5	le reve has the same director as the four cirque du soleil shows currently on the strip.  his name is dragone and based on name alone, you know the motherfucker is nuts.  he apparently had a parting of ways with the company (scandal!  i love artistic differences!) and so steve wynn hired him to do a show at the new wynn resort.  they built a theater in the hotel specifically for this show based on dragone's instructions.  it is spectacular.  it's in the round so there are no bad seats.  i really can't say enough good about this space other than that you have to see it, it blew my mind.  beautiful.  the show itself is very similar to other cirque du soleil shows but with more of a plot.  it really worked for me but others thought it didn't have enough insane acrobatics.  i don't know, i thought it was much more lyrical and beautiful than the other cirque shows i've seen and i loved the water element.  plus, they're still climing walls and doing high dives and balancing on each other and all that unnatural shit the audience loves. laura b approved 5 snaps in a circle.
5	Went with three other girls and enjoyed every minute of the show. We were seated in about the 3rd row and we did get some splashes here and there but they give you a towel to wipe yourself up. The show felt like a series of dream sequences as you see flying bodies throughout the show. Highly recommended.
3	I can't tell you how many times I thought to myself  "what the hell am I watching?" during this show.  I realize its not supposed to make much sense but that is one freaky ass dream!  Anyway, I've seen many cirque du soleil shows and this one isn't much different - "seen one seen them all."  I wasn't thrilled by it but I can't say it wasn't impressive.If you love Cirque Du Soleil then you are sure to love this as well.  No bad seats in the theatre, amazing acrobatics/diving/whatever.  If you like other CDS shows go for it...otherwise skip it.
4	This show definitely wasn't for everyone, as my boyfriend left with a "what the heck was that?" expression and remained dubious even when I take a stab at what I thought it all meant. 'Le Reve' is a dream sequence played out in an enormous pool, with the audience seated in the round. It recruits high divers, synchronized swimmers and acrobats for some truly beautifully and even dangerously choreographed movements, like diving off of an iron tree-like structure seconds after each other. I love the intimacy of this show, too -- we sat in the first row by the pool (in the "splash zone") and were pretty soaked by splashing from the divers at the end. (They do provide blankets to keep folks warm and/or dry.) It also gives you a chance to admire the athleticism and grace of the performers, who slink along the rails right in front of you.The clowns had some good slapstick, too. Though my guy wouldn't, I would see this show again!
4	Really hard to explain as there isn't a storyline. However, its visually stunning and something you can only expect to see in Vegas. Waterworld meets the circus...
3	With the start of this review, I should mention that I absolutely love "O" of the Cirque du Soleil fame over at Bellagio.  So, with much anticipation, I was excited to see what Dragone could bring with his new show "Le Reve" at the gorgeous new Wynn hotel.  With a circular stage, there really is no bad seat.  There is the 'wet' area as water is the main backdrop of the show.  Seat prices for the late show on a Saturday night range from $80/$90/$100.  However, with a one row difference, you can save $10.  And literally, the difference is one row.  With the opening act, the show held a great deal of promise.  I was excited and enraptured and couldn't wait to see what else this magnificent stage could showcase.  Unfortunately, my expectations were too high.  More often than not, the show fell flat.  With so many senses from sounds, visuals, textures, they could have created more 'acts' at all times, and more often than not, I found myself staring solely at the stage because of the lone performer.  (I continuously looked up, hoping that there would be aerial stunts from above, but there weren't any when I expected them.)The costumes and designs were interesting and kept me intrigued, but I felt that the show lacked the draw that would make this a best seller.  I went to the 10:30 pm showing on a Saturday night in June and there were a lot of empty seats.  That is definitely not encouraging. So, with that...I am disappointed.  I would not pay to see this again but I have seen "O" twice already and I would definitely go back and see that one again.
3	I think seeing O twice has made me incapable of being impressed by any other show as it  just has not happened. Not a bad show but when someone pulled the fire alarm that was more exciting than this show. Couldn't understand the point of it, was there a story? It's obvious a lot of work went into it but just not that great.
4	i love dragone.  i relaly love O and he did really good on celine dion's show.  i like that this place is smaller, so even if you have crap seats, youre not that far from the stage.  however, theres a bit too much going on and it was really hard to catch everything.  in fast, it was rather stressful and i tihnk i pulled a muscle in my neck, turning my head so much in all directions to catch everything.  however, everything was beautiful, and yea it was pretty much amazing.
4	I went to last Saturday's 10:30 show and was very impressed with this little less than 90 minute mind trip.  The water performances and acrobatics was very impressive in which in this "no bad seat" theater. The friend that I went with is a Nevada resident, so we snagged two seats for less than $80!  I think from the previous yelpers responses, that I'm glad that I haven't seen "O" before I saw La Reve, because my standards may have been too high.  I have seen KA and think that it's much better, but for the price of La Reve and that it's less than 90 minutes you can't go wrong.
4	I thought it was great, but paled compared to Mystere, which we saw the day or so before.  The acrobatics (perhaps because of the medium) didn't give you that open-mouthed age six feeling that you get with Mystere.  More expensive, and not as good.
5	I'm sure if I had seen the other Cirque shows, this would pale a bit in comparison, but I haven't, so "wow".Last minute 5 of us decided to see this while in Vegas and went to a last minute ticket house on the strip.  Tickets were about 30% less than full price and were very easy to find.  It's hard to always believe people when they say that they're aren't bad seats, but as soon as you walk in you realize they're right.  Since the whole show is surrounding a 1 million gallon water tank and there are about 10 people that look the same at any given time you see the same thing that Joe Shmoe does on the opposite side.  The music is impressive -- even more so once we realized it was live 3/4 of the way through and the stunts were incredible.  I'm still convinced though someone had to have died while practicing falling from the ceiling into that pool.Maybe this would be a 4 once I see "O" or one of the other official Cirque shows, but until then, I'm impressed.
2	after having seen almost all the cirque du soleil shows, im not too impressed w/ Le Reve. It seems like Dragone took a more artsy approach w/ this show to differentiate from his previous Cirque shows (which i think are much much better). The stage and the lighting are the best things about the show. The stage is a circle and the audience encircles the stage, so there isnt a bad seat in the house. And the stage is so complex: certain parts raise and lower so the water level in the stage changes throughout the show. and when the different colored lights hit the water, its really pretty.As for the show itself, the acrobatics have all been done before and much better too. There were no "Oh my God, please don't fall/break your neck!" moments that make these shows so exciting. Unlike Cirque, the music is in English and it sounds like its sung by a drunk Michael Buble. Go see Mystere or O, or even Ka before this one. If you do see the show, don't pay full price. You can get good prices at discount ticket stands. I got discount tix at the stand in Circus Circus Hotel. All the tix stands sell diff. shows. Tix were around $80, much cheaper than the list price!*oh yea, if you're bald, they'll pick on you during the preshow :), so if youre shy wear a cap!*
5	Unlike many others I know, I enjoyed Le Reve.  A lot.  I'd go so far as to say I enjoyed it as much as KA, my favorite Cirque de Soleil show.  Le Reve is similar to Cirque shows in many ways, but it's somewhat darker and brooding.The theater manages to feel very intimate, a big plus for shows like this.  I sat up close, but further back would be at least as good - unless you really enjoy getting wet!
5	I went with hubby on Memorial weekend.  All regular seats tickets were sold out online, so we bought VIP seats tickets.  It offered great view, small monitors to see performers' activities under water, one champane and 4 chocalate dipped strawberries for 2 pp.During the show, there was one scary thing happened.  We kept drinking champane but the glasses were always full.  Later, I found out there actually was a wine waitress kept pouring champane for us throughout the show in the dark. =PNever saw any Cirque shows before, but I think Le Reve is a beautiful show.  It is good that the lyrics is in English, otherwise I would not understand the plot as much only from the acrobatics.  Also, many dangerous acrobatics of performers got our attention from the begining to the end.  Hubby and me will definitely go see Cirque shows such as Ka and O next time.
5	Actually speaking, I am kinda at a loss of words. Such great talent!!!!! I was truly mesmerized by the sheer performance of all the artists. What added cherry on top was that it was all involving water.Unlike other shows, this show had a much better story line keeping the viewer always engaged. Not for a second did I take my eyes off the stage during the entire performance.I took my mom and sister, they too loved the show. We had very good seats. Up close and personal!!!! It was a great experience.So worth the price. I strongly suggest Le Reve over Ka, having seen both!!!!==============Vegas, baby!!!!!!!!!!==============
5	I thought Le Reve was really cool but its the only water show I have been to! I have gone to the Mystere show at TI a long time ago but I liked this one a lot better!No bad seats in the place,  we had 2nd row seats and we did not get wet!
4	We sat in the very front row, which is not the ideal perspective, but it was still a beautiful show.  We got slightly splashed a few times, but nothing terrible. The upside was that were close enough to the half-naked Adonis-like male performers to almost reach out and touch them.   Mmmm.Glad to hear (from reading other reviews) that I'm not missing something in that I was unable to follow the storyline.  The water performance was mesmerizing... synchronized swimming, diving, and slow submersions.  The aerial performance was also fun to watch, and at times (several times), there was so much going on it was hard to decide what to pay attention to.  I would recommend it.As the Cirque comparisons are inevitable, I'll admit that I've only seen one Cirque, Corteo.  And I'm not going to compare them.  I liked them both.  Okay, I guess comparisons are evitable after all. (sic)
5	Great time and a great show! I really loved Le Reve! The stage and how it moved was amazing the the actors/performers/swimmers-whatever you want to call them-were incredibly talented! We went to dinner at the Wynn (Red 8) and then to the show and it was a perfect evening! I highly recommend it! We are planning to visit LV again soon and see another show so I'll update you all then when I compare the two. ;-)
5	I really like dragone's directing with Le Reve. Super impressive and artsy. Some of the scenes were heart rocking and printed in my mind. We sat at the 3rd row which is the 1st row after the wet zone. The view was fantastic.
3	Big, sweaty, beefy dudes from all over eastern Europe. Athletic, sexy, flexible and half naked women crawling on top of everything. Acrobatics. Water Stunts. A blur of bodies grinding and groping each other. A two hour thrill ride of sexual intensity I won't soon forget.When it was over... i toweled off and took a shower. Then I left my condo to check out "Le Reve" at the Wynn. Not really a big deal.
4	Excellent show, especially if you get the VIP package with the comfortable seating, your own server, a bottle of champagne, & chocolate covered strawberries.The show got even better with all the alcohol :0)....you know what I mean
3	The show is OKAY. Nothing compared to O-show or KA. I think the stage is nice but after a while you see the same thing over and over again you got bored. We paid $90 for the premium seats (orig $129) .. it was a OK deal. Never pay full price for this show. haha.. this is what I learn from reading the yelp reviews. Thanks Yelpers!Overall not a bad show =)
5	Le Reve is an amazing show.  I was so captivated the entire time.  This is definitely a must see experience.  The stage is round so there are literally no bad seats.   If you like Cirque performances, you will love this show.
4	Very beautiful movement/interaction/costumes. Amazing feats of strength and agility. Four funny guys, and one hilarious man in tails with exposed breasts. Very satisfied with experiencing it only once in my life.
4	So this guy leaves Circue du Soleil  and creates a show on his own at the Wynn. As with all similar shows the music, sets, costumes, performers are outstanding and meld together a magical theme. In this case the story is not linear since it depicts a dream for the main character who is female. The show follows the character as one dream melds and flows with another. All of which takes place in a circular theater with a very large pool of water (with multiple sets that rise up out of it-similar to the Cirque O show) in the middle. Visually this is an absolutely stunning show! Large screens projecting images, fantastically high ceiling (I still can't believe a guy jumped from there all the way down into that small pool of water)  and creating the mood with a great lighting create wonderful atmosphere throughout. However, if you like a good story you may walk away a bit disappointed. Being a very visual person (see my yelp title) I thought it was well worth seeing.  A visual smrgsbord.And now my video link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE9Flx0vMQk
4	It was done beautifully, but the show wasn't as flashy as other Cirque show's I've seen. It seems to be the red headed step child of Dragone. For the price of the tickets (yay military) I would definitely choose to see Ka. The acrobatic feats were impressive but the show is definitely on the mellow side. Costume and all the acts melded beautifully.
4	A very nice show by Dragone. I was able to watch this show a couple of years ago, and had very nice seats. The water show was very beautiful (although now, I believe O was a better water show), as it depicted "imperfect dreams".  Very nice.I would recommend this show if you're in Vegas, and you would not be disappointed. What would you expect from one of the most expensive hotels on the Strip? Obviously, it's something nice.
4	I thought La Reve was very good.  I like the water and it was a very beautiful show.  It is worth going just to watch the stage and wonder what must have gone into the design and construction to make it work like that - it's pretty cool.  Of course the performances of strength and acrobatics are amazing, as is the diving.  The costumes are beautiful, too.  This show fits in very well with the entire theme of the Wynn.I do have to admit that my friend went with me and she nodded off during the performance.  But, she was on heavy-duty cold medicine and had some pre-show cocktails, so I am blaming them for her drowsiness, not La Reve itself.  The rest of us enjoyed it and were wide awake.
4	The theater is absolutely beautiful.  I can't even begin to describe it.  The colors are rich reds, blues and gold.  The domed ceiling has hanging 'mannequins' scattered to cover the entire surface.  It's a circular theater, so there are no bad seats.  It's a much smaller version of Cirque du Soleil's "O", but it definite keeps it's own unique style.  Not surprising since the show is designed by Dragone (of Cirque fame).  The stage is surrounded by water, and a lot of the show is based in and around water and the circular walkways.  The performers are amazing and adapt easily to both land and water with ease.  I really enjoyed this show and was captivated by the imagery and music.
5	This show is AMAZING!!! It's unlike any other show I've ever seen and I've seen quite a few in Vegas.  I enjoyed this show alot more than "O" at the Bellagio.  The theater is sooo beautiful, and the set-up of it is really great..pretty much wherever you're seated it seems nearly impossible to miss a thing. There's alot of action from all ends of the theater..from the ceiling, the walls, to center stage.The show is very unique and creative...I love all the colors of the costumes and the performance is extremely entertaining, there is never a dull moment!
4	I  thought the whole show was beautiful. The acrobatic abilities of the cast memebers is amazing, especially considering the fact that the whole show is based in or around the water. They do some tremendous things that are sure to astound you. However, I didn't feel the score was very complimentary to the show. Better music might have made the show much more enjoyable for me. Overall, very good but, could have been better.
4	NEGATIVES - Too many dudes in speedos prancing around in the water.  I was expecting more chicks doing sexy numbers.  definitely not the place for a bachelor party.PROS:No bad seats.  so save your money and sit in the back.Very artistic.  More of a place to take your girl or your mom.Venue and stage is excellent.
4	The Girl and I took a short trip to Vegas to unwind and we capped a night of dining at nearby Alex with the Le Reve show.  For a Friday night, it was surprisingly not filled to capacity.  Le Reve is visually stunning in terms of lights, water formations (man did I have to pee), and costumes.  It has the same vacillation from slapstick comedy to gravitas as you'd expect from a Cirque show like Kooza.We got the VIP package where we sat in the top back row, had a server give us chocolate covered (limit 4, boo) strawberries and champagne, and got to look at a TV screen that showed live "behind the scenes" footage, like what was going on underwater.It's an expensive show and a bit short (70 minutes) hence the 4 stars.  For the money, O or Kooza give more bang for the buck.  But in a mega-arid place like Las Vegas, you get a nice skin treatment with all the moisture in the air.Definitely worth seeing, but don't expect tons of acrobatics like a normal Cirque show.  Save your money and sit in the regular seats.  There are no obstructions to the stage (see my pictures).  They do not allow flash photography at all and frown upon any photography.  They were OK with taking pictures before the show started, but I managed to sneak a few shots during the show until the usher caught me and admonished me for my tomfoolery.
4	It really was a beautiful dance in the water. The athletic abilities of the performers is just astounding. We saw Mystere the last time we were here and I think I liked it better, but this was still very good.  Sit at least 3 rows back if you don't want to get wet.
4	It's a feast for the eyes, and the added effect of the water is a great touch. The colorful lighting and the rippling water creates a gorgeous effect that looks like liquid colored glass. It is beautifully choreographed, has artistic lighting effects, a great soundtrack, and great performers. It got a little dull and slow at some points, but overall a great show. Definitely a must see in Vegas.
3	ok, le reve was... well, OKay.  the water was cool and we had awesome seats.  (if you decide to go, book on the aisle between section E & F.)  but, again, it didn't knock anything off my top three cirque lists... which (granted) is a hard thing to do.  however, it was like it was advertised... the best of the best.  yet, very similar to my reaction of going to the wynn for the first time, i felt like saying... blah.  there are too many pretty things going on at the same time in the casion decor that it just fell into a pithole of spoil and... well, blah (yuck!).  lastly, what's up with the nudity.  unlike zumanity, it was unnecessary and lacked artistic taste.
5	A great show. As good as "O",
5	"Le Reve: A small collection of imperfect dreams" was a perfect dream for me, Jessica and Nicole during our first night in Vegas. It was a spectacular aquatic-acrobatic performance that took our breaths away. We had the pleasure of being treated to tickets to the show by Nicole's amazing cousin, who had seen Le Reve 7 times before. If he'd seen it 7 times, we were certain the show would be phenomenal. Indeed it was.As we arrived at the theater inside Wynn, I was really surprised to see what an intimate venue it was, and with the round aqua stage set in the center, there was no bad seat in the house. The first row was incredibly close to the 1 million gallon pool, but although the guests sitting there had a fantastic view, they were at risk of being splashed throughout the performance. Those sitting in the VIP section had monitors screening backstage/underwater footage during the show, which is really cool.I won't reveal too much about the show (you'll have to go see it for yourself!), only that the sets were really amazing, and it's easy to see how the show is one of the most expensive ever produced. I could also see how many would mistaken this as being a Cirque du Soleil show, because the creator was the former creative director at Cirque - as the creative dramatic & comedic storyline, haunting music score, intricate choreography, and incredibly talented performers with beautifully sculpted bodies are all indicative of Cirque shows. Unfortunately, I've never seen "O," but I hear that they are both wonderful in their own ways. I thought the length of the show was just right, and there was never a dull moment. I mean, how could there be? This is, after all, Vegas, baby!!
5	I was blown away by La Reve -- Steve Winn's version of Cirque du Soleil. It was nothing short of spectacular! The water elements were truly amazing. I couldn't believe the acrobatics, the heights, the dancing, the antics. I was also surprised by the depth of emotion I felt too. It was so abstract, yet so emo. I do wonder about the guy with the man boobs though... can anyone enlighten me? Still contemplating that one.
5	This was the most amazing thing I have ever seen!  At some parts I felt like I was stuck in one of Goya's greatest nightmares - and I loved it.Every once in a while (for filler) they added some awful salsa/disco dance routine (think bad choreography featuring Fez from That 70's show).  I actually felt embarrassed for the dancers... but that's OK because everything else was so amazing, that the show still deserves 5 stars.The women there have insane muscles.  I kept looking for Captain Winky , but couldn't find him.  I still have my doubts about some of them.If you are going... here are my tips on where to sit. - The first row is a "splash zone", and your face will be in that dry ice fog stuff for the first 20 minutes of the show- The aisles next to the performer stairs are creepy - there are dancers dressed as devils jumping over the rails at you- The rows are LONG... so try to get next to stairs (not the performer stairs).  The last row in the theater is 31 seats across.  That's a lot of people that need to stand up if somebody in the middle needs to use the restroom!
5	Located in the Wynn hotel (my favorite!)We were lucky enough to score awesome tickets to Le Reve through the discount tickets counter.  The theatre is great, and there is not a bad seat in the house.  The first two rows are "splash" rows, so they tend to be a little cheaper.  We sat a row behind the splash rows, and I only felt a little bit of splash.  The best part of the show, the amazing dives!  Since the show was a water show, I was so amazed at their ability to hold on to each other without slipping! Truly an amazing show.  If you like Cirque to Soleil, you will like Le Reve.
5	Performance: 4.5 starsSeat/View: 5 starsPrice: 4.25 starsWe got the 25% off tickets from Tickets2nite on Thursday and went to see the show the same night. We sat in the front row which is the "splash zone". At first, we were worried that we would get wet, but it was fine. All we got was some very minor water drops. The view was great because nothing blocked us and we could see the whole performance very close and comfortably. The performance itself was awesome! Great act, great costumes, great skills, great dives, great design and usage of the space and the stage! Some acts were amusing and eye-dropping: one man hanging up-side-down on another man's shoulder without holding hands. You have to see it to believe it. Great show and I highly recommend it!
5	If you only see one show in Las Vegas, this is it.  Beautiful, powerful, graceful - I've seen it twice and was blown away even more the second time.
5	Best show that I've seen in Vegas.  Spectacular performance, unbelievable acrobatics.  And the best of all, it's reasonably priced.  Get the dinner/show package so you can also enjoy a 3 course prix-fixe meal at one of many delicious and highly acclaimed restaurants in The Wynn Hotel at a discounted price.
4	Good show!!!  It's an amazing show!  It's all performed in a pool of water... kinda like Cirque Du Soleil's "O".People are flying through the air doing acrobatic stunts, women sychronized swimming in the water, people coming from the water and the sky.... it's a lot of action going on!!  It was definitely entertaining, and we got to sit in the splash zone - first row!!!  Mind you, you WILL get wet if you are sitting in the front row, hence "splash zone"... The whole time I was wondering to myself "how do they do that????"... it's like the people are under water the whole time or something (even though I know they're not)... but I couldn't figure out how they were popping out from the water... The people are definitely talented, skilled, and FIT!  It's magical!!!!
4	Le Reve = acrobatics + water + crazy stage + crazy visuals + storylineLe Reve means "The Dream", which is a painting by Picasso. When you are watching the show, you are basically captured inside a dream. The cheaper tickets sit closer to the stage. The more expensive tickets are seated further back. The reason for this is because the further seats have a better viewpoint to capture the entire picture of the show. Because there's so much stuff going on at once, you won't be able to see everything if you sit up close. The theater is quite small so the setting is intimate and every seat should have a great view. This show is simply amazing and very very entertaining. Go see for yourself the next time you're in vegas!
2	simonster's version of hell on earth (part 3)...memorial day weekend, 2008.i was really expecting to love le reve.  it's choreographed by the same cirque du soleil choreographer that did "o," which is my fave cirque show of all time.  similar to "o," le reve is a water show, which has even more appeal for me.  i can't help but marvel at the engineering necessary to raise and lower those underwater platforms.  one minute a bunch of hot dancers are flitting around in leotards on a metal platform, and the next, the hot dancers are flying through the air and plunging into water where the platform just was!  amazing.  i keep thinking to myself, "wow, if anybody's timing is off, *SPLAT*!"i'd planned the evening, so i was really looking forward to showing my gal at the time and my friends a good time with a magical vegas trio of dinner, a show, and some dancing.  to start the evening, i made reservations at daniel baloud's brasserie, which was fantastic.  amazing service, refined, flavorful food, and even a quaint little light show on the waterfall outside.  after a leisurely dinner, we strolled across the casino floor to le reve theater, where our VIP passes got us a special waitress and plush couples seating around a little table already laid with chocolate covered strawberries and champagne.  each VIP seating area also included a flat-panel monitor which gave some really interesting behind-the-scenes and underwater live footage.  service at the show was excellent as well, and our glasses refilled as if by magic.  the show itself was actually not as good as "o," but still entertaining.  and those flat-panel monitors might actually detract, since seeing all the behind-the-scenes and underwater footage actually took away some of the show's mystique.regardless, we were off to a great start, and we were really enjoying ourselves.  but when we arrived at blush, the evening turned sour very quickly.included in the VIP tickets is SUPPOSED to be comped entry ($30 value) and no-wait access to the wynn's blush nightclub.  that's what they told me when i booked the tickets to justify the added expense, that's what they confirmed at the ticket counter when i picked up the tickets that night, and that's what the back of the freakin' pass even says!  no conditions, no exceptions, no question.instead, we had to wait 20+ minutes in front of blush only to find out from a snooty manager that our VIP passes were worthless over the memorial day weekend and that cover would be $50.  trying to be rational, i offered him the extra $20 per person on top of the $30 credit our VIP passes should have comped us, which he flatly refused.my gal at the time, always the voice of reason, saw the futility of trying to reason with that idiot, so we went to find a hotel concierge with hopefully more sense than the club manager.  unfortunately, the front desk night manager used that familiar excuse made so popular by unempowered customer service morons the world over:  "there's nothing i can do."ridiculous.  the following monday when i got home, i wrote a note outlining our disappointing experience to wynn's customer service email address.  in it i pointed out that communication between blush and le reve management needed to be improved to prevent issues like this, and that any establishment that prides itself on offering world-class service should ALWAYS have an escalation path for resolving disputes with a manager present or on call who can make decisions on behalf of the establishment as a whole.it's been a week, and i still haven't gotten a response.based on this experience, i'm never going back to the wynn again.
4	The best analogy I can make is that it is like looking at a beautiful painting.  It is beautiful to look at and you analyze and pick at it but after awhile you're sort of bored and your mind drifts and you start looking at the time, then you become antsy and want to leave.  Le Reve is just that.  There are no thrills, hardly any flash and the comedy is mediocre.  However, the show is very beautiful to watch.  If compared to any of the Cirque du Soleil shows, Corteo would be the most similar in it's beauty.
4	We had a great time at this show.  I definitely recommend checking it out.  Amazing talent!
5	Best show I've seen. -Interesting storyline-Amazing athleticism-Awesome special efffects & set upsI was in awe
3	after seeing "o" it's impossible to match. this show is good, but i was pretty bored after the first 30 min. the comic relief between scenes is refreshing.
5	This was the very first show I have ever seen in Vegas, and I loved it. The performers are so talented and have amazing abilities, and I was very impressed with the water stage set-up. I never thought these little shows could be so spectacular!
1	i just received a reply from the wynn today. almost a month later.while i appreciate at least getting a response and the offer for free admission to blush, it's pretty pointless since:-  i've already paid for it so it's not really free, and it doesn't come anywhere close to compensating us for the disappointment and frustration experienced by me and my friends.-  this letter doesn't exactly convince me that anything was actually done or even necessarily communicated.i definitely still won't go back to wynn.  ever.---------------------------------------Dear Mr. SiMonster:Thank you for taking the time to contact us regarding your recent experience at Wynn Las Vegas.  I would like to apologize for the difficulties you experienced at Blush and that we did not meet your expectations.  It is our goal to provide our guests with the finest services and accommodations and we regret that we were not able to keep that promise.  While we continually strive to improve our facilities and service, the information you share allows us an opportunity to see our operation from your perspective.  Please be assured that your concerns have been discussed with our management team to ensure that the issues you experienced have been addressed.  In the interest of regaining your confidence in the level of service normally provided at Wynn Las Vegas, I would like to offer complimentary admission for four (4) to Blush on your next visit to Las Vegas.  Please contact my office directly at 702-XXX-XXXX, and we will make the necessary arrangements.  This offer is non-transferable, based on availability exclusive of holidays.Again, I apologize for any inconvenience and hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back to Wynn Las Vegas.  Sincerely,Steve Weitman  Vice President of Food and Beverage SW/mcc Cc:      Phil Romeo - Director of Restaurant Reservations            Rick Gray - General Manager of Entertainment Operations             Raymond Ochoa - General Manager Blush
5	Simply Amazing.....definitely worth the money and this is coming from someone who doesn't like to pay big bucks for shows, concerts, etc.We got awesome seats in the 3rd row.  I think it was the perfect location.  First row people kinda get some water sprayed on them (I saw one boy having to wipe his glasses a few times).  Also, I think the VIP seating area isn't worth it.  It's all the way in the back and I'm assuming you can't see as much detail.I would recommend this show to anyone going to Vegas.
5	This show is amazing.  Our seats were close to the front so we had a great view of all the action and even got a little wet.  Fantastic acrobatics and music.  The tickets are pretty expensive, but I think it was worth it.
5	Awesome show.  My friend took my other friend and I there for our birthdays.  Simply amazing.  We had seats kind of close to the front.  Although we missed the first 10 minutes or so I definitely would recommend this as a must see show in Vegas.  I think I wanted to take of the performers home.  All of the them were amazing.
3	If you like watching the diving competitions in the Olympics, but wish they'd dispose of the tediuous one minute wait between dives, this is the show for you.   It's basically 75 minutes of all possible permutations of male and female acrobatic diving from various platforms, with brief interludes to allow male strength display and a nonsensical plot.   And it has one hell of a sound system, which almost makes up for the lack of live music.Is it a good show?  Sure.  The performers, in addition to being flawless physical specimens of the human race, are all incredibly gifted and maintained stunningly perfect stage presence throughout.  But we tired fairly quickly from watching what is essentially one act in a Cirque du Soleil show drawn out to last 75 minutes.  I found myself spending more time thinking about how they could ever pay for and operate the massive mobile underwater set than I did being impressed with the show.  And then I remembered: our tickets were $141 apiece after all the fees.  That's how.  Is this worth it in a city that offers five cirque du soleil shows for a better price?  Of course not.  And the proof is in the numbers: it seemed that fully one quarter of the seats were empty in the performance we attended.  At the same time, no good seats were left for the cirque shows when I booked.But hey, if you haven't seen cirque du soleil and you think paying more gets you more, then this is a five star show.
4	I LOVE CIRQUE DU SOLEIL PRODUCTIONS!!! And shows like it :o)I know this show isn't officially a cirque du soleil production but i was created by an ex cirque du soleil affiliate.  This show was great the first time i saw it but eeehhh the second time i saw it.  People try to compare it to O at Bellagio but there's no comparison there.  O is a phenomenal show.  Back to Le Reve, it is a dark and twisted show and from what i've read in articles is that the original concept was for it to be a nightmare not a dream.  Mrs. Wynn didn't like the show as a nightmare and Mr. Wynn changed it.  But in any case as far as the acrobatic point of view it was great.  It's a circular arena so you can't really get a bad seat.
4	Things have changed for Le Reve since I saw the show almost two years ago.  And my 3 star review has gone up to a 3.5 star rating...so we'll round up to a 4.The seating tiers have changed, which I think make better sense now than before.  There's more of a dancing theme with more dramatics, which is a good thing.  There's a lot of head bobbing at this performance, don't ask me why.  The circular stage is fantastic and is fabulous idea, so how can you not love it?  The best part for me - the three female dancers on the huge sphere.  So well choreographed and so fluid!  That's what you call a performance!Look out for the guy with the boobs!
4	It was cool. Surely for the couples or the older crowd. All seats are great seats so go for the cheap tickets because you can enjoy the arial acts more from higher up.The interjections of 80's music were weird and off but being that Le Reve is about a dream, I guess I can understand the point of it all. I mean, I do have some off/weird moments in my dreams... kinda like the Jersey Boy-esce looking men prancing around stage to 80's techno.
3	(Waterworld + Step Up 2 The Streets + S&M Porn + the Gillette Mach3) x a healthy dose of acid = Le ReveThe set is absolutely incredible, I do not dispute that. They do some pretty incredible things in that tight theater and there is nothing like it in Vegas. I was impressed enough to try and find info on how they run the production online after seeing it.That being said, the show itself is "eh". It is dramatic and weird and all things Vegas but I just didn't care enough and after a while all the bald dudes in unitards, synchronized swimmers in white wigs, and tuxedoed angels just didn't do it for me.
1	Wow!  WHAT A Waste of money. They should change the name from Le Reve to Le Boring.   This was a complete knock off and wannabe of the show  "O" cirque d soleil. Yes I know the same creator of that show.  I watched pretty much every show in Vegas except for the shit hole ones you find in old Las Vegas. This show might as well been in the Stratosphere.  I mean give me a break $100 per ticket I am glad that I got the cheap seats, that were in front row where you get wet from the water.  If the water didn't splash on me I would have slept through the whole show.  Same oh crap people swinging around doing flips and stunts.  I have seen this a dozen times before.  I am very dissapointed in Steve Wynn.  I would have thought that he would have a better show in his fabulous Casino.  I would rather take my money and play Casino War with it instead of spending it on a boring boring show.  Maybe thats why he put this show in his Casino, so that everyone who leaves the show when its done will gamble, and try to win their money back after they wasted it on this show.
5	So after dinner (at Bartolotta) we make our way through the Wynn's casino floor to the  Le Reve Theatre. We skip the line and walk up to the VIP counter. I HIGHLY recommend springing on VIP seats. You get to bypass the line and enjoy a wonderful view on the top row as you sit in an extra-large seat sipping Perrier-Jouet Champagne and strawberries with your own personal attendant!  A melodic tune floats gently though the air as the audience takes their seats. The theatre fills and then the lights dim. The show beings! Le Reve, The Dream, takes you on a haunting journey that's funny, sexy, scary and wondrous. Franco Dragone has outdone himself with this water-themed show in the style and spirit of Cirque du Soleil!
4	This was my first Las Vegas show! I really did enjoy it, don't get me wrong...I was just a bit confused. I did like all of the artistic elements to the show, however! The red high heel synchronized swimming was phenomenal! All of the synchronized swimming acts were great! I loved the floating candelabras! The high dives made my stomach turn! 80+ foot dives?!! Incredible. The music was great and I loved the interpretive dancing. I loved how they silenced the theater to let you hear just the movement of the water at certain parts of the show.The theater is intimate and there really isn't a bad seat in the house! We were seated about 12 rows up and still had a great view. Personally, I think the higher up seats give you a better view of the entire set, than the close up splash zone. The circus like tent above you is beautifully decorated and truly adds to the spunk of the show! I don't want to give it away. You have to see it for yourself!All of the actors, dancers, divers, and synchronized swimmers were fabulous! I was just confused about where the direction of the show was going. It is a great visual show, but I tend to like plot. I understood that the  young girl was dreaming, so it is understandable that the show is kind of all over the place. There are surprising bits of humor that are thrown in, as well...that I don't think really fit. They are funny, but it is hard to tie in slap stick humor to a show that has a more serious and delicate edge to it.Overall, a great show! I still would love to see all of the Cirque shows in Vegas!
5	Breathtaking is the word I would use to describe Le Reve.  Le Reve is a beautiful interpretation of Picassos painting Le Reve.I know that there have been some criticism about the 'story line' but this is not intended to be a story.  It is intended to be an interpretation of the painting, as if you are experiencing the woman's dream, and you are whisked away with her.  I felt in awe, and inspired.  I marveled at the performers, and was moved by the music.  I was in Row H in section A and I felt like I had a perfect seat!  Though with the theatre in the round set up you really can't go wrong every seat is a great seat!I had purchased my tickets from BestOfVegas.com and the agent informed me on the phone that I would not know my exact seat until I picked up my ticket at Will Call, but that I would love it, and I can honestly say that I was a little nervous not knowing exactly where I would be sitting but I had one of the best seats in the house!I would recommend Le Reve to anyone who enjoys Cirque, or interpretive dance, and really just wants to sit back and have a visual feast for over an hour!I would say that with the free upgrade I got when I bought my tickets; it was well worth the price.
2	So when I am in vegas with the gf we like to do the shows and such. I have heard from other people that they really liked this show and that any seat in the house would be a good one since its such a small venue. I actually found tickets online that were discounted because of some ticketmaster deal. We paid i think $190 for two tickets in the premium section. For this venue, since it is a circular theatre, i think the higher you sit up, the better view you have of the overall performance. Those in the very front row probably have strained necks trying to catch everything they could.I have been to toher Cirque Du Soliel shows before and expected somewhat of the same. By far this was the worst show I have ever seen, ever worse than LOVE at the Mirage, and I hated LOVE. First off, there is no storyline, its just randomness going on. People jumping in and out of the water, some random four guys trying to be funny, some gruelish looking beast randomly walking around. Throughout the whole show, i was trying to figure out what the heck was going on. People were clapping for this and that, but I really didnt know what they were clapping for. I really tried to like the show but it just didnt happen. Would I recommend this show to anyone? Yeah, if its free and they are comping a dinner afterwards. But if you have seen other type of shows like this, meaning any other Cirque Du Soliel shows, you will be highly dissapointed!Its funny, cause as we were walking out after the show, some lady was talking to her friend saying "can you believe how great this show was, i totally think it was worth the $150 we spent on tickets, this is a once in a lifetime oppurtunity". I looked over to my gf and we just laughed, she will realize soon enough how many better shows there are out there!
5	I really didn't expect to enjoy a glorified synchronized swimming/diving/ballroom dancing show as much as I enjoyed Le Reve. But, WOW!, the visuals, lighting, and stunts were amazing. The star of the show the incredible stage though.  How in the world do you go from fountains, walking  and splashing in the water to 50 ft dives in a matter of minutes !?!  It was absolutely brilliant! I have to say that the performers were some of the most beautiful people I've ever seen too.  Definitely look for discounts (got ours from Travelzoo), as we were able to see the show for about $160 for 2 tickets.  We saw the late show, and there were seats still available all along the top 2 rows.
4	This show was pretty great though I loved Zumanity even better (see review). I was staying with family at the Wynn so we splurged for tickets to La Reve. The acrobatics were really phenomenal and the dives into the gorgeous pools of water were amazing too. The show seemed to try to have a bit of a plot but the excitement and beauty of the acrobatics far out-weighed my interest in the story line. They seemed to plan the seating extremely well for this show so that basically every seat in the house is a good seat. I don't think you can EVER go wrong with a Cirque de Soleil show! I definitely want to catch them all!!!
5	I am afraid I may have ruined it for all other shows in Vegas...Stunning.  This was my first Cirque type show.  I know that is isn't one of them but you get the idea.  The theater is circular so there is no real bad seat in the house.  I went on Travelzoo.com and used their discount code for a free upgrade.  So, I paid for the "splash zone" seats but upgraded to the higher level seating.  The premium seating is about 10 rows above the "splash zone".   The higher you are seated, the better the view.  Overall, the performers (wow ladies, the some of the guys in this show are lookers!), the music and the theater will absolutely take your breath away.  Just read up on the show a little bit so you don't misinterpret the entire thing and walk out and realize it would have all made sense if I did.
5	I am not that big on shows, plays or even movies, but this was some entertaining shit.  Yeah the ticket price is a little high, but every seat in the house is good.  I was hugely impressed with the stage, lighting, and accuracy of the entire show.  The music was played live also which I thought was dope.If you get a chance to see this show go for it.  I also recommend going to Stratta to eat/drink before hand.  Its a great restaurant and its right next to the theater.  I don't hand out 5 STARS like condoms at the clinic, so you know this show is the shit.
2	Props to all the performers but it really wasn't worth seeing.  Trust me, I've seen a lot of shows...
2	Ehhh...I just didn't get it. A bit too "artistic" for my tastes. I think "O" is the best Cirque show in Vegas (I've seen Mystere and Zumanity), although I have yet to catch Ka, which I've heard is the best!
3	It was.......pretty. No really, it was a nice show. Very artistic as people have mentioned. I really didnt see much plot either in many parts of the performances. The talent, colors, lights and costumes are beautiful and fun to watch just like the other cirque shows and this is very similar to them. So my conclusion opinion, it is not a total waste of money but not near as good as the others I have seen such as O and Zumanity. And lastly, try not to drink too much before getting stuck in the middle of the aisle watching water hoses and spouts for the entire show praying your bladder can hold on just a little longer ;-)
5	I love this show.  I've seen it 4 times now, I take friends, family, business associates to see it, whenever I'm in Vegas.  It is powerful, graceful, peaceful - it's kind of stupid I know, but at times just watching this show renews my faith in humanity that it really can be something beautiful and not selfish and doomed, if only for a few minutes.  Highly recommended.
5	I go to Vegas at least once a month and see at least 3 or 4 shows every trip.  I have seen every Cirque show, and while Le Reve is not a Cirque show, it is very Cirque-like (Franco Dragon, the director of Le REve, directed O and other CIrque shows).  Quite simply is it one of the most beautiful shows I have ever seen.  The cast is energetic, talented and beautiful, the theater is astounding and there are moments of shear visual magic.  I have seen Le Reve four times now and will see it again (I brought a group of 15 people to see it this past June, and 5 of them have been back to see it again).  If you want to spend 75 minutes watching something beautiful, go see Le Reve.  Tickets are steep ($125), but I always feel like I get my money's worth.  Also, keep your eyes open for the guy who slams himself around in the stage in an inch of water; I'v enever seen anythng like it before.
4	how did those other yelpers post pictures from the show? cameras were not allowed. i was too chicken to even bring my cell phone (as the tickets stated "no cell phones allowed".) oh, well. view the pics to see great images from the show. le reve was breathtakingly beautiful. people keep asking me if it was better than "O". honestly, i saw "O" so long ago, i don't really remember it. le reve was 1.5 hours of magnificent acrobatic skill & dance in the air, on the ground and in/on the water. the synchronization was right on the whole time. i lost count how many times i said "oh my gosh" or "how'd they do that?". most memorable moments for me were the underwater synchronized dancing, drops into water from the top of the ceiling, and the two men................both easily 200 pounds of muscle, in their solo of balancing on top of one another, in many different ways. my one complaint is i didn't understand the story (if there was one). our cab driver said he didn't get it either. i think i would have loved it more if i could follow along with the story.  (oh.....and the zero leg room was a bummer too.) i saw a monday night show, so the theatre was not even half full. we were seated 5 rows back and i loved it because i could actually see the expressions on the performers faces.  i was also able to take advantage of the 2 for 1 deal they have during the year for vegas residents. if i had to pay full price for the show, i probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much.
4	This was my first Vegas show period and I definitely loved it. It was one of the best shows I've seen in Vegas but definitely not THE best. That title goes to KA at the MGM Grand. This show is very riveting and has great choreography and acrobatics that make you woo, ahh and gasp in fear at certain acts. The seating is very intimate as it is only 14 rows all around the circular water stage and it's very difficult to get a "bad seat" but I'd still buy my tickets early. You can get wet if you're in the first three rows.This show is definitely worth the money!
4	I've seen Zumanity before and I was so bored....but coming to Le Reve I was really excited because its a water show.  The show kept my attention from beginning to end.  Even my boyfriend had to agree that the show wrapped up our trip at Vegas very nicely.  I would definitely watch it again :)  Also the seatings are very fair...everyone gets equal viewing...so you wouldn't have to worry about limited views.
2	I love synchronized swimming and physically stunning shows - like ballet or bullfighting - but I was bored and trying to think of excuses to leave the venue not even half way through the show - the novelty of the water aspect of the show wears off very quickly and then you're left with the lame music and shmaltzy plotline.   sigh - to think that we wasted $300 on tickets makes me sad.
1	I've been bored with Cirque de Soleil and it's progeny since the mid 90s when my Mom started dragging me to the original tent shows.  Le Reve is clearly derived from the Cirque de Soleil model.  Yawn.
2	I got good deal for these tickets through TravelZoo.  Got them for $90 each vs $125 each.  We got 6th row tickets and aisle seats.  When we first walked into the theater, we were amazed at the circle center stage as it was all water.  I was excited to see the show.  The show started a little after 9:30 PM.  It was kind of sad that there were still many empty seats, but I guess with the economy, there are less people attending shows these days.  During the show, I couldn't understand what the story was really about.  They had a bunch of acrobats and synchronized swimmers.  They didn't have many costumes nor props.  The men were all topless and buff.  It was a little awkward to see a bunch of topless men doing stunts and dances together.  When a group of men and women were dancing in the water, it almost seemed like a big orgy in the water.  I didn't really get it.  Diving from the ceiling and acts of endurance were appealing to me.  At the end, I was a little disappointed that it wasn't as great as I had expected.  Probably because I've already seen "O" and that was really good.
4	This is the ultimate wet dream! (Get it, Le Reve = the dream, and it's all done in a circular pool.) Imagine Busby Berkeley, Esther Williams, and Chippendale's all rolled into one. The male acrobatic performers are dressed (sorta) in trunk-style Speedos. The sinewy muscles of these acrobatic swimmers are on display for most of the 70 minutes of the show. They are matched with equally defined females (for short sequences). The only drawback of the show is that it's basically a one-trick pony. Acrobatic acts done in water. Very entertaining - to a point - but not much in the way of variety. How often and in how many ways can someone jump, drop, or slide into a pool? ALL the seats are great, although they claim the first three rows are splash zone. the back row is the Champagne and chocolate covered strawberries row - if you want to spend the extra money. Don't get seats too low as you'll get a cramp in your neck looking up at the show. Also, the haunting melodic music while patrons are being seated repeats, and repeats, and repeats. Don't be late as their is no seating during the first 6 minutes, but don't get there too early as the seating music may drive a bit mad. (If choosing a "cirque" style show to see in Vegas, I would rate KA as #1) (Theater is currently dark Tuesdays and Wednesdays.)
3	Purchased tickets at Circus Circus spontaneously for $109/person, since every other Cirque du Soleil show was pretty much booked for Saturday night.  This show is at Wynn, so it has to be somewhat good, right?  The I-am-holier-than-thou Steve Wynn doesn't stand for crap!I didn't really have any expectations going in, since I've never seen a show by Cirque du Soleil.  We sat in Section A, on the top row (not V.I.P.), which had a pretty good view of the circular theatre.  Words of advice:  the higher the seats, the better the view - and the less chance you'll get wet.  The beginning of the show was really intense, dramatic, and cool - with the visuals, dancing, acrobatics, and music.  After the first half, it just got kind of boring.  A couple times I was left with a bunch of questions, confused as fuck.  How do the swimmers stay underneath the water for so long??  Is there something under the water for them to breathe in?  Or is it 'cause of long hard deep breathing training?  How did the super long and giant curtains get sucked so quickly into the 3 side opening/entrances?  Were they pulled by string?  Or sucked in by a giant vacuum??  Where did the people go once they dived in the water and never re-surfaced?  Is there an opening/door down there?  Though I kept all these questions to myself, I, in fact, wasn't all that excited nor impressed.  Just curious.  It's a pretty interesting show, I would say I was probably 60% impressed most of the time.  I really enjoyed the music selection though - especially the ones that were all ominous, dramatic, and intense - the ones you only hear playing in movies such as "666" or "The Omen".
3	This show was fine....  all of the harsh reviews here are ridiculous.  The worst Cirque show EVER in the history of all stage performances was the travelling Cirque du Soleil show, Delirium (I watched this in NYC, Madison Square Garden).  REasons why this was bad - the stage was just a long platform and they just jumped up and down and up and down that thing..... nothing crazy... and oh they had a woman who is not famous sing song after song after song like it was American Idol and it was Thursday elimination night.Anyways - Le Reve was fiiiiine!  Very beautiful production.  New script (as I have read) seems a lot more "warm" as compared to the previous where the main character is male with plunging pregnant women diving into the water.  I liked this show, but I wouldn't say it's my favorite.  It kept me entertained and it served it's Vegas purpose.  From my 3 CDS shows, Mystere is up there (the other is Corteo, another travelling show) only because it is performed in Vegas and it's a big production vs the small travelling shows.  I have yet to be WOW'ed.
4	The main female in Le Reve is totally hot. Loved the show, but not as great as O, which is pretty much the same water act. Damn she is fine. I can tell it was quite cold for her in the frigid water.. if you know what i mean. haha
4	Great show. Very good seating. Amazing stunts and diving. I liked better than "O" (my wife thinks the opposite. Make sure you leave time for walking the casino it is great.
4	I've now seen Le Reve twice and am no closer to having a clue as to how to interpret it, but it is a beautiful, exhilarating, breathtaking experience.  Dancing, diving, acrobatics, music, drama, comedy, and doves.  You should have a few drinks beforehand to prepare yourself and then several afterwards to try to wrap your mind around it.
4	I don't think I can tell you what the show is about/how the ending is,but 'Le Reve' (The Dream) is really surreal as Cirque Du Solei's 'O' if you have seen it.The first time I watch Le Reve that was halted 2/3 of the show due to technical difficulity, but I have to give Steve Wynn & Wynn's Box office credit-They were able to refund full price of my ticket to me.So, this time I bought the ticket 2nd time & finish show-I still think it's really worth it the cost of the ticket, though, when we were talking to the box officer, they did recommend not to sit at the first few rows & consider the 10th-15th rows in the middle to be the premium seats.Overall, I'll highly recommend 'Le Reve'.-A good show to catch while you're in town.
3	Le Reve was an okay show.   It got a little repetitive, after all how many times do you need to see a bald guy plunging into water?   I was expecting more acrobatics and more tricks, but there was a lot more dancing then I expected.Here's a few pieces of advice to Steve Wynn though regarding his show.   One, put the fricken schwag shop either right outside of the theater or in the theater itself.   Most people don't want to go hunting for a place to buy a program.Two, discount your tickets or give them away as comps to your high rollers, whatever, but when we went the place was maybe a third full.   Maybe.  You're going to run the show anyway, fill it with bodies, don't make the poor performers play to a half empty house.Three, if you are going to have a water show with water spraying everywhere every five seconds, put more bathrooms in.   I swear I felt as though I had to pee throughout the whole damn show and the bathroom was halfway across the theater.
2	Perhaps I was tired from partying too hard the night before, perhaps it was the food coma from the dinner before the show, but I literally fell asleep during this show. End conslusion: i don't like water shows.So me and four other girls was having our girls night out. Being in the first time in vegas we had to see a show. Me and one of the girls were more opted for the "O", but somehow we ended up watching Le reve cuz it was cheaper...and it one of the worst mistakes ever made.If you are a 20 sth year old like me with the attention-span of a new yorker, you will not appreciate the repetitiveness of this show. We sat in the 4 th row ( splash-free zone). It was cool for the first 5 minutes before it all melted into a vague, repetitive performance. The couple sitting next to me literally left the show in 20 minutes. They probably didn't have to pay 60 bucks for each ticket like we did.Good points: The male performers probably had one of the most perfectly ripped bodies i have seen. but that only held my interested for about 2 minutes.Note to self : must watch the O next time !!
4	I had fairly high expectations for this show.  While I was not disappointed, I was not blown away either.  It is certainly a beautiful production.  The water stage is well thought out and extremely audience-friendly; due to its circular nature, there is no bad seat in the house.  The performers are top notch.  The lighting is also tremendously well done and really sets the mood for this "dream" experience.
5	Best show in Vegas....Beautiful, Amazing, and Unforgettable
4	It was all but a dream.  Le Reve means the dream in French.  I don't know what to think of this show.  Don't get me wrong it was beautifully done.  The acts, the colors, the stage, the water, the scenes, the live music, the singing, the choreography but I'm still kind of perplexed about the storyline.  I think it could have flowed better. This show is produced by the same person who helped create "O" at Cirque Du Soleil so I am not surprised to see such resemblance between the two.  Both are completely different stories so you'll have to watch both to see for yourself.I do love the theater. The layout is intimate yet so close that any seat in the house will do unless you sit in the front row you might get splashed just a little.  The staff was nice and lead us to our our comfy seats. My only complaint was that there was not enough leg room for people to get by.Side note:  Flash photography is prohibited during the show.
3	Could be better...I left the show not sure what I saw.  It's like a cross between Cirque and dance recital.  Lots of cools effects, great stage and use of technology like Cirque minus the continuous storyline like a circus.  Supposedly a dream so maybe that explains it.  The acts very entertaining and the actors are in peak shape to be able to do what they do plus do it in water.  You sit there wondering how did they do that and don't they need to breathe.  But there may be too much stimulation as well as you are looking around to see what is going on and how it fits in with the show.  sometimes you have five acts going on at the same time and then they break in to a amatuer dance routine.  No bad seats but you would expect that from a circular theater with high prices.  Just sit back, admire the beauty and try not to think too much.  I didn't do that so I came out of the theater in a dizzy spell not knowing what i really saw.  I just knew it was visually stimulating.  I would choose a Cirque show over La Reve.
4	If I was on shrooms I would have freaked out!I kept thinking about the scene in "Knocked up" where the guys are watching a Cirque Du Soleil show.  Overall this was a very entertaining show.  My second time watching it now and I've been impressed both times.Seating:All seats are good really.  Can't complain...front row might get a little wet.  There is so much going on that you pretty much won't see everything, but will get the overall idea of the show.Pricing:Very reasonable priced.  Show:Very entertaining.  Great production and acrobatics.  The music, lighting, and action is amazing.  You really do feel like you're in some crazy dream.  There are many details that you won't catch the 1st time around.  The show itself is the perfect length of time...short enough to get your money's worth and long enough to not get bored.They do have a snack bar as well and you can snack on popcorn, soda, mixed drinks, and beer while enjoying the show.   Tip: Guys could be a great place to take a date if you don't mind her drooling over bald dudes with perfectly sculpted abs.  She will thank you later.
3	There is no question that the performers are amazing and that the stage and special effects are superb. One minute performers are falling 100 feet into a large pool at the center of the theater; the next minute an elaborate stage appears where the pool was. The strength and agility exhibited was startling.If I was again in Vegas for only a few days, which is about the most I can take, I would look for better Cirque or other shows. As amazing as the feats were, it got a little repetitive and all four of us thought it was a little too long.If you want to see it, check out the day of show 1/2 price booths as all performances were at half price. Too bad I paid full price!
4	With so many acrobatic cirque style shows in Vegas.. choosing one can get difficult!! If you ask Yelp's opinion of the various shows, you're only going to get 10 different answers on which is the best. You really need to think about your tastes, preferences, and what you're actually looking for in a show..Looking for something sexy (but weird)? ZumanityLooking for something with great music? LoveLooking for something with an actual storyline? KaLooking for something with acrobatics that your kids might like? MystereLooking for something artsy with water? O or Le Reve. Personally I found O to be a better show... my fiance prefered Le Reve. I honsetly think if I could get a deal on Le Reve (at half priced tickets, etc) I would choose this over O as they really are so similar. At the same price point I'd lean towards O.Le Reve does have the advantage as far as seating goes. There honestly is no bad seat in the house! I adored the circular stage and found the views to be awesome from my back row seat. My seats on the side at O however were nothing special and it was disappointing that all seats don't have a great vantage point.
5	Saw it last week.  Got the champagne lounge seating.  Up on top very comfortable seats with champagne served to you throughout the performance and chocolate covered strawberries.  Came with line pass to cut in lines or get in restaurants without reservations.  Got through buffet with it.  Restaurant said it would be an hour.  The show is really neat.  But like previous review.  Didn't get the story.  Then the random clown type guys in the white suits didn't fit in at all.  Overall good show incredible aqua acrobatics.
3	I actually saw O the night before I saw Le Reve and I probably shouldn't have done that because O was Way better!  Sorry.  I actually took a nap during the show.
5	i absolutely LOVED "LA REVE."  The theatrics, the costumes, the WATER ELEMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And talk about sweaty palms... there were a couple times when I could feel my palms getting all sweaty as I was watching these performers do their little stunts/dives/acrobatics.  AMAZING!
4	This show is very visually pleasing. I did spend the entire time, however, trying to figure out what was going on. The show is fun to watch with a lot of stunning effects and comedic entertainment. The wow factor is definitely high. So to sum everything up, go for the visual effects,dancing, and comedy, not for the story. You and yours might get a kick out of trying to figure out what it was about. If you figure it out please let me know XD -spoiler-All I know is that the girl lost her husband and fell asleep, than had a dream about random stuff.-spoiler-
5	I loved this show, I was in Vegas recently and I found out one of my friends actually dances in this show. I hadn't talked to him since high school. Apparently, he is one of the main dancers in this show. He gave us discounted tickets and even gave us a private tour afterwards. He showed us the dressing rooms and met the cast. The show itself was very interesting! The strongmen are amazing! They drop from ridiculous heights. The costumes are so spectacular. I love water shows!!!
5	This is by far my favorite!  I know its not technically a Cirque, but it might as well be.  The acrobatics are amazing, and literally made my jaw drop.  This show is the best one in Vegas!  AMAZING!
4	Water show, what can I say. I love it, specially when there are some nice looking chick diving from a moving platform. How nice Ya!!!, We were on the second row from the front not bad. Every act was very impressive through out the show.
5	Been to Vegas countless times, but never really seen any shows. However, I saw this one with the family awhile back and it was amazing! I've never seen anything like it. Just the detail, stunts, drama, choreography, costume, and acting put into this water show is something that will blow you away. I always pay attention to detail and this show was definitely an eye catching experience I'll never forget. It's like being in a dream.. Love it!
5	La Reve was an incredible show.  The colors, the sparkle, the music....   touched me.. The strength, the passion, the sensuality...   perfect.Seen all of the Circue shows except KA, which will be next on my list.I bought the soundtrack... I will remember this show.Highly recommend.
5	Loved the show! I was entertained from start to finish and I was able to understand the story.  I've seen a variety of Cirque shows in both LA and Vegas and this was a really great show.  I like the fact that I was able to see acrobatics both in the water and out. I also loved the dancing woven in throughout the show! I do think that the tickets were pricey, but I guess you can't expect anything less in Vegas.  With having the show in the round, just about every seat was a good seat. I would recommend this show to others who are Cirque fans!
5	This is my favorite Cirque show. I saw KA before and almost fell asleep.. don't know why. BUT La Reve nearly made me cry.. there's a love story :). The music is touching, emotional, and wonderfully composed. I regret not buying the soundtrack afterwards. The stunts are ridiculous. A MUST WATCH SHOW. FOR SURE!!!!!
4	**NOTE: Contrary to some reviews here, 'Le Reve' is NOT (I repeat, NOT) a Cirque du Soleil show! Yes, it's directed/created by Franco Dragone, so it is absolutely done in the same style as Cirque shows, but it is NOT a branded Cirque du Soleil show. Besides that? I did enjoy show - better than 'O', in my opinion, because of the proximity of the seats to the "stage". 'O' is set up in a more traditional "theater" layout - stage in front, all seats on one side. 'Le Reve', in comparison, is in a round theater that has the "stage" area smack-dab in the middle of the seating area. Besides the stage, the story was...well, interesting. It was, from start to finish, the dream of a girl (seemingly) in search of her man.The stage was impressive - quite spectacular - and the proximity to the stage actors just made it that much more intereesting and enjoyable. The stunts were amazing and the story (albeit slightly disjointed) did add an element to the theatrics.I wouldn't say I'd go see it again (something I would say for many of the ACTUAL Cirque shows), but I'd tell people who haven't seen it to check it out.
5	PERFECT.  This is Steve Wynn's one-up on Mirage's Cirque set of shows.  It seems to take elements of each of them and take it up a notch.  The theater is gorgeous (recommend sitting as high up as you can), the performances were among the best I have ever seen, and the effects/music/etc... were all perfectly tethered to the show.  All future trips to LV will include this show for me...it's a must see and a must see again and again I think.  HINT:  You can get a voucher at Circus Circus that saves you about $50 a ticket.  The kind lady at the Le Reve desk in Wynn tipped us off and I'm just passing that along.
5	Outstanding show! I didn't think anything could be as good as 'O,' but it was, just different. A must see!
3	Okay, so I guess (according to previous reviews) this isn't a Cirque du Solei show. The show is good but it didn't blow me away, maybe because I kept comparing it to the O show at Bellagio. It was really colorful though, which I enjoyed and overall, it was entertaining. The arena is pretty small and it's shaped in a circle. The cheaper seats are closer up so be warned: you might get splashed with water (you'll definitely feel some mist).
3	Hmmmmm...I am really on the fence on this one. I wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars because 4 stars is too much. In my opinion it comes up a little short, especially with acrobatics. All they do is dive and hang from the ceiling. If I wanted to see that, I would go see Greg Louganis strut around during the summer Olympics. There are some good parts like the two guys performing feats of strength, balance and control. Some funny parts and good dancing. O is definitely a better show but not by much.
5	This show is amazing! People who whine and compare it to O are just silly. This is an amazing show, and a totally different venue. This IS NOT even a Cirque du Soleil production. I almost enjoyed this more than O, but they are really different venues and thus different experiences. I really did enjoy the performers, they were not overshadowed like they are in O. They work their tails off and you are closer to them then the Cirque shows. This is also a much sexier show than I thought it would be! Scantily clad men and women jumping in and out of water... something for everyone! SEE THIS SHOW BEFORE YOU SEE KA OR O. It will seem like a smaller production if you see KA or O first. See Le Reve first and you will not fall into the trap that some less theatre savvy folks on here did - thinking a bigger proscenium theatre means a better show.
4	La Reve was a good show.  I loved it, but then I haven't been to any other Water show in Vegas...still have to see O.  Definitely exceeded my expectations which is why it gets 4 stars.  I recommend not sitting in the splash zone if you don't want to get water on you.  That's where we sat and the "nymphs" purposely splash water on you...which we were not expecting.  They giggled and swam away.  All in good fun.  Good show, great views from anywhere you sit pretty much.  A lot of diving.  And if you like snychronized swimming you'll like watching La Reve.
3	This show wasn't bad.  It's just not at all the best show in Vegas, and I'd recommend just about any Cirque du Soliel (except BeLIEve) over it if you can only afford one show.  I'm not a brand whore (at least I don't think I am), but the real Cirques are better than this sort of Cirque take-off.  First, the good!  Le Reve is a water show in a very small, intimate, circular theater.  There literally is no bad seat in the house.  Really.  I promise, I don't work for the show, no one paid me to say that.  In fact, the most expensive seats are the farthest away from the stage.  The theme of the show is a series of dream-like acts, following a girl who is (I guess) searching for love.  You'll see beautiful costumery.  The tango dancers are a nice touch, since they're dancing in completely wet outfits (no, not white t-shirts, you pervs) on the watery stage.  It gave the romantic idea of dancing in the rain.  That's really the only part that I really liked.  Things that other people might like:  People on strings spinning in the air; clowns with annoying voices dressed in white suits instead of colorful clown outfits; lots of almost nude bald men with tight bodies.So in other words, there are lots of sights to see in Le Reve.  The music, I'd say, is typical new-agey stuff, and didn't really stick in my mind.  Bad stuff?  I didn't like the clowns.  They weren't funny.  I wasn't really seeing amazing acrobatics as much as people on harnesses and rings spinning in the air.  I wasn't too too impressed with that.  Another thing is that Le Reve just seemed to be so happy to be in the water.  Some performers' only purpose was to splash water at people, people swished around in water to show off how much water they had, even the tango dancers I liked kicked the water around on purpose because gosh darn it, they liked water just that much.  I think many people will like Le Reve.  That being said, I think I'd recommend any Cirque show over it to people who ask my opinion.
4	I enjoyed this show so much I saw it twice.  This show has great music, interesting set changes, and some really amazing stunts.  I am a Cirque du Soleil fan, having seen quite a few of the productions, and this is one of my favorites.The first few rows are in a splash zone, but I didn't see anybody that actually got wet and I was just one row behind them the first time I went.  However, keep that in mind if you are taking a date or somebody who might dress up.Of course, this show is at The Wynn, which means you have great restaurant and entertainment options as soon as the show is over.
4	Having finally seen "O" and "ka", I feel that I can give a more objective/comparative review to "Le Reve"... I think Le Reve is definitely on par with "O", though the stage is small and more intimate. the central circular design made every seat a great one.. and the stage design hidden under the water even more challenging.. this show has more aerial moves and the costume and and body moves more smooth and beautiful. Especially, the high dive is very impressive. That's all I am going to say for now...   Beautiful ceiling design, the opening of the curtains surprised me to no end!Will consider watching it again in the future. ^_^
5	I loved the show.Watched it on a trip to vegas back in Sept 2008, and I'm still thinking about the show! Perhaps it's because I haven't had the pleasure to see O yet (which many people compare this to)Or perhaps, it's because that despite it's relatively "slow" moving pace of storyline (or, difficult to understand storyline) I managed to stay awake and was captivated for the majority of the show.The movements were graceful and elegant and I absolutely adored the stage design.
5	My friend and I almost didn't make it in time.I had been hungover ALL day... and I didn't even think I could make it to our 7p.m. show. But we did it!I just kept saying "wow", or "oh my god", or gasping constantly. It was visually amazing, stunning, glorious, everything!The main actress was so sweet and captivating, and all who participated are incredible athletes and deserve every ounce of praise they receive. It was definitely emotive too, well... maybe just for me? If things are really visually stimulating it affects my emotions and even makes me teary-eyed sometime. Definitely worth every penny... I was floored.
3	i didnt really like it too much.. it was okay.. i thought that there was way too much going on and i really didnt like that the girl in the red dress... i dunno.. shes weird... :)we sat at the shamu spash zone.. but i didnt really get that wet.. :)i deff want to watch the O show now~!!!
4	I'm starting to get a decent catalog of Cirque du Soleil shows under my belt, having seen Mystere, Zumanity, Corteo, Love, and now Le Reve.  While I very much enjoyed this show and would certainly recommend it to anyone who cherishes beautiful acrobatics, water, and incredible music and effects, "Le Reve" did not quite match Mystere, Zumanity and Love in my book.  Granted "Love" is a bit of a side-show as far as Cirque du Soleil is concerned since what makes it so awesome is the creative interpretation of the Beatles music.   I'm sure that if I didn't love the Beatles, the show itself would probably not do all that much for me.   Anyway... back to Le Reve:The stage is incredible.   The storyline is straightforward:  couple in love, proposal, woman falls asleep on a bed and enters a dreamlike state for the next hour.   That world is filled with wonder, amazement, water fire and air, and plenty of incredible acrobatics that left my wife saying:  "These people must have the best sex *EVER*!"   It's true that when you see those perfect bodies in unison   and harmony, you can't help but feel jealousy as you figure these people are probably more than qualified to perform the Kamasutra.All in all, guys, you'll probably dig this show.  Your wife or significant other will most probably love it and will be so turned on that you'll end up with having a most excellent evening no matter what, so check out "Le Reve" next time you're in Vegas!
3	This show is visually stunning and entertaining. It is very difference from any Cirque du Soleil show, and we felt Love was better. The plot was hard to follow.The show felt a bit dark and reminded me of the movie "The Cell" with J.Lo (check it out and you'll see what I mean). My husband felt that some of the acts were a bit "gay," but all in all we enjoyed it.
5	i was blown away by this show!its not a cirque du soleil production, and thank god for that!while i enjoyed some of them, they dont compare to this wonderful show by a mile!  it kept me fully captivated for the duration, and left me wanting for more after.  the music, costumes, stunts, intimate setting, and originality is out of this world.  its sad that people can actually compare it to O and say that it doesnt compare, and O being the best one ive seen from the cirque du soleil set in any case.  those who say KA is better......im sorry for your lack of artistic develpoment, and well....sanity.  A must on a trip to Vegas, def. still has me thinking about it and its already been more than a year. Def. recommend it!
4	Great Show! Pretty much every seat in the theater is fantastic. There was a lot going on in the show that my head & eyes kept constantly looking left and right.. up and down. I didn't really get the devil character though.. He seem to appear in between acts and throughout the show. Besides that, the show was very entertaining :D Tips: Check on Travel Zoo for deals. Don't pay full price. You can also get cheap tickets in Las Vegas at ticket stands along the strip.I also heard they sold La Reve tickets at Circus Circus for cheap.
4	This is a great show and I was thoroughly entertained the entire time.   Like most of all the other reviews mentioned, I don't think there is a bad seat; the stage was designed beautifully and I'm sure no matter where you sit, you will still get a great view.  My favorite part of the show was the two muscular men who showed off their spectacular skills by doing things I couldn't imagine was possible.  Was this my favorite show that I've seen in Las Vegas?  No, that would be the "O" show, but that's only my opinion.
3	Visuals were great, the different scenes looked cool, but nothing really wowed me.. just one part stood out with the two guys balancing, but I'd say O was much better for a water show. The seats were cramped, uncomfortable, and did not have cup holders.
4	Le Reve, means "The Dream" in french.  It's everything you would expect from Steve Wynn.Remember he's brought us such titillating delights such as "O" at the Bellagio (still my fave cirque show) the pyrotechnic spectacular at TI and the Mirage and now he brings us his latest water show in Le Reve.The show itself is a montage of imperfect dreams after a girl has a strife with her lover, the dreams in a sense bring her back to her love (wayne).One of the most powerful scenes in "Le Reve" evokes a cold, winter night. As snow falls, Wayne searches a city park for a friendly face, only to find nightmarish figures at every turn. Another scene celebrates the strength of the human body, as men begin climbing an enormous tree, swinging from branch to branch and launching themselves high into the air before falling back into the water.The theater itself lends itself to the intimacy of the show.  It is shown in "theater in the round" and unless you are sitting in the "splash zone" there really isn't a bad seat in the house.Tickets range from $99 for splash zone tickets to $149 for regular seats and if you want to be a true baller, you can go for the $179 VIP experience with larger seats (in increments of 2 only) a split of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries.The show is dark on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and it's like I said, a must see.
4	One star off is for a kind-of-hard to follow storyline and certain musical/song choices that are more lulling than fitting. But other than that...As many reviewers have said before me - all seats are good. Round stage, round auditorium, every seat can see all the action as they have three main stage 'entrances' that are all used in major story transitions. The tickets are also very decently priced compared to other big time Vegas shows like "O", "Love", etc. The performers are A-mazing in terms of their athletic prowess, fit bodies, and aerobic skills. The girls performing with their heads underwater for minutes at a time...major props. Very beautiful stage, setting, lighting. Could have used more special effects for the "coolness" factor (esp. fire), but no major complaints there. Recommended!
4	I took my 5 year old daughter and my father in law there during the swine flu season.  The place was empty and we got free upgrades.  The show was amazing.  The sets blew me a way and this was nothing like Mystere, the other Cirque de Solei show we saw.  There is always room for improvement but I think the set design and the amazing choreography are worth the $.
4	There really are no bad seats, that was my first big question so Ill just put it out there :)  Its a fairly small (for a casino) theater in the round, with no obstructed views. Farther away is better if you want to see everything.  Sitting close appears to get you a bit wet.  No clue what the story was but it was very entertaining nonetheless.  $285 for the second best seats in the house so look for deals if there are any.  We went all out since it was our honeymoon but this was essentially a Cirque show so you may be able to get a similar experience for less at another Casino.
5	Beautiful show! Locals! Le Reve offers local discounts! Call the box office for details :) A visiting friend and I saw the 9:00pm show together on a Monday night and it was absolutely magical. There is not a bad seat in the house. I actually prefer being a little higher up because you get the overall effect of the show. Also in the lower seats you're almost guaranteed to get splashed!
5	I've seen this show twice now and highly recommend it. Beautiful and entertaining with strong performers. Both times we've gotten deals through travelzoo for tickets under $100 each. As others have mentioned, there isn't a bad seat in the whole round theater. It seemed like the music is live and the combination of dance, acrobatics, and diving is really delightful.  The water adds a whole new level to this show and you would get wet in the first few rows for sure!
4	First off, I have seen three other shows so far, so I am trying to keep my bias tailored to each show individually.The show was a great show and getting the 50% discount for military makes it even better. We got $125 tickets for about $70 each. The atmosphere in the theater is amazing and very small and cozy. There is not a bad show in the house, so getting the cheapest tickets is what i recommend. You sit in a bowl and the cheaper your tickets the closer you are to the water. The VIP seats are at the top of the bowl and the furthest away. The performers were great and there is always SO much going on at one time it is hard to see it all. The lighting, water, smoke, and other effects were second to none. The only reason that I gave this show a 4 star rating is because of two small things.1. Cheesy acting. There are a group of actors that are part of the show that add humor to the show. They do a great job but I feel it really slowed down the show and didnt fit in with the calibur of a Cirque show.2. Cheesy/boring dancing. There are some parts of the show that it seemed as if they needed fill time and had dancers just doing salsa and other types of dancing. They were good at it, but it did seem to slow down the show and make me yawn a few times.For the price of the tickets, I think they could have stepped those two points up a bit or refined them.Other than that, the show was amazing. Very entertaining. Looking forward to seeing the last three Cirque shows while I am stationed here.Seating and view = 5Atmosphere and setting = 5TIcket pricing = 4Performers = 5Other = 4
3	Having seen KA first, I had high expectations for La Reve.  Long story short, KA blows La Reve out of the water.  La Reve  was good, but not great.  I have seen La Reve twice.  Though the two shows are completely different, KA was hands down a much better show.  I was offered a great deal for the show - 50% discount for Military/Federal Government, so it was worth it for the price.  The atmosphere in the theater is truly wonderful.  The theatre offers plush valour type seating - quite cozy.  I agree that there is not a bad seat in the house, so opt for the most economical tickets.  La Reve offers strong acrobatics, serene water diving, and an interesting plot.  Undoubtedly, the best theatre show seating in Las Vegas.  However, I've seen better.
5	This has been the  BEST SHOW THAT I EVER WITNESS!!strongly recommend and will worth the price tag.
3	If you love Cirque de Soleil for its exhilarating, high-energy choreography, daring acrobatics and dramatic sets, you may be disappointed in Le Reve like we were. Sure, the water set was AMAZING but the performers really didn't do that much but dance and let pully cords pull them up and down from the ceiling. I guess I expected insane acrobatics like Cirque and more dramatic costumes -- but they are in the water. The stage is really amazing, as I mentioned, and the hanging rope/fishing nets was the highlight for me. If you're secretly addicted to syncronized swimming, this is the show for you.
5	Hands down the best show i have seen in vegas.  I have seen a couple of the Cirque shows and a couple others and this one was absolutely breath taking.  The theater is beautiful with not a bad seat in the house.  Wonderful acrobatics.  I will go again!!!!
3	I liked, but did not love, La Reve.As others have mentioned though, that is probably because I had seen several Cirque shows before, both in Vegas and on tour.  La Reve is pretty to look at and very well done... and there are elements that I truly enjoyed but it just didn't hold my attention the entire time like a Cirque show can. What I did like was the somewhat dark and mysterious nature of the show in spots.  The opening with the craggy, industrial looking tree and the acrobatics that take place on it, is fantastic to watch.  Also the section with the angels (though some people have said "doves" but my first thought was angels) reminded me of what I would think an angel would look like.  Not that I am particularly religious, I'm not... I just don't buy into sweet and gentle nature of angels that is so commonplace.  With that in mind, that particular part of the show was kind of like a Revelations type descent from heaven come to life, for me.  It was pretty breathtaking.  Aside from that, because I am a dancer I love watching choreography of all forms and I love the demonstration of the human body and what it's capable of.  These performers are so strong, and so well rehearsed... it's really quite awesome.Would I go back and see it again?  No.   There really isn't a bad seat in the house, and it was worth my time.. I had wanted to see it for a while.. but all things considered I would prefer to see Ka next or go back and see Zumanity again.   YMMV.
5	this was my first show of this type and i absolutely loved it! all the acts were crazy. i didn't know people were capable of doing such things. the dancers - hot! hot! hot! everything was extremely well put together and executed to perfection. the storyline was a bit loose but still enjoyable. loved the 360 stage and the intimate theatre. every seat in the house had a great view. of course, it would have been cheaper, longer, and all that jazz but either way it was an amazing experience.
5	Awesome acrobatic stunts while wet! We got tickets from VegasTix4Tonight (something like that, there are two half price ticket outfits in Vegas, and only one has Le Reve tickets), they were about $80 for the splash zone. The splash zone is the first 2 rows (circular theatre without any view obstructions), we sat in the second row and did not get splashed at all....on a few occasions I felt some mist and a drop of water, but that was it. I don't think people in front of us got much more either. The view was great, I was worried that second row might be too close to the stage, but it was totally fine. Show is not playing on Tue and Weds so plan accordingly. Theatre was about 2/3 full on a Thu so getting tickets should not be a problem. The show is 1hr and 20 min, no intermission.As many of the other reviews have covered, the show is basically synchronized swimming, acrobatic diving, and acrobatic stunts set to music.  The stage is an engineering feat in itself and has platforms that rise to accomodate the different parts of the show.  The strengths of the show are the acrobatic and diving portions and the stage itself, while the weaknesses are probably the music and story which aren't that memorable.  However, you're paying to see a water acrobatic show, not Hamlet.Overall, I give the show 5 stars despite its limitations.  It is a spectacle that you are not likely to see outside Vegas.  I think those who give it fewer probably just had different expectations that the show failed to meet.
2	Sorry to say this but I was very disapointed!!! I give it 2 stars because of the physical aspects of the show, I was amazed at the strength these people!! But the story line sucked...kinda waist of money for us. So for all you 20 somethings out here looking for a great exciting show, don't see this one...sorry I wished it was good...................
4	Some very amazing feats! Not sure what the story was all about, but the stunts were jaw dropping. Tickets are a bit pricey. since the theater is a 360 the higher the seats the better the view.
3	Any Cirque du Soleil shows are guaranteed to be a spectacle-- and sure enough Le Reve was no different. As much as I enjoyed watching hot men with hard abs jumping into water at great heights, 75 minutes of it was more than enough. Honestly, they lost me 20 minutes into the show. Maybe I don't appreciate the art-- but I really didn't get the storyline at all! I understand it's suppose to be "A Dream" but a dream about what?! Hot men running around being hot? Fine, guess that's quite a dream.We sat in the splash zone and barely felt any splash! Any seat in the theater is a good one but if you're looking to save yourself a little cha-ching.. do the splash zone!
3	I saw Le Reve last night (12/6) at 9:30pm thanks to a friend of mine getting a 2-for-1 ticket offer in her race packet for the Las Vegas Marathon. I figured it would be worth going since she as getting a good discount. I think it is important to mention first that this is NOT a Cirque du Soleil show! It is like Cirque, but it is not an official Cirque show. I was impressed by the feats of strength by all of the performers. The stage is certainly unique and the theater is nice, but something was missing from this show. I felt as though there was not enough pop to it. I never felt the show came to a climax. Many times I felt as though I was watching the same routine multiple times. Basically the show consists of shirtless men flopping around in the water, some synchronized swimming, lots of people flying around on suspended wires doing acrobatics and other similar routines. I greatly respect and admire the ability of these people to perform these stunts, especially when the one guy did a one-handed handstand on top of another guy's head while he, too was standing. It's all amazing stuff, but I think what I failed to find was a story to keep me interested. I get that the basic story is a woman fell asleep and this is her dream, but it is a pretty strange dream. I'm not judging her dream, but surely she has had more interesting dreams that would be more interesting for large audiences!In summary, this may be better for the ladies because of all of the shirtless muscular dudes prancing around, and I did enjoy it to a certain extent, but I'm glad it was a discounted ticket.
4	Le Reve translates to "The Dream", the titular setting of the show, a trippy dreamworld of falling rains inhabited by fallen angels, a whimsical Pan, and a shaman of sorts.Encore Theatre's circular layout ensures a view no matter where you sit, and the central stage converts into a pool, filling with water for thematic effects. Haunting melodies, swooping acrobatics, and even synchronized swimmers make up Le Reve. Strange-but-charming humor punctuate acts, and there's a bit of sexy ballroom dancing. (My only gripe was the amount of tumbling work, which grew repetitive.)Those who loved Cirque du Soleil's "O" (especially the aerial stunts) may want to skip the show. However, Franco Dragone's Le Reve has dance routines, music, and water effects that can stand on their own; I can comfortably recommend this show, especially to those seeking a slower-paced evening.
3	Good show...yes because of the acrobatics and the amazing set.  Not a 5 star show in my opinion, don't pay full price if you don't have to...
5	AMAZING! I honestly think this show is better than 'O' One of my most favorite shows in Vegas :DThere's so much to catch, it would take several times to see everything.The water ballet is awesome, diving is crazy cool, beautiful costumes!!It's a theater in the round, so you sit all around the stage/pool.Very intimate feel, there really isn't a bad seat in the house.Get further back if you can (VIP seats are the last row, they include a TV on each seat)
3	I will premise this and say that it is okay for you to read my review as I very consciously avoided any spoilers.Le Reve is definitely something very different from what I expected. When people told me that I should be expecting water acrobatics, for some reason I was thinking about people skating or walking on water. Why I thought this was the case, I do not know. I don't question my logic (or lack thereof !).Anyways, so back to the review. Let me start off by describing the stage. When you enter the arena, you soon see that the stage is in the middle of the venue and it's a circular pool of water. I think that it's probably one of the most beautiful show arenas I've seen. When you walk in it puts you in a complete state of serenity and peace with the water gently flowing back and forth.My boyfriend and I managed to get front row seats (don't know how we got that because I didn't pay for the most expensive seats). They warned us about getting wet so I was a little concerned at first (decided to wear clothes that would not get ruined .... left my suede at home!). The seating is located around the pool and it feels much more intimate (as previous other reviewers mentioned) and I didn't mind that at all.What people don't tell you is that this show is one amazing combination of complex acrobatics and synchronized swimming. I think that had I had any training in either of those two fields, I would feel the difficulty and enormity of the show. Nonetheless, I thought the production was truly spectacular with the lighting, water, fire and performance. Things I didn't understand.... majority of the time the performers were just slapping the water or tossing it on the audience. I can understand that if they had worked it into the performance, but that didn't seem to have any spot in the story. Yes, if you're in the front row seat, you will get wet, but not soaked. It's like if you were standing next to someone who was tossing their wet hair back at you. By the way, what's with the baby at the beginning? Something I missed?I do not regret sitting in the front. In fact, I think that truly added something to the performance. You can see each person and their facial expressions as they do their stunts/acts. It's truly amazing seeing each muscle flex and quiver to accomplish mind blowing feats that I, an average person, can only dare to dream of doing.If you're looking for something different, you've should definitely see Le Reve. However, I have seen Cirque Du Soleil shows and I think that they are a little more awe-inspiring. This is not to say that the acrobatic feats are any less complex or amazing, but I just felt that the Cirque Du Soleil shows had a little more substance and was more.... cohesive if that is even the word to describe it. But all in all, a beautiful show. Would I go back to see it again? Probably not, but I don't go back to see many shows (even ones that I really really like). I gave this show 3 stars only cause I'm a pretty tough grader. 5 stars is something pretty mind blowing to me when it comes to shows. 3 is not a bad rating in my book but there are just that many things in Vegas that are better.
5	I have seen just about every show up and down the strip. BY FAR THIS IS THE BEST SHOW PERIOD. This blows O. I dont know why O cost so much. Le Reve is WAY better show and about half the cost. You should not miss this show when your in LV.
5	So far the best Cirque du Soleil show I've seen to-date.Water shows are actually much better than other productions. The theatre layout is circular which means regardless of where you sit, you'll have a great view. I don't recommend getting the cheap seats near the pool/stage since those are in the wet zone which translates to wet seats.If you can't afford going to 'O' at the Bellagio, Le Reve is a great alternative.
4	My friend and I went to the show New Years Eve. Our seats were the second row from the pool. The show had some wonderful dancing and the store line didn't make sense to me. A couple dancing and seemed like in love and then they were pulled apart. Then the story went a direction I didn't follow, the dancing and diving was wonderful. We thought that since we were so close to the water that we would get wet, we didn't. The decor was incredible too. I'd see it again.
2	What happened to this show makes me sad.  This show USED to be my favorite.  It used to be so full of heart, soul, beauty, depth and honesty.  It used to have a really wonderful spooky feel and emotional arc.Not technically a Cirque du Soleil show, it was developed by the capable hands of Benoit Jutras, who had done work with Cirque in the past.  He made it really wonderful.Then, two things happened: Wynn started to pander too much to focus groups, and spent multi-millions of dollars on lighting for the show.  Focus groups can be damaging: just because you don't like something doesn't mean it should be removed from a show (for example, we don't like villains, but we need them for a good show).  Basically, uneducated opinions (sounds pretentious, I know, but those without art structural backgrounds) ruined the show.  The lighting turned the show into the Bellagio fountains with some acrobats flitting all over it. Why do people believe we are so stupid that we only want movement and color?  That we don't need a plot, honesty, or heart?  Not even kids are that rudimentary.  It's insulting.Now, Le Reve is basically a wet Lite-Brite that has no teeth, heart or soul.  I'm really glad I got to see it before it was internally destroyed, but I am sad I can't share one of my favorite experiences with anyone else.:(
5	This a feast for the eyes. While the show may not have in-depth plot, it is very entertaining nonetheless. Let's face it, who goes to Vegas for the shows with deep meaning? I want to be amazed and entertained, and that is exactly what La Reve does. The talent is amazing, the scenery is beautiful, the costumes are gorgeous, and I also enjoyed the live music. This is one of my favorite Vegas shows, I highly recommend.
5	What a great show.it has so much artistry, skill, talent, and emotion. also lots of variety for all types.every seat is a close and good seat, I always prefer the first three rows. its great to be so close to the water. the music, lighting and set is superb as well.If you are going to see a "Cirque-ish" show on the strip you should go see Le Reve.
5	Finally I can confirm that this is pronounced like "REV" as in revving your engine.I have heard some people pronounce it as "REEVE"?But during the beginning of the show, that introduction voice in the ball says it as I mentioned above.Anyways, this was my first show to watch here in Vegas. It really is as spectacular if not more so, then all those advertisement videos you see throughout the strip. I really don't want to spoil anything, so I will just say you won't be disappointed if this is your first show.I must admit though I did not really get the story, BUT the visuals and acrobatics kept me entertained.As far as seating, I don't think sitting in the "SPLASH ZONE" really gets you that wet. I was looking throughout the show and you might get some droplets here and there, but not super soaking wet. The stadium is a great setup because it is in a circle. The action is all over. No matter where you sit, you will have a good view--unless the person in front of you has a huge afro or tall as hell.I say it is good for all ages, but a nice place to take your significant other. **YELP TIP**GET A GOOD BUZZ!! or whatever paraphernalia to make you in a different state of mind =)
2	First major show in Vegas, half off due to being a half marathon participant, I was excited (and tired) to see the show!  My co-workers and I gathered, got some drinks, admired the circular stage, laughed at the creature from the blue lagoon spitting water at folks in the front row, and then became very bewildered from there...The story line is a bit unfocused and hard to follow, never quite sure how the different actors/pieces fit into what was originally introduced as the girl's indecision to share her life with the boy or not....Some neat acts of strength, nice use of the stage and water arena, but all in all, this show just didn't impress me.  I think I was just expecting so much more from a Vegas show and had higher hopes than what was presented.  Again, a clear understanding of the storyline would've helped as well.Verdict:  Interesting show.  For a deeper discount, I'd consider going back, but even at half price, I'm not sure I'd be willing to watch it again or bring anyone that hasn't been there before.  Ah well.P.S.  This is not a Cirque du Soleil show, despite what many Yelpers have written.  It may have been in the past, but as of December when I visited, it definitely is not advertised as such...
4	This show is more serious than Mystere. The acrobats in Le Rev though was PHENOMENAL! The whole time we had our jaws touching the ground. The set up of the show was great, audiences are able to view the performers from anywhere they sit. This is a show I will definitely recommend!
5	Quite possibly the best show in Vegas. Every seat is a great seat, I opted not to get the VIP seating with chocolate covered strawberries and champagne. The regular seating is perfectly fine, I sat about 3/4 of the way up. It is a circular theater so every angle and view is good. The show featured a lot of the usual "cirque du soleil" esque type of acrobatics and stunts. I might catch some backlash for this but I preferred this over O! This is a must see show, so I hope anyone that plans on visiting Vegas, go see this.
3	Having been dragged to vegas pre-21, I've had the privilege of watching a lot of the shows in vegas. I have to say this one was not all that impressive compared to others. The things I did like were; 1. The circular stage. I thought it was nice that anywhere you sit, you get a good view of the show. 2. If you stay at the Wynn or Encore they give you the $125 tickets for the $99 price. 3. Some of the acts were pretty cool. Some of these performers have to be so incredibly strong to do what they are doing and it's impressive (although u can see similar things at cirque de soliel shows)Things I didn't care for:1. The story was really bad. Basically there was no story. It was really difficult to follow and it let me wondering half the time, what are they trying to tell us?2. Besides some impressive stunts, the overall show was only blah. I didn't leave there thinking WOW that was AMAZING! Sometimes I thought there was too much going on and would of been better if they did less. I think whoever put this together got too caught up with the concept of... this is vegas so the show better be big and glittys and more is better. (sometimes less is better!!)Overall I probably wouldn't go back to see this show again. I don't think it's worth the money a second time. If you haven't seen it though, it might be worth checking out. I did have a few friends that did enjoy the show but I dont' think anyone was blown away by it.
3	Disclaimer: I saw La Reve the day after I saw O, so that's probably why I was really unimpressed. It honestly felt like a cheap ripoff of Cirque de Soleil, particularly O. The water theme wasn't done as well as O, and the performers were less mind-blowing. The story was just...weird without the fantastical imagery and child-like imagination of O. I liked the concept of the 360 stage, but whenever there wasn't an ensemble cast on stage, you couldn't really see much. Also, some scenes were kind of raunchy so I'd bring kids to a different show. Valiant effort by Wynn, but it definitely falls short of expectations.
4	There are so many Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas, but this time we decided to watch Le Reve.  Le Reve is like a Cirque Du Soleil show but with water, lots of water.  To save money, we purchased the least expensive ticket, which is in the first row.  Usually first row tickets are the most expensive.  But for Le Reve, there's a chance that guests in first two rows might get wet, so the tickets are cheap.We did got splashed, but only very little bit.  It really wasn't bad at all.  And we got to see the performance so up and close.  I love it that we can see the performers facial expression.  As we were waiting for the show to start, we saw a "lizard" swimming in the water.  Oh oh.... I think he noticed that I was taking pictures of him.  He swam right up to us, and splashed water on us..... haha....No camera during the show.  We really enjoyed the show.  Lots of amazing acts.  We thought this show was better than Mystere, which we saw last time.If you are interested to see Le Reve, I highly recommend getting the first row seats.  Not only you save money, it is really a lot of fun to watch the show that close!
5	This was my first Cirque De Soleil show in Vegas and I had such a great time.  It was so cool see this show that was in The Wynn because we were staying at Encore.  We literally got dressed came downstairs for the show and then went to XS next door after.  Worked out perfectly. I would suggest to always get the earlier 7pm show because then you can just go out after!This was such an intimate theater and the seats were so comfy!  With the price you pay for the ticket it def should be luxurious.  We had mid level seats as to not get splashed on during all the of the water scenes and it was about 150 a person. We got the popcorn and champagne there and felt so elegant as well.  This is something you should def get dressed for.  Everyone is in their nicest going out clothes. So the show itself is very romantic.  It follows a very beautiful lady and her handsome man.  Through the dream sequences and them trying to be with each other is beautiful music, dives, and water acrobats.How do they hold their breath for that long!  Its all so impressive.  The costumes are amazing and its the perfect show for groups or with a date. Loved it!
5	Ah-mazing!  La Reve brings you to the edge of your seat and makes you wish it didn't end.I have seen Cirque De Soleil shows around the country and would return to La Reve without questions asked.  If you've never been, save your change and plan ahead!  Shows sell out and tickets aren't cheap.Dress your best because it's a fancy affair.  Grab your date and a drink before you enter this 90 minute show.  You'll hear "ooohs" and "ahhs" as people are amazed with the acrobats and mind-jumbling tricks.  Water, fire and lightning entice your eyes and the storyline captures your heart.  I think my favorite item to remember during the show is each moment is live.  The music, the singers and of course, the dancers, are all performing just for you and your show!  (Still amazed the muscians and dancers are so on point!)
5	"La reve? La rave? La re veh? HOW DO YOU PRONOUNCE IT?"Cirque shows are so unique that i dont know how anyone can give them anything but 5 stars (though they can be pricey, and your view can be blocked by someone's massive head, or hair, wasn't the case for this show).  Before this show starts and you're sitting the dimly lit, slowly filling auditorium, the decor is very reminiscent of the movie Avatar, which awesome because they get the effect using lighting and design ... really cool.
5	I've watched this for free ( perks of being a local) , several times, 4 times to be exact. I would pay for this show though knowing what it entails. I find the themes beautifully done and the show all a visual treat. Le Reve means the dream and it takes you on this girls journey into her dreams...the light and the darker places and of her love that comes in her dreams. Performing live is hard enough, but adding water takes it to a different difficulty and many kudos to the people who are in the show. I'm a nerd for the details and just thinking about how much effort, practice this takes and how much maintenance has to do to keep the water stage functioning makes my head spin. Just a note: it is NOT a Cirque Du Soleil production as many people believe it to be. EVERY Cirque is labeled Cirque Du Soleil under the main title, this is simply Le Reve with a Dragone logo. Many people performing here are Cirque alums and the style is similar because Franco Dragone who made this show also has had a big hand in creating most of the Cirque shows. So its a Dragone production who also created Mystere and O shows here in Vegas for Cirque Du Soleil..
4	BEAUTIFUL & AMAZING!  It's a show I'll never forget!!!  It was one of the best shows I've ever seen.
5	Came here with  my baby for his birthday show and this was my very first Crique(like) show... I was totally blown away with the ability of these guys and girls to do these specticular performances and actions! I would so fall on my face even trying 1/100 of what they did!!Totally worth the price and had a great GREAT time... btw the VIP section is great but honestly save your cash and get the $129 middle row seats.. saves money and you are still very closeRemembe unlike other seats.. higher up is better
5	Just a note, Le Reve is NOT a Cirque du Soleil production. It's very similar and there are many acts that will make you go "oooooh" and "ahhhhh." For you ladies who enjoyed 300 not for the action but for the cut up dudes, then you'll definitely enjoy Le Reve. A friend once told me, "Put the Troy dvd on and your girl will be warmed up." If you are in Vegas and got the Benjamins, then take your girl to Le Reve. She'll be more then warmed up for you after this show. Don't worry fellas, there's eye candy in the show for you too. The main blonde actress is quite attractive and sexy.The encircled stadium is not huge or overly massive, so any seat in the house generally has a nice view of the stage that is centered in the middle. I do recommend the mid to higher seats so this way you won't have to continuously break your neck to see all the stuff that is happening high above your heads. Also, the seats here are comfortable and cozy. The size of the stadium makes the show seem a little more exclusive.Le Reve only ran for about an hour and twenty minutes. I recommend this sexy and at times, humorous show to everyone. It ranks highly in my LV shows to watch. Great entertainment in an awesome atmosphere.*golf clap* - Bravo.
4	Extremely well executed show.  Excellent use of the theater for 360* action, a dramatic water stage and constant use of the full height of the theater for jaw-dropping physical feats.  I liked the focus on scenes that only involved a small number of performers; it was easy to watch their physical strength.  A beautiful theatre, too.Very highly recommended.Note: saw this Dec 2009.
3	It wasn't as boring as KA, but there were moments I wanted to hang myself.  Also, there isn't a bad seat in the house since it's a small, circular theater.  The suspended ball act was great.  However, I don't know if the show is worth $100 a ticket.
3	Seems to want to be O. But it did have good effects, music and talented artists. However, the actual story is lacking coherency and things aren't as stemless as a Cirque show.
5	I've lived in Las Vegas since 1993 and have seen many shows.  My wife and I had the opportunity to see Le Reve recently and I was blown away.  The centrally located stage was amazing.  The acrobatic performers were mesmerizing.  I thought the music and choreography were excellent as well.We sat 5 rows from the action and I don't think it was any better or worse than other seats in the theater.  The seats were very comfortable and you had plenty of room.  If your are taller, you may have a slight issue with leg room, but that's pretty standard for Vegas showrooms.I highly recommend this show to people visiting Vegas.
5	One of the best shows I've even seen in my life.La Reve is at the Wynn.  It means "the dream" and I thought the show stays true to the title.  It was abstract and open to interpretation, personally left me breathless and inspired when I left the show.  The dancers were beyond amazing, their musicality was top notch and the choreographies were one of a kind.The stage was so cool, it can be "closed" to make grounds for the performers to dance on, or "open" for them to do water choreographies and diving stunts.  The costumes were so well thought-out, it highlighted the performer's strength as well as their elegance.  I was mesmerized and captivated throughout the whole show.Kinda pricey but well worth it.  I would highly recommend this show to anyone anyday.
5	Best all around Cirque performance! Performed in the round with water light, smoke and some fire effects. Motion high, low and all around not a bad seat in the small venue house but best is about halfway up on one of the aisles by the towers because performers go up and down right there and interact with the audience. It was a great show!
4	Many of us are aware of the story of Steve Wynn and Le Reve - that it's not a Cirque du Soleil production, but rather a Franco Dragone one which Wynn later bought the rights to so he could make his own little changes.You can obviously tell when you watch it that it's not a Cirque du Soleil production - from the sense of humor, to the music, to the style of movement. They're all still incredibly talented and incredibly beautiful. It's refreshing, really................ except for the comedy, which is relative.When I had only seen two of the Cirque type of shows - Le Reve was my ULTIMATE favorite. After seeing the others... I'm ashamed to say, I fell prey to the worst thing one could do with shows like this - adjust their personal standards and allow desensitization. I know of many people who prefer Le Reve to O... and I'm not one of them.Le Reve is a must-watch and comes third in my list of Cirque & Cirque-like shows in Las Vegas, but if you could only pick two... I stand by Ka and O.__________________________________________If I could do it all over again, I'd save the best for last and do it in the following order: 1.) Zumanity, 2.) Mystere 3.) Love, 4.) Ka, 5.) Le Reve, 6.) O - Haven't seen Elvis or Believe, but I'd bet they'd go well either before/after Love.
3	Le Reve was an okay show, but the decor itself is breathtaking from beginning to end.  I agree with Misti Y--I think there are those will love Cirque shows and not this show, but that's a whole other talk post.Breathtaking scenery but a story line that isn't that entertaining is what this show is made of, in my opinion.  The stage actually had malfunctions the night I went, so it wasn't easy to stay into the show when things broke down all night long.  Although the idea is beautiful, it didn't carry over into real life well.Despite it's lack of true flair that it strives to steal from the Cirque shows, it's a nice try and something you may want to see just to see the beautiful theater, otherwise you may want to use that money toward another show.
4	Ditto for all the other accolades, and more.I was expecting a Cirque Soleil rerun and was treated to a mindblowing aquatic performance of blooming mutant flower balloons, pulsatingly sensuous dancing,  lithe muscular bodies jumping, twisting, somersaulting, breathtaking dives, performers swimming in and out of water like human fish--all against the backdrop of the theme of accepting love. Love is expressed through overloading your senses with gorgeous color and lighting, physical strength and exquisite precision, and the beauty of the human and natural form.  I think it's been years since I saw O, and my atttention then was more on my heartthrob date than on the show, but my recollection is that O had a more whimsical and charmingly wacky humor to it that is missing in Le Reve.  In fact, there is all drama, intensity, and color, but little humor in this rather American version with the French name--not that they didn't try, but the comic relief was awfully lame and really should be deleted like a computer button.  I loved the show and was stunned by it, but in the end couldn't quite match it to the overall entertainment of Cirque Du Soleil.
5	Worth every $ spent watching this awesome show! The splash area wasn't so bad. Its the cheapest seat in the house and its all the way down  near the pool/stage. I liked it because I was up close and up front with the performers.The show lasted for 75mins and it left me wanting for more !!! A must see when you are in vegas!Tickets are not available at the TIX42nite discount tickets.
3	Received two tickets to Le Reve as part of an Encore hotel package. A few friends had mentioned to me that this show was very entertaining and with free tickets (which was all the better) I was very excited to see the show.I liked the inventiveness of the seating arrangement. The stage is at the center of the auditorium and the audience sits around the stage instead of in front of it. Despite this, my husband and I complained about how the seating felt very cramped. We are not large people, but our seats were in the middle of the row and kind a pain in the neck to get to. Just seemed like we kept knocking into people.My husband I both agreed that we were impressed by the beautiful costume design, props, and some of the apparatuses used during the performance, but there were some flaws. Although we were impressed with the physical prowress of some of the acrobats, some of the routines seemed very mundane. I admit that I am partial to Cirque shows (have seen Ka, Zumanity, and O in Vegas), but I was also disappointed that the music did not play a more integral role in Le Reve. I would recommend this show if you can get a deal or get the tickets as part of a hotel package, but not worth it if you pay full price.
1	Biggest letdown I've ever gotten from a Vegas show.  I WANTED to like it.  I TRIED to like it.  I didn't like it.  I didn't like the costumes, the music, the use of water, the action...  I did like that the audience wrapped all the way around the stage.  So, I guess if they put a different show on the stage, I might be able to like it.
4	We got comp tickets to the show and it was amazing. The only other Cirque show I've been to is Ka, and this was very different. The theatre is very intimate and rounded so everyone has a good seat. The aquatics and aerials were incredible, especially when you're so close you can see their muscles with each move! I would definitely recommend this show to anyone who wants to see something really over the top that you won't see anywhere else.
4	one of the best show's i've seen in vegas. Instead of just being a "new age" circus act, this show had a plot and a story line associated with the show. I've seen many shows in vegas and this is definately one that I would recommend to other people. we sat in the VIP area and had monitors of the underwater action which was pretty amazing. the seats were comfortable and spacious and the chocolate and drinks were perfect.
5	comparing o with le reve i have to say the stage is better at le reve.. but both shows are great..if you haven't seen a cirque de soleil show these two are the best
4	The show was beautiful in that "what the hell is going on" that cirque de soleil is so famous for.  The production was definitely very well thought out and you'll find yourself thinking "holy sh*t how did they do that??" more than once.I really loved that the theater was round and the stage was in the middle - basically there are no bad seats.The acrobatics were incredible and the music was amazing.  However, $150 is a bit pricey.  We saw it with the reduced price of about $110 and I think that's a decently fair price to pay for the production.Ka is still my favorite but this was definitely not too shabby.
3	A little tough. I'm a big fan of Cirque de Soleil, and since this is a generic version of sorts (maybe for Encore to avoid paying Cirque) it doesn't have nearly the creative slant of the Cirque formula. We went to see Love (the Cirque Beatles thing at the Mirage) the night before which was fantastic, unfortunately, La Reve paled in comparison. For the same price, go see a Cirque show.
4	My school was giving out tickets so I snagged 2 tickets and saw the show that night, great experience but I really didn't get the storyline and because of that, the transitions from scene to scene were flippin' confusing... It's about dreams or something but I wasn't able to do my research, as I heard about the show the same day I got the tickets, headed to work, then went to the show... I couldn't pass up free tickets just because I didn't do my research! It's a huge circular theater and you can see everything from any angle and they utilized the entire stage. I really liked that the fact that the person 12 rows ahead of me and I had practically the same view and experience. You didn't' know if they were coming from above behind you or from underwater! The water stage disappears and reappears. The performers costumes were awesome and waterproof! I loved the synchronized swimmers, I'm not and advanced swimmer, so I was really intrigued since they can hold their breath for a long time and there aren't many synchronized swim shows so it's really interesting to me lol. So I enjoyed the show and even more so after I saw how much tickets are! I got my tix for free, as I said, but if it came down to watching the show and having to pay for it... I don't know if I'd be as generous with my rating.
4	Le Reve was an amazing show!  I'm glad I had a heads up from a friend who saw it before that the story is about the lead character's dream. That made it make a little more sense.  As you might imagine with a water show, the theater is very humid, but I'm not sure that can be helped.  The performers were amazing, as were the costumes, acrobatics, diving and swimming.  It's a little easier to follow (not as much going on) than "O", but "O" is still the coolest thing I've ever seen in my life.  This was REALLY good.  Tickets are a bit pricey, so see if you can get a discount, comps or a package deal, but it's TOTALLY worth your time to go check out this show.
4	Awesome Show. FYI My first Vegas show so please keep in mind I have nothing to compare it to but I have to give my opinion. Beautiful scenery, cool music, great costumes truly a cool show to take in. The layout of the auditorium allows for a great view from any seat. Highly recommended.
5	MOST AMAZING SHOW I HAVE EVER SEEN!  We splurged and purchased the VIP service which came with plush seating, bottle of champagne and chocolates.  Totally worth it!!!  There was also a TV screen with "behind the scenes" looks and underwater shots which was totally cool.   Loved it!
4	This show is great and has some of the highest death defying jumps ever. The story line is easy to follow as long as you make it to the show on time, if you don't you're screwed but the acrobatics are still amazing. Awesome show that gives cirque a run for the money.
5	This was a beautiful show and definitely worth my money.  Best part--you can buy the cheapest ticket and have great seats! There is no bad seat in the place and the set-up was impressive.  The performances were amazing and breath-taking. I could definitely watch this show again and buy the cheapest seats because it's not worth it to splurge the extra money for the more expensive seats when your view and experience is the same.
5	i love love loooove this show.  I've seen it 3 times and I want to see it again!  It is just so beautiful and visually stunning. Not to mention some incredible stunts.  I feel that Le Reve has an artistic and creative appeal that other cirque shows don't have and really touches you.   It is all very dreamlike and i feel like that is what this show is about.  Le Reve literally means "the dream".  I dont feel like there needs to be a distinct storyline.  You can interpret how you want to and use your imagination!
5	Stunning Show!I have not  gone to many shows, but this one is incomparable left me speechless.
2	These reviews are really trippin me out. One word sums up what I think about this show......."WHACK"!!!!Seriously, the only reason why I didn't walk out was because it was already done.  The storyline was slow and boring.  Sorry to everyone that loved this show, but for the money I expected more.  The only exciting part was when they dived in from various heights.  I thought Mystere was a better show.Again, no pun intended to people who loved the show.  Just my opinion.
5	My favorite of all. You must see Le Reve if you're visiting Vegas, and you will not regret a penny.It's a beautiful and amazing water show that anyone of any age can enjoy. Next time I'm taking my entire family with me.
5	Like a dream :o)My bf got us Vip tickets that came with champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries and a screen to view the dancers and acrobats back stage and under water, so you could see how deep they dive into the water when they dive from so high up! The silver ball thing they danced inside of + on top of + lifted was really cool!! The dancers were lovely +very talented.  One of my 2 fav shows i've seen in Vegas. The tickets were like 400 but worth every penny!
3	For the life of me I couldn't find a yelp listing for La Reve without some attachment to the Wynn hotel or the Encore.Sure they give these ticks away as promotional items, but every Cirque show should deserve it's own place, right?Anyhoo, I thought La Reve was entertaining, but didn't have the majesty of O or the power of Mystere.  Better than Zumanity though.A couple of kind and informed Yelpers (Thanks Lily D & Jessie B)  alerted me to some incorrect information about the show.  First, I spelled this show incorrectly - it's Le Reve.  And it's apparently not a Cirque production, it was just created by the guy (Franco Dragone) who had done some cirque shows in the past.Now you know...and knowing is half the battle...
4	Cirque du Soleil crew obviously hires some freaky talented people. La Reve, located at the Wynn, was great!  It didn't WOW me as much as the other Cirque shows that I have reviewed before.  I even fell asleep for a few minutes during the show.  It's on the romantic, dreamy side.. obviously since the title itself is La Reve which is The Dream ;)  Great effects: aerial, water, lights!  Oh! and ofcourse, the stage is beautiful!!!
4	We decided on Friday night to go and see Le Reve, and thankfully they still had good tickets available for the 7pm showing.  The performers are amazing, and I can't get enough of the synchronized swimming and acrobatics.  I agree with the other post, it's not as good as O or Mysterre, but was entertaining and we still had a great time.  We got a 'buy one get one free' deal', and I felt it was worth the money.
5	Fantastic !! Don't miss it .. One of the best things to do on the strip..
5	La Reve is a weird dream. Yet fantastic and dazzling. Don't look for a story, just enjoy each moment. Don't blink!
4	I saw Le Reve 2 years ago, but I still remember it!  Since then, I've seen several other shows including Ka and O.  I remember someone at the discount ticket office recommending Le Reve to us.  I ended up buying the tickets directly from Wynn.  I don't know if it was the preparty shots we had in the room, but we all thought the show was FANTASTIC!  It's a much smaller venue with seating in a circular fashion around the water.  I love cirque du soleil shows...so I was a bit skeptical on whether Le Reve would be any good (since it is NOT a cirque show), but I was blown away.  It was sooooo good.  I highly recommend this show to all my friends. I wouldn't even mind seeing it again, but in the champagne zone (which includes a bottle with strawberries and closed circuit TV for underwater action).I originally wanted to see O because everyone has been telling me it's so good.  I saw Le Reve first, then O.  I personally LOVED Le Reve but only liked O.  I thought Le Reve was so much better.  Others thought O was better than Le Reve.  I guess to each his own!  I liked Le Reve better because the seating was much closer and the show was much better. When I was watching O, I couldn't help but compare it to Le Reve and I thought O was boring compred to Le Reve. But then again it could've been the shots! LOL
4	Saw 'La Reve' in January when some friends came to visit and wanted to hit up a show. I read some reviews online and decided that this one would be a good one. We got tickets and were seated front row. Beware, if you are front row you will get splashed and will get wet. I assumed this when I found out it was a water show and therefore, unlike the girls seated behind us who complained about getting wet at a water show, I was not shocked. The show was entertaining and most of the performers just blew my mind! The only real complaint I had, and this is getting picky, is that the ballroom dance sequences/dancers were only so-so. Coming from a ballroom dance background, I expected a lot more from them. Other than that, the show was great!
5	One of my favorite shows in Vegas.  This show combines acrobatic moves with high dives and water choreographed moves.Similar to Cirque shows, this show features a ton of amazing acrobats who's skills amaze me every time.  The room is circular and the stage in the center of the room rotates so that there really isn't a bad seat in the house.As usual, I didn't understand the story line of the show....I paid attention to the flips & dives and crazy one handed balancing acts.  If it wasn't for that kind of action, I'd probably fall asleep.  The colors and use of the entire room as a stage is pretty amazing too!The only downside to this show is that the Garth Brooks theater is right next to it and can get congested before showtime.Will I return?  You bet I will, it's in my Top 5!
4	my first show in Vegas and I'm so glad it was Le Reve! although I expected it to be a lot bigger, you still get a beautiful view of the full stage no matter where you sit. I LOVED the music and the cast. I LOVED all the colors and acrobats. I felt like I was experiencing a crazy dream. this show really made me appreciate performing arts. the water setting made this show 5x better!! I really can't wait to go see O, this show really set the standard!!
4	This show is like Alice in wonderland except Alice is on crack and there's water, fire, and a whole crap load of crazy acrobatics in the air, diving in the water, and cirque de soliel type of stuff.   The colors are amazing.  You will be asking yourself if someone slipped you something in your drink because you will feel like you are drugged, I shit you not.
5	Fantastic.  One of my favorite shows in Vegas.  I think O is still my #1 favorite - but this definitely took a lot of elements from my favorite Vegas Cirque shows.  Being that the creative director of this show is the same guy that created quite a few of the Vegas Cirque shows, I'm not surprised. I just kept thinking - he took the best parts of each Cirque show.Water is a huge part of this show - hence why the seats up front are cheaper.  If you sit there, you will get wet.  But for a show like this - with a lot of aerial elements, it's better to sit further up in the sections.  Otherwise - you could find yourself with some neck pain afterwards.  It's a circular stage - so any section is decent viewing.
5	Well, this was my first show experience in Vegas and it was AWESOME.No words could describe how much I loved this show! Let me sat that when they first started, I cried.lol After I got over the excitement I was just in awe of everything in this show.The performers, the decorations, sound effects, everything was GREAT!We were a couple rows down form the V.I.P. section so it was good.We could see everything.This may be confusing to some because there was so much going on in the show that you turn around and you see somethig else.The flexibility of the performers, the daring dives and drops they did in mid air were scary but so nice to see.I would definitely go see this show again.
2	A friend brought me here for my birthday, but unfortunately, I loathed this show!  It was extremely boring and the story is absolutely confusing with people simply swimming/jumping to and fro.  The acrobatics are not as good as Cirque nor is the ambiance.  Cirque is to Disneyland as Le Reve is to Legoland.
5	I loved this show!  I can only imagine this is what heaven would look like.  Simply beautiful!  The theater is amazing, not a bad seat in the house.  I prefer this over O because it is more intimate, and you are right on top of the stage.
5	I have watched several Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas including Mystere at the Treasure Island, Ka at the MGM and "O" at the Bellagio. Hands down, I think that this is the best Cirque show. The circular showroom is ideally built for this water show and I don't think that there is a bad seat at all. The show is mesmerizing, great lighting and music, action filled without any boring moment compared to the previous Cirque shows that I have seen in the past. if you are in Las Vegas and trying to decide which Cirque show to watch, pick this one, you will have a great time and you won't be sorry.
3	This show was a bit dull. It wasn't bad, I was just looking at my watch several times throughout the whole thing. It is alot of watching people dance and getting pulled up and down on ropes. My husband seemed to enjoy it more than me, but I was expecting more than what it was.The only really, really good part was that we had reversed the VIP seats and had excellent service from our waitress.
4	This was a pretty awesome Monday! I was invited to see this show after work ...I only had 30 min notice. This is why I love living in Vegas you never know what your day will turn into. I've been wanting to see this show forever so of course I skipped my late afternoon nap for this. This is the first Vegas show I've been to that's been so visually stunning. I've seen Mamma Mia that had great songs but you really had to use your imagination when it came to the set. I've also seen We Will Rock You before the show went dark and that had more intricate props but not as detailed as this.I loved how this show incorporated water into their stunts. There was this one part where all you would see  are these ladies feet with red heels  come out of the water and do like a synchronized swimming routine. It seemed that they were under water for such a long time ...I just kept wondering how can they go on for that long. The whole show was beautifully and elegantly done. Every seat in that venue is a good seat there is something going on where ever you look even in the aisles. The stunts were amazing especially the huge drops from the ceiling. I'm glad after all these years I finally got to experience this!
5	This show is fantastic!!   One of the best shows I've seen in Las Vegas.   This is the second time I have seen this show.   Once a few years ago, when it first came out,  and now last week.   They have really improved it quite a bit.   This show is a such a spectacle and extravaganza of beautiful acrobatics, costumes, stage decorations and music.    Will keep you interested from beginning to end.   Just to let you know this is NOT a Cirque Du Soleil show as some previous reviewers have stated.   It was conceptualized by Franco Dragone who was also the writer and director of "O."    I did also get a chance to see Cirque Du Soleil's   "O" show at the Bellagio and this show is much, much better.  (see my above review of  "O.")  As other reviewers have mentioned there is not a bad seat in the house.
4	Great Show! Must See! I've seen the show twice now and it's fabulous, there is no bad seat in the house. They have the deluxe package with champagne and special seats... not sure if that's worth it, though you can view the video of what's going on under water. Only downside is that your seat is at the top of the theater. There really is not a lot of splash, maybe a spritz of water, so I would take advantage of the splash zone discount.
5	Lost monies $$$$ gambling :'(   Feeling poor and depressed we wandered over to Tixs 4 Tonight.  They had plenty of cheap seats for Le Reve.AWESOME show.  They have circle seating so everyone has a good view anyway.  I love the colors and water theme to the show.  It's better than the similar "O" Cirque De Soliel at Belagio.  O is a lot more expensive and often sold out.Needless to say Le Reve was great and put a smile on my face for a few hours.  It temporarily made me forget how light my wallet was.
4	Amazing. I really liked this show because it's very different from what I expected. I've seen other Cirque shows but this is the first one that I've seen with high dives and water choreography. Don't get me wrong, the tickets are rather expensive, but it's definitely worth it. Only minor gripe I have about the show was at some points it got really boring and repetitive. I know you can only do so many amazing tricks and dances in an hour and a half but some parts were just plain boring. Overall though, this was a really great show and I was left speechless.
5	I originally planned on seeing O at the Bellagio but it was sold out (note: book your tickets ahead of time!) so the bf and I ended up seeing Le Reve at the Wynn Theater... IT WAS PHENOMENAL! We sat in the 2nd row where tickets were only $99 compared to the rest of the seats. We were so close we could reach out and touch the performers if we wanted. Can I just say how AMAZING their bodies are?! MUSCLES MUSCLES MUSCLES. Their dancing and acrobatics were of course amazing, too! Won't go into too many details since so many other reviews did, but let me just say that the show was the highlight of our trip and worth every penny. My bf even wanted to see it AGAIN the following night. Yeah, it was that good. Finally, I didn't realize until the end that the music and singing, which were equally as phenomenal as the aquatics and aerials, were LIVE. I had no idea! Just assumed it was piped in. Knowing this now makes the show even more amazing!
2	This was my first show in Vegas. After reading the reviews here I had high hopes that it would be better than Cirque, but less expensive. Unfortunately, I came away disappointed.Granted, the costumes were beautiful. The performers were beautiful. And the set changes will have you scratching your head trying to figure out how they did it. But there's only so much acrobatics that can be done given that there's a large pool of water below and the performers are all wet. Being dropped into the water from 80 feet up is about as complicated as it got.The first hour of the show was ok, but toward the end the music got monotonous and the performers were dancing more than doing acrobatics. I began to nod off.I'd like to see a Cirque show some day, but I'm a bit concerned now. If this was *better* than Cirque, and I thought it was merely OK, what will I think of a real Cirque show?
5	This show was amazing, well worth the money. As a note, it really doesn't matter where you sit, but I do suggest somewhere in the middle of the section. Don't sit too close, the water might splash you.The story line was interesting, but what was amazing were the performers. They are very talented and unbelievably flexible and dropped dead  awesome body especially the men :-). Dude the men looked like statues!!! One of my favorite scene was the two men performing all these acrobatic movements.I would definitely suggest this show and the cost of food and alcohol were very reasonable price.
4	I will first disclose that I already like this show because it is housed in Wynn and though I stayed at Encore, I had 2 free tickets as part of my welcome package with Encore/Wynn. Free things are always experienced a little better in my opinion so this disclosure is that I may be biased since the show was free. That said, what a beautiful mish-mash of all the Cirque shows I've already been to. It's got the water element, acrobatics, theatrics and plot, nice costumes and props, comic scenes and oddball characters, though I will say there is more of a focus on dance than most of the other Cirque shows. Without giving too much away since a show is best experienced and not summarized in writing, I would recommend for people to watch Le Reve, particularly if you are a couple and want to watch a more romantic show. I would say if you are looking for more family-friendly and kid-friendly shows, there are other better options available. You will be entertained and there aren't really bad seats since it's a circular theater so anywhere you sit will be fine. I actually like aisle seats because you are closer to the performers that interact more with the audience. Some people say sitting far back is better because there are show scenes that happen high up and sitting back more won't have you craning your neck as much but I sat in the middle area (right above the "splash zone") and didn't get wet nor did I mind lifting my neck up to see all that happened above as well as in the water.
4	This was my first show with water.  I want to call it a Cirque du Soleil show, but it's not.  (Read Misti Y.'s review to understand why its not a Cirque show)  But it is very Cirque-esq that you would THINK it was a Cirque show.Alas, the theater is very nice.  I was hot and cold throughout the show (probably due to the humidity) so make sure to bring something you can take on and off.My husband really liked the show.  But, we compare everything to The Beatles LOVE show (since we LOVED it so much).  It was very entertaining and I would recommend it for sure.  If you have ever seen any shows like this before, you know there are some incredible moves and "tricks" that they do.  I did think it was a tad too long, but for the price, it was great entertainment!
4	So I watched this after watching "O".  Made it not so great.  This is such a smaller scale.  Made it seem kinda like a small production but it is worthwhile to watch.  You do get good seats since the place is so small.  It is good, just not as grand as "O".  Also I think I had discounted tickets so it made it more worthwhile.  It is not a Cirque du Soleil show so there is discounted tickets available.  You just have to look.
4	In my recent trip to Las Vegas, my friend and I had to select one show to attend.  The friend wanted to see Cirque du Soleil's "O," but I had watched it previously, so we settled on Le Reve.I see why some may compare "O" with "Le Reve" - the unforgettable water component.  They are both equally entertaining, with spectacular stage design and arrangements.  I thought Le Reve's use of vivid colors and props stood out the most.  They were absolutely stunning!  But I wished there were more acrobatic movements incorporated in the show.  I also thought Le Reve's storyline was easier to follow.After following some recommendations on Yelp, we booked two tickets in the splash zone.  Throughout the show, I never really got wet - just a few sprinkles here and there.  Then in the last scene, a dancer dived to my direction and I got soaked.  Interestingly enough, my friend (who was sitting right next to me) just got a few drops.  So avoid seat E1!
5	I was that girl in high school that always stayed late after school to rehearse a play/dance/song/monologue/whatever. I love theatrical performances. La Reve was a kind of theatrical performance I've never seen before. The most impressive and captivating part of the show was how so many different forms of performance arts were incorporated - acquatic, dramatic, and acrobatics.  It was gorgeous from beginning to end. Every detail was obviously meticulously planned. The stage is a huge round tank of water, basically. Every person has a great view of the stage. But the coolest part about it is that most of the set pieces are lifted out of the tank for each scene - and some pieces are HUGE. I always held my breath when a performer would dive into the water because I thought they might crash into the set pieces.The performances... These performers are talented people. The all moved with grace and ease and everything they did was beautiful. It was a great experience!I definitely recommend La Reve.
3	Don't get me wrong, it was a great show and I was impressed by the acrobatic abilities of all the performers, but I didn't understand what was going on and neither did my friends. I mean, I got a general gist - some kind of love story, but even tho I was awed, the storyline just wasn't cohesive for me to make sense of the performance. And all of us at some point wanted to fall asleep. Not sure it was worth the $114 we all paid, which already reflects a $30 discount we got through travelzoo. I'd rather go watch "O" or Celine Dion - why does she have to be preggers!
4	My boyfriend convinced me to see Le Reve, and I'm glad he did! Le Reve is not a part of Cirque du Soleil, although it was created by the director of other Cirque shows. It's a water acrobatic show with a circular stage, so every seat is a good seat. We sat a few rows above the splash zone (the first two rows) along the aisle, and we had a great view. I still got splashed a little but not too bad. The acrobatics were truly amazing, as with any Cirque show. But you appreciate it more because of the water element, knowing that the performers are constantly wet from diving in and out of the water. The roof opens up, where some performers are lowered down to do stunts. In addition to the acrobatics, there is dancing and a little bit of comedy. The show was continuous, so no boring breaks in-between acts.A few complaints, though ... at times, there is so much stuff going on, that you're constantly looking around the entire stage, so you don't miss something. But you end up missing something anyway. Secondly, there really is no storyline. My boyfriend disagrees, but although I understood the beginning and the end, nothing in the middle made any sense. Like what was the devil doing? And who was that guy with the cane? Maybe I just didn't get it, but it didn't seem clear to me, and I usually need a storyline to keep me interested!We got a discount on our tickets, and I would recommend looking for one. I found several discounts online, and we just used the best one. We considered getting the VIP package, but I wasn't convinced that it was worth the $195/person cost. Overall, it was a good show, and I enjoyed it much more than Mystere, the last Cirque show I saw. I almost opted to get tickets for Zumanity or Criss Angel instead because of cheaper ticket prices. But after reading the reviews on Yelp, I think I would have regretted it, and I'm happy that we went with Le Reve!
5	La Reve is simply the most amazing blend of imagery, beauty, fantasy, acrobatics and dance that I have seen. While I was prepared to be astonished by the Olympian-level skill of the performers, I was a bit surprised by the equally high level of the art & set direction, and the ability of the show to pull you in to the story.Just don't ask me what the story was, exactly. Might be a good idea to have Cliffs Notes available as you walk in the doors.
4	This was a very entertaining and beautiful show....HOWEVER....$114 is just not worth it considering how many seats were empty in the auditorium. Truly talented performers yes...but when you throw in $60 for a round of 4 drinks this was a seriously expensive night out. I suppose its Vegas and NOTHING is value for money so I suppose I can't really complain but I would be interested in seeing "O" by Cirque du Soleil to compare notes! Do I still feel a bit ripped off????? Yeah....
4	4 and half stars. Kinda pricey, but it is Vegas
4	It was a great show! My husband and I just went 2 weeks ago. We sat at the very front row, which is called the splash zone, but we didn't get much wet at all. We got some drops of water on us but not really wet or soaked. We actually like our front row seats better too with cheaper price, we got to see everything closely and some performers would suddenly jump up at the perimeter of the stage (which is part of the choreography of the show) which scared us all of a sudden but fun. The show was beautifully choreographed, we liked it and didn't regret spending the money for this show. Too bad we were not allowed to take pictures inside the theater so we couldn't show much with pictures, but I do have alot of good words about this show and recommend anyone to go see it.
5	it was the 3rd or 4th time i've seen this show and i've seen this show evolve/change.  i really loved it each and every time though and wanted to take my boyfriend to his first "cirque" show (it's actually el dragone, but same director as cirque) that i knew was a guaranteed spellbinding experience.first of all, to the people that took pictures, PLEASE DON'T.  the stunts the performers make are pretty high risk, and it puts them in danger of getting injured.i don't want to go too in-depth so you can have your own experience.  it's a water-based show with a lot of beautiful imagery, and some dark moments as well.  to be honest, i'm not a huge fan of the dancers (which are new and totally throw off the momentum), but people in the audience seemed to enjoy it.  i think initially it was let "plot-based" as well and more interpretive, so i was a little disappointed to see much more spelled out to me than before.  anyway, still very beautiful/captivating and ALWAYS worth the price.  i'm curious as to if there is a copy of the original somewhere since i've heard that was magnificent and would love to see the performance in full prior to all the changes.  if someone knows about this or has a copy of that i would LOVE to see it!anyway, i want to see LOVE next, but all the times i've seen reve i have never even come close to regretting it.  it's absolutely stunning and the performers are remarkably talented.
5	We had great seats with a server which was paid for accordingly.  Not inexpensive.  It was a great night.  The music, the dancers, the water.  I've seen probably 10-15 shows in Las Vegas. Le Reve is, by far, my favorite. The venue is unbelievable.  According to publications I've read, Wynn has rearranged seating in this venue.  Apparently, seats have been removed and the theater reconstructed over time to ensure everyone gets an amazing view.  A must see!
5	Just a quick review to say I have seen most all the Cirque shows in Vegas during various trips and this is better than all of them. If you can only see one show in Vegas, this is the one.  Visually stunning, amazing acrobatics, gorgeous costumes-it has it all.
5	If you can see one show while in vegas make it this. I seen all the shows and this one is the best one. Its better than O or mystere or anything out there. And seating is good, anywhere you have a seat is a good place to sit just like the cirque shows.
4	I had wanted to see Le Reve since i saw the advertisement across the street at our competition......  ahem.....   The Wynn....   I hadnt heard much about the show except that it was good.  Nobody could really describe it and thats how I feel.  Now, that is not necessarily a bad thing.  Afterall, I dont work for the sales team or box office for the Wynn so I dont have to describe it.  The show is extremely impressive with things going on all over the place.  Its someone who has ADHD's dream to watch a show like this..... I cant focus on one thing for more than 25 seconds so that worked itself out.  :)      The showroom was humid and the smell reminded me of Sea World or the Henderson rec centers pool.  Honestly, at the end of the day, this show comes down to the amazing talent that their performers have.  The strength and style of their cast was breathtaking and truly impressive.   A definite must see!
5	Ridiculously amazing show!!!!Hubby and I were completely astonished! Sat in the "premium seats (the middle between splash zone and VIP)" section A, H 15&16.  Considered the VIP section but after seeing the seats, don't think they're really worth it...they seat further back but the seats are rather lush.  Guess it really boils down to whether or not you really want the champagne!Saw some people in the splash zone move up to the 'premium seats' shortly after the first gig - I'd pay the extra $30 to not sit in the splash zone...but if you can choose seats in the 2nd row up I guess its good savings? I prefer Orchestra like seats so H did us just fine.Don't look up any videos on this!  It's best to go in with no expectations...get ready to be blown away!! :)
4	im still unsure about my review for a few reasons: 1 - am a wynn employee 2 - i've seen the show twice and still cant piece it together (maybe the dream isnt meant to have a story line?) 3 - as misty said, the theater is amazing, for so many reasonsthe first time i went, i took my boyfriend with me. not sure if he enjoyed the show, but i did. i've always liked cirque shows even as a kid. its just amazing to see what these people can do. we talked about it after the show and didnt get the story of it. but all the different scenarios are awesome!the second time - i went with 2 of my girlfriends and my sister. figured it'd be worth seeing again and maybe it'd be good to get their opinion on it. we walked in and i was still in awe about the theater. underneath it is all water and above it is this stage area where a good portion of the show takes place. i think most of my stars go to the theater. anyway, it was all of their first "cirque" shows (thanks for clarifying that misty!) and we all had a great time.i loved the music!!! that gets a good majority of these stars as well. when it comes down to it, definitely enjoyed it and recommend it if you can get a deal on it. now i kinda wish i got the soundtrack...
2	Someone else mentioned the changes that the show has undergone and I thought I'd throw in a second here as well.  When the show first opened, there seemed to be less dancing and more acrobatics.  The dancing is lame beyond belief and there are a few times where they put people around the ring and they actually get in the way of being able to view the performance.  Most notably, this happened during the "muscular twins" act where there are two guys in the middle doing feats of strength.  One of the feats I couldn't see because the heroine and a shirtless guy in jeans was in front of me watching.  I have a strong feeling that I paid more for my ticket than they did so perhaps they should get out of the way?Also, the story seemed to make much less sense.  In the first version, the girl is dropped off after an apparently good date, goes to sleep and the story begins.  After meeting a bunch of interesting characters, she says goodbye and the show ends.  In the current version, she somehow hurts the feelings of the guy she went out with, goes to sleep, wakes up and he's still there.  They then go to bed together and another act proceeds.I've seen this show a total of six times and it has been demoted to the utter crap list.  I don't know who helped do the changes to Le Reve, but considering how bad they are, I can't imagine that it was Dragone.  If you don't want to see Jersey Boys and must see a cirque show, I recommend...Mystere -- if you want the best acrobaticsLove  -- if you want the best musicO -- if you want what Le Reve should beKA -- if you want a cirque show that's a far departure from the others
4	Very good performance.  The water makes it very unique and interesting.  There is not a bad seat in the house it is a very intimate setting and visually spectacular.  I would suggest not sitting too low as you can get wet from the performance and might have to strain your neck to see the action above the pool.  I would recommend
5	It was my friend's birthday, and she absolutely wanted to go see the show. For 115 dollars (for the cheapest section) I was having HUGE expectations, and all of them were delivered. Granted we were seated in the first row and got splashed a million times, but we didn't really care: You were too focused on the show anyways.Definitely, definitely, definitely recommended! You'll have a blaaast!
5	I loved LOVED this show!! I was kind of on a fence because there are mixed reviews here, but I am so glad I went to see it. The theater is amazing. The performance is spectacular. I have seen many cirque type shows in Vegas, and I think this was the best one. I enjoyed every second of it. Some reviewers have said that there was not a clear story line in this show, but honestly, it didn't bother me at all. I was just amazed by all the acrobatics and thoroughly entertained. The muscular twin put on a fantastic show. They did some of the craziest sh*t I've ever seen. The music also set the mood perfectly. I know this is supposedly similar to O and there is much debate over which is better. I saw O loooong time ago, so I don't think I should be making comparison now, but I remember I was sleepy during O and excited during Le Reve. I would go see this show in a heart beat! In fact, I can't wait to see it again!!  Highly recommended.
5	Magical!! We decided to visit here on our stop in Las Vegas and was amazed by the imagery, music, and spectacular performances by the actors. This show was by far better then the O or Ka and the seating was arrange so that the view was great from any seat. I wouldn't try the VIP ticket as all it was is bigger seats, a personal attendant provided champagne. Overall, a wonderful show that I would recommend to anyone.
5	This is by far probably the one of my top 3 (most likely second) shows. I love the use of the water, synchronized swimmers, and acrobatics. Our seats were in the splash zone, &&I could totally understand how it would be the splash zone, but it wasn't like water ride soaked.I don't want to give away the storyline or anything, so I'll just leave it as a MUST SEE!
2	Just OK. Not worth $175 per seat. Go see Ka instead. The show is about a bunch of people diving into the water....no storyline.
4	Le Reve is the Cirque show playing at the Wynn Hotel.  The name Le Reve = The Dream and I've been so interested and excited in seeing this show.  I finally had the opportunity to see it this past weekend and here are my thoughts on it.  First of all, the 4 stars represent the entire experience... Being there, seats of the theater, comfort of the seats, views of the location, services available, etc... (they even got Champagne and Truffles for the upper rim patrons!)  But the actual show itself was much less exciting than what I have expected.First of all, there is pretty much no bad seats in the house.  It is built as a round theater with literally no obstructed views, therefore, any seat they have here is a great seat.Props and decor:  Much less elaborate than some of the other shows (i.e. Ka), but the actual stage for the performer was amazing.  I can't imagine how the designer of these stages makes them but it can literally transform into 10+ stage styles.... truly a work of art.The show:  Hmmmmm... this is what I was disappointed about...  Like what I've been saying to one of the Yelpers (Sandy S.) If you want to see the best show, please leave it till the end as the last show you see  (In my personal opinion, "O" at The Bellagio is hands down my favorite of them all so far)  Like many of the cirque shows, there is really not a particular theme to it so music plays a very important role in stimulating the crowd to get them into the mindset where the show creator would like to guide them toward. (hope that didn't sound confusing....)  The music for Le Reve was the only one so far that I did not purchase.  It just didn't connect me with what the show was about, didn't connect with the performers, and it didn't evoke enough emotions within me.  However, for those who enjoy salsa dancing and other ballroom style dancing it may work better for you, but for me, I wasn't looking forward to a dancing performance, but instead, an emotion filled circus performance with exciting props.I won't spoil my future reviews, but "O" has done that beyond well...  It evokes the emotion of the audience, and the entire cast, stage, props, etc., beyond amazing in my opinion.So what do I think?  I thought it was a simple circus show with salsa dancing...  The only 2 highlights to me were the hanging ball with 3 girls (performing circus acts without any safety chains/wires attached)  That was crazy and deserves high appraisal!)  The other was the 2 guys who were doing acrobatics, but in the end, balancing themselves on each other... (I won't go into detail as you will have to see it yourself to believe it... absolutely incredible how anyone can possibly do that!)It's not a bad show by any means, but it could, and should of been better than the "O" show.  However, it is definitely no "O" show here...I'll leave it up to you to decide....just maybe some of you see it the way I see it........ or not.................
5	The show was awesome. Totally worth the money.
4	It's a great show.  There's a romantic story behind it.  Just wish there were more acrobatic performances incorporated into it.  The show we saw did not have the strong men performance!  Minus 1 star!  They should have discount the ticket for that!
5	Wow. I was unsure what to expect, but left feeling exhilarated. Everything is stunning: staging, choreography, bodies. I was about 5 rows from front, a good seat, but I can appreciate the tripple digit price for those 8 and above. There is a lot going on in every scene x3 (because there are 3 entrances to the stage in the round). The only negative critique I have is the score. It is dominated by electric guitar and comes off sounding surprisingly unsophisticated for the quality of the show. Although you could be forgiven for not paying attention to the music, this spectacle is pure visual delight!
4	Excellent show.  Lots of different areas of action, like a three ring circus.  Our show didn't have the fire effects that we had seen in promotional materials.  Suggest sitting in the middle of the theater or toward the rear.  Seats in the front will force you to look up half the time or you will miss the action in the air above the stage / water.
5	There are few things in life that can be described as beautiful, amazing, and breathtaking but Le Reve comes pretty close.I'm a big fan of Cirque Du soleil shows so when I decided to see Le Reve I didn't think it could match up but I was wrong.From start to finish I was entertained. It's difficult to describe in words what I saw but I was in awe of everything. All I can say is that it was beautiful and the images will last in my memory forever. This is one of those spectacular vegas shows that you must see. If you can appreciate art, performance, music, and creativity then you will love Le Reve.
5	From the first moment I saw Le Reve, I was a fan. This was an amazing adventure into a magical world that was enchanting, sensual, stunning, and thrilling - all at the same time. It was a phenomenal show at a fantastic, yet very intimate venue. The experience begins when you first enter the circular theater that is situated around a large pool of water with the center stage in the middle. Definitely not your typical showroom but the specially designed theater leaves no bad seat in the house. The theater itself was remarkable. The cast was extraordinary. And the music - takes you into a state of trance making the whole experience seem so mystical, so surreal. The show features amazing choreography performed by highly skilled aerial acrobats in an absolutely beautiful stage setting. Words can't really depict the magic and beauty that this production brings.The entire show really blew my mind. I can easily see why this is the most visually appealing show on the Vegas strip. I won't say much more. Just see it because it's worth every penny!
3	I saw Le Reve with my friend and I thought the performers did an AMAZING job.  At times I found the show to be slow in some parts but there was a lot going on, almost too much going on.My biggest complaint is the story line is not very clear even after reading reviews before and after.  But I am def going to check out some more shows in Vegas but I was not crazy about Le Reve.
5	I've seen 8 Cirque Du Soleil's.(This is from a different company)This beats all of them.Hard to imagine, but true.
2	The good: The skill of the performers was great. They did some really great feats of strength, dance, agility and high wire acts which made me worry for their safety.The bad: The story was really hard to figure out so it seemed more like a jumbled mess of stunts with no commentary or other clues as to what it all meant. All 7 of us in our party felt about the same way.I've seen a couple of Cirque Du Soleil shows and, contrary to what another commenter said, I thought this fell well short of any of those.
4	AMAZINGI was dragged here but at the end I was giving a standing ovation!
5	This was a great show! I am usually not a show person, but this one was awesome! Those people are amazing that do all of those stunts. I was sitting there with shock seeing what these people do! Crazy!
4	Le Reve is best described as Cirque du Soleil meets synchronized swimming and diving.  I really liked this show because it's different from anything you've seen before.   I also loved the theater - since it's round with no support beams, there isn't a bad seat in the house and they were able to pull off some pretty cool stunts and surprises with it.  I probably spent half of the show wondering how different parts of the "stage" work, however I promise that the acrobatics and special effects are much more interesting.Definitely would recommend to people coming to Vegas as a top show to see.
5	Amazing!  We sat in the 3rd row and felt like we were sitting on the stage (side of the pool)  so to speak.  This is prob the best show in Vegas right now!
5	Sexy, sensuous, spectacular acrobatics, (just like Cirque du Soleil)!If you come to this show, you must bring a significant other/lover........very romantic!A must see..then a must F......!
5	Le Reve is a phenomenal show!  The performance blended aerial stunts with high diving with synchronized swimming with acrobatics.  There were performers coming up from under the water, down from the ceiling and up and down stairs and platforms.  Every section has equal view, as all the seats circle around the stage, and the performers are on all sides.  However, two of the staff at Wynn, in separate conversations, had mentioned row G was the best, as you are in the middle of everything above and below you (that was where we ended up sitting, and it was perfect)They sell this package deal where you can sit in recliners, and get champagne and truffles...but upon seeing the venue, it really didn't seem worth the extra money to sit in those seats.  They are all the way up, so you are looking down on the whole show, vs the feeling of submersion with the regular seats.
5	Grade: AGorgeous show - love the aquatic stage. The acrobatics were fun and daring. I can't imagine how many hours & practice these performers go through. I never "get" the entire meaning of the show unless I read about it, but Le Reve kept us awake & watching the entire time. There were some very beautiful scenes - especially loved the large wavy "drape" part. The doves were cool too.I loved "O" more but the aquatic stage was new then, so it may have been the novelty of it as well. My husband enjoyed Le Reve more than Mystere, but it depends on what you are looking for. Lots more acrobatics in Mystere, more dancing (on stage & underwater) in Le Reve.We enjoyed the show even more so because it was complimentary with our Wynn package deal. We sat in Section B, Row F seats 22 & 23. Awesome seats, as promised by the sales rep. Easy to see both up and down. But any seat in this rotund theater has great viewing!
5	What a great show and theatre.. much better than the "o". I would recommend paying a little extra and getting premier seats with Choc., champagne and VIP tickets..this show isn't as heavily marketed as the o but it is definitely 20 times better.
5	Great Show!The hubby and I took the parentals to this show and had a wonderful time!  The lighting, music, theatrics, acrobatics, doves, costumes, diving, synchronized swimming... all of it was Amazing!Really enjoyed the part where the synchro swimming gals were doing their thing with red heels on... that was really cool.So much goes on with this show that it's a bit hard to see it all... all at once.  Your head tends to be on a swivel.Love that the stage moves up and down and changes throughout the entire performance... one moment the characters are running around the stage... the next they are diving into it.
5	Saw this and 'O' and it's not even close in my opinion. Le Reve blows 'O' out of the water in every respect. Highly recommend
5	Le Reve was visually spectacular.  The audience was taken on a delightful ride through the dream sequence of one of the characters.  Before I knew it, an hour had flown by, and unfortunately the show was over.  That was the one drawback that I can note.  I would have loved for the show to be at least 30 minutes longer.This show has water, which makes it similar to O, but it's not a Cirque show.  I saw O several years back, and I think I liked this show better.  This theater seems better suited to the show than the O theater is.  In looking around, I don't think there was a bad seat in the house for Le Reve. I loved the high dives and the dancing on the water.  How those women dance on that slippery surface with high heels I will never figure out.  Those must be some special shoes!
5	Le Reve is without question the best show in Vegas, and it's not even close.  The Wynn does everything to perfection, including their shows. Le Reve takes the audience through a surreal dream sequence that transitions seamlessly through moments of beauty, sexuality, and fun. The performers will exceed your wildest expectations. Everything from  impressive feats of strength and flexibility, to death defying stunts unfold during the performance. The stage itself is incredible, it constantly switches from land to water as the dream takes place. There is honestly not a bad seat in the house. The seating surrounds the stage so all of the seats have an equally good view of everything. I've sat towards the back and the front and don't have a strong preference between the two (although a lot of the action happens high above the stage so it is easier to see from a few rows back). Le Reve will undoubtably be one of the highlights of your trip to Vegas.
4	What a great introduction to the Cirque de Soleil chain.  I have never been to one of their shows and after seeing this water stage show, I would love to see them all.  It is highly entertaining and I was at the edge of my seat.  So much was going on; you would need to go again just to catch it all.  The story line is much like reading an Epic of Homer's time.  There are a lot of inferences and plenty of room for interpretation to the eye of the beholder.  While kids may not understand all of that, they will love all of the stunts.
4	We had planned on seeing "O" when were in Vegas but I think they were on vacation or something.  So we decided to give La Reve a shot since it is basically a knock off of O.We were already staying at Encore so it was a short walk to the theater.  We had great seats, 3rd row or so.  I think the show has some sort of story, but I had no idea what it was.  But that doesn't detract from the enjoyment.  Before the show there is a little entertainment in the form of a lizard-like guy that swims around the pool and messes with people in the front rows.  At first I thought he was a statue because he'll stay there motionless for a while at times.  Then he will sneak up on some unsuspecting theater patron and squirt water at them or something.  Pretty funny.The show is pretty amazing.  The pool has platforms in it that raise and lower throughout the show so at times the performers are swimming, diving into the pool or even seemingly walking on water.  At one point the performers were diving into the pool from about 25 feet above the water!So if you want to see a great show and you don't want to pay the astronomical prices for a Cirque de Soleil show, give La Reve a shot.
5	isnt it obvious from other reviews? this show is great! to be honest i dont really understant the story, because one goes after another pretty quick and all the actors are bald ;) but thats fine. this show worth every penny. every actors and actress are very professional and i'm sure takes a lot of preparation for the show because it was so flawless. This is my second show that i see in vegas and i love it. the setting is so beautiful and colorful..i love the guy with the horn, he's super funny.i sat at the second row, because it's the least expensive seat for $117.. got a bit splash of water but no big deal. the first row would've sucked..must watch!!
4	I really enjoyed the show. There were so many artistic parts to it. The dancers were amazing and there were so many death defying stunts. I've never seen anything like it. The aqua stage was mesmerizing. Throughout the show it changed from water to ground. It was hard to keep up with at times, but I admire the hard work that the performers put forth. Great show!
1	Le Reve, we thought it had so much potential from what we read in a few good reviews, from its advertising & print ad, and because it was in the beautiful Wynn hotel. Ohhh sadly and $200+ lost...it was not worth the money or our time. Before the show started, when I walked in the theater, I was impressed by the beauty of the theater and set. It was elegant and lavish. The shape of the theater is circular which allows for all around good viewing. However, in the first few minutes after Le Reve started I knew we were in for a long show, and a fake, poorly copied, rendition of a Cirque Du Soleil.The show lacked any level of sophistication; it simply felt like an elaborate high school production. Yes the set was beautiful, however, almost every other facet of the show felt amateur- the "acting", costumes, choreography, most of the props, the music & a few poorly timed and sloppy acrobatics. Le Reve was a jumbled, disorganized mess of confused story line/plot, although I could see that they were trying to hide behind the theme of "good & evil". However, where was the director trying to go with it and why did they fall back on all the endless, dim cliches? The silly looking devil and even sillier looking angel costumes seemed like they were bought at some corner store, from the cheap, leftover Halloween costumes bin.One description....those stupid, stiletto, red heels poking out of the water dancing all around...I mean WTF. If you're not a male with a foot/shoe fetish, you'll probably think the dancing shoes are ridicules & TACKY!!!My boyfriend and I giggled and yawned our way through Le Reve and had regular mutters "do you want to go" or "I can't take it anymore...this is awful."  However, beyond all the silliness, the show was just boring and noisy, it lacked true entertainment, grace or mystique.It simply felt that Le Reve was trying to imitate one of the Cirque Du Soleil shows, particularly "O", but it fell disastrously flat. Le Reve played with water as their set, but it was "O" that masterfully incorporated it so well to the point that "O" is called the water show. I must say that I may have given Le Reve 2 stars if my boyfriend and I hadn't seen "O" by Cirque Du Soleil two nights before. We were completely spoiled. We've seen 5 great show so far on this trip and Le Reve unfortunately was a waste of money.Please save your money and go and see "O" instead. "O" costumes, set, acrobatics, choreography, music & finesse is so fantastic, moving & interesting. If you are not stuck on the water theme, any Cirque show will probably do. Thanks for reading!!
4	My first show in Vegas! What a tough act to beat!Even though the show was expensive and had no central theme to it, I thoroughly enjoyed it! If you love water, acrobatics, and heavenly instrumental music, you'll enjoy this show. The show is filled with beautiful displays of water combined with wonderful emotion-filled acrobatics. I felt that the music complimented every aspect of the show to a tee. The water stage was amazing and I believe that was over a million tons of water (correct me if I'm wrong). I have never seen a water show that was so breathtaking.
5	I was torn about seeing Le Reve during my most recent trip to Vegas because of the high price compared to other shows on the strip, as well as some mixed reviews.  After seeing the show...worth every penny.  I should have expected this because of the quality of Wynn/Encore.  The theatre itself is beautiful and the seats are very comfortable.  However, waiting for the show to start it began feeling damp and kind of musty with the fog machines constantly going over the center pool/stage.  The quality of the dancers/performers was incredible throughout the show however.  There was a good amount of dancing which I usually hate during these types of shows but the dancing was actually a really powerful part of the show.  I would suggest sitting further up because there is SO much going on throughout the show, if you liked O, you will LOVE Le Reve.  The best show of its kind on the strip.
4	Spent the weekend in Vegas, had a great time.   Went and saw Le Reve....great show..!!  When we bought the tickets....was informed that the producer of the show was originally with Circus soleil...and actually produced "O".....but left to start his own shows.  Highly recommend...!!  Great story, visuals are awesome...and the "circle in the round" stage made it an even better setting..!!  No bad seats in this arena..!!  See it..!!
5	We were lucky enough to get two tickets included in our Encore package.  Having been to Vegas only 2 times, and never seeing a show(sad, I know.  :(.  ) we had no idea what to expect.  The show started with a bang and just got better!  There's so much going on that it's hard to take it all in.... A feast for the eyes, not to sound corny.  The story is weird because the girl's in a dream sequence.  We all no how those can be!  I've never seen so many talented and FIT people in one place.  All we could say was WOW!!! I HIGHLY recommend this show!!!!!
5	My favorite show in Vegas.  Don't try to understand the story - just enjoy the visuals.  Mesmerizing.  I can't say enough how much my family and I enjoyed the show.  Worth EVERY penny.
4	==Le Reve==Ehh.. First of all, remember that the further you sit, the better the view. It doesn't matter where you sit, you're sitting in a circular room and you can see everything from where you're seated. The closer you sit, you may get wet and can't really see all around the room. It's an entire water adventure spectacular. It takes over the center of the room, up above and like a plus pattern towards the audience. The show itself wasn't too too bad, but at some times it does get a bit dull. They had a few random dumbfounded jokes and some really jaw dropping performances. Lots of diving acrobats and performance in the water.PAY NO ATTENTION TO THE GIRL IN THE RED DRESS.. Worthless.. Seriously. haha. I guess she's all part of the storyline they implemented, but I just get annoyed looking at her because she's always there.Our seats were in the center in the circular room so we had a good view.
4	This show was amazingly entertaining. We had great seats that were about $90/each (not expensive for a Vegas show.) I don't think there's a bad seat in the house UNLESS you're right up close. Although this show has a very basic storyline about love/heartbreak you're still entertained by the acrobatics/dancing/music and lights! The Wynn theater/hotel is beautiful too. If you're staying here it would be a shame to miss this show.
5	This is a magical experience which chronicles the story of a lost love. The lighting effects, recurring water theme, music, imagery, and performances all blend together to create an awe inspiring experience. In the beginning the main character finds and loses love abruptly. The story evolves from there with many twists and turns. My capitivation is held by each scene which includes a combination of actors, dancers, synchronized swimmers, and acrobats. Each performance is executed with precision. There are flips and dives into the water, synchronized water perfomances that  require performers to hold their breath for many seconds over and over, drama and comedy. All combined to elevate wonder and amazement. It's a must see!
5	I was truly impressed by Le Reve. What a wonderful and beautiful show. It's amazing the level of skill that is required to pull off acrobatic stunts in the water. It had me on the edge of my seat! Really spectacular! Hats off to the performers. You guys are amazing!
5	What an amazing experience, I love La Reve...seen it 3 times and everytime I go to vegas I want to see it again...its that good...evertime I watch it I get goosebumps of how beautiful this show is...I recommend it especially if ur with ur significant other its very romantic and funny at the same time..its a MUST SEE!!!!
5	Beyond!  So scintillating, you can't take everything in at the same time.  In the past year and a half we've been to over half a dozen shows in Vegas, and this along with KA are ones I would see again.  Do yourself a favor and add this to your must see list.We got our tickets day of at the half price booth, which saved us 25%.  It's a small theatre so there aren't any bad seats in the house and i almost think you can see more by sitting further back.  Enjoy!
5	I say ignore whatever storyline they are trying to present, just sit back and absorb what is happening before your eyes. Seriously, I could have stayed in there for 10 hours and not complained about this production. Amazing venue, amazing performers, amazing visuals and colors. Truly a dream to experience! I havn't seen a better show in Las Vegas and I've lived here for 21 years!
5	BEST show ive ever seen in vegas!! even though its the only one. they do some pretty amazing shit. thanks to my brother and his gf i got to join them, next time i need a date too. but whatever i enjoyed it. i hella like the lead girl, she's awesome. And all the crazy dives in the pool from the stage that would disappear into the deep water, and from the ceiling. and them buff dudes doin that crazy lifting each other shit. everyone in the show did something amazing! this show gets 5 stars for sure.. except the one thing that bothered me was the baby in the begining, he was creepy.. great show and cool stadium/pool/stage.
3	Sat in the front row, Got wet and watched a pretty cool show. Its all mostly in water which felt kinda repetitive but still kept me interested throughout. Worth the watch but definately not for the money. Seen better for less.
4	Performance: 4 starsSeat/View: 4 starsThis was our second time seeing this show and we found out that they have changed the costumes and arrangement. I would say there were some pros and cons. Wynn gave us free tickets for the show and we sat at the middle section this time. We could see the overhead lighting better. However, we preferred to sit in the front rows like last time because we had better view of the performers. Also I didn't like they added some dancers around the main characters in some scenes because they created distractions and blocked my sight. Overall it was still a good show and we enjoyed it, especially it was free.
4	The theater is a bowl, so it seems like anywhere in the audience would be a good seat. Le Reve is an acrobatic water show, lots of diving and splashing. It's pretty fun to watch/semi gay with all the buff guys holding each other up and pointing their toes.The story line is kind of confusing, this girl is all in love with her boyfriend and then all of a sudden she leaves him and she ends up partying with a bunch of buff dudes and some cool ass guy with a leather jacket. Then she gets passed around to another bunch of guys and finally at the end she ends up choosing the first guy she's with, winds up getting engaged to him and then whisked away by a  bed suspended from the ceiling. I think it's a subliminal message to get babes in the audience to have wild bachelorette parties.
5	We have not seen O at the Bellagio (which I hear is amazing)...but with that said this is our favorite show in Vegas.The show is beautiful, and unlike most show seating, the further back you are, the better!Definitely add this show to your must see list!  I've heard since my first time going they've changed some things in the show, and I'm excited to go back and see it again soon.
4	So I've never seen a Cirque show so there's nothing really to compare to but the props in this show absolutely blew me away!I cannot begin to imagine how someone dreams this up or choreographs these shows and what rehearsal or practice is like but I know I wouldn't be able to do it.  These entertainers are simply amazing and talented. I can't wait to watch more!Sure the storyline is difficult to grasp and follow but the performances are out of this world.
2	My personal opinion:I think the word that describes this show best is weird. It was just plain weird. True the theater is well engineered and there are few if any bad seats in the house. The better seats are up high because you can see more. I understand that it is supposed to be a dream this chick is having to help her determine if she should date this guy or something... it was still weird. I came to see more a more cirque like show. There were a few high dives but I was disappointed there weren't more. There was only one really high dive which was really disappointing. There was a strange solo dance where the male dancer kept flopping on his back on the hard surface it wasn't impressive it just looked painful...it reminded me more of Jackass. There were some strange guys from the 50's or something that didn't really seem to fit into the play anywhere and did some tired jokes. One bright spot was when two large, strong men did some amazing acrobatics with each other. Overall I would say it isn't worth anywhere near what they are charging. I think the show has potential to be great but is not quite reaching what it could be.
4	One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas.  The stunts are fantastic and all the water effects are unique from any other show.  Definitely worth checking out.
5	One of the best shows in Vegas!For the longest time I though this was a Cirque Du Soleil show, but it's not. But the show was created by Franco Dragone, the director to many other Cirque Du Soleil shows, like O and Mystere. I love how the stage is in the center of the auditorium. There's a 360 degree view instead of just one side. It's hard to find a bad seat. It's beautiful how the stage rises from beneath the water. There are even parts of the stage (and performers!) that come from the ceiling! At some point they even simulate rain that only falls on the stage. The story is very engaging. It's literally what the title says it is: a dream. Of course, there are the usual acrobats and even some comedic parts. The lady with the whip will wake you up! I can see the similarities between this show and O, which also seems to go through a dream also, but Le Reve is definitely the winner.
4	Good show. Props fantastik. Too short,only about an hour.
4	There is only so much you can do in the water so Le Reve is nothing new with "O" being around for such a long time.  Le Reve is short of what "O" is but it was still a good show to kill an hour and a half and be entertained.  At least Le Reve had a story and it made sense unlike "O".  Our tickets were free and anything free in Vegas is good.  I'm not sure if I would spend money on Le Reve having watched "O" already.  Comfortable seats and a 360 degrees seating area around the swimming pool means there are no bad seats and you get a good view wherever you are sitting.  Our free seats were perfect.  Don't buy seats in the splash area, its cheap for a reason.This is not a Cirque Du Soleil show by the way.  If you haven't seen "O", I recommend watching Le Reve first.  It is definitely worth watching but don't compare it to "O" because you may be a little disappointed.  The lead female dancer/swimmer is cute and hot.  All the supporting female dancers/swimmers are hot too.  As for the guy dancers/swimmers, put on your damn shirts!
4	You can't go wrong wherever you sit!  It's not the cheapest tickets around, but it certainly is worth it.  I've seen almost all of the Cirque du Soleil shows and La Reve is certainly up there with all of them.  The visual is stunning and most of the time, I'm overwhelmed by where to look because there is so much going on!   If you can fork out the $ or lucky enough to get tix for free, don't miss it!
5	Hands down, the BEST show in Las Vegas! It's incomparable to "O" or the other cirque du soleil shows in Vegas.There are just so many good things to say about this show. First of all, wherever you sit, it's a great seat because its a 360 degree theater. The stage moves up and down in and out of the water, which is similar to "O" but they do so much more in the water and better tricks. The performers are AMAZING! The story was really good and understandable and was just so intriguing!I was on the edge of my seat at times with some of the stunts! i could go on and on about how great this show is, but I would rather you take my word and go see it! It's totally worth the price and I would love to see this show everytime I go to Vegas. If you want to impress your significant other or family/friends, this is the show to go see!LOVED it!!!
4	Watching people dive from super high heights into what seems like a 3 foot pool is awesome..  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is I didn't really understand the story..  Some things are better without a story, just amazing acrobatics..
5	I been to several shows in vegas and I enjoyed them all. Le Reve definitely my favorite show, it is amazing.  If you in vegas with kids and want to see a show, take them to Le Reve and you both will have a great time.  There are alot of great shows in vegas but if you want to see something different, you must go to Le Reve.
5	Le Reve is one of my top 5 favorite shows in las vegas! A must see and is worth every penny for the cost of a ticket! Not a bad seat in the house no matter where you sit, and no bad views as is in a circular design. Absolutely amazing! This show will keep you tuned from start to finish!Synchronized swimming, arial acrobats, romance, sweet music, a giant water stage where performers arrive and exit from, so awesome.This show gives me a bit of sexy however is appropriate for all.Bottom line...do yourself a favor and see this show!
5	Le Reve is beautiful.  Where do I even begin?  First of all, don't worry about your seat.  The venue is designed so that there aren't bad seats.  It's circular and the "stage" rotates around so you seriously can't pick a bad seat.  You can, however, get an upgraded seat in the back.  I don't know a lot about this, but there are these big, luxurious chairs in the back of the theater which are probably significantly more expensive.  I don't really think they'd be worth it, but if you want the added luxury, go for it.   The show itself is just breathtaking.  The colors, the high degree of Cirque (and if you're unfamiliar with Cirque performances you should know, not all Cirque shows have this high quality of Cirque in them), the humorous scenes and just the overall flow and build of the show... simply brilliant.  One *big* tip:  Make a day out of this.  The Wynn is at the very north side of the strip and a lot of people never make their way all the way up to it.  Go ahead and spend the day on the north side.  The Wynn is like The Bellagio-North.  It's first class all the way and you can absolutely find stuff to do (from great cuisine to amazing pools to the spa to the fabulous casino at The Wynn... just experience it all).Also, try http://www.vegas.com/shows/ for discounts.  You can usually find a good price!
4	I've seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows on the strip except Love. Le Reve is not a CDS production but it's pretty much the same performance.Upon entering, I was wowed by the round stage and the 360 degree seatings. How do they pull off a show with nowhere to hide behind the curtain?The show's amazing, with all the acrobatic moves that's humanly "impossible". It's still a star away from the O and Mystere but it's definitely worth the money.Go see it!
4	This was great! Even my husband loved it and he normally doesn't like Las Vegas shows.   We loved the music and how you can see the show very well from any seat in the house. I have seen it 3 times now and I enjoy it every time.
4	The show is very pleasing to watch.  The performers can do some amazing things!  It combines acrobatics, dancing, diving, synchronized swimming, and water water water.  I thought it was a Cirque du Solei show, but after looking closer, it isn't.If you sit in the first few rows, you'll be in the "splash zone", so keep that in mind when buying tickets.  The stadium/stage is a large circle, so there isn't a bad seat in the house.Overall, it's a very nice show to watch, but there isn't much of a storyline, so sit back, relax and enjoy the performers.Towards the end of the show, the performers throw out roses into the crowd and one happened to land right in my friend's drink.  We didn't see it coming since it's very dark in the theater, but we felt the splash.See my photos!Xie Xie!
4	I won tickets to this, so I suppose that affects my review a little, but I still thought this was a lovely show. It has a bit of everything - dancing, acrobatics, and swimming. Every seat is a good one. However, if you are sitting near the bottom, you may get a little wet.
5	When it comes to Vegas shows I really don't think you can do much better (and I live here so I see lots of shows).As mentioned below there is no bad seat, and the lower seats may get splashed.  I believe the tickets are pricy but as a local I've never paid full price.  I recently got a backstage tour with a friend who knows one of the performers and you wouldn't believe the inner workings of this thing.  I'm surprised I don't hear about accidents regularly so they must run a tight ship.As most know the show is a dream sequence.  However, if you are like me and are not artistic or good at understanding abstract art pieces, you'll never know what's going on.  On the other hand, there are so many performers and there is so much going on all over the theater, its still entertaining to those of us who don't "get" it.Its definately worth the time and money.
5	I'd definitely have to say this is the best show I've been to in Vegas. It was a bit pricey, but it was nice. The theatre was amazing! You could sit anywhere in the theatre and still be able to see everything perfectly. I just cant begin to explain how awesome the stage was... it was just awesome. The performers were amazing, and had some serious skills. I loved it!Although the show was amazing, I felt that there was too much going on at once, but there was never a boring moment, so I cant really complain too much. I'd see this show again, just as long as I don't have to pay as much as we did lol. All in all, it was an amazing show and highly recommended :)
5	My in-laws and mom was in town so I decided to take them and my wife to Le Reve.I just love going to the Wynn.  It is so elegant and one of the most beautiful and classy hotels on the strip.Anyways, Le Reve is one of the most impressive shows on the strip.  The theater environment is amazing.  Honestly, not a bad seat in the house.  The story and the water show were excellentl.  I have to say that all your senses will be lit up (yes... smell, taste, touch, sight, and hearing)...  Trust me, we sat pretty close and had a few light sprinkles :)Compared to the Cirque du Soleil acts on the strip -- "O" and "Mystere", I honestly think Steve Wynn's vision of "Dream" was much better.  It was much more elaborate, exciting, and original.  Overall, I think Le Reve is one of the best in Vegas (thus far, our favorites have been Phantom, Jersey Boys, and now Le Reve).Also, btw, I like the fact that they allow you to take pictures at the END of the show. I definitely would recommend this show.
4	Saw a lot of cirque shows over the years (Ka, O, Love).  Le reve was really beautiful and well choreated.   I definitely recommended especially if you've never seen a cirque show before.   I like the theather, it's round, so you can't really get a bad seat, though you may get a little splash if you're seated near the stage (cheapest seats)
5	Awesome.  See it.  I even teared up in the end.  Our tickets to the show were complimentary as part of a room we got an Encore but it's well worth the expense.  This show is even good for kids - I can't wait to bring mine next time we come ;)
5	This show was voted "Best in Las Vegas 2011" and I believe it!I have no other shows to compare this to but after reading numerous great reviews of this show, I decided to see it during a recent trip to Las Vegas.  I bought tickets through LasVegas.com and got splash zone seats for the price of the seats further up.  Because it is a circular stage, there is not a bad seat in the house.  I had front row/splash zone seats and yes, got splashed a few times hence the "splash zone" warning.  This was no sea world show so if you're afraid of getting splashed a little, sit out of that area, otherwise it really is the best seat in the house.You are allowed to take photos when the cast comes out at the end.  This is a Vegas MUST SEE.
5	The Wynn is beautiful, the Buffet fabulous and the show was fantastic!  Very impressed and pleased.  I was a bit nervous that it would not be as good as some of the Cirque De Soleil shows but no worries there!  I also bought tickets through http://LasVegas.com and got splash zone seats for the price of the seats further up.  It is a circular stage so all seats are great.  I definitely would recommend this show!
5	The first word that comes to mind is simply-- WOW! It was my first Vegas trip, and I really wanted to go to a cirque show after hearing people rave about them for years. My sister surprised me with Le Reve tickets, and I was completely stoked with no idea what to expect. I have nothing to compare to, but the stage was absolutely incredible! It transformed numerous times throughout the show. The theater was also extremely intimate; there really wasn't a bad seat. I was blown away by the athleticism and the creative storyline that provided a multitude of interpretations. I loved it and can't wait to see other cirque shows!
5	*Jaw drops* WOW!You'll be doing that a couple times through out the show.  Very well choreographed and beautiful set.  The synchronized swimmers were amazing and the auditorium was beautiful.  You can say there is no bad seat in the house because the state is in the center.  Its amazing how they can have an aquatic stage that is so dynamic.I've seen most of the Cirque shows in Vegas and I have to say this is the best so far.  Yes, even better than O.
3	I will give this show the benefit of the doubt because I wasn't really feeling well when I saw it (Think 2.5 days of drinking in the Vegas sun) but I may have dozed off a number of times watching it. Best show in Vegas? Nah. I've seen plenty of Cirque shows in NY that were 10x better. The visuals were great at frst  but  how many times can I watch people dive into a pool? Boring. There was no storyline. Sure the seating arrangements were great(Not a bad seat in the house) and I've never seen a submerged stage before but it got boring after the first half hour. Should've seen The Beatles show instead.
5	My first Cirque show ever!! I gotta say, I LOVED IT!! It made me realize how much I've been missing out on all these cirque du soleil shows! I want to watch more. There's no bad seating, amazing dancing and acrobatic skills, it was just GREAT! My date seemed to love it too!! :)
5	WHAT A SHOW!!! Loved the stage, the artists, the lights, music and everything else. The stage is in a round setting, so no matter where you sit you will have a good view at what is going on in the middle. The water performances were fascinating. This show takes you to a whole new world of love, life, heart breaks, the good and the bad. I won't reveal much more! Please sit back and enjoy :-)
5	This is the best show in Vegas!I've seen nearly every show in Vegas and my top three shows have always been O, KA and Le Reve (in that order)...However, Wynn has made a number of exceptionally good changes within Le Reve that pushed this show off the charts. I know some people complained that the story line is lacking. Those people MUST HAVE either fell asleep in the beginning or the end of the show. I never read in depth description of the show and how it developed...but I have to say that the visual effects, the dynamics of the stage as well as the amazing stunts in this show were off the hook!If there is one show to watch in Vegas, Le Reve is it.
3	This is an obvious take on "O". The venue is quite intimate and truly there isn't bad seat in the house. The production values are great but not the best I have seen. Some good music and special FX. The tickets are quite expensive. 3.5 Stars overall.
1	"Eek! Methinks not" is exactly what I think about this production.First of all, Le Reve is NOT a Cirque du Soleil production; rather, it was created by Franco Dragone who also produced O, Quidam, Mystere, Alegria and La Nouba (O and Mystere at the Bellagio and TI, respectively) which are Cirque du Soleil shows.Now that that's been cleared up...Maybe it's because I saw O before I saw Le Reve, but I felt like I paid a hefty price for a knock-off. Yes, it's a spectacle, but not the most spectacular in Vegas of its kind and, if we're being nitpicky about what came first, not the most original. Dragone is a visionary and that goes undisputed. But my recommendation is O over Le Reve.
5	Phenomenal!  Don't get hung up on trying to find the "story" - just revel in the artistry. A must see.
1	TOP TEN DISAPPOINTING THINGS ABOUT LE REVE10.  The music was le bad.  Half of the music was blaring loud Norse God chanting -- made popular in action movie trailers.  The other half was a collection of the cheesiest first draft on the nose Off Broadway tunes you've ever heard -- music that explained to you what the visuals already have, but as if poorly translated from another language.I cannot stress how bad the music was.  At times, you smirked at it more than the clowns.  This is a DEAL breaker.09.  The show was mostly water acrobatics and wire work.  You know, people going up and down and up and down on wires.  Or people diving or falling into the water.  Cirque's 'O' water is way more diverse.  And poetic somehow.08.  Although every seat was awesome, the show wasn't.  So who cares if you can see everything from any seat when there's precious little too see?  Let me rephrase that -- there's much to see, but half of it either isn't engaging or gets repetitive after a while.07.  Good Cirque shows have an artistic cohesion.  Le Reve didn't.  There were too many things wedged in.  A Devil walking around.  Sexy legs in red high heels kicking from the water.  A dude that looked like he stepped out of LOTRs.   Giant flowers.  A samba number.  Clowns in suits.  A giant hydraulic machine.  I was waiting for the kitchen sink.06.  At the beginning of the show, a young voice insists we remember the show instead of taking pictures and videos.  Okay, very cute.  At the end, the same voice returns and actually gloats at how unforgettable the show was.  RED FLAG.  Let us decide if the proceedings were memorable.   And exploit a giggling child's voice to cover up a sloppy show?  DOUBLE RED FLAG.05.  The show is redundant in the Vegas sense.  O is far superior and only a little more money.04.  You call that a romance story?  I dare you to tell it back to me.  And don't tell me to find out what the story was offline.  If it's not IN the show, it's not IN the show.03.  Americans that are new to Cirque can find Cirque productions a little -- pardon my French Canadian -- fruity.  To be fair, the men of Cirque shows typically run around in flamboyant tights and in anally retentively organized androgynous packs.  So when Steve Wynn commissioned Dragone to create REVE without Cirque, there's this feeling he also asked Dragone to 'man up' Reve.  The evidence is all over this overly macho production, despite one clown that liked to kiss boys.  This theory becomes likely when this massive bald muscled man appears beside our heroine.  He's twice her height and size, a dude who just fell off a tank from Mad Max.  And when he beholds our femme fatale -- with a wrestler's body language -- you have no idea if he's going to pick her up in his arms OR tear her into shreds.  So the feminine side of Cirque was oddly removed from REVE, which makes the entire notion of it being romantic even more absurd.  This was an attempt at macho bad @$$ Cirque, which falls as flat on its face as gourmet Taco Bell.02.  Cirque shows, or in this case, Cirque-ish shows are best when you leave the show wanting to see it again soon.  In the case of Beatles LOVE, you might want to see it tomorrow.  O and Mystere warrant a return in a couple of years.  KA is a pleasant misfire and almost worth seeing once.  LE REVE is a "Could I have my money back please?".  It's that disappointing.01.  You're reading this and wondering why my rating is so low and others are so high.  You want to ignore me.  You fear you could miss something amazing.  I frankly can't tell you why many of the other reviewers are going ga-ga.  They are either plants on Yelp to sell Reve tickets, or they haven't seen 'O'. (UPDATE:  It turns out that Cirque's VIVA ELVIS is such a misfire that they're retooling it with more acrobatics from a recently close Cirque show called ZED.  This tells me that LE REVE could retool as well.  I'd rework the show to Madonna music.  But that's just me.)
5	I have seen many shows on the strip before and I think this may be the best show I have seen yet. I enjoyed everything about this show. My husband and I did sit in the splash zone and did get a few drops of water on us. No biggie as we were both engrossed in the show.Many people said that O was a better show. I haven't seen that one but I have seen Zumanity, Mystere, and Ka. So this is what my review is based upon.
5	WOW....What a beautiful show and it has its own unique image and movement to it. everyone else who said they didnt like it and gave it a 1 star. You are on crack. stop thinking everything 3rd dimensional, take a chill pill and just go and relax with your significant other, and enjoy the show. i mean people going up and down on a wire, with incredible strength and balance was very interesting to watch, and those high jumps were scary too. Stop taking everything so personal and have fun and relax. Vegas and Vegas shows are made to have fun and relax.
4	For having no discernable plot, this is an amazingly captivating show.  If you're not simply astounded by the talent and artistry of it all, I feel sorry for you.
3	I wasn't that impressed I think it could be better. It was something nice to do but I think watching it once was enough for me.
4	had a great time, this was a fun show. A little different from the usual Cirque shows but that's not a bad thing. Fun music, great performers. my only dislike is the fact that despite purchasing tickets earlier and told to pick up at 'will call', you still have to wait in the long line to get your tickets as there is not a booth designated as "will call."
4	I have to cavort the four stars with the statement that I really had a bad headache that night so it could have gotten the five stars if I was feeling better.  I have seen O so had some concept of what we were about to see but I think this one might have been better then O (It has been a while since I went to O).  We had seats at the top row, and if I go back I think I want something a little closer. The stage (pool) is in the center with the seats setup 360 degrees so every seat is great.  Ours had a TV screen showing behind the scenes action which was nice but we were right next to a sound booth which blocked the view some.  I think a better seat would be close to the center of the rows and half way down.The show has some really great music and was telling a story that I enjoyed.  There is some repetition of action between acts but they story has a good pace so it was fun to watch.  Lots of flying around, diving, and dancing.  It is hard to do much more then that in these shows.
5	Great show! Sat in Section C Row F seats 3 and 4 and the view was perfect! Though I doubt anyone had a bad view because the theater is small and round. We saw the later show and noticed the crowd was a little older, probably because all the people our age were already in line for XS (thanks but no thanks I'd rather be seeing a show).Anyways, this show was extremely visually pleasing. The colors, the costumes, the talent, it was all so fun to watch! I think the story could be more clearly depicted but other than that I have no complaints. Everything was executed so perfectly, I almost felt like I was watching an edited movie.I've also seen Ka during a different Vegas trip and they're equally awesome to me. I think I might have even enjoyed Le Reve a little more..
4	There is a French proverb that says, "Hope is the dream of a soul awake."Le Reve is as the name says... the dream. It is fantasy and humor, love and sex and passion, tentative confidence, ego, envy, jealousy, sublime happiness and, most of all, hope.Amazing lighting effects, a mostly fantastic theater, and mostly beautiful music (I actually want to find the soundtrack, I need to go back to the company store and see what I can find).This was overshadowed (in a good way) by the fantastic acrobatics, creative dance/swim/light/dive combinations. Fire, fire, fire! Loved how they handled that inclusion, and with a water theater, I found it to be very creative!For me, there was a little too much on the jazz hands portions - minor, overall, but they made me feel like the show was trying too hard to offer a little something for everyone.The costumes, the evolving characters, and the story follow along a fairly tight line; there is a continuity that could often be lost in so much theatrics, but Le Reve did well to keep it on task and on track. The show was expertly evocative of feeling, gasps of delight, and oh-my-god-look-at-that-guy-fall!The theater is not made for anyone taller than 5'4" tall (I am 5'9" without my fave 4" heels...) so there was no leg room to speak of. Arriving a few minutes early was necessary to get our middle-of-the-row seats and not topple ourselves or others trying to scramble through. HOWEVER... once you are seated and as comfortable as your height will allow, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. The main event being the center of the theater, of course, there are also goings-on around three or four points in the theater. Little extras, mischief, dance numbers and stunts can be seen from everywhere in the place.Overall a fun show, a lot of smiles, and a bit of dreamy happiness.
4	Really good show.  The production value was great.  The acrobatics and such were good, but not as awesome as cirque shows.the theatre is wonderful.  There's not rally a bad seat in the house.  The first couple rows might get a little bit of water splash, but it didn't look severe.  definitely worth seeing.
4	Incredible visual show.  I loved the arena seating.  The further you sit back the better.  It makes no sense story wise but it makes up for in spectacle.  I would say this is a must see if you are in vegas.  The production value is off the charts.  If you really feel like spending the money you can by the top seats that have the plasma screens.  Those show all of the action that is going on under the water.
3	The idea of the show is interesting but the repetition of the same acrobatic routines gets redundant. However, overall this show was ok.
5	Very beautiful show! I had great seats and they were worth every penny!  Former olympic gymnasts are part of the cast, but everything from the costumes, to the music and the lighting are high quality!
3	Solid 3.The spectacle is amazing. I love the colors, the crazy stage, the water, and the dancing. I love that the stage is circular, and that you can see all the action from no matter where you are sitting. This is not a typical Cirque show, and it isn't even a Cirque de Soleil production. Let's sum it up:Pros: - Beautiful dancing- Synchronized swimming, which is severely underutilized as an art form in my opinion- Cool surprises like flowers popping out, curtains/drapes disappearing, the stage appearing and disappearing, lights, flowers, and water everywhere. - It truly was something beautiful for the eyes to behold. Cons:- It got pretty mundane after a while. It was beautiful, yes, but I'm used to Cirque shows that have a lot of acrobatics and gymnastics. There's just mostly splashing/jumping/dropping/diving into the water and light dancing here. It was fun to watch, but I couldn't help feeling as though there could be more. I understand the stage is very wet, and it is unsafe for the performers to do anything too strenuous on the wet stage, but they could have done some crazier and more exciting things while harnessed. Once you watch the show, you'll know what I mean. - Big humanoid doll thing floating down -- UGH. Scared the bejeezus out of me. - Weird computer baby talking to us to say goodbye and hello/spiel re: no cameras, no phones, and keep your baby at home. -- Annoying and not within the theme. All in all, I'm really glad we went, since it was my in-laws' first Cirque-esque show, and they loved it, but I will be going to a different show next time for sure.
5	FANTASTIC, AMAZING, AWESOME!  Right now the is dark, but I had the chance to see La Reve prior to it going dark for changes.  What a privilege.  The performers are stupendous.  I may be biased because I know several of the performers, but this show is worth EVERY PENNY!  Great fro kids over 10.  See it the next time you're here in Sin City!
5	Amazing show.Expensive- $150 a person but probably worth itTheir use of the constantly shifting pool is mind blowing.Every seat is a good seat.Kinda trippy which I liked.The babies in the beginning definitely set the scene.I'm not sure I understand what the show is about but does that really matter?Synchronized swimming was stunning.The weird huge lady that drops for a minute was super strange but kept you thinking about it haha.Overall, I would venture to say it's the best show in Vegas. So if you must spend a crap ton of money on a Vegas show, this is the one.
3	If you have never seen a water Cirque du Soleil show and are a fan of synchronized swimming and diving, go see it.  It was entertaining in the stage mechanics, impressive show of athleticism & lots of buff eye candy, but it bugged me that it had no comprehensible flowing story. I mean that there was kind of a story around the edges but some things were just plain weird. What was with the giant mechanical doll/woman? Also, after a while it got a bit repetitive. I don't regret seeing it because I was curious to know what it was, but I definitely wouldn't see it again.
4	I've yet to see 'O', so I can't really compare this show to the other Vegas water show. However, I did definitely enjoy myself and the water added an interesting element.First of all, the theater is fantastic. It is quite small and done "in the round". There literally is not a bad spot in the house. And it is unique in that I don't know of another Vegas show that is 360.The storyline is all a little fuzzy and the music very much leaves something to be desired. And, ok, the acrobatics aren't really different from any of the Cirque shows. That said, though, the swimming elements, the acrobatics into the water, the things popping up from and going down in the water, the streams of water as people rise up from the water, etc. is really fantastic.And unlike some other shows, it isn't too long. At 75 minutes, it's kind of the perfect length.Bonus / Tip: They DO offer a locals discount!
3	Certain things about this show were well done...- the stage was pretty awesome, and it didn't seem as though there would be a bad seat in the house.-the concept was interesting (but was slightly hard to follow)-of course the performers were incredible and talented.The reason I only gave it three stars is because I felt for the price (and i do realize the shows on the strip are pricey) I would definitely pass on this show.  Like I said, the concept was very abstract and slightly hard to follow. I think that I would rather watch any of the other shows I have seen over this one.  I love the arts and theatre, but I was dissapointed by this one.
4	Amazing set, the performers do things that are just mind blowing. I couldn't really follow the entire story, but got the gist of it. The story line isn't why you go anyway. Overall enjoyable experience.
4	When I first moved here 6 years ago, this was the very first show I saw. I was in complete awe.  I loved the small theater, the acrobatics, and artistry.  I thought, "If every show is like this, I can see why Vegas is the Entertainment Capital of the world!" I had never seen anything like it.  It was exhilarating, thought provoking, and scary at times.I've seen other Vegas shows since then, and none of them have quite matched the splendor I got from La Reve. Maybe it's just because it was my first show and so everything was amazing to me, but La Reve holds a special place in my heart and I always recommend it.
5	The most pleasant suprise for a birthday...THANKS BABY! I loved this show! Not one bad seat in the house! Get there early as the show def starts on time and if you're late...you'll be waiting outside the doors for 10-15 minutes.
5	My bf and I were staying at the Encore, and part of the package came with comp tickets to the show. We both enjoyed the show. To me, the show was quite amazing. I would love to watch this again, if there's a good deal out there!
4	Very very entertaining! Lots and lots to see, be sure you are seated at least three rows from the front as you will be tilting your head back to view acrobatics all night. However the theater is not that big so don't feel the need to spring for crazy expensive or high seats. The story can be a little difficult to follow so be sure you are paying attention, no one really speaks. The performers are incredible! Definitely worth seeing, a clean show with lots of entertainment and excitement!
2	Got repetitive, real quick. Too many things going on. I feel that every motion should be meaningful. This was not the case, it felt that half the times performers were waiting for their queue. One great thing about this is the stage. Anywhere you sit is a good seat.Verdict: Go watch the O show instead.
5	My husband and I went to Las Vegas last  year.We stayed at the Palazzo and decided to go to La Reve show.We really enjoyed it.The performers were doing amazing things and the stage was unbelievable with all the colorfull decore,the water on stage,the lights etc.
5	I don't care who you are. This show will totally leave you feeling like they did the impossible. Extremely entertaining. I still don't know how they were able to do some of the things they did. We had great seats but I dont think it would have mattered. It's definitely something you should do if in Vegas.
5	Water + dancing + acrobatics.....Loved this show.  Some similarities to Cirque O because both involve water but I feel like Le Reve has more dancing and the venue is a bit smaller and more intimate.   I don't want to say too much about it since you should see it yourself, but just expect to be amazed by the acrobatics, diving, dancing, music, costumes and decor.    Even my fiance who is so not into dancing or musicals, liked this show a lot.The food at the concession is pricey of course.  9 bucks for a small bucket of popcorn.  Geez Vegas.  A little cup of beer was expensive too but can't remember how much.  I recommend filling up before coming or be ghetto like me and sneak something in your big bag.There isn't a bad seat in the house since the stage/water is in the middle surrounded by the seats.  Bought our tickets for around 110 bucks from the discount kiosk on the strip the day before we wanted to see this show.
4	This was my first water show in Vegas! It was not what I was expecting, but in a good way. We sat higher up away from the splash zone (which I appreciated because I didn't want to get wet). This show had more of a plot than some of the Cirque du Soleil shows and the stunts were pretty cool. Definitely not one to miss!
5	So utterly beautiful and breathtaking. Loved this show so much.Such wonderfully talented people. I'd see this show another 90 thousand million hundred trillion times.
4	Had heard so many great things about Le Reve, that we decided this trip we would make it a point to see this show.  A word of caution about getting your tickets - buying over the web doesn't seem to give you much choice in your seating.  I found that calling the box office connected me to a person who gave me lots of helpful information, and allowed us to choose the exact 2 seats that we would be getting.The show is a mix of dancing, synchronized swimming and aerial stunts.  There are no obstructed views and there really isn't a bad seat in the house, so it's just a question of doing you like being close to the performers, or being able to see the whole thing from farther away.  The stage is also extremely interesting - sometimes it's dry, sometimes the performers are ankle deep in water, and sometimes they are doing dives from 30 or 40 feet up.  There are also some really amazing tricks, and if you saw the guy who does the air walk with the street lamp, then you know exactly what I mean!  It's a minor complaint, but If there's one thing that I found difficult, it was that at some parts of the show there were so many things going on that it was hard to know where to concentrate one's attention.  There was a pretty cool move where the girls did some kind of jump or basket throw, but I only saw the catch at the end, because I wasn't looking at the right location on stage.     There are some humorous skits sprinkled in, and overall I thought it was an amazing show.  The closer you sit to the stage, the more you will have to look up.  Knowing what I know now, I would pick the seats farthest away from the stage, because it allows you to watch all of the action.
5	A SHOW TO SEE WHILE YOUR IN VEGAS!!! the show was simply mind blowing....im not going to give any secrets away in this review....you just have to go see it =))
5	WOOOOO!!  One of my fave shows in Las Vegas!!!!!!!  :DLove the theater, its circular, so everyone has a great view.  I love that they can change the water effect.  Once you see a platform, a while later, its a pool!  The show's storyline is easy to follow.  The artists are awesome!!  They are so talented.I wanna come back again cuz it has been a while...
5	Love love love this show. I can't get enough of Cirque or Cirque-type shows. Good thing I live in Vegas where there are a plethora of options available to be on any given day. I have seen this show on four occasions and I can't get enough. It's a theater in the round, which I find adds to the spectacle. Like O, it primarily takes place in water and with the theater being situated the way it is, there are no bad seats. There is humor, athleticism and whimsy which creates a show that takes you to a place you've never been before. I am in awe of all the athletes in the show and I always leave wanting more. There isn't anything more to ask for than that. See it, you won't be disappointed.
4	The show was impressive but the storyline was a bit foggy. Throughout the show I was hypnotize by how talented the performers are/ Towards the end the performers did a zumba number (dancing) and it simply seemed out of place.
5	Wonderful show!!  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  Beautiful theater with great seating... "not a bad seat in the house" is really accurate.
4	Even though LE REVE is not a Cirque du Solei show, it certainly felt like one.  It had the usual acrobatics & dancing, but what interested me the most was the water stuff - diving, synchronized swimming, etc.I guess the only thing that set LE REVE and other Cirque du Solei performances is that this performance is held in a much smaller theater.  I personally loved the circular theater because there is no "Bad" seats.  However, you might want to stay away from a first few rows of the theaters because you might get "splash".  Personally, I like staying dry while I sip on my drink and enjoy the performance.Overall, I loved this show and would recommend it to my friends.
4	Very entertaining show! You have your moments where you think to yourself "they aren't really going to do that, are they???"Based on a recommendation, my friend and I decided to see Le Reve instead of "O." (Still hoping to see "O" the next time I'm in Vegas). Le Reve has your typical acrobatic stunts but instead of performing on a dry stage full, stunts are performed in the/with water. Plenty of synchronized swimming, which I am not much of a fan of, so I thought those parts of the performance lost my interest. The diving and flipping in the air from ridiculous heights made the show very entertaining and showed off each individuals acrobatic skills. The story is a bit confusing, and was almost like a 'Alice in Wonderland' type adventure. Next stop, "O."BTW there are concession stands by the front lobby, but there isn't much to choose from. =T
3	The biggest downside to this for me was that I am a huge Cirque fan and this just seems like a poor imitation. The combination of acrobatics and water performance was interesting, but the "dream" lacked substance and creativity that I've become accustomed to in Cirque de Soleil Shows.  The venue, however is nice and I don't believe there is a bad seat in the house. I think Wynn is the nicest of the casino/hotels around.
5	Beautiful show.  Classical with a lot of acrobatics.  Very dark, great story about heaven/hell, good/evil.LOVE LOVE LOVE!The cheapest tickets are for the first two rows because they are in the "splash zone".  You barely get splashed.  In my opinion these are the BEST SEATS in the house because you are right up front, and not to mention they are the cheapest is a huge plus!  Try to get the seats in the B row, so you are the second row and have less chances of getting "splashed".
4	My unbiased rating is 4 stars but my biased rating would be somewhere around 2.5-3 stars.I've never been interested in watching a cirque de soleil show and this is my first one.  It had a lot less backflips and crazy acrobatics then i expected....much more interpretive dancing type stuff.   Either way the stuff these guys and gals do are very impressive and i'm sure anyone that is a fan of these types of shows would enjoy Le Reve.Personally i would never pay the 100+ dollars to watch these shows but we got free tickets so yay!
4	This show is beautiful!  It has stunning acrobatics that unfold into beautiful imagery.  I sat a row or two back from the splash zone and was fine.  I would suggest avoiding the first few rows or wear something you dont mind getting wet.
5	This is an incredible show! It was so worth the money. I had really good seats courtesy of AngeLiKa Boutique Concierge. Awesome price for the tickets, awesome seats, awesome show! See for yourself. Nuff-said.
3	The Skinny: great customer service when booking by phone (5!) but a show that lacks spectacle and story (3).Okay, the travelzoo promotion site was down so I had to call the reservation line to book tickets for La Reve this weekend. Expecting to wait on the line for at least 2-3 minutes, I'd settled down with a cup of tea, a book and comfy slippers.To my surprise, the phone was answered in less than a minute. I'm not even sure I heard the dialtone! The lady on the line was super friendly and took my order for 3 tickets right away. We started chatting about Vegas and I mentioned that I was a local."A local? Let me look and see if the locals deal can apply to your tickets for you." Say what? "Okay, it looks like the locals deal is better for you. Let me go ahead and apply that discount." But I looked online and there wasn't a locals deal advertised currently. "Sometimes we don't advertise about the local deal but the promotion is ongoing." Sweet! How's that for excellent customer service? That is 5-star service folks!Now on to the actual performance.Le Reve is definitely a dream... like as in the what-the-hell-is-going-on-here kind of nightmare. At its essence, the show lacked that one key thread that holds everything together - a storyline.It starts off with this girl in white with her boyfriend who sits on a park bench which becomes immersed in water. Then the girl is dressed in red. Let the odd dreams sequences with all these bald dudes begin!Really, the best parts of the show were the clowns. They literally stole the show and ought to have a larger role throughout the piece. They seemed to be the only ones during the show that actually were trying to tell the audience something. There is a lot of dancing/synchronized swimming so don't expect many acrobatic feats during this production. Not to mention the majority of the acrobatic feats are aerial in nature. So if you don't like aerialists or dancers, don't go to this show!To be honest with you, I think that the acrobats/dancers must work their patootie off for this production because they definitely perform numerous roles within the show. However it's a major flaw that these obviously talented, versatile people don't get their moment to shine. During the show, there's so many things going on all at once, the actual performance of the individuals gets lost in the frey. It's a too much sensory overload and it shows.Although some of the sequences were quite beautiful, they lack cohesiveness and personality to make this a truly great show. For that, this show gets a 3 starred review.
5	I've seen plenty of Las Vegas shows (including Cirque shows...which this is not) and Le Reve is simply the best (even as a huge Phantom fan I must admit this!)  For anyone who loves dance, art, a little fantasy and breathe taking visuals, you will love this.  I was fully engaged every minute of this show, it has a little bit of something for everyone: latin dancing, aerials, synchronized swimming, diving, contemporary dancing, even some tribal dancing.  But the best part of this show is that you no matter where you sit, your seats are good because the show is in the round.  The cheap seats are right in the front.  Personally, I would rather sit in the front or middle than up top (the expensive seats) because you're right in it, even if you don't have the best view of some of the aerials.  Again, Le Reve is a must see -- breathtaking and gorgeous!
3	La reve was a cool show. Amazing physique on all the dancers. Up to 30-35 ft dives. However, does not live up to Cirque de Soleil's "O" - the ultimate water acrobatics show.
3	Um, no thank you. If it hadn't been a part of our super inexpensive room/show/buffet package at Encore, we would've never paid to see Le Reve.  Let's start with the positives:1) The stage is circular and everyone has a good seat2) The show is short so it's done just before you fall asleep3) The performers are truly talentedNow the not-so-positives:1) The show has so much happening at once but is so boring at the same time2) The show is not visually pleasing. There are monster-looking people coming out of the side, from underwater, from the top. It's kind of overwhelming.3) The storyline seems silly. Was it about a girl's dream in which she kept "trying" out new guys but ended up with the same guy that she started with? Dating doesn't work quite the same way as buying clothes...4) They let you bring drinks in plastic cups but there aren't any cup holders on the seats.
4	Beautiful, artful, acrobatic, graceful.This Las Vegas show tells a story, incorporates salsa dancing, acrobats, divers, synchronized swimmers, crazy stunts, and beautiful water, lights, and effects.  The performers are truly talented and they're all very fit and muscular too.What made Le Reve very entertaining was how the stunts were done with water and up the ceiling in the air - it was as if they were angels from heaven that could do the splits. Some stunts/acts you think to yourself "They're not REALLY gonna do that.. are they..?!?!""Holy crap they're strong""Nice legs." No really, all the women had nice legs. And I'm straight. Just sayin.The only thing was the story was a bit confusing, my boyfriend and I thought the show was nice with crazy stunts but couldn't quite capture the whole story, other than there's a good and evil and the protagonist is in a dream. The auditorium is circular and any seat in the house is a good view for the show, but the higher up, the better view to see everything, and the most expensive. Vegas.com was $115.50 for the middle aisles on the Saturday night show, but we ended up buying them at the Wynn which were more expensive, about $125.  2 tickets plus tax making them $300! =X It was our first Vegas show, so was it worth it? I'd say so, it was a good show but man is that expensive for a 90 minute show. But hey, it's Vegas and in the Wynn. Would we see it again? Meh, we'll prob save the money for another. (I hear the "O" show is the best!) But yes, I would still recommend watching Le Reve while you're in Vegas. Don't think, just do. You're in VEGAS!!! ;)
4	Great show! I loved it more when it first opened.
1	After seeing many Cirque shows I cannot give Le Reve a good review!  The only good thing is the seating.  There is not a bad seat in the house.  The story is weird and pretty *yawn* boooringgggg.  My boyfriend almost feel asleep :(
4	My first experience with this type of show - its was overwhelming to say the least.There was so much to take in - the music, lights, characters, divings, acrobatics...Hope to get the opportunity to see it again later in the year!!!
3	Imagine a Hong Kong born girl, having only stayed at the states for about a year, watch her first Cirque Show not knowing to expect at all - except that the whole concept was supposed to be about a dream (from its literal translation from french) One of my aunts just happened to have an extra ticket for the show and took me along with her in 2009. The theatre was artsy fartsy to say the least, there was a bed at the centre of their circular stage which sparked my curiousity the moment I entered. Despite the amazing acrobatics and deep diving, I wasn't as impressed with the storyline as I would've thought. Like any real dream in REM, it was a little jumbled up in my opinion...there was a lot of colors, aquatics, stunts going on that I couldn't really follow the whole plot of the show (if there actually was one) At times it felt trippy (which isn't a bad thing at all) and the music was out of this world.If you happen to be visiting Vegas, I'd recommend you try out other cirque shows (e.g. KA and a beatles fan, LOVE) but if you're a local feeling adventurous with some extra cash to spend on a show, by no means try it out :)
4	Im glad I watched it. I wouldn't go back. I think I would try something new. It was amazing! The entertainers were at their best. There was stuff going on everywhere. The stuff they did was unbelievable! Remarkable.
5	I have seen a lot of Vegas shows (O, Mystere, etc) and this one takes the top prize!!!We were jokingly going to take in Thunder Down Under to get our fill of hot guys, but never fear!  Le Reve does not disappoint! There are about 50 hunks with amazing muscles to gawk over here!Graceful theatrics and a beautiful, intimate feeling sitting in the circular theatre. I was blown away by the scenery, the lighting, the music and of course, the dancing in the water. What a thrill to experience this show. Literally everyone around us left saying "this was the BEST show we have ever seen!!!" GO SEE IT! What are you waiting for!?!
5	I have seen this show 2 times, and I am planning to see it again!  I have seen Ka at MGM, and Ovo in Santa Monica, and those just do not compare to Le Reve.  I literally sat in awe with my mouth open during the entire Le Reve performance.  I'm afraid to see another Cirque show (please note, this is not technically Cirque de Soleil but essentially it is) for fear that it won't be as good.  The aerial stunts are amazing, and the performers' bodies are insane.  I'd say a good seat is somewhere halfway up the rows.  And don't worry about where you are otherwise; the round theater makes all seating great!
3	There's no bad seats in this venue, but we got VIP seating for the chocolates and champagne..lol and there is a private monitor to view behind the stage/underwater chaos that takes place during the show.  Ushers and hostess were awesome.  We had a loud couple next to us and the usher offered to move us if it wasn't tolerable.  This was the good.The bad.I'm not a big fan of cirque productions, so I can't say I enjoyed it.  It's typical though, if you like that kind of show. I've seen Mystere and Ka also and I would rate those the same.  Impressive stuff though.
5	AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!WOW! This was the BEST show we have ever seen. We have seen many other shows in the past, but this tops it all.  The seats are all good seats, because of the round theater.  The fee's were not that bad, considering, you could of gambled that money away. To us, it was worth every penny. This show had a combination of everything:Romance, Humor, Dancing, Diving, Acrobatics, Music, Color, etc... truly the best ever. would I see it again? yes, over and over and over! would I recommend it to anyone? YES everyone!!!
5	My boyfriend and I went to the 7pm show.  The person who took our reservation on the phone was telling the truth when she said there is not a bad seat in the house.  The seats surround the stage.  I don't want to tell too much about the actual storyline because I don't want to ruin it for those that plan to see it.  The sound and light system are great.  The people in the show are so athletic and entertaining! There is so much action to watch above you, behind you, in the isles, on stage...I plan to see the show again and take my sisters.
5	Hands down, this is probably THE best show I've seen in thus far and I've seen a lot in Vegas. Intimate venue and not a bad seat in the house, except for the splash zone of course. We sat 5 rows behind the splash seats and it was just fine! I was blown away by this show and I know it sounds corny, but it's truly magical. The costumes, the colors, the talent was put together so brilliantly. I highly recommend this show. It's very comparable to the infamous Cirque "O", but the main difference is the size of the production. I felt that O had too much going on and I would have to watch it a few more times just to appreciate every aspect of the show. La Reve, on the other hand is more focused and intimate while delivering the same quality and talent. LOVED IT!!
5	Extraordinary.
2	I wouldn't have watched this show if it weren't for the two free complimentary tickets that I received for staying at Encore for two nights. This show is not worth $125 per ticket. Mabye more like $70 per ticket. I've seen lots of shows in Vegas including Mystere, O, KA (my favorite), and Beatles Love.-I felt that they spent too much money overdoing the show with stage changes and random props hanging from strings. They tried too hard to make it the most epic water-aerial show ever. You see synchronized swimmers splashing around in a large fountain, trapeze artists swinging from boulders,  dancers and martial artists dancing on sidewalks with water (which doesn't make any sense) , divers leaping off a 3-story set, and then four large flowers opening up at the end of the show! I don't know but what is up with Vegas shows and large, fat props? Is that how you're supposed to end the show with a big bang? I sat on the aisle so those fat flowers blocked half the stage, and I could only see half the cast during their curtain call.Large, random props hanging from strings from dining tables to some creepy, giant, female mannequin do not help improve the show. It was like Alice In Wonderland on crack.-The plot was really bad. I couldn't tell what was going on. I couldn't even follow the story. The show would have been better without a story. I'll tell you the whole story just so you can save yourself a hundred bucks.The story starts out with a gentleman taking a woman out on a date. She waits for him and he doesn't come back so she falls asleep on a bench. Her dream starts out with a nightmare. The bald, male creatures of the night crawl out but later on become friends with her throughout the show. Can someone please explain to me why do most of the half-naked, male performers have to be bald?The magicians do this magic trick on her where she changes her dress three times! Oooo! Throughout the show her dress changed from white to red to blue to red to white. What is the point to that? In fact, I already know how to do that magic trick. Think of the woman wearing a multi-layered, reversible dress. Now peel down the bodice as if you're peeling a banana peel to reveal another layer of a different color dress underneath. You get the picture. My advice is to stick with the same dress for the rest of the show!The woman served no purpose in the show whatsoever. All she did was do one dance number. So why do they focus on her so much? The show could go on without her. At the end of the show, she doesn't even wake up from the bench. She gets reunited with the same gentleman. They both dive into the water and then they crawl onto the stage and get into bed together. That was it? What was that supposed to be all about? She falls asleep just so she could fall asleep again (this time with a man and not on a bench)? There was no climactic ending to the show except for maybe the big, fat flowers we've all been waiting for.-There were some really dry, boring moments throughout the show. The aerials looked cool at first but it's slow. After watching aerial acrobats going up and down like yo-yo's half the time, it becomes pure torture. -If the show wasn't boring, then it was confusing. There was too much action going on at once that I couldn't tell where the focus of the show was. -The music sucked! They kept playing the theme song over and over throughout the entire show like a broken record. The composer that they hired was nowhere near the level of Cirque du Soleil.-Unless you love water shows, synchronized swimmers, and slow aerials, go watch another Cirque show such as Mystere, O, KA, Love, or Viva Elvis instead. They have far better acrobats that do incredible acts. Le Reve wasn't terribly bad but wasn't all that great. -I don't intend on watching this show again. I wouldn't recommend it to my friends. I don't want them to feel jipped. Think about it. If you had $125, how would you spend it? Going to Disneyland is much cheaper. At least I didn't have to pay to watch this show.-If you're having a "girls night out," skip Le Reve! Go watch Thunder From Down Under instead (unless you're under 21)! The Aussies are a million times more chiseled than the bald, half-naked men of Le Reve. Plus the Aussies are really sweet, down-to-earth, and very entertaining. You can even meet them after the show.
2	I judge a show by how many times I check my cell phone during the middle (don't worry I'm discrete).During La Reve, I excused myself and played on my phone in the bathroom.  I would rather sit through Constitutional Law as a 1L all over again.Boring.  Loved every Cirque (except Zumanity) and many other Vegas shows, so this is the standard to which I hold La Reve.  It failed.
4	Show: 5/5 GREAT GREAT GREAT show, if your looking for a show with magic, trapeze artist, actors, synchronized swimmers & more. This is a great show for all ages. GREAT interpenetration of demons, angels, & how a women finds the courage to love. GREAT SHOWTicket Price: 3/5 $105 Splash zone $129 Premium seating $155 Dream seating $195 VIP indulge seating. Pretty pricey for a show that's only about 90 minutes I actually thought it was 2 hrs. BUT I was discounted on my tickets so I was a happy camper.Stage: 5/5 Really there's no bad seat unless you get the splash zone, during my show people didn't really get splashed but there were times they were close to. BUT even if you get the splash zone seats the they're really in your face you really feel part of the show. So there's pro's and cons.TIPS: - For $50 OFF your ticket price find a local Vegan and go to Wynn and buy the tickets there.- The theater guides aren't always correct (gave me wrong directions ended up walking around the whole stage looking for my seats in HEELS!)- Try not sitting in the in the H row, I felt like there was always 1 light beaming on my face blinding me.
5	My first show and I loved it! It is magical and awe-inspiring. My jaws dropped a couple of times and I was laughing and smiling a lot! All in all a GREAT show. I got splash zone tickets as they were the cheapest and it was a lot of fun as we could see a lot of the things up close - just watch out for a little water.
2	This show was  an expensive snooze fest.  What there is of a plot is boring, the music is spacey, and the peaceful sound of flowing water put me to sleep.  I would not recommend this show and I would not go back.  I've been to Cirque shows and loved them.  Not so with this show.  The venue is nice and customer service for getting the tickets was great.  There are better shows in Vegas.
5	This has to be one of the BEST shows I've ever seen!  I highly recommend  this show, is a must see in Las Vegas!
5	A perfectly entertaining dream.
5	Le Reve is one of my favorite shows. It's like a cirque show, and it may seem like a cirque show, but sorry guys its not a cirque show. Who cares though! The show is amazing! Very fun, intimate, and sensual. They have such a fun interior as well. The show performs in a very deep (I think 100 foot) pool. It consists of fun dance choreography, stunts, dives, and acrobatics.If you are all for getting a little wet, I'd suggest to book seats at the water zone area. We had great seats a little up top of the theater. I like staying up high so I can get a full view of everything that's going on. Being up close at shows makes my eyes hurt because of all the effects, lighting, and movement everywhere. The great part also is that every seat is a good seat, and you get a great view of everything. Just a heads up, the wet zone is NOT a VIP zone if you think being upfront is always the VIP or best section. VIP section is actually at the very top. If you're willing to fork up a little extra cash, you get nice comfy seats, a bottle of champagne, and chocolate strawberries (I lurked at the VIPs and saw...)If you're looking for a nice anniversary show, or a REALLY IMPRESSIVE date, I'd definitely suggest this place.
4	my first Vegas show! .. so maybe my review is a little biased based on that but I had a really great time.My boyfriend got the VIP special - big cushion seats, champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and chocolates.. pretty girl to pour our champagne. I thought the show had great dancing and some cool acrobatics.. however it might have lacked a clear story line. I left asking myself "wait.. what was that about? a dream? I don't get it.."But the music, lights and performers coming from all over the place really made it cool. I definitely would recommend going to see the show. Some people are giving it 1 or 2 stars and I really don't think the show deserves that bad of ratings :(I also looked at a lot of reviews trying to see what people dress like at shows because I had never been..So here's a *TIP: A lot of people dress up for shows.. nothing too crazy but they look like they're going somewhere. I saw some girls in clubbing attire (a little too much) and some girls in jeans and sandals (not enough).
4	The stuff of dreams.  I was very impressed with this show--from the dancing, to the acrobatics, to the water ballet.  Most delightful, for me, were the synchronized swimmers and the crazy aerial stunts (I caught myself gasping several times!). A visual feast for the eyes, especially the ending sequence, as you can see from the photos. The venue is also well structured, with no seat further than 40 feet away from the stage.The only thing I didn't like was the music (too cheesy) and some of the scenes (a dangling bed? I suppose that's relevant considering the plot seems to be about a dubious virgin who is scared to accept a marriage proposal and commit to sleeping with just one man). Nonetheless, it is overall a thoughtfully choreographed show that is entertaining and unique in its usage of water. If you have never seen it before and seek a departure from the usual Cirque du Soleil fare, I highly recommend La Reve.
2	I was SO excited to see this show, but was just not impressed.  Seemed to me like a small-scale watered down version of O.  It was not terrible by any means, but for being one of the most expensive shows in Vegas, I was disappointed.
5	Apparently, this is everything Wynn wanted in a Cirque show but couldn't get at the Bellagio. I can't compare this to "O" or "Ka"; but have seen Mystere and Love and would rate this the best one yet!Although it doesn't have the "Cirque" title; this show was apparently produced by the original creators of Mystere.  Amazing and extremely technical & difficult acts to execute especially since the "dancers" are wet!  The "ballroom" dancing does get a bit old though.I want to learn more about the stage and how the dancers managed to stay under water for so long.  Simply amazing, and totally worth the $250 price tag for 2 people.
4	Very visually beautiful show, there was so much to look at sometimes it was difficult to know where to actually look!  Still not 100% sure what it was about, but enjoyed it very much.  And Tito, thanks for the heavy hand on the chardonnay!
3	This was a visually stunning show.  I really enjoyed it. There was a story line/plot, but I didn't really follow it.  It didn't make a lot of sense to me.   I couldn't figure out what certain characters were there for. Luckily, the acrobatics and the effects and the pure talent of the performers made up for the confusing plot.  As with many shows like this, the music started to annoy me after me  a while.  It all sounded the same and I think the show could be made better with a better soundtrack.
5	This is the absolute best show I've every seen. We took our chances and sat in the "wet zone" and it seriously was the most memorable purchase I made in Vegas. The stage is built on a huge tank of water and the gymnasts do tricks both in and out of the water. Words can't describe how great the show was, you HAVE to see it to believe it.
5	A deserved 5 stars. Literally, during the entire show my mouth was hanging open in sheer amazement. So impressive and absolutely breathtaking!! The Wynn Theater is much smaller and intimate compared to others. The stage is center, bottom floor and the seats wrap around and rise upwards in a circular arrangement. It doesn't matter where your seat is, every seat is a good seat because its so small. When walking in, the feeling is misty and slightly humid because of the pool main stage. "Le Reve" means The Dream in french. Really, I felt like I was a part of this whimsical dream! Beautiful costumes, stunning aerobics/gymnastics/dancing, design of the set was genius and constantly changing, and the live music was spectacular! Every single person in the show is an astounding athlete. And just when you think one portion of the show was amazing, the next comes along and tops the last! A show that is continually jaw-dropping and full of talented people. Highly recommended. A show that I will never forget.*no photos during the show... but we snuck some :)
5	Awesome show. It was spectacular!!!!!  Must see!
5	I would see it again!  This was a beautiful show with spectacular choreography and incredible stunts.  In a word - awesome!
5	I love to write reviews, but when it comes to Vegas shows, I like to keep it simple. This show is awesome!It's busy, as in way too many amazing things happening at once, but I can't hate on that. The tickets were comped b/c I dropped 4 grand at the blackjack table. Kidding! The tickets were free b/c my girlfriend was randomly selected by the marketing group Wynn uses to give out perks. It may not be worth $142 a ticket (it can get more expensive dependent upon where you like to sit) but it's really cool.
5	From the beginning to the end, it was a fantastic dream.
4	I really live the intimate setting and the choreography was amazing.  I really liked the story line.  Amazing performers...they were all over the place.  My favorite part of the show were the diving techniques.  Amazing heights and spins.  The mechanical stages were also impressive.  How deep is that water?!?!  Glad we went!
5	Stunning aquabatics - actors/acrobats are beautifully talented and athletic. Choreography and coordination are superb, as are the costumery, sets and music. Incredible use of space, water and lighting - every detail is executed to maximum effect. Couldn't really follow the dream sequence story line quite well, but each of the acts was phenomenal and simply stunning. The Wynn Theatre is very intimate / theatre-in-the-round, which makes all the seats very decent. Have been to one Cirque show before, but Le Reve certainly exceeded my expectations and sets a standard hard to beat.
5	This was one great show, even at $125+ per ticket.  The setting in the circular theater was intimate as there must not be more than 12 or 13 rows of seating.  The staging was amazing with the water and stages which come up from below and from above there is a space ship like structure from where performers drop and spin on cables.  I just cannot believe the height from which they descend and rose, and in one scene they dive from near the top of the theater.  That water must be over 20 to 30 feet deep!  I finally figured out the story line long after the show while nursing a drink at the slot machine, but no matter, it was the dancing, acrobatics, and sheer physical skills that made this show great for me.  And how about the blooming flower like props and things that seem to come out of nowhere and the lighting effects!  Seemed like it was all computer generated, but it was genuinely real and we loved it.
5	My boyfriend brought my here for our 4 year anniversary as a surprise and I really hadn't heard anything about the show so I didn't know what to expect.La Reve literally blew me away.  I've watched a few cirque shows and the premise is basically the same: good music, acrobats, and some kind of underlying story line.  But La Reve is based around a love story and a dream so the whole show had that dreamy feel.  The ambiance was breathtaking and the music really matched it.  The water elements in the show were flawless.  I also loved how they incorporated ball room dance with their usual acrobats.I would definitely recommend this to any cirque fans or for a romantic date.
5	This is one of the best shows I have ever seen on the Strip. The choreography is unmatched, the water and ballroom dancing? How about the young lady being swept underneath a pool while sleeping on a bench? My wife and I enjoyed this show, the ambiance, music and storyline is impressive. I can watch this show for days, it is very original and unique. The acrobatics into the pool is magical, this show requires performers to really earn their paychecks daily. I didn't see any misstep while the stage and pool kept changing the elements. If you go to Vegas with yours truly, spend about $300 and enjoy this show.
4	Water/Air show developed by someone who used to work for Cirque de Sole but put his own spin on it (I've heard it's much better than all the other Cirque de Sole productions).Excellent, multi -faceted entertainment including; swimmers, acrobats, dancers, actors, & comedians.So well worth the money.Have not been so entertained as this night in a long, long time.Sat in the front row and felt as if we were a part of the show They discount the first two rows due to a light splash as a result of being so close to the stage.
5	Best Show in Vegas! I went for my 22nd birthday and last night with a girlfriend and I love this show. I went to lion king and was so disappointed because i kept comparing it to the le reve. I think if you are visiting las vegas this is a "MUST SEE" show before leaving. I'm not to much into the whole story line but its still good i love the water/air show. The acrobats that the men and women do is just jaw breaking. wow women having the muscles to hold men up in the air is just amazing i know there is a rope attached but there has to be some weight behind it. The costumes are just neat to see and all the props they use are neat too. If i got another tickets for le reve again i would go again for the third time. :)
1	Was dead bored and fell asleep.  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
4	I am not a fan of "Cirque" type entertainment. When i saw the fact that this show incorporates water it peaked my interest!.  It was a truly breath taking experience! I have tried to explain this show to a couple of people since and have been unable to do it any justice. My only complaints aren't with the actual show as much as location and personnel issues. I found the staff at the ticketing  desk curt. The woman I was working with seemed to be annoyed when i asked her what it meant to be sitting in the "splash zone". Having been to Sea World, i wanted to know if a poncho was necessary! The tickets are also very expensive over $100 for the previously mentioned splash zone and they go up from there. Being that I am not a Vegas show aficionado, this may just be the standard price of admission, but felt like a lot even after the show. Also, the staff of the theatre had to continuously flash their lights and call-out people trying to take photos or video. The first couple of times I got it, but it  really started to get annoying. This was a great once in a lifetime experience, but I don't think I would pay their asking prices to see the same show more than once, even if it was that good.
4	Well worth the time and $$.Great theater setup, not a bad seat in the house.One of the better cirque shows in LV.
2	The theater is very nice, built in a circle around the pool, so I don't think there really is a bad seat in the house. Some of the sets they do with the water is very nice as well. I had two problems with it, the first is the story, it does not make sense. Both my wife and I had no idea what to make of it. The second is they do a lot of neat stuff in the water but it's not that exciting. The only exciting part really is when a diver gets taken up into the roof out of everyone's vision and then dive's into the pool (they seem to fall forever they were so high). That was exciting but the problem is that was about the only thing.
4	This is an incredible show.  I totally agree with some of the previous ratings about there is not a bad seat in the stadium.  The water synchronized dance was superb!  The dives into the pool was intriguing and scary at the same time.  I was exhausted seeing the dance, dives, and swimming.  It was well worth the money spent.  The Wynn Resort was fabulous...
5	One of the best show I have ever been to. Not quite sure if there is a real storyline - but that doesn't matter anyway. Just sit back, relax and be impressed by an explosion of color, music and artistic brilliance.We booked  the VIP Indulge Package which might influence our experience as we had a perfect (over)view -besides some champagne :-) The backstage cameras where technically interesting, but you forget about them once the show kicks-off.The show is just spectacular and there is so much simultaneously happening, that right after the show we thought about going there a second or third time, to "see it all". Most likely we will revisit next time in Vegas.
5	Quite possibly the best show on the Strip.  Le Reve is like the sophisticated version of a Cirque du Soleil show, without the elements of the strange, slightly creepy, and bizarre.  Instead, the mood is more surreal, and it's easy to see the inspiration of being in a dream-like state (Hence the name, Le Reve), in this show.  There is literally no bad seat in the house, since the theater is so small.  Since it is so small, it is amazing what acrobatics the performers can do in just a small amount of space.  Le Reve captures many elements and emotions into a single 1.5 hour show: love, beauty, mystery, comedy, and the list goes on.  Music ranges from romantic ballads to the visceral pounding of drums and a more hard rock edge.  If you want to see just one show on the Strip, this is the one to see!
2	I received a note from a member of the show, and he highlighted that the cast is more diverse that the night we went to the show, including many people of color, and gay folks.  The guy was very cool and shared a lot of helpful information.  Hence, the added star.    Like me, the cast member isn't comfortable with the homophobic (and unfunny) scene that I describe below, and presented an alternative, which was vetoed.  Clearly, there are larger powers (ie Wynn management) at work, if your own employees say something isn't appropriate but it's still kept in the show...  I hope Steve Wynn's team realizes that this poorly written, unimaginative joke mars  an amazing show, and that it's costing them paying customers.
4	Nice Show but maybe cause I've seen so many Cirque shows, they're getting to be all the same to me.Beautiful stage. Very intimate. Comfortable seating. Pretty much a great view from anywhere you're sitting since it's a 360 stage and small.Luckily our tickets were free cause I don't think I'll pay retail for them which was $117/per ticket I think.
5	Absolutely amazing. I wanted to see O by Cirque, but heard this is better (and cheaper, though not cheap). I decided  to go with Le Reve and used the code DSAVE30 over the phone to save $30. We got the regular seats, which were awesome! Not the cheapest or most expensive. The splash zone is pretty low and you really should get the level up for seats. The seats in the arena are very comfy and plush! We didn't partake in the concessions but there were a lot available. There is a nice store with Le Reve gear outside the entrance, and I bought a few things there.The show started and I was awestruck the ENTIRE time (unlike in LOVE by Cirque, which I also saw). These performers are TRUE ATHLETES and absolutely fabulous in their skills. The stage turns from stage to pool to pool and stage seamlessly. The music goes perfectly with the show. Some of the tricks they did were unbelievable. I won't give them away here, but they took my breath away.I got my fill of Vegas and don't care about coming back to see anything but shows... and this one would be #1 on my list to see again, despite the cost. I can't wait to come back so I can see it again. JUST GO. You won't regret it.
5	One Word Review: AMAZING.Ok, I have a few more words about the show!Breathtaking, intense, fascinating, entertaining, incredible.This is one of - perhaps the BEST, show I have ever been to. I don't recall how we ended up with tickets here but I think it was on our pre-planning to Vegas. We bought the tickets online and even though it was a little pricey, we didn't think it would be anything more than the "typical" Cirque du Soleil style show. Not taking ANYTHING away from CdS - all of the shows are phenomenal, but we usually pay half of what we paid here when the tours come around South Florida. But, it's Vegas - higher prices expected. BUT, man they delivered! Awesome stage, and great view from pretty much everywhere. Although the tickets aren't the cheapest, they are somewhat reasonable for "Vegas shows" and are worth every penny.I've often times compared it to "O" which is also a phenomenal show, but this one takes the cake. It is a "water show" conducted inside a huge tank with a platform that raises and lowers with each segment of the show. There are some awesome moments where the performers dive into the tank - and you don't realize just how deep the tank is!It's always crazy to me that these folks have pinpoint accuracy when performing their routines. Not one slip up (that we noticed) and on a stage that is wet that is a huge accomplishment.
5	I was with 6 others and we all agreed that the show was absolutely spectacular.  I'll definitely be seeing it again next time I go.
1	The good news,the tix were free. The bad news, the show sucks. A very, very, poor man's Cirque. Silly special effects, story line non existent. The theater is very nice. Maybe the show got better; I left after 20 minutes.  No accounting for taste. Rooms @ Encore very nice.
5	Fabulous, amazing, unbelievable, what else can I say. From start to finish your engaged not wanting to miss a single thing. You get wrapped up in the love story yet are always wondering how do they do all this! Wonderful way to encorporate water with acrobatics.A must see!!
2	The Wynn and Encore are incredible venues and the man has made sure to create an environment where people can feel like their money is well spent. From the incredible rooms to the exclusive shopping (Alexander Mcqueen & Manolo Blahniks) to even the exclusive buffets (with a live cook directly in front of you). I expected a luxurious and upscale experience from a show inside this resort. The theater was beautiful. I unfortunately cannot say the same about LeReve. Wynn claims to have spent 100 million on the productions of the show and I must say, it does not show. Other than the fact that the main character is inside a dream, it is hard to figure out what exactly the storyline is but I could not at all make it out to be the love story people are claiming it to be. The performers work their hearts out, especially the ones doing the synchronized dancing inside the water, however none of them ever get an individual moment to shine which is unfortunate. Aside from the huge ball at the end of the show, there are very few moments to single out and if there were any, they might have easily been missed due to the extended hour-long sensory overload. The randomly mixed in moments of comedy seemed entirely out of place. I am not a cheapskate but $115 a whole lot to pay for a show, in line or maybe higher than most other great shows. Not worth your time or money in my honest opinion. Also, not worthy of being named after the Picasso the man purchased for an undisclosed amount.
5	I loved loved loved this show. It's about a women's dream about love. I saw in the first row and got lots of splash but it was still fun. I noticed if you get VIP seating you get to watch the show above the water and you get a TV screen to watch what is going on below the water. I will definitely go for these seats next time. This shows has ballroom dancing, synchronized swimming, acrobatics, and soo much more! Everything amazed me about this show and there wasn't a second that was boring or dull. Absolutely Recommended!
5	This show was AMAZING!!!A friend of mine gave my husband and I two tickets to this awesome show. It was our first Cirque du Soleil show ever, so I guess that's why I think it's so great.It was extremely entertaining, and beautiful. The story was pretty cool too. It really was like a "dream."I highly recommend it!
3	I was told this was the best show in Vegas, so of course I went in with high expectations... That being said, I will say this.. the show was good, I totally appreciate the hard work and stunts performed by the actors.  I just thought it was going to be better.  I actually fell asleep at one point.  The theatre was beautiful, I just expected the show to be a little more story line then actors diving into a pool.  But if your looking for a nice night out, I would say go enjoy....
2	The theatre was beautiful and the stunts were great. I have to admit I found myself falling asleep half way through, Dream I did. So maybe thats why its called La Reve??. It was just the same thing over and over and over again.  I have seen most of the shows in Las Vegas and you should spend your hard earned $$ on O at the Bellagio or maybe Copperfield. You can sleep when you get back home.
4	Great show.  Amazing stunts.  Much better than other shows I've seen in Vegas.  The seats are all good too.  I would recommend to anyone who like Cirque de Soleil type shows.
5	One of the best shows I ever been to in my whole entire life. The theme & lighting were amazing and so were the dancers.  the water theme and swimmers did a great job and I highly recommend this show to anyone.  It's well worth the cost.
4	very simple story but the stage is absolutely beautiful !!! We enjoyed the show and the performance were great!
3	I have seen many shows in Vegas and this one was very good. Pros: Theater is very nice and there is not a bad seat in the house. Comfortable seats and good views.Gorgeous set up and props. Many things going on at the same time and a lot to see during the show. There are a few awe inspiring moments.Cons: Compared to Cirque Du Soleil not as exciting. Like  I said just a few awe inspiring moments. Still good just not as good if you have seen "O" by Cirque. The story is a little confusing. So I guess she has a dream and there are different guys after her? Everything kind of gets so convuluted that I just said oh well I will just trying to figure it out and sit back and enjoy.Also very expensive. Very difficult to find discounted tickets and I think the monet is better spent on "O" or "KA". Mystere is also vey enjoyable and is much cheaper. Enjoyed it but for me didnt quite live up to the hype and price.
4	Great intimate show! Very talented people especially the beautiful leading lady. Every seat in the house is fine, I sat in the center F section. This is worth seeing even if you've seen the O show. It's a different feel in an intimate setting.
5	I wanted to go see O, but some in my group couldn't justified spending the $$ on the tickets so I picked Le Reve because it was offered at the Tix4tonight booth and has the water aspect that I really wanted to see. We were able to get pretty high seats for about $115 a piece which everyone was happy with seeing. We almost didn't make the show because our dinner ran a little late but luckily we were in the Wynn anyway. Because the lights had turn down already, the ushers allowed up to sit in the VIP seats. On my word...those seats were heavenly. Wide luxurious seats with plenty of room for your legs and the behind the scene montor. If I were to go back, I would pay for those seats because it takes the whole experience to the next level. In those seats, you can see everything.The show itself is gorgeous, mouth dropping, and exciting from the beginning to the end. The stunts, dance, and the music lived up to the cirque du soleil caliber even though it isn't a cirque du soleil show. Because it is a water show, there were less aerobatic stunts, but the diving ones made up for it. Definitely do not miss this show in one of the most gorgeous casino hotel in Las Vegas.
5	One word: Stunning!I took my parents to Le Reve and they were lost for words. I loved the show too. Its a water acrobatics show which looks larger than life. You need to watch it to understand what I mean. All seats are equally good since it is a round theater, unless you get the front row seats where there CAN be water splashing (Not sure but they call it a Splash Zone). The summary of the show is about a girl who goes to sleep and gets various dreams about her man of her life. The show started off to such heights that I was bowled, almost had tears in my eyes in awe. However, I did feel some loose bits in the middle of the show when you cannot understand the purpose of that feat. As in, I started getting bored in between when I found some feats totally unrelated and unnecessary. But overall, I would rate it a 4.5 out of 5. If you are in Vegas, you cannot miss Le Reve...atleast...try not to! :)
2	We decided to see this show based on rave reviews and were very disappointed that we wasted our time and money. My husband said it best: "Maybe their reviews were so good because those people hadn't seen Cirque du Soleil's O and didn't know any better" and I tend to agree! Le Reve's venue and sets were beautiful and the performers were good. However, there wasn't much of a wow factor (we both fell asleep) and the plot was odd and unclear. Go see O instead! It's worth every penny!!
5	Amazing show. Pretty much everything the people said it was going to be. It's just a little more theatrical and interesting then the O.
2	Just not very good at all.  Most of our party of 7 people were bored half way through the show, and nobody liked it much.  Some of the comments from our group...I don't get it.  Makes no sense.I feel ripped off.  At half the price it would be too expensive.I want that hour of my life back.Could have been half as long, it was too repetitive.None of us will see any show at this hotel again unless we know exactly what it is ahead of time.  The only reason I didn't give it one star is that there was about ten minutes worth of good acrobatics and entertainment packed into this hour and 15 minute show.  It's close though.
3	PROs:Beautiful dynamic sets, comfortable seats, intimate venue (really no bad seats in the house, though there the cheapest tickets are in the splash zone, but I doubt you get that wet). My bf liked the music. I liked some of the synchronized swimming and the diving with spins/twists. CONs:-Paid $119 for tixs in the premium section (middle) from Tixs4Tonight. Vegas.com sold them for $10 more. These tickets were way too expensive for the show. I should've gone to see another cirque show instead. **Tixs4Tonight was a hassle as we ordered the tixs on the phone, then had to go to their office to pick up vouchers, then go to Wynn 1 hour before the show to exchange them for show tickets.** -The story and characters could've been better developed. It was confusing. The bed scene at the end was lame. -The costumes and the acrobatics do not compare to Cirque's.- The ballroom dancing segments was amateurish and too long. - A couple acrobats messed up on their dives.
4	I am very glad I chose this over the Cirque shows. The only Cirque show worth seeing imo is Beatles Love. Le reve was pretty visually amazing. Just the venue itself, before the show even starts, was breathtaking! I have never seen so many people take pics of just a venue! You are immediately memorized and blown away by how gorgeous and fantasy like it is. The entire "stage" is water and it's covered in blue mist. No worries about the so called "splash zone" as we were 3 rows from the water and didn't get so much as a sprinkle on us. I watched those in the front rows and they did not either. Save money and boy tix in the splash zone. They can't get the floor took wet or there would be tons of lawsuits anyhow.The show it self starts out super doper cheesy. I really did not need a show that was 99% fantasy driven to start out like it did. I didn't need a plot, honestly. It ruined elements of it for me. There were also many unneeded characters which added absolutely nothing to the theme and feel of this show. The guys dressed in white tux's made no sens and were just silly and the joker character who was a total pathetic spineless wimp, useless. This show should just be 100% breathtaking and beautiful with no "comic relief". They should save those hokey elements for other shows with less class. I would not see this again because of that, but would recommend that others see it once. It is worth seeing.
5	I really love this show! It delivers the WOW!-factor with all the Cirque-type amazing aqua-acrobatics, and keeps you entertained the whole way through. Seriously, the performers were doing twists & turns & jumps & moves I didn't even know  was humanly possible. The diving segment was my favorite. Hats off to all the amazing performers!! A little tip about the seating..... The venue is an intimate circular theater, with the circular pool in the center as it's stage. There are only 12 rows of seating, so yes, basically every seat has a great view & you really can't go wrong. The first 2 rows are considered "splash zone" ($105/seat), the next 9 rows (Rows 3-11) are Premium seats ($129/seat) and the last row (Row 12) is the VIP/Dream seats (ranging from $155 to $195/seat.).  I have sat in the 1st row (splash) and 5th row (premium) and can honestly say I much preferred the premium row. I'm not discouraging the splash zone seats because of the threat of getting wet.... In fact, I only got a sprinkle of water while in the first row (if even that)! The reason I suggest the premium section is because this show has SO much to see and by sitting a bit further back, you'll be able to take in more visually.  There is also a lot of the acts happening high up (way high up, from the ceiling).... and I found myself straining my neck to see all that was going on up high, whereas you could view it all at ease sans the neck strain if you were in premium:)  Also, I don't think it's worth it to get the VIP/Dream seats.... other than it offering a super plushy comfy chair (and champagne & choco covered strawberries) , one of the perks to those seats is that it includes a video monitor in front the seat, which I heard is streaming you live feed of all the backstage and underwater action during the show, but believe me, you'll have so much to watch on stage, I don't think you want to waste your time watching the monitor ;)
4	I have seen a few Cirque shows, including recently seeing Love, and I will say that this show delivers some amazing aqua-acrobatics. The theater is intimate and the seating is limited, so I would highly recommend trying to get seats in the premier section and if you are willing to risk it, I would save some cash and use one of the same day ticket places available on the Strip. The story is a little lacking, but I go to these shows for the music and the acrobatics and the tricks they performed were amazing and the music was LIVE! Now comparing the music to Love, this show did not quite use the music to carry the story as well, but I spent most of the show believing they could not possibly top the last trick they performed... and then they topped it! That aspect made the show worth the price of admission.
5	WHOA - all I have to say is the Cirque folks that do the creations, what imaginations they have (or serious drug intake) KIDDING. :)I really didn't know what to expect, I refrained from reading a lot out it, I am a Cirque fan so I knew it would be good and they didn't let me know.Decent ticket price actually, compared to other shows and it's at the Wynn - - oh and while walking out of The Wynn,  Justin Timberlake strolled right by.I recommend buying tickets to this show BEFORE you go to Vegas, don't wait until you get there to buy show tickets or you could miss out.
5	This is my favorite show in Vegas.  Highly recommend it whether you have seen other show or not.  The show is about a dream a young girl is having.  I don't want to give too much away but the show leaves you breathless at times.Not a bad seat in the house as the stage is circular and no matter where you seat you can see everything.Very creative and fantastic way to spend a couple of hours,
5	This is the best one in Vegas in my opinion. Seen it more than 5 times.Just go you won't regret!
4	I wasn't sure what to expect before I saw this show other than I had heard it was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of Cirque du Soleil so I wasn't sure I would think about a similar type of show. All I can say is WOW!!! And HOW THE???It was such a beautiful show. Also loved that the music was live. The songs fit perfectly with the acts. It was about 80 minutes, which was perfect for my attention span. Any longer and I might have started to settle in deeper to my seat. My husband and I will probably still be arguing about what we thought it all meant. Lots of eye candy! Recommend for anyone looking for a show worth their money.
3	First let me say the artistry and performers were awesome.  Visually stunning.  The problem is I just kind of felt lost the whole time I was watching it.  Totally didn't get the plot but my husband said, "It's Cirque de Soleil.  You're not supposed to understand what's going on."  Well, this is the second Cirque show we've seen - the first was Mystere - and I don't remember leaving it clueless.Keep an open mind, enjoy the artistry and you will love the show.  It was A-OK for me.
4	Le Reve, which means  "The Dream" in French. I am still trying to figure out if the current show is a dream or a nightmare!I originally loved the show Le Reve, before Steve Wynn purchased the rights from Franco Dragone. Dragone is famous for producing  shows like " O " ( NUMBER 1 favorite on my list) , Mystere, Quidam, and La Nouba.I've watched Le Reve about 50-60 times during the time Dragone was in charge.Currently, now the show's rights is owned by Wynn. He made plenty of changes to the show and I am not that big of a fan. I really didn't like the fact how put a lot of Salsa and Dance to the production, To me it did not make any sense at all.There were a few changes that I liked. For instance, the Acrobatic Rotating Cube Act, I thought it was amazing how they made their entrance.The beginning entrance was awesome as well. I loved how the entire canopy floated away right when it started. Some things were the same such as their number called " The Tree". The tree rotates on water while you had acrobats doing flips in the air with the tree.I wouldn't bring my kids to this show because I felt this was aimed for adults. With all the intimacy between a man and a woman and their Fountain Routine, it is too much for an 8 year old to be watching.I am still giving this a 4 star because, overall  I love the production, and the concept of the stage. I love how every seat  is a good seat. The stage is in the center. Every seat has a view of everything. There is not seat  more than  40ft away from the stage.  What amazes me most is the stage how it is very diverse and can transform into water, land,  huge fountains, swinging mechanism, it was just amazing. They even  had an act where there was fire on water!  Truly amazing  how a stage has so much character.I just hope Wynn makes some changes to this show and get rid of the Salsa and Dancing and keep all the features, of the first original show he had when Le Reve first opened.A lot of my friends did not like Le Reve. As for myself I am still a fan and I will watch this show again to see if Wynn made any changes to it.
3	The theater itself is spectacular.  I loved the use of the room: the soft flowing curtains, the music, the water and all the special effects..  Parts of the performance were spectacular.  I particularly liked the synchronized swimming - the ladies with their red shoes in the air -  how did they do that?  But mostly, it was a mish mash of  high flying acrobatics with folks flipping and flopping into the water.  Were they trying to keep time?  Everyone seemed to be doing there own thing.  Apart from the bookend of the guy and the girl there was no story.  Was there?   It was my first Cirque experience.   I don't know if I'll see another.   It was a lot of money.  I've seen much better for much  less.
5	This show is awesome! Second only to "O" but they are two completely different shows.  It's based on a dream so expect to be a little confused and just go with it.  It's a dream. Strange shit is supposed to happen in it. It's visually beautiful and worth the money.  Here's a tip, don't get seats near the front of the stage.  There is so much going on everywhere that you might get a neck ache sitting too close to the stage.  You want to book seats at least in row H or above in order to fully enjoy everything. It's a small venue so you don't really have any "bad" seats. Words can't really do it justice but I'll try to describe the show. . . If you took all the alien studs from Prometheus, throw in hot high heeled, synchronized swimmers, some salsa dancers and one devil guy and made a semi love story out of it, you would get Le Reve. Kind of. . . maybe? It's basically a show with a bunch of hot dudes, beautiful babes, some dancing, some magic, acrobats and a bit of humor. Enjoy.
5	La Reve was such an amazing show. Steve Winn's version of Cirque du Soleil, and you really couldn't tell the difference if you ask me. I wish I would have read a story synopsis before I went, but once I heard it was about a bizarre dream world it made much more sense. I loved the water throughout the whole show, especially at the end when you see the mechanics the most as it rises out of the water. The people in this show are so talented and have such intricate costumes. It truly is  amazing. I think the acrobatics throughout the show, the dramatic music, and crazy splashing in the water made this a great show a go see!
5	I travel to Las Vegas at least twice a year and have seen many of the shows and acts.  I went to see La Reve last weekend as I was in Vegas for the Rock and Roll 1/2 Marathon and they offered a discount ticket for running the race.  It was an amazing show.  The choreography was beautiful.  There was so much going on at one time that I think I could watch the show several more times and see different elements that I missed.  The entire audience was captivated by the performance.  The performers also seemed to enjoy the show which always makes it enjoyable.  I would highly recommend this show to anyone looking for an unforgettable experience in Vegas.
5	This has only been my second show in Vegas. I watched Cirque du Soleil's Ka, but man, this is THE BEST. My friend and I were deciding between this and Zumanity. Considering we were staying at the Wynn, we made the best choice with Le Reve. We sat at the premium seatings (which is discounted a little bit if you stay at the hotel), and in the circular theater, there was so much going on from the pool to the ceilings. It was simply amazing! Thumbs up to all the performers! A must-see show when you're in Vegas!
5	Ah, such a beautiful show! Ok, it isn't that big of a deal, but there seems to be some confusion about this. It is not a Cirque show.. it was written and produced by Dragone who also did Cirque shows but later left, so this is not a Cique production.  The theater is relatively small and round which means there are really no bad seats, and something is always happening and there is no down time to be bored. And actually, the front "water zone" seats are not the VIP seats. VIP seats here are the top row where you are served champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. The storyline is absolutely beautiful. I loved the music which truly set the mood for the story. The acrobatics and choreography were stunning. I was in awe of the performers' abilities throughout the show. The visuals and props were also perfect. At one point they released doves, which is another thing that sets them apart from a Cirque show. Cirque never uses or incorporates live animals into their performances. Anyway, this show is all about its visuals and the mood set while you are there, therefore it is impossible to truly convey how enjoyable it really is. The show runs 75 minutes and is dark Wed and Thursdays.
4	For the show that's not a Cirque but you'll swear it is, we enjoyed our night at Le RevePromoting itself as being the most expensive production night of entertainment & getting all kinds of locals' accolades, we had high expectations for our showWe had VIP seats which included Sparkling Wine, Chocolate Truffles & TV monitors to see "behind the scenes footage".  Couldn't really see much of the "behind the scenes" action & for me, the story was a bit hard to follow but I think I got the gist of it - a girl gets separated from her beau & is magically transported to this mystical world where people are raised out of the water on ropes or trapezes & then fall back in from very high heights.  At some point, the 2 lovers are reunited, end of storyOnly downer for the evening was w/ our tickets.  I was promised when I made the reservation that all our seats were together but come to find out they weren't.  There was an aisle separating BF & me from the rest of our wedding party & I had specifically asked if all our seats were beside each other & was advised yes so BOO for setting false expectations.....and for future reference, having a huge aisle between you & your party is NOT all sitting togetherBut regardless, the seats were plush & very comfy & it was really nice to find our flutes constantly at the full level w/ our Perrier Jouet.  Truffles were delish & it was an enjoyable evening overall - we were fans!
5	Wow...This was a beautiful water show with a romantic story. I want to see it again! It was worth every penny.
5	While visiting Vegas I really wanted to see Cirque de Soleil's O - but thought it was too expensive. The concierge at my hotel suggested Le Reve - saying that it was done by the same guy who did O etc, so I got myself a ticket and...... I was BLOWN AWAY! I think I might actually like it more than Cirque (I've seen 3 Cirque shows so far). The story line flowed beautifully. I liked that there was more dancing than in the Cirque shows I've seen and the music was great. Even though some reviewers said that the place is small - that doesn't change the fact that there was a lot going on - to a point where at some times I didn't know which dancers/acrobats to follow. I was almost afraid to miss something! I would go see this show any day of the week! My one suggestion is to go with the little bit better tickets - with an online discount I still was able to get them for cheaper than the splash zone seats. I would want to try those seats one day though - because at some points if the shows the dancers are right in front of those splash zone seats.
5	This is my 4th Cirque show and it is by far the best one!  I love the use of the water stage.  The best part were the synchronized swimmers who at one point were under water for like 5 minutes with their legs in the air dancing to the music.  It was so cool!  I thought at first they must be mechanical legs cause it was so perfect.  But they were real. The music was so good, I would actually buy the soundtrack.  The first half girl who is having the dream just walks around looking at everything going on.  Then sh finally gets in on the action and she dances.  I was very impressed with her dancing, especially in the number where there are three couples dancing and she dances with each guy.  It was a really great show!
5	GREAT GREAT SHOW!The coolest show I have ever seen. The setting was very beautiful and creative.
5	OK so this is my favorite show of all time and we see a lot of shows in Vegas. Performers coming from everywhere, the water ballet is incredible, and the diving is amazingly high.It's a theater in the round and you sit around the stage/pool, there really isn't a bad seat!Please see this show, you'll be so happy you did.
4	One of my favorite shows in Vegas, second only to Ka. The production is beautifully-crafted and very entertaining. It's one of those shows that's like Cirque du Soliel, but sure seems like it is (and for good reason).The fact that it's done in a round stage means that there are plenty of great seats, and the show has lots of stuff going on all around you, so there is never time to feel bored or uninterested.Don't go here if you don't like abstract, sometimes surrealistic, art. But then, I doubt you'd really appreciate any type of show like this anyway.
4	Probably the best show we've seen so far! It's really worth it, nice theater built especially for this and the show is amazing! Try to not seat in the first 3 rows, you'll get wet. You can get drinks and popcorn, but they are pretty expensive.
5	The elephant in the room is Cirque du Soleil's "O". I saw Le Reve three nights after "O", and Le Reve is far better:1) Le Reve is a more intimate stage as the audience sits around the pool 360 degrees. Le Reve had less clown time. And Le Reve had more action / acrobatics. It's a no-brainer. What's sad is we saw O on a Wed night and Le Reve on a Sat night and, despite having hundreds more seats, O was far more packed than Le Reve. Brand recognition does matter.2) Price. O is far more expensive - outrageously expensive. Tickets are almost $200 (best Le Reve tickets are about $115). It's not worth it. There are too many other entertainment options on The Strip for a fraction of that price, like Le Reve.Le Reve has more action, less of the extensive clown sideshow that "O" has, a smaller more intimate stage, and is just more entertaining.My only complaint is that the theatre was too hot. Maybe they wanted to help the performers be more comfortable, but the "O" Theatre wasn't that hot.
3	I feel crazy for being one of the few to give less than 5 stars for this show. I saw this show way back when the Wynn first opened, and I loved it. This has definitely changed, which I heard since it has been since Wynn took it over, apparently they change the show frequently. I purchased the local deal that was being offered in December, VIP tickets at a discount price. This was a waste of money. This is a small showroom, and there aren't any bad seats in the house, so getting in the first couple of rows isn't that big of a deal, and honestly it was a bad idea, there is a "splash zone" yeah, after getting all dolled up, the last thing I want to do is get splashed with chlorinated water. I just didn't get captured by this show, like someone else mentioned, it isn't as bad as Ka, but it's close. The tip for today is don't spend the extra money on VIP seating if you decide to see this show.
5	Excellent show. Very Next-gen.   All of the performers were in amazing shape, and very well synchronized.  I saw Zarcana the night before, and this show completely blew it out of the water, both literally and figuratively.  This show is truly a must-see.  I also love walking around the Wynn, Fabulous people watching, and a great attention to detail throughout.
2	This show was supposed to be "Best Show in Las Vegas 2012." but I do not feel it lived up to the HYPE.      Let me give you an honest review of this show.  Starting off with the seating arrangements which are extremely close together. I'm only 5'3 and when I sat down my legs where only max 1 inch from the seat in front of me. The guy sitting behind me was obviously larger and kept hitting my seat during the show which was not any fault of his just really tight spaces.      If I had to describe the show in one word it would have to be "cheesy." Not anywhere close to what I was expecting. There was one water scene where the performer was just throwing himself on the ground and acting like he is playfully splashing in the water, looked like an adult throwing a tantrum in a puddle. Every act had performers flying up, down and around in the air by wires, reminded me of a bad high school play were you could see Superman's wires...wasn't impressive back then...guess what...still not impressive today.     If you like watching people dance in the rain and splashing around in puddles for 1 1/2 hours this is the show for you. But, if your looking for that amazing moment that just takes your breathe away and keeps you talking to people about it for days or weeks...this is not the show for you.    I wish I could get my money and most of all our time we wasted back from watching this show. If you don't believe my review feel free to spend a minimum of $311.00 for two tickets. If you want leg room you'll have to purchase the VIP tickets which are $180.00 "PER TICKET!!". Good luck...
5	My favorite show in Las Vegas and I've been to a lot of them.  Enough said!   A must see.
4	We came to the 7 PM show on a Monday night, and the place was half-full. The show started a few minutes late. Once it got going, though, it was a pretty nice show.The theater itself was nice and intimate, with seating all round the stage. We sat in the 6th row, but honestly, there isn't a bad seat in the house. The lighting, music, and performers were incredible. I have not seen any other Cirque-type shows, so I can't compare (the gf liked O better), but I would definitely recmmend checking out Le Reve at the Wynn if you get the chance.
4	So, I am planning my next trip to Vegas which I leave for next week, and I stumbled upon Le Reve on Yelp. I saw this show last time I was there - April '11, and I still remember it like it happened yesterday. The thing is, I haven't seen any other shows in Vegas, nor am I familiar with Cirque Du Soleil, but this was one of the best things I have ever seen in my life. I was a bit confused as in what this show represents, or if there was a story behind it. If I knew that Le Reve meant "The Dream", it would have made a lot more sense to me in the beginning. You know how you can make up anything possible in your dreams, as crazy or amazing, or even scary? Well, that's how I felt watching this show. I was in absolute awe the entire time... I could not believe my own eyes! The music, the special effects, the acrobatics, and the lighting just kept getting better and better throughout the entire show! I was thinking to myself... how is it even possible for all of this to be happening! The Wynn Theater is beautiful, and because the stage is designed around a circular pool, there are no bad seats in there. I heard it was one of the more expensive shows in Vegas, not sure if that's true or not, but you def get what you pay for. I know we bought them on-line while we were still in Chicago for a somewhat cheaper price, so there are discounts available if you look close enough.We had a nice dinner at a cafe in the hotel beforehand, and had some time to kill before the show started, so we never felt too rushed. It was a gift for my dad's 60th birthday and we all had an amazing time during the show. I highly recommend this to anyone I talk to about Vegas, and I am even thinking about seeing it again next week with my boyfriend.
5	After you watch this show, you'll never look at water or swimming quite the same again. This is a MUST see and I was on the edge of my seat for every minute of it. It's a great story of boy meets girl, commitment collapse, and the long, difficult journey to right a wrong. Sound confusing? It won't be if you watch carefully and with an open mind. Located in the Wynn Hotel & Casino, La Reve - The Dream, take place in the Wynn Theater. And believe me, this is a theater unlike any you've ever seen before. You know how you can get a little bored and antsy waiting for a show to start? Not here. Just hanging out in this unique showroom was fun. So much to look at. You'll love it. The show, well, I don't want to give anything away. Just be prepared for a visual feast. Lots of drama, emotion, surprises, and stunts. AND they don't pull anyone from the audience to come up and take the stage (always a plus for me...hate being part of the show). If you've got a night in Vegas and are up for a show, take in La Reve. Tickets aren't on the low end, but are totally worth it.
5	Le Reve is a jaw dropping show that will certainly have your attention for sure.If you like acrobatics and swimming then this show is definitely for you.The sitting arrangements are great.   ( you will not be disappointed )The dancers are amazing to the point where you will not even want to go to the bathroom because you will afraid t that you missed something ( which will probably happen because there isn't a dull moment in Le Reve)All in all Re Reve certainly that my attention and I will  definitely come back on my next trip to Las Vegas
5	La Reve was an amazing show! The performers were extremely talented and it showed. My husband and I had a great time and would definitely do it again. It's a great experience for couples who can appreciate artistic expression. The price was well worth the experience.
1	In my best Damon Waynas voice, "Hated it!"  I long since realized that Cirque is like Richard Gere said to Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman, about opera: you either love it or you hate it.  I'm on the strong side of hate with Cirque.First introduced myself years ago, when it became the talk of the town.  Attended three "very different" Cirques since then (regular, risque, and this water show), to find them all the same.  Yawn!  Wasted $!Someone told me that Le Reve is not a Cirque show.  Could have fooled me.  Everything reminds me of it.  So if you like CdS, you'll like this.  As for the theatre, not a bad seat in the house.  Front rows get splashed.  Back rows get champagne service.  Unfortunately, rows too long and tight to move from your seat without seriously disturbing everyone else in the row, or else I would have left.  Yes, THAT disappointed.
4	This show was amazing...Le Reve is a jaw dropping show that will certainly have your attention for sure.If you like acrobatics and swimming then this show is definitely for you.The sitting arrangements are great.   ( you will not be disappointed )The dancers are amazing to the point where you will not even want to go to the bathroom because you will afraid t that you missed something ( which will probably happen because there isn't a dull moment in Le Reve)
5	It's been 3 days and my fiance and I are still raving about this show.  I RARELY give 5 stars to anything on yelp.  I feel like people waive around 5's for dive bars and garbage shows.  This was just unbelievable. I still cannot even fathom how such a show was created.  It felt like thousands of performers and so much to watch.....and the best part - it tells a story.  Unlike most other shows where you get just a bunch of high wire acts...this walks you through a dream...and it's a bit of good vs evil.Jaw still on the floor.  I would see this every time I come to Vegas.  And that is saying something because I'm a tight wad!  hahaOf the naysayers - the people below that give it bad ratings don't seem to know a few things.  A - it's not a Cirque show.  B.  It's called "the dream" - why the heck doesn't anyone read.  They complain they didn't understand and then later go..oh it's a dream.  It's in the title!  Le Reve - the dream!   C.  They don't like the Le Reve is the best water show over their beloved "O".  Why can't someone enjoy both!  ho hum.  Go see it!
4	Sort of burned out with the same old same old cirque shows, but after a long break of not seeing any for a while, I thought it was fresh and good. Created by one of the O show people, owned by Wynn,  it was a bit different than Cirque du Soleil's style, which I liked. It was way better than cheesy easy dance shows by Cirque du Soleil, such as Love. This show will definitely give WOW to the first the viewers of any cirque type show.  Some of the performance was very dangerous and made me nervous. For those who have to pay the full ticket price, I would recommend cheaper seats. The theater is a full circle and relatively small, so everyone gets a full view without obstruction. Also to see everything at one sight, I thought the farther and upper seats would've been better. I found myself missing the actions in corners when there are so many things going on at a time.
5	i couldn't wait to get back to my hotel to write a review about le reve. saw mystere last time and was weirded out by it... like literally. thought it was just fucking weird as shit, so i was very skeptical of all these vegas shows but my friend recommended it and she also got us employee discounts.. so we gave it a try.let me tell you.. my husband, our friend, and i was fucking blown away by this show. i would've paid full price and be more than satisfied by it. literally from the beginning to the end the only words that came out of my mouth were "omg", "wow", and "wtf....?". yeah.. it's THAT good. the music gets your adrenaline pumping and you see the band playing the music that the performers and performing to.. you see the singers singing the songs.. it's fucking epic. but seriously.. the music got my heart pumping.. i felt like i needed to go out there and do some cart wheels. seating arrangements are great.. you have a view from wherever you sit. it's awesome. also the popcorn was ON POINT. 100x better than the movie theater popcorn. OH and you can take pictures! say whatttttttttttt? yes you can! so don't forget to bring your camera!! just remember.. NO RECORDING!
5	Having seen every Circque du Soliel show in Las Vegas, I thought this would just be another show along the same lines of Mystere, O, Ka, etc.  Although there certainly are parallels to the CdS shows, this really stood out. Don't go expecting a story, but the stage is really the star of the show.  Like Fellini's 8 1/2, this is a series of random events and encounters loosely themed around a woman searching for her lost love.  Really truly a visual and musical experience, with several scenes that took the audience's breath away.Really really highly recommended.
3	The wife and I went to see this show with a group of friends last weekend.  It certainly was a different experience than the typical Vegas show - NO question there.  There's no stage, for starters.  ALL the action happens in front of you, over you, behind you, beside you, and strangely, under you.So, the Good:visually stunning, to say the least.  INCREDIBLY athleticism, to put it mildly.  Some of the incredible feats performed left all of us wondering where they found these super heroes!  MANY of the trapeze acts are performed not only with no net and no harness, but with people FAR below the trapeze action, AND also soaking wet  people on said trapezes.  Amazing.The Bad:Ok, maybe I'm getting old - but DAMN there's a lot going on at the same time.  Almost from start to finish, multiple stories are taking place across the "floor" (so to speak), and there is no WAY I could keep track of everything going on.  As soon as you start focusing on one element, you start missing two more.  Very difficult.Again, maybe I'm getting old - but to me, if I were the person having this "dream", it would be a nightmare, to put it mildly.  A TON of weird/scary looking dudes, to say the least.Finally, again, maybe I'm getting old, but can someone tell me what the hell this was about?  There was no real storyline that I could see - and it wasn't just me - NO ONE in our group (about fifteen of us) understood it.Bottom line:Visually an incredible experience.  Athletically mind-boggling.Just don't expect to understand it.
5	My wife and I went to Le Reve in November of 2012.  It's good enough that I'm taking the kids to Las Vegas to see this again in April.Le Reve means The Dream, and so is the show.  It is loosely based on a thread of logic but it is after all, a dream.  Non sequiturs are the norm, because it is a dream people.  The presentation is beautiful, the action is better than any of the Cirque Du Soleil acts in Vegas.  I've seen O, Ka, Mystere, Zumanity and Le Reve is best.
4	Very good show. My love and I enjoyed the show.
3	Ratings: Quality (3.5) Atmosphere (4)Storyline (3)Comfort of the seats (4)Service (3.5)Price (***)  -- I received free tickets for this show and even saw kelly ripa at the show (how awesome)Overall (3)It was A-OK.  I really wanted to like it cause I heard so many great things about it.  However, I didnt really like their storyline and it was not really Cirque du Soliel at all.  I was bored within 40-45minutes into the show and the only thing that kept me interested because I really enjoyed the music that they were playing.
5	The most amazing acrobatic show I have ever seen. Period. There is simply nothing like this and it's worth every penny you spend on it. It's an experience you will never forget. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!
5	Just an all around great show! The water, the stage, the performers... Left us speechless for hours! We still talk about this show months after attending!
5	holy crap. so i had never been to a cirque de soliel style show before...and what a way to start! once you get past the part that there really isn't much of a plot (or maybe i just didn't get it) and start to focus on all of the amazing ways these people are contorting their bodies, i was blown away. the lighting, decor and the fact that it was a water show was amazing too! the show itself is just a stunning spectacular to watch. don't go expecting a plot, just go to appreciate how beautiful the performance and decor are! totally worth it.
5	Breathtaking.  Having lived in Sin City for nearly 6 years, I thought I had seen it all.  I've seen basically every major show in town and Le Reve was the last on my stop.  I wasn't expecting much because, frankly, in a city like this, entertainment standards are set pretty high.  Although this is not a Cirque show, it clearly has Cirque influences.  Overall, it has a lot more action than it's Cirque counterpart ("O").  I don't want to give too many details away about the show itself, because it truly needs to be experienced firsthand.  Suffice it to say that the music, lighting, and performances were so beautiful.  Very ethereal, but plenty of action to keep you awake (I fell asleep during O, but I had also had a martini).  The seats are also super comfortable and there is plenty of leg room.   The design of the theater ensures that every seat gets a good show.  The plot is very abstract, so if you simply cannot stand to watch anything without a linear plot, don't go to this show.  Everyone else:  If you're going to see one show while in Vegas (and you are too uptight to see Absinthe), you must go to Le Reve.
5	INCREDIBLE!  Absolutely the BEST show I have ever seen in my life.  I was captivated in the SPLASH zone and would go back again and again.
5	Out of all the shows I have seen on the strip "Le Reve" is my favorite. It is beautiful and has the OH SHIEEEEEET factor with all the cool stunts they do. There is a little bit of a story line, good music, talented performers. At first I thought this was a cirque show but I think this show is better than any cirque show. The theater is beautiful as well with comfortable seats. I highly recommend this show!HOT TIP: It is a smaller venue so basically any seat is a great seat.. so save your $$$
4	This show has a little of everything. Acrobatics, water, magic, and special effects. Some of the acrobatics are definitely amazing. I was entertained the entire time. There's only one weakness, which is the storyline, but so are most shows with this much acrobatics. All the seats will get a good viewing, but the end of the rows may have minor view obstruction, though it was cool sometimes to see them up or down the aisle really close. The front row is also not ideal as there's splash/mist, and sometimes the acrobats drop down and it may require more head strain to watch. Perhaps the middle rows/ middle seats are the sweet spot between detail and field of view?
4	I really enjoyed watching the performers do their thing. I was really entertained.We sat pretty close to the front and I was worried at first about getting splashed on but we all stayed dried. At times you can feel a little bit of humidity but that is totally fine.The performers were awesome. I was oohing and aahing the whole time! Great show, totally worth the money.I'm happy we got to fit some time in to watch this show.
5	What a show! After falling asleep watching Ka at MGM, I decided to get tickets for this show on the recommendation of a co-worker who was a local.The show did not disappoint. A seat towards the middle is best, so you don't have to crane your neck up to see all the aerial amazingness. This show has it all -- the acrobatics, the water elements (fantastic diving, synchronized swimming, etc), and MAGIC! The theater size was just right--small enough so it feels intimate but large enough for performing all the stunts. There were times where I couldn't believe all they could do with the space available!Overall, a show not to be missed. There is a reason why it's been around for so long!
5	Amazing Show!!! Loved it, we got the tickets for free but I would pay to see this show. It was funny and exhilarating and had me on the edge of my seat when everyone was jumping into the water from these crazy heights.
2	I heard such great things about this show, so I was really looking forward to seeing it and then very disappointed with the end result. Why I didn't care for it:First, you definitely have to be a fan of synchronized swimming. It's 80% of the first half of the show. Also within the first half, there was so many things going on in various places of the stage, I wasn't sure where my eyes should go. There really isn't a storyline, it starts out as having one and it very quickly vanishes. It really is a dream, as none of it makes sense, lol. The second half got a little better for me when it really went into what you expect out of a Cirque show - the: "How did they do that?" factor. Overall, I could recommend many other shows over this one.
5	Breathtaking!!! Left me spell bound is all I can say.....you have to watch it to believe...............was worth every penny I spent booking the tickets.......it definitely has some "O" signature.....but is as good, if not better than "O"................1 thing I loved about the show was there was minimal comedy stuff.....for me the comedy stuff that "O" has in the middle is just too lengthy and a time wasting strategy..............For those of you who have seen "O", I would probably rate it same as "O"....it has been 2 years since I have seen "O" though and I am not sure whether they have added anything new to the show in the last 2 years...........Highly recommend this to anyone visiting Las Vegas and want to go in for a Cirque type show
4	This is a beautiful show. I don't ever really know what the heck is going on in Cirque shows, but the performers are so incredibly talented I don't really care. Beautiful people, incredible performers. Check this show out!
5	This is hands down the best show in Vegas.  I love the theater, the performance, the music.  A MUST SEE!!!
4	Visually beautiful performance on a water stage.  Intimate venue and I, personally, would recommend mid to upper seats.  No matter where you sit though, you won't be more than 40-50 feet from the stage.  Cirque du Soleil seems to feature more breathtaking human stunts than this show but it is still quite impressive, nonetheless.
3	Le Reve is ok.... for the price i was expecting something a little bit more impressive the visual aspect of it were pretty cool however the story left me falling asleep
3	Hmmm.... to answer all the Cirque du Soleil fans, this is NOT like Cirque, not even close.  That being said, it's a very pretty show but for this die hard Cirque fan, I'd probably spend the money to see Cirque.
5	Love, love,love this show. It was outstanding. I got the VIP package for my wife and I. It was well worth the money.  We had a video screen we could look at for behind the scenes.  The show is so colorful, it's so engaging. You don't want to take your eyes off the show. The colors, the water, the arena.  They all are part of this show.  It is a must see.  If you can get the VIP with the champagne and chocolate.  Perfect.  Also check out the Wynn. We had dinner at the SW. Yum
5	Oh Le Reve, oh la la! Le Reve is the fabulous show at the Wynn Hotel and Casino.  It is a beautiful, breathtaking aquatic show.  The name Le Reve actually means The Dream in French, which plays nicely with its main theme and storyline.  The show is about you going into the the dreams of the main character and going on a fantastical adventure through the main character's subconscious mind.  And what an adventure it is!This show was created by the mastermind Dragone.  He is the one that created O, Mystere, and Celine Dion's first Vegas show.  He used to be with Cirque but has since gone out on his own because the man is an artistic genius!  The man definitely knows what he is doing when it comes to dreaming up these amazing Vegas shows.  You ask how I know these things, well I used to be a concierge here in town and was lucky enough to attend several behind the scenes tours of this show, so I picked up some fun info right in the show itself.I really don't want to say too much about the show because I don't want to ruin it for you, but it is just a beautiful show.  It does have some Cirque-style acrobatics in it, as well as a lot of other fun imagery.  It is my favorite water show in town and I think it kicks the other water show to the curb!  The theater is a huge circle, so no matter where you are sitting, you have the same view as the person directly across from you.  There are no bad seats but there are wet seats, but those are just more fun, in my opinion.  The action takes place in a 360 degree stage, as well as going from beneath the water to the top of the theater.  No matter which direction you are looking, you will be watching something amazing going on.  The show has so many different scenes that you are always on the edge of your seat wondering what they are going to do next.  Le Reve is simply beautiful, dark, mysterious, lovely, funny, and magnificent. all rolled up in one delightful package.  I think it is a must see show on the Vegas Strip for locals and visitors.
5	Heck yes. This show has it all- aerial acts, water shooting out of everything, creepy people running around, and muscle men flexing.My friend and I went to this show- which is very pricey- and loved it. I have not seen O, but I guess it is suppose to be the rival of Le Reve, or the other way around. Either way, it was awesome.The whole show revolves around a young woman and her dream of love- so yes, there are half naked women running around with the muscle men and it is sooo cool! The stage moves up and down, and so does the water, which makes you wonder how the hell they manage to not knock their heads against the hard stage or fly off into the crowds whilst swinging from wet ropes. This is NOT a Cirque show, but it is very Cirquest, so fans of the other shows will like this one as well.
5	I have seen Le Reve twice and I currently have tickets right now to see it again. For someone that is about to see this production for a third time, yes you guessed it, I am a fan! I even have the soundtrack so I guess that makes me a super fan!!The La Reve theater is a beautiful one of a kind circular theater that was built just for this production. There is not a bad seat in the house. Because of the circular seating design, every time I see the show I get a whole new perspective, thus the show is always exciting to see again. For those that are comparing La Reve to a Cirque show, I feel that the Cirque show will come up short every time. Just go into it knowing that the translation for La Reve means "The Dream" and let yourself get lost in the show. I think you will come away impressed and amazed. For those that say the tickets are pricey, remember that you pay for what you get. This show is a must see if you are thinking about seeing a Vegas show. It is one of my all time favorites and I have seen a few Vegas shows, including: ( in no particular order) -Celine Dion-Garth Brooks-"O"-The Beatles LOVE-Absinthe-Mamma Mia-The Lion King-Mystere-Rock of Ages-The Rat Pack-Penn and Teller-Jabbawockeez-The Amazing Jonathan
5	At the Wynn in Vegas. An excellent show. Similar to "O" but more athleticism.  I was totally taken in for the entire hour and 15 minutes. The theater is round so everyone can see everything. The first 2-3 rows in the front are slash zones. This was the first time I have seen it. Others who have seen it previously have noted positive changes in the show from previous years.You will not be disappointed!
5	Firstly, if you call the reservation line, you might have to wait a while but the people are so helpful and friendly it is worth it!  I had called and asked about military and local discounts as well as any other offers and the person helping me ran each of them to get the best discount.  (I'm sure they probably wanted to strangle me at the end, but they were courteous and polite the whole time!)So I went to see Le Reve with a couple of friends who were in town.  I've seen Cirque shows and musicals on the strip but none were as visually stunning as Le Reve.  The ambiance is set from the moment you walk into the theater (which goes all the way around the stage, so there really are no bad seats).  It is an elegant show with a little storyline and incredibly talented actors/performers.  I was engaged throughout the entire show (that does not happen often as I usually ... SQUIRREL!) and my friends and I kept pointing out little things on the periphery.  There was so much movement and activity going on but it never felt overwhelming, the show flowed very nicely.  HIGHLY recommend if you want to see a show and don't forget to ask about discounts!  :)
5	There is no bad seat in this show. Very entertaining and breath taking. You will get your money's worth in every scene. If you like acrobatics and a dramatic water show, this is the one to watch.
5	Le Reve is definitely an appropriate title for this show. Set in the Wynn, it's a bit out of the way of the central part of the Vegas strip, but it's worth the walk over. My friend and I were lucky enough to score front row seats (splash zone) to the show right by the main stage entrance/exit. Warning: You will get wet, but who doesn't want to be splashed by muscular men wearing tight pants? Exactly. Anyways, they story line to this show is amazing and just so heartwarming... it gives you that funny feeling inside. There are tons of aerial acts in this show as well as synchronized swimming portions (since this is a water show). Lights, sounds, and actors just make the whole setting real. It's pretty fun sitting in the very front since many of the actors come by and become very interactive with the audience.All in all, it's a great show! If you're looking for a more intimate Cirque venue on the strip, this is probably the show for you.
4	AcrobaticsAerialAquaticsClonesCostumesLightsVegasWaterworks
5	Wow... This show was absolutely amazing! It really lives up to it's name because it felt like I was in a dream throughout the entire performance. It was beautifully coordinated and executed. It felt like God Himself came down from the heavens and graced these performers. It was romantic and enchanting, magnificently beautiful from start to finish. Definitely a MUST SEE!
4	This is quite a show!!  The theater itself is truly beautiful... I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  I'll be honest, I found the actual story hard to follow... but who cares?  The acrobatics and aerial action were amazing!!  There is so much to see...the show just seems to fly by.  Lots of really fit people swinging around together all wet... not bad at all!
4	20 stars for pure athleticism!!!! Amazing athletic cast in this unique water show.THERE IS NO BAD SEAT IN THIS INTIMATE WYNN THEATER....so know this when booking tix. I found the storyline bit difficult to follow, and at certain points, was downright confused.I think this show is more about the effects, all the wonderful movable stage and water stunts and acrobats of the performers.Doesnt hurt that the Eurasian looking main character is so stunning, I'm sure.But little me, keep comparing mentally to Cirque, as i have been blessed enough to see a fair number of productions. The live music is so much better there, and I find the overall choreography and costuming also better with Cirque.The synchronized swimming acts were heady. The ghoulish warrior devil-like dudes in and out of the cenote-looking well held me for only a bit of time.Love anything aerial, but did not comprehend the freaky, horror-show like blowup dolls. HUH??!?!Splash zone are first 3-4 rows!PS gave me pause to realize that real time, as I was attending this show, the horrific accident was occurring at MGM's KA----that, by the way, is my very favorite Cirque show, next to O.
5	We were blown away! One of the best Cirque's we've ever seen. Every seat is a good seat. Get your drinks and popcorn before you sit down!
5	Almost as impressive as putting a man on the moon.
5	This was by far the best show I have ever seen.  It was absolutely mesmerizing and amazing.  This is not a Cirque show but it resembles one in many ways.The theater in the Wynn is perfect for this show and there is not one bad seat.  I do suggest a lower seat though because you can see little details in the water that you can't see as well up higher.The dream was played out beautifully between Heaven and Hell and the ending was so perfect.I loved all the little funny guys that pop up periodically that if you weren't paying close attention you wouldn't notice.  Like a random lizard type creature slithering around on the side during one of the scenes.  The acrobatics and sky high drops into the water will leave you with your mouth wide open and your companion having to pull your chin up for you!If this show is still here when I return to Vegas again I will have to see it again because there is so much going on all at once that you can't possibly see everything.The ticket prices - way more worth it - you won't realize this till after the show - but pay the price and see it!
5	This show SO good. I couldn't get over all the amazing acrobatics and feats of strength displayed in this performance. So many special effects and all around sensory overload..in a good way! I would love to see it again so I'll feel like I didn't miss out on any aspect of the show.
5	Amazing...simply amazing. Possibly the best show I have seen in Vegas. One hour and 20 minutes of awe inspiring lighting and choreography. I had heard from many people that this was the best of the Cirque shows and I believe it. Not a bad seat in the house (theater in the round). We were about 6 rows up from the front in section B. I highly recommend this show.
5	If I had the option to offer 4.5 stars, I would. I'm not going to say 4 stars though because this show truly does not deserve it! The theatre is an amazing, perfectly round, quaint room holding 2000 or so people. There is not a bad seat in the house. It all surrounds a 22ft pool of water with rising stage up to 15ft out of the water. I don't know how they do it, but they change the stage completely mid show. It is not the same stage that pops up and down during the performance, but an entirely new one with it's own hydraulics system! The main stage actually breaks up int 4 parts(That I can see/am aware of). A center medalion can separate from an outer ring, either one submerging or rising as the play warrants. Outside of that ring is a circle of water jets to add flair and then their are three ramps that come out and connect to the stage area. There are three sound rooms at minimum and the stage crew must be huge. The performance and acrobatics are amazing as people rise high above the water AND the raised stage doing various stunts to music and storyline. The costumes are fun, vibrant and keep you in a Vegas frame of mind blending story and the locations history together. The price is on the heavier scale of plays/productions in the area costing $130/person but it was well worth it. The only reason that I wouldn't offer five stars(If I could have rated it 4.5) is because the story line is hard to follow. It's called the dream and it's obvious that the main girl is dreaming, but I didn't get the demons or "orchestrator" of the dream. I also expected her to wake up the same way she fell asleep to complete the storyline. I recommend this play.
5	Though not a Cirque Du Soleil show, its of that style.......and on par with the best of the Cirque offerings.  There is a heavy element of water here so its easy to compare to O, and in my opinion, this show is better than O.  The pace is pretty constant, there are usually a half dozen spots where you can place your eyes and be in awe of what the performers are doing.  I really mean in awe......the performers here pull off some incredible displays of strength and grace and athleticsm.  Be prepared (as I was from reading reviews) that the show really is a 'dream' so the story progresses and dances in the same way a real dream would......not linear, not always sensible, but always fantastic.  The theater is completely circular and it feels intimate, but at the same time, be ready to have your eyes gazing upward very often - I can't recall a show where so much happens above as well as stage level.  Very impressed with this show and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Cirque-style shows, this is really a gem.
5	One word: Amazing. Two words: See it.Three words: Definitely worth it.Four words: Takes your breath away.Five words: What are you waiting for?
5	This show is a must see. As others have said, it doesn't have a literal story line, but that's because it's based on the painting by Picasso. It's abstract, yet is full of metaphors, innuendo, and nuance. The show is well paced and has a variety of musical styles. The cast is amazing. The Soundtrack, lighting, and costuming all work in harmony to create many dazzling effects, while alluding to sensual underpinnings of the Picasso. It might be too esoteric for those who don't understand abstraction. For me, the show was mind blowing. Brilliant. If your even remotely thinking about seeing it, don't hesitate. JUST GO! You'll be glad you did.
5	Beautiful show; loved the intimate settling.Reminds me of O show but the stage is a round circular shape; lot smaller & more intimate feeling making you feel like you're closer to the stage. Vivid & passionate colors used throughout this show.Loved the beautiful flowers that bloom at the end of the show.Highly recommend this show; this is one of the better Cirque Soleil shows in Vegas. =)FYI, you can buy discounted tickets on day of the show at Tix4Tonight but you have to go in person to buy them; they have plenty of booths & locations within casinos so don't worry.
5	Pretty girl, pretty girl, pretty girl, you should be smilingA girl like you should never look so blueYou're everything I see in my dreamsI wouldn't say that to you if it wasn't true at...Le Reve! - Bruno Mars (treasure)I don't normally write reviews for non-food related things, but I can 'dream', can't I? It's a round water stage in middle, making it impossible to have a bad seat in the theatre. They encourage you to take as many pictures as you like (without flash of course so you don't distract the performers), which isn't the case at all Cirque shows. There's many elements to the show, including dancing, some synchronized swimming, cute magic tricks, a little bit of illusion, and built-in humor as well. It was certainly entertaining from start to finish, and appropriate for all ages.If you're choosing between this and 'O' (since they are both water shows), I've talked to many people, including MGM properties hosts (who is affiliated with 'O'), who have said they prefer Le Reve over their own company's production.  They serve this huge tub of popcorn at concessions, which might be the best value in Vegas :)
4	This was a good show and especially for being in the water. There was always something entertaining going on. Good show to bring your family but not the best show I have seen in Vegas. The story line was a bit strange. Any seat in the theater is good and the splash zone maybe will get a few drops of water on you. Overall I would recommend this show.
5	Haunting and captivating.This show took my breath away. (I literally held my breath when ever they did crazy stunts.....so scared for them!) The music for the show is beautiful.Like every review says...it's an intimate setting. You can't miss much with the circular theater! Non-flash photography is allowed! I was able to capture some of my favorite parts to show my grandparents at home.
5	I absolutely adore this show. It was one of the first shows that I saw in Vegas, and I am so glad that I did. I am planning to see it again soon!
2	I have never been to a similar type of show as Reve. I actually bought the tickets thinking it is a cirque du soleil production, which it wasn't :-) There is lots of great acrobatics, and some pretty scenes and beautiful colors especially at the end when the flowers pop out of the ceiling. However the story line was not very clear, there was too much going on all the time which made it difficult to focus and truly enjoy. The synchronized swimming was actually not very synchronized all the time :-) My 5 year old daughter was with me which was a big mistake. Most of the performers were half naked and if dressed they might as well have been naked, and frequent parts with suggestive dancing. NOT recommended in my opinion for kids below 13. Cannot comprehend why they would allow kids as young as 5 to enter. Found myself often wishing it would end soon so I could get out!The stage is nice, theater is nice, but overall, I thought it was a waste of money. Not my cup of tea.
5	Best show on the strip.
5	Unbelievably beautiful show in an intimate setting.  Visually stunning feats, emotionally charged music, daring trick after trick interlaced with sultry romance.  Absolutely the best show I've seen in Vegas.  A must see.
5	Great show!  Lighting and sound were fantastic and the show was amazing.  Because it's a round theater, all seats have a great view.  I think higher is better, but you can't go wrong with seating. Don't miss this one!
3	Le Reve was set in a spectacular round theatre so every seat has an awesome view! Beware of the first first rows on the bottom as you may get wet!Overall it was pretty good. I like the stunts and there were beautiful moments. Some parts of it was boring as my aunt next to me was falling asleep. I would like it better if there were more stunts and a better storyline. I understand the story was about a woman who falls asleep and goes into these dreams and nightmares but its still very unclear to me. I honestly think Disney shows are much better and that they should look into creating a storyline people can connect with other than relying on pretty water and stunts. But nonetheless I would recommend this for anyone looking to do a Vegas show as every seat in the house in a Premium Seat with an amazing view and awesome stunts and pretty visuals.
5	Most amazing show I have ever seen.  Period.
5	The show was absolutely amazing. I read others reviews about it not being long enough and I totally disagree. The show is perfect in length. The performances are amazing. We sat in section D row G & I that was a great seat. I would even splurge & pay for the premium seating with champagne & chocolate covered berries if I could do it all over again. I would recommend this show to anyone looking for a nice dinner & show date. We ate at Andreas in the Wynn before we saw the show which made for a great date!
2	After a coworker of mine said he saw this 3 times, claimed it was way better than Cirque Du Solei, and even bought the soundtrack, I had extremely high hopes..  Sadly it didn't live up to my expectations:((. The good points: it was in the Wynn and we were at Encore, 10 min walk from our room, the theater space is intimate and quaint, the performers have an interesting look, and its pretty trippy but its just missing the major WOW!  factor. In fact I was most impressed that they didn't slip with all that fancy dancing in the water..Save your $150
5	Spectacular and completely captivating! The show was breathtakingly phenomenal. It made me want to take swimming/diving/tumbling/acrobatic lessons soon after the show. I would mos def recommend!!!
5	This is the best show in Las Vegas ,Amazing.Amazing.Amazing!
5	I'm not much of a show-goer since the ratio of time entertained to money spent is pretty low. But as Le Reve reminded me, the quality can sometimes be more than worth it.I would be hard-pressed to go through all the details from beginning to end. However, I will try my best to describe the show in generalities so that you can have a good idea of what to expect. The first thing you notice when you enter the theater is this circular arrangement of seats that descends toward a pool, which starts off covered in a mist to add a shroud of mystery. The second is this sort of fabric roof. (Spoiler alert: it retracts.)After the show begins, just sit back in your comfy seat and enjoy. It's pretty much a chain of smaller performances that slowly tell a story (which isn't terribly hard to figure out). There's magic, there's humor, there's big group dances, there's ballroom-style performances, there's diving, there's acrobatics performed while suspended in the air, and there's even synchronized swimming that doesn't make me want to go to sleep.It's not just that they have all these different performances. Throughout the show, they also use changes in lighting to great effect. They also adjust the height of the walking platforms above or below the water's surface. There was one notable act in this performance where dancers kept throwing themselves dangerously into the ground, but they must have been cushioned by a few inches of water.And then there's the thorough utilization of vertical and circular space. Vertically, they drop people in from the surprisingly high ceiling, they raise people up, they have people perform strength acts while hanging on to ropes or various objects, and they swing people around. Circularly, they often have several performers in different parts of the circular pool such that every section of the audience gets a similar experience.If you're looking for a great Vegas show and you don't have problems following a lot of action at once, you can't go wrong with Le Reve. It really is a dream.
5	A must see-beautiful masterpiece.
5	The stage was amazing, and the effects with the water were very cool. I wonder how much it cost to fabricate the stage! The performers have to have total trust that the mechanics are all where they are to be, because at one moment, the stage is elevated so they can walk on the water while at other times it is made deep enough for them to dive into. Sensory overload because you have to keep on looking up and down and left and right! Great show!
4	I honestly havent beenbtoo many shows in vegas but this is easily the best one ive seen. The venue was alot smaller than I thought it would be any practically any seat is great due to the way the show is set up. I would easily recommend it to anyone
2	Beautiful soundtrack, good visuals, messy choreography..I cannot say I am impressed. I have seen numerous Cirque du Soleil shows (Mystere, Dralion, Quidam, Ovo, O, Zumanity, and Zarkana) and decided to give La Reve a shot after coming back to Vegas. However, the stunting and acrobatics performed in La Reve really cannot compare to those of Cirque for a couple of reasons.1) Sustainability - A Cirque act lasts for maybe 10 minutes but a La Reve act lasts for maybe 5 minutes. The performers in La Reve just do not have the strength and stamina to pull through stunts continuously. They break out in dance in between to take a breather.2) Artistry - Overall, I felt that La Reve's choreography is incredibly messy. Many of the routines are replayed over and over again (such as synchronized swimming) and hence, there is not much creativity. Props to the Latin ballroom dancing scenes, but that isn't exactly a wow factor for a show that's supposed to rival Cirque.3) Humor - Cirque clowns do an amazing job at making people laugh. La Reve tried to input some humor but the "clowns" in La Reve could not pull it off. Many of the jokes were overused and expected.With all that being said, the soundtrack of La Reve is amazing and I enjoyed how the performers walked/performed their way down the aisles so if you are planning to see it, definitely get an aisle seat!
5	I keep going back and changing my rating from 4 to 5...4....5.  Can't decide!  It was really good.  I love acrobatic shows and have seen about a dozen Cirque shows over the years, so was really excited to see how it's competitor stands up.  The acrobatics aren't as thrilling.  Most of the time they are secured to a rope.  I don't know much about acrobatics, but it just seems less...acrobatic.But, I really enjoyed the round intimate setting.  We were 3 rows from the stage/pool and you can feel the movement of the water and the wind (without getting wet!).  Plus, the show is visually amazing.  Between the costumes, movements, lighting, props, etc.  Just beautiful.  Ok...5!
4	Are you a Las Vegas local?? Call the box office first and ask if there's a local's discount! Great deal vs the online price. The theater is smaller and more intimate. Not as big as some of the Cirque theaters that I've seen. Their use of the water was very creative. Main points:-Price: $86/tickets with locals discount + Fees and tax-Show length: 1 hour and 15 mins-Cool: You can take pictures throughout the show with no flash-Kinda eh: The tricks weren't as elaborate or daring as I've seen at the Cirque shows, but it was overall entertaining-Seats: There really aren't any bad seat in the house. The theater is circular so the show can be enjoyed at any view. Maybe I wouldn't recommend sitting in the very front row due to risk of getting wet!!
4	Le Reve -The Dream is a wonderful compilation of amazing athleticism & acrobatic feats, fun choreography and an easy to follow story-line. My husband & I went to the 9:30 showing and the doors opened a few minutes before 9 pm. We were promptly shuffled into the inner lobby & concession  area where it quickly became crowded, stuffy and uncomfortable. So, after what seemed to be an extended time waiting in the lobby the doors finally opened.  As we walked into the main theater area we were very pleased to see that it was a theater in-the-round with a large pool of shimmering water in the center.  It's a very intimate theater with the stage in the center of the water that is submerged or elevated depending on the scene.  We were delighted to be so close to the performer while still being able to take in all the activity not only center stage but throughout the theater. The performers were animated, and the choreography visually mesmerizing - it was absolutely captivating & thoroughly enjoyable.
5	This is in my top two favorite shows in Vegas.  It's not part of Cirque but it definitely lives up to the hype.  I've seen "O" and I actually think Le Reve is better.  I like the layout of the venue.  It's circular, so every seat in the house has a good view.  Tickets were definitely pricey (over $100/ticket), but it was well worth the experience.  The show takes you through a beautiful, creative, and colorful ride and left me in awe.  We sat in the "splash zone" but didn't really didn't get splashed at all.  It was a fun show!
2	The stage is beautiful, the sets are beautiful.. The story and music were blah.  We were disappointed and fell asleep.  I looked around and we weren't the only ones having a hard time keeping our eyes open.
3	I was not impressed with the show. It cannot beat the "O" show. Since I gave "O" a 4 star, this is only 3, 3.5 at most.  The entire show is good to look at initially; then, everything gets repetitive afterwards. It's mostly about jumping from the top to the pool, from the pool up to the ceiling, jump again and again and again... Almost put me to sleep. The difficulty of these moves are definitely not as hard as those in the "O" Show.
2	I had high hopes, but i was not impressed. this is the first show i started falling asleep with. It came with my hotel when we stayed there. It had high flying acrobatics with water. the performers come from the roof hooked to cable. I didn't really hate it i just wasn't impressed. Glad i didnt have to pay for it.
5	I've seen the show at least 9 times.  They make adjustments and improvements every 6-8 months.  The last showing was the best I've seen yet.  Obviously, this is one of my favorite Las Vegas shows.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	Truly amazing show, and I feel redundant to repeat what most yelpers have to say. I'm a monster Cirque fan, and have seen most of the shows, so I was excited to see this one since Franco Dragone directed this production also. (Franco directed both O and Mystere) I love that this theater is arranged so well, there simply isn't a bad seat in the house. Unless you love champagne, and realize after you're seated there are seats towards the back that serve you champagne --- then you might consider your champagne-less seat, well .... bad. The choreography, the stunts, the entire show was truly breathtaking ... perhaps my age is catching up with me, but at times the show was overwhelming. At a few points during the show I felt I was on sensory overload and had no idea what I was supposed to concentrate on. Overall it was fantastic, and a great show to see when in Vegas.
3	The show itself was meh. The sets and the costumes were amazing. Most of the acts were not imaginative and definitely not original. I don't really care to see people jumping from a great height into water feet first. The Olympics high dive is way more interesting. There were a lot of people just running around performing out of sync dance moves that were more on the simple side. I did enjoy a few acts, the two men balancing on each other was amazing. Such gracefulness from two bulked up men. It was amazing.
1	This show was made for the attention deficit people out there. It seamed like a discombobulated combination of a strange night of dreams. Distractions are everywhere. Like a dream it was thankfully a forgettable nightmare. I don't recommend going to this show. I prefer more meaning, artistic and athletic feat, and intellectual appeal for my shows and entertainment.There were a few times were great artistic and physical strength were shown. Otherwise, it was a lot of costumes, flash, and water splashing. Not my cup of tea.
4	I went over Christmas 2012 and had a fantastic time. All the seats provide excellent views of the show, and discount tix can be obtained at 1/2 Price ticket outlets . Very much a Cirque show , but without the monicker. I heard that the show was revamped from its' original version due to Mr. Wynn's disatisfaction. Anything with his name on it is first rate, and worth the chance. Although this would not be my first choice in Vegas shows, it does crack the top 5. I would classify it as a cross between "O" and Mystere (since their is a storyline).
5	In love with Le Reve!!! We were seated row b which is the second row known as the "splash zone". No, it's not like Sea World where Shamu soaks you wet because you are seated in the wet zone, not a single drop of water splashed on or near us. The music, lights and colors are spectacular. It's really a dream on, in and under water. The performers are all beautiful and on point at all times. Definitely rate Le Reve number 1 in Vegas
5	My favorite of all the Cirque shows I've seen in Vegas. The water performances are amazing and the story line is easy to follow. I highly recommend this show.
5	This is a MUST SEE!!  I had wanted to see this show a few years back when I was in Vegas before and I wasnt able to see it.  But WOW/  The seats are great, no bad seat in the house.  Love the mix of water, acrobatics, theatre and everything.  The stories told were great/  Love the costumes and the acrobatics are amazing.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to see a spectacular show.
5	This is my favorite show. Seen it 3 times already. If your in vegas for the first time and want to see a wow factor type show, this one is highly recommended. I dont think it will interest kids much but for the adults this show is mesmerizing, captivating, and visual stunning. Its an intimate 360 theater so everyone has a good seat and perfect view of the stage. Everytime I've seen this show I feel like I've escaped reality. Tickets are a bit high but the performance is well deserving of that $$$. My suggestion is to always check those other sites for some discounts.
5	Amazing top notch show. By far, the best Cirque show in Vegas.  Kept us awe-inspired and entertained the entire time. Left me with chills. Also great plush over-sized seating. A must see for anyone interested in a show during their trip.
3	Beautiful set design, beautiful show, but absolutely confusing. I tried my best to figure out what the show want to convey, to no avail. I've seen most of the Cirque Du Soleil shows and I can usually quickly figure out what the story of the shows are. But not Le Reve.Honestly, its a beautiful show and I thought money fairly well spend. Though, I don't plan to see it again. For the same money, I much rather go see Love or Zumanity, or even O, Ka, and Mystere to a lesser extent.
5	Such a fantastic show!This show lasts around 1:20 minutes, and it has a well connected story. The stage is magical, and I can never expect what is going to happen next. Highly recommend, enjoy the show!
4	Good but so much going on. To much dancing for my taste. Costumes are nice and you have a very good view from wherever you sit. Would I watch it again? Ahhh don't think so. O show & Mystere are still #1 on my list.
5	WHAT AN AMAZING SHOW!I think Le Reve ties for my favorite Las Vegas show next to KA. We've seen almost all of the Cirque shows now (except O) and this was on the next level. I love that they reinvent the show every few months to keep it fresh. The layout is so intimate (including the splash zone) and the lights/water combo is extraordinary. The performers are best in class and truly talented.I didn't know what to expect when we got complimentary tickets to the show but left in awe. I looked up behind the scenes videos to figure out how those girls in the red heels could stay underwater for so long. The thought behind each of these routines are of the next level. I can't wait to come back in a year or so and rewatch this.
3	I like to think that the folks who have seen Le Reve fall under two camps: those who loved the show and those who were left wondering what the heck was going on. Needless to say, I fall in the latter category. Before further elaborating on the things that I disliked about the show, I first want to note that the performers were spectacular as usual. They never fail to amaze me with their physical prowess and breathtaking stunts. Additionally, the theater was truly impressive with 360 degree coliseum seats around a fluid stage and amidst a beautiful deep purple and green background.Now on to the so-so/borderline bad. The flow and cohesion of the acts seemed clunky and disconnected. On one scene, you have fish people followed by tango dancers; it's as if the show is trying to figure out its own footing and this is the stumbling phase. Also, good luck trying to figure out the specific story line. In one act, the female protagonist is being courted by a goat (devil?) and then in another she is swept away by some dude in a leather jacket. Towards the end of the show, I just relegated myself to the fact that it's a story about dreams, which can be good ones or nightmares. I also wasn't too crazy about the cheesy love songs (with lyrics). I feel that shows with the same caliber as that of Cirque du Soleil (other readers have messaged me emphasizing that this one is NOT part of the Cirque du Soleil famil, but rather is an independent production by the Wynn - so I want to make sure to point that out) do not need songs with words to evoke what's going on in the stage - this should be palpable enough through the choreography and movement of the performers. Although in fairness, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the singers and music were performing live throughout the show. For the amount of money that I paid (and this show tends to be much more expensive compared to the Cirque shows in Las Vegas), I did not feel that this one truly delivered.
5	Better than O.Due to the circular theater, every seat in the house is awesome. I loved all the special effects and the lighting was spot on. Well worth the $!
5	A MUST SEE SEE SHOW IN VEGAS! At first we were torn to see between Le Reve or O. First choice is O, I called Belagio and ask if they have a discount and unfortunately they aren't giving any kind of discount.. bummer! So, I called Wynn and YES! they have a discount. The show is totally spectacular.. the performers are amazinggg, I'm wondering why other people were criticizing it.. I guess some people were just born critical lol! Anyways.. if u want to see a great show in Vegas without spending so much this show will not disappoint you. I Loveeee this show and we highly recommend this!
5	Loved, loved loved this show.  My favorite out of the 3 I saw while in Vegas this trip.  Would recommend to all.
5	Absolutely the most beautiful theatre IMO!This show is where the "WOW" word will be said by "You" at least a few dozen times before the show is done,. Definitely the "Best" Vegas show I have seen so far and I've seen mostly all of the CDS shows accept  for Love & Zumanity. The next time you're in Vegas, this show is worth every penny. Highly recommended, especially for the optimist and those who love to Dream..
4	Overall good show. Some of the stunts were amazing. We sat in the first row and therefor saw many of the flaws which I don't think would be visible from a few rows back, plus we were getting splashed, but that wasn't too bad. The music quality is definitely 4-stars, maybe even 5, but this is really not my style. The visuals and lighting were amazing and the main actress is beautiful, eye-candy, very nice to look at. The show has a little bit of everything, stunts, athletics, funny, serious, beauty, love, lust, SEX, and magic. The only thing I didn't like was at times there was too much going on, hard to keep track. Enjoyable, but not sure this is a $110 per ticket show. If you get a good price, its may be worth it, nice theater too.
5	Bottom line: every last second was captivating. The acrobatics were stellar, but it also had amazing lighting, dancing and the set is an engineering  marvel. This stage transforms at very step of the game. Highlight: the divers were the best part of the show for me. Seating: it seemed to me there wasn't a bad seat in the house because is how the venue is designed.
4	It was beautiful. There were times when I felt overwhelmed because I didn't know where to look because there was so much going on. I liked the circular theater and how the show was performed so that every part of the theater felt like it was the best; it was a large theater but still felt very intimate. My friends had gone to see it the week prior and did comment that they did not expect quite so many scantily clad buff men, but I didn't really find this to be a big problem (surprise surprise). The set was amazing and impressive and the performers were wonderfully talented. Would definitely recommend this.
5	Sensational and awe-inspiring. Le Reve is a feast for the eyes and imagination.From the theatre and ambiance, to the incredible water stage, to the unparalleled acrobatic/aquatic/dance performances, this show is pure awesomeness. Everyone seems to be comparing Le Reve with Cirque Du Soleil performances and that's fair because these are among the best cirque-style performances in Vegas. I won't go on to explain all the differences (imp. note: Le Reve is NOT in the CDS family) but here are some things to keep in mind if deliberating between LR vs CDS: LR features less individual acrobatic performances than you may be wanting, nearly all acts revolve around aquatic elements like diving, synchronized swimming, etc, because it is an aquatic-themed show, story is a little more abstract than what you may be expecting, and it is just a little over an hour in length. With that being said, the performances in Le Reve are incredible. I felt that, even though there was so much going on, there was incredible coordination between every performer on stage which translates into extraordinary cohesion. The fact that there isn't a bad seat in the house helps with the experience, not to mention that with every act you absorb the full performance through the nature of the theatre. And though everything is aquatic, what a perfect unifier for the "dream"-like element they are looking to achieve through the show. In regards to the story being too abstract and not making sense, there is cohesion between the acts but the abstract feel is intended; they don't call it Le Reve The Dream for nothing. Also the duration was perfect, you're left celebrating and your senses recovering. Awesome show, highly recommended!
3	Great show with excellent stunts and effects.  However, I was confused on the ticket purchasing online, so not sure if I got the best tickets.  I am generally good about buying "concert" tickets online by looking at the venue, but I didn't have very good luck with this purchase.  I'm glad we went, but next time I'll purchase different seats now that I know the layout of the venue.
5	There is a reason why this is the best show in Vegas. Went there with my family and sat in the spalsh zone. It indeed is like a dream, I would love to give out more details but don't want to steal the thunder. All I will say is dont miss this showEven when sitting in the 1st row.of.spalsh.zone we hardly got wet, so dont carry any cover/rain protections.. just sit back and enjoy.
5	BEAUTIFUL SHOW ROOM. Every angle in the theater I think gives you just as beautiful look into the stage. Even before the show starts when you walk in it's just beautiful. There's a story to it so there's not just Technique and Looks. A must see in Vegas! I'm so glad I ignored those damn 1-2 stars review in Yelp... I have no freakin' idea who would say they fell asleep in this... Probably drunk people only enjoying lap dances.
5	I must say that this is the best show that I've seen in Vegas so far. I've seen Beatles LOVE and Zarkana, which were both very good, but Le Reve blew my mind away on a whole different level. My eye was irritated that night and I was a bit sleep going into to the later show (9:30pm), but throughout the show I did not want to rest my eyes at all. Every second there was something amazing happening and I just didn't want to miss it.Without spoiling the show for you by giving you all the details, I will say that this show definitely gets your emotions rolling. You may feel happy, sad, angry, scared, and excited throughout the whole show. Just as everyone mentioned before: there's not a bad seat in the house. I usually prefer sitting further back from the stage, but this time i sat four rows from the front to sit with my brother and his girlfriend and I still loved the show from my seat.Totally recommend this show if you haven't seen it yet!
5	Our 2nd time!  We saw the show last year and were just blown away by the beauty and every detail of the show - and - there were different elements from last year's show.Very well done!  An absolute must~
5	CORRECTION: Not a cirque show!. However just as great and I was in major ahhh, astonishment, and amazement. The Dream kept up with my assumptions and overwhelmed me with talent and beauty. I was gifted 2 tickets at work, section A, row D. It was a Sunday night, and the place was at about 65% capacity so we had no one on either side of us, which was nice. But the seats were big and comfortable enough that even had we had neighbors, it would have been fine. You could feel the humidity as soon as you enter the circular room. It was not uncomfortable until the very end. The name "The Dream" fits the show perfectly as it takes on you on a journey through a young woman's dreams and possible fantasies and nightmares. Every person in the show is beautiful from head to toe. The movement in their bodies was extraordinary. And it can't be possible for them all to hold their breath that long under water can it? These performers have true talent. Not to mention the round stage with the water surrounding it, lights and music from all angles. It was like a dream. Yet the story still followed a plot, and made sense. it was not too long, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. It didn't get slow or boring. Every little aspect brought some form of skill and magnificence. Working in a high rise, this show can easily be recommended to locals, as well as tourists, and I will have people thanking me. I am lucky that I was able to go for free, I would have paid in a heartbeat!
4	It was a very unique show. Most of it is in, over and under the water. It was definitely a one of a kind performance that could not be duplicated in any other theater.
5	Amazing show! Visually stunning! The performers are so talented! We had VIP seats, so we had bottomless champagne, truffles, super plush seating, and small video screens at our feet showing backstage and underwater cameras. There is a concession stand inside the theater, in case you wanted beer, wine, soft drinks, or some of that AMAZING smelling popcorn. I would love to see it again!!
1	We were only in town for 2 nights, and purchased tickets to Le Reve for the first night.  A few hours beforehand, we received an email that it had been CANCELLED.  We called the service number immediately to reschedule for the second night.  The phone call took place over a quick 2 minutes, and the rep told us we were all set for the second night.  When we got to the theatre on the second night, we were told the show was CANCELLED AGAIN.  When we inquired about the reason behind the series of cancellations, a rep in ticket told us "engineering had concerns about equipment safety and still needed more time to work on it."  When we spoke with a supervisor named Lindabea later, she tried to refute that statement (and was also trying to cut us off when we tried to voice our concerns, by insisting that everything we experienced was no fault of Le Reve / Wynn)More than just missing out on a performance, we were really disappointed at the opportunity cost!  In each case, the cancellation was so last minute that we couldn't get seats to another Cirque du Soleil show.  We were essentially "stood up" both nights at the Wynn and were not offered another show of equal entertainment value.  Most importantly, the question to ask Le Reve staff is:Why release tickets for sale to a show if you know it's going to be unsafe?  Shouldn't engineering be testing their equipment regularly and making replacements and updates on a regularly basis to ensure top quality?  As soon as there is any suspicion that engineering isn't robust, shouldn't they stop releasing tickets to vendors?  I don't want to be supporting an unsafe show at any rate, so I hope others can find out more about this if they get a chance.
5	I'm the guy that has been to Vegas many times and could have seriously cared less to go to one of these shows.....until I did....WOW, absolutely breathtaking and money well spent.  After seeing one, we actually modified our trip to stay and see two more!I fully intend to return to Vegas to see many more shows.  What amazes me is that these performers can do this over and over and over with perfection.
4	Still a great production but I was expecting to be more impressed based on hype.   Le Reve's theater is beautiful and just walking in makes you feel like something cool is going to happen.  While the show had some great moments, it got kind of repetitive to me and the storyline was pretty lame. I actually dozed off at some parts of the show. They just do the same thing over and over without enough wow-factor moments to keep me fully engaged. Sometimes there were too many people on the small stage and in the air...I didn't know what to focus on. Seats higher up are better because you get a bigger field of vision to see everything.  People say not to compare it to O but it's hard not to given the acrobatic themes and water-based stage. I'd rather watch O for the 3rd time than Le Reve for the second
5	Saw this show on Saturday night and loved it!  The seats are so comfortable, you almost want to stay and take a nap after.. If they only reclined!  The theater was a good size and it appeared that any seat in the house would provide a good view.  We were in the 5th row from the water and I almost wish I was a little higher up as there was a lot going on above and around the stage.  The story is odd, but a dream and we all know that dreams can be zany and confusing :) the performers were amazing, expressive and so talented.  The strength of the performers had me in awe.   Some of the releases into the water from such heights, were gasp worthy.  I enjoyed every moment and only wished I had such dreams and a glittery wardrobe of my own..  One of the best Birthday gifts I have received.
5	Absolutely breathtaking.  Okay, so I don't completely get the storyline...but the show is so well put together.  Multiple times I was sitting in awe wondering how they did it.  Definitely a must see if you're in vegas.
2	A very ho-hum show.  The theater was absolutely gorgeous...not a bad seat in the house.  The show, however, leaves one to wonder how the creative genius behind Cirque du Soleil could've created such a boring show.  Let me emphasize, this is not a Cirque show.  Le Reve was created by the same artistic director who created the fantastic Cirque shows in Vegas.  My suggestion is to save your money, bypass this show, and instead watch one of the other Cirque shows in town (Mystere is by far my favorite).
5	As a local, I have seen all the most popular Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas.  Le Reve although I hear not technically considered CDS is right up there at the top of the list. I don't see a difference other than technically calling it a CDS.  My first trip to Le Reve did not disappoint.  Even though I've been a professional athlete for 10 years I am still in awe of the performers. They can do things I can't even imagine attempting. The amount of work and dedication they put into their art is second to none.  These people are the best of the best! Le Reve has a lot of water acts in it. Synchronized swimming, high diving, etc.  It is mixed with some very cool acrobatics acts.  There is a cool story line that goes along with the show.  I could go more in detail but really you have to see it for yourself. Anyone who gives this show a bad review is just a negative person trying to be a hater. There is literally nothing negative you can say about the show.  Would definitely see again.  The show lasted about 90 minutes.
5	Amazing show. Loved every second of it. Was applauding until my hands felt like they were about to fall off.
5	Amazing! Best show I've ever seen! Worth every penny, I highly recommend it.
5	Absolutely the best show I've seen. I don't know what else to say other than it was just absolutely amazing.
5	Together with O, my favorite shows of all time. I liked the plot as it was sue real. simply one word will do: breath taking
5	Book your tickets in advance. Great seats all around. This is one of my favorite shows on the Strip. The seats are comfortable too! I'm a local, I've seen many shows on the Strip and this is one of the best. People compare this to O but I don't. Everyone is a critic but the show opened in May 2005 so they must be doing something right. They also offer a Backstage Tour which I recommend doing after you see the show. You will be amazed at what goes on behind the scenes and how much hard work and dedication goes into putting this show on.
5	Even though this show is not part of the Cirque du Soleil brand, it is done in the same style. Since they incorporate a lot of water elements it is actually really similar to O in my opinion. I think I enjoyed Le Reve a little more because there is more of a story but there were also some parts I did not enjoy such as the weird giant baby.The first time I saw it I was with my husband and we splurged for the VIP seats which was really nice. They were very private and you got your own space with chocolate covered strawberries and champagne so it was very romantic as well. The really cool part was that you also had a screen where you could see what was going on under the water. So, if a performer dove off a platform and disappeared underneath the stage you could see them down there getting air from scuba divers and preparing to climb or jump back up on cue. It was pretty cool. I'd definitely recommend that for someone who has already seen the show but wants a different perspective and a more behind the scenes (so to speak) experience. I saw the show another time with my sisters and I probably would only give it a four (O is better) but because of the VIP experience they offer I have to give it five stars!
5	Super amazing show and once again Cirque du soleil did not disappoint! Loved all the choreography including the magic! Still do not know how most of it was done, just amazing! Talented staff and loved all the water tricks. Sometimes I was seriously scared for some of the performers... They really put their life on the life for our pure entertainment! The Wynn theatre is just gorgeous and I'm glad we spent our night watching this show.
5	Phenomenal show!!!  This is why you go to vegas!!   I'm pretty sure my jaw was dropped the entire show!  Constant goosebumps, and gasps!!   The performers are unbelievably talented!  I don't think there is a bad seat in the house!  Oh and I found out the stage (which is water). Is 27ft deep!!   You see some incredible drops/flips/dives!!   Incredible!!
5	I loved the show! We sat in the 4th row in aisle seats next to one of the canals. The strength of the performers was incredible. My month was open in awe for the whole show. My only complaint was that I don't have enough eyes to see everything that was going on.
3	After watching ka and o, le reve was a bit boring for me.No story line much--can be sum up to about a girl who is a slut, tempted by desire for love or sex. Only cool part was the strong men stacked ontop of each other. Otherwise not worth the money. The ending stage set is prettier than o and ka... Take pictures.Cool part is u r allow to take pictures during the show.
4	Pretty good show, we were holding our breath at some scenes. Great seats all around so it's ok to get those cheap tickets since the stage is in the middle of the audience.
5	Hearing a lot and I mean a LOT of raves from friends about Le Reve , so made plans for after Valentines dinner. Dinner was great @ Border Grill (review later) and after a short drive to Wynn and an even shorter wait time for the entrance we had no problem getting to our sits, the staff were very helpful and very accommodating. The show started with a bang! The kind that takes your breath away and with that precedence the whole show was spectacular. I will not spoil it for anyone but it is a must see show wherein you will appreciate the physicality, nerve and the countless hours of preparation this performers (athletes) put into the show needless to say death-defying.A must see show for Vegas visitors and locals =-)
5	This show is amazing! A must if you are in Vegas. We got the VIP seats with champaign & strawberry's and it was worth the price. The seats are on the back row and they are the best view in the whole place:-)
5	One of the most amazing things I've ever seen; a beautiful and inspiring work of art.  I laughed, teared up, got chills, gasped and got rushes of adrenaline.  A total blast!Loved the narrative, the context of dreaming was so well done and contemplating the logistics alone is an entertainment.
4	Let me just say - ALL SEATS ARE GOOD!  Don't make the mistake of buying a more expensive ticket because all seats in this entire stadium (so to speak) are great. We ordered drinks (which were EW gross), and settled in our third row.  The seats directly in front of us were cheaper, but located in the "splash zone".  I did not see one single person get wet the entire night.The show itself is awesome, visually stunning and very entertaining.  I enjoyed the acrobatic, and also the visual effects.This is definitely a must see in Vegas.  I've been to a few shows, and this one ranks right up there in my top 3.
5	Hello....so I have been some some cirque shows on the strip and I must say that this one is super groovy.  It is a 365-degree arena and the seats are all good.  I got the last row seat and I could still see the show.  HOWEVER, if I was to buy tickets again, I would go for middle-row seats.  I wouldn't want too close because of their aerial acts and looking up all the time would give me a neck crick.  No fun! They have water act, aerial act, romance, intrigue, drama, and just really cool sound and lighting effects.  They story is very easy to follow (I usually try to research the story ahead of time but I didn't have time this time round).  This show left ME in a state of dreaminess and relaxation.  Honestly, it is a superb show.  It was too bad for me that I didn't see this show when it first opened yearrrsss ago!  :)
5	A friend has wanted to see this show for some time now, so when we found ourselves with a free evening in Vegas, she convinced me to see the show. I'm so glad that I went!I don't think there's a bad seat in the house, but the VIP section at the top probably would have disappointed me had I paid for those seats. No no, my tickets purchased from one of those same day ticket places for $123 was the perfect seat. I saw everything perfectly!Absolutely amazing show by some extremely talented people. How they hold on and do the things they did with such precision is beyond me. I certainly got my money out of the show, and would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to see a show while in Vegas.
5	Le Reve is a MUST SEE in Las Vegas. What an amazing show! It was a combination of amazing talent, great music and super creative set. All the performers in Le Reve are extremely talented and you could tell they are all very passionate about what they do. The way the theater is designed is brilliant, any seat in the theater you would have a perfect view. Le Reve definitely exceed my expectation and I wouldn't mind going again to see it when I'm up in Las Vegas.
1	I was looking forward to this show for a long time especially after reading reviews saying it was comparable to O. If you're debating whether to see O or this, definitely go with O. This world class show is nowhere near world class. No-flash photography is allowed at the show. However, they ask that videos not be taken. Well, that's where the Wynn Theatre ushers make even mall cops seem decent. Be prepared to be distracted every 3 minutes by theatre staff shining their flashlights and waving their hands in the air, even walking in front of audience members to "bust" audience members taking videos. My experience was completely ruined by venue staff overly enforcing the non-video rule. BE WARNED. You WILL be distracted unless you're sitting up real close.
5	Amazing show! I have nothing to compare it too since this was my first live 'circus' show but I was definitely blown away. Maybe the only con I could think of is that this show tends to be a little draggy after a while but its simply ENCHANTING nevertheless esp the hanging performers. Although we were sitting in the splash zone and I looked like an idiot with a jacket on my legs, we did not get sprayed by water. I still am conflicted if I should be disappointed or relieved :)Definitely see it if you are in the area. Thumbs up!
5	Amazing show, with stunning performers, breathing taking stunts and acrobatics, creative choreography, and beautiful dancing in the water! The stage effects were phenomenal. The stage is set in a huge pool of water. It features thrilling high dives off from really high up on the stage into the deep water. The plot is filled with romance and action. The show is good for all ages.The show is at the Wynn casino. The theater is intimate. All of the seats were good, even if you are in the last row. Con's:- expensive- it was hard to follow the plotYou really can't go wrong with Cirque du Soleil. All of the shows are amazing. If you are in Vegas, make sure you see one of the Cirque du Soleil show's.
5	I've seen all the Cirque shows in Vegas. This is by far the best. Spend the extra $ & get the VIP seats. High back comfy chairs w/little table to hold choc covered strawberries & bottle of champagne that comes w/VIP seats. Plus monitors at your feet that show what's happening back stage & under water. Awesome show.
5	Beautiful show at the Wynn. Love the circle theater. Doesn't matter where you sit, anywhere is a good view. The show had a romantic story with a diverse array of characters, good and bad. The water effects and moving stage were great. I only took pictures at the end so I could enjoy the show in the moment, which I highly recommend. Save your program to look back on the show.
5	Amazing show!!
5	The most exotic experience I had in Las Vegas. There were moments when I felt I was in heaven. Great mix of circus de soleil and musical. If you are into broadway shows, you don't want to miss this one :)
4	First off, 5 stars for the athletes who make the show special. Their fetes of strength are outstanding as well as the acrobatics. The stage and settings are beautiful and fascinating. Again 5 stars. The drawback for me, I'm 6'2, was the severe lack of leg room even though the seats were very plush and comfortable. The lack of cup holders also seems odd as they sell beer and drinks in cups.I highly recommend and feel it's one of those must see Vegas shows.
5	This show has it all. A must see in Vegas!!! We sat in VIP where they have small tv screens near your feet that show you shots of backstage and underwater live. It could be distracting if it's your first time seeing the show but I found it wonderfully insightful. VIP seats or not this show is great!!!
5	Omg where do I start this show was extraordinary I was in aww with the things they did and high they jumped it had a wonderfull story and the seats were great everywhere I think since it's a 360 theatre it had water fire and wind it's a must see
5	Show was incredible! We've seen O and mystere and liked this just as much! The performers, costumes and stage are amazing!! There's not a bad seat in the house. We spent a little more and sat in the VIP section at the top and loved it. The seats are bigger with a lot more leg room, and you get a waitress. We would definitely recommend the show!
3	The talent of the performers dancing on the stage in the water, diving from the platform or from elevated positions or the gymnastic wonders that took place throughout the performance was impressive. Like some others, I did not know the story of the performance, found trying to track the ideas challenging and did not care for much of the music.  But the talent of the cast, the feats of strength and coordination they displayed and the staging and special effects were captivating and despite my ongoing questions about what was the message or story, I was truly awed. I think it would be wonderful if the production included some form of intro narration to lead the audience into understanding concepts that will be presented.  They provided a free program; but I had neither my glasses nor light to use it during the show.I recommend the show.  Read up on it before you go and then you will not be distracted by trying to figure the story line and you can simply be amazed by the  finesse, the grace, the endurance and strength of each of the performers!
5	What a fantastic show. I loved that it focused on the physical talent and the choreography of the performers and creative staff and was light on the cheesy costumes that pervade so many other of these cirque type shows. This show simply featured beautiful bodies doing super human acrobatic and water feats. It is a great show and I would go see it again. The combination of the synchronized swimming and high acrobatics was thrilling to watch.
5	Great show, 75 min went by so fast... very entertaining
1	My husband and I decided to watch this because of all the great reviews, but that was the biggest mistake we ever made!! Granted, there are no bad seats, you have a great view from anywhere, but that's about the only positive I can think of. I literally wanted to walk out in the middle of it. There was nothing special about it...the dancing was laughable and guys with light-colored wet tights leave little to the imagination.  Waste of time and money.
5	One of my top two shows in Vegas. Great theatre, incredible cast and a wonderful production.  A treat for the eye!
5	Seriously one of the best shows in Vegas!  As a Las Vegas local I've seen countless shows on the strip and throughout the city and Le Reve is hands down my favorite!  The Various artistic elements they use add so many layers of depth to the show, from aerial acrobatics, water performances, dancing and music as well as an interesting story line to the show, make this my favorite show in the city. I always recommend friends and visitors to see Le Reve!
5	This is by far THE best show I have ever seen in my life! There is so much going on in all directions of the stage, you don't know where to look at! The performers appear from under water , the ceiling, the stairways, etc. Lighting is beautiful and all the stunts and performances really do make you feel like you are dreaming... It is a pricey show but after you go see it, you will understand why. I've seen this show once and I already want to go see it again. If I could give it more stars I would! MUST SEE SHOW!
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #148 - #365When I first saw Le Reve - The Dream back in 2007,  it was one of the best shows I've seen with Mama Mia being the second. I recently when back to watch Le Reve with my friend Ian and heard that Steve Wynn made a few changes here and there. Since he bought the rights to Le Reve, he has gone into a tweaking frenzy with Le Reve. He also likes to make frequent changes to his resorts Wynn and Encore.But anyways, the best seats are in the middle of the venue with the cheap seats being in the splash zone and the VIP seats located in the top features a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and a screen showing the back stage of the show. This show is amazing and a sight to see if you're into the Cirque type of shows with the acrobats and story telling. I noticed throughout the show, they have way more dancing the before and less action. The entire set is designed like no other stage in Vegas with mostly water all around you. So get ready to watch a show full of chiseled abs, synchronized swimmers, lots of dancing, the tree scene and water raining down from the ceiling. I prefer Le Reve when it first started and now it's just dancing!
4	This was my second Cirque Du Soleil show and kind of already had an idea of how I expected it to be. Let me tell you, it was not how I expected.This show had a lot more dancing, choreography and dramatic theatrics than I expected. From the very beginning, the show was intense in terms of the dancing and music. There are definitely less acrobatics than O, and since this show has a storyline, it centers around the story/dramatics more than flips and gymnastics stunts. It's not to say that there are none, but less frequent and less intense aerobic stunts than O.This story is about love, fear, good, bad, and inner conflict. There were some acts that were very clear in their theme, and some that were not. Overall, the story was a little hard to follow but you get the gist of it at the end. I think the creators just wanted to include as many relevant themes as possible in a 1.5 hour show. I really enjoyed the magic and live doves used in this show. So unexpected and mind blowing!The seating in this theater is arranged in a circle with the stage in the center, so really any seat you get will be a good seat. Be aware though, that the first couple of rows in the front will get splashed slightly when the performers get lifted into the air and/or flip their wet hair around. All in all, I liked this show but I don't think it's 'the best' Cirque Du Soleil show in Vegas.
5	Amazing choreography, costumes, etc - just plain impressive too. The stage/pool is in the round and the seating is very vertical so I can't imagine there's a bad seat in the house. Great for my 9-year-old kid, who proclaimed it the Best. Show. Ever. (And this is a kid who got her classmates to practice Wicked for 5 months on the playground, because she was so obsessed - hope she doesn't try to duplicate this stuff!)I saw "O" at the Bellagio about 12 years ago, so a direct comparison is tough, but I'd say this is pretty close if not better.
5	the best show i have ever seen. (i have seen pretty much everything)
3	This performance was on par I think to  Michael Jackson's Cirque show and much more artsy. I like the small venue and the Greek Theatre layout as well.
5	Disclaimer: I saw this show after a few drinks. I rate this 4.5 stars. Because of the few drinks I had, I was slightly sleepy so perhaps I wasn't as "observant" as I could have been, but this show was really great in every aspect. It was candy to the senses and I felt my sight was overstimulated during and after the show. I know this is a weird critique, but I felt that there was so many amazing things going on at such a fast pace, the viewer isn't able to soak and process all the amazing sights. There's so much happening at the same time, I felt that it often didn't have a central point at which your attention is asked to focus to. I believe the show should have a few slower patches of pace, maybe a bit more finesse in overall viewing. You can't really mention Le Reve without mentioning O at Bellagio, or at least drawing some comparisons. While I loved the theater at the Wynn and where Le Reve is (It's circular and very nice), I enjoyed both. I just felt O had more of a story perhaps, while Le Reve is more decadent.My favorite Cirque show will still have to be Ka, which I've seen 4 time throughout the years. Usually, everything Wynn and Encore is superb, and this show is no different. And while I'd consider this show superb and recommend it highly, it also didn't hit the spot like KA did for me. Perhaps it was the alcohol, but if I had the choice I would opt to see KA over Le Reve.
5	Le re've - the dream... A dream indeed.  My husband set up this incredible evening with VIP seats.  They have plush seats that are at the top of the circular stage.  Waitresses come by for drink and snack orders.  There is also a small video screen by your feet to watch behind the scenes before and during the show.  Very interesting! As for the show, performers are so talented! The visual display of lighting and water are amazing.  It's not a cirque show so not as many acrobatics but it's still enjoyment! Compared to the other water show in Vegas, I'd probably choose le re've.  In this beautiful theater, any seat is great.  We certainly enjoyed this amazing show!
2	One word BORING!!!! This can't be the best show in Vegas! I had more fun watching the Ringling Bros. Circus!! Seriously save your money on a better show!
4	The theatre is the main attraction in my opinion. I've seen the show twice and I would have to say that women seem to really like the show. I liked the diving performance the best out of everything that I witnessed but a few other things were impressive. The seating is great compared to most venues in town and overall it's hard to say that you would dislike the show overall. I sat in the VIP seats the first time and on the second row in the splash zone the second time. The VIP seats are great but the video screen that shows you what is going on under the water during the performance actually takes away from watching the show. Maybe that was just me but I wouldn't recommend it.  It's hard not to look at the screen while the show is going on. No bad seats in the theatre and I actually liked the splash zone seats more than VIP. This a great show to take your wife out in las vegas. They will like it.
5	This was the first show I had ever seen in Vegas and I would definitely go back! Fun story, great athleticism, amazing. Go see this show!
4	What can I say, I really enjoyed this show. It was very impressive. Wasn't too sure what to expect since it is not  affiliated with "Cirque du Soleil" and that is the brand everybody has heard of. This show has it all: beautiful set, incredible performers, and all the music was performed live. Some of the acrobatics in this show are beyond belief. I also love the fact that it is water based and there is a lot of diving and such. There was one point where somebody dropped all the way from the top of the auditorium into the pool below, had to be at least 100 ft, awesome! I liked how diverse the show was. Water is featured but there lots of suspended mid air acrobatics, dancing and even a good use of magic/illusions. The lighting effects in the theatre really added to the experience. The theater is really nice and I don't think their is a bad seat in the house. I am glad I was sitting in a mid level row. I don't think my neck would be happy sitting in the front row and having to look straight up into the air for half the show.The wife and I had this show comped as part of our stay at The Wynn.  I saw the prices though and I believe they are probably a lil higher than what we have paid at other shows on the strip.Le Reve is very entertaining so check it out next time you are in Vegas.
5	Amazing show, wow!! The water adds a new dimension to all the special effects, been to cirque du soleil tons of times and this kept me on the edge of the seat the entire time!!
4	It was an amazing show. The only problem was that due to technical issues during the show; the fire part was omitted but I still enjoyed the show.
5	This is a truly amazing production in a city full of great shows. My husband and I are huge Cirque fans but I place this above those great shows (he doesnt). I like the faster pacing, the spectacular theatre and lighting and the simpler story.If I had another night in Vegas, I would go again. There are no bad seats but I would try for higher rows as you will be better able to ppreciate the aquatic artistry
4	An awe-inspiring display of skill and artistry by an army of incredibly talented athletes and performers... Exceptionally well done, and especially impressive if you haven't seen similar shows before.  I've seen Le Reve twice and enjoyed both times tremendously.  It is not an actual Cirque du Soleil production but worth every penny regardless.  If you're going to watch just one big show in Vegas, make it this one. I'm giving it 4 starts instead of 5 only because the theater seats could be more comfortable - there's very little leg room.  I understand the tight setup makes for a more intimate atmosphere but if you're on the taller side beware!   And yes avoid the splash zone front rows - you will get wet and it's not the ideal view anyway.   But overall thumbs up.
5	This is absolutely the best show I've ever seen! I took a special someone with me and we had very good seats. The water show is truly amazing and I loved every bit of the show. We didnt really get wet. Overall,  the Price I paid was worth every penny...I will definitely take my parents here to watch Le Reve....
4	This show was pretty amazing, a fast paced visual spectacular. The diving & acrobatics are phenomenal. I happened to like Ka better because there was more of a "story" that draws you in & the movement of the stage in Ka & the way the performers used the stage was unlike anything I have ever seen--breathtaking & fun. I kind of didn't "get" Le Reve. Not a compelling story with any kind of logical development. The first hour seemed like pretty much the same diving and acrobatics, just with different props & costumes & some magic tricks. The last 20-25 minutes was more varied & interesting--much more enjoyable to me. It's a must see in Vegas, but while I would see Ka again in a heartbeat, I wouldn't be excited to see Le Reve a second time. All seats are good seats in the theater. But I can't comment on the splash zone.
5	My boyfriend and I had the best time. We had the top seats and loved the show.  It's breath taking. We paid $180 and was well worth it. Their popcorn is delicious as well.
5	There are only three shows in Vegas I'll pay to see, and this is at the top of the list.  Every seat is great and the show is beyond anything Cirque could ever dream of being.
5	"Le Reve" as of now is the best show I have seen so far in Vegas.Just stunning, and amazing. Great music great performance, one of most enjoyable water theme show on the strip of Vegas. The hour and half show just flew by that's how much I really enjoy it. The venue set up was beautiful, so every sit in the house is actually a great sit. I would definitely watch again. Well worth it!!!
5	I saw Le Reve a while ago when I got my free tickets from another web site.  Having seen all cirque shows, by far this and Love were my favorites but I think this show is #1.  The theater in the round was georgous..wonderful, comfy seats.  The sets/stages were the most spectacular that I have ever seen.  Performers first rate.  To this day I still talk about the spectacular experience. Definitely something to see.
5	An awesome blend of athleticism, beauty and danger set in a fantastical world that stimulates your senses visually, musically and in touch.  Not sure how it compares to Cirque de Solel, as I have not seen one before, but the show was definitely worth the price of the tickets.  Skip the VIP seats and go for a section in the middle rows.  You will definitely get wet in the "splash zone".  I also recommend getting pairing your tickets with the optional Wynn's buffet dinner, called "The Buffet", for an additional fifteen dollars per person.
5	Le Re've is probably my favorite show in Vegas. The view is good no matter where you sit, and the whole show is breathtakingly beautiful.There is a circular stage in the middle immersed in water, and the audience sits around the stage. The performers enter and exit from the water and the ceiling, and the moves the pull off are simply amazing!Biggest props are definitely to whoever choreographed/designed the show. They definitely went all out with their imagination but were still able to create it in real life.This show is definitely on the pricier side, but, as cliche as it sounds, it's worth every penny.
3	Le Reve is a show with great acrobatics, impressive synchronized swimming and dancers with flair.  However; the story is weak and the music mostly uninspiring.  I almost preferred the parts that did not revolve around the main female character.  It was hard to follow the lovely couple dancing to the sudden change of rock music with demons....then random screaming and angels flying or dropping with high dives.  There were also sudden scenes with disco music and tables in the sky. If the theme was love is risky or everyone has to deal with temptations then I guess I kinda get it. Luckily, these tickets were comp'd...I was definitely entertained and the dancers were truly talented, but the story was downright laughable at times.  There was a dancing tantrum in the water and a silly bed scene. The high point was the ending which was actually visually awe-inspiring!  If I paid for this I likely would have been very disappointed, but all in all it was a good show.  The theater is strikingly beautiful and as many have said there are no bad seats!
5	A very unique show that must be watched! Amazing performance and staging effects!! We got the cheapest seats which were in the front, second row.. Best seats to be honest.. Got a couple drops but no big deal. The front got a little more splashed.. Hehe. Good seats anywhere really but why pay more than you have to, ay! Music and lighting really complimented the performance which was throughout the entire show. There was a storyline to the show but I couldn't pick it up. The shows duration was just enough but there were a few sections where ti was a bit long and repetitive but still glad to have experience thus spectacular show! Bonus thing was that non flash photos are permitted!! So don't forget your GoPros :)
5	I thought this show was another Cirque production ... see one, see them all. However, a friend said I really should see it cause it will be more than I expected. True! Thoroughly enjoyed it. I let the ticket reservationist chose the seats for me. She did good. Performers went up and down the stairs near the aisle seat. There was activity near the seat. The whole production was colorful, beautiful and fantastic.
4	I have watched some of Cirque du Soleil shows at Vegas. But Le Reve - The dream is slight different form others.  The show performs at Wynn Theater, every seat is a good seat coz seated around the stage.It goes with acrobatics on water, dance, magic all in one!  It's fantastic show and I got captivated from the beginning and few scenes so romance.If I never see any other Cirque du Soleil shows, it's the best show at Vegas!
2	I hate to give this beautiful show 2 stars, but I felt that it was very unorganized. There were barely any acrobatics, and the flow of the show made no sense. After having been to at least 5+ Cirque du Soleil shows, I thought that this one was extremely sub-par (it's not a Cirque show).The music and fog are great, but there is a significant lack of theme, acrobatics, and special effects. The view from most seats are great, unlike Cirque shows, but there just isn't much to see. The romance theme didn't make any sense, as it jumped from the couple to groups of people, then back to the woman with the rose. If you have limited time in Vegas to see a show, you can pass on this and won't regret it.
5	We loved it.... It's one of the best cirque solei... There is no bad sit :)) very impressed
5	Me and my wife really enjoy cirque... this was a great show and in our mind is a close tie with "O" for best cirque style show in vegas! I can already tell we'll be seeing it again in the future!
4	I have not idea what the heck it was about, but whatever they were doing was pretty wonderful. I probably would not go again, because I didn't care for the music. The performers were amazing though.
4	Beautiful show.  Pretty expensive but very ambitious in its production.  Do yourself a favor and have a good friend who lives in Vegas buy the tickets for you.  We were so fortunate that our family friend bought these tickets for us because we ended up saving $300.00 for 6 people.  A little tip...if you don't have friends in Vegas, it's ok to buy the cheap seats, because every seat is fantastic.  The performers are interactive with the audience and all in all, without giving too much away, you get a 360 degree view.Be considerate, do come early enough to be seated before the show.  I noticed that just because you're in Vegas and people adapt this Vegas attitude of 'anything goes', it doesn't mean that it's ok to come to a show late, halfway, or lit.Luckily, our section was fine but you can't help notice the other audience members who were unlucky enough to be seated next to those people.Also, please stop taking flash photography, I'm sure you hate being blinded by a flash of light so be considerate of the performers.  Good for all ages unless you have people in your party that are afraid of fire and birds.Don't expect a storyline when watching this show, this is solid athleticism, acrobatics, dance, and strength.  Good gift for people who never watched the show,my parents loved it.
5	BRAVO!  I was so impressed by this show. First of all when you walk into the Wynn you feel like a million bucks and this venue is no different.  The music, the lighting, the water, and the stunts were amazing!  I am definitely going back to Le Reve the next time I go to Vegas.  I like how the seating is round so practically every seat is a great seat.  If you sit too close in the "Splash Zone" you will get wet.
4	Sat/4 Oct saw the show with a coupla friends:- With the local's discount it ended being total $123.75/tix with fees & taxes in the "Premium" section, which is the majority of the seating.  The base price (before taxes/fees) with the local's discount was $115.50/tix.- We were in the theater at 6:10 pm, but there was no pre-show performers so nothing going on until 7 pm.  (Ka and Zumanity had pre-shows).- Local's discount used to be $50/tix off, now it was only $31/tix off.- Show itself was good, and my friends also enjoyed it.- My personal preferences based on value (tix prices vs show quality): 1) Ka, 2) Mystere, 3) Nathan Burton's Comedy Magic (it was only about $16/tix), 4) Le Reve, 5) Zumanity, 6) Jubilee (I think tix were about $60/ea with the 50% local's discount).- Eventually I'll see the other shows on my hit list: Absinthe, O, Cirque's Michael Jackson.
5	Such an amazing show! The further back you sit, the better as you can get a complete view of the room. If I would have known, I'd splurge and sit in VIP. Complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries? Yes please! I say a couple of rows in front of VIP and had an aisle seat (best seats according to the concierge selling the tickets. She was correct.) There are a lot of things going on all at once. Performers are being dropped from the ceilings, dancers are coming down from the stair case in the aisle and of course there are performers already in the water. This is a must see show if you're visiting Las Vegas. You receive a discount from the hotel of 15-20 if you're staying at the Wynn or Encore.
4	4 1/2 stars. This is rated one of the top Cirque Du Soleil themed shows in Las Vegas but compared to many others I've seen - I was pleased but not over the top thrilled. Don't get me wrong, I  enjoyed the music, theater stage and performance of all the actors, actresses  and acrobats but found the show to be short in duration compared to the other Cirque shows and comparable O show. I recall there actually was actually intermission halfway thru the entire show but this is no longer the case.Unique show entertainment and definitely worth seeing at least once.
1	The show may have been good. I do not know because they allow photography. If you look at some of the other reviews - they have attached pictures taken during the show. This lead to abuse. At one point there were six people in the rows in front of me holding up their cameras and taking pictures - plus one person using their I-Pad to film.They allow pictures - people abuse the policy - and they do not have enough staff to enforce the policy. When I spoke to the head of the box office, I was told this policy was not liked by the working staff and that their marketing department started it years ago so they would get free advertisement on the internet. This show cost to much for this - go and see a different show that does not allow this.
3	It's a nice theatrical performance. however I went in there with high expectation after seeing the "O" since two are rated as smilar on Las Vegas' strip.. It was far from the "wow" for both me and my husband. Just ok, deffinitely felt like wot worse $350 for tickets we paid for 2 people...On the plus side: theatrical effects, costumes, round stage that really gives you a good view nomatter where you ebd up sitting.Down side: Not enough (at all!!!) arcobatic tricks that normally take your breath away in other cirque du soleil shows..There were so many things happening on the stage at once that it was hard to focus attention on one particular thing and admire performer's talent. To conclude- if you are like us and prefer acrobatics rather than theatrics and debating between the "O" and "Le Reve", "O" is your answer.
5	I was dragged to this show by my girlfriend, but I must say that I really enjoyed the show.  I would recommend this show to anyone.
5	Absolutely stunning!! I've seen some cirque shows before but this was unlike any other. It actually had s story and was truly breathe taking watch. This is my new favorite vegas show!
3	Ok... I was so excited to see this show. EVERYONE I know or met who has seen it absolutely RAVED about it. Did we see a different show???? I thought it was mediocre at best. Maybe I'm a snob from seeing too many great shows... I was bored. And yet overstimulated... How is that possible???Pros:1) there is a storyline (although transparent and one-dimensional)2) there are extremely gifted performers in this show3) the technology is impressive (although over-utilized and often has the opposite effect and takes away from the artfulness of the show).4) impressive costume and set imageryCONS:1) the 80s/90s hair band, heavy metal, electric guitar, screeching, ear-bleeding, nails on a chalkboard music! From start to finish was this horrible, distracting soundtrack!! Ugh. It was deafening and tasteless.2) the storyline. Oh. My. God. Thank you for having a story but writers: could you give people the benefit of the doubt and allow just a little bit of subtlety and room for interpretation??? Seriously the first words on the soundtrack are "Should I love him or should I not?" Come on... This just makes me feel like you don't trust the audience to have enough sense to translate the performance into the message OR you don't have the confidence in the performance to accurately convey the message. Either way, it's pretty simple to figure out without the need to be so obvious- this is not a complex story. It just makes me roll my eyes. The girl is weighing the pros and cons of giving in to a lover. Yup. Got it.3) The only mystery in this performance is why in the world is the name in French? I would like to know. Because literally nothing from the show is even distantly related to something French. The entire soundtrack is American metal music and English subtitling. The cirque aspects of the show are so far removed from traditional French origination. So I just don't understand. Maybe it's just me. It's a love story and that's decidedly Parisian? I just don't know. 4) So. Much. Technology. I feel like there is a complete lack of purity in this show. The performers can't showcase their talent because of all the set, lighting, sound distractions. It's just too much. I wanted to love this show but I just didn't. It was fine. It was an experience. And apparently I am the minority when it comes to my opinion of this show. So there is a good chance someone else would love it. But I've seen other shows that were magical, subtle, lovely, smart, deep... And this show was not any of those things. :/
5	Big brilliant memorable Las Vegas show without a bad seat in the house! Truly all equal in this theater.
5	One of the best shows that I've seen. I enjoyed the theater stage, music and perfomance of all. I loved the acrobatic on water, its unique. They allow to take picture, which is nice. Just remember to turn off the flash.I would go again! I really love this show.
5	So. Incredibly. Awesome. I watched the whole show with clasped hands against my face in awe. It had wondrous feats, displays of incredible strength, eye popping costumes and props, a bit of humor, magic and changing sets that make you wonder how they pulled it off. There's nothing that would have made this show any better. I had reservations because it was not a cirque du soleil show. It was better. No strange transitions and numbers that left you scratching your head. I would most definitely recommend to anyone wanting a bang for their buck.
5	This was the first "Vegas" show my husband and I have gone to...loved it! It was amazing!
4	I've gotta preface my review with the fact that I've seen quite a few Cirque shows over the years, so I wasn't exactly blown away by Le Reve, but with that being said I was captivated the entire show.First off, the theater is beautiful and set up so any seat has a great view.  We sat in the last row on the side "VIPs" sit (though we weren't in those seats), so we had a good view of everything.  I loved the "vibe" when you walked in... very romantic with deep colors and a mist in the air - nice touch.  This Cirque show is unique and I loved the water.  It was mesmerizing watching the performers go in and out of the water so easily and of course they were all very talented.  Compared with other Cirque shows this story was quite easy to understand and the theme went well with water.  Honestly I am always amazed at the crazy things some of these talented individuals can do, simply amazing.I highly recommend Le Reve.  We got tickets as part of a package with the Wynn, but if I was in the market for seeing a Cirque de Soleil show I would definably pay to see this Le Reve.
4	I've seen two Cirque shows this year - O (commonly compared to Le Reve) and Mystere, both directed by the same director as Le Reve, Franco Dragone, and I'd say this is equally good but different.O and Mystere are both more cohesive in terms of theme, costumes, and atmosphere. The costumes and magic tricks (complete with doves) feel kind of retro or like elements lifted out of older Vegas shows, and the music and atmosphere seems to switch between edgy and Cirque du Soleil surreal. There's supposed to be a story but it's nearly impossible to follow, at least for me, and some of it seemed a bit absurd, like the devil and angel characters and the guy with the magic scepter. Cirque du Soleil shows also have a greater variety of and more impressive acrobatics - I felt that a lot of Le Reve was mostly the performers diving and flipping into the pool below at different heights.But what makes Le Reve unique and worth seeing is really the visuals created by the performers, props, and effects. I came to see it because of the pictures and videos I've seen online that I felt I had to experience in person - the tiered stage, the tree, etc. The design of the theater makes the whole experience feel very arresting and immersive and certain parts of the show definitely have a dreamlike quality.Overall, I recommend it. But better than Cirque shows like O and Mystere? Not really. Just good in its own way.
2	Quite amazing..prepare to be shocked and awed. ..The show is amazing. .completely amazing...Two stars. .the entry process and drinks..sucks..feels like a 3rd world country. .Slow. .very slow..real slow..takes away any feeling of anticipation. ..The lobby is ooor..built and decorated as an old movie theaterThe lines are long. Very very long..The time to get drinks is so freaking stupid...The staff is nice..but poorly managed...The process is rediculous. ....Sooo.. see the show and tolerate the process..P.s. if you kioe shoes. .women shoes. .do not look up..amazing shoe show with all the vegas visitors
5	My boyfriend surprised me with tickets to this show for our anniversary. We've already seen all the Cirque shows so we needed something new. In all honestly, I think this might be one of my favorite shows I've ever seen. I think it's better than the comparable Cirque de Soleil "O".  The placement and stage usage really is incredible. We were seated in section F three rows back and I feel like we had the best view in the house---you could see everything up close as well as all of the aerial acts. My parents are coming to visit for Christmas and want to see O but their Christmas gift might just be two tickets to Le Reve instead. Great show and definitely worth the $!
5	Le Reve deserves more than 5 stars. This show is breathtaking. Everything about it was perfect: the stage, performers, costumes, music, decor, acrobats.... My friend recommended this show and it definitely met our expectations and more. I highly recommend this show. It was pricey, but it was worth every penny we spent.
5	Visually stunning, amazing and talented performers. Don't think there's a bad seat in the house.
5	Loved this show! This review is a bit late (we saw it about 6 months ago) but I was inspired to write one since we are looking to buy tickets for my parents-in-law to see it when they go to Vegas.I was completely captivated from start to finish - the dancing, water acts and air acts were all incredible, along with the set and features. I also really like that it is a round stage and a smaller audience - there isn't a single bad seat! (Unless you're up front and don't want to get wet).We also saw O a couple months after Le Reve, and I must say, I was a bit underwhelmed by O. Le Reve seemed to have a lot more action, many more impressive moves and had a storyline to follow - O seemed to be a lot more disjointed and I just wasn't as impressed by the acts. Le Reve was much more dramatic.Although I liked that Le Reve had a storyline, I wasn't overly taken in by the actual 'plot'. It didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, but I liked that it followed a storyline.I would absolutely recommend Le Reve to anyone, particularly over O.
3	It is the second time I've had the pleasure to see  this show and they updated and improved the act. Beautiful choreography with the fountain lights coinciding with a tune, it is a show mixed with the fountains similar to Bellagio . I enjoyed the story, comedy and magic!
4	Popped my Vegas show cherry with Le Reve...and it was one expensive cherry!We decided to try the VIP Experience that includes a bottle of Champagne, chocolate strawberries, chocolates and personal server.  I wondered if people were paid extra to say "Best Seat in the House" every time we showed our tickets.  The doors open about thirty minutes before the show starts.  I was a little surprised there wasn't a separate earlier VIP entrance.  Since it was my first Vegas show, I didn't really know what to expect.  My first impressions of the 360 stage was that it looked immersive and I don't really think there's a bad seat in the house.  Our seats were at the very top, and I wished that we were a little closer, but it allowed us to see everything.  Also, there were small TVs at the bottom of our feet that was supposed to give us a "backstage" peek of the show, but I never really saw anything really out of the ordinary.  It was a nice touch to have a bottle of champagne and chocolates waiting for us at our seats and really added to the whole experience.The show was about an hour and a half and there never was a dull moment.  I just wished that there was more of a narrative so that I could follow along.  One minute, it looks like the scene is taking place in the underworld and in the next taking place in the clouds.  Since it is called "The Dream," anything goes and is open to interpretation.Thoroughly enjoyed the show, and it won't be my last Vegas show.  For those debating whether or not to try the VIP experience, I say go for it!
5	Another good one. This another must see shows in Vegas. Got a give those acrobats a lot of credit. They are all good and incredible. Bravo
5	FROM BEGINNING to the VERY END... WOW WOW WOW. I thought that this show would just be something to watch, just to pass time and be entertained.NOPE. BLOWN AWAY, JAW DROPPING MOMENTS. This show, keeps you plugged in. Even if you came in, all jet lagged, you will NEVER fall asleep, or nod off for just a minute. The lights, the arts, the bodies, the water, the danger factor, the disbelief of how such feats could be accomplished... all twirled into this dark room. The human mind and body can do miraculous feats. The imagination can create such beauty, that can make the audience laugh, cry, be awed, and feel fear, all at once. It's like reading a book, but you're included. You see the words laid out in true form, and sometimes you feel the water sprinkle onto your skin, and immediately you've come that much closer to THE DREAM of the LE REVE.No pictures please, because these performers risk their lives to give us such a surprise. WATCH, and LITERALLY FEEEEEEEL THE DREAM, and be taken away from your troubles.
5	Amazing! The show was approx 1.5 hrs. I sat on the C row which is 2 away from splash zone. Cheaper tickets = closer to the stage area. They are good seats, however, I recommend those awesome champagne seats of anything mid-level. I felt like I looked up a lot, but I wasn't straining my neck or anything. I read someone's review about the dream being romantic to chaotic, that person is crazy, it's a DREAM, you're suppose to have ups and downs. It's a water show, cirque sole il and dancing! 1 ticket gets you all of that. Love It. All the performers are professional athletics!!! WOW factor.
4	After watching three different Cirque du Soleil shows, I think that Le Reve is a fairly decent show (but not the best in my opinion). Actually ... Le Reve is NOT a Cirque du Soleil show - Steve Wynn purchased the rights from Franco Dragone (the original creator who also produced "O" and Mystere) and Mr.Wynn's production team made few changes to the original Le Reve show.I got $20 off on Premium Zone tickets (rows C-K) for $114 (regular price $134 without tax and "internet web fee"). If you've already purchased your tickets and want to modify or change to a different showtime, then you can call the customer service hotline and they will be more than happy to make the change for you ... at a cost of $8.50 per ticket. I would leave your kids at home (or hotel ... or Circus Circus) ... lots of beautiful, romantic, touchy, and intimate scenes that some kids might not be able to understand. Treat this show as a PG-13 movie.Expect 30% water ballet, 30% high-dives (from about three to five stories tall, 15% aerial gymnastics + acrobatics, 15% ballroom dancing. 5% magic + comedy, and 5% water show similar to the Fountains of Bellagio (except this version was smaller, more colorful, and better).Everyone likes to compare Le Reve with Cirque de Soleil "O" because both are water shows. Personally, I still prefer "O" because "O" had more interesting and eye-catching moments. Overall a very solid water show, but Le Reve is definitely not on my top three must-watch shows.
5	I personally think this show is exceptional. If you've seen this show, you can skip on the rest of the shows in Vegas. Or perhaps, see this show last. This is not a Cirque du Soleil, although cirque du soleil is just as amazing. The performers of la reve are amazing. They perform stunts that are unbelievable. I questioned myself...how are they able to reDefine physics? These people must have balls made out of steel. Gravity had no effect on the performers. Would definitely see it again!
4	went on my birthday 12/09 and it was excellent. one of the best circ style shows we have seen. and weve been to at least 10 different ones thru the years both here in vegas and around the southwest in tents.
5	One of my favorite show in vegas. Stunning performance with awesome music. The show keeps you at the edge of your seat the whole time. Amazing acrobats and dancers. If you sit at the first row you might get splashed!Pictures are allowed as long as you don't use flash or video!
4	This is a beautiful show.  The lighting is spectacular and the acrobatics is amazing.  There is someone doing something every minute of the show.  The story is about a girl who wants to accept the love of her beloved, but her inner demons prevents her from doing so.  Throughout the entire show, you are inside her dreams while she deals with her inner turmoil in fantastical ways.  Or at least, that was my interpretation of it, my boyfriend thought she was fighting the demons of her beloved instead, so yeah, it was slightly confusing.The theater is set up in an intimate atmosphere, where everyone is close to the stage and near the water.  We were 1 row up from the "Splash Zone" and we could still feel little droplets of water and feel the humidity in the room.  Throughout the performance, there were performers coming in from various entrances of the theater and onto the stage.  It was amazing watching the main performer walk on the wet platform with high heels, to watch the many acrobats dive into the water from a height of 2-3 stories as well as see all the performers kick their legs up from underwater for minutes on end.  What was most inspiring was how they set up the mechanics of the stage.  It changes from solid ground to complete water, to a mixture of both and then even becomes a fountain.  The only reason that I would give this 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the fact that 4 scenes of the show lacked a focal point and didn't really add to the story.  There were many people on stage doing many different things simultaneously.  It looked great, but my eyes didn't know where to focus.  At the same time, there were other performers coming onto the stage from the theater area.  It was during these moments, in the dim lighting, that I almost nodded off.  If they can simplify these scenes and somehow create a stronger connection in the story line, this would be an even more amazing show.
4	I took my wife here while we were in Vegas for the weekend. I had been told that this show is by far the best in Vegas. Don't get me wrong, this show is GREAT but, O is still superior. The best part about the experience is the seating. NO ONE has a bad seat, NO ONE. The chairs are very comfortable and there is plenty of leg room I'm 6 2" and sometimes theaters can get a little cramped. If you are staying at the Wynn or you want to see some of the best shows in Vegas check this one out. If you can only see one show and you want to see the best show in Vegas, go watch O at the Bellagio.
4	Located in the Wynn. Well priced is this romance water show. One can find deals on Vegas.com, half priced show tickets, and you buy tickets at the box office. There are typically two shows on most nights. Seating show times are prompt. No late in which eliminates any distractions of people in your line of obstruction. Snacks are available for purchase.Seating is comfortable and there aren't any bad views as the theatre is round. We got the third row.The stage and actors move around the water stage which transforms through the story of romance. Short intermission keeps the stories and audience is engaged. Performers don't focus on any one side of the round arena.Good: Story, no bad seats, no interrupted views. Bad: Not open everyday. The good shows are usually closed some days of the week. I wouldn't mind watching it more than once.
5	My wife and I loved this show.  In our opinion, it was better than "O", actually it is probably our favorite show of the 12 we have seen.  It's a circle theater at the Wynn and appears that there isn't really a bad seat.  Some believe that the higher seats are actually better (as with most of the Cirque shows).  I don't like giving away too much to avoid spoiling but in a nutshell, a must see!
5	I've had my fair share of Cirque du Soleil performances and while this isn't one of them, I think out of all the ones I've seen this was the only one that I actually got to 'SEE'. The entire theater was built rather intimately, smaller than most I've been to, but that means all the viewers are closer to the performers and stage. With the way it's built like a coliseum as another Yelper has mentioned, there are no bad seats in the house. I actually got to see the entire performance, unlike most times at Cirque du Soliel shows I have to use binoculars to get a simple glimpse at the show. For the price of $136, it quite spectacular.The costumes all the performers donned on were beautiful and their makeup and props were also so meticulously put together. There were roaring flames, flying acrobats, water flying, feathers, and much much more. The show is about 90 minutes long and it was a great 90 minutes! Here's a great tip: Go to the restroom beforehand! Moving out of the seats is a pain in the ass.
3	Located in Wynn hotel.  since I stay at the Wynn this seem like a good option.  I hear a lot and read a lot of good review on this show.  But I guess if you go in with great expectation you will usually let down.  It wasn't as great as i though it would be.  it does have a short moment of wowing effect (some scene are beautiful)  but that's about it.  classic love romance theme. the performance platform is small, so you can see it clearly no matter where you sit.  the performance seem a bit short thus I feel it's definitely over priced.
5	awesome bday present from brett and amber... the show is absolutely amazing... i had chills most of the show!!! cant wait to see it again
5	Simply amazing. Definitely worth the money to see. There are no bad seats in the house... from the moment I walked in, I was awed by the set and I couldn't keep my eyes off the stage once the show started. It really does feel like you've escaped and wandered off into a dream.We sat in the third row and didn't get splashed by an ounce of water. First row had a few sprays though, hope they all brought extra clothes. If I were to see it again I would sit in the first few rows. There's no barrier between the audience and the stage, so you see all the performers up close and personal.
