5	Win or lose I always leave vegas happy.  A box of these vegan delights makes the trip back a little sweeter.  I really like the apple buritto and soy cream bismark.
4	The decor is nothing special, probably the coffee sort of sucks and the AC is not quite high enough, but who cares: if you are vegan and have been missing out of your sweet friend the doughnut this this the place to go. Lots to choose from; it was worth the $18 cab charge to-and-from the Strip for the $5 box of sweet little friends for my wife and I.
4	I am a hater. A Krispy Kreme hater. Oh yea....Once in a galaxy far far away. Lakewood, Ca my roommates and I would sit in the drive through just waiting for hours to get that hot creamy goodness to put in my mouth and melt....Now the novelty is gone. After gaining a double chin from the double boxes of glazed donuts.I found Ronald's after seeing it in the Las Vegas Review Journal as being one of the best donut shops in Vegas. Ok I thought Lamar's was....but they closed. The only other one I like is Bob's in Farmer's Market. Ronald's you walk into this quaint strip mall in the middle of the chinatown area of Spring Mountain. Didn't realize it was there but the sign wasn't too vibrant. There was no Neon saying WORLD'S BEST DONUTS!! But there was a lil store with a little old chinese lady..."How many?" Sooo many to choose from....and they have vegan? Wait...healthy donuts?  I wanted a dozen but my mouth mumbled...."just a few"I needed chocolate...plus I got this cinammon thingie....and some cake donuts. Yes this didn't taste like your ordinary donuts. It was more of magic donuts, that I didn't feel guilty eating.  Since then, when I'm in the neighborhood and I do have my sweet tooth acting up. I'll stop in for these fabulous snacks of goodness. Ok well so they don't last longer than a couple days till they get stale...like most nuts. My advice is to individually wrap them. Then nuke it for 15 sec in the microwave when you're ready to chow down!
5	Oh, Ronald's Doughnuts, I love you. I never thought I would taste another decadent vanilla cream-filled, chocolate-frosted doughnut after going vegan until I found you. I am so sad that my trips from Utah to California, lately, have been through northern Nevada and not southern Nevada. I am really having withdrawals thinking about you. Next time I am getting 5 dozen doughnuts instead of 3. I am such a glutton.
4	Yes, it's been written below (and more eloquently), but it bears repeating: Vegan Donuts ... in Las Vegas. Yep, you read that right. Just to confirm -- and let this sink in -- Vegan Donuts ... in Las Vegas.
4	If you are a donut fan you have to try Ronalds.  I think the review by Myke R. says it all...drink the KK haterade.
5	No offense to those that wrote other reviews, but Ronald's Vegan Donuts beat those in Portland from Voodoo, those in Seattle from Mighty-O's, and those in Berkeley, CA. These are the best VEGAN donuts anywhere. I won't even compare them to store bought ones. The fact that Voodoo Donut's in Portland can't even make a cream or jelly filled donut should tell you something about Ronald's!These are the real deal, Dunkin Donut fried style, not the cake-like vegan one's you're used to. I drove all the way from LA during my vacation just to go here...and let me tell you, 4 DOZEN later, it was SOOOO worth it! They best part is that they are incredibly cheap!
5	Definitely is an oasis in the desert. Not very many things in vegas are veg-friendly, so that makes Ronald's so much greater. I had stopped by there before I headed home with two dozen donuts in hand.. and an hour or two after I got home they were all gone.Delicious.
5	*sob* why did i have to go here last weekend?  i can't stop thinking about it since.   it took me 9 hours to fly to vegas from SF, including delays and flight cancellations, and i have to say ronald's was the best part of my trip.  even though i'd read other yelp reviews before arriving, when i got there, i thought i was in the wrong place.  it looks like a normal donut shop.  no mention of veganism, dairy free, egg free, etc.  but when i asked the owners they said THE ENTIRE TOP TWO ROWS of the display case were vegan donuts.  i had a hard time choosing but ended up with jelly filled, cream filled, glazed and sugar-coated.  all were incredible.  i spared tiny tiny bites to my non-vegan friends and they told me they could taste no difference.  of course not!  puffy sugary dough is delicious no matter if it's cruelty-free or not.  planning my next trip to vegas ASAP.
4	the best thing about ronald's is that you can tell that each donut was made individually and not on some conveyor belt a la krispy kreme. as for the donuts (vegan donuts?!), they are ridiculously good - not too sweet, not too dry but soft and chewy like a great donut should be.
4	A few years ago I was dying for a good donut...a true art form severely lacking in Las Vegas.  I am a transplant from back east so to me the Donut isn't just some supermarket purchase to shut up the rugrats.  When done right it could be a great eating experience.  I checked the local papers and read about Ronald's...and I was amazed and delighted with the results.  The donuts are crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.  I love these donuts and highly recommend them.P.s.  KRISPY KREME ARE NOT DONUTS!!!
4	Best apple fritter EVAR! 'Nuff said!
4	We enjoyed apple fritters which were light and delicious.
5	Let's get this out of the way....I am one of those pedantic vegans who like to question people inside out how vegan food really is.  Ronald's know what time it is.They keep all of their vegan donuts on the top shelves to stop non-vegan donut crumbs from falling onto them.  When I asked what products were vegan, they didn't bat an eyelid as they pointed out more vegan donuts than I'd seen in my life.The shop itself is too cute.  Located in a strip mall a short drive out of the main gambling area, it is usually full of locals ordering take out coffee.  This place opens super early, allowing greedy vegan chubbies like me to get 'em while they're hot!
4	Delicious!  I stuffed my face with both a coconut-vanilla cake and chocolate-chocolate cake.  Mmmm!  Breakfast of champions!
4	Eating in Vegas has convinced me of two things.#1) The health score / restaurant grade system must be extremely generous, because I can't imagine most of the 'A' rated places in Vegas passing with anything higher than a 'B' in LA -- and probably more likely, a 'C' grade. Unfortunately, I don't think Ronald's is exempt from this predicament.#2) Las Vegans are afraid of real Vegans. I base this not only on the fact that there's NOTHING for us to eat in the whole city (save Ronald's Donuts and Rainbow's End), but also on the fact that Ronald's doesn't advertise the fact that most of their donuts are in fact vegan. I think they're genuinely afraid if they advertised their donuts as "vegan," they'd lose business because people on the SAD would be too doggone afraid to try them! So they don't tell anyone that their donuts are vegan unless you ask directly. And when you DO ask directly, the sweet lady behind the counter (bless her heart) actually seems to look both ways to make sure that other customers won't overhear her. Sad but true... If only people would smarten up and check their insecurities at the door.Regardless, I was thrilled to have some yummy animal-friendly donuts during my stay. It's a little beacon of light for tourists and locals who want something tasty and vegan. Many thanks to the kind folks at Ronald's.
5	Ronald's Vegan Donuts are practically the only advertised vegan food in Las Vegas. Needless to say we were hungry until we bought a variety box of vegan donuts for CHEAP which became our breakfast for the entire week. I don't even like donuts but those were very tasty.All vegans visiting Las Vegas should go buy a box. Do it or you'll go hungry! :)
5	This was my second trip to Ronald's.  My first trip a couple of years back was somewhat foiled by a group of tattooed vegan types who were on the way back to Utah or some damn place and bought up a lot of the selection.  I was stuck with a jelly-filled donut which I recall being pretty good.This time though, we got there reasonably early (10:00?) on a Sunday and were treated to a vast selection.   We got a Boston cream, an apple burrito, a plain glazed and a lemon-filled I think.  They were all quite good, but the Boston cream and apple burrito stood out for me.  You would never know the cream was made from soy, it tasted just like it's dairy counterpart.  And the apple burrito tasted to me just like an old style McDonald's apple pie.  You know, the fried kind.  (I feel kind of weird mentioning McDonald's while reviewing vegan donuts, but so be it...)On top of the donutty goodness, the owners are really helpful and nice.  So go support Ronald's Donuts whether you are vegan or not (I dare you to be able to tell the difference anyway.)
4	Ronald's donuts are good because they're fresh and the vegan ones don't have the nasty chemical after taste that donuts often have.  I think Ronald's are definitely better than most competing donuts but don't expect to be amazed.  These are basicly good donuts but nothing to write home about.  I particularly like their lemon jelly-filled donuts.  However, any donut at Ronald's would satisfy a donut craving.
4	Wow, I guess this is the first homemade donut I've ever had? The cruller I had was light & airy but had an actual taste to it. Not just sugar and dough. This is a place that gives Vegas a hometown pulse. The owners seem very nice. The location itself is kind of easy to miss. It's an older strip mall and parking is weird. Just sort of be careful getting in and getting out of the place. Look for the big white best of banner out front. *IT'S CASH ONLY!!!
5	this place is freakishly good. i almost wonder if they have some kind of magic machine that makes the donuts because they come out so perfect and the same everytime.. not overly greasy or sweet.. just perfect!!!
5	vegan doughnuts OMG = heaven. went to ronalds, served by Ronald himself. he gave us a bunch of free doughnuts but bought 2 dozen others!!! (some for my fellow vegans)...they were so yummy, would never be able to tell the difference... we munched on them on the way home from vegas!! VIVA VEGAN VEGAS.
5	Whenever i forget to have breakfast and i am with in a 5 mile radius i typically hit this place up. I have been there and seen people come in from all over the country to eat there vegan donuts. i have bought dozens for people and tell them later then where vegan, i can't recall what a "Normal" donut might taste like but i am sure they are no different as everyone loves them. They have won best donut's in Vegas numbers of times. Do yourself a favor and if you have not had there donuts try them.Note. This place is a bit "Ghetto" and is located in the heart of China Town.
4	We enjoyed the best ever apple fritters plus a crown donut and buttermild donut.  Ronald's is vegan friendly.
4	I came here with my nursing buds after MSG intoxication at Pho Saigon 8 and Milk Green Tea from Tea Planet, since Theresa B. wanted to try this place before we left Vegas. I couldn't tell the difference between the vegan donuts and regular donuts. I had their glazed vegan donut, and it tasted just like the good ol' mom and pop donuts you would get at those small donut shops. It was definitely good though....yum...Don't forget to bring cash here, as it is cash only!
4	Yes! I can finally cross this off my To-Visit list! We came at 2pm but seriously, who gets donuts in the middle of the afternoon!?!?!  Anyway, I had the vegan glazed donut with the chocolate icing! Wow...it didn't taste any different than Winchell's!! I was expecting some sugary donut...but it was actually ok.  But then again, I ate only ate half and saved the other half for later!How do they even make these?!?!
5	Its all been said, but its worth saying again.Vegan donuts, in Vegas no less.They taste like regular Donuts, and for those of you that are not, or have never been Vegan, you cannot understand the rarity and splendor of this gift.Of course, that means that I eat at least 5 donuts when I go here, and proceed to feel like garbage for a few hours afterward.Its also sad that they sometimes run out of the crown jewel, the cream-filled donuts.  Is it really Vegan?  If not, keep lying to me Ronald.
4	A LITTLE DONUT SHOP IN A CHINATOWN STRIP MALL. THIS PLACE HAS like 20 different donuts to choose from, they sell cigarettes and accept CASH only. The hype is they are vegan donuts, I don't see any mention or posting of vegan donuts at the place but they seem to taste just the same. The donuts are bigger than krispy kreme & dunkin and a little cheaper like 75 cents each but they dont have a very creative a vast selection.
5	There's nothing to say that hasn't been said...I'd drive to Vegas simply for these donuts.
4	Are you kidding me-1 dozen donut holes for $1!!! Who says you can't get anything for a buck.Everyone has pretty much nailed it with the donuts & the pics tell the rest. Good stuff.
4	We did a search for vegan restaurants in Vegas...since my cousin is trying this vegan diet thing...and Ronald's Donuts popped up.  Never heard of vegan-friendly donuts before, so I had to see, smell, and taste it for myself.  I was skeptical about how these donuts would taste, since they don't use dairy products or eggs to make em, and I'm guessing they use soy products?  I'm glad I was open-minded and supportive of my cousin's life-style change, because this place became one of the best donut shops I've gone to.  Donuts here are actually better than most places that use dairy products.  They're light and fluffy.  Maybe it's all in my mind...but I felt like I was eating healthy with these donuts.  My favorites are the chocolate frosted, glazed, and the large apple fritters.  The dozen donut holes for $1.00 were excellent also.It's cash only here.  They provide your usual donut shop goods...like coffee, milk, and cigarettes?  We were bummed that they didn't have soy milk and crullers available during the weekend...I'll have to wait till the weekdays for them crullers.  After a trip to Ronald's, I realized that eating healthy and vegan-conscious isn't a bad thing after all.  Will I transform?.....only if I always eat at Ronald's Donuts!
4	Vegan donuts; what is this about?... These donuts pass for grade A, top choice donuts. You can't even tell they are "vegan". One of the best donuts I've ever had. and the prices are reasonable ($.75/donut and $.85 for the bigger donuts) Glazed donuts were fresh, airy and mmmm just so good. The others we tried were the chocolate donut, bear claw, and the donut holes. Now, I don't want to leave out the apple burrito. We just had to try that, and let me just say that it was "off the hook" good!!! Remember McDonalds back in the day when they fried their apple pies? There you go! I am definitely going back to Ronalds Donuts when I go back to Vegas.
5	These donuts were delish.  I started with the donut holes which were light and airy.  Vegan?  Who can tell.  The kicker were were the apple filled "cannolis"  I don't know what they're called but they apple filling was wrapped by this pastry which is adorned with sugar and cinnamon.  Someone called it an apple Burrito.  That'll work.  In any case, this was excellent.  Service was great as the owners were very sweet and helpful.  The place is non descript in a strip mall but well worth the trip.
5	yep.  still the best!!!  vegas is well...vegas but with donuts from Ronald's vegas is VEGAS!!!!!! in capitals.
5	This hole in the wall offers some of the best doughnuts I have ever tasted. Deep in the heart of Chinatown, this place can be easily missed. The atmosphere is really crumby; I bet most of their business is takeout anyway though. Their doughnuts totally make up for anything this place is lacking. We bought quite a few doughnuts and the lady even gave us a couple in a bag for the ride home. They were great. The apple fritter was my favorite!
5	The vegan donuts were worth the $20 round trip cab ride from our hotel. We ordered a dozen - all different varieties - for about $13 bucks. They had that same glazed, sugary, fluffy texture as those chain store donuts that I use to enjoy before becoming a vegan over 15 years ago. We couldn't eat them all, so we packed them up in a Krispy Kreme box and took them on the plane as carry on luggage.
4	Donut lovers rejoice! These have to be the best donuts I've ever tasted! I wouldn't even notice that these were vegan in the first place because they taste that good. Located in a corner of Chinatown, a lone small white brick , square building that (resembles closely that of White Castle's infrastructure) lays. Korean owners are very nice and the atmosphere very calm and quiet. I've been here 2 times and every time we'd got a dozen for $10 bucks.All their selections  taste freakin'  good. Especially the apple fritters and the sugar glazed ones. Best eaten with a glass of chocolate milk.Hands down best donuts I've eaten.EDIT: They aren't the best, but they get the job done.
5	This is not an attack on any one person, but normally I could care less what a vegan or vegetarian tells me about food.  If God didn't want us to eat animals, he wouldn't have made them out of meat.  But most of the donuts at Ronald's are vegan and are delicious.  I've tried most of the donuts available and everyone of them is just as good or better than most other donuts I've tried.  You can't go wrong trying Ronald's donuts.
5	Oh my god, NOWHERE else can you get vegan donuts like this. I had to stop in on my way to California on a road trip. Brought several to some nonvegan friends in Cali and we all stopped the world and melted for some Ronald's.Over a week's time (ok make that 3 days'), I tried all the vegan flavors -- there were probably 12ish? 15? -- and loved them all. Beyond the glory of the regular glazed one and maple glaze-- best of the best is the apple fritter. Not very apple-y, just a delectable cinnamony lumpy fried (multiple crispy edges) pile of perfection. Owners were ultra nice. I think they gave me a discount on the already inexpensive price, maybe because I was groovin' out so hard over even looking at the selection of vegan delights. As much as I tend to dislike Vegas, I will certainly be stopping through again, and my nonvegan friends decided they should maybe take a trip just for Ronald's Donuts. Yes, THAT good.
5	If you are vegan, you must go to Ronald's Donuts.  Amazing, delicious, and inexpensive.  Love you Ronald!
5	I Yelped vegan food for my trip from San Diego to Las Vegas and came across Ronalds. OMG a vegan donut place that's amazing. My husband and I waited until our last day to check it out . We pick up a half dozen. The girl at the counter told us half the case was vegan. They were beautiful  Donut holes, maple bars, glazed, apple turnovers, all the great classics any donut shop would have. I loved every minute of them they were so delicious. It's only a few minutes from the strip and well worth the drive.
5	Delicious!  Best donuts in Vegas, definitely! Even though the place is completely run down, I could care less, the donuts are the best!
5	I don't know if it was the fact that I had not had a donut in sooooo long... or the fact that I was thinking vegan would equal not quite as good, but whatever the reason these were DELICIOUS! Only negative I have is they were out of donut holes when I got there, but it was less than an hour before they closed so I guess that was my bad but I would have loved to try them... everything else we got was awesome though! I went here because of the reviews here on yelp and I'm glad I did we bought a dozen and had them for breakfast and dessert for about three days so that was sweet and they still tasted just as good. This is in a semi-seedy strip mall, but just go there and pick yourself up some donuts and you won't regret it! I agree with the previous poster who said for regular donuts these would be just good, but for vegan they are AMAZING! I also had the non-vegan sprinkle ones and they were awesome as well so I was not disappointed... thanks yelpers!
5	hey ronald! open up a shop in san diego!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	HEADS UP: Cash only!!I'm going to second what Andy C said .... CASES filled with vegan donutsAgain, I'm not vegan but my daughter is... and as I started to t ype my next line I see that Andy C also said the same thing - there's no reason all donuts couldn't be vegan. These are really very good.I wish I'd got a cake donut too, because they're my 2nd favorite, but I got the maple bar. ... ... mmm mmm good. We also got an apple fritter, an apple turnover, an apple burrito, a plain glazed and lemon filled.Can't imagine anything being bad.
5	I don't get to eat donuts often, and i don't really want to, but when i am visiting vegas it is so great to have this treat of a place.  soooooo many different vegan donuts.  the creme filled was the best, the cinnamon rolls were soooooooo good too!  the people working were so nice.  i'm not even sure if most of the people there realized they were eating vegan donuts, it just seems like a regular donut shop till you ask.
4	a roundtrip cab ride will cost you more than a dozen donuts from here.  however, if you are a vegan (which i'm not), then the taste of these vegan donuts would be worth the cab fare.  i tried a bite, and they do not taste vegan at all!  the couple working here is super sweet, too.
5	Round trip cab fare from Treasure Island hotel to Ronald's Donuts = $15.One dozen mixed vegan donuts = $10.Look on my friends face when I told them that the delicious donut they just stuffed in their mouth was vegan = Priceless.Yeah, it cost me more to get there than the donuts themselves but I just had to try Ronald's while in Vegas. I've had vegan donuts in Oakland but they are the cake kind and not the fried kind. Ronald's donuts taste just like your regular donuts but without the use of any animal products. I'm sure the vegan donuts are not exactly healthy, but eating vegan things makes me feel better about eating junk food. I don't know why more donuts aren't made vegan. If the taste doesn't suffer, what stops all donuts from being vegan? The owners of Ronald's (who were super nice by the way -- when I told the lady that I took a cab all the way from the strip, she said "Thank you, I appreciate it!") would make a killing if they opened up a shop in the Bay Area. I want to steal their recipe and open up my own vegan donut shop. That's my new goal in life. Don't judge me.
5	Absolutely delicious!!!  I'm still not sure how these are vegan, I didn't really see anything on the menu stating they were vegan, but whateves.  They just melt in your mouth.  Perfect.  Next time we are in vegas we will for sure visit Ronald!
5	OMG AMAZING VEGAN DONUTS!These donuts tasted like non-Vegan donuts! My friend had to try these when we were in Vegas. The one thing I want to say is that I wish I could eat more than one donut at a time [I have a problem eating sweets in large quantities]!!! The owner was incredibly nice and although the place seemed older, it felt very welcoming and/or comfortable. We even met some "regulars" who were sitting in the dining area - they were the nicest people ever! If you're in Vegas, it's seriously a few miles off of the strip and is well worth the little drive!
4	vegan donuts!!my vegan boyfriend comes to vegas for two things - dunkin donuts and ronald's.  whenever we drive to vegas, our first stop is to get these donuts.  i'm not vegan, and i still love these donuts.  these are as good as any donuts store you drive by on the street.  i don't know how they do it, they are so good and don't taste vegan at all.my favorite is the apple fritter and the sugar coated.  the cream filled donut also seems to be a big hit.we went on a saturday around noon and there were a ton of vegan donuts to choose from.  but when we went on sunday around the same time, they were almost cleared out.  i guess they do a lot of their business early morning, so if you want your donuts get there early!!oh and it's cash only.  so bring your dolla bills.
5	Simply a perfect execution of what a vegan donut shop should be. CheapTastyNot pretentious The fritters are the best, although I haven't tries them all. On our way out the delightful owner packed us up an extra 6 donut holes in a very kind (and calorie filled) gesture!
3	I might have expected too much, but price is good for donuts.  It's a healthy version donut that is not overly sweet or greasy.  If I could I will give 3.5 star for the fluffiness and healthiness.
4	I discovered this oasis in the desert through a friend and make it a point to stop whenever i'm in Vegas. Super tasty and not overpriced. For some reason, a vegan donut shop is difficult to find in Southern California. I thought about having a dozen shipped every month, but it's more fun to experience their delicious donuts in person.
4	I'm not sure how a place so close to Chinatown can be Vegan....especially without any signs on/in the store that would tell you otherwise.  That being said, the doughnuts were pretty good.
5	AWESOME! The donuts were delicious (never would've guessed they were vegan!), and the service was outstanding. I got there 5 minutes after they closed, but they opened up for me anyway to let me get my treats. Even if the doughnuts weren't good (which they ARE) I would go there anyway b/c they're so nice.
5	It's hard to believe you can barely find tofu in Las Vegas, yet there is a whole selection of vegan donuts to be had at Ronald's. The day I went all but one of the choices in the case were vegan. I got a few glazed and sugar-coated donuts, plus a dozen donut holes (10 cents each), half of which I ate on the drive back to the hotel. Everything was delicious and inexpensive -- I was sorry I didn't buy more to take home. This is a no-frills place. Just a donut case, a few tables, and a handful of simple beverage selections (e.g., think "coffee" not "grande mocha spiced latte.") Ronald's is less than three miles off the Strip. I had a car, but if you didn't and were staying on the Strip, you could reach it easily via taxi or the 203 bus, which goes down Spring Mountain Road.
5	one-word: addicting!I work for a company that has numerous locations around town and I look forward to when I have to drive down spring mountain to get to some of them because I get to stop in at Ronald's Donuts. I had driven past this gem more times than I can count and finally stopped in one day when I was early for work. I immediately fell in love. The donuts are delicious! They are very fresh and very tasty. According to the other reviews on here they are Vegan donuts which I didn't even know so that shows how good they really are. Anyway, if you love donuts (and who doesn't) stop in and give Ronalds a try. I think its 89 cents/donut or $10 for a dozen. I love the chococolate/chocolate cake donut and the creme filled. Also just tried the apple filled donut that kind of looks like a big taquito and it was amazing.
5	Ok, I'll say it. Those were the best donuts I've ever had. Better than krispy cream, better than DD, heck even better than Tim Horton's.The place is at the end of a little shopping mall, a couple minutes west of the strip on spring mountain road. A couple of brown dinner-type tables, with a bunch of 60yo + locals reading, chatting or just sipping their coffees. As soon as we went in though, we were greeted by this small 40ish looking east-asian lady, who asked what we wished to order. We told her we'd take 12 as soon as we saw the variety available, and we took a good 5 minutes to decide. She was patient. We went to the register with her, and we were floored when we got the bill! And it was so cheap. For $7 (Jan '10), you get 12 regular donuts. For $0.50 extra, you can replace a regular donut by one of their specialty donuts. The huge ones. Otherwise, the specialty was $1.25 a piece, and their regular are $0.70 a piece. Medium coffee is $1. That's right, better than the $10 it costs for 2 donuts and small coffees in the casino.Most of the donuts we tried were amazing. I do not know most of their names in English (I just pointed), but lets say that the boston cream was outsanding and that the ones that look like big wheels dipped in chocolate were delicious too. Big props for the orange glazed donut also.This place will now be on my to-do list every single time I go to vegas.
4	WIth all the $5 a pop fancy cupcake places sweeping the nation, it's good to see that Vegas is still holding on to something with that old Vegas charm.  This place has great donuts (I'm not yet ready to say they're better than Tim Horton's) and everytime I'm in town I stop by for a few.  Reasonably priced at $0.75 to $1.25 depending on type, they're a great deal and the service is always friendly.  Coffee is about a dollar for a small cup and surprise---it actually tastes pretty damn good!  If you're visiting Vegas' Chinatown, make sure to stop by here for dessert....or breakfast....or a snack....hell, just stop by for a donut!!
5	I was here today..this morning, and as soon as I got home to California I had to write this review because THEY ARE THE SHIT! After 4 years of not having a donut since I became vegan...this was like heaven.Thank you Ronald's.
5	Easily the best donuts in Vegas.  Love the apple fritter & boston creme.  I really don't care that they are vegan.  Be aware - it's cash only.  So Vegans & Non-Vegans unite around the best donuts I've ever had!
4	Jon A. and I shared two donuts (75 cents each, or $7 for a dozen): a chocolate cake donut and an orange-glazed cake donut. Both were deliciously cakey (my favorite genre of donut), but I wish there were freshly baked ones available. Maybe I just didn't know what times of day to go to take advantage of a piping hot donut.There were about eight small tables, half of them with regulars. One of the older guys came over and asked if Jon A. was in Avenue Q in London or if he just saw it there (because he was wearing his black Avenue Q London shirt). The atmosphere was laid back and friendly; you can definitely tell you are off the beaten path in here.I actually don't recall seeing any signage in- or outside the store that indicated that they sell vegan products, so I'm not sure if they do, but luckily, I don't care if I eat animal-derived products.The verdict: I enjoyed our brief breakfast in Ronald's. If only I had a bigger group to go with so that I could try more of their donuts! Remember that it's cash only so you aren't left with a sad face and no donuts.
4	I can't believe I almost forgot to write my donut review!  We tried a couple of times to visit the donut shop before finally making it here on Tuesday before lunch.  We ordered a dozen donuts to share.  I just finished my last one this morning.  I tried the cherry turnover, sugared, and apple fritter.  They are tasty and BIG...  I had to eat mine in smaller segments over the span of 3 days...  The turnover and the sugared were my favorites.  The fritter was a tad too sweet for me.  The other half enjoyed his chocolate covered custard filled donut which I didn't try.  I didn't see any signage in the store for the donuts being vegan so I'm not sure how people know that but I sure did enjoy the donuts - vegan or not!  I'd rate them 3.5 stars - 4 stars.  I wished I had enjoyed the apple fritter more!
5	Went on a sunday morning and the tables were full when we came in, but a table was open by the time we picked out our dozen to fly back to Colorado.  You can't tell that they are vegan.  I had the apple fritter and he had the jelly donut.  We were full for a few hours, the apple fritter was huge!  I totally recommend a taxi ride from the strip to get a donut.
5	these doughnuts were really good. I had vegan doughnuts and im not vegan and they tasted great. the apple fritter was one of the best i have ever had, especially for being made from vegan ingredients. and also the prices are super cheap! I can't believe how cheap everything was.
5	I love Ronald's!!!! My boyfriend and I came back to DC heavier and happier!!!! We ate donuts everyday in Vegas. It only cost $7 for a dozen of donuts!!! Therefore we went stir crazy! IIn the DC area buying anything that is vegan one must pay a arm and a leg. For one vegan donut it is damn near $5 bucks. So we were happy and very, very gluttonous!!!! The only reason we went to Vegas was for the donuts!!!!! We are foodies and travel all over to experience delish vegan foods and treats!After the 2nd day the cashier greeted us with a radiant smile and a box of yummy, warm donuts!!!! I love Ronald's. Maybe I will move to Vegas for the mega sex toy shops and of course Ronalds!!!!!!!
5	Holy crap! Is Ronald a real person?! If so, will you marry me?! So i can get fat off of your deeeeelicious vegan donuts!!! Recently went to Vegas with friends and family for a wedding, I was too hungover to go, but my friend was sweet enough to get a dozen vegan donuts, and bring them back to our hotel room. I feel like a fatty for admitting it, but I ate every single one, in 3 days. Most people go to Vegas excited about gambling, and getting wasted, and maybe even getting hookers.... Ronalds donuts will definitely be one of the things I'm looking forward to the next time I go to Vegas.
5	I think I would move to Las Vegas just so I could come here to have donuts! They are so cheap and delicious it is unbelievable!!!!!
3	What's vegan donuts? If I hadn't seen the Yelp reviews, I would have thought this was just another run of the mill, hole-in-the-wall, nondescript donut shops you find in any neighborhood. May be good and may be cheap but simply do not understand all the accolades. Sorry.
5	Excellent donuts!  To me, they were better than the famous Voodoo Donuts, but without all the whimsy.  Not as cool, but tastier.Over several days, I tried the donut holes, custard filled chocolate, apple fritter, bear claw, apple burrito, and glazed buttermilk bar.  Don't worry, I didn't eat them all by myself, I just sampled what everyone else had.Everything was great.  The custard filled, apple fritter, and buttermilk bar were my favorites.  The bear claw is enormous, and is also filled with apples.  This is a must stop for future Vegas trips.
5	Not only are these donuts effin' delicious and cheap like a donut should be, the owners and operators of this place simply rock, full stop. We placed a big order the day before heading back to the bay area to bring their sweet donutty goodness to all our friends, and in gratitude they threw in plenty of freebies ("a few more for the road," as they kept saying)- way more than they needed to to win our undying affection and give us diabetes. What I love about this place is that even though they are awesome donuts and friendly people and the vegans of America will keep them in business till the end of time, this is about as unpretentious a place as you can get. The molded orange cafeteria benches, the wood panelling, and the giant pink boxes all look like they've been around since the 70s. I love Ronald's about as much as I hate the rest of Las Vegas.
4	This place is great, I dont care for the competition, Krispy Kreme or or winchels etc. Only other donuts I liked were Randys in Engledwood Ca.  Ronalds is a strong 2nd best to those.
5	The word "vegan" elicits connotations of only bad things in my mind. A Vegan freaking donut shop ? How is this possible? For a long time I stayed far far away thinking good vegan food was impossible!I finally caved and bought a box of assorted things to bring into work. I bragged about how these were vegan and how cool that was, but yeah, when you work in a corporate office and everyone is 45+ vegan is a bad word to them too. No one would even try the donuts once I said they were vegan. Oh well, so I threw most of them out. The ones I tried, however, were phenomenal! Awesome donut holes, and the best cinnamon twist I've ever had in my life. Yup, that good. Ok so I will leave you with this: a) not all the donuts in there are vegan, but ask and the staff will guide you to the vegan ones if that is your preference. b) the donuts I had from there were so damn good I'm convinced the vegan thing is a fake and they can't possibly be lard/butter/etc free. Good thing I'm an animal eating freak so it's cool if it's a scam, whatever, I'll still buy them!
3	Ronald's Donuts you're not that great,I see the rave reviews that I must debate.Your donuts aren't spectacular or unique,Vegan?  Maybe I'm the freak.To me your fried cakes are average at best,Worthy of four stars?  I must detest.Boston cream tasted kinda fake,It made made me gag and want to jump in a lake.As compared to Randy's in LA,All I must say is "No freakin' way!"Ronald's is your average donut shop in a sketchy location.  Okay service, but I'm not impressed.  Maybe the breakfast cakes are decent for being vegan.  Prices are cheap, but if you're staying on The Strip, skip this place and hit Krispy Kreme instead.
5	AMAZING. Vegan donuts? You practically lose weight while eating these bad boys! Well, probably not, but they were super good and they didn't make you feel like crap after eating them. I went with the cinnamon twist, the apple fritter and a glazed cake. They were all great, but the apple fritter was out of this world! I wish we had gotten more donuts because they were all so good. Ronald is pretty awesome too. One of the best donut joints i've been too, and trust me, I've been to my share of places.
5	My boyfriend is the mother-fucking best for the sole reason that he brought me here. Vegan donuts! What more could a girl want?With the exception of a few trays on the bottom shelf, everything is vegan - including the donut I most craved, a cream-filled donut with chocolate icing. Absolutely delicious and about $1. In total my boyfriend and I got three donuts and an apple juice for around $5. Definitely a good deal, and you couldn't even tell they weren't made with animal by-products. Who needs them when they are that mouth-wateringly sweet and tasty? This place deserves an A+ for creativity and cruelty-free treats to die for.
5	Been going to Ronalds for around 20 some years since I was a little kid. My grandma lives down the road so it was the go to place when I visited her. I loved it when I was a kid and still love it today. The Donuts are mostly vegan as everyone said and amazing. You could never tell they are vegan so fear not.   To me its the best there is. There might be places that are more your style but the quality and taste doesn't get any better than Ronalds. Family owned forever and an amazing section of donuts. From the moment you walk in  the aroma is captivating. It makes your mouth water and when you get your first bite it is pure donut addiction. Do yourself a favor and try it.  It is well worth a trip even if you dont live near it. Be warned though, you will need to visit often once you partake in the goodness that is Ronald's.
5	oh man... this place continues to serve as a weekly stop for me. as mentioned in my last review i stop in before work whenever i can and it never disappoints. the donuts are always fresh and always delicious. from the vegan donuts to the cake donuts to the top shelf fritters and even the muffins. Yum! The couple that owns this place is friendly and always smiling. Wonderful people. Leave them a tip when you go people! I know its just donuts but its the two of them running this whole place 7 days a week and they do a great job. I would love to see them make some "special of the day or week" donuts every once in a while.. they always have the same donuts and for how often I go I'm starting to wish they had more variety. Is that me being greedy? Sorry but I want new flavors! I've eaten way too many of the ones they have already.PS try a muffin they are sooo good too :)
2	Went for Ronald's Donuts the other day because of all the positive reviews on the website. Went early afternoon and ordered my favourite Boston Creme, Apple Fritter, Chocolate covered yeast, cake and Bear Claw.Bleh.I guess if you are vegan this stuff might be totally awesome. For the folks can't live without consumption of animal products, I have to say the pasteries are definitely lacking in a couple departments.I love yeasty donuts - they are a juxtaposition of light, yet substantial, crisp on the outside with a pillow-like consistency on the inside. Of these properties, the only criteria Ronald's donuts met was the substantial part - by nature of their large portion size. The donut was dry and overly hard on the outside with too much icing making them too sweet . Boston Creme lacked both a good quality custard and skimped on the amount of custard (although because the custard was so bad - it might have been a good thing).The bear claw was really no different than a regular old yeast donut except in its shape. No almond filling, no chocolate. It's just a regular old yeast donut but bigger.The cake donut was again dry and not that appetizing.The apple fritter didn't have enough apples in there, lacked adequate amounts of cinnamon, and (like all the other donuts were tried) was overly dry (which is surprising because they did have some apple bits in there).Oh, and another thing - these donuts, like most, definitely suffer with age. The next day, these stale hard things were like rocks so if you do go out and get some - don't get a lot.
5	Ronald's is AWESOME!!!! I love their donuts, don't get me wrong, but i went through a phase where all i wanted was a blueberry muffin for breakfast. They ALWAYS had them, along with chocolate and a couple other that really didn't suit my fancy. To the dounuts, i've probably tried 75% of the different kinds and they're all good. The donut hole special is great too, a dozen for a buck i think it was. I would give my money to Ronald's donuts any day over the chains like winchells or dunkn donuts. I could go on forever about the quality of their donuts, but i think you should get your butt down there and have 1, 2 or even 3.
3	It's a donut.  What can I say? It's a donut.  Ok, so it's a vegan donut....am I impressed ...sure I guess so but, it's still a donut....how can you get a bad donut? (Now that I think about it - a bad donut would be one without sugar)  Would I return?  Sure if I was in the neighborhood and wanted a donut...
5	Hello Vegas... Ronald's Donuts is the BEST yummy vegan donuts!!Very friendly!
4	2/3 of their raised donuts are vegan.   Simply banging donuts at fair prices in the biggest shithole of a city anywhere on the planet! They only lose a star for not being 100% vegan.  If you are in the area, score a box of their apple bearclaws and obernigt them to me.    They look like fried barf, but oh my the truely are fried barf from heaven.
4	What more can be said, this a good donut place.  They have all the main donuts, just a little bit larger than usual on some.  Only thing is I wish I can have them right out the oven, but what can you expect when I wake up at 10 am.
3	Came here based on all the yelp reviews. Small spot in a strip mall. Lots of older folks hang out here. Cant tell the difference between a vegan donut and a  non vegan one but hey it was still good! even had soy milk and ronald was nice too.
5	Best.  Donuts.  Ever.  Plus, vegan?  Yes, please.  Ronald's has the trifecta of fabulousness:  great donuts, cleanliness (pristine), and great/friendly service.  I will definitely be back.  I'd go back right this moment if I weren't 650 miles away.  Best buttermilk bar of my life!Plus, I have to add--a couple people said something about Ronald's being located in a sketchy area.  Really?  It's Chinatown.  Not remotely sketchy in my opinion.One final note:  cash only.  So, bring a couple Washington's (read:  cheap!).
4	In a small, inconspicuous shopping mall bearing resemblance to pagodas in China as their building's theme, there sits in the corner a small donut shop called Ronald's.  In this small donut shop stands an older Asian couple serving yummy donuts with constant smiles, something I am glad to see.  When you get a donut plus a smile, your experience with that donut is even better.The cabinet is small, the selections brief, but good, and every donut caters to the cream-filled, fruit-filled, sugar coated cravings anyone has between four in the morning and four in the afternoon.  From chocolate cinnamon twists the size of Olga's hair braid, to the classic old fashioned with a bit of glaze of just plain jane, the donut shop sells 7 dollar dozens every hour and refreshes its cabinets as the day goes on.  A lovely lady with the biggest smile followed me as I perused each row behind the glass with utter delight.  My eyes were as big as a kid in a candy store; the size of donuts sold here will make anyone feel like a kid again holding a gianormous donut between their hands.I settled on my dozen, taking sugar coated twists, glazed and raspberry jelly-filled cakes, along with old fashioned, chocolate rounds, and a few maple bars and one special apple crepe looking donut.  The pink boxes are a sign of the times, as pink boxes signify pastries and always have since my mother was a child.  The eagerness I felt just seeing a bright pink cardboard box excited me even more to gobble down a donut or two in the privacy of my car--of course, with a carton of milk.I gave the nice lady my cash (as it is a CASH ONLY establishment), told her to keep the change and delicately handled the pink pastry box out the door and four steps to my car.  I sat down, turned the a/c on, slid that lid open after removing the small bit of tape that was supposed to keep me out till I was home, and grabbed a glaze twist to start.  Like a fluffy dough cloud of sugar goodness, that twist pulled apart as a twist donut should--with a slight bit of give but only enough to tease you into tugging just a tad harder (but with gentleness) till the dough surrendered and your fingers smash that tip, eventually coated in glaze itself.  You dangle the torn bit above your  mouth, lowering it into the hole in your face, only to find yourself chewing on sweet, doughy goodness and sucking--not licking--your index and thumb clean of sugary yummies.After the first bite, close your eyes and feel the soft texture between your teeth, taste that sugar glaze coating your palette and savor the fact that it could well be a guilt free donut."Guilt free?" you may ask?  Guilt free, indeed, for Ronald's is a VEGAN FRIENDLY donut shop.  That's right.  You read it right.  VEGAN.  Only a few trays on the bottom left are "regular", but the rest are vegan-friendly.  After reading this--while eating my donut in the car and browsing yelp while I chewed down that twist--I read just that and couldn't believe it.  Vegan food is supposed to be icky, cardboard, and tasteless (no offense, but I'm only speaking stereotypically, not reality).  A donut that is vegan is in my mouth and tastes damn good!  I was astonished and happy.  Not only will this be a guilt-free pleasure, but it's not that bad for you, unlike the regular donuts with all that crap in them.  I therefore dub this place my new donut shop, and vow to pick up a pink box at least once a month to treat myself.As I closed the lid to that pink box and smiled at the fact that I just ate a tasty donut that was guilt-free, I was happy with myself and with Ronald's.  Not only do they make the best donuts in town, but they make them guilt free and fresh daily.  What more could you ask for from a donut shop but those two things?  I suggest you hit Ronald's once to try it for yourself, especially if you're like me--a sweets person.  Not only will the sugary delights tickle your palette and make you smile, but the fact that you're eating a guilt-free pleasure makes it even sweeter.
5	VEGAN donuts.  That taste DELICIOUS.  And cost ONE DOLLAR.  WTF else do you want? Best ones? Boston (soy) creme or the gigantico apple fritter.So worth the trip to China town... get your vegan ass in a taxi and get a dozen to take back to the homeland. CASH ONLY!!!
5	This place is amazing. It's in Chinatown and a small dingy area run by these very friendly people. The donuts here are AMAZING. ALL OF THEM! I can't explain how good they are (I know they are donuts...but these are just so good).Boston Soy Creme - Ok....no idea I was eating soy creme. This thing is so sweet, moist and tasty. It's addictiveGlazed - Best glazed I have ever had!Donut Holes - Portion Controlled Pockets of HeavenI'm not a fan of chocolate donuts but  co-workers of mine (I brought in Ronald's) now drive all the way to Ronald's on the weekends to have breakfast. Not just for vegans (although a large selection of their donuts just happen to be vegan). This place is for everyone who enjoys a good sweet treat!Yum Yum...I've never been this obsessed with donuts till I met Ronald's!
5	If I lived in Vegas, this would be my place. Old school orange formica booth seats, no flashy signs, and a simple menu. The Old Fashion: the standard bearer of donuts I believe, was delicious. Not greasy at all...just perfectly cooked. Yum. The Apple Fritter: delicious. Its heavy and sweet, but totally good. We took one home and I ate it the next morning and it was still off the charts good. I also had the chocolate glazed, just to try it out. Great airy texture and not too heavy on the glaze. Classic. Why can't they have a joint like this near me?
5	Best Vegan donuts EVER!! I honestly make it a point to buy 2 dozen to bring back home to my friends just because you can't get donuts like these in So.Cal! I recommend Vegans and Non-Vegans check them out! Heck, I've made the three and a half hour drive just to buy them and come back!
5	I wish there was a way ot give a 6th star to Ronald's. First, let me say that I am glad I don't live in Vegas. Not because I would lose all my money playing 3 card poker, or become a cokehead, or get syphilis from a stripper. I am grateful because if I lived in Vegas, Ronald's Donuts would have me weighing about 400 pounds.The last time I was in Vegas, I landed at the airport, got my rental car, and drove to Ronald's Donuts, bought a dozen donuts and a metric orgasm of donut holes. Then I went to my hotel. The next day my wife flew in, and..... I met her at the airport with a bag of donut holes. Saying that Ronald's has good donuts is like saying the Sistine Chapel has good graffiti or Road House was a good movie.These donuts are the alpha and the omega. If Jesus made donuts, they would suck compared to Ronald's. I am going to Vegas in September, and the thing I am most excited about isn't the gambling, not the strippers, not even the Mexican guys on the strip handing out escort business cards. It's the easily 1 pound apple fritter at Ronald's. I love apple fritters, but since I had the apple fritter at Ronald's, I have just been chasing the dragon.My wife will cut you for one of the Boston Cremes, and she's a damn Buddhist.Seriously, the donuts at Ronald's are better than Krispy kreme, better than Dunkin Donuts, better than all of them. Sure, they don't do the wacky stuff like Voodoo Donuts in Portland, but I don't really want a donut shaped like a voodoo doll.There are a million places to eat in Vegas, a million things to do. But this place is a must stop. I flew two dozen donuts in my luggage back to Virginia just to take them to work, sadly, only 18 arrived.And no, I did not think the photos below the write a review box were helpful, I thought they were erotica.
4	Just a donut shop nothing more.The secret is in the donuts though, they are made of pure goodness, each one meticulously created. I'm pretty sure they sprinkle crack on them because these little doughy nests of love are purely addictive. My first dozen was a mix of the girls choice, No filling ones for me or crazy huge ones. But I will venture back to get the next dozen here shortly. It's a cash only kind of joint, a dozen donuts cost me roughly 8 dollars.
3	I usually like to go with what most people think when it comes to food reviews.  Sadly, Yelpers overrated this place so heavily that I thought I was going to have the best donut ever before even setting foot in this place.  That was definitely not the case when I finally took my dozen home expecting utter greatness.  I'm giving this place a decent rating however because their service was excellent and it is nothing short of impressive to see what can be done with vegan ingredients.Again, I ordered a dozen donuts which were comprised of big ass cinnamon rolls, bear claws, these long churro looking things, boston soy creme, raspbery jelly filling and apple fritters.  Upon opening the box, I shared the treats with my traveling party and my hosts and they were all in agreement that I had overrated this place too highly (largely based on what others have said) and that they've had better donuts.The donuts were definitely light and fluffy but lacked the sweetness and overall taste that you would expect from an amazing donut.  All and all, this is an average donut spot, nothing more, nothing less.
5	If you are vegan, you most likely know of and have had the pleasure of enjoying Ronalds Donuts. Their vegan cream filled (soy custard) donut takes the cake of any vegan donut I have ever tried, it melts in your mouth! Totally worth a spontaneous 475 mile trip just to get a pretty pink box!
4	Several reviews stated that patrons will actually gorge themselves on boxes of donuts...while dining inside.I had to see it for myself.Sure as s**t, squeezed into the corner booth were four people, each with a large pink box, and each eating out of those boxes.  The legend is true!Spectacular fruit rolls and chocolate cinnamon twists.  The owner was as pleasant as could be.  I supposed I would be, too, if my humble donut shop had such a cult following.  Well done.
5	So I went here before work and bought a dozen donuts since this place had good reviews I just had to try for myself. I do agree with the most of you that this place has one of the best donuts ever! They were not to sweet and lots of great donut selections! I ordered a dozen of whatevers I thought my co-workers would like chocolate, glazed, maple, Boston cream and sugar! I ordered myself one of them big cinnamon twist because it was calling my name "hey Franny try me" so I did. It took me a whole day to finish it, biggest donut I have ever ate (yes I am a very slow eater). On the other hand all the other donuts were gone, so that was a good sign. All I could say is move over Dunkin Donuts, Winchell's, and Krispy Kreme!!!
3	I live a 30 second walk away from Ronald's.  Before I ever tried one of their donuts, I would look outside my window and always see their parking lot full.  Since then, I've tried the donuts half a dozen times.The truth is...it's average.  These Yelp reviews are HIGHLY over-rated.  The donuts are on par with your average donut shop.  Krispy Kreme is definitely better.Although the donuts are average, the service is great.  The owners/workers are always nice, with a smile on their face and I usually get 5-10 free donut holes!I still come here when I feel like a donut and coffee...not because the taste is so great, but because it's so close.  They're average.
5	The shop was voted as "The Best Tasting Doughnuts in Las Vegas!"I strongly agree. And quite possibly top-5 in the nation. Well, I don't know about that. But if I was a doughnut-judge, I think this Las Vegas Doughnut shop should get some strong consideration. I was here close to 10am and half the doughnut selections were gone. But no fear; there are plenty of great tasting doughnuts for me. I had the Apple filled roll and a small cup of coffee for $2.25. The roll is similiar to a Cannelloni with a cinnamon-flavored apple filling. The mixture of the crunchy and flakey sugary crust combine with the apple filling makes this treat very unique. My treat: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QDeB3ZtWYzVJJ0KK-HM-PA?select=vl8SV5VpcU7TQnOuMp53FAI also bought a couple of Glazed Raise for a later treat, but my battery on my camera succumbed on me. Sorry!But you definitely don't need my crappy pictures to convince you to check out Las Vegas's best doughnut shop.
5	Vegan donuts? And soy milk for my coffee? While in Vegas, the last thing on my mind is being healthy, so I ordered up 8 donuts, with the intent on sharing them, but little sharing was done by the time I arrived home. Bear claws, cinnamon rolls, apple fritters, glazed, you name it, they got it baby. The soy-cream filled chocolate donut rules too.
4	I am the complete opposite of a Vegan, so when I heard about a donut shop selling VEGAN DONUTS it was something I was definitely reluctant to try, and I LOVE donuts. However, I was in the area with my aunt one day, she had to do something, I was hungry, and I saw this place, remembered what I heard about it but figured why not? It may not even be that bad. I was shocked to see that the donuts look just like regular donuts. When I asked the lady behind the counter about it she told me that all of them were Vegan except the last few shelves at the bottom. I grab two donuts, and they tasted AMAZING. How in the world could these donuts have no animal by-products in them? Better than Krispy, Dunkin' and Winchell's.I have rarely ever eaten donuts since, since I don't live anywhere near Ronald's unfortunately. I pretty much figured why eat a regular donut when I can go here and grab a donut with no animal-by products that actually tastes BETTER and is better for me!Can't wait til' the day when I can finally go back.
4	Great donut selection and price! Be prepared with cash as they don't take credit or debit!
4	The donuts were great and there is quite a selection!  We got a dozen even though there was just the two of us...so many of them looked delicious.  Make sure you have some cash, as they don't accept debit or credit.
5	They have been voted top donut shop in LV and for good reason...they are delicious and they are also the kind of donuts we grew up with!Their maple bars are just the right combo-a light & fluffy donut with good amount of icing not too much. The kids love the chocolate sprinkles. I love their lemon or raspberry jelly filled donuts. They also have vegan donuts-which are good for vegans. Personally, I can't tell the difference....but they are all good. Like many of the reviews before me-Ronald's isn't a gourmet bakery shop on the Las Vegas strip-so don't think glitz and glamour donut shop. They are a mom & pop donut shop that sells amazing donuts and they do a damn good job at it! Their motto-Bake it and they will come!Go in and order you baker's dozen. I bet it won't be the last time you'll be there. FYI There's a Wells Fargo and BOA right down the road...take out some cash because Ronald's is a CASH ONLY establishment.
4	good doughnuts, great that they have vegan options but other than that: nothing special but good
5	Absolutly AMAZING!  The donuts, the owners, the customers, everything there was just fantastic!
5	Straight up, one of the only places in the West Coast for Vegan Donuts.  Amazing prices, and my non-vegan friends could not even tell the difference.
2	The doughnuts were dry. They weren't superior to any other doughnut shop. Apple fritter was good but left a coating of fat on my tongue.
4	The little, boring sign of "DONUTS" was enough to get me in here... I did cheat and see this advertised in Las Vegas' DESERT magazine for cheap eats. So, I stopped here one day to pick up breakfast for my family. This sneaky little donut shop made me almost pass it!When I got inside, the cute little lady greeted me and helped me do my counting for half a dozen donuts. I think it was 7$??? Don't really remember, I just remember it was exact cash, and they only except cash (hence my non 5 stars). I would have never guessed this place was Vegan (maybe Atomic 7 should take a hint;])because everything was better than a regular donut would be. Super airy and fluffy with just enough sugar/glaze/chocolate. When you're in China Town.. before 2pm.. hit this place up.
5	These are damn good donuts.  These are plan-the-night-before-and-sacrifice-my-limited-time-for-sleep-to-wake-up-at-4am-to-get-them donuts.
5	BEST donut shop in Vegas.Cash only. VEGAN (almost all donuts). Independent, family owned. Fresh. DELICIOUSNESS.Boston cream=must orderdonut holes=must order (a dozen $1)apple fritter=must ordereverything=must orderA dozen donuts for $7.Maybe donuts inhibit my ability to write in sentences or something, or I'm so amazed that my childhood local donut shop back home has been topped. Definitely don't want to hear any whining vegans tell me they can't enjoy the same things I do, because now I have something to throw back and it's RONALD'S DONUTS!
4	Quaint and simple. The cinnamon twist was gigantic and delicious. The apple fritter is good also.  (Cash only)The owner is nice, but his name's not Ron!
5	Apple Fritters the size of a UFO.When I'm stressed...Ronald's makes me feel better. Yay for emotional eating and Ronalds!Yum Yum.
5	Cupcakes have taken over the sweet scene lately, but donuts are still hot at Ronald's Donuts on Spring Mountain. This little family owned shop doesn't look like much from the outside (or inside), but it has been around FOREVER and has an outstanding reputation.On my most recent visit I got a chocolate donut and an apple fritter. The dough of the former is light and fluffy, with nice yeast pockets and a chewy texture. The high gloss chocolate frosting barely coats the upper half, giving it just the right level of sweetness (if you love the sugar content of Krispy Kreme, Ronald's may not be the place for you). Their famous apple fritter is practically the size of a frisbee, and has a delicious, crisp caramalized exterior. The apple filling has more texture than most, and I love the homemade look.The icing on the cake (or icing on the donut, rather) is that a dozen donuts will cost you less than $8 (cash only) and all of their selections are vegan. Even the cream filling is soy-based, so as far as donuts go this is about as healthy as you can get. I recommend taking a break from the cupcake craze when you next need to satisfy your sweet tooth and vacationing back to a time when donuts ruled as the go-to dessert for social gatherings . As far as I'm concerned, Ronald's has been the only off-Strip place in Vegas keeping donuts alive and well, so if you love holy desserts I suggest you make your way there soon.
4	vegan donut? really? I couldn't tell the difference.I heard about Ronald's Donuts. Driving down spring mtn, I saw the sign and had to stop by.Even after pass 12p the donuts were pretty tasty.
5	I have eaten A LOT of vegan donuts (in almost every major city in the country) and ronalds is the absolute best, hands down.  the owners are super friendly and always remember me. if you are coming to get donuts right before closing and get caught in traffic, if you call they will stay around for a few to help you out. my personal favorite is the maple bar with the soy creme filling.
4	I finally made it a point to try Ronald's Donuts this AM.  Got there at 9:20am or thereabouts, and they had a decent selection. I've tried 3, and I had: A maple bar: EXCELLENT. Light, fluffy and very fresh. A 9! A cake cinnamon crumb (possibly one of the vegan ones? Not sure, it was on the bottom shelf) Just MEH. The Cake was decently light and fresh, but I really thought the cinnamon crumb was poorly lacking in flavor. A big dissapointment! A 2!A specality donut that was: the cinnamon roll dough, with some chocolate twisted into it, then covered in maple glaze and chopped peanuts THIS WAS AMAZING! Really huge, too. I brought it into work, and all my co-workers were super-envious (and pissed that I didn't bring them a box, but they're cheap bastards that don't deserve something so nice!!) of my magical fried bit o' goodness. This was just sooooo good! A 11!If the crumb had been better, i'd gladly give them 5 stars. Service was passable, nothing as cheerful as Sotay at Donut Hut on D.I They also suck for having so short of business hours, they close at 4pm daily. Cash only, folks!*UPDATE: on a very interesting side-note, these are the greasiest donuts i've EVER had. I bought a dozen to take home, and they sat in their pretty pink donut box for 8 hours. When I got home, the bottom was over 75% saturated with oil. Just wanted to note that news.
4	When it comes to chain donut shops, I've always been on Team Krispy Kreme.  Fans of other donut shops often fault Krispy Kreme for having light, airy donuts.  My friend on Team Dunkin', for example, feels that Krispy Kreme donuts are not substantial enough.  But to me it's a matter of taste.  It's the light, airy quality of the dough that makes a Krispy Kreme donut seem melt in your mouth, and that's why I love them.  I just prefer the dough in a donut to have a less cakey texture than Dunkin's.  Which is where Ronald's enters the picture.  After reading all the positive reviews of Ronald's Donuts, located in China Town, I finally got around to giving them the taste test.  I stopped by over the weekend and ordered three of their assorted donuts, plus a huge bear claw and an apple fritter, which cost extra.  Of the assorted donuts, I got a plain glazed, a chocolate glazed, and one of the long chocolate glazed with cream filling.  I have to say that I was very impressed.  The honey-sweet glaze on the plain donuts is very reminiscent of Krispy Kreme's, but when you bite into it, the dough is fluffier without being overly cakey.  In texture, I think it is a very successful compromise between a Krispy Kreme and a Dunkin' Donut.  The chocolate-glazed donuts were also delicious, as were the bear claw and the apple fritter.  The long chocolate-glazed donut was not overly stuffed with cream-filling, which I appreciated.  Others might wish it had more cream filling. I'm giving Ronald's Donuts the same 4-star rating I gave to Krispy Kreme.
4	regular donuts=75 centsapple burrito=1.10dozen donut holes=1.00bring cash for what may be the best donuts in Vegas.
4	Darn good donuts and so cheap! Clearly a local favorite.  Everybody else in the shop was a local and the lady at the counter knew them all.  Repeat business bodes well for how good the product is.  Usually for me a donut is a donut, but Ronalds definitely has above average donuts.  The true test of a good donut place are their raised plain donuts (sprinkled with sugar only).  This place had a mighty fine raised donut.  Perfectly fresh, light, yeasty and fluffy.  Delish!  Best deal we had while in Vegas, hands down.
4	vegan vegan vegan!I don't know how you can make something taste so good and not be at least a little bad for you. Well, definitely get the apple burrito. It has a nice apple to donut ratio which makes it border-line dessert! haha. There other donuts are good too, like donuts.Nice service too. Very friendly.
5	About seven years ago, while living in SLC, my girlfriend at the time told me about this place. So we drove six hours to Vegas to get some for us and for a half dozen other vegans who put in their orders to add to their otherwise limited dessert menu.We got into town just before closing and had a hard time finding the place. She called and asked for directions and they sweetly gave them to us and said they would stay open until we got there.We finally got there, later then we thought but, they let us in and very kindly waited on us. Since they were closing and we were so grateful we bought nearly all the doughnuts left, about five dozen!They were so good to eat and the experience was so kind, that Ive never forgot it.
5	OH.... MY...... GODThese donuts are *ridiculously* good. Definitely worth driving a few miles away from the strip to indulge. The whole top two levels of donuts (as already mentioned in other reviews) are vegan, so this destination for us was heaven. We visited early in our trip to gorge and then picked up a box to bring home for friends to enjoy. Cheap. Vegan. Yummy. What more do I need to say? I don't know how these are so luscious and vegan, but the word on the street is that they are..... they're so good, that it is impossible to differentiate from 'normal' donuts.
4	One vegan choice after another. Ronald, I love you. I had a delicious and enormous apple fritter. We filled a big box to go. I'm one happy vegan!
4	Got another dozen from Ronald's this week, and i'm certain of 2 things: The worst donut and the BEST donut are to be found in all of Las Vegas here.I found out from the woman working there ALL of the top shelf donuts are the vegan ones. That's where the tiger tails are, the perfect cinnamon-chocolate gigantic twist donuts are. I love these SO much, plus they are very filling! I think this one donut is the tastiest one in town.The wimpy, tasteless cake cinnamon crumb donuts are a total let-down. Heavy, greasy and devoid of any cinnamon flavor whatsoever. A real bummer, I wish they could be better.They make a great maple bar!
4	I've been wanting to try Ronald's Donuts for a few months now after reading all the glowing Yelp reviews, and I finally had the chance to last week when I happened to be in Chinatown in the wee hours of the early morn before meeting some friends at Starbucks. What goes better with coffee? Well, donuts of course. Sadly, I rarely eat donuts for breakfast. Something about deep fried pieces of dough covered in sugar, sugar, and even more sugar (glazed, powdered, cinnamon sugar, etc) for breakfast seems so unhealthy. But, occasionally, I like to indulge my sweet tooth in these pillows of goodness. After looking over the display of donut selections, I ordered one sugar donut. Nothing fancy, just a plain donut covered all over with white sugar. The very friendly woman packed my donut in a little paper bag, and I left to go to Starbucks. Originally, I planned to eat my donut with iced coffee, but I made the mistake of trying a little piece in the car. When I arrived at Starbucks, only half remained of my sugar donut, leading me (but not my tummy) to regret only buying one donut. The donut itself was very good. Much more soft and fluffy than the dense, sometimes stale supermarket donuts, less sweet than the sugary morsels at Krispy Kreme, and definitely tastier than Dunkin Donuts and other donut chains. Ronald's sugar donut was one of the best sugar donuts I've eaten (my favorite sugar donut being from a bakery in Korea). Crispy on the outside thanks to the sugar and freshness of the donut while being soft and light in the inside. The best thing about this donut was it wasn't too sweet, which was perfect for me. Also, these donuts are vegan, which somehow makes these donuts more healthy than the regular donut (or at least I'd like to believe that). Whenever I'm in the mood for donuts and I happen to be in that area at the right time of the day, I'll stop by Ronald's Donuts to try another one of their highly-rated donuts.
4	After leaving Helping Hands, I needed to kill time before the Neon Museum open house. I'm always seeing and hearing great things about Ronald's, so I figured it was time to check it out. I'm not a big donut eater. My boss randomly brings in a couple of boxes of Winchell's donuts every now and then. I'll eat a custard-filled, but donuts just don't excite me.With that said, I went with a custard-filled donut and a hot chocolate. The donut was of a good size and tasted pretty good. I wish there was more custard in it, to be honest. I think when it comes to this particular donut, my high water mark is one I had near San Diego once. I was staying at a friend's parent's place, and the Dad went out and came back with the biggest custard-filled donut I had ever seen. I know bigger isn't necessarily better, but it was also delicious. I really should get the name of that place.Regardless, I'm a fan of Ronald's, even for the simple fact that it's a Mom & Pop. The donut was definitely good, but what I really appreciate is how friendly the people are. I sat there for a while (killing time) and heard the lady greet customers by name and even know what they usually get. I won't come in here often enough for that treatment, but that's worthy of a solid four stars.
5	take a left at treasure island and continue down spring mountain road until you reach the yummy goodness of ronald's donuts!close your eyes and picture this:  two and 1/3 shelves devoted to VEGAN donuts...go ahead. let that drool gather for a second of two.for $1.75 i indulged in a maple bar and a chocolate cream filled donut--and both were outstanding. the frosting, particularly on the maple one, was coma inducing. my hypothalamus was galloping! the creamy center of the filled one was just like vanilla pudding, and the dough was light and airy.plus, the woman behind the counter gave me and my mister an utterly outstanding recommendation for a veggie friendly lunch spot--veggie delight, which had us making happy eating sounds for the duration. :)
5	Best vegan doughnuts ever. I have been here a few times, they are constantly awesome. The whole family loves them.The chocolate covered soy cream filled are my favorite. They make me super happy. The cinnamon twists are great too. Really, everything is great, try them all.$13 for a mixed dozen, cash only.
5	This is my first five star rating.  I can't think of anyplace that deserves it more.  The donuts here are absolutely AWESOME.  Should you decide to visit, make sure you try the bear claw.  It's the best I've ever had.  The buttermilk bars are fantastic and if you're going on a road trip, the donut holes are so good they'll disappear before you've left town!The service is great and they're always happy to see new faces so drop by soon!Seriously though...  Don't forget the bear claws!
5	I think Ronalds Donuts may be one of my favorite places on earth.Rows and rows of cheap, vegan donuts? YES PLEASE. I've had way overpriced vegan donuts from various shops, and these little .70 cent or so babies seriously take the cake. Every donut I tried was delicious, and they tasted even better the next morning.If you're a vegan in vegas, this is a must!
5	this place is amazing. if you are vegan, GET HERE. the donuts taste better than i remember. the glazed are obviously the best, but any of them will do. top two rows are vegan. if you are in las vegas DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE!
3	I've only been here once. The donuts were okay but didn't seem special. Although I got there at 7:30 a.m. they didn't have a single donut with nuts on top. Cash only
5	Vegan donuts, yes please!
5	how funny, i pulled up Ronald's and the banner across the top of the screen was for weight watchers HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! these are drop dead the best donuts in las vegas and i should know. i grew up in a donut shop a family friend owned. Ronald makes the tasty cakes the old fashion way, a big vat of oil and flipping sticks by hand. NO MACHINES HERE!! you can have just one so be prepared for carb overload. ever thing i have ever had is AWESOME, my favorite is glazed chocolate cake and old fashioned chocolate dipped. this pace is very clean and the help behind the counter is always smiling. have i said how much i love this place? if you think krispy kreme is a donut you are missing out. get over here!!
5	Gotta love Ronald's Donuts. I bought a dozen to bring to my cousins in LA a few months ago, and now every time I go to visit they demand I bring a box full. These things are delicious, well priced, and fresh.
4	Wow. These donuts are huge, made fresh, and super cheap. Also, DELICIOUS! The staff is nice. They seem to have a steady stream of regulars.What's not to like?I wish we had a place like this in NYC.(Cash only.)
5	VEGAN Donuts!!! Hadnt had a donut in years and went to Ronalds yesterday. Better than the donuts I used to eat. Very nice when I called for hours and directions. Great service-they appreciate your business.
5	VEGAN DONUT'S?!?!?!OMGosh! BEST donuts ever! They are soft delicious sweet goodness! Better than any....a total must!
5	RONALD IS THE SHIZZNIT. End of story.I get a dozen every time I go to Vegas and then feel super fat.Thanks for making my dreams come true.
5	Old school donut joint, right in the middle of Chinatown.  Super low key vibe, sick tasting and huge donuts with great prices.  Ronald's donuts make Dunkin Donuts seem like supermarket donuts.Ronald's got super fresh donuts and pastries and he gives you a lot of bang for your buck.  Great variety as well.  This place is definitely a repeater and keeper.
4	I'm not a big donut eater. I rarely eat them. But a few days ago I got a craving for donuts (Krispy Kreme are my fave) and everyone told me I just HAD to try Ronald's, by far the best in Las Vegas. After reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided I was missing out and planned to try them on Sunday morning.This morning, Papa D and I decided to stop at Winchell's and get one or two and then head on over to Ronald's to do a comparison. We didn't arrive until almost 12 noon, so the bakery case was almost empty. I got a buttermilk and Papa D got a devil's food with chocolate frosting. The buttermilk was really buttery and had a light glaze coating. Papa D's devil's food cake was delicious, but the choc icing was really thin. Winchell's was thicker and more chocolaty (or chocolaty-er...is that a word?). The top shelf had these GINORMOUS donut creations - cinnamon chocolate twists, which would be great for dipping, bear claws, and some really awesome looking cinammony apple creations. These things were HUGE and only $1.35 each. I had one bite of the cinnamon chocolate twist and it was pretty good, but it was a bit dry and needed some milk or coffee or something wet to go with it. Overall, I was glad they weren't super doughy as I can't stand thick yeasty donuts. But I honestly thought Winchell's was better. We did enjoy our donuts though, and would go back if in the area.
5	I eat donuts.  That's a fact and I've been everywhere in the valley from Al's to Donut Hut, from Krispy Kreme all the way to Dunkin.  I know my donuts.Ronald's is located along Spring Mountain road and is pretty hard to miss.  A noticeable feature they offer are Vegan donut options that taste exactly like a regular donut at Al's or Krispy Kreme.The donuts:  So many options, so many varieties and at a stellar price!  They have gigantic Apple Fritters that sell for about 1.30 and the prices pretty much go down from there.  Before school I get about 3 donuts and they taste amazing.  It's not too dough-y, the glazes are perfect, moist and crisp, and there "Butterfly" donut is to absolutely die for.These donuts are worth the trip from wherever you live in Las Vegas.  It's a Mom & Pop business, Ronald and his wife, and they are extremely nice and welcoming with greetings of, "Good Morning" and "Have a nice day".  5/5 stars for Ronald's Donuts, the best donut store in Las freaking Vegas.
5	Best in town, hands down!
5	I ate here about 37 times in a 5 day period 2 years ago and I still wake up crying sometimes because I realize that I live nowhere near Ronald's Donuts.You've ruined my life, Ronalds Donuts!
3	3/5/11Tried the apple fritter and bear claw and 4 donut holes for $3...not sure if that was considered a good deal...10 cents per donut hole so that made each donut $1.30 considering i don't usually do donuts but with all the reviews we tried it! they were good...don't really have anything to compare them to as we don't really eat many donuts...next time we'll have to come in the morning and see if there's a difference? We had no idea some of them were vegan until after we left! no signage on any of them...
5	AMAZING.  VEGAN. OHMYGOODNESS.So, I'm a vegan who hasn't had donuts in 10 YEARS, apart from the cake kind that some health food stores sell prepackaged.  I found myself in Vegas and saw that they have a vegan donut shop there. I insisted we go.  We had to take a bus there, and some creepy guy - who carries his phone charger in his sock and showed us - bugged us and then took my picture with his phone.Small journey turned out to be completely worth it.  I think I bought 8 donuts thinking I'd take some home with me.  Instead, I ate ALL of them inside of about 28 hours.  No regrets.  They are perfect and exactly how I remember.  GO HERE! NOW!I may have to tie myself up so I don't drive 4 hours back to Vegas just to buy donuts.  The jelly donut, plain glazed, and bear claw were my favorites.
5	best donuts ever! and vegan yay!
5	The Apple Friiters have ruined me for anyone elses ever again. Sigh. They have Vegan Donuts, which I think is cool, and the place is always clean. They do NOT take Debit cards, so brinmg cash, which has tripped me up a few times. All in all great place!
2	Ok -I think my taste buds may be way off on this one but I hadn't eaten a donut since I was a kid. I got several Ronald's donuts and they just didn't taste like much. They also seemed so greasy It reminded me of fried chicken in a way. Weird, I know. After eating healthy for so long maybe my taste for crap is just unreliable now. Which makes me kinda happy cuz I don't crave it but kinda sad cuz I remember donuts as being so good. *confused* PS: The counter help was really nice and prompt
4	Dontcha find that the more run down the donut shop...the better the food tastes...and Ronald's is no exception. After hearing about all the great Yelp reviews about this place and passing it on the way to my son's doctor's appointment...I made a bargain with my boy...if he was good at his appointment he could have a donut (oh pretty please be good kid...mommy wants to try some of these raved about donuts). As expected my little dude was a saint and off we went to Ronald's. When we rolled up...they were demolishing the sidewalk, which was rather annoying...but it wasn't their fault. The assortment wasn't the largest that I had ever seen but they had all the ones I loved. We opted for a half dozen and 2 small milks for a grand total of $5.75 (cheap!). My boy and I stayed to enjoy our donuts and took the rest home for my daughter and dad to enjoy. Before we left I felt the sudden urge for a cup of coffee and I am so glad I did. Its just like old school diner coffee (none of this new wave Starbucks crap...no offense to those of you who like Starbucks). The lovely lady behind the counter saw my boy eying the donut holes and gave us a complimentary bag of them to go...you would have thought he died and went to heaven (again...it pays to be nice and tip people...just a small thought). We will be back again soon...its a bit out of the way...but I will make the sacrifice once in a while.
4	Came here this past weekend to pick up some donuts before heading back to the OC.  Got there about an hour before they closed so we knew we would be limited to selection.The place was quiet and clean.  We picked up a dozen of their donut holes, an apple fritter, and an apple filled tostada looking pastry.  it was pretty cheap too!!The donut holes tasted fresh.  The apple fritter was huge but full of sugar to me.  The apple filled tostada was the best..it was not too sweet and had good amount of apples in it.A great place to get a deal if you like donuts.
4	Great dnuts, the only issue is where it is located and its cash only but great dnuts
4	Lots of hype here, so i tried them on a sat afternoon...not the best time as they only had a couple trays of goods left. Tried a sugar twist and a yeast donut....both good but nothing to write home about. Will try again when they are more fresh and have more selection. Nice service.
5	This is heaven for vegans!!!! Many different kinds of delicious fresh donuts!! I wish there was a place like this in Los Angeles!!! SO yummy and super cheap! Very nice owners as well.They also have regular donutsbut I am sure non-vegans will love the vegan donuts @ Ronald's just the same. If you are ever in Vegas make sure you stop at Ronald's!
5	We love this place. They are nice, reasonably priced, fresh, and really tasty.
5	Not to brag or anything, but I've had some damn good donuts in my day. And Ronald's stacks up with the best of 'em. My donut obsession began at an early age, when my Dad used to take me with him to Harold's House of Donuts in Decatur on Saturday mornings while we waited to have his car washed/detailed next door. As I got older, these trips became few and far between, but they'll always hold a special place in my heart. Heartwarming, I know...But as I said earlier, I've had some awesome donuts since then, including World's Fair Donuts (St. Louis), Voodoo Donuts (Portland) and Psycho Donuts (San Jose). Each one has their own "shtick" and I happily gobbled up the offerings. What I liked about Ronald's is that there is no gimmick-  No cereal on top, fancy colors or witty names, just classic donuts at their best. It very much reminded me of Saturday mornings with my Dad at Harold's. Simple and a tad nostalgic. If you're in Vegas and able to get out from partying on the Strip to try some truly local food, definitely hit up Ronald's. Nothing fancy, but it hits the spot.
5	The last time I went to Vegas I took a dozen of these bad boys on the flight home. I can already see this becoming a tradition. No one in my family believed that they were vegan, they more than pass for "real" donuts. I just wish that there were multiple location...maybe near my house?, hint, hint.
5	I just love donuts!!! Great selection, huge apple fritters, which are one of my guilty pleasure foods. They also make this odd apple burritos.....kinda hard to describe, not even sure how they make them...kinda a cross between a cannoli, a burrito and some pie crust...its rolled up, similar to a taquito, filled with apple filling......tasty, flakey, appley goodness. They have a large selection of fresh donuts, coffee, etc......just a nice little donut shop in China Town section of Vegas.
4	NOM NOM!!! Ok so it is a rare occasion that I will actually purchase a donut, but when I do it is from Ronald's because they have the tastiest selection of donuts ever! And a ton of vegan selections! And cute people working there! One time my friend (cough::Ally::cough) drove me here at 4am before driving me to the airport so we could enjoy a freshly baked vegan delight before skipping town.OH YEAH. One time, when I was way younger, I stopped here with another friend after a night of party times, and bought a donut there, and thought it was a nice gesture to buy some for my family (especially so my dad wouldn't yell at me for being out so late). Well I bought a dozen and I think I ate like 2 more on the way home. FAT ASS. But they're that good. And that is why I can go only maybe once a year. The end.
5	I visited here this morning for my birthday and was very impressed! I live in So Cal and we don't have any vegan donut shops around. The donuts were seriously some of the best I've ever had (I'm not even a huge donut fan, had the boston creme and apple burrito). I will be back during my next Vegas trip!One Day Later: Went again today and got more for my trip back to California. Picked up a dozen donut holes, 2 boston cremes, and 2 apple burritos. Sooooo yummy! I was eating the donut holes on the drive and noticed that even at 3pm, the donuts were still springy and fresh. Most times when I get a donut in the afternoon, it's stale and dry. I would give this place 6 stars if I could.
5	Not sure if it was a good idea OR a bad one that I stumbled on this place (speaking in the sense of weight/health wise!)I wasn't really sure if I understood what a vegan donut was and consisted of, but decided to swing here one afternoon. While they don't have a very varied selection, at the same time what they DO have suffices enough. Their plain donuts are 80 cents! I bought two of the plain ones, and let me say after eating those in little less than 10 minutes... I was hooked. Really bad.I've never tasted a donut that was as fresh as those. You know the donuts in Smith's or Albertson's that you could get at the bakery, and they taste really thick, sometimes hard because of all the ingredients packed into making the dough for it? Yeah, Ronald's donuts are NOTHING like that. They tasted light, fluffy, and great for vegan. The apple fritters looked extremely tempting, but I'll have to swing back to get a taste of those. I'm not sure if I actually talked to to owner or not, but he was friendly and helpful for my first time. The only drawback about this place? They close super early in the day, so make sure you swing by before the afternoon is done!I'm afraid I'm going to go Homer Simpson on this place real soon, LOL. The quality of Ronald's donuts plus how cheap they are (80 cents?! That's way better than the deals at Krispy Kreme!) is really hard to pass up. Also, since I've been attempting to convert to more vegetarian/vegan habits, at least I don't feel guilty whatsoever with Ronald's donuts. :)
4	I was on my way to see clients and stopped into Ronald's for two dozens of mixed. The Donuts looked large and fresh and I even sampled one which was fat and tasty. Not overly sweet as Krispy creme and heavier then KK.Service was friendly and prompt and It seemed like a family run joint.Only con here is they don't accept plastic of any kind. : (
5	Most women are cupcake lovers, not me. I'm different, I'm a donut kinda girl. ;) Donuts are at the top of my list for guilty pleasure when it comes to food. Not afraid to eat more than a couple donuts in one sitting. So when I finally tried this place out I was in....... DONUT HEAVEN!!! I first discovered Ronald's Donuts thru yelp. I'm surprised I haven't heard about this place from my friends. Maybe they're keeping it a secret, so they can keep the donuts for themselves or maybe they are totally oblivious of these awesome donuts. Or maybe their not a big Donut Dork like me. It's all good, I'm just glad I found this place thru yelp! Thanks yelpers! :) Thank God for yelp!Anyways, here's my story: I LOVE love love donuts! This may sound crazy but a couple weeks agao, the night before I planned out exactly what I wanted to do to get these donuts....Mission: Donuts. To get the best selection my plan was to Wake up at 6 and get there by 7-7:30, I'm coming from the other side of the valley, almost 30 miles away, I definitely had to plan a "mini" road trip. The day before, I filled up at the gas station, and made sure I had cash. Set the alarm and went to sleep early. So I woke up right before my alarm went off. Got to Ronalds at 7ish, I was so glad there were only a few people there and lots of donuts. I made it! Victory! They all looked so good, I was in heaven! I told them that it was my first time here, and he said, "get one of everything. :)" haha. (I love it when it comes to customer service, that the owner can throw out a good joke so early in the morning.) That's exactly what I did. ( I'll post photos.)  So I got a dozen, 1-2 of all the ones I wanted and 2 dozen donut holes. :) I was excited!!!!  I think I only get like this with donuts. I use to be a dunkin fan, but they have been a disappointment lately. Sooooo happy I went to Ronald's. Great service (I'm all about customer service when it comes to rating a place) and I was happy with my experience. I spent about $12 bucks, but got a whole big pink box (there's something about bakery items that come in pink boxes) of lovely beautiful donuts and a bag of donut holes. Not too shabby. Right before I paid, I heard a whole crowd of people coming in, lines were forming. I got super lucky when I got there at the time I did. Thank God! (: In conclusion, they taste amazing and cheaper than Dunkin. An excellent service. Cash only.  One con is they're sooo far from me, but I would gladly make a "road trip" for these pieces of heaven. Oh and I didn't see those burrito thingys, but that will be on my list for Mission: Donuts II. My favorite is the APPLE FRITTER. The Bear Claw comes in at a close 2nd place.  In general, I wasn't disappointed with any of the donuts. There is something so dangerously delightful about something sweet and deep fried. whew...Goodness.  Oh yah for those of you that haven't been here yet, the donuts are HUGE. Mainly the twisted donut, cinnamon roll, apple fritter, bear claw and a few others. As I said in the beginning of my review I can eat a couple in one sitting, not with these. haha.  The cake donuts are the same size as other places. Mission: donuts successful!!! It was an aaaawwwesome way to start my cheat day Saturday! :)
5	Raised vegan donuts.  That's all you need to know.  Over half the options at ronald's are vegan.  See our review here:  http://youtu.be/EsKIJ0-7gG0
5	I happened to be having a late lunch with a friend near Spring Mountain Rd on my recent Vegas trip.   Since I was in the area, I was excited to finally try Ronald's Donuts.  As we pulled into the parking we saw that  they were closed for the day.  I was bummed.  We backed up to check the hours so we could come back tomorrow.  As we were about to leave the owner came out and tells us to please come in! I offered to come back during normal business hours and he insisted on us coming in.  I couldn't believe it!! The owners were extremely friendly and happy to serve us.  Not to mention the donuts were delicious! So worth the drive off the strip.
4	Finally had the opportunity to try this place. I always come by and forget that they are a cash-only establishment. Not a fan of that and pretty much the only reason I decided to give Ronald's just four stars instead of five. I almost NEVER carry cash on me, so that's a super inconvenient policy for me.I purchased a dozen mixed donuts along with a dozen donut holes for an office party. Everyone loved the donuts and for under $10 for everything, I thought it was a great deal! I will definitely be back, but I guess I'll have to hit the ATM first...
5	This place was really good!
3	It was fine, I guess.  I came here about an hour before closing, so it wasn't particularly soft and fresh.  I got one of each of the raised donuts...it was okay.  Apparently they were the vegetarian kind, but I can't tell the difference from one to another.  I'd like to come back when they first open and experience the freshness, which will probably bump up the review.UPDATE: Okay, I couldn't sleep, so I decided to drive here at 4am when they first opened.  I figured they HAD to have hot and fresh donuts at that time.  I was the first one there when they opened doors, and I asked if they had any hot/warm donuts out of the fryer...  Nope.  So I settled for a choco raised, glazed, and cream-filled donut.  All were fresh (luckily), but for some reason I always find the glazed to be the softest and most enjoyable.  Completely disappointed I couldn't get any hot donuts as soon as they opened.  Last time I'll be coming here.
5	It's been said a million times, but VEGAN DONUTS!!!They're so so so so good. I only have Voodoo Doughnuts in Portland, OR to compare with, but I have to say I liked Ronald's a lot more. These are the traditional type donuts. Very inexpensive, very tasty, very fresh. We ended up getting a dozen assorted ($7.35) and a dozen donut holes ($1.00) for our wedding celebration!! Of course we had a few fancy donuts and coffee while we were there.Definitely worth the monorail -- bus ride (#213 from convention center) -- walk -- bus ride -- monorail. (Cheaper, and more fun than a cab!)
5	I use to think that Las Vegas Chinatown was limited compared to LA, San Francisco, or New York. Instead of lacking, it is less condensed and noticeable. Ronald's Donuts is a perfect example of that. It is not located in the areas topped by pagodas but is in the general area. With a shabby appearance, this place shines because their donuts are so good. I had wanted to try three different styles of donuts, so I ordered an apple fritter, a glazed cake loaf, and a dozen donut holes. The total came out to be $3.15 and I left with two small bags of goodies. While driving home, I could not resist and opened both bags. The apple fritter was moist, filled with pieces of fruit, and huge. The cinnamon flavor is present in every bite. The loaf was dense, but did not dry out my mouth. I would probably order the cruller next time because more surface area and less center means more crunchy edges. The donut holes were light and fluffy. The dozen will only cost a dollar. I have a tendency of taking 1/2 a donut, so this was a great way to have a few bites. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and answered all of my questions while smiling. For those who are allergic to soy, you will not be able to enjoy their donuts, because they are fried in soy oil.
5	Probably the best apple fritter I've ever had. Hands down. And the presentation is so beautiful plus huge portions, so one donut can last you awhile. And Vegan?? I mean, I'm not vegan, but I hear healthy things about the lifestyle (although I could never imagine giving up cheese, butter, bacon....ETC.) so it's almost like you're dieting by eating these, right?
5	VEGAN DONUTS OH MY FUCKis pretty much all that needs to be said. Day two of APP, my friend Lilly showed up with a few boxes full of vegan donuts and It was perfect for that morning.Granted, I'm usually semi health-conscious, so I totally felt unhealthy for eating vegan donuts like 6 times while I was in Vegas.So worth it. Will be going back.
5	AMAZING!!!Best donuts ever- so incredible that they're vegan. I ate one there and took a dozen away... which were devoured within 4 days. I was so impressed that even the last one, eaten this morning, was completely fresh and moist. Vegas isn't known for its vegan options, but wow this place really makes it worth the trip. They're so cheap and you can even pretend they're healthy because most of them are vegan ;)I recommend the bear claw, apple fritter and boston cream... but seriously, they're all delicious!
5	I got the apple fritter the first day.  I don't have the words to explain how good that was.  The next day, I got the Boston creme and jelly filled donuts.  My wife said that I looked "possessed" while eating those two in about 20 seconds.   She also was a bit annoyed because all I could say was "Ronald's" and "donuts" for the rest of the vacation.  They had other vegan options, but I couldn't eat more than two.  Otherwise, they would've thought that I was addicted (which I was)My only complaint is that they closed at 4pm.  I was hoping to get there at night but kept forgetting that they closed so early.  Note to readers:  Get there early and stock up!
5	This place was my savior while in Vegas!!! The donuts were so good. I told them to open a store in Los Angeles. I hope they were listening. Also, if you want soy milk, they will sell it to you in a cup. That was perfect for my son who got to have soy milk and vegan donuts as a treat. Yummy! We grabbed a dozen on our way home -- they're not far from the 15.Cash only at this place, folks! There's a drive-thru Bank of America about a mile or so away.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVEEEE DOUGHNUTS.. and these doughnuts are perfect for people who want to eat vegan food. Yes they still use white flour and white sugar but somethings gotta give right? I've bought these doughnuts for my social groups and co-workers and no body ever notices a difference between these delicious vegan ones and non-vegan ones. I am a big fan of fluffy old fashioned doughnuts, not so much the crispy cream kinds.. so if you like it too, its a definite place to go! Not all doughnuts at the store are vegan but i'd say a good 85% of them are, so vegans won't feel like they have to choose out of 5 choices like their usual cases.Enjoy!
4	We stopped in here after HnJC and picked up a few items.Donut holes were soft and sugary.I had some of the bear claw and thought it was fresh and good.I took a bite of the apple burrito and thought it tasted just like a bear claw except it was fried.I did not eat the raspberry donut.All that was under $5. If I was in the area, I would stop in again!
5	Wow. This place is amazing. I've never had such a great cup of coffee and donut in my life. The whole top two rows are vegan, and they sell out QUICK. It's el yummyo.  My favorite was the maple donut and you should all try it. Next time, when your in the area, stop by Ronalds. After all, you can buy about 60 donut holes and spend about 5 dollars. Go RONALDS! :)
5	A donut shop that sells vegan donuts! YES! The first two rows are vegan. I had the maple bar, bear claw (it's filled with apple), donut holes, and this maple nut donut. All were delicoius.Good service, very inexpensive, and yummy donuts!
5	Yelp strikes again! I am on the Vegas strip and am tired of the of the inflated prices at the hotel. Can't a brother just get a cup of coffee and a donut? Well, I find my fellow yelpers raving about Ronald's Donuts.When I wake up, I make the drive to Ronald. I tried the bear claw, the donut holes, and the apple fritter. Bear claw was huge, full of apples, but the winner of the lineup - apple fritter. Fried, apple, sugar, I am craving it now! Goes well with their coffee - diner style, not that overpriced starbucs kind. Me want apple fritter.
4	Finally got to try the vegan donuts that all the vegans in the world are raving about!  On this trip to Vegas, my bf and I flew so we didn't have cheap car transportation to the donut shop.  Took the cab from Aria hotel to the donut shop, jumped out to get some donuts before they closed at 4pm, and then jumped back into the taxi to go straight to the airport.  That whole cab ride cost us $35!  Those were some expensive donuts, but I'm so glad I finally got to try the donuts.Not that the donuts are out of this world or anything, but I had been meaning to try out those donuts for a very long time now.  Their donuts are just like any other classic donut shop.  Nothing creative like Doughnut Plant of NYC or Voodoo Donuts of Portland, OR.  But their vegan donuts are simple, and simple is good.I got a whole box to take home to my family in Southern California.  I got Boston Creme, glazed, maple bars, and their apple burrito fritter.  The shop owner was so nice, she threw in a whole dozen doughnut holes for free!  SCORE!Only the glazed donuts really tasted soft and fluffy.  The boston creme was so good with all the oozing vegan custard.  The other donuts you could tell they were vegan because they weren't as fluffy and were a bit cakey, but not a dealbreaker.  I wasn't the biggest fan of the apple burrito, that was a bit dry to me.  Maybe my donuts would've tasted better if I didn't come at closing hour, but whatever.  When I went, there were no other customers in the store so it was perfect for my hit-and-run with the cab waiting outside!  Cab driver must've thought I was weird for wanting to go to a random donut shop in Chinatown that was out of the way from the airport!
5	So delicious! Everything here was so ridiculously tasty. The regular donuts, the apple fritter, the fruit- and creme-filled donuts... all of it was wonderful. The only problem we had was that we ordered too much at once and kind of overloaded ourselves with sugar and had to take a nap. If you're overwhelmed by the selection, I would recommend getting a couple things and then coming back for more later, rather than filling up all at once.
4	3.5 rounded up.  This is a basic bakery that charges cheap prices.  I ordered the cruller, apple burrito, and a couple of donut holes.  I thought all were good enough.  I do prefer krispy kreme.  Has a good following; the place had a steady stream of customers while i was there.
5	If you are fortunate enough to be in Las Vegas with a dedicated vegan, bring them here and fill an orchid pastry box with the best donuts-vegan (ask which trays are) or not.   Apple burrito, apple fritter, Boston soy creme, holes, and glazed barely made it back to the hotel.  Only solution to the inevitable sugar high is MORE VEGAN DONUTS from Ronald's.
5	amazing donuts!! they're light and fluffy! and so cheap!!!!!  the asian woman who works there is sweet and she gave me a free donut. highly recommended. the jelly turnovers are so yummy too. worth the almost $20 cab ride from the strip (although took a bus back). yum yum in my tum tum.
5	Oh my god, get them when they come right out of the oven.  The one topped with coconut, so fluffy, but crispy on the outside!!!!  Coconut in the batter too?  I have no idea, wonderful!The apple fritter was also very good, but a little too sweet for me this time around.
5	Oh Ronald, I am seriously in love with you.  The nicest business owners and seriously bomb prices for one of the best foods on planet earth.   These are the best vegan donuts on the planet and they make me so happy.  You can't eat just one-that is a fact.  I would recommend saying you need a dozen vegan and let him pick, unless there are some that you specifically want.  My favorites are the classics- glazed, sugar coated, chocolate coated, and I really like the chocolate glazed one with this vanilla pudding filling-YUM.  OMG, I love this place.  They also have these long cigar rolled ones with apple filling and they are ridiculously amazing.  Go now, pick anything off of the top two shelves.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Drove past this place for years always wondering how it stayed in business.  I thought "how good could a donut be from there?"  Look at the place?  Well, after all the reviews I finally tried it and I have to say that they make some VERY tasty donuts.  My favorites are the custard filled donuts and on Fridays the Chocolate French Crullers.  So simple and yet so delicious!  I just think back of all the years wasted by just driving by and never stoppping to check it out.  Lesson learned...never judge a book by its cover.
5	Sitting here right now enjoying a delicious glazed donut! I walked here from my hotel Palms Place. Little over a mile and totally justified eating this donut. Maybe I'll have two!! :) place is very nondescript. Lovely Asian couple run it. $7.50 for a dozen.  .60crents each.  In Chinatown which is another part of Vegas interesting to see.  Definitely worth a visit.
5	Fresh and tasty what more is there to say? Great assortment of donuts no matter what time you go!
4	We made 3 visits to Ronald's for the world's best apple fritters over the course of our 2- week vacation.
4	I LOVE Ronald's Donuts.This is my mom's number 1 place to go for donuts even though we don't live in this area. The case is always fully stocked with fresh doughnuts when we go (we always go in the morning). She always gets a dozen of their fluffy and perfectly glazed doughnut holes and I always get a chocolate rainbow sprinkled doughnut, perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. There are always a few regulars eating inside when we go. You can tell they've been regulars for a while because they address the people working there by their names and start asking them things like, "so how are the kids?" If I lived in the area and went here a lot, I'd probably be inviting them over for dinner. They're THAT personable and their doughnuts are THAT good ;)
5	Ronald's donuts are AMAZING but buyer be warned:  they only take cash.  But soooo worth it!
4	Can you believe they make vegan doughnuts!  Well... they do and they are super delicious.  On the roadtrip back to Ohio, they were open already 6:00 a.m., happily to serve and sell.A must try for all you die hard doughnut lovers!!!
5	Simply the best, freshest, and most affordable donuts in Vegas.
5	I was ecstatic when I heard about Ronald's Donuts having a large selection of vegan donuts! Besides one doze-off in the car I was up all night long with thoughts of eating those donuts on my mind. I mean, being vegan it'd been years since I'd had a convenient donut. Upon walking in I noticed the interior and atmosphere of the place was much like any other donut shop with old men sipping coffee and reading newspapers. Contained in a glass enclosure were long shelves full of donuts with the top two shelves displaying a wide selection of all vegan donuts. So you see this wasn't a pansy excuse with one or two vegan options...there were many to choose from. I told the lady behind the counter that I wanted an assortment so I chose the big empty pink box and began pointing at donuts. ...But oh no the box began to fill! I became overwhelmed, I just couldn't decide. How could I leave some out...I wanted one of everything! The lady noticed my confusion perhaps and began picking up donuts and looking at me while pointing them towards the box. What!? Was I being too slow? How could she possibly expect me to make these decisions quickly? I gave into her though from pure mental exhaustion, haha, and nodded my head yes to each of her suggestions. I ended up with a nice selection of sweets and they were delicious. I took one bite from each donut first and then carelessly gorged myself.
5	A wonderful throwback in a city that constantly reinvents itself, Ronald's Donuts reminded me of the donut shop of my childhood, where the hard plastic seats caused back spasms but you could sit for hours anyways, thanks to the magical healing properties of all that fried, sweet dough. On my last visit to Vegas I was up before the crack of noon and decided to leave my hotel's property to sample some of the local cuisine. A quick yelp check yielded Ronald's and I made the short trip into Chinatown. I'm convinced that every donut shop in the world has a group of senior citizens talking about the day's news and Ronald's was no exception. As I walked in, the regulars had their coffees in hand, their daily discussion well under way.I loved the shop's retro-but-not-hipster ambience and ordered a cinnamon twist and large coffee. The doughnut was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, with the right amount of cinnamon sweetness throughout; it was the perfect complement to a hot cup of coffee.This was a great getaway from the hustle-and-bustle of the Las Vegas Strip: relaxing, inexpensive, and a delicious way to recharge your batteries before/after a night of Sin City debauchery.
5	It seems senseless to add yet another 5-star review to the galaxy of raves on Yelp, but I just came back from Las Vegas, and three visits to Ronald's, and introducing six different friends, and all I can say is that I bow before the greatness that is Ronald's.  But I have to put in a plug for my two favorite items at Ronald's, which for some reason seem to be given short shrift here:  the maple cake donuts; and the incomparable buttermilk bars.  The former is as soft and lush as a silk; the latter has the crunch of a perfectly roasted almond.  Even if the donuts weren't as good, I'd go just to see the humble and warm owners, who seemed to be surprised there is any fuss.Doughnut Plant or Bob's might have more unusual offerings, but Ronald's donuts taste much better, with the kind of service that money can't buy.
5	Finally tried Ronald's Donuts.  have heard so many great things about the donuts made here from Nelson and Sylvia Q.First and foremost, I have a thing for donut.  Indeed, it is my weakness.  I have been to many donut shops but I must say that Ronald's Donuts is on the top of the list.  I ordered 4 buttermilk and one raspberry filled donuts, all for under $5.  I was very happy with my good buy.  Those donuts were so much bigger compared to other donut shops.On top of that, Ronald and his wife are so nice.  I love Ronald's Donuts.  I am so glad I don't live blocks away because I will sure to eat it everyday...
5	It was 445pm on Christmas Eve and we really wanted to check out the Vegan donuts from Ronald's so before we head over there, we called him to make sure it was open. He was but informed us that they were closing since most of his donuts for the day were gone. I asked him if he can stay open for another 10 minutes so I can at least try try them and maybe get a dozen for my friend who is vegan. He happily stayed open and even gave us extra donuts. The Asian  man (I think the owner) was super nice, polite and generous.  The place was clean, tidy and a nice mom & pop place. Oh and I used their bathroom in the back and saw how clean it is back there too. 5 stars all the way!
4	VEGAN donuts?! WHAT?! I find it funny that this place doesn't advertise it or even mention it anywhere in the shop. How did people even find out about it? It's a pretty sweet deal, but it makes me wonder why other donut places can't just make their donuts vegan too, for chrissake?! They're yeast donuts that are vegan, but taste like regular freakin' donuts.When you ask them which are vegan, they point out the top two rows in their case. The only rows on the bottom are actually just cake donuts. Not bothered though. Those are pretty easy to make at home.I'm from LA - why don't we have a place like this that?! Not fair!
5	Buttermilk donuts! That's all I go there for.
5	Krispy-what?!On a recent Vegas trip my friend who is vegan, asked me to pick up donuts for her because they are the one vegan donut place where the donuts taste like donuts. I picke up a few for myself. It's cash only so don't be like me and go on a donut rampage trying to buy the whole store to realize you need another $20. I had to walk a block to the ATM and the woman behind the counter held my stash for me and even threw in a few donut holes and was apologizing for the inconvenience. Inconvenience? Nah it's actually great I can't use my card or I will spend everything I have in the bank on these babies. I went on a donut binge afterwards and had the gnarliest stomachache but it was worth it!
5	I can't believe their doughnuts are vegan! The Boston Cremes are amazing. They also have soy milk for the coffee.
5	I will never eat another Krispy Kreme again! Ronald's, you ROCK! I am not Vegan, however I follow a lot of their "standards" because I eat clean. I heard about Ronald's through Yelp and could think of no better way to spend my "cheat day" than with having donuts. I was a little apprehensive with it being located in China Town. I figured I would walk in and see flavors I had never heard of. Not the case! I walked in around 1 PM (they close at 2) and was greeted by a warm, smiling Asian lady. I am assuming she is one of the owners. In front of me was a case, half full with donuts. I am a little sorry to say that sometimes the early bird gets the worm. I was so looking forward to a iced and sprinkled glazed donut, but they were all out. So instead I opted for a maple donut, a regular glazed, a custard filled chocolate iced, a cake donut with sprinkles, and 2 chocolate cake donuts with icing. All of this for $5! What a steal!I could hardly contain myself as I drove home with that little pink box sitting on my seat. The second I got in the house I started cutting pieces off every donut to sample them. Heaven in my mouth!!!! I am not usually a cake donut girl but their cake donuts are heavenly! The maple donut was one of the best I have ever had. All in all I didn't find one that I disliked. Thank you Ronald's for yet another spot I can add to my "cheat list"!
5	OMG....I can't believe they're Vegan! I really can't believe they don't advertise it. But the entire top two shelves are Vegan. Thats at least 3/4 of their selections. Don't be put off by the decor. A hip cool coffee shop it is not. But instead, a small mom and pop shop located in China Town. Be sure to try the Soy Custard filled donuts. Happy Eats.
5	Their vegan donuts are absolutely amazing!! Being vegan, donuts are really the only thing I ever miss and haven't found a vegan version of, but binging on a few of these filled my craving for the next few years! Apple fritters are my weakness and theirs tastes exactly like I remember! My non-vegan boyfriend also agreed with that. We got a big box and they were all delicious: maple bars, glazed, cinnamon rolls.  I will definitely visit this place again every time I come to vegas!
3	After a yummy lunch At Cafe De Japon we decided to stop by Ronald's which is just down the street and get a donut for dessert. I wanted to find out what all the rave reviews for Ronald's Donuts were about...When I walked in it was about 1:00pm and there was an old man reading a newspaper in what looked like an old building - with the decor you could easily date this place....The Donuts didn't scream at me -" Buy me I'm yummy"- they just looked like regular donuts. So, I figured maybe it's purely the taste that blows people away...So, we ordered a dozen glazed donut holes which was $1.00 - Awesome price!!!The bright colored donuts caught my eye so I got a sprinkle donut for my daughter, a red glazed cherry, and an orange glazed. I normally don't choose cake donuts but nothing else seemed interesting to me.Taste wise they just tasted like regular donuts.... I'm not Vegan so it didn't matter to me if they were Vegan or not. There were bits of orange zest in the glaze on the orange donut - I like seeing real fruit on fruity foods so that was nice.It would have been nice if the red donut was strawberry flavor with real bits of strawberry in the glaze. But, the cherry was just too sweet to enjoy....
5	These donuts are freaking awesome! The vegan donuts don't have that weird taste alot of vegan sweet foods have. It's sweet and tasty. I haven't been disappointed by anything from here. The prices are incredibly fair as well. Seriously the best donuts in town.
5	I was so happy to find this place.  The only donut experience with vegan options that my girl and I normally get is Voodoo, so we were stoked to find a vegan donut place in Vegas.  I had the most delicious apple fritter I've tasted in my life here, the chocolate soy custards were also fantastic, and the raspberry turnover was flaky and also great tasting.  I'd give Ronald's 10 stars if I could.  Terrific, terrific place and one of my first stops on my next Vegas trip.
5	Excellent service and excellent donuts. Come early for the freshest and largest selection.
5	We stayed at the cosmopolitan. Took a cab to Ronald's on Sunday morning at 9 AM (less traffic). Cost for round trip cab was about 30$ Cost for a dozen donuts ~ 14$.That means we paid 45$ for a dozen of their vegan donuts. My wife does not eat eggs, and therefore cannot have most donuts. We used to get donuts from Mighty O's in Seattle when I lived there. Those are made with palm oil, and honestly have a funny aftertaste.Ronald's are hand's down the BEST vegan donuts we have ever had. They taste like their milky/eggy counter parts. My favorite was the apple fritter, which was moist and sinful. The custard filled donut, I could not even tell the filling was made from soy cream. My wife was able to try a bear claw, which she has never had before.Honestly, the fact that I was willing to pay 45$ for donuts should tell you something. And they made my wife extremly happy. She packed them in her suitcase to take home.
5	Love Ronald's Donuts. I once bought a few dozen for a work meeting and everyone agreed. Vegan or not, these donuts are delicious. The owner even threw in a few donut holes for free since it was close to closing or maybe because she thought I was cute =P
5	I was recently eating my way through Las Vegas based on Yelp reviews for vegan food and I knew I had to make this a stop. HOLY MOLY, I have never experienced a classic small donut shop with such a variety of vegan donuts. I thought I was having heart palpitations when I walked in and she pointed to the top 2 rows and said they WERE ALL VEGAN. They were soooooo good too. They weren't like usual vegan donuts that are kind of heavy and thick and dry. These were like normal classic donuts I ate when I was little like long johns and sugar donuts. I couldn't believe it!!! I had to keep asking her if they were vegan b/c I was in disbelief. That day I ate 21 donuts, seriously. And I carried a whole big pink box back on the plane with me on my lap, hugging my 24 donuts all the way back to Chicago. And the sweet lady behind the counter gave me a free bag of donut holes b/c I was freaking out so much. And the place is SO CHEAP. It's such a cute little donut place with seniors drinking coffee and reading the newspaper you would never think the majority of the donuts were vegan.
5	!!! I wish they could FedEx me some ding-durned donuts every weekend. I asked. They won't. Their vegan donuts taste just like regular light, fluffy, sugary, lardy , decadent, yummy donuts. Of course they're not "healthy" but they have no animal products if that's your bag.
5	The best place for Apple Fritters-anywhere and ever. They only take cash:) and they do it quickly. If you need doughnuts-Ronalds is it!
5	I'm vegan so this place is especially great for me, but I make a point to take the short bus ride to Ron's every time I hit Vegas and stock up on some tasty and cheap donuts.  Incredible quality and value.
5	I LOVE YOU, Ronald's Donuts!!! Thank you for being vegan friendly and making my ass that much bigger =D
5	Best vegan doughnuts I've ever had. Apple fritter and the maple bar were my favorites. It's almost hard to believe they're vegan.
5	Vegan donuts!! Wooohooo. Ronald's has a nice selection of super tasty vegan donuts. Ever tried the dry/hard vegan donuts at Whole Foods? Go check out Ronald's, you will love it! He and his wife are nice...go support your local mom 'n pop spots!
5	Best doughnuts and pastries I've had in a decade, vegan or not! Doughnuts are moist, fluffy, and delicious, the pastries are delicate and flaky.  The selection is great, all excellent, choose your fancy and you'll be pleased.The service is very attentive and pleasing, prices are the average.I almost wish I lived in Vegas, I'd be there every day.Protip: Expect limited choices later in the day cause they go quick!
5	Best donuts ever! Seriously, they're better than Krispy Kreme... and they're vegan?! That's nuts.
4	We made 2 more visits on tour most trip sharing an apple fritter and buttermilk donut.  Ronald's continues to offer the best apple fritters in the land.
4	A vegan Boston-Cream filled chocolate glazed donut??? Yes, please!!!!!A classic little old school donut joint, including cheap coffee aroma and weirdly friendly random old man customer that tries to chat you up.Not classic at all in the sense that there are two huge shelves of VEGAN donuts!I got the above-mentioned cream filled donut and it was yummy. The donut part itself was actually a bit bland if you tasted it by itself , but the cream filling was rich and the chocolate glaze was sweet and chocolatey, so the total effect was pretty delish.The lady behind the counter said the Tiger Tail was her favorite and I wish I'd gotten one of those...it looked like a cinnamon roll and a donut had a very confused baby.Next time I'm in Vegas, this place might be as dangerous a lure as the craps tables!
5	Ronald's Donuts has been on my list of to try for about 3 years, but somehow I have never made it there.  The stars were aligned recently, and we were in the neighborhood to drop by.  So many to choose from, I was like a kid in a candy store.  I managed to put my tongue back in my mouth and picked out a half dozen assortment of donuts.  The assortment was delicious.  These were not skinny like your Krispy Kreme variety.  These were fluffy pieces of dreaminess.  [see picture]The bonus is that it's locally owned, not a major giant, so you get kind, warm and inviting service.  Goodbye Krispy Kreme.  Helloooo Ronald's Donuts!
5	Why aren't all donut places like this one?  Great taste and soft like they were recently made.
5	Ronald's Donuts are the bomb! I live on the other side of town but I always make sure to stop by if I am in the neighborhood. My favorite donuts are the donut holes and apple fritters. I am addicted to Ronald's Donuts. The donuts just melt in your mouth. It's hard to find vegan desserts in Vegas. But I am so happy I found this place on Yelp. And the amazing thing about it is that the donuts taste like regular donuts. I brought some donuts to work and my co-workers didn't even know the difference.
3	I begged my husband to come here prior to returning our rental car due to the reviews. If I was only reviewing the maple donut, I would say 10 stars out of five. The maple donut is absolute perfection - crispy on the outside, moist and cakey on the inside, and everything a donut should be. Next on my list in order of flavor was the cinnamon crumb donut, which was also pretty good. I tried the apple fritter based on the reviews here but found it entirely too greasy, almost as if it had been double-fried, and way too sweet. I could only take one bite. The coffee was also pretty bad. I think one other reviewer described it as "diner style" which I didn't realize was an insult until after I drank it. I'd come back here every week for maple and cinnamon crumb donuts, and maybe to try the old fashioned glazed, but I definitely wouldn't get the coffee or the apple fritter again.
5	Ronald's is my FAVORITE thing about Vegas. I luckily get to come to Vegas quite a bit for work and this is a MUST GO TO every time I'm here! Its not to far from the strip, the people who work there are incredibly nice, prices are cheap, and the donuts...I've been vegan for five years now, and being able to find a place that has VEGAN donuts, that are actually REALLY GOOD, is the greatest thing ever. Every donut I've tried has been amazing. I love the donut holes, boston cream, glazed, chocolate frosting, strawberry frosting, they are all incredible! I'm a coffee snob and didn't think the coffee was bad. Not great but not bad. I really liked that they had soy milk to put in it. I love Ronald's!!!!!! http://www.crosscountryvegan.com/2012/01/las-vegas-nv-ronalds-donuts.html
5	Vegetarian delights found here!
5	This is the diamond in the ruff, the locals secret spot for the best Donuts in Vegas. Try it once and you'll never go anywhere else.
4	Ronalds donuts are good and they even rival Dunkin Donuts. The portions are above average and at a great price. The Great thing like others have said is that it is open early (4am-4pm) and the service is friendly and quick. It's a cash only place which kinda leaves this place at a disadvantage.As for the taste Ronalds donuts is on my third place as Krispy Kreme being my first place and dunkin' donuts in second place (perhaps it'll change if I try others, hey yelp has R.D. in 3rd). It's better to get the donuts early because the donuts are just so fluffy and tender making you yearning for more plus I believe that's when the best donuts are made freshest because of the new oil.It does leave my finger tips a bit oily but it comes with the territory. I can slightly smell the oil that the donuts are dipped in but it's not a big deal. They're worth checkin out if your craving sweet donuts early in the morning.
4	Three visits during our 2-week vacation for apple fritters plus we added a buttermilk donut on one visit.  Uniformly fresh, delicious and bargain priced.
4	I have to admit their doughnuts are pretty good. I'm not a fan of cakey type doughnuts, but if you are, I suggest trying the coconut or cherry doughnuts. The apple burrito was tasty, along with the glazed, chocolate covered, sugared, and cinnamon twist flavors. The apple fritter was absolutely fantastic warmed up the day after, so I can only imagine having a fresh one out of their oven!
5	I've been vegan for a long time and have had all the vegan donuts from all the well-known vegan places from around the US.  Nothing comes even close to Ronald's.  Take Dunwell or Baby Cakes---especially Dunwell, who focuses on vegan donuts alone.  Donuts there are 3 to 4 times more expensive and at best half as good (and that's being generous).  Baby Cakes or Dunwell might have cute shops, and the ingredients are probably slightly more healthy (but if you're eating a donut, who cares?), but they could take a huge lesson from the humble yet delicious donut shop that is Ronald's Donuts.
4	Dozen of donuts hole for a dollar? Heck Yeah! Don't forget the fruits filled one too, they are SWEET! Forget about your chain donuts places. Do Local! Thought about bringing a dozen back home on the plane if wasn't for all the security.
5	Thank you, Ronald's. Well, thank you Dad for bring me a DOZEN Vegan donuts all the way from Vegas. Isn't my dad the greatest!? He picked them up on his recent visit. Not sure how he was able to control himself... and not eat them all on the drive into Los Angeles. Well, okay, he ate one. And he said "they taste the same as regular donuts..." haha. So... let me review... The Vegan cinnamon rolls. AMAZING. Vegan glazed twists - AMAZING. Vegan raspberry filled - AMAZING. Vegan cinnamon buns with nuts on top - Very good, but I enjoyed the cinnamon rolls a little more. Vegan Apple Fritters, very good.... I am just a sucker for those Cinnamon rolls. Everything was great. I would say I overdosed... but, um, I still want more. So... they were all really good. And, great prices. I called the day before to confirm hours and Vegan options. They were so friendly and helpful. 5 STARS. 10 STARS. Thank you, Ronald's. And, thanks again, Dad. :)
5	This lovely little, family owned business is the perfect place to get a delicious donut, especially if you are vegan!  They have two shelves full of totally vegan donut choices, from traditional chocolate glazed or raspberry filled to apple fritters and plenty of other choices. We couldn't find a vegan donut anywhere in SoCal, so we were pleasantly surprised to find this little gem in Vegas!  The chocolate glazed, soy custard filled donut blew our minds, and only for $1. Whoa! We'll be back for sure.
4	Because these donuts are "vegan", you somehow feel healthier eating them (at least that's what I tell myself!).  Super nice employees put a box together for me (I was driving from California and knew that by the time I got there, mostly what I wanted would be gone).  So I called them and they were gracious enough to have them ready for me when I got there at 3 pm.  I think my favorites are the orange cake and the cinnamon twist.  But they are all delicious.  And priced right when you consider their enormous size.  Cash only.
5	This little donut shop smells like what I imagine the aroma of heaven might be.  For a Sunday morning I expected them to be much busier, but there was only one person before us in line.  The man behind the counter assisted us in picked out a dozen, as well as a dozen donut holes (for just $1!)  My total came out to $14... a dozen is listed at around $8, but I did get many specialty donuts such as apple fritters, a gigantic cinnamon bun covered in maple and peanuts, plus two large cinnamon twists.  I definitely got a good deal.  The donuts were quite tasty.  My favorite was the apple fritter.  I can't wait to go back soon and try out the donuts I have not tried yet!P.S. Cash only!
4	Vegan donuts, yes please.  I visited here on a recent trip to Vegas.  The smell of a donut shop was one I had not experienced since my omnivore days.  I think the proprietor could bottle that smell and sell it as a perfume.Joining me was my husband, kids, nephew and niece.  My nephew took a bite of a donut and exclaimed that the joy rivaled Christmas Day when he opened his Nintendo.The top two rows of the case were all vegan donuts, including soy custard filled.  They were fresh, soft, doughy, delicious.  Also available were donut holes, 10 cents each or $1.00 for a dozen.  So we had a dozen donuts, a dozen donut holes, and some beverages for four people and our total was about $13.00.  Very affordable for pure nirvana.We enjoyed our donuts in house.  I only wish they offered some soy or rice milk to enjoy the donuts with but hey, with donuts this good, it was a win for me all the way around.  This shop is off strip but worth searching for.  It is in Chinatown area and if you are vegan, have lunch nearby in one of the many eateries.  Thanks Ronald's Donuts, we will be dreaming about you until our next trip to Vegas.
5	Doing an updated 5-star of this place because they deserved two.These are the best donuts I've ever had in my life, and I live in the city that has Voodoo.  I love them too for their quirkiness and design, but Ronald's kicks their asses hard in taste.  They're unbeatable.  There really isn't a bad donut here, the vegan donut holes are extremely cheap and the family that owns it is so friendly.  We got a dozen different vegan donuts and a bag of donut holes and devoured most of them in a day.  This is my first stop every time I come to Vegas for good reason.  It might just be my favorite dessert/pastry place in the world.
4	Mmmmm finally had to check out what all the fuss was about with Ronald's donuts!One morning I was in the mood for donuts and Ronald's is what popped in my head.I usually am not a sweet breakfast type of gal, however I was craving something sweet, soft and doughy so donuts it was!We got a dozen, the most economic way to go and more than enough to split up between a few of us.The donuts are fresh and guranteed good to satisfy anyone who may have a love for these deep fried sweet treats!We liked them all and our dozen consisted of the following:Maple barsChocolate barscherry cakeorange cakeglazed roundsugar roundchocolate on chocolate devil's food cakeEnjoy!
5	I have only been here twice... But I have also only been to Vegas (for longer than a moment) twice in the last couple years.  But I will come here every single time I'm in Vegas from here on out.  Super pleased the first time... ooooh! Yummy vegan donuts in Vegas?!?! yay!  But the second visit turned me into a life long fan.  My dad took my side of the wedding party and my hubs here for breakfast... He bought two dozen donuts.. So they gave us a bag of vegan donut holes for free.  The donuts were so delicious.. So real... Like what I've been missing since I became vegan many, many years ago.  Voodoo has good, silly donuts.. but the sweetener or something they use always leaves me with a belly ache.. Not Ronald's.  I ate these for a few days after we got our dozens... So so so so good!Yay for Ronald's!! Go here for cheap, delicious donuts.. And if you are vegan... it is a mandatory stop, friends.  Do it!
4	Indeed, the best doughnuts in Vegas...and they're vegan! I love their apple fritter, bear claw, tiger tail and cream-filled. They only take cash but the owners are there everyday - very nice people.
3	After many dozens of trips to Vegas I finally made it out here.  Got there around 3 pm so most of the goodies were gone.  Still had the twist and cinnamon twist donuts.  Both were huge.  The texture and overall eating experience was good.  I had Krispy Kreme originals that were right out of the grease the next day.  Ronald's is right up there with them in quality and taste.  Would I go out of my way to go here again?  Probably not, but his wife was really nice and gave me a discount (2 dollars total) to boot!  Probably because there were no choices left.
5	A friend told me about this place, and I did not believe it existed!I've been a vegetarian for 15 years and do not eat egg. I've never been a huge donut eater ..but boy do I love desserts! I went during the day and the lady of the shop assisted me. She was nice and quiet and asked if we had been before. We informed her that it was our first time and she patiently waited as I took forever to decide which vegan donuts I wanted. As my friend and I paid for our donuts, the lady of the shop handed us two little bags of fresh donut holes! I was so surprised! Mom&Pop shops continue to amaze me! The fresh donuts holes very tasty! The dozen I took home was good as well. I look forward to going back ..I just hope they have devil's food for the vegan donuts haha = )!!
3	I've only tried them a couple of times.  Maybe, I've gone there at the wrong times cause the donuts taste just okay to me.  Apple fritters are my all-time favorite donuts, and Ronalds did not impress me.  The various vegan donuts I tried tasted like regular donuts so at least Ronalds donuts are healthier!  I'll still try them again in the future cause they've got a lot of fans.
5	They are big, moist, and melt in your mouth good! (That's what she said!)Easily the best donuts in Las Vegas. Ronald's has never disappointed me in the last 4 years that I have been eating donuts from there. I have never had the experience of buying a stale or day old donut. I read in the another review that someone said they easily compare to DD. But IMO, you can't even put these two donut chains in the same league because Ronald's easily will blow Dunkin Donuts out of the water. I challenge you to blind tasting any day.These donuts are always soft and moist, flavorful, and downright some of the best delectable you will ever put in your mouth. I love Ronald's because the glazes are never too sweet, the cake donuts never to dry, the cinnamon rolls are big enough to feed a small family, the yeast donuts are just on point.Ronald's does not disappoint. Just don't go here expecting to use your debit or credit card. This joint is CASH ONLY!
5	If I live in Vegas, I would make a donut run here every morning.
5	I severely limit my intake of bovine (cows) milk, so when I heard about Ronald's donuts vegan donuts I had to have one.After scoffing at the name (McDonald's anyone?) I found that their vegan donuts are amazing. If you are vegan and have not tried this donuts, stop what you are doing and head to this store.Tastes like Krispy Kreme. =D
4	I like Ronald's because they are one of few places that does anything vegan. I'm not a vegan - but I am lactose intolerant. So this is great! I will say, though, in the end, a donut is a donut is a donut. These are just vegan, and buying them is cheap and supports local business. This is good.
4	Love the smell of fresh donuts!  We are heading out of town and stopped in at 5am, the shelves are full, and we are hungry.  We each pick, making a dozen, and leave with our selections.  Somewhere past the speedway, heading to the North Rim of the Grand Canyon, we open the box.  Wow how fresh are these!My favorite is the chocolate glazed, it's almost melting in my mouth.  The dough is light and airy, and the chocolate is really smooth.  I also got the apple fritter.  Sometimes they can taste a little oily, but not this one.  And the bits of apple just the right size.Great trip, and the box lasted the whole day.  By the time we were heading home, we threw out the empty box, very satisfied with our donut fix!
4	Why spend 99 cents for a donut at the grocery store when you can get easily one of the best donuts in Las Vegas for only 80 cents here! Tried this place on a whim. I was. a firm believer that there was no happy medium between light and fluffy of krispy kreme and heavy and filling of dunkin donuts. Ronald's Donuts is the happy medium!!! Light but with just the right amount of density where you can eat 2 and be completely satisfied. Instead of 6 krispy kreme to make a dent in your stomach or 1 dunkin donut followed by a laxative to make sure youre feeling regular if you know what I mean. Try this place your tastebuds and tummy will thank you!!!
5	Without a doubt, the BEST DONUTS EVER. Forget that they're vegan, I'm not even a vegan, and these are better than any donut I've had vegan or not.  My favorites: the plain glazed, donut holes, the apple fritter, and the AMAZING soy cream filled ones. I'm starting to salivate at the thought. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be stopping here everyday.
2	Vegas must be seriously hard up for some donuts if this is considered the best place in the city. We got the much raved-about apple fritter and a cinnamon twist, and they were below supermarket quality. They were a waste of calories which is why I usually avoid donuts in the first place. Based on the reviews, I thought the Ronald's would be exceptional.The coffee was godawful. It was our first coffee of the morning which is always badly needed, but we couldn't get down more than a few sips.Service was friendly, and prices were good, however.
4	Vegan fuckin' donuts dude.Every other donut bakes up wishing it could be these donuts. This will be the best thing you put in your mouth in the mornings before work or the mornings after partying on the strip (or you know, both at the same time). Best thing - I don't care how good your lover is, BEST THING YOU'LL PUT IN YOUR MOUTH THAT MORNING.They're fresh. They're served with a smile. They're super inexpensive. They're delicious. They're VEGAN. Nomnomnomnom is the only actual necessary words. I had to write this review hours after eating there, because literally I spend the last several hours going "nomnomnomnom" until my brain remembered it had other thoughts.You know when you fall in love and all you have is stupid romantical thoughts about your new love interest while you're supposed to be doing things like working or grocery shopping or being an adult in general? Yep, that's how I feel after Ronald's Donuts. I was thinking of writing them poetry. Maybe I will.NOMNOMNOMNOMNOM.
5	This place is fabulous, and look I'm number 300!!
5	Very, Very good (great) donuts!!!
4	No trip to Las Vegas would be complete without at least one visit for the apple fritter and cake donut.
4	Yum. I'm not a huge donut person, but my daughter is allergic to milk and I'm always looking for places where she can have a treat. The raised donuts here are vegan (but the cake ones are not) and she was so excited to be able to eat what everyone else was eating. I never would have known these weren't regular old donuts...they were perfect! We had a big cinnamon roll, a maple bar, a glazed, and a (non-vegan) buttermilk. All of them were great! It's a bit of a trek for us, but this is a great option for a special treat. Thanks for the CASH ONLY heads up, yelpers!
5	This tiny little donut shop is the best! When driving through Chinatown you could easily miss it. They have their own parking lot and indoor seating where you can enjoy your donuts. The staff is very friendly and helpful.I was stoked to come to this place because the two top rows all vegan and amazing!! They also carry soymilk so all the vegan visitors can enjoy their donuts the right way! I got a dozen donuts and donut holes also. I pretty much ate the entire box to myself throughout the day. I will definitely go back every time I visit Vegas. =)
5	This tiny little donut shop is the best!
5	Love this place. Stop here once a week.
4	After a long night of shopping, my cousin convinced me to stopped by Ronald's. I personally am a little freaked out by the Vegan thing, but I figured I'd give it a try. We went on Black Friday, and got there at around 3:30 am. The place was completely dark. A sign on the door stated that they were closed on Thursday. They finally arrived at about 3:57, and viola...  a case full on donuts. Kinda strange since they were closed the day before. I'm guessing we indulged on Tuesday's donuts.We purchased apple fritters, cinnamon rolls, glazed twists, and donut holes. The donuts were good! I wasn't so crazy about the apple fritter. It was my first time trying a fritter. Perhaps it's just not my kind of donut. If you're Vegan, I say go. If not, I say go if you're in the neighborhood. The owner was really nice, and the prices are reasonable.
5	Uuuhhhh that's me as I lay here in a diabetic coma from over eating the crap out of some chocolate glazed donuts, throw in a glazed twist, oh yeah go ahead and add fritter while you're at it. Don't mind if I do. My pancreas is screaming at me. Someone please wipe the drool. I am in no way a donut lover by any means, I could take them or leave them, I don't get excited when the "hot & fresh" sign is lit up like the rest of the population, but Ronald has made me a changed woman. Heard about these vegan treats & stopped in early afternoon, my donuts were soft, fresh and delightful. Don't know if they make them throughout the day or what but I was amazed at how soft they were. I've been thinking about these darn donuts since I finished my last one. Thankfully I'm not diabetic and my teeth haven't rotted out of my head from my sweet teeth (I don't have just one sweet tooth) so I will be returning to see Ronald in the near future for another afternoon delight. After all, vegan donuts are considered health food, right?
4	Great donuts, that said donuts are hard to screw up! The key here of course is the fact they are vegan yet taste the same as any other donut. Great for people like my nephew who are allergic to dairy
4	Been coming to Ronald's Donuts off and on for the last 2 years and I never even knew it.  I usually keep it simple, just a maple bar.  That's it.  Couple of times I get the bear claw w/nuts and some of their Vegan donuts.  To be honest, never knew the that the donuts I recently had were vegan donuts.  Something about these donuts that I just can't figure out.  The donut shop and their donuts look like other donuts that I have tasted out there, but these are much better. Some of these donuts are even a lot bigger.  From taste, texture, and all out freshness, Ronald's always hits the spot.  At other donut shops, the donuts begin to stale out after 12 pm. Not at Ronald's, theirs are always fresh. Like I stated earlier, been coming here off and on for the last couple of years.  Always came out here out of convenience because it's an easy in and out.  Also, they are rarely packed and the selection is always good.  I recently ran a search for a good donut shop and found Ronald's.  I immediately bookmarked it and input their address into my GPS.  To my surprise, it's the same donut shop I've been going to.  Like all other Yelpers have stated already...some of the best donuts in Las Vegas.  One issue, a dozen doesn't usually doesn't make it home safe.  I always find a way to eat at least one in the parking lot, one at the next stop light, and on the freeway on the way home.  Yes...that good.
5	I LOVE RONALDS!!!! I went to Vegas for my bachlorette party in June and had my Maid of Honor get them to meet us at the airport!
4	My mom took me here every weekend when I was a wee little thing. I don't really remember my trips to this hole-in-the-wall, but I guess there was a reason why she did. While on my diet, I had a huge craving for donuts for a couple days. I flipped a U-turn while driving down Spring Mountain and made my way into this mom and pop shop. There was a group of 6 in front of me, biting into their donuts with a huge smiles on their faces. This made me salivate. Finally, it was my turn! I ordered a half a dozen of assorted donuts. The nice lady added a free scoopful of glazed donut holes on top of my donuts. I felt so special. I got to the register to pay for my donuts. I tried paying with my debit card, but this place is cash only. I had to drive to the bank down the street to get some cash money to pay this lady in exchange for my box of goodness. But let me tell you, IT WAS WORTH IT!Apparently, most of their donuts are vegan. The only ones that aren't are their cake donuts. Vegan or no vegan, these donuts were spec-freaking-tacular! So light and airy. Didn't feel overwhelming. I'm not sure which donut was my favorite - the simple glazed donut was as equally delicious as the fancy bear claw. In reality, I'm rating this gem a 4.5/5. I had to dock off half a point because they don't accept debit/credit cards. My diet is now over and done with. Ronald's Donuts for the win!
5	I love real donut shops. Not the mega chains that have taken over. There is a difference between a chain and real mom and pop donut shop. I'll always choose the mom and pop establishment. If you come here don't expect high end gourmet donuts. They sell your average donuts that most of us grew up with before Dunkin Donuts and Krispy Kreme, but the top two rows are claimed to be vegan. And I must say, they are delicious!
2	"In God we trust. All others pay cash." I love a good donut and burger. What can I say I'm simple. Being from NC, the home of Krispy Kreme, I've become very good at spotting them. Ronalds has the hype and I don't think are the best. I usually go for a variety of em in one go- a regular glazed, apple fritter, twister and cinnamon roll.  The whole lot were pretty dry and lacked flavor the subtle flavor of yeast and buttermilk that I find at Winchells and Real Donut #1.Also, they only take cash and close at 3 p.m.
4	I headed to Ronald's after reading numerous Yelp reviews saying this place had the best donuts in town.  I had my doubts.  The group love of this place seemed like a crowd delusion.I thought everyone was getting sucked into the hype, because . . . I mean, c'mon, there's only one donut in the world worth eating: the chocolate frosted raised donut.  And given that every donut shop carries the chocolate raised, I figured it was easy to make.  But . . . wow, Ronald's offers up some great stuff. The chocolate raised donut here is simply awesome.  And I may have also ordered a cruller and a jelly-filled and an eclair and a bear claw.  Each one was inferior to the chocolate glazed but also damn delicious. Lots of people love to talk about how Ronald's offers vegan donuts.  I couldn't really care about the use of animal products in baked goods, but if the basis of the tastiness is no animal products, sign me up as a donut vegan.  [Cash only here]
4	Only the top two rows of doughnuts are vegan!I wish I had known that going in there because I was buying donuts for vegan friends. Bummer.
5	I love Ronald's Doughnuts! I used to be vegan and when I heard that there was a vegan doughnut shop in Vegas I had to try them.  The first time I had Ronald's Doughnuts I tried a variety.  The one that stuck out as being (and I can honestly say this with a straight face) the best doughnut of all time, is the apple fritter. It's like heaven in your mouth. It's crispy, gooey melt-in-your-mouth apple goodness. So the next time I traveled to Vegas, I bought a dozen to take home to my non-vegan family. They loved them as much as I did.I am not a vegan anymore but in the past 5 years, I have not taken a trip to Las Vegas without stopping by Ronald's Doughnuts on the way in and on the way home.  My family does the same thing when they go to Vegas.  Again, I love Ronald's Doughnuts!
4	Attention sprinkled donut lovers: this place is for you!I have been living in Vegas for 2 years now and have not tried Ronald's Donuts until today. I have driven past the shop on Spring Mountain many many times, but just never had the time, or could not make it during their business hours. Today was one of those days where I woke up super early and had some time to kill before going to work. I was craving a donut to go with my coffee and thought, I think I'll stop at Ronald's!When I walked in, there were a few people who were enjoying their treats and coffee while reading the newspaper. There was no line, which was awesome. The lady behind the counter was very nice and friendly, with a big smile on her face the entire time. As I was deciding what to get, she explained to me that the top 2 rows were vegan. I got one rainbow sprinkled donut, and a dozen of the vegan glazed donut holes. I took a bite of the sprinkled donut while driving to work, and wow, after that I just could not put it down! This was definitely one of the best tasting donuts I have had in a while. The cake donut was slightly crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Very unique and different from the usual items that I get from Krispy Kreme. The icing and sprinkles were just right, not overly sweet. Let's just say I regret not buying a few more!The vegan donut holes were good, but nothing special. I could not tell that they were vegan because they tasted like your standard donut holes. Prices were very good. I paid a total of $1.80. Awesome! I was very surprised. I even had my $10 bill ready before she gave me my total.I'm actually glad this place is not close to my house because if it was, I would get into some serious trouble! But, I'll definitely be back for my sprinkled donut!!Cash Only.
5	Their vegan donuts are incredibly delicious! I bought one of everything just to try them out. Lol. I couldn't even taste the difference!! They are that good!!! My favorite ones so far are with the creme fillings and anything that has chocolate. Got a dozen and a half more to go. Yum!As for their customer service... It was top notch! My little one fell asleep in the car and I asked if I could place an order and pick up --drive through style. The owner happily accommodated my request. Great food and fantastic customer service!!
1	I went here this morning looking for Vegan donuts after reading several reviews. The place is small, and there is not much of a selection of donuts. Mostly just the basics - glazed, twists, bars, and some cake donuts with various frostings.There is no signage indicating that anything is vegan, and when I asked the guy behind the counter he didn't seem to get what I was asking. It seemed like I had to ask about every donut, and after asking the second and third times I realized I didn't believe him about the vegan varieties.I left without buying anything, and will not go back.
5	I'm not a vegan and I had no idea there was even an option to get vegan donuts so this place was a pleasant surprise. One of my vegan friends decided to try this place out so we stopped by here before heading home from Vegas. We ordered very single type of vegan donut they had and to my surprise, it tasted exactly like any other sugary donut! Delicious! The customer service was impeccable! I really didn't expect much since it's a small donut shop and all, but the girl behind the counter was really sweet.
4	It was 3:40am on a vegas morning, what better to start off the day than deep throating some glazed twists at a mom & pop donut store?My buddy and I got here at about 4:10 in the morning and it was packed initially but soon after it was empty within 5 minutes.The store has such a vintage feel to it, you almost feel like you're in the 80's.  The shop is owned by a genial asian couple who didn't make you feel rushed to order something and leave.  They were very patient and compliant with all my questions and even though my friend dropped his hot chocolate all over the counter and in his donut; they quickly took care of the situation and gave my buddy a new cup of hot cocoa and a new donut. SERVICE! A+The top two racks are the vegan donuts.  I got some cinnamon glazed twist, but the apple fritter also looked very good (i'll have to get it next time). CASH ONLY!The donut itself wasn't overly rich.  There was a nice blend of sweetness and bread. It was also pretty big considering how much you pay for it.  The only drawback: I assumed coming right when they opened the donuts would be warm but sadly it was pretty cold.Overall; Simple donut shop, awesome customer service, an option for the vegan conscious but cold donuts.
5	Place is a delicious mom and pops shop. bring cash.
4	The best apple fritters i have ever eaten. And the vegan donuts taste great. Small hole in the wall donut shop that puts out GREAT donuts with fabulous vegan options for everyone.
5	Vegan donuts!?  That doesn't sound too good.  I was wrong.  I asked the lady behind the counter what is a vegan donut, since I am an ignorant meat eater.  A vegan donut is a donut made with no egg or dairy.  The donuts were amazing.  It taste better than many mom and pop donut shops that do use egg and dairy in their donuts.
4	Went here for the first time on my way to the LV Superstore recently.The donuts were inexpensive. I will say it is a good value for the product. Food quality was definitely there. The place was fairly crowded while we were there.The donut selection is pretty small I would say. Was hoping to have some over-the-top flavor that only Ronald's would carry. Alas, there was none. They carry the basics and that is about it.However, I would go back on my way to the Asian market again. Wouldn't make a trip over there exclusively for Ronald's (It isn't FIVE stars). But, Ronald's is a solid 4 star donut shop in Vegas.
5	One word, AMAZING!! Who would've thought vegan donuts would be good..., I mean GREAT!!!
5	I love that Ronald's Donuts exists!!! Thank (insert deity here) they don't have one in LA or I'd be headed to Jenny Craig.
5	These are what I call 'stupid good' donuts. Especially the apple fritters.
4	The only bakery/restaurant we visit every trip is Ronald's because of the awesomeapple fritters.  We normally share an apple fritter and sometimes a crown donut, but on this trip we indulged by each having our own apple fritter.  LOL  Wow - consistentlyexcellent.
5	BEST (vegan)donuts in town..Every donuts in the shop is amazing. Worth the visit and great family owned restaurant.Couldn't be anymore simple than that. GO! NOW!
5	Ronald's donuts is my absolute favorite place for a sweet treat! Their delicious donuts are vegan, (and, for those of you who aren't vegan, you'll be thrilled to find that these are exactly the right texture and flavor you expect from a donut). The shop is easy to overlook, in a city that's flashy, but make sure not to miss it!
4	I have three favorite donut shops and I already reviewed the other two so I won't mention them here. This place has awesome donuts! In my opinion it's shop like these that put the chains to shame. The only thing dunkins has is their coffee... that is it. Good stuff... come here and get some donuts, then drop them off at my work!
5	I already love donuts, especially doughy ones (as opposed to the cakey ones). And my roomate saw on Instagram that this place was Vegan-friendly, he was ridiculously excited about them.We went to get some donuts (post-Pilates, mind you) and they have 2 rows worth of vegan donuts. I got my usual choco donut; and my roomie got glazed and a dozen donut holes. All were less than $5, I think.And they tasted like Winchell's Donuts, which are my favorite. Deeeeeee-licious and cheap....just the way I liiiiiiiike it =)
5	We love donuts, and yes, we would marry them if we could. My family is vegan and have abstained from the sweet treat for six years because we suck at homemade donuts(thats another story). When we heard about this place, we flatlined. Not only are they serving Vegan-friendly donuts, they also happen to be a headquarters for deliciousness. The cream-filled donuts are positively decadent! We recently created a "birthday cake" with a one dozen variety for a special someone's special day. Better than traditional birthday cake. I'll post a pic :) Don't miss this place if you are in town, vegan or not, you will be an instant addict...
5	all i have to say is... these are the best doughnuts i have ever had!!!!
5	Love Ronald's Donuts!!  If someone never told me these donuts were vegan, I would never have known. I will recommend Ronald's to everyone!!
4	I think everyone can agree that the doughnut is the new cupcake.  Saveur magazine recently put out a list of the best doughnut shops in the US, and Ronald's of course was one of them.  This bakery is located in Chinatown, in a strip mall, and still, there was a constant rush of people coming in for a dozen doughnuts.  What sets Ronald's apart from amazing doughnut bakeries like, the doughnut vault, or doughnut plant is the price.  At the ladder spots, you might pay $2.50 to $3.50, which i thought was pretty standard.  At Ronald's, i ordered a glazed yeasted doughnut, and an old fashion, and it cost $1.90, for two.  It really was a perfect doughnut.  These days we do not take the art of baking seriously enough and are accustomed to places like dunkin doughnuts, or Tim Hortons (for all of you Canadians).  Hats off to you, Ronald's.
5	Fantastic service with great prices! Its hard to find a good local bakery these days with growing commercial franchises consuming the cities but this bakery hits the spot! The bakery radiates a warm, at home feeling familiar to a local bakeshop when I was a child. Try the donut holes! Only $1/dozen! And the Vegan donuts which is what they are known for. Great business! :)
4	The apple fritter definitely lives up to the hype.
5	If there was a heaven for vegans, this would be it. These donuts are incredible and would fool any non-vegan. Soy cream filled, glazed, sugar... so delicious! They are also very inexpensive.
5	So. Good.As everyone's said, CASH only. So be prepared going in.The donuts are epically awesome. They are the perfect size, not overly huge but not too small either. The donuts have a wonderfully crispy outside but are light and fluffy on the inside. The glazes aren't too sweet and are flavored well.I'm not a sweets person, but these donuts are amazing. I'm definitely spoiled now and Ronald's has set a new bar for donuts that will be hard to beat.
5	Okay, best donuts I've had in my entire life! I went here for the first time today and I already feel compelled to write a review about these fabulous donuts. I can honestly say that every other donut I have before has now pales in comparison to a donut from Ronald's. I got a dozen and ate 2 in the car on the way home.... I was lucky enough to come at a time where they had just been made so they were still warm, perfection. That cute little Asian lady really knows how to make the shit outta those donuts.... and they're vegan?!Mind you vegan places usually aren't my first choice, I love meat, fish, dairy products, etc. but since I've moved to Vegas I've been warming up to eating at more vegan friendly places. When I lived in orange county I tried a few places but found the found to be kind of bland. The vegan places I've tried here, fresh mama, perfect scoop, and now Ronald's have all been fantastic and full of flavor! I cant wait to try the apple fritter next time. I heard so many good things about this place so I had to try it, and they defiantly live up to the hype. I could rave about these donuts all day! They only take cash so make sure bring some!
5	AwwwwwwMAZING!!! I could eat a dozen on my own! So bomb! I'm not a vegan, and these donuts don't taste odd, weird, or hippie. Wish I had some right now! Definitely take the drive to china town because its so worth it! Make sure you bring cash, no debit machine. PS 1 dozen donut holes for a buck! Yummy!
5	Oh how I wish this shop were in Washington DC! Or even that they still had a kiosk somewhere on the Vegas strip. Their current location requires a drive. There are two entire shelves FULL for at least a dozen varieties of VEGAN donuts.  And they taste every bit as good as any other donut shop - so non-vegans won't notice a thing. Cheap, too.
4	Ronald's offers delicious donuts and friendly service every time. I love that they offer a variety of vegan options (the top two rows, occasionally some trays on the bottom row, so I ask each time just to make sure). Regardless of whether you follow a vegan diet or not, I would recommend this place if you're in the mood for something sweet and cheap. Try the donut holes, a dozen for a dollar!
4	First off, WOW! My friends and I were in Vegas for vacation and, in search of breakfast one morning, managed to spot this on the road. 4 girls and 1 guy completely starving so we ordered a dozen donuts...$7, what?! Do you know what $7 gets you on the east coast? Possibly 2 donuts and a medium coffee. These donuts were fresh and my goodness were they delicious! My favorite was the lemon filled. Not too sweet but still had the tartness of lemons, yum. It would usually be jelly but I didn't really like the jelly they used which would probably be why this wasn't 5 stars. If we had these on the east coast, I would definitely be a regular, possibly even ask them to adopt me...why not?
3	Our three visits during our recent 2-week vacation did not disappoint.  We had 3 apple fritters which continue to be the best though one was slightly dry.  A crown donut was also excellent as well.  Lastly, we tried a jelly donut which was fresh but nothing out of the ordinary.
5	Seriously good donuts. You're not going to find a peanut butter donut with bacon here but what you will find is a large selection of traditional donuts that are absolutely delicious. They have the best apple fritter I've found in town. Cash only so stop at the ATM before coming.
5	i ran here from the strip.  like literally took a jog there.  the prices are good and cheap, and while i do not typically eat donuts i figured "when in rome" (or really "when in vegas") my non vegan friends said they were great and bringing back a nice dozen really perked everyone's morning up.  its like just under 3.5 miles round trip from the wynn, straight shot easy jog/walk/cab whatever. ***cash only*** but thats understandable.
5	Amazing. And I'm not vegan.
5	the best donuts in the worldcash only
5	I'm only in Vegas for the summer so I'm looking for a bunch of vegan friendly places. I stumbled upon this place on Instagram at 3 in the morning. I looked it up and discovered they're open at 4 AM. I bugged the boyfriend and he came along for my donut run. They have a wide variety of vegan donuts. My favorites were the butterfly maple peanut and chocolate filled donuts. It was so good I devoured the donuts so quickly. I threw some of them away not because they were bad, but because they were too good. I was starting to feel guilty and had to work out after. I'll be back for more, but be warned...A dozen will go by quickly!
5	Ronald's is seriously the best donuts I've had in Vegas. I've been here a few times as it is my go to donut spot. I've found that the best time to go is early in the morning to ensure you get your favorites and they don't sell out. Plus, you get them nice, warm and fresh in the morning. It melts in your mouth. My favorites are the apple fritter and the old fashion. I can never not get those no matter what else I choose to try. Also, I love that they don't get stale by the end of the day. So if you choose not to stuff your face silly and go into a sugar coma..they will be there for later. LoL. It's also nice and cheap.
3	Finally stopped in after passing by this place multiple times.  The service was friendly if not exactly on top of things (they skipped the guy in front of me and then failed to give me one of the donuts I ordered).Ordered the cake donut and a chocolate covered cake style, a cinnamon & chocolate twist, a chocolate covered old fashioned, an apple tube thing, and a buttermilk.  (I also ordered a regular sugared donut but that's the one they didn't give me).  The price I was charged didn't exactly line up with what was listed on the board, but I think that's because they charged me for the donut I didn't get. Upon arriving at home I promptly cut out a bite-sized piece of each and tried them.  Nothing special.  Perfectly serviceable, middle of the road donuts across the board.  I would say skip the apple tube thing (and everything else they make with apple in it), the filling is the same industry standard get it in a 50lbs bucket apple pie filling everyone else uses.  Marginally better than Voodoo in Portland, OR but not better than the Donut Man in Glendora, CA.
5	Best donuts in vegas PERIOD!!! Trust me I know!  my whole family own donut shops all over CA haha. Im not big on donut much this days anymore but when im craving for some I come to Ronalds. I usually stick to the basic glaze donut, it is sooo yummy! Kinda remind me of my aunts and uncles donuts back in cali:) the owners are also very sweet. Make sure to get to ronalds early cause its very popular among the locals, everytime I drop in, I see people ordering by the boxes lolz, thats how good this place is. Anywayse if you love good tasty donuts definitely try out ronalds.
3	Really not sure what all the hype is about. I've had the chocolate cinnamon twist, the pink frosted cake donut, the cinnamon roll and the donut holes. The twist was not overly sweet, maybe even a little under sweet, and I really couldn't taste the chocolate or much cinnamon.  Overall, none of them differentiated themselves from a 7-11 donut.  Not bad, but just not great. When I'm in the neighborhood, I'll still give it another try, perhaps the apple fritter or the bear claw.
5	This place has the best apple fritters and with their prices... It's a steal! Every time we're in Las Vegas we get the apple fritters from here. It's well worth the trip off the strip to hit this place up for donuts. My husband said its so good that its worth the $2000 for the trip to Vegas.  Cash only.
5	Awesome donuts and all healthy! 12 donut holes for a dollar and everything else is very decently priced. One of my favorite family owned places, however it is cash only so come prepared!
5	Top 2 shelves are vegan friendly!  Yummy!
5	Yum yum yum, returned twice in one week!!  Tried all yum yum what I can say whoever visits Las Vegas this  is one place you must try.wish I could have bought some home.
5	The best!!! Unfortunately I found out about this place a month before I moved back to ca.. but every time I'm back I stop :) bear claw is besssst
5	It's a small shop but one of the best donuts I've ever tasted. There's a few donuts/pastries that's vegan and very delicious. It's a great deal...a dozen for $7.00.  There's a variety to choose from and you'll want everything. I learned the hard way...CASH ONLY. Worth it! Some of their donuts/pastries are vegan.
4	Sooooo delicious.  Would be 5 stars but they only take cash!!!!
5	I just had a funny looking shaped donut, and it was so GOOD!!!Sorry Krispe Kreme, Ronald Donut, is soooo much better!
4	Simply put; GREAT donuts at GREAT prices! Be good to yourself and get the Apple Fritter, it's absolutely addicting! Only negative thing is it's cash only! So hit the ATM or raid your piggy bank on the way in, it's worth it!
5	I am a donut FREAK! I will travel for a good donut, especially APPLE FRTTERS.... It help that I work for a "Blue" airline ;-)Spent one night on the strip and luckily my body was on east coast time so I woke up at 4am... I looked up donuts on YELP..and I had to go right when they opened...5AM donut run!!!!! .. Totally worth it.. Apple fritter are awesome!! CASH ONLY though not bad totally worth it!
5	Good god, best apple fritter and it's as big as my head! I used to go to Winchells before I found this gem. Cant wait to return but the only negative thing is its cash only!
5	The best vegan donuts ever. These dontus taste even better than the regular donuts that are not vegan. The donuts just melts in your mouth and its so smooth. I drool everytime I think about ronalds donuts lol. Btw its cash only so bring lots of change :)
5	Great doughnuts-go now! Before they run out.
5	Gotta give these guys major props for all the vegan donuts.  Only wish they were organic and had some sugar free options, a girl can dream! But what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas! ....except when I bring a box back to L.A.!  Apple Fritter ALL THE WAY!!
4	In the interest of matrimonial harmony, Ronald's is our 'must do" source of breakfast at least once on each of our Las Vegas vacations.  This small bakery is a true mom and pop operation with Ronald arriving by 4AM each day to begin baking and his wife arriving later to greet the first customer of the day.  We shared both a fritter and an old fashioned donut that continue to be the best in town.
5	My DONUT place of choice, Two dozen donuts and a gallon of whole milk, take two headache tablets before meal and no sugar headache! The best donuts in Vegas are here at Ronalds. Double chocolate, glaze twists, maple bars, nutty cakes, you name it.
5	I could describe each delicious morsel of each of the donuts that I tried but I would hate to deprive you of the experience yourself. Here is what you need to know- amazing selection (almost too much to choose from, you'll want to but a lot), fantastically tasty donuts and so affordable! We thought that we had been charged incorrectly because our total was so low considering everything that our group purchased. Not so, Ronald just makes super donuts at gear prices. If I lived in Vegas, I would be a regular!
5	I came to this donut shop after reading some reviews on yelp and after reading up on some reviews i decided to go try it myself. Many yelpers warned others to get there early so that there would be more options to choose from along with fresher donuts. When i arrived i found that some of the donuts i wanted to try were not there lol (i definetly need to get there earlier). But i have to say, I absolutely love their doughnuts! I ended up buying the apple fritter, along with the cherry donut i believe, along with the creme filled donuts. I loved them so much i bought my self more donuts for later. Lol i went on a sugar craze that day, i couldn't stop myself from eating them. I also couldn't believe that some of the donuts i ate were vegan. I thought they were just really delicious regular donuts, i guess not. If anything i will be coming back for more donuts when i get the chance to, i want an apple fritter and cream donut so bad
3	I love donuts. This place was good. Big selection of donuts Good prices
4	OMG thats all I am going to say about this place! Totally worth every penny and worth breaking your diet for! Move over Krispy Kreme and Dunkin!
5	I love this place! It reminds me of all the donut shops like this in California. Definitely one of a kind in Vegas. The dozen is so cheap and nothing is overly sweet. My favorites are the orange donut and the donut holes. Btw if you want to try their orange donuts, you're going to have to come before 12 (they run out so fast:( ). Definitely worth it though. I always stop by when I'm in the Chinatown area :)
5	The reviews were right.  This place is AMAZING!!  Soft doughnuts and no greasy aftertaste.  My husband has a new favorite!  Thank goodness it's not close!
5	OMG. Greatest donuts ever. The Apple Fritter is the greatest thing you will ever taste. I am the happiest vegan alive to have experienced these donuts. I only wish I lived in Vegas so I could eat them every day!
4	Love those apple rolls!  Atmosphere reminds me of an old school donut shop.  Would go there again.  Simplistic recipes, pure in taste.
3	Items selectedBearclawApple FritterCherry CakeCinnamon Twist/Tiger TailButtermilk BarApple "Burrito"With friends in town for the second weekend in a row since moving to Sin City and my temporary housing located on Spring Mountain Road it seemed only logical to begin the morning with a long run and predawn visit to the iconic Ronald's Donuts.  Small and humble, a true 'old-world' donut shop with bad coffee and all the classics but none of the fuss, it was no real surprise that on my arrival a typical scene appeared; old men shooting the breeze, smiling clerks occasionally weighing in, and a slow but constant trickle of patrons gathering pink boxes of still-warm pastries to go - mine containing a hefty half dozen.  Modest in my expectations even amidst the historical praise my tasting of Ronald's work began with a tangy and delicate buttermilk bar and progressing through options both yeasted and cake including an impressive tiger tail and seemingly half pound bear claw chalk-a-block full of apples it was not until I reached the greasy and overly processed tasting 'apple burrito' that Ronald's would stumble, a theme also notable in the sizable but otherwise underwhelming apple fritter - an item made far better at Friendly, Coco, and Pinkbox.
5	The best In the United states
5	I work in Vegas very often and was looking for donuts to treat my associates when i get into the office and this beauty was discovered thanks to the yelp reviews!  Since there are so many reviews I will just cut to the chase.  Go and buy!  The apple fritter will change your life!  I'd trade these donuts in the pink boxes over the pink and orange ones or the krispy kind any day! ;)Make sure to bring cash!
5	BEST Donuts on the face of the earth, make sure you bring CASH!  They don't take cards......     These donuts are to die for!
5	We always make a stop at Ronald's when we're in Vegas. A bit off the strip but definitely recommend going out of your way for these delicious donuts. Specialty donuts are $1.50 each, $0.80 regular donuts and $1 for a dozen donut holes. Order the donut holes! They are like small, light pillows of glaze-y goodness. We've tried a variety of their specialty donuts the handful of times we've been here and they've all been satisfying. This past trip, we ordered the tiger tail which is decent sized with cinnamon swirls throughout that's not too overpowering. Can't wait to go back to Vegas again and make another visit here!
5	As good at gets! I always bring these beauties to friends visiting Las Vegas
5	I am dreaming of Ronald's Donuts when I got home after last Las Vegas trip.  I am willing to drive 4.5 hours to just buy donuts.  It is that good.  The donuts here are soft and pillowy.  When we were there, a lady from Alabama bought 2 dozens to take home.  She said there is no good donut in Alabama.  She said that she has not searched the entire state yet but she believes there is no good donut as good as Ronald's.I believe her.  I did a donut test.  We bought a dozen.  The first time we ate them on the premise/shop, they were so so soft and pillowy.  They were not too sweet.  I ate 2 just within 5 minutes, basically, inhaled them.  We took them in the pink box and drove to the desert.  We stored them on top of a mini fridge in the pink box in a desert motel.  The next day, we  each ate 2 more with coffee for breakfast.  Usually, donuts are not good the next day.  Not with Ronald's, they are still great the next day.  They were not greasy, the pink box was not soaked with oil.  In fact, there were hardly any oil spots on the box.  I think my husband consumed 2 or 3 more in the afternoon when I was not looking.  The 3rd day, the donuts became harder and not as good.  They were dried out from by the desert air.  We still ate it but we both agreed that 2 days are the maximum.  Although, if I had an air tight container, they may still be good.  I will have to do that test next time.My favorite is the custard filled with chocolate frosting.  Another one I like is the plain glazed donut.  My husband likes the bear claws.  The jelly filled was also good.  Most of them are delicious though, hard to pick.As you know, this place takes CASH only, no problem.  The owners are so nice and humble.   I will be a repeat customer.  I've been thinking hardly to drive 4.5 hours to get my fix of Ronald's.  Sigh!
5	Donut heaven for vegans. They were flaky soft and the glaze topping melts in your mouth. They even had soy milk to pair with these delicious pastries. I couldn't believe they were vegan. You need to try their tiger cinnamon twist. It's located in China town not too far from the strip. Worth the trip.
4	I'm not a huge fan of donuts but can appreciate them from time to time. Ronald makes pretty darn good ones. I found this place through Yelp of course (every time I'm in Vegas I look for new spots and Yelp is my #1 tool in doing so). We went there early one morning and grabbed a dozen for our crew, plus an order of donut holes. Like everyone said in the reviews, the donut holes were delicious!If you are just visiting Vegas, there are two things that need to happen for you to visit Ronald's Donuts:     -You have a car     -You are craving donutsIf you don't have a car, I don't think it's worth taking a taxi here unless you want to hit up Chinatown and spend a few hours there. They have some decent Asian restaurants (I found a Vietnamese place with a great fried noodle dish) and some specialty shops.
5	Best donuts I have had in Vegas.  At work we always love when someone brings in the pink Box from Ronald's.
5	These donuts live up to their hype. I drove here after work this morning and picked up a dozen. Found they had a great variety to choose from and I needed a minute to decide what to bring home. A line was forming behind me so I quickly chose a couple of Boston creams, some glazed, and some cake donuts with lots of rainbow sprinkles. $8.00 for the whole dozen! My kids were so excited when I got home and showed them the box. Hubby was slightly annoyed as we are trying to eat healthier...but he ended up in the donut box, "to help get rid of them faster", he said. We all ate 2 donuts a piece - and had to stop ourselves there. They were so fresh and delicious. Now excuse me while I put my fat pants on!
5	Amazing donuts.Cash only.
3	Yah for good donuts.. Coffee, not so much, lol. . . But it's such a cute mom and pops shop you can't help but not mind the diluted coffee. ^__^ anywhoo, they have nice prices and good donuts. Recommend for a quick stop.
3	Call me old fashioned but I guess I just love my donuts non-vegan, super fattening and delicious. Ronald's went 0 for 3 there.I'm not even sure which ones were vegan, but if you're a non-vegan craving tastier donuts I'd suggest you head elsewhere. Tip: Cash Only.
5	This is an amazing place.  Donuts are great.  No animals were tortured in their making.  My kids love them too.  A little bit of a drive for us so it remains a place we go for special occasions.  And, the owners are amazing people.  I am ready to buy a franchise!
5	Amazing vegan donuts. I almost questioned if they were vegan. The consistency is just like donuts on my pre-vegan days.
4	First time ever coming here! Great little mom and pop place, for some old fashioned donut favs. I would have given it a 5 star but there was a tiny metal piece (I think a staple) glazed to the top of my apple fritter... I decided however I horse could have taken a crap on it and I would have still ate it anyway. Apple fritter was that good! Still warm out of the oven. Will be going back, just earlier than I did today.
5	Thanks for the amazing vegan donuts! The holes are delish and we loved the tiger tail. We got 6 donuts and holes for $7.50. And they're vegan!!!! Awesome. Cash only and they sell out by 1 some days.
5	Keep up the great vegan donuts!  Can't wait to go back next time I'm in the area!
5	Best doughnuts in Vegas !! Just sucks that they only take cash!
5	get their early. they sell out of the vegan doughnut holes!!! which are deliciousold shop.. but friendly and so worth the stop. the vegan doughnuts are so light and fluffy
5	Went there today.. Could not believe that they were vegan. They taste as good or better than DD or KK etc. Actually went on google to see if anyone else felt the same way and found that someone actually sent one away for testing and it came back that it was vegan. haha. Amazing about 20 different vegan doughnuts at 1$ for one or 7$ for a dozen!!Amazing and a MUST visit if you are in vegas and vegan
5	When you're a vegan sometimes it feels like you have to pay a premium to eat "specialty" foods. Not here, the donuts are super cheap AND delicious. They had me questioning whether or not they were actually vegan. I had the apple fritter, it was crispy and full of flavor. Cash only, like everyone else has said. If you're in Vegas, give this place a shot. It's only 5 or so minutes off the strip.
5	If you've never been here before, Do yourself a favor and get down to Chinatown to eat one of these A.S.A.P! The vegan doughnuts are beyond AMAZING, seriously it is ridiculous how melt in your mouth delicious they are. I usually buy a mixed dozen of vegan doughnuts to share with friends and they always say how delicious they are. Most can't even believe that they taste so good and don't have dairy, eggs or other animal products! Personally, my favorites are the Apple Fritter, Doughnut Holes, Maple Bar, Bavarian Cream and Raspberry Jelly- which of course are all Vegan! They also have Soymilk to drink or put in your coffee. If you prefer a more traditional cake style, non-vegan doughnut, Don't worry because they have those too. Bring lots of cash since they don't take cards and you will be set. Don't miss out, This place is a MUST!
5	Soooo happy this place exists!!! Delish, cruelty free donuts! Everything tastes so fresh & flavorful! They are ridiculously cheap too! I bought a dozen donut holes & 5 donuts and the total was $4.25! That's amazing especially considering that the cost of vegan baking supplies is a little pricier than animal based products. I will mos def be coming back very soon!
5	Drool. I have been here a couple of times to pick up some goodies for not just myself but one of my fiance's old co-workers who is a vegetarian who tried going vegan for a bit.These donuts are fresh, fluffy and flavorful - those are 3 delicious F's in my book!I've tried several varieties, and none have disappointed.  I also feel that they are less sugary than your average doughnut, but I LOVE that.  Not only does it NOT take away from their decadent flavor, it's a nice change of pace to not have something dripping with glaze or dusted to look like a snowball with a hole in it.They only accept cash, so make sure you get those dollar bills out.  Service was very friendly and the lady behind the counter was helpful in pointing me to the right direction.It's been far too long since I've had one of these babies. Mmm...
1	Weak donuts!  My 13 yr old son only took a few bites of his apple fritter before saying "this is gross" & discarding it.  I got the donut holes & they were average at best.  Wouldn't go back, even for a free dozen.
5	Love supporting small businesses. You wouldn't even know the donuts were Vegan,  they were that good!
5	Yum! The donut holes are great. Perfect to pass around. They're 10 for $1If you like Donuts, these are excellent.  Its nice to see a family business do well.  The store is very basic with quick and efficient customer service.  Apple fritter is excellent and I'm a huge fan of maple bars and a great glazed donut.  I can't have donuts all the time, but this is a great treat!I believe a dozen is around $7.50 or about $0.80 per donut (fancy donuts are a little more)  Prices are on target.
3	They are good. They produce your standard west coast doughnut. The flavor is solid, selection is good and the fritter, my bench mark, is well made. Over all 3 stars for being average compared to the others I have tried
5	So yummy!!!  Our favorite mom and pop neighborhood donut store suddenly closed, so my daughter and I drove out of our way to come here because of the reviews.  I was happy we did... The donuts are even better than where we used to go!  They are also cheaper, and apparently some are vegan as well.  Very traditional, but delicious, comfort food, selections.  Great find!  I also LOVE that it's so old school, and was filled with older gentlemen hanging out and drinking their coffee together over donuts on a weekday morning.  It was like I stepped back in time 30 years ago to when I'd pick up donuts with my dad on a Sunday morning.
3	Nice & fresh but nothing spectacular. I'm still in love with Krispy Kremes.Bring Cash!
5	When I travel, I like to find the places where the locals eat. Thanks to Yelp, this is fairly easy to do. No sir, no chains for this Yelper. When in Vegas, eat like the people of Vegas do. Many start their day with Ronald's Donuts, so I had to swing in and see if they stood up to some of my other donut haunts across the US.Glad this credit card loving guy read the reviews first and noticed it was cash only. I'm also sad that I had to take out a $20 from the ATM, because as soon I walked in and saw the displays and the smells hit my nose, that $20 was done for. It's hard to spend $20 here, but it's doable!So, how did it stand up compared to my Indy hometown favorite, Long's Donuts? I'd put these two right about equal, with maybe a tad higher score going to Long's, only because it's my hometown! :) Definitely glad I wandered off the strip for this.
5	I'm vegan. And I love donuts. Ronald's puts them together and makes the best vegan donuts on the market. Brings me back to childhood. Every visit there is dangerous because I know I will leave with too many donuts. If there is such a thing...Thank you Ronald's for offering delicious cruelty-free options!
5	Vegan options! we tried like four different doughnut at one time. Delighted the whole time!!!!! I bought my bf the doughnut holes (He's not a vegan ) and he didn't taste the difference
2	Meh.  After all the hype, I drove down here one morning while on vacation and bought a dozen, and then another dozen donut holes.  The holes were the highlight - everything tasted stale.  Maybe it's the lack of egg and milk, or maybe everything was stale by 10am.  Either way, I've had plenty of better donut experiences, and I really expected more after the reviews I read.  And who runs a cash-only business these days - I need my cash for other things in Vegas! :-)  Probably won't be back.
5	yes. yes. YES!i'm in love w/ Ronalds and it may be a problem. their vegan donuts drew us in and became a quick favorite for my hubby & i. we always get a box of Ronalds before road-trips. amazing. my favorites are the boston creams & twists. yum!!!!!i also dig their cappuccino. just had some this morning! and always service w/ a smile :)))
5	AMAZING!!! I salivate thinking of how delicious their donuts are. I particularly love the fact that it is a family-owned business. Can't wait for my next trip back!
5	I just had these today and omigosh! They were sooooo good! I had a chocolate twist, which was huge, I had to share it with my co-worker. I also had a jelly donut and 10 donut holes (I got for another co-worker) and I only spent $3.50! That's such a good deal. I can't even tell they're vegan! Such a great selection.
5	I am definitely not vegan but these donuts--both vegan and not--were some of the best I've ever had. Get the apple fritter! Also the "plain" sugar donut literally melts in your mouth. Great prices too.
5	OMG!!! My favorite bakery and their Vegan!!! My girls have major allergies to dairy and eggs, so this place was my savior for desserts for them... Love everything here!!
5	BEST apple fritters
4	Best doughnut I ever had in town. I didn't even know American doughnut could taste this good...!!! I'm not a big doughnut person but the moment I bite into a doughnut hole (I just couldn't wait till I get home to open the box so I started to eating a bad of doughnut holes while I'm driving...) I was like, OMG!!!!! And I ate all of it:9 I got many different fancy doughnuts everything tasted great. But simple glazed doughnut will show you how great this doughnuts place is.
5	This place is amazing. They offer quality donuts of all sorts. Best of all some are vegan!!! Not all...but slot of em. They only offer the crullers are only offered on Friday so make sure to not show up then.. More for me!!! They are freaking delicious. This place is a gem. Pure awesomeness.
5	Ronald's is the best. My vegan husband and I get them when we are celebrating special occasions, like birthdays, Mother's Day, and so on. The lady behind the counter is so sweet and kind. She often throws in freebies just because. Doughnut holes are 12/$1 and they are delish. We always tend to go overboard when we go to Ronald's. The coffee is so-so and the cash only thing is a pain but I still happily make the drive to Ronald's for great doughnuts and wonderful service.
5	I have a major sweet tooth and can eat an entire box of doughnuts! Hands down best doughnuts in town! They also have THE BEST VEGAN doughnuts this side of the Mississippi!
2	Me I just don't get it I guess . One dozen they call them specialties came to $16.87.What , for donuts ? And average donuts at best...I swear a dozen glazed at Smith's grocery fresh at 7 am blows these away !
5	Ronald's is gooooood. Most donut stores I've been to with vegan options don't have the traditional sugary glazed, only cake donuts. If that's what you're looking for you've come to the right place.Traditional donuts and traditional donut store prices. Good stuff.
5	Their donuts are to die for! Not too sweet which I love. Bought a dozen for just $7. Apple fritters are the best! Also bought donut holes for a dollar, 10 for $1. Can't beat that!
5	Vegan donuts, say what?!  Ronald's has 2 1/2 cases full of vegan donuts (and there are regular donuts too...if you must).  Vegan options include Apple Fritters (a must try!), Bear Claws, chocolate and maple bars, large twists, jelly donuts, turnovers, chocolate vegan custard, simple glaze options, and more. All positively delicious.  Those 10 for $1 donut holes mustn't be forgotten either. Yum!  My non-veg*n travel companions were none the wiser.Last year I spent @ $7 and some change for a dozen. This year, a dozen cost me $13 + change.  Not complaining; just a note. The dozen come in a large pink box (think rectangular cake box size).  Usually, a dozen may stay fresh for a couple of days.  I came prepared this time. I was in Vegas 4th of July weekend. Picked up my dozen on Sunday, 06July, and stored the box in a jumbo sized Ziplock bag.  My donuts remained fresh for a week, unrefrigerated. Just stick in the microwave for a few seconds for that fresh out of the oven taste. Cash only.Super friendly owner/employees.Arrive early for best selection. Traveling from the Vegas Blvd strip, go west on Spring Mountain Blvd. You'll enter Chinatown. Keep an eye out for Ronald's Donuts on your right hand side.  Pull into parking lot. Eat. Repeat.
5	Best. Vegan. Donuts. Ever. Considering a vacation was basically focused around flying to LV just for the sheet aspect of experiencing Ronald's... I would happily do it all over again.
4	super delicious! I've only tried the glazed donut and maple bar but both equally good. Sometimes the glazed donuts don't have enough glazed especially on the donut holes. Close to my house and more affordable then competitors.
5	Been here twice.  Love love love the apple fritter!!!  It was crunchy and moist at the same time. Need to bring some home once this vacation is over.
5	I'm a big fan of Ronald's. It's located in a quaint spot on Spring Mountain and can be easily missed. Make sure to keep your eyes peeled because we all know Spring Mountain is not an easy street to make a U-turn on. Also, remember they only take cash! However, if you are able to scrounge up some spare change from your car and happen to have more than $1 in change, you're in luck. You can get 10 of the best donut holes for $1 (plus tax I'm assuming). If you're even luckier, and can manage to find more than $2 in change, treat yourself to an apple fritter too. Your taste buds will thank you.
5	Vegan donuts!!!!!!!!!!! The truest love of my life. I love donuts. I love them.This place was AMAZING. I cannot stress enough how fresh, light, fluffy and good these were. They are like the good-twin of Dunkin Donuts, hiding out in secrecy in a small shopping mall. These are what all donuts should be (vegan and fresh and good!)Best: jelly donut, chocolate frosted and...the munchkins!!! Oh the munchkins. I would like one ball pit full of these, please.The owners are absolutely kind, polite, awesome people. Best ever.(PS! This place is cash only)
5	Vegan donuts on our way to hike Mount Charleston? Yes, please!
5	Love this donut store , very easy to find and parking is usually convenient also. Great mom and pops shop ! But cash only ;/ I always just get the glazed yummmmm
4	Great donuts! Absolutely love the cinnamon twists and apple fritters. Wish I could have brought a box back to Honolulu :(
5	Parking is great. The owner's are very nice. This is the only place I'll get my donut fix. One dozen donut holes for a dollar. What a deal! I usually get three dozen donut holes. Yes. I love donut holes. Apple fritters are good. And the glazed old fashion donuts are yummy. But the donut holes are simple and delicious.
5	One of the best places for good ole traditional doughnuts. The top two shelves are filled with vegan goodies including my favorite "tiger tail"! This is a twisted doughnut with chocolate and cinnamon intertwined. Sounds sexy, doesn't it?They also have soy cream filled, bear claws, chocolate, maple glaze, apple/raspberry turnovers, holes, cinnamon rolls, sugar, &c.The texture is that of a crispy creme. For the non-vegan, they have more with the cake-like textures.I learned that their doughnuts are good for a few days and some you can freeze and it will still be good! The shop is owned and run by an adorable Asian couple. I bought two dozen and the sweet lady added some doughnut holes for the road back to LA.
5	My absolute favorite donut place in the valley. On top of being vegan, these donuts taste absolutely incredible. Everything is very fresh and soft, and the dough is far tastier on its own than the average donut place. The donut holes are a dozen for a dollar and I went through half of them in the blink of an eye (the crisp outside tastes a bit heavily of the oil it's fried in but that's not even a detractor, it just adds to the flavor).Be sure to have cash on you before you head out. Preferably a lot of it, these are too good to not buy in bulk.
5	The top two shelves are vegan donuts. Amazing! My husband and I travel all over and this by far is the best place for affordable yummy vegan donuts! We got TWO DOZEN! Dont get anything with fruit fillings though because they taste too fakey / sugary. Maple bar & glazed twist were my favorite. The big cinnamon twist too is a great one too. Staff very friendly and knowledgable and were POSITIVE no animal products. Other donut places get grouchy or dont speak enough english when you ask if there's no eggs in the dough.
5	CASH ONLY. Every time I go to Vegas, I go here. It has become a tradition. I've never had any issues, close to the strip, and vegan donuts. Win win win!
5	Don't ever get another donut anywhere else.Prices = REASONABLEQuality = FANTASTICInterior = 70's VINTAGE (Love it, very casual and nothing fancy)Owners = GREATTheir basic cake donuts with sprinkles are by far one of the best things I have ever placed into my big mouth. Just remember to bring cash. Last time I went, I got there near closing and had to scrounge up $4 from crevices in my car to get my donuts. Totally worth the work but if you come prepared with cash, no awkward car scrounging is required.GET THE CAKE DONUT WITH SPRINKLES NOW!!!!!!!!
5	Newly Vegan...I wanted a donut....read reviews and the soy custard donut....my favorite donut ever.  My husband who is a Winchells donut fan....this is his new favorite donut and imagine that...it's vegan.  We will be back getting more donuts next time!
5	These donuts are the best vegan donuts I've had. Had a bear claw....need me an apple fritter, but I'll have to wait...lol
5	3 words - Guilty Vegan Pleasure.After going vegan, I thought I would never have a decent doughnut again. I was wrong. This place is amazing!
5	I love Ronald's Donuts. They're always fresh and they hold up well if you have to eat your piece of fluffy goodness the next day(don't judge me). the price is very reasonable. I always get some doughnut holes if they have any. It's $1 for a dozen.
5	Great tasting and inexpensive vegan donuts and related pastries.The top two shelves are dairy- and egg-free. Some of the donuts on the bottom shelf are made with animal products. Cash only.It'd be better if there were signs to help you identify the products, or at least some indication of which ones are vegetarian.
5	Cheap donuts that are fresh and delicious. What else can you ask for? Love this place.
5	These are the best donuts I've ever had. The donut holes melted in your mouth. Staff was so friendly and kind. I got these for a birthday party and everyone raved about them. I will be back.
4	Once in a while I indulge in vegan donuts, never buy more then 2 and always get the bavarian creme and I wash my hands before eating.... its very important!!!Their quality is way superior comparing  to any other donut joint in town ... I always go here before 6AM . place is never too crowded and you always have many options Very affordable ...cash only!!!
5	Ronald's Donuts are light & fluffy , just as a donut should be.  They have a nice selection of vegan and regular donuts. I've tried a little of both and so far enjoyed everything that I've tasted.  Prices are reasonable and service is always excellent.
5	a co worker of mine is a vegan and constantly raving about these donuts! it was his birthday and we wanted to do something special at the office so I stopped by here on the way in and picked up a dozen. this place is impeccably clean not to mention extremely friendly and helpful.  they offer both vegan and non vegan donuts with a huge selection of both. im not vegan but decided to see if there was a taste difference and there wasn't at all! id definitely go back for a less guilty treat for myself :) totally recommend this place to all!
5	Vegan Donuts!! Yes you heard me right. Even I couldn't believe it. A week before our trip, my honey kept talking about this place. Heck, I'm not going to pass up vegan donuts. So after a couple of days in Sin City. We decided to head towards there...location CHINATOWN!! Go figure, right? Just make sure you have CASH on you...NO CREDIT/DEBIT card.When I entered the place, it brought me back to my childhood memories. When my papa would take me to Winchell's donut shop during summer vacation and he would treat me to a raised donut and we would have father-daughter day. This establishment was set up similar to the old donut shops back in the day. We met up with the owner (I think) and he indicated the first 2 rows are vegan. Holy heck!! That's a lot to choose from. We tried not to go buckwild crazy the first day, since we had other places we wanted to try out. We enjoyed it so much that on our last day, we brought a dozen home...actually 10 since we ate 2 while in Vegas. The 10 we brought home, didn't even last 12 hours. My dad and mom (supposedly are diabetic and shouldn't have sweets) ate 5 of them like they were chicklets. So, if you're in the area regardless if your vegan or not, you gotta stop by this place. They also serve non-vegan donuts. Why bother with those because take it from me (a person who just turned vegan 2 years ago), you will not know the difference. You can't beat the price point ($1-$2each).Recommendation...Get the CHOCOLATE FILLED CUSTARD, the creamy filling alone can give you ecstasy and that's a good thing in Vegas. If you like apple fillings, get the bear claw with apples filled inside. It was my second favorite. Obviously you can't go wrong with the traditional raised donuts. My honey loved it too...http://www.yelp.com/biz/ronalds-donuts-las-vegas?hrid=_cF8WUu3RXVsMisJmzkJRQ
5	These vegan donuts are so delicious that my non-vegan friend refuses to believe that they are actually vegan. He's planning on taking them to a chemist and getting them tested. I will check back in when I get the results. Anyways, these are definitely the best donuts I've ever had, and same goes for my non-vegan friends.
5	When I booked my vegan foodie birthday tour of Las Vegas, Ronald's Donuts was definitely on my list to check out.  I previously heard about Ronald's Donuts from social media and being an avid Instagrammer, I would often see other vegans posting photos of these wonderful vegan donuts from Sin City.  I was excited to try them!On the day of my birthday, we headed to Veggie House for lunch just down the street from Ronald's Donuts in Chinatown.  Then for my birthday dessert we headed to Ronald's.  The place reminded me of the donut shop that I used to go to growing up as a kid - a donut shop from the 80s, very simple, with pink boxes stacked up on the shelves, newspapers and coffee cups on the tables.I asked the owner which ones were vegan and she said top two rows were vegan, which was fine with me because the bottom row looked like all cake donuts and I preferred the yeasted type of donuts anyway.  My BF chose the maple bar and I chose the soy custard filled chocolate.  We also ordered coffee and I was happy they had soy milk available.  The donuts were so yummy!  Very light and fluffy and I loved the custard.  My BF inhaled his maple bar in a few seconds then he went back and ordered a jelly donut, which we also enjoyed.As we were enjoying our donuts and coffee the old man sitting at the table next to us said he that he's been coming to this place a few times a week for 15 years and that the owners (a couple) work 7 days a week, 12 hours a day, 4am - 4pm.  I thought, wow, the owners work very hard to provide us with delicious treats!Before our flight home the next day, we came back and brought home as many donuts as I could fit in the large pink box (about 17) which included glazed, custard filled, jelly, cinnamon twists, cinnamon rolls and apple fritters and also took home some donut holes.  I shared the donuts with my friends back in the Bay and they all loved them!  Ronald's makes me want to book another trip to Vegas very soon!
1	This place should be shut down. I hope their standards of cleanliness are better in the kitchen than the dining room. There is a huge black widow nest coming out of a hole in their ceiling. They won't even let you wash your hands before you eat. If they don't think we need to wash our hands before we touch our food, do you think they wash theirs before they touch our food? It is against the law to not provide restroom facilities if there are twenty or more seats.
5	Let me first start off by saying I am not Vegan nor do I have a sweet tooth, these are NOT places I normally go to. I was heading to California to join a large group of people (many that were Vegan, many girls that had donuts addictions, etc) I got a text message to please pick up a box of doughnuts from this place on my way driving there and they would PAY ME ANYTHING to do so- sounded pretty serious to me.I was surprised by how not updated or the "who cares what it looks like, eat this and then try & complain" attitude it has. It's old, you'd miss it, you have ZERO idea it's Vegan by the outside, and it often looks closed (well, if often is)Vegan food means $$$. NOT HERE. After seeing how many doughnuts I could get for $50 (which btw stop at an ATM or have cash, no cards there) literally meant I CLEANED out every piece of pastry he had on the shelf. I had my niece with me, he gave her a very large bag of mini bites for free, which I must say were VERY tasty on my drive. :-DLoaded with a back seat full of doughnuts heading to California, I ate at least 4, finally understood why people drove 4 hours to go there and why money was not an option to anyone for these yummy snacks. I'd pay 4 times what I did. Totally blown away.Cons: I never carry cash and they close at 4pm, which is usually too early for me to get out there without planning a trip. But, if ever in the area again, I am stocking up.Apple fritter was to die for.
