5	The price is right for these street tacos, rolled tacos, tamales and Mexican hot dogs at newly-opened Tacos Atoyac. Sure, while taco shops are a dime a dozen in Phoenix, the price point and taste can't be beat. The decor is very casual and spartan for now, but the value for a typical family meal make Tacos Atoyac a steal.The lengua, cabeza and carne asada tacos were flavorful and at $1 each, quite the value.  The black beans came to our table topped with cotija cheese and the arroz was reminiscent of any you'd find at any abuelita's house.  The "Oaxacan-style" hot dog was colorful and topped with generous helpings of sliced tomatoes, bacon bits and avocado and so very delicious.Horchata and Mexican Coca Cola are plentiful, and the Coke priced at $1.50 is the cheapest I've seen yet at a taco shop.Overall dinner for two was about $13, which included six tacos, one soda a spicy chicken tamale, a rolled taco and a Oaxacan hot dog. Not bad...It's easy to find at the NE corner of Glendale Ave. and 19th Ave., next to 7-11. Can't wait to visit again, and am looking forward to having another lengua taco, hot dog and to trying the tortas!
5	Best Carne Asada I have ever had.  My son ate 10 of the street tacos and washed it down with a bottle of ice cold coke with real cane sugar!  I have taken co-workers, my family, and spreading the word.  My favorite lunch spot in town!
5	True Mexican street fare - at first a little intimidating for this Gringa, but it was awesome.   The owner Dan (who happens to be a Culinary Institute trained chef) put together a variety pack for us.  Everything is small and cheap, so you can get a whole bunch of different stuff to try.  $30 fed 5 people.On the NE corner of 19th Ave & Glendale, next to 7-11.  Give 'em a try - you won't be disappointed!
5	Best taco shop in town! I've tried almost the whole menu and can't find anything I wouldn't order again. Can't beat the price. The owner's a great guy very helpful explaining the menu and offering suggestions. Will be eating here quite often.
5	Tacos Atoyac is out of this world. And a total deal.The menu is Oaxacan-style mexican; therefore, things might be a little different than you're used to.The tacos, at $1, are served street-style with two small corn tortillas. Fish tacos (not yet on the menu) will set you back a mere $1.50.The quesadilla, at $1.50, is unlike the quesadillas you're used to, but it's wonderful. It almost looks like a turnover pastry, but filled with queso cheese and covered in lettuce, cojita cheese and crema. Excellent.My favorite item on the menu is the $2 milueta ($3 with meat). It's almost like a mini french bread pizza covered in the same ingredients as the the quesadilla: spiced black beans, queso and cojita cheese, lettuce and crema. They make the bread in-house and it's a must-try.While I haven't tried it yet, tonight I saw a Tlayuda (pronounced "clayuda") come out of the kitchen and it looked tremendous. It was described to me as a mexican pizza of sorts, only served on a large, fresh tortilla that is crisped by a technique that basically dehydrates the freshness out of it. You can get it without meat for $6, with meat for $8.Everything is served with a nice little side of grilled onions and a jalapeno. You can tell an amazing amount of talent, effort and fresh ingredients go into everything that comes out of the kitchen in this restaurant and I'll be going back frequently. Check it out!!!
5	Great food and very clean.  He is very helpful with understanding the menu and with recommendations.  Very inexpensive also.
5	Yesterday I finally had a chance to try the Tlayuda and it was everything that I imagined and more. The 12" round tortilla that it is served on is light, thin and crisp, and the light cheese and avocado is perfect! Between the two of us, one meatless Tlayuda and two fish tacos was just right.
5	Great food, great price and wonderful owners~very friendly atmosphere! These are some of the best street tacos I have had in years. You must try the lengua (if you are into lengua), it is the most tender and tastiest by far (and of course the asada is delish). You've got to give it a try!
5	The time has come to slip out of my Reviewless Yelp Coma.  The perfect catelyst for this was Tacos Atoyac.  This place has got it down.  First off, the fish tacos previously discussed were amazing, some of the best I've had.  They rival my long-time favorite spot, La Condesa, and are 1/2 the price!  The fish is plentiful and perfectly battered, and the sauce that comes on them is perfect consistency and taste.  I've had the carne asada tacos as well, definitely hit the higher quality standpoint and I would highly recommend them.  After doing some perusing in the northern Phoenix area (usually on my modest lunch break), I can safely say that this spot will be in regular rotation.  Great prices, excellent food, and a nice patio area pull together for a great package that is going to be tough to beat.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Tacos Atoyac!!
4	We went to Tacos Atoyac for lunch again and really enjoyed the food based on a recommendation from Iain B.  This is not border Mexican food but rather oaxaca or oaxaquena southern Mexico or what you might find in Mexico City.  Their prices are very easy on your pockets, but don't let that fool you.  Their food is extremely fresh, unique and delicious.  What a little "gem" of a place this is!  Restaurant ~ Tacos Atoyac is small and not very appealing on the outside (somewhat of a dive look) but it's what's on the inside that counts and this place is no exception.  This place is very clean with a simple design on the inside. The folks that work here are friendly and will make you feel very welcomed.  This was huge since for us since both of us speak very little Spanish.  Food ~ You order your food when you walk in and they bring you your delicious oaxacan-Mexican food to you accompanied with a side of cooked jalapenos, onions and salsa (you can choose green, red or a guacamole infused salsa).  The green chili salsa went exceptionally well with my fish and al pastor tacos.  No chips and salsa here, which I'm perfectly fine with.  On our first visit we sampled all of the tacos at $1 each.  The carne asada and al pastor were tender and delicious with with some chopped cilantro and onions on top. All of the tacos were very good, even the lengua and tripa o cabeza tacos. (yes I knew they were tongue and tripe~ but they were good!) I just added a little salsa which gave it just the right amount of heat to add to the flavor.  We also tried their spicy beef and chicken tamales at $1.75. Thy were very good as well but I preferred their tacos, so went back for few more.  Total bill with a few drinks was around $18 for us both.Second visit we had their fish tacos ~ they are delish!  We also had a couple of quesadilla's since they were making them fresh from scratch at $1.50. The corn quesadilla was tasty with some fresh green  epazote, cheese and a light spread of frijoles! We also tried their flour quesdilla's and a few burros with al pastor and carne asada.  They too were very good with a nice balance of fresh guacamole and loads of meat in their burros. We sampled a lot of food again this trip and left stuffed and happy with a bill of only $24.  We have really enjoyed most of the things we've tried so far and we are looking forward to coming back very soon.  Tacos Atoyac will leave you satisfied, happy and planning what to eat on your next visit.  They keep it simple with tons of flavor.  I hope to see you there.
5	Its a Five.Tried it twice and still hungry for more.  Dan, the proprietor, is a great taco ambassador.Had several different tacos, like the Pastor most.  Tried lots of other stuff and it was great.Small business at its best.Ice Tea is soon to be on the menu I am assured..., ya?
5	This place is one of the finest NEW hidden gems in the Valley. Four Months new and hidden on 19th ave/Glendale area near a pizza joint.  Two visits and I am hooked. From 1.50 fish tacos to 6.50 shrimp burros this is a NOT miss spot.  The food is fresh, flavorful and full of kick.  This will be my regular rotation spot.  It is BYOB if you want some cerveza.  The owner is originally from Pasadena, CA and was with Roy's Restaurant at the Marriott for 12 years. Check it out if you want cheap, and fantastic food.
5	If I could give it 10 stars I would. My GF and myself were on our way up to Sedona and we found this place from Yelp. The owner Dan is absolutely friendly like everyone has said. The place is small and clean. Place has only been open for 4 months so the place does not have much character yet. The food is spectacular. Big flavors and low prices. The al pastor is amazing. I wish Dan the best luck in his new restaurant but by the way this food taste he won't need luck. It is just a matter of time till this place blows up!Will be making sure to come back next time in Phoenix.
5	Just GO!!! Some of the best food I have had in quite some time.  Don't let the minimal ambiance fool you.  We just ordered multiple items and shared.....and then ordered MORE!! The flavors are earthy, rich and complex (compliments of the Oaxaca influence).  Just go and order a variety of food and be prepared to enjoy yourself. Oh, and get the horchata...just trust me on this.
5	Tacos Atoyac gets 5 stars based on food quality and value alone. This is *not* a 'bertos clone. The chef and owner obviously takes a lot of pride in this taco shop.The fish taco is incredible. The carne asada and al pastor are both beyond reproach. The quesadillas are crunchy and covered in crema and avocado. The horchata is well-spiced and sweet without being cloying, and is made from scratch, in-house. The $8 fish special was a beautiful fillet, perfectly seared and served with rice and warm totrillas.Absent is the obligatory basket of tortilla chips. At Atoyac you get a little basket of sauteed jalepenos and onion petals. I couldn't have been happier. I hate mowing through a metric ton of chips at a Mexican place just because they're there. Chips take up stomach space I'd rather fill with more al pastor. The ambiance is, to be fair, spartan. But I didn't have time to notice. The food was just that damn good.If you are reading this between the hours of 10am and 9pm and it isn't Sunday, you should be driving to Tacos Atoyac. Not reading reviews.
5	It is not hard to agree with the other reviewers - the food is just outstanding. The owner is very friendly, and happy to explain any of the menu items, and his descriptions are very welcome to hear, even while we were eating. I just returned from lunch with a co-worker, and we are ready to go back! I ordered a trio of tacos (carne asada, chorizo, pastor) and a bean and cheese burrito (made with queso fresco) because I love a good flour tortilla. I washed my food down with a Mexican Coke and a horchata garnished with melon and walnuts (NICE touch, and possibly the best horchata I've tasted).My co-worker also had tacos, plus the 'molete' (SP?), basically a mini-chimi-looking fritter filled with chorizo and potato, and lightly covered with mole sauce and sour cream. His expression told me to order one next time we go. I'm very happy to find this place so close to work, and the prices are a bargain for the quality of food being served. I tried Tacos Atoyac based on the previous Yelp reviews, so thank you Yelpers for your convincing reviews - this place rocks!
5	I'm hooked! All I can think about is their fish tacos and horchata!!!
5	Atoyac is an experience far beyond what the average 'Bertos can provide. The owner/operators are very friendly and helpful with explaining the ins and outs of several menu items that aren't always immediately familiar with even native Phoenicians. Don't let the cheap strip-mall and bare look fool you, this place is much greater than the sum of its walls.Everything on the menu is affordable, but the food and handmade drinks are crafted by Dan and Pablo with real care an passion. Familiar tacos asada are a good place to start, but try the other meats even if you've never worked up the will to try tongue or tripe before. The Mexican hotdog and Tlayudas are must-trys, too. If they have horchata you must try it - it's not a powder mix and the nuts + melon added make for a very refreshing beverage.As for fake reviews, I don't buy it. I've never been able to walk into a restaurant and instantly begin chatting with the other patrons about how good the food is.
5	5 star food and service the last three times ive gone there. the food is great and super valued. i hope its there for a long time!!
3	If you're looking for a place to grab some simple, inexpensive comfort food and are in north central phoenix, this place is worth a stop. The Tacos de Pescado satisfied my fish-taco craving and the Oaxacan Hotdog just screamed "try me!!". Including avacado, bacon, jalepenos, grilled onions and a tasty sauce, this is not a traditional hot dog and doesn't claim to be. At the price, it's definitely worth a try. While the presentation isn't fancy, each order seemed prepared with care, and most likely brought to your table by the owner operator. The seating area isn't large, or very cozy, but with the attention this place seems to be getting, I'd have to imagine the owner has planned for expansion and/or improvements. It's definitely a taco stand to watch for. Plan accordingly if you'd like to wash down your meal with a Corona (or a can of PBR), and bring it yourself. This establishment is currently BYOB.
5	Have you ever just randomly gone to a place for lunch and it is amazing?  Just popped in with a couple people had had your socks blown off?  Well that definitely happened to me here.  My wife, and old high school friend, and I stopped by for lunch here after my wife had gotten here braces put on.  The portion sizes are smaller (but don't worry the price reflects this) so we were able to get a few different things and sample a bunch of stuff.By the time it was all over I had some molotes, a tamale, the fish taco, and i think the memalita with al pastor.  The molotes are fantastic, it's kind of like a Mexican potato fritter.  Crunchy and delicious outside and the middle is fluffy and tasty.  The memalita is like a tostada but made with a sopa instead of just a regular tortilla.  The fish taco was perfect.  I don't really like fish, but the owner insisted I give it a try and I'm very glad he did.  It was by far, one of the best things I've put in my mouth.  To put it simply everything that I had was great.  And not just, "that was a good meal" great, everything was tasting perfect had great texture and the owner answered any questions I had about the food.  I tried the horchata that my friend had, and usually I hate them, but this one was awesome.  I think it had almonds and cantaloupe in it but i'm not sure, either way it was out of sight. If you are in the mood for some perfect Mexican food and want to try something just a little bit different head on down and get some amazing food.
5	Yum. My spouse and I got 3 tacos each (don't judge, they're small!) a side of rice, a side of beans, and 2 sodas for about $12!The place is tiny and a bit on the warm side, but the food more than makes up for it. I had the carne asada tacos and they were amazing. Very simple - 2 small corn tortillas, carne asada, onions, and cilantro, and delicious!We got 3 types of salsas, one red, one green, and one cilantro saucy good thing. They each had the perfect amount of flavor and heat. Our meals also came with a nice little side of grilled onions and jalapenos. They were amazing. The onions were perfectly sweet and the jalapenos had crispy, salty skin.We will definitely be back again next time we are in the area.
5	Driving by this place several times I have never stopped, that is until yelp came along! We looked this place up on yelp and they get great reviews so my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try for lunch one day and man am I happy we did!! The carne asada tacos are great; I also ordered a chicken tostada that was delicious. My boyfriend ordered a fish taco, carne asada burrito and a molote (masa fritter with potato and chorizo) all of them were great. The price is cheap & the food is fresh. It's small inside and gets a little warm on a hot summer day but it's still worth it. Don't be put off by the outside appearance & give Tacos Atoyac a try!
5	Best tacos in the Phoenix area!  The owners are incredibly friendly and helpful and prices are more than reasonable.  You can bring your own drinks (but they are not legally allowed to serve you).
5	Just moved into the area and looked to Yelp to find us a cheap and quick place to grab lunch. The reviews were spot on...best fish tacos ever. This will definitely become part of our regular rotation.
5	Nom nom nom. I think that encapsulates my entire review for Tacos Atoyac. I've been there three times now (I wanted to make sure this place was consistently awesome) and each time has been delicious. My recommendations: absolutely hit up the fish tacos and the Oaxacan hot dog. The fish tacos are fantastic - lightly battered, crunchy, crisp and tasty (yeah for being well-seasoned!). Add a little bit of lime and sprinkle with the generous side of onions they provide and you've got yourself a fantastic dinner. The portion sizes here are a bit small, but reflective of the prices. The regular tacos are all $1. The Oaxacan hot dog - grilled bun, beans, lettuce, avocado, mayo, bacon and some other items that I'm missing. So, so delicious. The only minus is that they use a pretty standard hot dog. I'd love for them to use a better quality dog, but at the price, I understand. And the toppings are fantastic. Definitely try different things. The prices are very conducive to trying different things.
5	Go first next door to 7-11 and get a Wild Cherry Slurpee. Then , when you eat the hot salsa , you have a cooling effect from the Slurpee. We had a Tlayuda with chicken(big enough to split)  and a Memelita with Carne Asada, a carne asada taco and  al pastor taco. We asked about a 100% chicharron memelita and owner said  "sure, we can put anything you want."The 3 salsas everyone mention are all awesome, We bought some green salsa to go and would have gotten the red as well but they did not have enough as they needed to make a fresh batch. I take this as a good sign of fresh food. Just an excuse to go back :)    We  liked the jalapenos and onion they served, quite lovely and tasty. Even my friend who has a hesitation for hot stuff liked them. We also forgot to order the papa y chorizo fritter thangies-damn,  another excuse to go  back. Quite a haul from Goodyear but I have a plan. Go there for lunch, then take Glendale west to Ranch Market, get some supplies there (Pollo Asada), then go farther west to La Purisima for some fresh pastries and TORTILLAS!. This is my nomnom tour
5	Total hole-in-the-wall but absolutely delicious.  We were concerned considering the location in a very run down almost empty strip mall. We found this on a fluke.Tall caucasion guy (whom I think owns the place) speaks Spanish fluently and is super nice and totally helped us out with deciding what we should eat.  The Oaxacan hot dog - phenomenal.  The street tacos were also a delight.  We tried so many things on the menu that night and none of them disappointed.  Only downside is there is no a/c besides those ones that you stick into a window.  So summer time can get pretty toasty in there.Cheap eats! A must try!
5	Absolutely the best place for the money in PHX I've had so far. Get there... get fed.
5	Tacos Atoyac are the best tacos in Phoenix. The fish tacos are amazing, carne asada, al pastor, lengua, you name it and they are great. The Oaxacan Hotdog is incredible as well. This puts other Mexican hotdogs to shame. The horchata is the best I've had in PHX as well. It has cantaloupe and walnuts in it and isn't overly spiced like a lot of other places. The location and building is deceiving, it's what's on the inside that counts anyways. The owner is super nice and personable as well. Give it a try, it will not disappoint!
5	Never would have walked into this place on my own but fortunately was with some trusted friends. Wow. What a hidden gem. Food so flavorful and just the right amount of heat in it. Have been back many times and even if I lived more than a mile away, would still make the trek here. Definitely worth it and prices so low, you can still fill your gas tank.
5	This little taco shop gets 5+ stars! The fish tacos were out of this world, breaded and fried to perfection. I also tried the al pastor taco that was marinated well and you can taste the marinade in every bite. I also tried molotes for the first time. The cilantro salsa and red salsa was homemade and oh so good and spicy. The quesadillas are like cheese crisps. I am so disappointed that I did not find this place earlier since it's so close to home. I have to try the other items in their menu soon. Price is very reasonable as their tacos range from $1-$1.50.
5	I am going to preface this by first saying that I cannot stand hot dogs. However, after seeing the pictures of the Oaxaca dog I just had to try one. It was SO delicious. I loved the crispy bacon that was in it. My husband had their menudo and said it was okay, but not much can compare to how his mom made it when he was little. My daughter, who normally orders only frijoles y arroz at every Mexican food restaurant, was "forced" to order something else too. She got one of the fish tacos, as plain as possible, and ate the fish out of the inside...then she proceeded to go order two more at which time she declared that it was "so good it's torture." I also ordered two fish tacos (my first time ever to have fish tacos as my staple is carnitas) and all I can say is...Oh. My. God. They were so yummy! Now my daughter has declared that that is her new favorite restaurant and we have to go again. And to top it off, the guy taking our order was very friendly and the place was nice and clean. Definitely going to go again.
3	Tried this place for the first time yesterday. I had the pork taco and the fish taco. The tacos range from $1-1.50, they are the tiny shell tacos like you see with street vendors. The pork is diced small and the flavor was delicious. The fish taco was good, but mine wasn't to die for. The shells in either taco were not heated. Liked the homemade salsas that accompany the tacos. The owner and his staff were very friendly. My brother had the carne asada burrito and really enjoyed the flavor. He also ordered the tamale but was not very impressed with that. Not much meat and small. The prices are great. We fed 3 people w/canned cokes for $12! If I'm ever in the area again, I will definitely go back to try other items, but won't make another special trip. All in all, a good experience! It's a small place with about 6-7 tables. At 4pm on Saturday it was busy, the patio didn't have any seating out there. Wouldn't recommend large groups unless you're doing takeout.
5	Super delicious and inexpensive. The inside is much nicer than the outside makes it seem like. Nice owners. Must have the horchata.
5	Absolutely the best fish tacos I've ever eaten!
5	I will join in on the awesome comments this place gets. The food is very very good. The carne asada is delish! I couldn't get enough. I ordered 2 tacos for myself and a tostada. Both with Carne Asada. On the way out I had to grab a couple of their carne asada burritos for dinner.Awesome!
5	!!!!!!! ***  O M G ......So GOOD  ***   !!!!!!!My family & I keep coming back to this place. We drive over 10 miles to get our fix. I think it's safe to say that we are officially hooked, and when we are jonesin for Tacos Atoyac there better not be anyone or anything standing between us and our Food!Today we all came aways lickin our chops and yummy in our Tummy. I might not brush my teeth tonight!Here's what we had:~ I had scrambled eggs with chorizo (dry), cheese, onions, potatoes, and Jalapenos. Served with side of refried black beans and spicy rice, and a little plate of grilled onions (sweet & tastey) and jalapenos.~ The little woman had a Spicy burrito:al  pastor, cheese, onions, jalapenos, mayo, avocado, ~ The kid had 5 mini carne asada tacos with cheese.
5	Thank you, Java Magazine!  Had I not picked up the latest copy at Circle K, Tacos Atoyac would have remained an unknown in my life.The food here is amazing.  For lunch I tried every taco on the menu (carne asada, al pastor, lengua, chorizo and tripa o cabeza) and one off menu (carne asada/chorizo mix) plus the Oaxacan hotdog (diced bacon, black beans) and a bottle of Mexican Coke.  Not only was it all delicious but it was dirt cheap.  All was had for just over $10.  Be sure to try the house sauces.  The have a green and red and a fantastic guacamole sauce.One of the owners mans the cash register and the other cooks your food.  Service is friendly and quick.Best tacos around.  Easily.
5	GET SOME!!go now seriously and get some.This place is easily now my top favorite mexican food joint in all of phoenix. Great cheap prices. There are three types of mexican restaurant places i go. 1) I have to for some reason. 2) I want some mexican food and this place was around. and 3) I crave this place in particular.This place falls into my number 3 category easily. I literally love the guy at the register, he was really friendly and knew his menu well. That is always a good thing when your workers actually know the menu (i think he might be the owner). It is a small place, outdoor seating if you wish and pretty clean considering the outside aesthetics. The food:Fish Tacos - Grade: A+, the fish was fresh and crunchy, the sauce was nice and tangy, the cabbage was crisp and fresh. The sauce and the lime were in perfect harmony.Quesadilla -  Grade: A+crunchy corn tortilla, um for real, soo simple yet soo delicious, crunchy all the way through, generous amounts of cheese made each bite memorableTamales (spicy chicken) - Grade:  A, i wish the maiz was a little softer, but the texture was still good. I was hoping for the chicken to be spicier but i have a pallet for spicy pain... Even though it didn't get a plus it was still really good, just wasn't what i was expecting so a slight let downPerro Oaxaca - Grade: A, the Oaxacan version of the Sonoran Hot Dog...still my votes go sonoran all the way through and through. This was REALLLY tasty still, but my only step fuss was, too much mayo on it, if it was SPICY mayo i wouldn't mind too much...My opinion for the mayo is, either do light mayo, or do a chipotle mayo and put that one top...that would be great.Glad i have found a mexican food joint i love on my side of town. I'll be back in a week when i start to crave it again.
4	5 stars rating makes me want to check out places, but I was a bit iffy when I fist came here. It's a strange looking place, but I decided to come here during daytime (made me feel safer). Once you get in...it doesn't look any much nice, BUT the staff is super friendly! I tired all the dollar tacos (I mean...how can you really go wrong, right?). BUT...I tired the FISH TACOS...oh boy oh boy!!! It's the BEST I've ever had for such a cheap price! Seriously, you MUST try them. The horchata is like a hit and miss with me, but it was the first time I ever had it with fruits and nuts...it's pretty good. The little side of grilled onions is *wiping my drool* so good! I don't prefer not to eat onions...I'm not into them, but it's so good from this place.I know this place has lots of 5 stars and you might think people are putting too much hype into the place, but go try it out and judge for yourself...but if you are craving for fish tacos...definitely hit this spot!
4	This is the place for excellent tacos. Would love to see Tacos Al Pastor on the traditional gyro spit tho.
5	Taco lovers! I have found our Mecca!Great customer service! Not many employees but the guy (owner) running the show gives you adequate expectations! So, our order came more quickly than expected... The beans are fresh tasting and topped with cotija (my favorite). Then I tasted the fish tacos. OH LOVE!Love!The salsas were fresh, spicy, and wonderful. I now have a go-to place for tacos! I spent less than 5 bucks and was full! I wonder if they can invent an endless taco... I'll take one in FISH!
5	Yes. Fish tacos @($1.50 ea) are very good!! This was my first time so not sure about the rest of the stuff. My bf had the carne asada tacos & await it was very good. Would def come back!
5	The best fish tacos I have ever had and maybe the best fish tacos in the world.  I think the tacos were $1.50 each.  How is that possible?!  My wife loved her chicken tamale, comparing it to the world-renowned tamales made by a family friend.  The guy running this place is really nice and helpful.  My highest possible recommendation.  A+
3	It was okay, nothing to write home about. I've had better so this restaurant is clearly overrated and I am assuming only at the top of food review lists because of some self-promotion possibly?
2	I love tacos and I love trying out different restaurants that serve themm so after all the positive reviews I've read here I finally tried this restaurant along with a friend.  We went this past Saturday around 2pm.  It was busy but we placed our order & took a seat and waited close to 30 minutes for our order.  A long time to wait for tacos but seeing how busy the place was I somewhat understood the long wait.  I ordered 2 fish tacos and 1 chorizo taco.  My friend ordered 2 chicken tacos.  Both of my fish tacos were cold, not lukewarm, COLD...the chorizo was warm.  I figured my fish tacos were prepared first then sat there while the rest of the order was completed.  Normally I would've sent them back but didn't have the time to wait another 30 minutes so I ate them because I was starving.  My friends tacos were served warm.  Neither of us were impressed with this place and sorry to say we won't be back because there's too many other taco places much better than this one.
4	On my last day in Phoenix I was tired of the same old boring food I was eating at the resort for a week (just thinking of it makes me ill) & wanted a burrito to gnaw on while I drove back to Vegas. I turned to yelp to help me in this quest and found Tacos Atoyac. Once in this small un-assuming place & seeing all the taco choices, I decided to dine in and try some tacos. I ordered two carne asada and two fish tacos. Also got a bottle of Coke to wash it down (I only drink Coke when it's in a bottle, weird!). Anyways, loved the basic ness of the place: order, sit down, eat, repeat! Loved the carne asada tacos. The fish tacos were good but a little salty for my taste. I liked that they serve grilled onions & peppers, they were really good. Belly full and wondering how I was going to evade another speeding ticket in the great state of Arizona while in a food coma, I hear someone order tamales. I love tamales but was way too full to even think of eating. I ask the owner if they are already warmed up & he informed me that they were cold & I could warm them up in the microwave when I got home, score!I ordered two spicy chicken tamales and rushed home (going the speed limit of course) & popped them in the microwave for two minutes. DELICIOUS!!! Omg, those were some of the best tamales I've ever had! Though I vowed to never drive to Phoenix again, if I ever do make it out here again, Tacos Atoyac will be my first stop!
4	We went there on November 23rd at around 11 am  and the place was just opening. They have about 8 tables but the place though modest, seems like clean. The prices are very reasonable and the food is good. This is not the place to take a date for the first time, or they will be underwhelmed. Its just a clean taco shop with cheap good food. We ordered burritos, carne asada tacos and a bean tostada. All of them very good. I will go back there when I go again to Phoenix.
5	Tried this place based off of all the positive reviews and all I can say is the fish tacos were outstanding as was the Tacos Al Pastor. Had some black beans and a Horchata with it and all was great.Wish it was closer so I could visit more often but will definitely be back. It is a small place so if you go at a busy time it is hard to get a table.
5	I was in this area and went here for lunch today based on the Yelp reviews. I had a molete and lengua, fish, and pastor tacos. Washed it all down with a Mexican coke, made an awesome lunch! Everything was so good I ordered a shrimp burrito to go and shared it with a friend after I left. I'll be back to try more things next time I'm in the area!
5	There's a good reason this place has a solid 4 1/2 star rating.  For food and service as good as this place offers, it not having a glowing 5 star review baffles me.  I especially don't understand any rating drop for aesthetics, the dining area is small and utilitarian, but it's clean and feels surprisingly comfortable.First and foremost, the guy who manned the register the two times I've visited, which I believe is the owner or part owner evokes images of Paul Bunyan, minus his giant blue ox.  The guy is huge and bearded, but he's one of the most personable and caring people in food service I've ever had the pleasure of interacting with.  You can sense that he genuinely cares and enjoys the company of his customers which immediately invokes the warm-fuzzies.  He'll make suggestions to help you build the most amazing Mexican meal you've ever had.  Trust his direction and you cannot go wrong.Personal anecdote time:  Today I ordered a spicy burrito.  I wanted it pretty spicy, but not quite as spicy as what I was presented with.  I still managed to wolf down more than half of the burrito and even with the excessive amount of heat, it still tasted amazing.  Eventually it wore me down so I threw in the towel and moved on to the less spicy fare.  In the end I threw out maybe 1/4 of a burrito, if not less.  After I finished eating, I stopped over at the head shop adjacent to his building and get this, the owner ran over after me, slipped me a five, and ran off.  He gave me a refund on a burrito I all but finished eating.  Nearly brought a tear to my eye.Moving on to the food, I don't think I can write anything that will do it justice.  I'm just not that good of a writer.  Simply put, I've never had Mexican that tasted as good as this.  The concoction the meats are marinaded in is otherwordly.  The tortillas are heavenly.  I'm at a loss for words when trying to describe the food.  I know this seems like hyperbole, but dammit, the food DEMANDS hyperbole in trying to describe it.  Experience it, and love it.
5	Can I push this nasty half star from a full five problem over the edge....? Don't know, don't care. In my professional life of eating an assortment of awesome tacos, this one is pretty stellar and gets my FULL FIVE!I crave taco tastiness in fine establishments and dirt holes (this is neither of the above). If they have good food, who cares, right? Atoyac (I pronounce I-O Tech...but my Spanish is not that great, I think it is Ah Toy ach) is SADLY not open on Sundays or Mondays. This is sad because I usually need some sort of tasty awesomeness to beat Mondays. That being said I will take Taco Tuesday! Try every kind. I have not had the CABESA yet. I am working my way up to it...like a runner. My friend and I ordered about 24 tacos for our work group. The guy taking our order swears he has had that many in one sitting. Wow that is dedication to your job. Gold star.Others swear by the burritos served here. I guess I will have that as my side next time I go there. Is it Tuesday yet?
5	What you've heard/read is all true, this place is terrific. $1 street tacos were all amazing -- loved the Al Pastor, Carne Asada was wonderful, Chorizo was excellent, and the Fish my wife ordered was as good as any I've had. The Mole plate was to die for; a little spicier than usual, but rich and complex.  Delicious churros stuffed with flan and drizzled (honey? caramel? don't know & don't care)  As promised, the owner/operator is just a sweet, funny bear of a man.  Order at the counter and he'll bring you your tray.  Taste is right up there with Fuego Tacos and La Condesa, but a lot less expensive (four of us ate wonderfully for $25).  Eat there before word gets out.
5	I was skeptical at first upon going here. Their sign was seriously hand-written. I love hole in the walls, but sometimes it's too hole-in-the-wallish and downright bad. Not so with this gem. The owner of the place was running the cash register and looked totally out of place. Tall white dude serving Mexican food? He spoke Spanish too. He was extremely nice and funny. He had his son running around serving everyone - I loved that family vibe.After we ordered a ton of food for all of like $14 we sat down and patiently waited. It was a bit of wait, but it was also fairly crowded. I could see the people hard at work in the back. They were legit hand-rolling the tamales. Impressed! I ordered something called a "Molote" which I've never had before. It was like a potato thing stuffed with chorizo. Awesome. I had 2 of them and literally inhaled them. I also inhaled a bunch of carne asada tacos and a shrimp taco as well. They come with some very tasty salsa and unknown green sauce. There was a fish taco in the mix which wasn't as good as the rest of the food, but no matter. For the price we paid, I was a happy camper. It was weird, when I left I felt "meh" about that place, but now sitting here typing this I seriously crave it. That's good food! I still prefer La Condesa, but they're more for gourmet tacos. This is your $2 taco fix right here, boys and girls.
5	I can't get enough of this place. Just go. It's kind of in the hood, but shit, if you want you can get a $10 fade and fix that bong that has been sitting in your closet in the same parking lot. Besides the fade and bong stem, make sure you get the best $1.50 fish taco of your life.Amenities are minimal, but if you are not stuck on the glitz and actually enjoy food this is the place to be!
5	This may very well conclude my search for really, really good tacos. The place is inconspicuous, really easy to miss, especially with the rather small name sign outside. But you'll always see cars pulling into and out of the parking spaces in front. Inside, the atmosphere is pretty sparse but the friendliness of the people, the incredible prices (see the menu pics I posted), and the delicious food more than make up for it. I tried the carne asada, al pastor, tripa - I ordered it extra crunchy - and lengua ... all superb!  The tacos come with a side of sauteed onions and jalapenos, which very nicely complement the flavors of the tacos. This is definitely a place for many, many repeat visits.
5	Freakin' awesome. A defensive end size man with the coolest Easter island tattoos takes your order. If you want freshly made to order food in bite size attractively priced- here is your place. The flavor profile of each menu item is well thought out and balanced, and delightfully not swimming in oil. Authentic, no nonsense, and well worth the trip. Will be back to try the tamales which were sold out!
4	After driving by this place several times and reading the reviews, my girlfriend and I decided to try this place last night.  It's definitely a little hole in the wall and what it doesn't deliver in ambience it sure makes up for in food.  We tried several items on the menu: chicken and fish tacos, shrimp burrito, memelita with chorizo and a campechano taco.  The burrito was flavorful and full of shrimp and rice.  My gf didn't share the chicken taco with me but said it was very good.  Tasty fish taco.  And the campechano was great, beef cooked with chroizo.  The big winner for me was the memlita, a disc of lightly cooked masa covered with black beans, some queso fresco and topped with the meat of your choice.  It was fanatastic and all that food plus a mexican coke for about 16 bucks.  We are definitely going back and actually have talked about going back today for lunch as a break in Christmas shopping.  It will be put on our regular rotation.
5	Favorite hole in the wall Mexican place in PHX the owner is the man.  Everything I've had here was great. The tlayuda is like a huge Mexican pizza with chicken highly recommend it.
5	MMMM!  After reading about this place for months my hubby and I discovered a tasty treasure in TA!   We entered a spotless restaurant engulfed in wonderful smells.  The previously described owner was easily recognizable, greeted us warmly, and shared a bit of history of the restaurant's inception- and acknowledged his partner Pablo furiously cooking away in the kitchen.  We ordered the Fish Tacos ( crunchy and fresh), Tacos al Pastor (so full of flavor that my taste buds had a meltdown), Carne Asada Quesadilla (comfort food galore with just the right mix of meat and cheese between two succulent tortillas), and the scrumptious Churros (oozing with a creamy center and laced with caramel).  $15 for all this bliss!  We don't live in the area, but this gem will certainly be a food destination for us on a regular basis.
5	I absolutely love this place. I have had the carne asada, lingua, fish, chorizo, al pastor and horchata and all are phenomenal. To top it off the owner is really nice and makes sure everyone is happy. There is a reason this guy has been in the last three issues of Phoenix magazine. Go there now, you won't regret it!
5	really great tacos
5	Simple, inexpensive, delicious.  Not only are the ingredients fresh, the restaurant clean, and staff friendly, the food speaks for itself.  I was so impressed with the authenticity of the Oxacan food here, that I have been back for more many, many more tacos.  It's rare that this place is slow but when it is, I've had the opportunity to talk a bit with the owner.  He is so enthusiastic about his food, and it shows.  My usual routine is to order my food (I've tried it all, and it's all fantastic) then walk around the corner to the liquor store and get a beer.  By the time I get back to the restaurant, my food is ready and I eat.  Beer + tacos... It's perfect.  The menu is simple and the prices are great.
4	Went there today as a result of so many good reviews on Yelp.  Our experience was the same as many of your other reviewers.  My wife was reluctant to go there because of it's location but because others said it was fine, in we went.  The inside is really quite nice and very clean.  The big man who took our order was big and husky with a beard and tatoos on his arm but he wasn't at all intimidating.  In fact he was very well spoken and seemed at home in both Spanish and English.  We warmed to him almost immediately.We got three different tacos which were the mini-tacos and they were very good.  We finished with a beef tamale each which were also very good but would have benefited from a spoon of chili on them but they were good just as they were.The place was almost full and stayed full the entire time we were there.  We will definitely be back.  So many things to try and experience.Great eating experience.
4	The place is small and can use some remodeling, but that does not matter, because the food is so good! Authentic, tasty, and dont even get me started on that side of sweet grilled onions!I will be coming back for sure, and of course i will be bringing people with me ;)  It's hard to find a GOOD taco place in Phoenix, and i think i might just have found my "gem" in this desert.
5	YUM! Must go. Perfection location in case you need a gun, tattoo, tire change, or to hit up a smoke shop too:)
5	I've heard nothing but good things about Tacos Atoyac and I convinced my father to join me on my taco adventure this evening. You can barely see the restaurant's sign at night so you really have to pay attention where you're going. I expected the restaurant to be small but I was really impressed with how clean it was in there. A restaurant can never be too clean! I scanned the menu and decided to try out a few tacos. I ordered one fish taco, one carne asada taco, one al pastor taco, a side of rice and beans, and a fish taco for dad. I almost didn't order the al pastor taco but the big guy at the register told me he eats one al pastor burrito everyday. I didn't know If I was gonna like it so I just got the taco. You gotta try the al pastor burrito. I say burrito because one taco just won't do it. After you eat one taco you'll want like ten more so just do yourself a favor and order the burrito with extra green sauce. I should have listened to the big guy. The two fish tacos were served in one dish and even though I ordered one for me and one for my dad I never got the pleasure of trying that delicious taco treat because my dad ate them both! He knew one was for me but just devoured them one after another. I forgive him. If that happened to me I'd probably do the same thing. The rice wasn't mind blowing but the beans were pretty tasty and all the salsas I tried were great. Tacos Atoyac does not mess around when it comes to the taste and quality of their food. I can say with no hesitation that this is the BEST Mexican food I have ever had. Get your booty here and see what all the fuss is about!
5	Great cheap food. Bring a Tums with you, just in case. I don't know how they can have such amazing low prices and still have a great tasting taco?! Makes me wonder... but more power to them.This is a great place to hit on your way to Scottsdale if you don't want to pay 9 or 13 bucks for a burger. The place is made for the budget minded college student. I wish I had a place lik this near my school! I also wish they were open later, but from what I heard they get a lot of rift raft so they close early to prevent such events. The front is very nice, I order about $35 worth of food (which is a lot of food w. their prices) and was patient with my mangling threw the order.I will come back to this place again, as long they keep making the food does make me sick. SO far they have keep me going!R\_
5	This place is great! Get the Oaxacon hotdog...amazing! Everything here is fresh and authentic! Churros are amazing!
5	if you blink your eye, you will miss this little gem, located on the side of a strip mall on west glendale..right across the street from the fry's store at 19th avenue.  i have visited this tiny establishment twice now, and yup, size does not count, at least in this case. what does count is the fresh food, and the hospitable service provided by a bald guy like me, but with a goatee that could kill. he is a gentle giant, who is knowledgable about everything on this oaxaqen menu. that's right, do not look for the usual sonoran grub here, you will not find it. but you will find the best fish tacos in town, i believe i was munching on catfish, in a batter that was just perfecly cooked.i have also had the chance to try their bean and cheese burro, shrimp burro and large toasted tortilla with meat, along with black beans, grilled onions. cheese, and other ingredients. the carne asada was lean and tasty. they have agua frescas, one time i tried their coconut and today the horchata., simply one of the best horchata drinks i have ever had. a bit sweet, but so refreshing with the food. a perfect compliment. people were waiting out the door to dine in and when i came to pick up my order, the place was rocking. it is totally understanable that they might miss something, and in my case they forgot to pack my four fish tacos. i called them and they said come on back. they had remade them for me with a 5 dollar bill. i asked the gentle giant why is there a five dollar bill on top of the box...and he replied,'for the extra as you had to use to come back, of course". of course, like any other place would have done that. this is a keeper, and hope when you want to try something a bit different from the usual mexican fare, you headto 1830 west glendale--the northeast corner of glendaleand 19th ave..or call 864-2747. they are open tuesday thru sat from 10-9pm. you will thank me for this. oh, did i mention the prices. the most expensive item on the menu was the multi topped tortilla, probably a 12 inch diameter, chocked with goodies..enough for two people with large appetites.  tomorrow nite heading to try the vietnamese place that opened on 7th st..called rice paper. i will let you know in a few days how that went. meanwhile, tacos atoyac is the atomic bomb when it comes to great mexican food. salud!
5	Fish tacos and the Oaxaca hotdogs are *amazing*. As a slight warning, the strip mall it's located in is shady as hell and occasionally some weird (and smelly) customers will make the experience take a turn for the strange. But the bottom line is, the tacos are amazing and these guys deserve all the attention they can get. Shout out to the bald dude with the beard!
5	The food is amazing. If there is any wait as a few people have mentioned, it is well worth it. The very limited bad reviews seem to come from those people who complain about everything. You've all been out with them before and it always proves to be awkward because they find some insignificant thing to complain about. Please go here and support local small businesses. The tall guy everyone talks about in reviews said he and one of the cooks started the place and run it everyday. It's authentic and delicious.
5	Really awesome tacos. The Al Pastor is my #1.  I get some bad cravings for this food and I'm not ashamed to admit it. The guy running the register is super nice and funny.
5	Tacos Atoyac is in a very unassuming location next to a 7-Eleven and a smoke shop but don't be fooled the food is lights out!!! Tried most every item on their menu and have been pleased with everything that I've tried. The Pastor and Fish Tacos are some of the best you're likely to find anywhere, the burros are killer as well! One suggestion is to call in your order ahead of time if you are going to try and go during the lunch rush, can take as long as 30-40 minutes for your order to come up. That being said there are certainly times where you can walk right up and order and easily find a place to sit, I've found that's usually after 2:00 p.m. Grew up in Southern California surrounded by incredible Mexican food, this place could hold it's own against the best out there for sure!
4	Tasty food , silly cheap prices. Try this place out for simple paper plate folding chair dinner.
5	A true gem that helps us 'gringos' understand that the Mexican menu is a beautiful tapestry that  extends beyond our Chimichanga laden imagination. Superb Oaxacan style street food that captures the essence of one the best culinary regions in the world. All they need now is to replace that nearby bar with an open area to showcase some voladores de papantla in the parking lot.My recommendation is to try all of the dishes that you won't normally find in your traditional Mexican joints.  Things like the Tlayuda.
5	So here you are...  reading this review. What you should be doing is DRIVING THERE  FOR FISH TACOS... NOW!!!! :)Folks, this is some good eating. I also got the spicy carne asada burro. delicioso! If you plan on eating there, go around 11:15ish.. If not, you might want to consider taking it to go. One more thing. Someone stated that the wait is worth it, and I totally agree. No, it wasn't fast food per say, but I was in and out in 45 minutes grinning from ear to ear. See you every week from now on Atoyac!
5	The food is excellent and the best part of the restaurant is that the patio is open now!  Well that may not be the best part, but it is a welcome addition.  The fish tacos are the best I've had and you can't go wrong with the dollar tacos.  If you're feeling adventurous, order a cabeza taco... It's awesome and after all for a dollar, what do you have to lose.
5	If you're thinking to yourself, "aw man, it's just mexican food, there are a thousand mexican restaurants in Phoenix," stop whatever you're doing, come to Tacos Atoyac, and try some awesome, authentic mexican food.  This place is unassuming, in a "blink-and-you'll-miss-it" kind of way, but do not judge this book by its cover.  Try it, love it.
4	This place rocks. Awesome tacos and a variety of meats to choose from. Very affordable. The owner is very nice, everything is excellent.
3	Food is great but today is the second time I've driven from Goodyear for lunch only to find them not open at their posted time and a little cardboard sign saying "open at 11:30 today". I arrived at 10:45 (to be first in line) and had a limited time for lunch so I could not wait until 11:30 for them to open.I was so looking forward to their fish tacos and a Horchata.
5	What can you say but great food at great prices. A little bit of a wait for the food. We had tacos al pastore and carene asada, and the little masa fritters. it was great. I liked the fritters a lot would order them again in a heartbeat.  the tacos were awsome as well.
5	Awesome....but don't tell anyone...it's our secret!
5	Was in Phoenix for spring training and went in quest of the best tacos in town.  Score!  Yes, it is small and in a rather funky neighborhood.  No the decor is not going to win any contests.  And this is not fast food; if you want your tacos in a hurry, go to Taco Bell.  You can absolutely tell that the guy behind the counter is VERY serious about his craft.  As a couple of other reviewers mentioned, the menu is very simple and posted on the wall.  There were a few things on there I had never heard of including a little fritter type of thing made of masa and stuffed with chorizo and potatoes.  WOW, two bites of paradise.  And I had to try the Oaxacan hot dog.  I am guessing it is not really a traditional Oaxacan dish, but damn it was good.  My buddy tried four different tacos and reported that they were all excellent.  Oh, and I asked the guy what the must eat item was on the menu, to which he replied "Fish Taco"  Best fish taco I have ever had.  Period, hands down, no argument.  So do not take your prom date here (or if you can take your prom date to a place like this, marry her!)  Take your appetite and appreciation for simple food done right.
5	Best tacos/mexican food I have had in Arizona since my move from CaliforniaThis is the closest I have found to the AMAZING taco trucks in LA.Friendly service, the owner (big bald guy with the beard) is super friendlyJust wish it was closer/in a nicer area
4	Came here late during the week so there was no line so if you're busy place adverse just go then. I got a few tacos here some chorizo tacos and some fish tacos. The tacos are small street food style so I would say order double what you would normally order at a standard taco place. Both the tacos were excellent  and super fresh and flavorful. The fish taco was likely the best I've ever had in my life but I am not a fish taco expert. I also got some rice and some churros (both pretty tasty). For drink I got a pineapple soda but probably should have tried the horchata. Basically this is a no frills restaurant with good tacqueria food and that is about it so don't expect anything more.
5	This is one of those true gems of the area. The restaurant itself looks super run-down (located right next to a liquor store and 'smoke shop'), but the quality to price ratio is just ridiculously high. I cannot recommend the fish tacos enough. If you live in the valley you have to visit this place at least once. Maybe not on a first date though. . .On a side note: my wife is basically a known name at this place. Her entire office orders every Tuesday for lunch. It started out just her, and then as news of how good and cheap Atoyac is spread around, everyone was ordering.
4	I have never actually been inside, I hope it is better than the sketchy outside, but they produce some darn good tacos!I was helping friends move and they picked up tacos for us to eat for lunch....the al pastor were my favorite, tender, flavorful and perfect in those warm corn tortillas with a squeeze of lime.  I like the carne asada also, but the pastor were by far the best.We also got some sort of carne asada Mexican pizza, I was excited to try it, but it didn't really live up to my expectations, I thought it was a bit dry.I need to venture back and go inside (but only in the daylight) and check out what other treasures they have hiding on their menu.  I have heard the fish tacos are amazing!
3	Was in Phoenix for a weekend seeing two spring training ballgames.  Saw this highly rated on Yelp so went over there.  I am a taco joint junkie anad have been to many all over the country, but would not go back here, unless I were in the neighborhood and were super hungry, or somehow desperate.  Here's an itemization:PROS - Really excellent staff;  super attentive, super caring. - Cans of pop are only 75 cents. - You can eat inside or outside. - The thick taco was interesting and almost satisfying.CONS -  The flavor accents for the taco, thick taco, and tamale I had were completely bland, completely forgettable. - The two small parsings of salsa in little plastic containers were completely bland, completely forgettable.This place has a classy looking menu board, some classy staff, and some utterly indescript food.Next day went to a Mexican Seafood place on 16th (also a top rating on Yelp), and now it makes me very much regret that I chose to spend stomach-space here.   (Though I didn't have the fish tacos at Atoyac, and maybe that would have made things different?)
5	Amazing fresh tacos. Don't miss this place.
5	Seriously, undoubtedly GOOD.Carne, Pastor, Pollo, Shrimp, Fish tacos or burritos or salads or taquitos you just cannot go wrong.    Tortillas, mexican hot dog, tortas, homemade salsas all above and beyond what you would expect.Friendly owners with a story and a smile...all great.This is not an average taco shop.  It is truly extraordinary.  ........Best Taco Shop in Phoenix. Period.
5	I have picky kids but they loved this place. I live nearby but had never tried them before. We were literally led there from across the street by the enticing aroma. The prices were affordable and the food was amazing. This is our new place to eat.
4	I've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and was always hesitant about going in based on what it looks like from the street. I've wasted a year with inferior taco shops!The service is friendly, and it may take longer to get your food than at other places, but it's worth it.  I can't say that the fish tacos are the best I've ever had, but they are only overshadowed by those I got in Cabo San Lucas.I'm a big guy, with a big guy's appetite, and I got absolutely stuffed here for less than $9, which included 2 cans of soda (at 75 cents each). Tacos Atoyac is as close to Mexico City street food as I've seen anywhere outside of Mexico City.  Don't be thrown off by the big gringo at the counter, this T.A. is authentic Oaxaca in north Phoenix.
5	This place is the bomb. Yup, I said it. I ordered 3 barbacoa and 3 carne asada and they were both delicious. The onions and peppers were such an awesome treat to go with the tacos and at $1 each, such a sweet deal. The guacamole sauce was also really nice. Why are you still reading? Go! Nuff said!!
5	This place is great. Came here when I 1st moved to Phoenix about 7 months ago. I live so close by so I had to try it. The carne asada tacos are great. Nice grilled onion, only $1. The meat it nicely seasoned. The owner of the place is a real nice guy. The service it not that quick, but the quality of the food mos def makes up for it. I would visit this place all the time.
5	Everything here tastes amazing... and with the prices, its hard to go anywhere else. It can get pretty busy during lunch time, so get here early :)
5	I hereby join the loud chorus of Yelpers declaring this little place The Bomb.Fish Tacos are indeed some of the best around.  All the meats were very tasty.Can't wait to return and try a few more items on the menu !!
4	You need to have the carne asada tacos! They are small (street taco) but very delicious! Salsa verde and guacamole sauce is flavorful. This place is inexpensive, tasty and the owner is super nice! We will be back again to this "hole in the wall" hidden treasure!
4	This place is legit. There are tons of things on the menu I've never even heard of. It's in a questionable area but for food this tasty, I don't mind locking the car doors and windows.Pros:-The tacos are amazing. The sauces really complement the tacos and remind me of gourmet taco sauce with barrio pricing.-Tacos come with grilled onions and other veggies. How awesome is that?-If you're looking for legit tacos and Mexican food, this is the place.Cons:-Kind of difficult to find. -If you're looking for date night, this is not the place. -Not in the most desirable area.Verdict:This is a definite must try if you're ever in the area. Owner is very nice too!
5	I visited this place after reading the great reviews. I was in the general area for work and enjoy the places locals go to. This place did not disappoint. I have always been weird about fish tacos and never really gotten into them. Since this place was very reasonable with prices ($1 carne asada tacos / $1.50 fish tacos) I decided to take the plunge. I ate it last after taking one bite because I personally save the best for last. Both tacos were excellent and despite outside appearances, this place was delicious.
5	This place was a total surprise! From the outside it looks like just another run down mexican restaurant, but I was impressed with how clean and well kept the inside was. The staff were very friendly and patient with me as I asked a lot of questions about their menu. My food was fantastic! The fish tacos were awesome, nothing was overly greasy like other mexican restaurants I've been to. This is definitely a place to try at least once.
4	Good tacos, good service and kid friendly. We'll definitely be returning on our next visit to the Phoenix area.
5	I drive past this place all of the time. I finally stopped in tonight, and I am so glad I did!  The menu is not huge, but big enough to offer variety. I chose all carne asada--2 tacos, a quesadilla, beans and rice, and a spicy burro-all to take home and split with my hubby. Everything was so good! The carne asada was tender and perfectly seasoned. We will definitely return for future carry out. Yum Yummy!
5	Spectacular! The food is right on...The sauces that they stash alongside the food are so good! I had takeout today and got this little baggy of roasted onions and jalapeno, very tasty.  Just speaking of the sides I'm astounded, the lunch was just as impressive. Beautiful, tasty fish tacos and carne asade tacos. I got these two because of the many reviews suggesting them. I was not disappointed. To top it all off I got a big cup of horchata, it was divine. It was not too watery at all. It was very milky like and had a slight sweetness with of course the Cinnamon shining through. Great place. I plan on many more returns.
5	I've been working in the area for the past 2 years and somehow this place eluded me until last week. Driving past the place the exterior gives off that muffler shop / used tire store kind of vibe, but you just need to have some faith. Park your car, take a deep breath, walk through the steel security bar front door and prepare to enter a world of taco nirvana. Carne asada, al pastor, fish, chorizo, lengua... all the great street tacos you had and loved in Rocky Point but were too drunk to remember. With the exception of the fish, the tacos are true street taco size so take the number of tacos you usually order at Rubio's or Baja Fresh and double it. Don't start complaining, these puppies only cost a buck.I stuck with the tacos on my visit which were all excellent. A few in our group ordered tamales, menudo and quesadillas and said they were great as well.Don't be scared. Go here.
5	Love, Love, Love this place!!! The best fish tacos in town. They also make a little plate for my daughter with rice, beans, meat, and a tortilla for only $2! The service is phenomenal and I always make sure to tell all of my customers at the restaurant I work at to try it.
5	I love this place. It's always crowded whenever I go and I can understand why. Great food at great prices. I love the fish tacos they are to die for and the sauces on the side they give are so yummy. Friendly service. I will be back for more fish tacos!
1	Food is not as good as pictures look the beans tasted like sink water steak was nasty with no flavor . Pastor tacos were not like the pictures. only thing that was good was the hot dog . Not sure if ill come back unless im hungry for there hotdogs
3	The fish tacos are good but must eat them there. Rice was great. Everything else was just okay.
5	I've been here 5 times now and it's excellent every time.  The service is friendly and the food comes out fast.  The fish tacos are the star of the menu.  Tasty and delicious.  The carne asada tacos are also very good.  The shrimp burrito is frickin' amazing but order is without the lettuce.
4	This little dive got some extra recognition last week when it was featured in an article on Yahoo about "the ten best tacos in America".  I'd never heard of it, and was excited to try it.Got there right around noon, and there was a line of about 10-12 people.  It went quick, and my order was taken - very good customer service, very friendly.  However, it took nearly 30 minutes for me to get my food.  It may just be today, so it's not going to stop me from coming back, but that is just too long.When my food finally did arrive, it was amazing.  I had two carne asada tacos, one chicken, one fish.  The fish taco is their standout - very fresh, just right.  The others were great as well.If you're looking for a romantic atmosphere with candles on the table, and light jazz music in the corner, look elsewhere!  This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.  Tacos Atoyac is worth a trip to the West side - but if you're like me and live or work nearby, you should get over there - but maybe avoid the peak hours, just in case.
1	I don't know what all the buzz is about with this place.  After seeing it on the news, we gave it a try.  Not impressed.  We tried the fish taco, shrimp taco, chicken taco, and the quesadilla. After all the reviews I'd read, I started to think we were in the wrong place. Whatever the lettuce/cabbage mix on the taco was, was nasty and wilted. The corn tortillas fell apart. The flour tortillas were awesome though. They screwed up our order, served people that had just shown up and before people that were there before us.  Won't be going there again.
4	Great spot for tasty small Mex...Highly recommended spot, you won't be disappointed!
5	Easily the best fish tacos in town!
3	I had the fish tacos, however the fish was battered and deep fried.  The tacos were ok but not the best  have ever had.
5	Had heard great things about this place for a few months so last night decided to check them out.They are closed Sundays and Mondays so keep that in mind and they close I believe at 9:30pm on the days they are open....... I had shrimp and carne asada tacos and my bf had the carne asada burrito and the fish tacos. The tacos were really good not the best I had ( best I had was in Chicago) but they were really good. The shrimp tacos were not too small which is something I see every time I order shrimp tacos elsewhere.  But my bf absolutely loved the fish tacos he ordered. The burrito only had pico so I would suggest asking to put guac or whatever else you like in your burritos. The service was great. The owner/manager was very polite and helpful. The place needs a little tlc but if you can look past the decor you will not be disappointed. I will be returning to this place really soon.
5	It's delicious! But shhhhh, don't tell anyone else, lol.  Place gets packed real quick but totally worth the wait.  I tried three different things, the fish taco, carne taco, and the hotdog.  Fish was really good, tasted fresh.  Carne had great flavor and the hotdog was yummy with the avocado and bacon toppings.. mmmm..   What really stood out to me was the different sauces they included, everyone had a different flavor that really set off the food.  I don't live right by the place but would differently drive a few more miles  to eat here.
5	Best damn taco's and food I have had EVER!!
4	I have eaten at Tacos Atoyac a half a dozen times and sampled much of the menu, but I always find myself going back to these three:1) Fish Tacos2) Shrimp Burrito3) Crispy QuesidillaThose three items make me a regular here. I have also tried the asada, pastor and chorizo tacos. They are small and cheap which is nice, but I don't love them since the soft tortillas are a little dry for my liking. That being said, the top three items I mentioned are 5 stars all the way and I am addicted to each of them!  It is nice that you get salsa and avocado sauce on the side for free.I often find myself falling into a deep dark depression on Monday nights when I am getting a fish taco craving and I see they are closed as I drive by. Ugh, tonight may be one of those nights. :(
4	Atmosphere - very small and lacked air conditioning. Whole in the wall kind of place. Fish tacos - Super!!! Nice and hot. When you take your first bite, CRISP and flavorful. You may need to consume at least four to be full. They are mini tacos. No salsa bar. They give you tiny containers with sauce. Expect long lines, since they were featured on yahoo.
4	Food is excellent. Facility is uncomfortably small with limited seating and the place needs better AC. The best sauces served anywhere.
5	Best TACOS in town. Hands down. There are a few taco trucks in phoenix I know of but too far for more on most days. This place takes the cake. This is a must try if you like street tacos and more of an authentic type of Mexican Food. Not Arizona Mexican...EAT HERE BUT BEWARE - LUNCH IS LIKE A COOL SPOT IN LOS ANGELES, CA. LINE AROUND THE BLOCK! (maybe not around the block, but out the door. Don't worry it doesn't take that long and you can meet someone in line)
5	I can't stop eating here.  The prices are cheap, the service is friendly and the food is OUTSTANDING.   All of their sauces are good, try them all.  This is traditional street food with some extras on the menu.  My favorites are the fish tacos, quesadilla with carna asada.  Don't skip on the horchata, possible the best in the Valley.   Do not be afraid of the exterior, once that taco hits your taste buds you will forget all about it.
5	Just discovered this place that's around the corner from my apt! It's AWESOME!!!  Definitely worth the drive if you're coming from far east or west valley!! Happy eating Yelpers!!!
5	there is none better.  This taco shop is off the beaten path hidden and mixed in next to a smoke shop and behind a circle k.  Parking can be at a premium but the payoff is the food.  great friendly service, low key on the inside and flavors and textures that rock your socks off!!  I mean really.  My favorite taco shop in the valley, or more to the point prob. one of the best in the west!  the burros are as think as a mans arm, the tacos are soooo good. i especially like the chorizo, the lingua is good, the carne is excellent.  have a cane sugar coke in a bottle and find a seat, inside or out you will savor the flavors and be sure to use the sides of grilled peppers and onions, they make the meal for me.  now where to go for lunch ?
5	When I came here for my first visit, last December, it was cold inside & they had run out of tamales, so it cost them a Star.  This time it was a bit warm inside, but with it 114 degrees outside, I was inclined to cut them a little slack.  Also, the food here is so special that you just can't hold them down to 4 Stars forever.  Really!     :-)So anyhow, this little madhouse was filled to capacity, at 7:45 PM this evening, but I got lucky & scored a table, & ordered a Taco de Asada (steak), a Taco de Pescado (breaded fish), & a Red Chile Beef Tamale.My order arrived at the table in a short time despite the crowd, & was accompanied by both red & green salsa cups & a tray of grilled onions & green peppers to add on to everything.So, how was the food?  OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD!!  Yes, this very plain little place makes itself very special & Mr. Big Guy running the place found the time to give me a strong "thank you" for coming, just as he did last time.Taco de Asada:  $1.25Taco de Pescado:  $2.00Tamale de Carne de Res:  $2.00I think this friendly, busy, noisy, plain little place with its inexpensively priced sensational food is ABSOLUTELY 5 STARS!!     :-))
5	I just moved to Scottsdale from San Francisco four months ago and I've been pretty disappointed overall with the selection of food and the worst servers in all of the country are found in this entire city. I'm a big food critic and a foodie and I am always searching for the best places anywhere I go.Since I moved here I've been searching for a really good Mexican place and all of them have left me not even wanting to waste my time writing a review. Many of them are trying to be very 'creative' by adding ingredients that should never even have them to begin with! (i.e., it must be a thing here to have guacamole with craisins or some kind of dried fruit...that is just THE most disgusting thing I've ever had and to be honest I feel bad for these restaurants that do this). Tacos Atoyac definitely grabbed my attention. A true hole in the wall place, overall great!Some of the items may have lacked seasoning, however they don't try to be creative. I do wish they offered a salsa that did have bigger flavor, bolder, and spicier. When ordering tacos, they give you a side of 'cebollas ahogadas' which are basically onions sauteed softly which is very authentic from a few regions in Mexico. They could have been sauteed a bit more but still very nicely done.I heard from the grapevine the tall gentleman at the counter speaks perfect Spanish and seems to me he would be more than gladly to answer any questions you might have on the menu which is very easy and no bullshit either. That's great!Overall, I would recommend this place and would most definitely come back. It's a bit far a commute for me living in Kierland, but it is definitely worth my gas.Congratulations!
5	Holey mother of awesomeness! I've been here twice now and am just as enthusiastic about the joint as i was the first time ( I didn't review the first time because I had been drinking all day and, well, everything tastes good after that). In my quest to ensure my kids are total foodies like me,  I took my little 5 year old daughter to dinner here. First off, let me tell you that you'll pass the place if you're not careful. It seems small, but is suprisingly roomy. On to the good stuff, er should I say GREAT stuff. The menu is focused, probably 20 items on the menu. They range from tacos to tortas, tamales etc. WE ended up getting 5 tacos (fried fish (2), pastor,lengua and tripa. I also got a Oaxacan hot dog and a horchata. The dog was out of this world. It had beans, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, jalapeno and crema. Killer. The tacos are great too, and only $1.25 which is why I gobbled so many of them. the horchata was BY FAR the best I've ever had. Total damage...only $17!!!!! Say Whaaat????  Just a super awesome place, great service with a super proud owner (I assume, big dude. Nicest big guy in the world). He even let my daughter look in the kitchen!! Go there, now. Drop what you're doing and go. I can't wait to go back to this awesome joint!!
4	Very, very good!  We ordered 4 asada tacos (1.25 each), 1 pastor taco, 3 tamales (1 chicken 1 beef), 4 fish tacos, side of black beans.The order arrived in a quick and friendly manner from the bald guy with the goatee.  He was quite courteous and helpful in the ordering process.  We showed up at about 8pm on a Friday night, and the place was about half full with diners and a couple of people waiting for to-go orders, so there was enough room for us to sit and dine.The platter came with our order plus a bevy of VERY tasty sauces (the roasted flavor in the salsas in fantastic) as well as the side of sauteed onions and peppers, which come in very handy as you add your seasoning touches to your tacos.The grades were pretty much unanimous from our table:Tacos Asada:  8/10.  Very good, and improved with the use of the hot green salsa.Tacos Pastor:  9/10.  WOW, did not expect that lovely BBQ sweetness!Tamales:  6/10.  Too dry, and our nine year old declared the beef one to be "too bland"Black Beans: 10/10. perfectly seasoned and not overly worked into a thick paste like so many other places.Fish Tacos:  9.25/10.  Pretty much near perfection, can't really think of any better ones in the Valley!Overall: 8.5 out of ten.  If the tamales improve, we'll be rewriting this and giving them a well-deserved 5 stars!
4	Best fish tacos. Home made tortillas and a bit of spice on the batter fried fish. Only $2.00. A lot of choices for smaller corn tortilla meat tacos for $1.25. Mexican soda. Not a big place, but I usually get them to go anyway!
4	Aahhh the hotdog!! It was YUMMINESS.  It's kinda scary on a Friday night as it's wedged between a smoke shop and another shady looking place but well worth it.  They have amazing fish tacos and a great Oaxacan hotdog (try it, it's better than you think) Since all of the items on their menu are pretty cheap you can order a bunch of random stuff to try and still be within the price of an average meal. Love that they have small street style tacos so I can have a good sampling of the meats. Don't forget to get a Molote (meat wrapped in masa harina and friend to perfection. They dress it like a taco and it's....soooo good!) My boyfriend loves the horchata and I like the mexican sodas and how cheap everything is. The decor is no frills but the friendliness of the staff and the amazing food more than make up for it.  This is definitely one of my new favorites!
3	I was looking forward to a meal at Tacos Atoyac after reaing such great reviews.  I have to say that I was not overly impressed with the food.  The tacos were okay but not as great as I was led to believe with such glowing reviews.  We tried a variety from the fish to the lengua.  Actually the lengua was yummy but the rest we tried were just ok.  The service was good and the restaurant appeared clean.  The AC was on the wimpy side.
5	This place is excellent.  Hands down, the best tacos I've had.  Fresh and flavorful meats and great salsas.  I see people raving about some of the "salsa bars" at all of the 'berto's and such but the salsa there is like water compared to what Tacos Atoyac has to offer.  They care about what they are serving and take pride in their craft.If you like the style of food here you must try Sonora Mesquite Grill on 46th Street and Thomas.
4	My first time in the American Southwest.  The tacos here are very different from East Coast tacos.  Tacos Atoyac is small and definitely a hole in the wall but the tacos are excellent!  We shared the fish, shrimp, carne asada, and chorizo tacos.  All are reasonably priced and simple but cooked to perfection.  Another nice touch, and maybe due to the proximity to Mexico but the sodas are all real sugar.  The service and staff are very nice and down to Earth.  If I have time I'll be stopping by before I leave AZ.
2	I don't know why this place has amazing reviews. It has the typical signs of success: meager frame, limited customer service, few choices, and relatively inexpensive. The problem is Tacos Atoyac does not deliver in food quality. The hotdog was the best that I tried from the menu mostly due to the interest of avocado. The burrito was boring and really needed the sauces to cover up the dry meat. The sauces did not even come in a significantly spicy variety. Not what I was expecting and I must say I am disappointed.
4	Small hole in the wall place that I wouldn't have noticed, but my old apartment manager told me about it. The carne asada here is amazing, and I don't even like carne asada. Tacos are incredibly cheap, so I haven't tried anything else yet. The service isn't bad, and it's a lot cleaner on the inside than you'd expect.
3	OK actually I would give it 3.5 Stars!  Here is a run down of what I had today...I love that they actually use corn tortillas for their tacos and the give you 3 different kinds of salsa and a side of grilled onions and jalapenos, which are really good.Chorizo Tacos- The chorizo was a bright pink color. I really couldn't taste the actual chorizo flavor with the onions and cilantro on top.Carne Asada Tacos- I found the carne asada to be a little greasy with not a whole lot of flavor. But if you add the grilled onions and jalapenos then it is a lot more flavorful.Black Beans- Now I normally don't order black beans but something told me I should.  It was more like a black bean soup.  I liked the flavor.I saw a few things on the menu that I would maybe come back to try.  They have menudo, which is rare on menus anymore.  I wouldn't say they were the best tacos I have had, but maybe they are the best that Phoenix has....definitely cheaper and more creative than America's Taco Shop.
4	Some pretty good tacos.  Closest to Cali tacos so far in Phoenix.
4	Make your way out here and get the Oaxacan hot dog with some beans and rice on the side.  I'll be waiting.  Now, say thank you.  You're most welcome.This place is legit.  I've been here a couple times and I so, so wish that they were based somewhere much closer to my house.  Then again, I'd probably just never leave.  I'd just come here when it opened, stayed till it closed, and then everyone would be mad at me for adopting such antisocial behavior.Everything on their menu is a winner.
4	I really love bringing relatives here, they serve really delicious foods. It's fresh and my family really enjoy the dinner.
3	This place is unique. It's like the typical Mexican joint in AZ but it's own by a white 6'4" guy that speaks Spanish, ayfkm?Super friendly people, good variety and just for fun I checked in via FB and there were like 1,200 people who had checked in this 8 table place, wtf?Anyways, being a Mexican food aficionado (and after living in Mexico for several years) I have to say that although the tacos are decent, they are far from authenticity.I had carne asada con nopal (a platter with rice, black beans, carne asada and cactus leave) which was barely OK. The meat was like the asian fast food, you know? Softer than it should as if they add flour or something like that. The beans were runny, and the rice uneventful.The taco al pastor was good but it was anything but authentic.All in all, an OK place to swing by if you're in the area but nothing I would crave.The interesting thing is that a lot of americans were eating there, good looking women, big Mercedes parked in the parking lot, I mean, it has it's drive for sure!Try it and if you don't expect much, you won't be disappointed.
5	I told my brother to check out this place based on the reviews seen here. He has been a regular since, but it took my coming back from an overseas trip to try this place myself. After I was picked up from the airport, my brother told me we were going there. I am glad we did. I tried their tripas and cabeza tacos and they have been among the best I had this side of the Rio Grande. The place looks like a hole in the wall, but, great things come in small packages and you really have to look past everything else and enjoy the fine offerings of this place. BTW, do yourself a favor and try the onions and Jalapenos that come with every order.
4	Good place.  I really liked the big tall guy running the cash register.  He seemed to care about the service and product he was putting out.  Also, it was neat to see such a variety of people eating there.  Some didn't speak english, some were in suit and tie.  Food was excellent, but portions were kind of small.
5	Drove all the way to this place just to eat lunch again and was not disappointed. The fish tacos, pastor taco's, black beans and horchata were outstanding. Best flavor in a taco I've ever had. Going to go back next and try a burrito.Mouth waters just thinking about this place. Highly recommended.Only downside is the parking. I found there is a parking lot in the back for ihop that isn't a far walk from this place.
4	Simply awesome. Don't be afraid to come in. When we pulled up to the restaurant, my wife and I were debating whether or not to go in. I am glad we did.We were greeted by the owner who was very pleasant. He explained the items on the menu we were interested in, and when the food came out, it was beyond good. I'm wondering what this guy was thinking when moving in to this location... This food deserves a better spot!  Their beef broth was so delicious (which is created by the juices from the beef they cook) that we went back and ordered one to go.The rice seemed pre-packaged, but was pretty good, and I'm not too sure about the beans. They were possibly pre-packaged, but good enough that you have difficulty telling.  Very creamy and smooth, and not over-seasoned.I had one of their beef burros, and my wife had their Carne Asada Tacos, which seemed almost like beef fajitas.  I seriously can't find one thing to complain about, and am instead raving about how delicious these items are. The onions and bell peppers are fresh, and there is a hint of cilantro to give it a wonderful freshness.
5	Dan is the man!Looking for a great street-style taco, this is the place to go. Their Fish Taco's are to die for!Also, you want Fresh Homemade Horchata? This is the place to be! I thought I enjoyed the fake, fountain bought Horchata, well that was the way of the past! Ever since I had the Horchata at Tacos Atoyac, I haven't gone back to the other stuff. All their food is great, rolled tacos, burros, fish, pork, etc, it's all great. Everything is Al La Carte, so expect to order a few tacos if you want a meal.
5	Just had the El Pastor Burro for lunch. Definitely worth the drive from North Scottsdale.
1	Ah, no.Terribly. Dry. Tacos.
5	Produce is all local and incredibly fresh.  Carne asada, al pastor, and chorizo explode with flavor and you can tell that he buys from great butchers.  And the horchata is REAL horchata, made daily, in a pot.  Not that bubbled, sugary stuff you get at so many mexican restaurants. The menu is Oaxacan-style, not the standard fare Sonoran that is great, but everywhere.  If you want delicious, fresh, and slightly different mexican food, Atoyac is the best choice in Phoenix.
5	The area is a little sketchy, but the staff is nice and friendly inside. The food was great. Try all six of the tacos.
5	Tacos Atoyak's fish tacos are the best in Phoenix! I've been going here since they opened and I still have dreams about these fish tacos, tostadas, el pastor anything and their multiple styles of quesadillas.  The not-so-expensive area of town and not-so-expensive decor provide the customers with the benefit of very inexpensive yet extremely delicious food.  They could easily charge more for what you get!  Dan, aka Big Mike, you are doing things right, sir!
5	Since moving here I've been searching for an authentic taco joint that reminds me of Chicago....look no more. Cheap, delicious street tacos. Our meal arrived with a side of grilled onions and jalapenos and plenty of lime wedges.Fish tacos-Fantastic and not at all skimpy on the fish.Memelitas-Fantastic. It's like a mini, thick corn tortilla topped with beans, cheese, cilantro and onions. I don't eat meat, but you could get meat if you want.Quesadilla-Fantastic. Corn tortilla stuffed with cheese and herbs, fried, then topped with blacks beans, cheese & lettuce.Aside from loving the food I liked the owner and the extremely versatile customers. I also like to support local businesses.
4	I finally had a chance to go here a couple of weeks ago. Overall, I liked the place. The person at the counter was very friendly. They weren't overly busy, but almost every seat was taken. It really did seem like a street taco joint you would find in Mexico, basic seating, little decor, some selection of drinks. Next Positive - CHEAP - $2.00 for an authentic fish taco. Awesome. I ordered two, grabbed a drink and waited for only a few short minutes for my order. First off, I noticed they did a marinated cabbage mixture on the taco, instead of just raw cabbage. I really liked this, they stepped out of the norm. Unfortunately, I didn't particularly care for the flavor of the cabbage, (but that was because of my tastes, not because of their efforts), but with the fish it gave the entire thing a nice flavor. And I had no problem eating them both us in about 2 minutes. Good Stuff! They also give you caramelized  onions with your. I love caramelized onions and ate them all. This was an extra touch I hadn't seen. I am sure my breath wasn't all that fantastic, luckily I wasn't going back to an office meeting, but boy were they good!  My only negative - I was still hungry - and this was probably my fault, I walked in starving. So I ordered a shrimp taco. The shrimp was marinated in a lime juice mixture, again a touch I liked, I just didn't care for it all that much. It was good, it just isn't my thing. They are on the main street, but if you blink you would drive right by, so you will need to look for the place. Good food, great service. I will be visiting them again soon!
5	The search is over....I've Found My Taco place. I ordered a chicken taco, carne asada, and a fish taco with a delectable cheese quesadilla. The fish taco blew me away! After one bite I knew I had to have another fish taco. OMG! Thank you for this spot. Oh, i'll go back again and again. Nope, not a fancy restaurant, but so what....who cares?
4	Pretty good food, great service! I will probably come back!
3	The carne asada tacos were mediocre at best. The meat was not very good and kind of dry, the tortillas were just ok. The fish tacos were really really good! The fish was perfectly fried to a golden crisp, the cabbage was crunchy and they sauce the poured over the tacos was perfect. Both red and green salsas were really good. I also had a quesadilla which was great, good cheese and a good tortilla! This is a great taco to satisfy some late night craving for Mexican food, much better than a filibertos or their many clones.
5	Love this place! You really might not ever even think to eat here at first glance, it's small and out of sight but once you do, you'll never forget it. The carne asada burritos are to die for and the service is excellent. I will continue to keep coming back.
3	Took my wife back here for lunch since she loved the fish taco's so much the first time we went. Unfortunately it wasn't nearly as good this time. The fish taco's didn't have the same flavor they had the first time.I didn't get a receipt so I don't know where I was over charged but adding it up in my head I certainly didn't pay the prices that were posted on the menu on the wall.
5	Amazing food!  I can't say enough about this place.  The sauces they use are out of this world!  Our recent lunch included tasty fish tacos and carne asada tacos.  WONDERFUL!  Washed it down with a perfect cup of horchata that was the perfect compliment to the meal.  I'm totally going back!
4	Yummy street tacos!
5	Excellent food, These places are hard to find here in the valley, believe it or not. More traditional style. Highly recomended !!!!
3	Realized I live right next to this joint so I decided to have a look. Upon first impressions, place looks like a dump and actually kind of smelled like one to be honest. I realize this is supposed to be a divey Mexican food place but I've seen better in worse parts of town to be honest. Ordered a couple tamales and some black frijoles. Food is super cheap.  Pretty delicious. No real complaints to be made, although no real praise to be heaped upon it either. It appeared as if no care was made to keep the beans from spilling out of it's container and one of the tamales was flat like a pancake. Honestly, my roommate's mother makes better tamales even on her worst day. I'll rate this place slightly higher than two stars just for location sake and because the owner was pretty cool even when this idiot walked in and asked like 40 questions and left. I seriously wanted to punch that kid.
5	Oh my gooooood! Can you say bomb? Go ahead, try it. Okay come back. Yes. These tacos are that and more. Worth all the hype. Worth a little more from me. These are no sh*t, amazing tacos with great flavor. But, okay let me esplain something to you. Mexican food is usually the last thing I want to eat when I eat out. My parents are from the valley, born and raised and very Americanized. Still, I grew up with rice and beans with every meal, even steaks, even eggs, no joke. Every. Meal. Some things are like Bruce Willis, they Die Hard. But I love me some tacos man... And these are SOME tacos!I've been here a handful of times now and have had, I think, every taco of the menu at least once. The tacos de pescado are by far my favourite. Lightly breaded, perfectly seasoned, little pieces of white flaky fish wrapped up in soft warm corn tortillas smothered in a spicy crema. Yum! The tacos pastor are probably my second fav. Tasty marinated carnita covered in a sort of  pico and wrapped in those perfect soft tortillas. I love the tripas (never fear, they cook them way down!) and the carne asada also. And the sonny man always orders the quesadilla. So delicious and I am feenin for one with chorizo right now!Okay well I have to go get my fix since they were closed for the holidays. Laters baby.
5	It's not scary, just go in.  They have the most amazing fish tacos, quesadillas, mexican hotdogs, seriously the whole menu is awesome.  They also have the best horchata. I've never had horchata with walnut pieces in it before but it works. YUM :)
4	Yum! I have been here two times. Today I had the Lengua and Fish Tacos. Super yummy. Last time I was here I had the Shrimp Tacos, those were super good as well. I will say though the fish was a bit tough like it was cooked earlier in the day, but still good. Definitely order at least 3 tacos, they are small street tacos, so it takes more than two to get filled up. I probably in all honesty could eat four and be comfortable full. The carmelized onions and jalepeno on the side are what makes them yummy, so dont leave those off.Try it, you wont regret it.
5	Great flavor, more than fair pricing. Made to order tacos for a $1. Small dining area, better for takeout or lunch, not a date place. Closed on Mondays I believe. Owner almost always on site, good service.
5	The best shrimp tacos in Arizona are 2 for $5. If you're not in the process of getting in your car and heading to Tacos Atoyac, re-read that first blip.This is not a drill.
5	Have you not been here yet?  Get in your car and get over here already.This place is fantastic.  The food is absolutely amazing.  We had been meaning to try this place for a while and finally made it over recently.  The owner, Dan, is super friendly and since it was our first time, he was happy to give some suggestions.  I settled on the spicy burrito and my girlfriend had the fish tacos (she had a couple others too but I forget which ones).The fish tacos were superb (she let me have a bite).  The others she had also had great flavors.  They were served with a variety of sauces and a side of grilled onions that I believe she said were the best she has had in a very long time.  I tried them and darn it, she was right.  My burrito was a good size and very tasty.  Dan had given me the option of how spicy I wanted it and based on what I told him they nailed it.  It was just enough to make me full but not so much that I went into a food coma.Overall, the place was very clean and it is not a huge place.  We will definitely be back here and have made it a staple in our places to frequent.  They are not open on Sundays so get your fix in on Saturday if you can't make it during the week.Highly recommend!!!
5	Holy Crap!  This place is proof that you do not judge a book by it's cover.When my boyfriend suggested it for dinner I did some research and was a little scared of the pictures.  But, I figured why the heck not, taco joints are supposed to be divey.  I eat from roadside vendors while in Mexico.I ordered 3 carne asada tacos and the carne asada quesadilla.  I was tempted to get a fish taco but I decided to hold off until another time.  The tacos were street vendor size.  The meat was tender and delicious and before I knew it they were completely gone and I wish I had ordered three more.My absolute favorite was the quesadilla.  Cheesy, meaty, warm goodness.  It must have been laced with something illegal because I immediately craved more. I suggest you head there now...well not as I write this as they are closed Sunday and Monday, but as soon as they open again.Also the owner is not what you would expect.  He's a bald headed white guy with tons of tattoos.  He was extremely friendly and helpful.  Turns out he knows a friend of mine who comes in to eat as well.Don't blink or you'll miss the place.  But trust me, you need to try it.  You'll thank me.
5	Do not let the building deceive you. This place is the BOMB for street tacos, authentic mom and pop food!! My bf had read about them in either the New Times or Phoenix Magazine. We decided to check them out and have been there 2 weekends in a row now. Small dining area and a small outside (but covered) dining area. The owner runs the front register (at least I think he is.) Very cool guy! I ordered 2 carne asada tacos, black beans and rice. Same for my bf.  Within a few minutes we had a tray with our food and a few extras. 2 sauces and one guac sauce. A small tray of sauteed onions, Serrano peppers that were sweet and delicious!! Now for the tacos, OMG they were insanely delicious! So good that I went back for 2 more and Ryan went back for another plus a cabeza taco. The meat was all tender, flavorful. We were talking with the owner about how I hadn't found a place out here in Phoenix with tacos like this since I lived out in Azusa California. The owner knew the place that I used to go to as he went there when he was in college out there. Small world! Also he brought me out some extra hot sauce that he doesn't give to just anyone. You have to ask for it. Smoky, spicy! So when we went in last Saturday, he asked me if I wanted the extra hot sauce again? My response "Bring it!" LOL. This place will have you craving tacos. Next on my list to try, their shrimp tacos. Check them out. I would highly recommend Tacos Atoyac!
3	I stopped in here for lunch today, joined this time by friends Shelley M. & Arlin B.  Here's the long and short of it:*  The food they serve here tastes great!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)HOWEVER:*  The first time I came it was freezing cold inside!*  The second time I came it was roasting hot inside!*  This time it was freezing cold inside!*  The service wasn't as friendly this time as during my previous visits.*  Our food all arrived on one tray, & it was up to us to try to figure out what was what.*  They usually give each diner a little tray of cooked onions, peppers, plus lemon & lime slices, but this time we only received two of these trays for the three of us.     :-(The temperature should be controlled better in here, & it's important for the counter & table service to remain friendly, as it was before!My order this time was for...Carne Asada (beef) Taco:  $1.25Al Pastor (pork) Taco:  $1.25Pescado (fish) Taco:  $2Beef Tamale:  $2
3	Maybe my expectations were set way too high for this place, due to its universal praise, but I can't help but feel like Tacos Atoyac could be better.  They have some solid tacos, to be sure.  The first thing I noticed, after walking in the door, is that they have a good menu.  Plenty of taco choices, including cabeza, tripa, lengua, and chorizo; quesadillas; an oaxacan hot dog (perro caliente, they call it); and more.  Furthermore, they have a solid selection of Mexican sodas.So why just three stars?  I've had all of the above items, and none of them really blew me away.  The tacos were good, but I have had better street tacos elsewhere.  These tacos were just a little too high on the grease, and a little low on the flavor.  The tripa tastes a little more burnt than tripa I've had elsewhere; perhaps they fried it too long?  The quesadillas are pretty standard quesadillas (although the asada ones may be worth a shot next time).  The chorizo was... pink?The hot dog was pretty good, with the black beans, and avocado, so they get points for having a unique item there.  I don't know where else you can get a dog like this.  Unfortunately, I do prefer a Sonoran dog; the Oaxacan dog is a little too light on the heat.Don't let underwhelming tacos dissuade you from trying this place, though; it's a great place to get some tacos if you're in the area.  It will probably earn a spot in my lunch rotation as long as I'm working in the neighborhood, but you probably don't need to go across town for this.
5	I am a regular at Tacos Atoyac, the food is reasonably priced and always consistenly awesome, and the hot dog torta! Oh my!
3	I've been here a few more times since my first visit, just to give it another chance. This time, I tried fish and chorizo tacos along with what I got last time. The tacos seem really cheap for the price but they are bit-sized. Delicious though. Greasy which I enjoy. The beef I have with this place is how little care is taken to keep the food together before they give it to you. It's a mess.  Secondly, the time it takes for the food to finish in the first place is quite long. 15 minutes last time. I was only one of two people there. I can't really give a much higher rating because of the issues I seem to have with the above. I'll maybe push it up half a star just because the tacos are better than the standard fare, but I'd like it maybe more if they'd knock 25 cents off the price.
5	What I had, and how I rate it: bean and cheese burro- 5 starstaco al pastor- 4 starscarne asada taco- 4 starsfish taco- 4 starsoaxacan hot dog- 4 starsspicy salsa- 5 starsservice- 5 starsSuch a friendly place with such delicious and inexpensive food-- all the above set me back less than 13 bucks!
1	When we first pulled up and saw the absolute crap-hole that houses this restaurant, the first thought that went through my mind was, "are you kidding me?" The second thought was, "damn, I should have brought my gun with me."  Pretty scary neighborhood.  We went because my wife's family es de Oaxaca, and this was advertised as Oaxacan cuisine.  Nothing is further from the truth--and we have traveled throughout the entire State of Oaxaca.  First of all, everywhere you go in Oaxaca, everything is, at your request, smothered in one of 7 different types of mole.  We were told upon arriving, "no tenemos mole preparado."  Now how can you advertise yourself as Oaxacan cuisine and NOT HAVE ANY MOLE?  There is NO SUCH THING AS A OAXACAN HOT DOG--who came up with that idea?  Oh, by the way, in all of Southern Mexico, they refer to a hot dog as a "hot dog," NOT as a "perro caliente." Regarding burritos:  the last time we were in Oaxaca with the family (all natives who have never left Mexico) my wife's uncle asked the gringo, "hey, could you please explain what a burrito is?  I've heard of it but never seen one."  When I explained, he replied, "gross.  And your countrymen think THAT is Mexican food?" Need I say more?  The memelitas are ridiculously small and not even close to authentic.  Quesadillas?  Is that what they were?  Fried in oil?  Where do they do that in Oaxaca?  And no tamales either?  The tacos were so small that I could eat one in one bite.  I heard the tortillas come from Ranch Market--not made in the restaurant.  Tiny-sized tortillas are usually given to you in a bundle when you buy a platter of meat in a street market--not made into individual tacos, except in el D.F.--but, again, you didn't advertise comida del D.F.  I honestly can't understand how this place is so popular--except maybe if you are a gringo looking to get away from Serranos or Garcias--then maybe you think this is something special.  Dropped $30+ for me and the wife to leave hungry.  Really, folks, don't waste your time.  And, seriously, the neighborhood is really, really scary.
4	Me: Si...si...una lengua, un camaron, y un al pastor por favor. Y una Coca Cola de Mexico! Andale! Tall dude with mad tats: Siete treinta y ocho, por favor.Me: Chingada! Es barato! Esos tacos son para enanos?Tall dude with mad tats: No! Nuestros tacos son por el gente regular!Me: (take a bite from the delicious tacos before me and remove 6 shooter from holster and fire into the ceiling repeatedly) Ahhhhh-ha! So, I didn't really ask the guy if those were dwarf-sized tacos, but upon hearing the cost ($7.38) compared to what I ordered, I thought I was paying for tiny tacos. For the tasty deliciousness that was my tongue, al pastor and shrimp taco with a Mexican Coke lunch, it was a bargain and they were regular sized tacos, not appetizer sized.Dude said he always wanted a skylight so he let me slide on the bullet holes in the ceiling.
5	I love love LOVE this place. Yes it is tiny, and you may have to wait in line for a while, but it's worth it. It's inexpensive, the food is amazing and the service is great. I couldn't ask for more.
5	Stopped by for a quick lunch. Service was quick and the food was delicious. I ordered the El Pastor taco and a bean and cheese burrito. Both were ridiculously good. I'll be back. Great meal for under $5!
4	I've heard loads about this place, and until recently, kept putting it off to come in.  So I finally made it in today, and really had a good time.For starters, the menu is HUGE. Loads to choose from, and the prices are awesome!!  I wasn't sure what to get, so I asked the guy behind the counter, and he helped me out with what to pick.  I went with a carne asada burrito and a drink.  Price total?  $6.01.  YES!!!!Food came out quick, and I was able to finish it all. Meat was good, and I got a plate of peppers, onions, salsa and a hot pepper.  The onions were good, but I wish they were already on the burrito!  The salsa was tasty and not to spicy, so I was able to enjoy it with my lunch.Place is somewhat small and cramped, with limited but ample seating. Definitely not for an extremely large crowd, but enough to seat a few people.  The one thing I wish they did was have a fountain pop station, as I prefer that to cans or bottles of drinks.  I didn't see one, and the guy at the register told me it was cans or bottles of pop.  But yet, I saw a one couple who had Styrofoam cups. where did those come from? I  hate to sound so harsh, but I really think he needs a fountain pop station in here, seriously. I'll pay a little extra!Parking is a bit tight and its in a non descript location.  If you didn't know it was there, you might just pass it!  Overall, a great experience, even though the carne asada was a bit dry for me. Not bad, just a tad dry for my tastes.Overall, a wonderful experience, and I wouldn't mind going back.  Great food, lovely time.
5	Best Fish Tacos in the Valley!Dan is the man!
5	Amazing Mole when available, fish tacos are my second choice but what every I eat I always need an horchata to wash it down.
4	Fresh and tasty carne asada quesadilla or pastor taco love the grilled onions and peppers that are included. Shrimp or fish tacos are tasty and my favorite is the Shrimp burro. This is just around the corner so I eat here often.
5	If you're looking for a hole in the wall, street tacos, this is the place! Tacos are authentic and taste amazing. You have to try it at least once! You won't break your bank...at first.
5	Taco Tuesday has a new home!  Everything was fresh and very authentic.  I tried a few different tacos from shrimp to fish to carne asada.  Each of them cooked to perfection with some salsa that paired well with each of the taco fillings.  I mean honestly...this place is awesome.  I keep telling myself that I will try a burrito (HUGE) next time, but me being a creature of habit will probably just have fish tacos again!  Do yourself a favor, head over to Tacos Atoyac and BUEN PROVECHO!
5	Terrific street tacos! We tried the carna asada, shrimp, and fish.  All were excellent and reasonably priced.  Had the rice and pinto beans-nothing to write home about here, they should put some effort into these two areas (not horrible but they really don't compliment the awesome tacos.  I didn't see any horchata on the menu and would have liked some but the Mexican coke was delicious.  I'll be back!
4	3.5 stars. Almost didn't eat here today because it looked so sketch outside! Also had a hard time finding it because the sign is not very visible from the street. They are located in the lot next to the 7-11 next to a tire shop. Inside it looked much better and was a full house around 1:30pm with a crowd ranging from guys in suits to nurses in their scrubs. Tried an assortment of tacos: carne asada, pollo, fish (they use Swai). Carne asada was tender, wish it was a little more flavorful but it was satisfying. Chicken was chicken haha. The fish taco was yummy, dressed with cabbage and a chipotle-like sauce, batter had a hint of cumin which I liked. Best fish taco I've had in the area. Cheap prices!Personally I like Taqueria Los Yaquis better for their carne asada (much more flavorful) but I'm being generous with the stars because Atoyac has normal hours lol. Will definitely return if I'm in the area!
4	The food here is very good, I had it for the first time the other day while on a lunch break.  People told me it would be hard to find, but it was fairly simple, its right on the corner next to a tire shop, just need to pay attention as the tire shop sign is above the restaurant.There wasn't much of a wait, the food was made fresh, and when I got the good it was delicious.  My only complaint about this place was the portion size.  I ordered 3 tacos with a side of beans and rice, when I got my food it looked more like an appetizer.  I will come back to this place however I need to find something from here that is more MAN SIZED.Also i'd like to add that their salsa was fantastic.
5	Shady but OOOOooOo SOOOOOO GOOD! This is a must try place!Try the fish tacos and the pork with pineapple... The rice and beans is a very small portion but also very good! Ill be back soon to try more delicious tacos!Yummmmmm! Maybe ill go back tomorrow!
5	5 stars.. because Yelp won't let me give it 6 stars.Food is great, filling and well prepared. Owner is great to talk to and will answer your questions. After eating at MANY taco places around the city this is the one I will continue to go to time and time again.
3	Supposedly these are the best taco's in the world.I was a little under-whelmed. It wasn't mind blowing. After finishing them, the first thing I thought was... "that's it?"We had the lengua, carner asada, and pescado.The hours are a little funky just make sure you go when they are open.
4	Little hole-in-the-wall place with a slightly limited menu, but big on taste and freshness.
3	Had to try this place based on all the positive reviews.  To be honest I love dive restaurants.  Guess I my dive attraction in the military when we used to go to Mexico border towns on weekends,  Loved the food carts and little hole in the walls.  Never need alot of fluff, just good food and prices.  We'll based on everyone's comments I thought I had a winner.  Place is a little hard to find but once inside it is clean and very basic with a few tables in the front room plus additional sitting in the attached dining room   Owner is very friendly and always makes me feel welcome  Been there twice now and the food is flavorful however the prices are creeping up slowly.  At $3.50 for a hot dog is a little high.  Tacos are now $1.50 and the sugar cane coke I think was $2.00.  Since I generally have at least one hot dog and 2-3 tacos (tongue is my favorite) I can rapidly spend $10 for a mid day snack,  I guess I'm going to have to give up the cane coke to stay within my budget,  Fountain pop would be a nice addition but I don't see that happening any time soon.  If the prices were a little lower, I would give the place a 5, but as it is a 3 is all I can give since I can get equally good tacos and hot dogs near Cave Creek and Bell Rd.
5	We were referred by one of my wife's clients who have turned us on to great places like  Bosa Doug-nuts, so we went last Sunday and with all new places decided to order some of our FavoritesShrimp TacoCarne Asada TacoFish TacoQuesadillaCan I say it was well worth every pennyAnd the bottle Cokes from Mexico Too Awesome for wordsThe 6'4" Father and son working there were AwesomeEven brought our food out to the car after I steppe out to inform my wife of the condition of the place.Love every bit and We will be back
4	These are some great tacos.  They will deep fry anything, which is my favorite.   Their salsa verde is spicier than most, but I couldn't get enough of it.  Check it out if you're by.  Make sure to meet the owners if they are there, they're hilarious!
5	Believe the hype. Delicious Oaxacan Mexican food, most especially the fish tacos [which I pretty much always and sometimes exclusively get]. The guacamole sauce and the fish tacos are all I need. But their horchata and churros also frequently get my attention. You can't really go wrong here, I have never had a bad thing. Service is friendly [doubly so if you're patient, and sarcastic] and the decor is like an upscale prison. But it hardly matters, because the food is good enough that you'll be back again and again.Biggest complaints: 1] The baggies of onions and peppers [serranos?] that accompany every order are fried in the oil rather than roasted [which would draw out their flavor more in my opinion]2] They aren't open Sun/Mon :D
5	simply the best taco shop in phoenix.
5	In a word, albeit a made up word: hype-worthyI had a shrimp burrito, and fish, al pastor, carne asada, cabeza (Beef cheek.  Don't be a pussy, try it.  Just open your mouth bitch!), tacos.Best al pastor I've ever had.  Probably best shrimp burrito as well.  Everything was a winner though.On top of that, the guy behind the register was so friendly.  Last time I was called sir that many times it was a crackhead asking for change.This almost makes up for Yelpturds steering me to these two places:http://www.yelp.com/biz/velvet-tango-room-cleveland#hrid:-JFoGAr_zAEGpZ8_b_nZCAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/sgros-barbershop-shaker-heights-2#hrid:Bd3PRAgWtbGSAiJaAuKiZg
5	Stop reading these reviews and go eat there now.
5	Aya Dioscito, I couldn't love this place any more than I do right now. And that's a lot of love and I mean it.I am working my way through every menu item and this weekend I will have the Platillo de Carne Asada Y Nopal and a taco de tripa. I'm not one for tripe but everything I've had here is absolutely delicious and I'm trusting I will have a breakthrough and resolve my fear of the tripe. I hear one must have it extra crispy. I'm really excited. Butterflies in my belly excited..... like that first time when...
4	Quite possibly the best street style fish taco I have had in Phoenix. The generous portion of fish was heavily seasoned and lightly breaded, the result was pure heaven. I also ordered the flour quesadilla, refried pinto beans, carne asada and al pastor tacos. The refried beans were creamy and the queso in the quesadilla was awesome. I washed that all down with a bottled coke and rolled myself home. You may want to give yourself some time if you come here during lunch, by 11:30 the line was out the door. Apparently I am not the only one that knows how delicious this little dive is!
5	I love this place, great tacos and burritos. The carne asada is very tender with just the right amount of seasoning. I don't live in this part of town but will go out of my way just to stop here. If you like bean and cheese burrito's and carne asada tacos look no further, this place has the best ones in town! The owner is a great guy too, very nice and you can tell he loves his business.
4	This little hole in the wall place is so freaking good.  They are great on my wallet. They are very friendly and one of the nest street taco style places.  Love it and will be back.
4	Really enjoyed my lunch here with a co-worker. I tried a Carne Asada, Shrimp, and Fish taco. I really loved the carne and fish but the shrimp wasn't to my liking. I haven't made it back because I live on the other side of town but it's worth the drive for a great taco.
4	Unpretentious and relaxed. A great hole in the wall. Staff very friendly. Limited space in dining area. Tacos were excellent: Carne Asada, pollo, fish, and shrimp. All very good. No frills, though--No complimentary chips and salsa. Would have been nice with a beer...
4	I like this place. Inside and out are very simple with no thrills. As you enter you will see a nice selection of items on their menu attached to the wall. Step up to the counter and ordered then sit back and wait for a delicious and inexpensive meal.Service was very friendly. The owner that works up front has a dark beard and is very tall with several tattoos. He almost looks intimidating at first but is so polite and very helpful. It was very important to him that I was enjoying their food and he ask me a couple times if everything was alright or if I needed anything. Nice!First time here so I ordered an assortment of tacos and a Hot dog Oaxacan style. Had a Chorizo, Tripa, Al Pastor and a Fish Taco. They come with a couple types of Salsa and a side of Grilled Onions and a Roasted Serrano Pepper. The tacos are small but packed with flavor. They also serve Burritos, Quesadillas, Tostadas, and several other authentic dishes from the region such as the Tlayuda which is a toasted tortilla with all sorts of yummy items on top.Place can get really busy during peek eating hours and the seating area is a little tight. Seen a few people getting items to go. Recommend trying everything on the menu. I can't wait to go back. Delicioso!
5	I could easily eat 50 of these fish tacos... they're that good, and that affordable.My wife and I both agreed that these fish tacos were as good as anything we've had in Baja California.We ordered two fish tacos, one shrimp taco, a carne asada taco, a bean and cheese burrito, and also had a Diet Coke. The grand total for all of this deliciousness? $12. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.Service was quick, the gentleman at the counter was unbelievably friendly and you can't beat the food.Easy five stars for Tacos Atoyac. We've kept this restaurant on our list of places to try for the last two years. We finally went this past weekend and, without a doubt, we'll be back next weekend. As close to perfect a dining experience you will ever find!
5	Best taco shop in Phoenix, period!! This place is not just your average Mexican/American aka Macayo's approach to mediocre Mexican food.  This place is as grass roots as you can get! Home grown from the state of Oaxaca Mexico. Translation for those saying Chewbacca, this is not your Star Wars flick but it is a very rich and notable region of Mexico that produces some amazing cheeses that also somehow motivated a few cats to open up their own taco shop next to a tire shop in Phoenix!  Try everything in their menu, it is delicious! Don't let their location fool you, these guys care about great ingredients like their organic veggies and home local baked tortillas!  I have had them do catering too, the price is ridiculously low and they are just awesome at what they do.. I will forgive them for being closed Sunday and Monday because great talents do need to rest.  Remember if you want Macayos or greasy lard infested plates don't come here, there owner will tell you the same because they care about what they do, BOSS status!
5	This place is SERIOUSLY the best! I CRAVE their bean & cheese burritos all the time. They taste unlike anywhere else I've been to. Its like they grill the tortilla or something because it just give off this amazing flavor. Their fish tacos are amazing too. Their on the smaller side but the flavor is killer and it comes with really good sauces to put on it. Nothing is greasy at all. I was a bit hesitant the first time we went since its in a bad part of town and the outward and inner appearance aren't nice but don't let that fool you. The owner is super sweet and he's always there and very helpful. Oh and they don't serve alcohol but you can bring your own beer in. Very cool!
5	Oh my, oh my, how I miss coming here for the best fish tacos.  The fish is seasoned and lightly breaded and there is a good portion on the taco.  I have tried the crispy quesidilla and al pastor tacos, but the fish tacos remain my all time favorite.  It's very simple inside and not in the greatest neighborhood, but the service is great, prices are cheap and the food is amazing. Come and get some authentic tacos!!
5	I have dreams about Tacos Atoyac and they are the types of dreams you don't talk about.  I used to work close by to TA so I would come at least once a week to have lunch.  The Owner was always behind the register and always remembered my order (1 fish taco and an Oaxacan Hot dog).  He even remembered how I like my food (no tomatoes, no jalapenos, no side of grilled onions/peppers).My go to is the Oaxacan dog!  Even though bacon is sprinkled on and not cooked with the hot dog it is the BEST hotdog I have ever had!  They also toast the bun before the bean shmear which really makes all the difference.  Pair it with a Mexican Coke and you've got yourself the best day of your life.The building/location itself is a little scary.  I went there a few weeks after it opened and I will say I had my doubts (I thought i would get robbed) but the place won me over and I would brave all scary things in this world to get my TA fix on.  My secret suggestion is always get a churro for the road.
5	Not sure where you'd find a better street taco in Phoenix. The al pastor is awesome, as is the fish, and the shrimp. I didn't try the carne asada, but Athena says its great. They were out of chorizo. dammit. Note: Many other patrons had to study the menu when they were informed of the chorizo outage. Apparently it's a fave and a "go-to" item.I went with my usual number of 6 street tacos. Athena had 3 with black beans - which were creamy and dee-lish. That's about the right way to do it for us, although others opted for 10 tacos or 2-3 tacos and a burrito. One lady (seemingly a regular) went directly for some type of tostada. Seems you can't go wrong however you do it. Everyone there went with the Mexican Cokes, except for one guy that had a diet coke. Whatevs.I didn't ask about the $7 toasted tortilla. Although, as one of the most expensive items on the menu - we were curious. It cant just be a tortilla can it?Historical note: some of you may recall this place used to be the best place for a great Chicago Dog...Mr. Mort's, until he retired long ago. I miss that place, but this is a great replacement!Traffic note: the light rail construction makes this place a bit tricky to get into, but not too bad.Vacation note: If you are reading this between July 2-9th, 2013: it'll be closed for their vacation!
5	Once you have Tacos Atoyac, you never go back! Tacos Atoyac is our favorite "go to" diner for the hubs and myself. You seriously cannot find better tacos ANYWHERE! THEE best fish tacos around. My husband prefers the campechano tacos. He's also tried the campechano in a burrito and loved it as well. Everything we've tried here is amazing! Pinto beans are always perfect, as are the black beans. The tortas are delish. Literally cannot say anything bad about the place, except maybe they need a soda fountain. The different salsas are amazing but the guac is my fave. Customer service is always EXCELLENT! But the owner doesn't take crap from nasty customers (as he shouldn't have to). Prices are more than fair!
5	In the dictionary under 'Hole in the wall' is a picture of Tacos Atoyac. Not your traditional taco shop or Mexican eatery, Atoyac destroyed my expectations. A good friend suggested this as a lunch destination and when we pulled up, I gave him the "you've got to be effin me" look. I humored him and am SO glad I did. I tried a little of everything, which is easy to do here, and all of it was very tasty and high quality. None of those mystery bites of meat you might endure at other eateries.Long story short....High quality, high value, low prices.
1	Wow.  Haven't any of you ever tried the street tacos @ Tacos Jalisco or Los Taquitos?  The amount of love this place is getting is unfathomable.I normally don't write too many negative reviews - I like to promote and support  the places I like and leave the ones I don't like out of sight and out of mind - but I just got back from lunch @ Atoyac, and I'm pissed.  All you positive reviewers have let me down big time.  The street tacos had zero flavor and the sauces were lacking in both flavor and kick.  I sampled the chicken, pastor, carne, chorizo, and fish - and they all came up way short.  I'm not going back ever.I will now attempt to theorize why this place enjoys such a positive buzz.It's in an "edgy" location, and qualifies as a genuine "hole-in-the-wall" joint that people are just aching to love, regardless of the quality of the food.  For whatever reason, people want to love shit holes (BUT THE FOOD IS SOOO GOOD!!) and promote them to their friends.  It's really weird.I'm embarrassed for all of you that think these are even good street tacos, let alone, the best street tacos in PHX.  I will end this review the way I started it - by suggesting that all of you go to Tacos Jalisco or Los Taquitos instead of Tacos Atoyac.
5	The reasons I go here1) The food is good2) It's hard to find mexican food that is healthy, and this place does not load their food with a lot of grease.3) It's very affordableWhat I don't like1) Selection of drinks. Lacks fountain drinks.To Brian J., maybe you should try Taco Bell. There's lots of flavor in the "Nacho Cheese Doritos Locos Taco Supreme", my god. I'm going to try your suggestions because I love Mexican food, but your review of this place in no way deserves 1 star. And also, Brian, this place was referred to me, and I refer it to others. Nothing to theorize, there.. I hope I'm not too much of an "embarrassment" for you. /rolls eyesEDIT   7/19/2013:Brian, I tried Los Taquitos  by ordering the Street Taco Combo. I ordered the Chicken, Pork and the El Pastor. I would have to say it was average at best and the rice and beans that came with it were HEAVILY salted. I must say though, there are a couple eye candy that look like sisters. Now that may bring me back to order another average meal :P
5	Tacos Atoyac is by far the best taco place in Phoenix.  I highly recommend the fish tacos and horchata.  They will knock your socks off!!
4	If you're going for happy hour or to be served by waitstaff this is not the place for you.  If you want great food for a phenomenal price you've come to the right place. $24 for a family of 4 - you can't even go to Taco Bell for that price. The atmosphere is a step below informal.  The inside walls are wrapped with industrial looking steel and the building is old.  My husband & son were not happy when we pulled into the parking lot & walking through the door - it is a bit bare bones.  I was thrilled because after reading all of the great reviews I KNEW the food had to be good!  The seating area is small but does cater to indoor and outdoor patrons.    There is not a huge selection of refreshments but they serve soda in bottles and the Coca Cola products have the extra sugar cane made for Mexico.  Sweet  & yummy.The group I was in was large - we ordered street tacos, quesadillas, taquitos, rice, beans.  The carne asada and fish tacos were awesome.  Loved the flour tortillas used in the quesodillas - they were nice & thin.  They even made a white boy tortilla for my husband and added a little grease then toasted the corn tortilla for him to try (he's not a fan of corn tortillas because they are dry).  My friend had the pork taco and her hubs tried the tripe.  Even my son who was appalled walking in the door left with a full tummy filled with fish tacos, quesodillas, & going back up to order 2 taquitos, AND a complete apology that you can't judge a book by it's cover.   Someone at another table ordered a mexican pizza and we are so ordering that next time!!!
4	My lengua and pastor tacos were both pretty solid, but it was really the fish taco that stole the show. It was fried just enough and wasn't too salty but definitely still flavorful.So far Atoyac is 3/3, so maybe next time I'm in Phoenix I'll try some more things down the menu.
5	My FAVORITE restaurant in Phoenix across the board.Hands down, bar none, insert extraneous euphemisms here.I shouldn't talk to much about it because I need it to remain a little secret.P.S. Every time I go I get the Shrimp Taco and a Carne Asada Burro. That's all I'm going to say!!!Shhh...
5	This is my new favorite go to place . Had the carne asada burrito and lengua tacos which were both great . Will totally come back again !!!
3	I like how it's cheap and authentic. The flavor and texture was pretty mediocre though. The chicken rolled taco was possibly missing the chicken. It was crunchy for sure. The toppings on it was good. The beef tamale and chicken taco was dry. Tasty, but dry. I'd come here again because it's cheap and easy.
5	Tacos Atoyac reinforces my belief that the more expensive your Mexican food is, and the fancier the establishment appears, the worse it's probably going to be. I mean, EVERYONE knows that the *good* stuff lies in plain, secluded little strip malls that are easily overlooked. Just pop in and get whatever you want. I am convinced Atoyac can do no wrong. I ordered a simple pastor burrito. Carne asada is easy to do, but the arduous process of choosing a marinade that's just-right is in my opinion the litmus test for whether or not a restaurant is legit. Part of me wanted to say it's too sweet, but as it disappeared fast, I realized it's unique, but really hits the spot. Sevice was fast, and all meals come with grilled onions and a grilled serrano, which is just the right amount of heat for me, and definitely too much for most people who will read this. Be careful, and have some delicious horchata ready just in case.
5	I've been coming here for about a year now. You can NOT go wrong with anything on the menu. The salsa's are on point and the tacos are the best I have tasted in all of Phoenix and I've been to many taco shops. Prices are very low but the quality of the food is fantastic.
4	#TacoTuesday destination.  Good prices, awesome El Pastor and Fish taco.  Chicken was somewhat boring but still a great spot.
5	Great fish tacos. Small but very tasty. Cheese quesadilla was good also w queso fresco.  The green sauce was smoky n spicy but not overbearing.  Def will be bk 4 more ;)
5	I would have never ever known about this place If it wasn't for finding it on yelp I had the Asada tacos they were absolutely fabulous the meet was perfect tortillas were nice and fresh toppings were nice and fresh they make their Salsa daily as I was sitting there eating my Carney tacos the couple next to me was raving about the fish tacos so I thought what hell For two dollars I should go ahead and try one one of the best fish tacos I've ever had a must try spot if you're in the area
5	The best tacos in town!!!!It was confusing trying to find the location the first time, but ever since then this place is a delicious staple. You can't beat the prices for how tasty these little creations are. My favorite are the tongue tacos :)
5	Update:Tacos Pastor and carne asada are both done very well. The red salsa and guac are tasty and fresh. The Oaxacan hotdog is different but very good. Wish this place was closer to my house instead of work ;)
5	This place was amazing. Almost got scared away by the area and look of the restaurant, but glad I wasn't. It sure was a pleasant surprise. The Tacos Al Pastor were the best thing on the menu and at $1 a piece you can get a few.
5	Absolutely amazing Mexican food. One of my friends raved about how authentic and delicious the food was, so of course, I had to try it for myself.I ordered a few different types of tacos and the Mexican Hotdog. I grew up eating a decent amount of spicy food and didn't think anything here would be a problem (as long as I didn't order anything extra spicy). Let me warn you now though, the Mexican Hotdog had not only me in tears, but my 3 friends I was with as well. The people working felt so bad that they gave us 'sympathy horchata'. (Which was so good - we ended up ordering more).Anyway, you have to try it! So good!
5	I really can't say anything that hasn't already been said. I love this place, the owner is awesome, the food is great, the prices are cheap..overall it's not to be missed.My favs are the carne asada tacos, the fish tacos and  the chicken & bean tostadas..oh and the rolled tacos...
2	I had lunch here September 10, 2013.  I ordered a fish taco, rolled chicken tacos and something that looks like a gordita.The fish taco arrived at my table cold.  I know what you're going to say, "send it back" but I was hungry and from what I've seen in the past sending food back usually gets you a food with something "extra", like a booger.  Plus, food during a lunch rush should come out fresh and HOT.  If it had been warm it would have only been okay.The chicken tacos had a tough tortilla shell and the meat inside was also tough to chew.  The chicken didn't have any seasoning or flavor to it.The "gordita" is covered with black beans, meat and some cheese.  It was warm and okay but was rather bland for my tastes.
5	So finally made my way to Tacos Atoyac after hearing so much buzz from it for a while. I think it's the fact that they are closed Sundays and Mondays that held me back. Man I wish I would have came here sooner. Simply the best street tacos I've had in Phoenix. Finally there is a place that I can have my street taco fix when I'm not in San Diego for my still all time favorite Tacos El Gordo!  The price is right, about $2 per taco. My wife and I shared several carne and pastor tacos. My favorite was the pastor..I could eat a hundred of these.lol.I'll defiantly be coming back here. A little hard to find and not much if any decor inside, but still the best street tacos in the valley!
4	I tried the pastor, asada, and pollo tacos. All three were good, but the pastor tacos were clearly the winners. Also loved the watermelon agua frescas. Need to try other things on the menu but so far tacos are terrific. One additionally note: The parking area is small and the rooms inside are pretty small.  But this shouldn't be a reason not to try great Mexican food.
5	Drove the distance to Tacos Atoyac based on a PHX top ten taco list. Sooo worth it. Fish, shrimp, carne asada & al pastor tacos were all superb. The latter two reminded me of Mexico City street food. But the fish and shrimp were ridic delish. Served with roasted onions, a whole Serrano, and a flavorful creamy green salsa (what was that!). Loved this spot. Easy five.
5	Their tacos are awesome and their carne asada torta is to kill for. I found a good taco shop.
5	Hands down some of the best food in Phoenix!!Small seating area but very worth the wait . Owner on site and always has a great attitude.
5	Amazing. Std fare is great, lotsa unique things to enjoy, inexpensive, happy workers, chill atmosphere, etc etc. check it out
4	The food here was very good, but I'd suggest you open your patio for more seating as this place is a claustrophobics worst nightmare.  I seriously wished I'd taken my food to go.   And if you are running the register and a customer shows you a picture of a plate of delicious tacos from your own restaurant on your own restaurant's Yelp page on the Yelp mobile app and asks you if you know what kind of tacos they are don't give them an annoyed glare and say "How am I supposed to know?!?!"   Uh, you are supposed to be able to identify your menu items because you are running the register, and because your menu doesn't exactly give a lot of description to your different offerings, and because it's just good customer service?   I'll be trying this place again because everything was tasty the last time (for basically ordering the items blind) but if I get treated like an idiot for a simple inquiry again I definitely won't be back.
5	Best Tacos in town. Matt offers great service, and runs a top flight operation. Tortillas fresh, meat is not fatty but moist., All at an affordable price. Horchata is a must.
5	I love going here reminds of East LA taco stands. that I  miss very much.  My Husband an I eat here pretty often an everything we have tried is delicious. So if you are from Southern California an looking for East LA tacos I recommend eating here. :)
1	First thing I noticed when I got to this place was how many vehicles were there, I almost did not get a parking space. Once inside the place it's very small but I got a table.  I noticed that my family were the only ones with a nice tan(Mexicans of course).  We ordered our obligatory tryout two tacos (1 fish and 1 al  pastor)  they were bland typically being Mexican I don't expect much but when I don't see many of my colleagues at a place I pretty much know that the food is tailored to Anglos . I guess Comedor Guadalajara will keep getting my business.  Disappointed serves me right trying to find something mediocre trying to replace my mom's cooking. If I want street tacos I guess I'll drive to Mexico.
4	Best street tacos that I've had in a real long time. It must have been a really long time because I can not remember the last time street tacos that taste that good! Tried the Pork and Carne tacos, Quesadilla was also delicious. The walnuts in the horchata were different but didn't change the taste much at all. Red and Green sauce was tasty and had a nice warmth to it. If you want some heat eat the side pepper and you'll get a kick. Service was polite willing to answer questions and interested in our experience. Definitely coming back with others to share another experience at Taco Atoyac.
5	Place is a little small and hidden really well but it is not only affordable but really delicious!
5	Super YUMMY authentic Mexican food!  I LOVED the pork tostada. My husband loves their fish tacos. Everything is really good!!!
3	Drove down to check out the tacos here after reading Yelp reviews. I have to admit it was the only place we had tacos while here, so I don't have a reference point beyond what I've had at taquieras in Cincinnati. So the place looks intimidating from the outside, but once you step in it is bright, clean. We ordered fish tacos and some chicken tacos to go. I've only ever had fish tacos that used non-breaded or lightly breaded fish - so the heavily breaded fish on the tacos weren't what were expecting. They were still good, but I would have preferred them to be on the lighter side. The chicken tacos though were rather bland, the ground chicken that is used didn't really have any flavor. Next time maybe we'll have to try some of the other offerings but what we sampled didn't knock our socks off.
1	I had come here once before when they first opened and they were absolutely delicious!I was in the area and had some extra time today and they no longer exist. :-(
5	Best fish tacos in Phoenix. You probably wouldn't even know it was there if you drove by. If you're looking for a fish taco or just really good mexican food, go here! Really affordable prices too! This is a must go!
5	Went for lunch today.  Very good food.  I had 3 different tacos, all very delicious.  I will be back for more!
5	Had a fish taco, pastor taco & rolled chicken taco. All incredibly tender, juicy & tasty. Eating here was the best decision we made during our short stay in Phoenix!
5	The holy grail of tacos... Believe the hype. This is the end all be all of my happiness for food. Best tacos ever, hands down. The exterior of the restaurant is a little rough looking and isn't very visible from the road. Also, I do wish the menu was more descriptive in regards to what the tacos were garnished with ect. Our food came out quickly and the service was good. Overall this was win and I can't wait to return. Items Ordered:(Tacos) Shrimp, chorizo, fish & crane asada Carne asada quesadilla with a side of rice and black beans.
1	I just left from here and I don't know what you people are talking about and this having almost 5 stars or an A inside the business. This smells like sewage all over the place I could not be inside for 1 full minute. I walked out I can't believe people can eat inside with that smell in the air. I ordered an al pastor taco since I was there and yup just like I guessed it was nasty. Tortilla was cold no flavor and small for I think 1.50 You people on here don't know what's good tacos LOL
5	Best fish tacos in town. Torta Milanas is my favorite. And love the grilled onions on the side. Great friendly service! Dan, the dude wit the beard is awesome! If you love Mexican food. This place is a must!
1	I gave this place two chances to prove itself, but they have failed me. Visited this place when all the hype came about but was severely disappointed in both the size and taste of these tacos. Yes, I know they are street tacos and they run small, but I had to order 20 just to get a good fill, so I decided to order every kind of taco they had. I wish I could tell you what those tacos tasted like, but they all lacked flavor ....literally no flavor.I'm quite shocked at the reviews raving about the best tacos around....clearly  these tacos do not fit in any kind of a "good" category.
4	small spot in getto vill where I live... haha but overall was pretty good I didn't find the fish or shrimp tacos to be all that great however the pork and carne asada was bomb also some of their salsas are to kill for!! I also tried the burrito and that was good too.. overall nice..
5	Yelpers you have led me to the promise land again!! Okay, so it may not be as beautiful and as safe an area as I thought the promised land was, but you enter that odd non lit door and bam, you've made it! Not great signage or really anything to shout we are tops for tacos in PHX, but this is not hidden for those who know delicious street tacos. You may want to take some time and review the menu before you go if this is your first time. I ordered off the cuff and realized after ordering there were many other things worth trying. That's alright, I ordered enough food for 8 people (there was only 2 of us) all for under $20. This is what I tried:Asada Street Tacos: 5 Stars - You will get me every time if you can have tender carne asada with onions and a ton of cilantro! DeliciousMolote: 5 Stars - Masa corn fritter filled with Chorizo! No need to say moreShrimp Street Tacos: 5 Stars - Love the sauce!Asada Quesadilla: 5 Stars - Fine, yeah I went back to more asada! Awesome!I will be back, this is just the start of my list here at this taco mecca! One recommendation for these angels of the grill, Adobada!! Amen!
5	Fantastic.
5	Thank you, Dan for your delicious fish tacos and al pastor burritos
5	So good its ridiculous! Don't judge the non-descript building or sketchy area. They are the best tacos I've ever had!! Worth the drive and you can't beat the price.
5	The food is amazing here.  The prices are great too.  I get they feel no need to have a fancy location or decor.  But they really need to move into a larger, cleaner, more accessible location.
5	Fish tacos are in full beast mode. Very tasty. Along with the quesadilla and pastor tacos , you're going to be all good
1	Wow, what a HUGE disappointment. After all the hype on the Food Network, New Times, the AZ Republic, Phoenix magazine, etc. In a word, the fish tacos were dreadful: tiny, cold, dry. And I would defy anyone eating the tacos blindfolded to be able to tell they were fish. I should have sent them back as they clearly were NOT made to order but rather were probably just sitting around under a heat lamp. The place was not busy, so there is no excuse. I ate them and got out, still hungry. Prices have gone up (fish tacos now are $2 and others are $1.25), which is understandable with all the hype. But to get full, you would have to eat at least half a dozen. Seriously, Rubios fish tacos, on special on Tuesdays for $1.50 are better, both taste-wise and money-wise. I will never go back, which probably doesn't matter to the owner since the place has gotten so much publicity.
5	Yum! My new fav taco stop. The no-frills dive serves the best tacos around - quick, tasty and authentic,  street style tacos.I dropped by on Friday for a quick take-out lunch, and was surprised to find the little spot super busy. The place is small, and probably seats about 25 inside and 15 on the covered patio. There's nothing fancy about this place at all so dont come here planning to hangout for an hour. Come and grab your favorite tacos, chow down and be on your way.The carne asada and fish tacos were awesome! The carne asada was lightly seasoned, tender and served the way it should be - straight up on two little corn tortillas,  sprinkled with finely chopped onion and a sprinkling of cilantro. Reminds me of the LA street tacos I miss so much.The fish taco is also excellent so you've got to try it! They use a light batter, and its quickly fried. So the fish is crisp, tender and flaky on the inside and ohhhh so yummy. They serve it drizzled with a bit of chipotle mayo and some shredded salad. You have to try this!Tip 1 - ask for the 'bag' of sauteed onions and jalapenos.  They're an awesome addition to the tacos.Tip 2 - order a horchata. Its fresh and sweet and topped with pecans!
5	I've been wanting to try Tacos Atoyac forever but we were just never nearby.  We stopped in the other day for lunch and, judging by the long line and the numerous construction crews and firefighters eating there, we could tell it would be good.  We ordered tacos (camaron, al pastor, pescado) and I ordered a bean burrito as well.  I have to say that the bean burrito was one of the best I have ever had in my life.  I don't know what they use in their tortillas but they are perfectly translucent and chewy.  The three salsas that came with the meal were out of this world.  None of them were very spicy, but I loved the variety and the smokiness of them.  I also loved that you could get a side of grilled jalapenos and onions.  Don't judge a restaurant by its exterior.  This place may look a little rough from the outside, but inside, it's taco heaven!
5	This place is the shizzle!!! Great food and customer service.. Fast service and priced perfect.
5	Delicious! One of my favorite places to go! The best tacos in all of central phoenix!
5	Fresh, delicious and fast; all for a great value.   Don't expect all of this and ambiance.
5	I had lunch here today and they are some of the best carne asada tacos I've had in the valley. the meat's super tender, and the sauces are very good. I definitely recommend getting it with the grilled onions and peppers. its always busy here, because the quality of the food is so great. I definitely recommend checking them out if you're looking for some good, quick, healthy, delicious Mexican food.
5	I LOVE this dumpy little place with it's scuzzy looking exterior...and, let's be honest, interior.  But the food and service--and how do they get that food out sooo fast I wonder?--is superb!I had 2 fish tacos, a carne asada quesidilla and the grilled onions with a grilled jalapeno just for kicks.  Was it good?  Fantastic is more the word!Tax, title and license (in other words, drive out) came to a tad more than $9!And I don't know if my stomach has shrunk or what, but I actually came home and rested in a recliner for 2 hours afterward I felt so stuffed.  And this is probably the kind of place where you could go in with no shoes, no shirt and still get serviced............................................but,I love this place!  I will be back to Tacos Atoyac when I am even remotely in the area.  Dis be duh place, dis be duh place, dis be duh place!
2	My husband and I went here for lunch last week, as we were in the area and had read all of the wonderful reviews.  People are correct in that this place is a total dumpy dive.  But, that means nothing when it comes to food quality, usually you find wonderful places that look like this, so that didn't deter us from checking it out.  The reason for the 2 star review is that, frankly, the food isn't good. I honestly have no idea how this place has such high ratings.  We ordered the fish taco (way too salty), carne asada burro (meat was ok, I've had much better), chicken taco (bland) and carne asada tacos (meat same as burro).  We were both underwhelmed and have no plans to return.  The avocado salsa was good, I will give them that.  The other salsa, I am thinking it was a roasted tomatillo or something was decent, although DH didn't care for it. The tacos are cheap, but you have to order a bunch to fill up.  Again, not sure how this place gets 5 star reviews all day, just wasn't for us...
5	Picked up a bunch of tacos to go, different kinds. Grabbed a couple of tamales, too. Dealt with the jacked up traffic and headed home. When I got home and unpacked everything the food was barely lukewarm (due to traffic - not the restaurant).Tamales were BIG. Everything was so good we couldn't waste time reheating anything! Place was packed. Probably due to us Yelpers. ;)
5	Best menudo!!!! I'm from El Paso and been looking for a authentic menudo and this place is it!!!
1	I obviously went to the wrong place.I placed an order for their Friday special by phone. Thick accented lady, but was sure when I hung up that everything would be ok. Went to pick it up, only to find out everyone there gave me a "deer in the headlights" look when I got there. Looks like I slipped through the cracks.  So I asked if they still had their Friday special. They said, and I'm paraphrasing their heavily accented English "Not today". The big guy came in (has tats and looks mean) and I asked him about the Friday special and he looked peeved that I asked him, and said NO WE DON'T. he looked like he was going to kill me. Well fine I'll just leave now, because there were plenty of flies in there and a customer(?) taking a nap on the back table, maybe passed out so it just wasn't worth it for me. I can get better service and food somewheres else.
5	It's a hidden treasure.  Great food with great prices and a spicy owner.  What a mixture- you won't regret the visit.
2	Finally made to Tacos Atoyac after many months of waiting. In my own opinion, after the wait and all the praise, I was disappointed. Menu items are very inexpensive, but also very small. The food did not taste bad; though it didn't knock me out either-- it just was. Not really sure where all the praise is coming from, but then again, it could be just me.
5	We had the tacos and simply, they were great! The place is tiny but the food is very well done and very fresh. Only wish he was closer. This is the best fish taco in town.
4	Tacos were good and simple.  They were small and cheap, you'll want to order a few. Horchata was good and homemade.  Beans were plain.  Certainly not the best I've tried but I would come back.
5	The Al Pastor and carne are tasty. Tacos are small so you will want to order at least three. I was pleasantly surprised by the black bean salsa - big fan!I will definitely be back to try the fish tacos.***I went back for the fish tacos. And the shrimp, and the beef cheek...and more pastor. Hot damn they were all so good. I will probably never not get the fish tacos again. The shrimp was fresh (and they seemed bigger than the other tacos). The pastor tasted even better than the last time. New rating is 5 stars (from 4).***
5	Best tacos in town in my opinion, the pastor is the best I've had and I usually stay away from pork but the marinade is ridiculous.  The placebos very small and very casual. The owner is super nice and always very professional. Can't say enough about this place but hope the expand soon and get a larger place with a larger parking lot.
5	Definitely some of the absolute BEST Mexican I've ever had. The fish tacos were super flavorful and perfectly crispy, the asada street style tacos were awesome, the rolled tacos were amazing and piled high with black beans, cheese and sour cream, and the chicken quesadilla was tastier than any other I've had. The staff was friendly, the food was amazing and affordable, and the guy running the place was super cool. My only gripe is that I live in Chandler, and now I'm going to have to drive 30 mins to eat here, which I'm going to do, because it's that good.
5	Back again only two days later for seis tacos de tripas y horchata. I'm going to miss this place when I leave Phoenix. I hope it's still here the next time I'm back in town.
5	Swung by here while doing deliveries. The street tacos are some of the best I've had. The fish taco is really good. Each taco I ate was great!
5	I was here over a year ago and forgot to write a review. All I remember is my card declining and the cashier said not to worry about it. That's awesome customer service!
3	Stopped in for lunch with husband and son.  Divey but clean enough.  Quick service - ordered at counter.  $25.00 for the three of us. Authentic.Quesadilla was average and fine. Two fish tacos were average in taste and portion.  Carne asada was juicy and flavorful enough (had a taco and a burrito).  Burrito was big.  Bean and cheese burrito was average in flavor and size.  Got a side of refried black beans .  I think that was my favorite thing.  Got refried pintos too.  They were good.  Three little cups of sauce were with all that came with all of our order.  All green but very good.  Wished for more sauce.  Wished for red.  Little limes were pretty dry.  It happens.  The grilled onions and two hot peppers were nice but cold.  Wished for warm.  Drinks are in a fridge (cokes, and such in cans, glass bottles, etc).  Price is average for the food presented.  All in paper and cardboard containers on a plastic tray.  Napkin dispenser.  Kind and friendly people.  Sat outside.  Guy brought it all out to us.  Simple lunch.  Okay.
3	It's a hole in the wall, I passed it by the first time. The food was authentic Mexican and the staff was cool nothing crazy just basic tacos and burritos
4	Fast, friendly service. Food was delicious and filling. Just get past the hole in the wall layout as parking sucks. By no means healthy, but hits the spot after a night of drinking.
5	Now this is my kind of taco shop. Small, hole in the wall'ish, which means authentic and packed with flavor. I would highly recommend the Tacos de lengua. They cook it for 14 hours so it literally crumbles in your mouth. The tacos are small, so 3 will do you justice. In addition, please get the horchata. They add walnuts in there for added flavor. This is now my go to place for Mexican food. All other taco shops do not compare, as this is the best in Phoenix. Yup, that just happened (dropping my hands down)!
5	I used to live in Oaxaca and this is the only place in the states that comes close to the quality food that you can find in Mexico. Five stars because you can come here and spend about $10 for some really great food. This place is a local favorite and my wife and I will be continuing to go here at least monthly.
4	Ummm YUM! Why hadn't I made it out here sooner? This taco shop is legit. The tacos were cheap and delicious. I tried the asada, pastor, and pescado with a shared spicy chicken tamale ... the husband got the carne rolled tacos. All served with a delicious green salsa. I liked everything we ate, but my favorite by far was the fish. This was no ordinary fish taco... it was not fishy at all and was lightly fried so it felt light and airy. The sauce and slaw were wonderful. I'm not a huge fish person, but I would eat about a million of these things... yum. We had all of that and a coke for 11$.... insanity. I will be back!
5	Let me start by saying this.....Get here and get the fish tacos! The fish is very lightly breaded Swai and it's perfectly seasoned with a nice crunch to the outside and a very tender flaky inside. The torilla is flour not corn and it's served with a Chipotle mayo and cabbage. You can get grilled onions and Jalapenos on the side no additional charge and it's delish! I really enjoy the mild salsa served with them. They are on the small side 3 or 4 bites tops so order 3 or 4 of these gems!I am trying to work my way through the entire menu however I love the fish taco's so much I have just been adding things here and there or bringing a friend with me to try what they get. :)I have had their Quesadilla's the cheese is good, the Qusadilla with Carne Asada is really good the pork is on the sweet side which I enjoyed. It may not be for everyone. The Quesadilla's are very large and cheesy!I did venture out and try the Molote (masa fritter with potao and chorizo) It was not real spicy which I had expected it to be with Chorizo but I really liked it. The texture was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside the topping was black bean and oaxaca cheese. This is a great little dive!
5	Sad news Yelpers.... Tacos Atoyac just announced on their facebook page that they are closing indefinitely.I am ready to cry.
5	Great great great fish tacos and many other wonderful tacos to choose from I can't wait to go back
5	Carne Asada tacos....................#FIRE Make sure to get the green avocado sauce to go with it, they are a bit expensive due to the size of them, but I think its worth it
3	Although this place had issues regarding proprieter Dan and also the dining room temperature going all over the place, the food was so good!  It's sad to see this one close.     :-(
5	What happened?? I had the best tacos of my life here. I came back the other day... and its closed???Taco Gods why have you forsaken me!??!?Street tacos at its finest. It was like the real deal from Mexico minus the diarrhea. The fish tacos were second to none. I'm gonna miss you Taco Azoteca... Ayot... Atoyec... how do you say it?
5	Closed?!?!  I just have to say that if this place was near my shop in Gilbert, I would have eaten there at least once a week or more during lunch.  Great food.  Good people working there.  It will honestly be missed.
5	I went by yesterday (04.30.14) and they were open & have very very similar recipes, if not the same. I didn't see Dan, but I did see familiar faces.pb
4	= = = = = =  TACOS ATOYAC LIVES AGAIN!!  = = = = = =That's right, and it's better than ever!  See "Restaurant Atoyac Estilo Oaxaca."     :-))
5	They are not closed any more hurry and get ur fish tacos. Wwwwoooohhhooooo. 19th ave and Glendale . North east corner resturant atoyac .... Need I say more
5	THIS PLACE IS NOT CLOSED. It has been reopened as of the end of April under its new name, Restaurant Atoyac Estilo Oaxaca. Buen Provecho! (This place has the best horchata in the state.) the food is fantastic, true quality Mexican food. The place may seem underwhelming from the outside, but the food blows you away.
5	Hooray! I'm glad this spot reopened. They have some seriously good tacos. We will definitely be back.
