4	It's not the Four Seasons, but more appropriate for a Vegas weekend.
3	I don't think this place is worth the price.  Sure the rooms are big and everything appears to be super clean, but the noise you can hear through the walls and the smoking on non-smoking floors kinda ruin the experience.  Some redeeming notes:  no casino (so you can get away from it) and the non-smoking restaurant.  The gym there is completely over-priced ($20/day) given that it is about as big as a closet, but the gym's shower/locker room are great.  Nicer than Mandalay Bay, but not all it's cracked up to be.
5	I love this place.  Very upscale and modern, I felt like I was staying in Dwell magazine!  Amazing, large rooms, great service, and you get the pool at Mandalay.  On the top of THE Hotel is the Mix restaurant.  Open air views (minus the 'jump' shields) of the city, and amazing drinks, but the appetizers were disappointing, especially at the high prices. One last warning, one 30 second phone call cost $30.00, TAKE YOUR CELL.  Would I stay here again? Hell yeah.  Take a date here? Oh yes.
3	yeah, it's probably overpriced, but we got a good midweek deal for $110/night, so since it was on the husband's expense account, we gave it a try.  the rooms are nice for Vegas -- the suite format, with a separate living room, was especially nice when the husband was on conference calls at 5am.  Nice big bathroom.  Average toiletries and linens -- I'd be pissed to pay upwards of $250/night or more for that.  Our room got really cold, very oddly, and maid service didn't come until 6pm. The plumbing is VERY loud.   And the flat screen TVs (all three of them!) were either of sub-par quality or the cable quality sucks in Vegas.  It's good if you're on a "business" trip or get a deal, but otherwise I probably wouldn't return.
5	I would never stay anywhere else in Vegas again. Check out the spa. Check out the food. Oh and if you're really daring check out the top of your armoire (you know you're dying to know what I found....)
5	My hunnie and I were long-distancing it and we hadn't seen each other for a while.  So we met up in Las Vegas for his birthday.  My flight from HKG was awful and I got hassled by airport security so I was late arriving into LasVegas.  By the time I got there, my hunnie had already been checked in for a few hours.We walked into the lobby and I was already impressed. Sophisticated and quiet ambience, I liked the place already. Then my hunnie led me into the room and my jaw just dropped. The room was absolutely GORGEOUS. Marble foyer, living room with a giant flat screen TV, comfy sofa and a WET BAR!!! The bedroom was beautifully appointed with a ginormous king size bed and TV. The bathroom had this HUGE bathtub (big enough for a bubble bath for two!!!) and a separate shower setup. It was, truly, very elegantly done up and tastefully sophisticated.If anyone is visiting Vegas, I'll DEFINITELY recommend they stay at THEhotel. It's totally worth it.
5	I'd say this is 4.5 stars.  I was very impressed by the suites of Hotel at Mandalay and the lcd tvs throughout the suite were a big plus for when I needed to relax after my gambling losses.  (sigh)  I'm not sure how these compare to those at the Wynn or Venetian but it's still pretty posh imo.  There isn't much else special about THEhotel except that it's a separate tower away from the main casino area and they have Mix which is a nice bar alternative with a spectacular view from the 50thish floor.  That was cool.  So for nicer accomodations while staying at Mandalay otherwise I think the regular rooms are fine.
5	Place is insane. Insanely great. For anyone unfamiliar to the Mandalay campus: There are TWO hotels at Mandalay.  The normal hotel/casino, and then a *separate* high-class, high-rise called THE (phonetically "thee").It ain't a "room", it's more like a one-bedroom condo in a high-rise on the Strip. Your living room sports a chic modern couch and a 50" hidef plasma on the opposite wall surrounded by the hippest entertainment center furniture around. Oh, and in those copious hours you aren't clubbing, drinking, gaming, eating, shopping, and doing-things-you-might-regret, you also have a DVD player.  One 50" plasma not enough? Ok, don't worry my over-indulgent friend, there's another in the master bedroom, and that one is surrounded by the most amazing array of modern wardrobe furniture I've seen at any hotel. Yes, there's a sitting area near the window and another in the living room with a desk, printer, Internet port, and a monster-size deskpad for all your Picasso-esque doodles.Two flat screens still not enough?  We hear you.  Go to the master bathroom (not to be confused with your OTHER bathroom near the entry door).  There. Pretty nice LCD TV ya? Now you won't miss the next paternity test on Maury when you're making yourself beautiful.  You also have a monster tub and a separate, glass-enclosed shower. Dual sinks. Oh, and we know how you hate waiting for the hot water to reach the tap, so how about just having instant hot water. Cool, your highness?I should add that having a 2nd bathroom at the entry is great for your drunk friends who invariably cannot uriniate or yack in a straight line. (My apologies to the ladies who had to read this).  However, based on past experience, some of my galfriends can appreciate this point as well.  Oh, Tijuana!  But I digress...It is somewhat sad that all the distractions of LV take you away from your sophisticated palace at THE.  Next visit, I'm scheduling an additional night, and bringing the party to my ultra-mod condo.When people ask where you are staying.  Just say: "I'm at THE".  After all, "I'm staying at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay" is a mouthful and surely makes you look like a THE virgin.
5	This is my new hotel in Las Vegas.  I'm not staying anywhere else of a long time.Why is this place so great?  Well, it is like being at a hotel in NY or LA and not Vegas.  You don't have to schlep through the hordes of people and listen to the slot machines clickity clack while you try and get to your room.  People are very friendly that word here and considerably more attentive to your needs than most bigger places...Also, it is all suites.  So you have 1.5 bathrooms, a bar, sofa, DVD and a bathroom the size of my bed room to get crazy with.  There is a little ledge thing in the shower that is there just so that it is physically easier to have shower sex... who doesn't like that?Last time I was here on  a Saturday night we had about 8 people in the living room at 7:30 am.  I was tanked out of my gosh dang mind (many drinks and drugs) and I got up, exclaimed "I am going to call a stripper... and some room service."  Then was found the next afternoon with the room service menu in my bed and my laptop on the CL 'erotic services' page... I am a god.
5	I was very impressed with this hotel. I would stay here again and again and again. I stayed here for a 3 night/4 day convention at the convention center. Its weird how it looks different from the Mandalay Bay but yet they're connected. You get this feeling once you step in "The Hotel" its high class but you don't feel out of place feeling. I like the fresh flowers, the modern decor, and brightness of the lobby.I wasn't too worried that it was at the end of the strip. I ended up taking a cab everywhere which is just right downstairs, and you don't have to go through the casino (and you don't get the smoke smell)  Plus, there's a lot of restaurants and bars to choose from like Rumjungle or The Mix or House of Blues so you don't really have to go too far. If you do, just cab it!The only pain I had was that our flight arrived earlier (11am)  than check-in. The people at the front desk kept saying our room will be ready in an hour or so. That's all I kept hearing when I was calling to check. By 4 pm, we still haven't gotten our room yet so I called back and complained. They gave us $100 in credit we can use to charge in room service, restaurants, bar, and shops. Not bad. $100 goes a long way for breakfast (coffee and croissant) and and lunch for two during 3 day convention. i don't eat a lot ok.The room was NICE. Plasma tv. DVD player. Desk. Big shower and tub. BIG bathroom. Sofa. I felt really comfortable. I didn't feel like I was in Vegas...Eat at the Cafe downstairs. Even if you don't stay there. You may look at the menu and say it's pricey, but for the price, you get a lot of food and it's actually good. Unlike other cafe's in other hotels, it's pricey but the food sucks. I usually got the sandwiches and the reuben is delicious. The extra star? The cute boy behind the hotel desk who would always say hi to me if I passed by. And he gave me a choice in what room view I wanted. And also the cute bartender who taught me how to make awesome mojitos.I didn't get to try the spa. Darn. Next time.
1	See also my Yelp under Mandalay Bay....THEHotel is, by far, the worst hotel on the Strip.  This Yelp is not due to anything else but the Service.  For the price I paid ($400 a night for 4 nights), one would think the people that work here would be overly nice.  But, that is not the case.  They can care less if you hate the place or if you have any issues.  My room was filthy.  The tub was broke.  The room service food was cold and disgusting.  The light bulbs were cracked.  The carpet was sticky in several places.  I could go on for several hours.  And each time I complained, they told me that I should just leave.  AND, keep all my money that I paid up front.  These guys are a joke.  The real reason they can act like this is because they are owned by the MGM.  And when a Company gets that big, it doesn't matter how they treat guests any more.  Idiots just keep coming in....Please, find another hotel to stay at.  This place sucks ass!!!!
5	THE hotel:After arriving 40 minutes later than scheduled; at the Las Vegas Airport, and waiting about 20 minutes for my luggage, and another 20 minute wait for a cab, which this hot and kind of spastic blonde woman asks to share a cab with me. I ask the driver to take us to the Mandalay Bay Hotel. This is where my friend who was to be married in a couple days said for me to go. The driver gets me and the woman to the hotel in about 15 minutes. (It was around 6pm and high traffic.) We get the Mandalay Bay Hotel, split the fair and tip, say good bye to each other, and I get on my cell to call Eva (the bride) to tell her I was there.She gives me directions to the elevator."Left of the reception desk..""What reception desk?" I interrupt her."In the front." She says."There's no reception desk,...oh wait. There's a reception desk to the left.""What?" She's confused. "What hotel are you at?"I pause. Trick question? "The fracken' Mandalay Bay Hotel! Dammit! Where the hell am I suppose to fracken' be!"(fracken: bsg lingo. I say this when I'm in public, rather than the word "fuck".)"At THE hotel, dummy!" She says, to me as if the problem is solved."I'm AT the fracken' hotel." I tell her."No. THE hotel. The hotel is call THE hotel." She implores."What THE hell is THAT suppose to mean, and where THE hell is it?!""It's part of the Mandalay Bay Hotel" Eva informs me."Oh frack! I call you back." I hang up the cell.I walk up to the reception desk to my left, which is actually an information desk.Good. "'Scuse me?" I say to the Obiwan Kenobi (old version) looking gentleman. "I'm lost." Fairly comfortable with being a tourist. "I need to get to THE hotel."He proceeds to direct me.Left of the elevators. House of Blues. Theatres. Casino. Got it.5 minutes later. I walk into a hall much different than the Mandalay Bay building.Black, marbles, deco, clean lines, ultra modern, sleek.I come across a sign that says THE cafe. Across the hall Raf, Ev, and Wayne are walking towards me. Sigh of relief.The place is pretty cool looking. The rooms are comfortable, stylishly clean and professional. The amenities were great.Lots of room, closet space, and humongous flat panel t.v. "Anyone bring a playstation?"THE lounge:After unpacking our stuff, Raf, Wayne and I decide to get a drink and have a smoke.Who ever hires the cocktail-waitresses is a person after my own heart. "Oh shit." I hiss. The ladies were hot.The lounge is cool. Really comfortable chaise and tables. Every thing is black, brown, beige, stone, steel, glass. Industrial elegance.When it comes to drinking. I'm simple. Double Chivas over and a Perrier.After 2 orders of these, we remember that we were suppose to have dinner. We had another round, because we were waiting for the groom to return with the tuxes.After dinner I returned there to read and drink. I don't gamble so I was pretty happy with my book, scotch, Perrier and smokes.It was a quiet night so I got to chat with the servers a bit. They were very personable and friendly. Nice people altogether.Despite the hookers and johns that frequented THE lounge, it was a really comfortable place to hangout, people watch, just plain lounge.I was there at least twice every day till Sunday. Great place.THE cafe:I ended going here about 1:15 am in the morning.I was surprised that I was hungry, since I ate like a pig at the wedding reception earlier that evening. But, there I was, hungry. I was out of smokes so I stopped off at THE store to by a pack of P-funks and walk around to see if there was anything like a BK or something. Nothing.I go to the lounge and get a beer and have a couple cigarettes.As I was about to head up to the suite, I see that THE cafe was open and thought "What the hell, another $10.00 sandwich it is."I asked the hostess if I could order my food to take up to my room, and she said "Of course, you can." With a big smile.I look through the menu, don't find what I was looking for. What I order is a Chicken Mole' Quesadilla with "aoxoan ?" and Grilled Poblanos. Also a order of fries.$20.00 with tip.I'm irritated a bit. "This better be fucken good!" I think to myself.After about a 20 minute wait and a smoke. I get my food and head back to my room.I spread my food out on the coffee table and start with the quesadilla."OH SHIT! This is good. It's not even close to being a good mole', or real Mexican, and what ever "aoxoan?" is I don't know. But..."bite, chomp,chomp,chomp" this is fucken great!Fries?Crispy, hot, a little spicy.What's this white sauce?Mayo with lemon, garlic, herbs. Not bad. Though it's a good thing I had ketchup.15 minutes later. Almost finished everything. Pretty happy with the meal. I get sleepy and prepare for bed.
5	I've been to Vegas more times than I care to remember at this point, but I've never had as nice an experience as I did while staying at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. I don't think I'll ever be able to go back to staying at the Luxor or anywhere else on the Strip.  The main reason... it's like you're not even in a Vegas casino hotel once you walk into the lobby area that separates "TheHotel" from the rest of Mandalay Bay. The decor was reminiscent of the W hotel chain, and the room was very cozy and well-decorated.  Oh, and the bath in the room was awesome. I'd go back just for that!
5	So sleek.  So Euro.  So glad I got to stay in this posh hotel for $0.... thanks to a business trip.  THE hotel is probably one of the coolest hotels I've ever stayed in.  The decor is ulta-modern but in a timeless way - like in ten years no one will be thinking, "This place screeeams 2007".  Everything is along the lines of a soothing trio of black-white-beige - a welcome respite from the blinking lights, stale cigarettes and dinging casino sounds coming from the rest of the Mandalay Bay compound.  There are also some really cool Dale Chihuly-like (not sure if they're his for sure) white glass chandelier sculptures in the two entrances.The rooms are very large - two bathrooms, one that's probably bigger than my bedroom at home - and all feature flat panel tv's which is nice if not a bit humorous.  Is it really necessary to watch tv in the tub/shower?  The beds were comfy (feather pillows...mmm), the shower exquisite after long days at a tradeshow, and the closet space generous (and lighted!).  We ate breakfast both mornings at The Cafe and I was impressed.  Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and The Cafe delivered - steel cut oatmeal, polenta, perfectly toasted toast, crispy bacon, buttery & light pancakes, and tea in silver pots.  Even if you're not staying at The Hotel, slide into their comfy booths and get yourself a fabulous morning meal.  Just come early or call ahead - the wait can get a bit on the longish side.
5	I love this hotel!! It's also one of the biggest hotels in Vegas :) It's SO CLEAN!! the rooms are really nice and there's a good buffet when you enter their casino, but besides buffet there's sushi and other restraunts..There's a lot to do inside this hotel love it
5	TheHotel is my favorite place to stay on the Vegas strip. The suites are huge (one bedroom with 1.5 bathrooms) and you don't have to deal with walking through a smokey casino just to get to your room.
5	Top Notch! No Vegas cheese here. Enjoy the pool during the day, and the view from Mix in the evening. Also check out Forty Duce, The House of Blues ("Boogie Knights" on Saturday), and the casino center bar for some action.The main pool is the best I've been at.  This pool offers waves that you can body surf in.  There is also the South pool which is good to hang at when the main pool is over crowded.  Check out Silicon Sundays at the "private" pool.
5	THEhotel is the single best place to sleep in Las Vegas. The rooms are huge at ~800 sq ft. They are well-appointed in modern decor, complete with the only (plush) carpet in Las Vegas that you won't think is ridden with hooker-borne disease. And my favorite part, their lobby is a beautiful hotel lobby, not a chorus of beeps and boops from a maze of slot machines. Special tip... They like to say that all of their rooms are suites when you ask about suites, but if you persist, they do indeed have a penthouse floor. It's ridiculously expensive, but it's SO WORTH IT.
5	Oh, Vegas. The only place where, in order the get a nice room for the night, you must drag your suitcase through a smoky casino, past geriatric gamblers and drunken frat boys, risking possible seizure (or headache at least) from all the blinking lights and badly patterned carpets. Not so at The Hotel. A refuge of understated sophistication, The Hotel mixes dark woods, brushed chromes, cool marbles, and plush fabrics to create sleek interiors that feel both modern and classic. Cozy beds and spa-worthy bath products add to the relaxation factor.Urbane and elegant, The Hotel is everything that the rest of the strip is not. And I mean that in a really good way.
5	Eventhough the location of THE Hotel @ Mandalay Bay isn't in the heart of the strip, this is still my favorite place to stay.  This is a great spot to bring 10-15 of your friends and pile them in these rooms.  They are two room suites with a plasma tv in the living room.  The rate can get pricey but if you go during the off season I've seen it as low as $130/ night.  The Mandalay poker room also has the best limit holdem game in vegas.  $1/$2 blinds for $4/$8 limit.  I always lose my money to the old lady or the dirty old man that hasn't showered in a week.  :(
4	This is a beautiful hotel and I would say that if you have a special occasion and want to splurge, this is a good choice.  All the rooms are suites and each room of each suite is beautifully decorated as you would expect from a high end hotel in Vegas.But the way that they're building in Vegas, it's hard for a hotel to maintain its status for long.  The Hotel was amazing when it first opened, continues to be great today, but in a few months there will be at least 3 new hotels vying for top spot honors including a new Mandarin Oriental hotel that's going up and promises to be spectacular accommodations wise.Here's one general observation about hotels in general...does anyone else think that these places don't know how to make a bed?  Has anyone else found the wrong end of the sheets at the head of the bed?  Has anyone else found that the sheets are so tightly tucked in that when you try to open your bed you end up pulling out even the bottom sheet (which isn't fitted for some reason) and exposing the mattress?
5	How could you not love it. Suites are perfect, reasonable and the pool is great in the summer. Always a favorite.Date Rating: 10Pick up Scale: 9Strong Suggestions: STAY HERE!
5	very nice and chic.  was here for a friend's wedding weekend.  the chapel is beautiful...no signs of vegas or elvis.  very elegant setting with the most comfortable chairs ever present at a wedding.  this hotel is a breath of fresh air while in vegas if you're not there to gamble.
4	I'm a huge fan of Top Chef. So when Elia (finished fourth or so) came out after our meal and right to us, it was quite surreal. I am not sure if she thought I was someone else or not. But I got a photo anyway.If not for the Elia experience, perhaps the food wasn't that great. But still above average breakfast fare.
5	i ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEhotel.the staff is amazing.  its tucked away from all the tourists and kids, its a hip grown up hotel.  i believe its all suites so you get a huge flatscreen in the living room area with a sofa, office table and fridge.  i'm surprised all the goodies in the fridge/snack area were reasonably priced.  there's robes in the bedroom!  they were so soft!  i wanted to take them home but the price tag was pretty hefty lol  the bathroom has a flatscreen, hello!  i love the glass doors on the shower, so sexy.definately a place you want to stay if you want to live it up for a day or a few days.  we stayed here when i took a new job and it was so refreshing to hang out with my siblings.  if memory serves correct, there's a shopping area inside mandalay bay that has urban outfitters.  i also believe there's a tram that will take you to other hotels.
5	This hotel is one of the BEST hotels that I have stayed in. The hotels smells with fresh flowers everywhere with modern deco. The room is beautiful with flat panel tv's. Everything in this hotel is incredible without the smell of cigarettes like most hotels have.
5	Ambiance: Sexy Deathstar. No need to schlub through the clangety bleeps of the casino floor to get to your suite of peace. The lobby is so serene, and has a custom subtle crisp elegant citrus scent to it. My luxury suite had the sweetest HUGE tub to relax in after all the trudging around. LoveloveLOVE this hotel. I'll be a regular.
5	This review is about the night club MINX on the top floor of THEHotel.Awesome views of the strip.  There are several small long white mini tables that sit next to the railing, so you can set your drink down and view the strip. We ended up here for NBA all star weekend.  We went early at 8pm, got in Free on Saturday night, and I guess it was for some NBA allstar party.  Awesome right...We ended up standing and drinking next to Amari Stoudlemire for about 30 minutes, didn't know it was him until people started gawking.  Then he left...so the cool factor definitely went up.  This place must bring in the Celebs at times.  We met a new couple who we had long conversations with.  That brought the friendly factor up as well.We ended up dancing on the dance floor, which was small, but the music was not that bad.   Maybe due to the el vino flowing...Overall drinks were reasonably priced for a vegas club, 9 dollars a drink.  I would recommend this place for a chill but aggressive night out on the town.
5	If you are going to THE Fabulous Las Vegas, you should try to stay in THE  Hotel.  Instead of chintzy glam and smoky carpets THEHotel offers sophistication in a glamorously modern fashion.  High ceilings, low lighting and the gentle hint of some scent of flower permeate the soothing browns, blacks, whites, and creams of the simple design.  Our room, particularly the bathroom, was classy and clean.  In fact everything about THEHotel is styled and designed with impeccable taste.If you opt to try the gym, know that it will be smaller than you'd expect.  Its also overpriced (but it is Vegas).  During the week the room rates can be slightly more affordable.  But whatever the rate, you can feel properly pretentious when someone asks you where you're staying and you reply simply with "THEHotel" ....but of course, is there any other?
5	Loved it!  We went for a girl's weekend in Vegas and we all really loved our room. It's like that studio apt you wished you when you first left college.  Having the 2 bathrooms is great when you are travelling with 4 girls! Great colors, great bed and it was really nice to have a living room too.
5	This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed at.  Modern and simple in decoration which is just my style.  We stayed for two nights mid week, so the price wasn't so bad, but after having stayed at the Luxor a few years earlier I would pay any price to have a room with a comfortable bed.  THEHotel did deliver on this the bed was quite comfortable.  1.5 baths and 3 TVs.  Floor to ceiling windows in both the bedroom and sitting area.  Our room also had a nice view of the Luxor and the strip.  The bathroom was huge with a glass enclosed shower and a huge tub.  I don't know if no one was staying around us, but the room was quite.
5	THEHotel is one of my two favorite hotels in Vegas.   THEHotel is separated from Mandalay Bay and is filled with nothing but suites.The crowd in this hotel ranges from mid 20's to late 30's.  You usually don't find many family's here - mostly couples or younger groups of people.    THEHotel does not have its on casino or shops however it directly connected to The Mandalay Bay hotel which offers all the Vegas basics. The room has great decor, a huge plasma in the living room, a small tv in the bathroom - and a separate bedroom - 4 people will be very comfortable here.THEHotel always keeps me entertained and I always enjoy my stay here.BTW: THEHotel has its on private pool and the pool at The Mandalay Bay is probably one of the best pools in Vegas!!!!Side note: I remember the first couple times I went there I was very amused because every thing had a label on it like THESoap, THEShampoo, THEToilet paper.__________________By: Ali E
3	I was really disappointed with The Hotel. Last time I stayed there the rooms were immaculate, the service was incredible, and the room was maintained to the highest standard.This time we were welcomed by an unmade bed, a slow and pretentious staff, and a room that looked like it had seen one to many bachelor parties. The furniture was banged up, the hair dryer was broken, and the carpet has lots of stains.I loved this place when my boyfriend and I stayed there last year but since then it has gone down hill. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
5	I LOVED this place! It was a nice place to stay in Vegas. Only bummer was it was far away and we had to take taxi's EVERYWHERE (I don't like to walk far distances...) besides to Mandalay Bay.We stayed in the suite with a queen bed. There was a separate living room with a nice big screen plasma, nice couch, desk, and mini bar area.Our bedroom was very nice! Sleek and modern furniture. My favorite is the bed board. Ample closet space and a luxurious bathroom.So nice you don't wanna leave your room but you have to because it's Vegas!The rest of the hotel amenities are pleasant as well.I'd definitely come back here!
4	i enjoyed my stay at THEhotel. it wasnt all about the glitz and the glam of vegas, but more chic and modern. i cant really compare the price range, cuz i didnt pay for my stay, but at check out, i believe it was roughly $800 for 2 weekday nights. the room i had is probably bigger than any apartment i have lived at! they have this distinct scent all over their soaps and the lobby of their hotel, which is a nice transition from the smoke filled casino to the nonsmoking hotels =) positive:lobby - aesthetically pleasing, the mural behind the counter is this blue splatter/blob thing with hints of body parts from the smurfs or the seven dwarfs.... i'm leaning towards the dwarf... room - clean, spacious and modernshower/bath - abundance of scalding hot watertoilet - entertaining to see a sticker of THEtp on the roll! LOLbathroom - spacious with tv and a magnifying mirror presentnegative:bed - WAY TOO SOFT for meelevators - people on the elevators seemed to have difficulty locating their destinations (the spa: 2nd floor or the mix: 64th floor)... i dunno why it was so difficult for some peopleroom - dark due to brown interiorcouch - not so comfy cuz the throw pillows are flat not fluffy
5	Yes it's really all that. If you are not a high roller and you can't get a super deluxe high roller suite, The Hotel is the best bet. It's my style and it has the right look and feel. It has all of the amenities and it's a big hit when you're going high profile. There's not much else to say. It's a must-do.
5	I'm spoiled beyond belief now. This is the only place I'll stay in Vegas. Even the bathtubs are perfect...i swear they're jumbo-sized furo tubs. I mean, I'm 5'10" and I almost drowned in it! The plasma screen in the loo was a bit comical, but believe me, it kept me occupied as I tried not to drown in that huge fucking tub. I'll be back next month!
5	My first time staying at THEHotel, and it was so awesome!  The rooms are great - huge, spacious, well-designed, lots of the basic (and nicer) amenities...and a decent deal if you are there on a non-peak weekend (and you book months in advance).The suites were big - not the kind of big where you can throw a party in them - but big like lots of room for 4ish people.  The front room was perfect with a large, flat screen TV, a super comfy couch and a nice little wet bar area.  Two bathrooms were definitely nice, even if the small one was super tiny.  The suites were so tastefully decorated and comfortable that I didn't want to leave...but since it's Vegas, of course, I spent very little time in my room!Unlike the Mandalay Bay, registration is totally sane (it's not totally crowded and crazy) and the taxi lines are decent.  Even better, the lobby bar is nice, relaxed place to meet up before the festivities for the evening begin.  Standard poolside complaint - I always wish there were more chairs.  Who are all of these people who wake up before 11 a.m. to get to the pool???THEHotel left me with just one more question - why don't I have a flat screen TV in my bathroom?
5	the rooms at THEHotel are the best i've stayed at.  i'm comparing this to the suites at venetian and the standard rooms at bellagio and wynn.The suite has a living room with a plasma and a bathroom.  The sleeping area has another TV there.  The bathroom is very contemporary, with a glass encassed shower and tub with a roman spout.  this place is awesome, can't wait to stay there again.
5	Next time you're in Vegas, stay at the "THEhotel" next to Mandalay Bay. $50 bucks more (avg.), but you'd swear you're staying at any "W" hotel. Super chic hotel and cool stuff all around. Plasma tvs up the ying yang and the best damn beds I ever slept in! Plush and super cozy!!!! Made me feel like a winnah even tho I ended up losing!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Updated 9/17/2007Staying here once again for a family get together and we were upgraded from a "THEreg room" to "THEsuite" and placed in a corner unit overlooking the strip and it was amazing. Floor to ceiling windows and pimp ass bathrooms even equipped with "THE/tp/toiletries" even had a big-ass tub to fit THEfuji!!!!A once in a lifetime chance came across where we got even upgraded even higher. Yes, were talking the THEpresidential suite. Insane.See THEpics for more detail.....btw, as I noted, the toilet paper in the bathrooms did have "THEtp" stickers on them.....sheesh....
4	Until you actually get to the main hotel at Mandalay you might not know you were in Vegas in this particular hotel. It has that modern, sleek New York boutique hotel feel but on a much larger scale. Plasma TVs in the rooms, decor done in clean lines, modern materials and dark neutrals and rooms large enough to accommodate any after party that may or may not require you to stay up until the wee hours of the morning. This is Vegas, however, so expect a little cheesiness everywhere you go. We found it here in "THETheme" of this hotel. They had a series of shops, clubs and restaurants with the following names; "THECoffee shop", "THECafe", "THEMix", THEStore" etc....and for being a hotel that is trying to be slick we knew they still had a sense of humor about the ridiculous "THE" theme when we saw, placed beautifully by housekeeping on our roll of toilet paper, a little sticker that said "THEtp".
5	Love THE Hotel because I feel like I'm in NYC.  It really does feel like a "W" except the room was so much bigger!  I love the design and ambiance of the rooms.  The only minus is the lighting, it's quite dim.  The room makes up for it however and I loved watching tv while I was in the shower.  Overall it's a really nice hotel.
5	THEhotel is all about comfort and class.  From their lobby, to the lobby lounge, to the coffee bar, to the cafe, THEhotel is in a class above the standard Mandalay Bay offerings.  All their rooms are suites...725 sf or larger.  The rooms are huge and impeccably decorated in dark woods, mirrors, suede, and glass.  It's more like a boutique hotel with metropolitan flair.  The beds are magnets...you just can't get out of it once you lay down...it's true, they are comfortable.  A TV and phone can be found in almost every room of the suite (living, bedroom, main bathroom) except the guest bathroom.  The main bathroom is huge as well with a separate shower and tub sitting in the corner...we probably could've set up a roll-away bed in there and still have enough room to walk around.  Maybe next time.  It's a shame that we didn't really get to enjoy the room and all its amenities.  The plasma TV is eye catching, and the couch, just as comfortable as one of the beds.  The mini bar was stacked, but came with a price tag.  My main beef...$11/day for internet use.  How can you pay so much for everything else and they not offer free internet???  1/2 star deduction for no free internet.O, and if you're ever in the mood to shoot pool, take advantage of the free pool in the lobby lounge...if you got the time.
5	I'm accustomed to staying in hotels like the Excalibur, Luxor and Sahara.  Hotels that have the lowest rates online, but also provide me with a pretty low budget weekend, and allow me to be the cheap bitch that I am.  Hotels where there ARE $5 tables, and fast food courts, and cramped living space.  This past weekend, I lived like a queen.  None of that classless, cheap stuff in our hotel..no way.  Maybe it was more like living like THE queen of potential kink, debauchery, shark tanks,  tiny clothes and mango-ey goodness, but THE queen none-the-less.THE Queen of potential kink- This title goes to THE living quarters as a whole and what we managed to do to them. THEHotel consists of all suites.  Two rooms make for room for many, and we definitely took advantage of that.  We had a pile of people in the living area on Saturday night, and a full bedroom as well, making for an interesting picture for any stranger that was to be an outside observer.  Couch with three, Air mattress with two, two on the floor, five in the bedroom, and who knows where everyones hands were.  All the bedrooms also have mirrors on the closets and walls next to the bed which could add a very entertaining aspect to bedroom happenings.  The bathroom has a pretty large tub, with a clear shower next to it, so you could watch someone bathing while showering if that is what you are into.  There is also a television in every room except the guest bathroom, so you could order 24 hour porn and have it follow you around the rooms.  A phone in the main toilet area also could allow for some interesting conversations with those people in the bedroom or living area.THE Queen of debauchery- do i really need to explain this one?  We were in Vegas.  We were the "smoking room". THEHotel provided us with THEMix, the nightclub, and between the shot of tequila I took at THEBar, and the other stuff I ingested within all of our other rooms, sobriety was barely an option.  I didn't break anything, although a few of us almost started THEfire, in THEtrashcans downstairs in THEarea where we weren't supposed to be smoking.THE Queen of shark tanks- When telling someone that we had a shark tank in our room, it evolved into this whole conversation about how sharks were difficult roommates, and having a room filled with chum was pretty gross and hard to deal with...but in reality all I meant was that we had a channel on the television that was a 24 hour view of the Shark Exhibit at Mandalay.  If sharks and fish tanks are what you are into...this was definitely the most entertaining channel on the TV.THE Queen of tiny clothes- if only there was a reason to wear the clothes i wore this weekend in Vegas in everyday life in SF.  Everyone I saw in small outfits or dresses, I would follow up by saying, man...that dress sure would be cute over jeans.  Cuz that's how we roll in SF.  Not in Vegas though.  Somewhat modest Lauren, actually showed ALOT of skin this past weekend.  I needed to feel like I fit in to the Vegas culture, and specifically the type of people who were staying at THEHotel.  Classy though...not trashy.  Cuz THEHotel was all class.THE Queen of mango-ey goodness- So, this story started off at home in SF when I decided to be a good resident in my room and bring a very large bottle of Mango flavored vodka to share in Vegas.  Pack it up in towels so it doesn't break, and check my bag.  I arrive at the hotel, only to realize that my backpack is completely soaked, and that there is only an inch of vodka left in the bottle.  NOTE TO SELF: Don't pack a bottle that has been opened.  EVER.  I start to freak out.  I get to my room, explode my bag, and realize that everything smells like Mango.  Could have been worse, and smelled like Absolut Peppar, but I definitely still start to worry.  I take out my NEW green dress, my NEW white halter, and my NEW multi colored halter, only to realize that those three NEW items are the only ones affected by this ordeal.  Of course. Everything smells, but the unwashed new green dress bled onto the white halter and the other one is just covered in filth.  SHIT!  I managed not to over-pack this weekend.  I only packed outfits...and I have no other outfits for my evenings, and I love that halter that i haven't worn yet and now its no longer white...its green.  I use THElaundry service.  I call THEbell desk, and give them my clothes around 3 o'clock Friday.  They were delivered in near perfect condition by 6 o'clock Saturday, and with the exception of the halter having a *hint* of green that you could barely see, I was super pleased at the work that the hotel did.  THEHotel provided all sorts of services to us.  We ordered room service, and even though they couldn't deliver the partridge in a pear tree that we ordered, the hospitality I felt at this hotel was perfect.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  After all I am THE Queen...it would be expected.
3	THEHotel at Mandalay Bay is sleek, modern, and stylish for sure.  The rooms are all mini-suites with the option of one King or two Queen beds, a plasma TV, and extremely nice bathrooms.  The rooms themselves are a pleasure for the most part.  They offer a sense of high roller Vegas living without the high roller price, whether you are staying alone or splitting the costs with others.There are some areas that need work however.  The first was the freshly poo'd in bathroom scent that lingers in the front area just beyond the pretty flowers and next to the bank of elevators.  What is up with that?  Try some coconut or pineapple scent please. Something tropical.  A few of us had issues with our rooms being ready upon arrival.  It took several hours before our rooms were ready for use to settle into.  The water temperature in the shower would flucuate greatly from super hot to ice cold which was extremely unpleasant.  And while we had a plasma TV the cable connection was very poor which almost made watching the TV a pain.  The volum control was very wonky as well.  You do get a DVD player with the TV but we didn't bring any DVDs with us to see how the display measured up when viewing a movie.I would most likely give THEHotel another try the next time I visit Vegas to see if maybe some of these issues get worked out.
2	THEHotel is pretty on the surface, but, like Vegas itself, lacks depth and character. Mandalay Bay has a tropical vibe, but it's so half-assed it's barely noticeable. THEHotel is far from the pool and spa, and Mandalay Bay is far from center Strip.A group of housekeepers chilling in the hallway talking about the harshness of life isn't something you'd expect to see in a hotel this swank, but it was the most refreshingly real thing I saw on my trip.And you can keep placing "THE" in front of things.. it doesn't make it any more spectacular:"I jumped in THEBathroom and took a wicked dump in THEToilet before hopping in THEShower."Lush.
4	I'm going to tell you a little secret about this swank, classy hotel.This secret belies the glossy appearance of the vast expanses of marble in the foyer.  This secret doesn't immediately match up with the cosmopolitan guests you see walking the halls of this upscale hotel.  This secret doesn't jive with the sexy and modern dcor of the spacious suites.The secret is that this posh hotel is perfectly suited to the young urbanites of the world that come to Vegas to party.Allow me to elaborate with a purely hypothetical situation.Maybe you're sitting in the lounge area of your suite with a handful of your friends.  You're gearing up for a big night out.  You suddenly realize your lacking supplies.  So you call down to room service and order two pillows, two blankets, three glasses, two ashtrays and a partridge in a pear tree.  Room service won't bat an eyelash.  (Hint: They also won't bring you the partridge.)Suppose that you return from a big night on the town, you've indulged in every vice that Sin City has to offer theoretically, you might wake up the next morning with your closest friends and newfound acquaintances to find that the morning hours have passed you by.  A maid knocks on the door and you quickly, but kindly inform them you are still occupying the room.  The housekeeping department will soon call you and schedule a time that would be conducive to your debauchery.  (Hint: Housekeeping overlooks quite a bit of the evidence from your decadent behavior that you might indiscriminately leave around the room.)I should also mention that THEhotel features the most comfortable mattresses found outside of my very own bedroom.Lastly, THEhotel features THEstore.  Conveniently located at the bottom of the elevators,  you can buy half bottles of booze for roughly twice what you would pay at your local purveyor of spirits.  Yet this cleverly still works out to be cheaper than two drinks at the THElounge.
4	Contemporary trend in design, it seemed to fit the up-and-coming and ever-changing Las Vegas.  I love the way the room looked as well as the flat panel tvs that came with it.  Actually, all of TheHotel's room are considered suites.  The simple but yet tasteful designs of the suites made me want to remodel my own room to look like it..  Our room was clean as I expect every Vegas hotel rooms to be, and we were well accomodated whenever we requested of housekeeping.  The best part, their pool; it was big and it comes with man-made tide which gave it a beach feel.  It was amazing to say the least not to mention the people you see there whether sun-bathing or 'catching the wave'.Unfortunately, despite of overall positive feel, I couldn't give it a 5-star rating.  First of all, the distance of the pool to the hotel rooms was pretty far compared to other Vegas hotels.  Second, tv signal feeding the flat panel were horrible.  It's one thing when it's not HD signal, but it's another when the signal were worse than my basic cable.  Yes I didn't stay in the room much aside from just sleeping, and most of the time I am out at the pool side, the casino, on the Strip, etc., but that doesn't mean the quality of tv shows I potentially would watch can be sub par.So far this summer I have stayed there twice already, and would still stay there in the future when get the chance.  I highly recommend the stay just because of the pool.., but do consider the fact that because this hotel is the furthest south of the strip compared to other major hotels, depending on where you want to go, it would require either driving yourself or hailing a cab / limo.
4	Without a doubt, this place is swanky. The vision of decadence. A phone by the toilet, a TV in the bathroom, two plasma screen TVs. Though most of this was only in use during recovery hours, watching the Shark Reef channel as we stumble to put ourselves back together.THEHotel gets a little flack for not having a central theme like Luxor or the Excaliber, and being further down the strip than other hotels. Given the circumstances of a weekend of debauchery with 30 other Yelpers, this massive hotel was the a good line up. I still don't understand the need for them to name everything so explicately though.You can buy a handle at THEStore and have breakfast at THECafe but  THERoom Service is just as good. There is not actual gambling in THEHotel (though there is plenty attached to it at Madalay Bay) but there is a club on the top floors, THEMix. You do the same at A store for less if you don't mind travelling a little off the strip, so it's all up to the individual. It may not be THEBest, but it's certainly pretty good.
3	It's a bit confusing when you first try to find the valet entrance since it's separate from the Mandalay Bay casino. The lobby is sleek black, fresh white flowers, and very simple but elegant. They messed up on our suite and we only got 1 king size bed instead of 2 queens (even when we confirmed the reservation a few days ago). The Suite is ALOT smaller than it looked in the pictures and from what I imagined. It's kinda cramped for 6 people!Pros:Bathroom (tv screen, cool bathub and shower)Comfy bedThe beach/poolCons:Concierge (since she messed up)Size of roomTHEhotel is pretty far away from the pool Location at end of strip- you HAVE to take a taxi to get to the main strip Next time I'll try to find a hotel closer to allthe other casinos/bars/nightclubs.
5	What else is there about THEhotel at Mandalay Bay that needs to be said that already hasn't been said?  Other than the naked people running around in the hallway and the drunks chasing away the concierge / cleaning folks in the morning, this place was a great place to crash.The suites are a beautiful combination of luxury and elegance with a touch of class in sophistication from the junior to mini to ultra suites.  Its the newest part of the Mandalay Bay resort and clearly the one aspect that has made Mandalay Bay rise into the ranks of some of the better known hotels along the strip.  Its close the airport, literally minutes away via taxi.  Its on par with Caesars Palace and Hard Rock for most contemporary and luxurious suites, but a notch below the Bellagio, Wynn, and Venetian in overall decadence.The prices are going to be high virtually any night of the week.  Unless if you're a roller or getting your room paid for, its a fortune to live like royalty at THEhotel.  And in no disrespect to those who stay in the nearby Luxor, Excalibur, Tropicana, but it is worth every penny to make this place THE place to stay in Vegas.
4	I have to give this hotel some props for trying to do the high concept thing, but it came off looking disturbingly like the W, and not in a good way. One thing that your may notice is that the giant armoire at THEhotel is the exact same one as at the Suxor (you know, down the mall from THEhotel).Anyway, you initially get dropped in the bottom story of the parking lot, which is adjacent to the Mandalay Bay Hotel. The lobby is nice, featuring flower arrangements that are trying honestly to look super minimalist, but it comes off as hackish. If anything, THEhotel should contract out with Radish & Rose here in SF for some dynamite arrangements.Sure enough, as per Trip Advisor, we find a woman throwing a fit at the front desk. Then again, she had cotton candy pink hair, so she could have just been bonkers.The king suite my partner and I had was nice. We were on the 20th floor of THEhotel, and had a strip view. The living area is NARROW, just big enough for a coffee table, flat screen, and sofa and chair set. The desk in the room really detracts from the view, and negotiating the ill placed garbage can (which is more like a tin can in size) and the end of the couch can be dicey.The bedroom area is nice, with aforementioned armoire. The TV in that room looked much less blurry--the plasma in the living room was quite blurry. The bed was nice and super comfortable--very nice to come back to drunk as a skunk.The bathroom is pretty spacious, and has a soaking tub, and a TV, although I didn't use either.I thought that THEhotel was a little over priced for what it was, but had no problems, and a clean and comfortable room. Just a couple of warnings though:If you are told you are on the 60th floor, you are not. You are on the 40th floor. Likewise goes for the MIX bar on the 65th floor. You're on the 45th floor, so don't be charging me a cover PRETENDING we're 20 stories higher than we really are. I liked the THElounge--no cover, no wait, and no frat boys and hoochiemamas.
4	My buddies and I just got back from Vegas and we stayed at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. The hotel and the rooms were pretty nice. Although, the smell in the lobby when you walk in from the garage wasn't too pleasant. But, the rooms itself were fine and we had a great view of the Strip from our room. The only problem I had with the room was looking out the window in the morning and being blinded by the sun coming off of the Luxor.We hit up The Mix, which is the club at the top of THEhotel. That was pretty nice. We grabbed some cocktails before hand and went back up there later in the evening. You get an awesome view of the strip and it looks amazing at night. As someone mentioned, it is quite a walk from THEhotel to the strip or to the tram that takes you to Excalibur and Luxor. I guess if you're stumbling in after a late night of partying, this can be a pain. The one thing I really enjoyed about THEhotel was the wave pool and beach that is part of this complex (over on the Mandalay side). It was nice to just chill and unwind in this pool on a 105+ day after a late night of partying. All in all, we had a good time.
4	I've only been to Vegas three times.  I don't really like it.  I don't gamble, the food is expensive, the drinks are expensive and the covers are way too high.  I don't like strip clubs and I don't pay for sex.  Man I seem like a real party pooper, must be cause I'm getting old.  I like to party, I swear.  I listen to the TV and the stereo real loud at the same time.  Anywho, the reason I like The Hotel was the pool at Mandalay Bay.  It was huge and has a wave pool.  Women in bikinis, my kinda scene.  Everything else around that pool for about 100 miles is crap.  God I really gotta get more positive.  Any suggestions?
1	I wasn't sure how to rate this place, and I'm not sure I feel good about giving it 3 stars.  It's very nice, extremely comfortable, and reasonably priced considering the plush factor.Here's what gets me.  We booked several suites back in February (for an August stay), as well as a dinner for 17 at one of the Mandalay's restaurants--not to mention that we all love to gamble, and probably stood to drop some cash at the tables.  So, while we weren't a group of high rollers or anything, our group stood to spend a pretty decent amount.I would have expected average service at a minimum as a result.  Didn't turn out that way.  We were not given the types of rooms we reserved, nor in the locations we were promised, because "other guests extended their stays."  Excuse me?  What's the point of a reservation then?  Because of this, we needed a rollaway bed.  And they had the nerve to try to charge us $20 for it.  The front desk staff was basically unwilling to deliver on the promises made to us.To their credit, the managers we spoke to did what they could, and put us in rooms that, while not what we reserved, were acceptable, and they knocked some dollars off the bill for our troubles.So, while I liked THEhotel, and had a great time with my friends in Vegas, I'm not sure I'd recommend it.  But, 3 stars nonetheless.  4 stars for the hotel itself, 2 stars for the service (and this rating was saved by the managers) = 3 stars overall.UPDATE: Just learned that THEHotel is now refusing to honor the rate reduction they promised to us for their inability to provide us with the rooms we reserved.  Rating reduced to one star.  Your experience with a hotel should end once you check out; instead, my friends are having to battle with the incompetent staff two weeks after the fact to avoid getting stuck with a significantly larger-than-promised bill.  I've had better service at a Hampton Inn.2/25/08: The saga finally ended last week, when my friend was finally refunded.  Take note, folks--6 months from start to finish.
4	Short and sweet:  Much nicer than the average Vegas room, and as nice as many bigger rooms at other places on the Strip costing far more.  I really like the modern decor.
5	I found THEhotel to be a quiet, upscale alternative to the crowded, over-themed hotels of the Vegas strip. Pushed to the back of Mandalay Bay, THEhotel is a modern, ultraluxe boutique-like hotel. The girl (or should I say THEgirl) who checked us in, Pia, was a godsend on Labor Day weekend for 5 bachelorette party-ready girls who wanted a swanky place to crash for a bit! After some searching, she was able to locate a room with 2 beds for us, and advised us (with a wink) of how to get extra keys and such in a 4-person max room. The room was roomy, with 2 toilets, Philips flat screens in the bathroom, living and bedrooms, a separate living room with a couch, desk and small bar, and 2 queens in the bedroom. Everything was "THE" themed, down to THEtp (toiletpaper). For dining, THEhotel has their own cafe, and also Mix Restaurant, which is an opulent Alain Ducasse offering worth trying. There is also Mix Lounge, which is a great nightlife option if you like luxurious settings without all the crowds (Pure, Tao). Since THEhotel is attached to Mandalay Bay, you also have their dining/nightlife options as well.THEhotel has their own pool, which I did not visit. You also have access to Mandalay Bay's pool, which is a mini-waterpark of sorts that is worth checking out. Arrive early, as lounges are difficult to come by in peak season. The pool offers a wave pool, lazy river, beach (with seasonal concerts), multiple bars/grills, and even a small casino area with card tables. If you're more into a beach party, try getting into Moorea Beach Club, located just outside the pool area and above the poolside casino. There's usually a line to get in this topless pool, but this is where all the action is! Pricewise, THEhotel is a little more than other Strip hotels, but is worth it if you want to escape the hustle and bustle of the city that never sleeps.
5	THEhotel is my home away from home.  my wife and i go to vegas 3-4 times per year and this is our hotel of choice.  we've stayed at all the big hotels on the strip, and once in a while we'll try something different, but we always manage to end up at THEhotel.the moment i enter the lobby, or i should say THElobby, from the parking garage, i am greeted with the wonderful smell of the hotel.  then a smile that i can't seem to get rid of appears on my face, my blood pressure drops, and i utter the words, "life is good."  you would think that this would get old, but i swear this happens to me every time.the rooms are absolutely beautiful.  i love the upscale contemporary styling, not just in the rooms, but throughout the hotel.  the extra half bath is nice for those times you both need to go #2....  if possible, upgrade to a corner suite with a strip view.  it's worth the additional $40/night.the mix lounge is a nice place to chill, have a few drinks, and enjoy the view of the strip from the top floor balcony.  they serve the best martinis, particularly the chocolate and espresso.  the only bummer is guests of THEhotel are no longer free, and no longer have front of line privileges.the majority of the staff is very friendly and helpful.  you'll notice the difference between the Mandalay Bay staff and THEhotel staff immediately, even though they're part of the same hotel.i've stayed here a dozen times and as long as things remain this way, i'll continue to come back.
4	Favorite hotel in Vegas. THEonly place I stay at when we're there. No walking through a casino to the front desk, no sounds of slot machines, very modern, and clean.The rooms are killer. I think last time I was here I stayed in a suite. Beds are SUPER comfy.They have a cool little restaurant around the corner where i think we had breakfast every morning (3) during our stay.I like how you can be in the loudness that is Mandalay Bay, and walk in Thehotel and it's taken down 4 notches.Stay Here!
1	THE hotel was not THE best place to stay.  I will not stay there again.  THE room smelled smoky and when I called housekeeping, they said they would "take a look".  Uh huh.  I did not say it looked as if it were on friggin fire, I said it stunk.  Needless to say, it continued to stink.  I called downstairs because I needed a blow dryer and was advised it was between THE sinks.  Contrary to popular belief, I am not absolutely trashed THE whole time I am in Vegas so I politely responded, "No, it is not."  THE front desk said they would send one.  Twenty-five minutes later, I called again to explain we had reservations in 20 minutes and I really needed a blowdryer.  I was then told that I would have to wait since, "HE was on 2 other calls that were ahead of me."  I ended up leaving with semi-wet head because it was my fiance's birthday and why should I be a wet blanket? :)  THE blow dryer was there when I returned.  Oh yeah, I guess I wasn't clear and I should have asked for one that worked.  They dropped off one that appeared to have been chewed on by a beast of some sort or maybe an angry guest?  Watch them add it to my bill!  So there is more!!  THE waitress at THE cafe was a douche.  Not sure if she thought I was the reason she had to work there or not but my measley eggs and bacon apparently ruined her day.  My fiance kept mentioning that it was because we did not look pretentious enough but I think THE staff is just way too self-important.  THE bartender at THE pool($50 to get in because THE main pool at Mandalay was packed) gave us attitude for ordering drinks.  I would have been happy to make them myself or maybe THE waitress could have ordered them.  Oh, right, she was too busy with THE trashy, hairy speedo clad Euros.  My bad.  Stay at the Signature hotel.  It's fab and they treateveryone like royalty.Just an update that i wrote THE Hotel a letter and never ever heard again.
5	THEhotel is awesome. In line with the W/Sofitel aesthetic, very nice, modern, minimal sensibility.  I (ok, my company) paid $250/night for a huge, corner suite -- good size bedroom, living area, 1.5 baths, floor-to-ceiling windows on 2 sides.  I will definitely stay here next time I'm on the Strip.  (Only down side is they charge a lot for business services.  $6 to send a 1 page fax + $6 to receive a letter?  Give me a break.  Nonetheless, 5 stars.)
1	I like how THE people that give THE hotel THE 5 stars..awwmyGOD thats AWESOME!
5	Okay, so I'm a sucker for appearances when it comes to hotels.Modern, slightly decadent theme and architecture, connected directly to the Mandalay Bay with all of its dining and amenities, but with much nicer rooms.The only criticism is that, when you check in, you feel like you're walking into a big discotheque. That's just a matter of personal opinion (I suspect the architects probably wanted to create that impression), but minor, to me, as the rooms were A+.I thought the service had the appropriate degree of professional reserve as well (not obsequious, but also in no way standoffish).Another plus: Prices out a certain element, yet is not overtly  elitist, either.
5	THE Hotel is THE place to stay in Vegas!THE best service and staff.THE nicest rooms (all well appointed suites.) THE quietest hotel I've stayed in while in Vegas (a nice change.)THE most comfortable beds....ever.THE most money I've spent but well worth the price!
3	THE hotel = where corporate males go to die.Last weekend, I flew to Vegas to just roll with it.  Poker, blackjack, throw back a few drinks, have some good eats... nice.After strolling in, it looked like a story book Armani lobby on Crack.  Which was cool, if that's what you're into.   THE Tailored Italian wool suits, tasseled loafers, & $300 ties were plentiful... Thank god it was THE National Rodeo Convention weekend and Texas teased out hair, gold hoop earrings, and cowboy hats broke up THE sterility. The best part of THE hotel was it's simplicity.  THE hotel = the hotelTHE cafe = the coffee shopTHE store = you get the pictureWe got hooked up with a fat high-roller suite and THE view... very cool.Couple problems though -- THE shampoo and THE lotion... I'm sure were very costly and in some third world countries would be appriciated... but they were awful.  Stinky.  Stinky.  After putting them on, I took another shower to rinse the smell off.  (This was a unanimous feeling amongst my cohorts.)  The last night we transferred into a regular room and its products were fabulous.  So if you're a big-baller shot-caller and are in THE king's suite... ask for THE peasant soap, lotion, and shampoo... you'll smell much better.  Oh... and get room service --THE Mediterranean chicken with the sweet olives... my mouth is watering as we speak.  THE towels and sheets were nice.  Adorn THE robes to bed... good snuggle wear.When we downgraded rooms, we felt it.  At $300 a night... THE carpet was stained and THE floor in the bathroom was pretty dirty.  Other than that... it was good.  I guess after you drive a Bentley... that Honda doesn't feel so nice.  I tend to favor THE Wynn Hotel.  Much more my style and speed.  I'm not proud to say this... but as I checked out, my white trash roots came into action and I had to sneak out a couple towels to keep me from feeling THE bitterness.
5	Looking through the other Yelps on this place, it seems there's a mixed bag of experiences.  As for me?  Tempted as I am to write a THEthemed THEreview (I know you're groaning inside), I will refrain.5 stars.  This is especially for the front desk, where I felt very well taken care of, as well as the room and amenities.  I'm a fan of dark stained wood, and there's plenty of it all over this place.  Strip side view from the 34th floor was killer, beds were super comfortable, and I had an LCD television in the bathroom.  I know... TMI, but nice! lol... Kudos to the staff, and well worth it for a memorable weekend.
5	i LOVE the rooms here.  the furnishings are so modern, and the products smell yummy.  what's not to love?  service here is great as well.
5	them rooms is tite! posh!
5	If you're going to Vegas, and you don't like Vegas, this is the place to stay. When you step into the lobby, it doesn't feel like you're in Vegas anymore. Myself, I don't gamble, go out dancing, or go to shows. When I come to Vegas, it's to visit family or celebrate an anniversary, or just get outta town. So, when I come to Vegas, I stay in my room or off the strip 90% of the time. For this reason, THEhotel is THEbest hotel in Vegas.The rooms are incredibly luxurious, with rich, dark colors. The standard two-room suite is HUGE at almost 750 sq. ft., and there's two 42" plasma tvs, as well as one little LCD tv in the bathroom. Nothing like watching The Real World (since MTV is the only decent channel that THEhotel broadcasts-- CSPAN? ugh.) while taking a bath in a big, luxurious tub. The extra bathroom is a little redundant, but the mini bar is a great touch. We were actually able to mix drinks from our own room! Just grab a bucket of ice from the hallway and use the provided glasses (or wine glasses) for party-time.If you stay here, there's almost no reason to leave the room. But if you do, there's a great tram that will take you all the way to the Excalibur, saving your feet a little from the miles of walkin' you're about to do to get anywhere NEAR center-Strip. I prefer to move the car over to the Bellagio, explore from there, and usually drag my drunk ass back to the room by foot. When I check out and have all my bags in the morning, I usually realize as I hit the lobby that my car is a mile away. Shoot.All location issues aside, THEhotel is the best hotel on the Strip. Although I wouldn't ever pay full-price, mid-week off-season specials like $169/night are hard to pass up! Keep an eye out for those. Once you stay here for under $200/night, you'll wonder why you ever stayed anywhere else.
5	WOW!! I love this place... I just spent a week and i have nothing but rave things to say. From the moment of checking into the day we checked out. The room was beyond gorgeous and the speedy elevators were great as there was never a wait and the bed was super comfortable. Great view of the strip..PS try the in room dinning as really really good.
4	I liked THEhotel but didn't love it. Pluses: all the rooms are two room suites (not the jr. suites they have at the venetian where the sitting area is on a platform). I was on the 38th floor -- with a view of the strip -- and that was great. The decor is dark colors and silvers -- very masculine. it's also pretty easy to get a cab from here -- but you are at the end of the strip so expect to be paying money for cabs. Negatives: room service sucked and the bar closes early (but you can go over to mandalay). Other good thing: the bathouse spa. I've been twice now and it's been consistently great. the gym however is painted red and can get annoying by day 3.
5	Loved it here. Not the typical over-the-top-theme feel you get from the major spots on the strip. More like art-deco/zen, like Miami in neutrals. Definitely VIP.Suite was lovely. Bedding was sumptuous, more than comfortable.  Full bathroom (we also had a half in the outer area) was ENORMOUS--tub plus roomy shower, plenty of counter space (key for four ladies bunking together), flat-screen. Best part was the wall-mounted,  lighted, magnifying mirror. With its adjustable arm and swivel action, this handy device allowed for precise cosmetics application, eyebrow tweezing and blemish tending. This may sound like an insignifcant detail, but trust me, Ladies, you'll wonder how you survived without one at home.Service was also excellent. Four full meals in the harsh hours of pre-dawn after untold debauchery on the strip? No problem--and with a quickness. The fact that I passed out before finishing my corned beef hash didn't even matter. It was just as good cold a few hours later, with a tall, cool bottle of Voss and a few ibuprofen.Truly enjoyed my stay here. I'd go back.
4	THElove:even though it's a huge 1k+ room hotel it has a boutique-ish vibe and the lobby area is separate and removed from mandalay bay's casino (accessible through a long hallway) so you don't have to navigate through the gaming floor every time you go to / come from your roomthe suites are large (750 sq ft) with nice amenities (wide-screen lcd tv's, a second  half-bath off the living room, glass-walled shower & soaking tub in the master bath, floor-to-ceiling windows, wet bar, comfortable bed/bedding, a large armoire and two dressers for storage) and the design/decor didn't suck (too ethan allen-y for my taste, but i'll take that any day over the standard corporate hotel room design motif)everyone on the staff was friendly, helpful and accommodatingthe sweet view from our high-floor strip-facing suiteTHEhate:every time i called room service or housekeeping i was on hold for 2-5 minutes (and had to listen to an annoying looped recording marketing their restaurants, spa, shops, etc) before someone would pick upbeing able to hear the people in suite next to us through the adjoining door (i HATE hotel rooms w/ adjoining doors)the $12/day charge for internet connectionall the THE's
5	For my first trip to Vegas, I was worried that it would be all intense glittery overstimulation and I would run away crying.  Luckily my friend "knows people" and got us a great deal at THEhotel, which was a total respite from the sensory overload of the strip.  There was plenty of space for five girls in our two-room suite (plus two bathrooms!).  Aside from the overuse of "the" (THEtp, THElounge, THEspa; apparently every hotel in Vegas needs a theme), the plush room really made me feel like I was living a life of luxury, at least for a few days.
5	This hotel (I refuse to use "the" in this review) is awesome! I didn't even feel like I was in Vegas - it was sleek, elegant and classy. We stayed here during NYE and it was absolutely FAB.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here in December.  THEroom was luxurious, THEambiance was great and I enjoyed the fact that THEhotel used "THE" in front of THEeverything.
4	There is no deny that staying here will be a wonderful experience among all the different great things this hotel has to offer but what I wanted to point out is what makes this place so unique to vegas.  Don't get me wrong, I love the different themed hotels all down the strip but when it comes to my personal preference in living, I prefer the swanky hip classy establishments.  When you stay here, it feels like you are in a up scale, classy hip joint with out the cheesy vegas feel.  Its a really nice change of pace and feeling to your experience at vegas and one that you should really consider trying out if you havent yet.
5	My husband has connections. Friends in high places. Sometimes we get things for free...we were invited to stay at The Hotel for free during their soft opening. It was amazing. One of my top hotel stays ever...second only to the Wynn Resort. The room we stayed in had two bathrooms, three TVs and seemed larger than the house we live in now. It was just one of The Hotel's normal rooms, not a suite. I'm sure about that.  I loved the huge bed, the TVs, the view, the vibe, the simplicity...I loved it all...especially the fact that our stay at The Hotel was free, though I am kind of a cheap skate so I probably would have found something to complain about had it not been free...but I can't think of what that might have been.
4	I like the decor of this place over everything else.  When I say that, I'm also talking about the rooms.Usually, when I come to Vegas, it's one party after another and if it's not a party, it's a No-Limit Hold 'em game that's keeping me from sleep.  Sleep's overrated anyway, right?  I never really have much to say about the rooms but this time, my brother wanted to book a little family getaway for us so not much partying going on during this visit.  I still had a ton of time to play cards and make use of the amenities the hotel has to offer.Overall, the place was great.  I couldn't check the pool area out since it was about 28 degrees outside but I'm sure this won't be the last visit I make to this place.  So for now, 4 stars....
5	whenever I'm in vegas this is always my first choice. -Suites !which is perfect for my notorious snoring. I get kicked out to the front room sofa by the ball and chain.-flat screen tv's galore.-2 toilets! -separate shower and bath tub.-back to the tub...it's amazing. don't forget to bring your supply of mr bubble!-the products (soap, lotion, etc) are amazing. I always make friends with the cleaning lady for a little extra.
5	Hmm... sweet decor for Vegas? Check. Beautiful people walking in and out of the lobby? Check. Great price? Check. Well, that one is not always going to be guaranteed but at $129 for the casino rate, I'll certainly take that. theHOTEL is by far my favorite place to stay at now. There's so much going on at the regular MB that it's nice to kick back a little with the adults at theHOTEL. The rooms are stellar - dark wood, comfortable beds (they sag a little already, though), separate rooms, 3 TV's! Oh lah lah... I am just too pampered for my own good. Staff kept handing out mIx passes so I'm assuming that place was dead but worth checking out on my next visit.
5	Simply the best hotel around on the strip if you're looking for a refreshing, contemporary, non-casino type of peaceful stay.  Their suites have lovely views of the strip, always an amazing sight to watch when Luxor turns on its torch lights at 5pm.  Interior decor is chic and high tech - big plasma TVs, high quality bedding and an amazingly deep bathtub.   The lobby area gives you a sense of serenity and relaxation that's matched by no other hotels in LV.  You can smell a slight scent of eucalyptus once you enter the hotel (as opposed to smoke from cigars and cigarettes in other hotel/casinos).  Chic lounge music instead of the slot machine noises.  Even though it's in the heart of Sin City, this unique hotel is heavenly.
4	I was pretty happy to find this hotel.  It feels like a boutique in the middle of a sea of cheesy bright hotels.  Basically, if you have ever stayed at at W, the rooms are like that but with larger bathrooms.  It is amazingly quiet in the morning.  You don't hear pool noise, the neighbors or maids.This is a great place for girls, since the rooms have a full bath and a 1/2 bath.  This is awesome when you are getting ready to go out.  The seating area is nice too, because you can party later if people are sleeping.  I also enjoy the separate entrance.  Your cabby can pull right up to the  lobby doors.  This is especially welcome when you wrap up your night  and dislike walking through a loud, bright casino to get to your hotel room.There is only one thing to complain about.  They are little bitches when it comes to a late check out.  I wish I knew the secret, because it is NEVER granted.
5	I stayed here for a friend's 21st and it was AMAZING! We were total VIP 24/7 and the room was fabu. Trust me, we'd know...we stayed in it ALL day thanks to the night before (you know you have a problem when you haven't seen sunlight in 24hrs ;) ahaha) -see pics-Also, the front desk was super helpful (they found my id...it was at Cesar's...I don't even know HOW it got there).ANDDDD when we got into our room there was a TON of WB stuff in there, left over from previous occupants, we obvi got a new room (high floor baby!) but we snagged the WB stuff and totally were in the know before anyone else.heart Vegas
5	The best buffet in Vegas. The hot buttery king crab legs alone gives this place a 5 star rating. I don't think that I ate anything else. I engorged myself with them. Not so good for the cholesterol..... My boyfriend's mom is friends with the hotel's food manager so we always get to eat here for free. I use the extra money instead for gambling. CHA-CHING!
5	Having stayed in other hotels during previous trips to Vegas it was a nice  treat to be upgraded to THEHotel. I found the location to be perfect, the dining was elegant and the room was amazing.Ever heard of anyone wanting to stay in the room in Vegas, well if possible, this is the place to do it. A full business center in the room and amazing electronics to entertain anyone.. even kids, if you drag them along.Easily would stay here again and with the price being comparable to Mandalay it is quite possible I will.
4	I've probably been to Vegas 40 times since 1992, and I've never stepped foot in this hotel.  The Girl got a nice package deal with flight for two and 2 nights here for $650.  It's a little strange how it's set up, as an offspring of Mandalay Bay it has no big driveway of its own, but its tucked inside a big parking structure.  This made us confused when being dropped off and picked up by shuttle.  It also took us a little time to get acclimated to where was out and where was the casino.Pros:**Tasteful decor in the rooms and in the halls, nothing chintzy**Great bathrooms, plush bathrobes**Lots of mirrors and floor-to-ceiling windows give the place a big feel (check out my wide angle pics!)**Convenience store is open 24 hours, unlike Venetian.**Bathhouse is on premises.**Blackjack tables were generous that weekend.Cons:** 35th floor window washers scared the bejeezus out of us at 830am wtf.** Our first room was for handicapped, which we are not.  Bathrooms are VASTLY different.  We requested a new room and they complied.** Elevator LCD display often had a disturbing Windows error.** The whole theme with the{insert word] got a little annoying.  OK so I get THEpaper and the THEsoap but I don't need my scratch paper to be called THEdoodle.  ShutTHEf#(@up.
3	THEworst Room Service ever.This hotel has everything i need, except room service. A few mixups from  the front desk, but otherwise a decent visit. I will more than likely only stay here or the 4 Seasons from this point forward, I just wont order room service....1.3 hours for coffee and fruit. 55 Minutes for a salad and pizza at dinner. Go out !I do love the decor, privacy and bathrooms here.
5	This is a really trendy hotel.  The decor reminds me of Scandanavian Designs furniture.  The room was awesome and I like the fact that all the rooms there are really suites.  It was huge and the view was amazing since it was positioned at the south end of the strip -- make sure you get a floor close to the top.  It was also cheap considering its amenities and size.  I had a great time there and would definitely stay at this hotel again.
4	stayed at thehotel @ mandalay bay over the weekend...this is the other tower from the resort and casino....its supposed be a bit more modern/luxurious...there wasn't any noticeable difference in service...but the rooms were very plush, modern and their spa is kickass!also, if you haven't been to the beach @ the mandalay...u have to go to stay there at least once and rent a cabana by the man made beach/pool...it almost feels like you're in aruba when the servers come out and bring drinks to the your beach chair...as you nap and slowly recover from yesterday's shenanigans...LOLsuite was very nice...very modern and chic...not quite as big as the rooms at the venetian but a good size...guess its your typical suite w/ 2 bathrooms, flat screen in every room...altho, i think the suites @ the bellagio are nicer because of the bigger bathroom and jacuzzi...but really who goes to vegas to stay in the room???we were fortunate to get comped for fri but had to pay a reduced rate on sat which was still reasonable...i would've given them 5 stars...but the front desk was not very accommodating w/ a late check out despite it being the weekend when we changed to daylight savings time losing an hour!!!  quite disappointing =/however, i did discover a new best friend...that orange 5 hour energy shot/drink u see at 7-Eleven...that stuff works better than redbull cuz it doesn't giv u the jitters and it really last for about 5 hours.  i'm really scared to know what's in it...i'm guessing some form of liquid crack...nonetheless, its perfect for that sunday morning in vegas when you haven't slept in days, can't get a late check out and you have a 4 hour drive back to LA... oy~
4	Although usually I'm a downtown Vegas kinda guy, sometimes you just have to stay on the Strip.  After living in and out of hotels in Europe for a month, I vastly appreciate the amenities you get with your stay in Vegas's more upscale haunts.  The room was nice and clean (no evidence of coke usage anywhere), the LCDs functioned properly, and the staff was accommodating, originally they could only get me a single but were able to locate a double upon arrival.  My only complaint is the bed itself, which was overly soft for my tastes (and not a big fan of oversized pillows as well), but definitely a nice place to spend a night.
4	THEhotel is definitely one sexy ass place to stay. Every aspect--walking in THElobby, checking in at THEfrontdesk, going up THEelevator, putting in THEkey into THEkeyslot, and settling in THEroom--felt luxurious and high class helping posers live the dream. The room has 1.5 baths which is great if you pack the room and a wall separating the bedroom from the living room. Only perk is they charge for everything, like incoming calls and also for cups. Jesus, even Imperial Palace don't charge for cups even if they are like plastic ones (just kidding IP, I love your value proposition). THEhotel is a little bit far from the main action area but the place is breathtaking and classy.
4	Thus beginneth my friend's bachelor party weekend reviews of several LV establishments.First: THEhotel.....Las Vegas's answer to the W.  Same chic house music in the lobby, same I'm-so-pretty yuppie scum crawling the lobby (with the occasional hooker mixed in).  Being one of those yuppie scum (drinking an Anchor Steam, trying to be obvious about it), I enjoyed this place.  Bartenders at the lobby bar were cool, staff was friendly, suites were very nice and well appointed.  Overall, very nice,Bitches: long lines to check in or out....how about more staff on Sunday afternoon?  Yeah, OK, NOBODY leaves on Sundays.  Also, the 5 mile hike to the pool through either the casino or the indoor restaurant row.  After you've drunk all the water in your canteen and broken your hiking poles, you can stop at the blackjack table and drop 300...then you can get to the pool tired and broke.But, I'd stay there again.
5	The Hotel is the hotel for me when I have a conference at Mandalay Bay each year in Vegas. The last three years, my husband and daughter came with me too. The Hotel set us up with a terrific suite with all the things we needed to take care of our little one. This year, Reid helped us at check in. He upgraded us to the second largest suite in the house ... it was 2200 square feet. It had a dining room that seated ten along with a living room and a sitting room near the master bedroom. Nice. There was lots of room for my daughter to spread out and be an artist. The floor to ceiling windows gave an unusual perspective and view of the strip. It was mesmerizing at night with all of the lights. I was able to see the recent eclipse and it was amazing from this perspective. After this royal treatment, it was a little difficult to come home and back to reality. Thank you The Hotel and all of the amazing staff there for taking such great care of all of your guests. I really appreciate the extra special service and I will be back again next year.
5	I love the place, I hate the name... really, though, I can just imagine a suit clad smart ass coming up with the name! I loved the separate bedroom. The HUGE bathroom was very convenient when a girl needs to get ready!!! Not to mention, I know I certain someone that really liked that there is a second bathroom!!I was really impressed by THEcafe (not trying to be funny, that's what is called). We had lunch there with a few friends and EVERYTHING was delicious! From the burger (which I liked more than the one I had at the Burger Bar later), to the omelettes, and fruits! I highly recommend it for good, quality, casual dining.The Pool was great too!! Didn't get to do any poolside gambling, but it looked nice!One Complaint: Beds could be better. They were not bad, but a friend had a regular room at Mandalay Bay and they were much more comfortable.
4	THEhotel is THEmost elegant of all THEhotels on THEstrip. You don't feel like you're in Vegas when you're in THEhotel, with its lofty and airy but dark paneled walls, beautiful and simple bouquets of white flowers, and an excellent collection of art hanging on THEwalls (THElobby has pieces by Robert Rauschenberg, Robert Long, and Richard Serra). THEsuites are spacious and THEbeds are comfortable. THEswimming area includes a gigantic wave pool and a lazy river as well as a few other pools and hot tubs, with a "beach" full of lounge chairs and cabanas that you can rent for $250 or more per day. THEbeach and pools were incredibly crowded, so we only stayed a short time. One complaint - they charge for wifi, which in a hotel that expensive, you'd think it would just be included rather than nickel & diming you. Also check out my review for miX, which is THEfancy restaurant in THEhotel, owned by celebrechef Alain Ducasse. It was nice but incredibly expensive. My favorite thing about THEhotel - THEsticker that they leave on your toilet paper that says "THEtp".
3	An excellent hotel which does not make you go through a casino to arrive at your guest room. While i do love it, it does show its age, some rooms have not been fully maintained, but you get a killer design and space.   living room and bedroom, with a tub big enough for 3.  wishful thinking i know.anyway, i gave it 3 stars instead of 4 because they really need to keep their attention to detail on it.  some areas are showing their age and are getting worn out or broken.  ie water spout on tub was frayed.   and on another stay the sofa in living room was not there, and two regular chairs were there in it's place.you can get great deals and the hotel is fun.    though arriving through a big parking structure maze is kinda annoying.
5	2 words - Do It!
4	A formerly great hotel that is losing its edge a little bit, probably because of MGM's noted disregard for the little details.  Brilliantly designed lobby and common areas, and the suites are quite large - though rather poorly designed for parties of more than two.  The higher rooms on the Strip side have superb views - a little lower, Luxor tends to get in the way. Easy access to MIX is a big plus - hotel guests can take the hotel's elevators straight to the restaurant and sneak around to the lounge, avoiding the line downstairs. On the negative side, THEhotel is a hundred mile hike from the Mandalay Bay pool area, and the casino isn't very close, either. If experiencing the pool is a big part of your travel plans, you are much better off staying in the regular Mandalay Bay tower. Some of the carpets are looking a little tattered, and housekeeping seemed to take forever to get the rooms done - one day, they forgot my room entirely. The large screen plasma TVs are out of date, and there was no HiDef programming available when I last stayed there. Not that anyone generally watches TV in Las Vegas, anyway, but a group in a suite might. Overall, the suites seem to have actually fallen behind the quality of the newly upgraded rooms at Mandalay Bay.It wouldn't take much to make THEhotel a top-tier property again, but the way MGM is losing money and focusing all its efforts on CityCenter I wouldn't bet on it happening soon. It's still a nice place, but unless you have business at Mandalay Bay your money is better spent at Wynn, Venetian, or Palazzo.
4	The rooms at THEhotel are great, and the pool area is probably the best part of the hotel. The hotel was clean and quiet, but I have to deduct 1 star for the staff. They were rude, did not care about us at all, and seemed bitter. They really don't care about your stay.
4	If you are a modern day girl, with city chic taste, this little Ian Shrageresqe boutique hotel in the Mandalay is just the place for you. I loved everything about my stay except for the toiletries. I took home a bottle of lotion which sits on my desk at the office. Everytime I use it, they can tell by the scent... can't really figure out the smell, but it reminds me of margaritas.
5	The best hotel in Vegas so far. Everything about this hotel is a 5 star.I stayed at the corner suite and holy shit, what a view!! The suite came with a spacious living room, seprate bedroom and a spacious bathroom. All three rooms came with flat screen tv's. Service was good and parking was not far from the hotel.
5	Got hooked up with a sweet ass SUITE at THE hotel. Hella baller status. Flat screens in the bathroom. The bathroom was the size of my master bedroom at home. Highly recommend staying here!
2	Well I returned home yesterday after the completion of this weekend's extravaganza. Of course it would not be complete without a review of the two main events and the services we received thereof.  At minimum, I will attempt to discuss the tasks that I did to make sure that both the Mandalay Bay Hotel Towers and Pure Management did not take advantage of us.THEstay: We booked the Media Suite at Mandalay, the website states that the room's prices starts at $510/night. In reality, that price is for a middle of the week booking and is off peak. Although, we booked this room almost 6 months in advance they offered us:1st Night $689.99 / 2nd Night $779.99 / 3rd Night $779.99 / 4th Night $689.99The room was guaranteed at 3pm, according to their staff the room was not ready and it was already 5pm. Maggie the staff member discounted the 2nd and 3rd night $100.00 for our inconvenience.  Therefore saving a total of $200.00 on the room, but I was not satisfied. They stated that it would be ready at 7pm; I told them that this was unacceptable and in exchange they gave us complimentary dinners at their in house restaurant the 'Bayside Buffet'. So Francis, Wendell, Clarence and I headed to their restaurant. It was an interesting beginning to a weekend that would spell a great deal of challenges. When it was all said and done these are all the items that we received free of charge from the Mandalay.3 Roll Away Beds @ $15/night = 9 x $15 = $135.002 Videos = $ 35.00Dinner for Five @ Bayside Buffet = $ 150.000Spa/Gym Accommodations = $ 35.00I could not imagine why there were so many problems checking in, I kept thinking to myself that here we are going to spend more than $3000 on a room and they can't even follow through with the promises as set out with their reservations division. I spoke with several managers, after which they reassured me that things would improve. After two days of complaining, I had come to the conclusion that they would rather solve our problems than hear us complain the entire weekend.www.cvbparty.com
5	I just stayed at THE hotel at Mandaly Bay at it was AWESOME!!! The service was truly 5 star.  My friends and I felt very well taken care of and comfortable.  The only thing that could be different is that it would be nice if you could just crack open a window. Other than that, the food, beds, rooms,spa and staff are all stellar!  i would definately stay there agin!
4	When the girls like to get down and dirty, we like hotels with ample closet space, ample counter space in the bathroom, and...wait, that's all we really need.  We found ourselves in THEhotel for a bachelorette party and the suite we stayed in fit us, our clothes, our shoes, our make-up, and our booze just fine.  It helped that the suite was chic, modern, and had TWO bathrooms.  Did I mention there were only three of us in the big ass suite?  I also like the laid-back feel of the lobby.  Sometimes, it's nice to walk through a hotel and not hear the ringing of slot machines.  Oh yeah, Mike Tyson hit on my girlfiend in the elevator.  Scary, but memorable.
4	Pros- Most comfortable bed ever, 3 flatscreens in each suite, 1.5 bathrooms, awesome shower, big ass room!... Your friends will think you're hot shit. Cons- BURNT pizza from room service (freakin' black!), and their mini shampoos and conditioners don't smell good. It's a really nice place to stay when in Vegas- especially if you plan on spending more than 2 hours a night in the room! (Hey- it's Vegas, though... how much time do you really spend in the room with your eyes open, right?) I'd definitely stay here again.
5	by far the best place i've ever stayed in las vegas.   TheHotel uses simplicity to show off its elegance.  We were in the V suite and had a great view of the pool. the bathroom had an awesome bath and an even better shower. The bed was super comfortable.....honestly i can't think of one thing that i didn't like about this place. I can't wait to stay here again!
5	THEHotel is one of the best hotels in Vegas with access to all of Mandalay Bay's amenities as well.  This is one of the more hip and upscale places to stay.  The service and hospitality seemed to be pretty decent, and when it wasn't the management made up for it in other ways.Entrance can be a little hard to find.  Seems to share the self-parking structure with Mandalay Bay.  Location is also not very convenient for walking.  Be prepared to take the trams to Excalibur or grab a taxi .We just got a standard suite, but it was pretty nice.  Recommend you ask for a room facing the Strip.  Bed was comfy.  Nightstand had a clock radio with iPod interface.  Bathroom was huge with a small flat screen TV on the wall.  Even had another 1/2 bathroom (perfect when you are sharing a room and can't wait for your roommate to get out).  Tub was huge and had a nifty waterfall spout.  Robes and slippers were available in the closets.  Only complaints would be the charge to use the internet.  You'd think a high-end place like this would avoid the nickel-and-dime stuff.  Also the TV didn't have any HD channels, but then again who is wasting their time in Vegas watching TV in their suite.  Not me!We did one of those online promotions that included a few extras.  2 for 1 at the House of Blues.  $20 Sand dollars for use at the beach cafe.  $10 free play at the Beachside Casino.  These ended up being a bit of a pain in the ass trying to redeem.  We complained to the front desk and the manager threw in $50 credit for room service.  Sweet!  Having breakfast delivered after a late-night out was pretty darn nice considering the early 11AM checkout time.If you love the sun and water, you have to check out Mandalay Bay's beach/pool area.  Body surf with the machine generated waves.  Rent an inner tube for $20 and float around the lazy river.  (Better yet, buy or bring your own inner tube and have them inflate it for you at the rental spots.  You can buy them at the CVS pharmacy on the Strip).  The only downside is the long hike through the MB casino to get to the pool area.My friends and I had a great time at THEhotel and we can't wait to come back.
5	This is the place to stay if you're in Vegas, NO casino smelling like cigarettes, and absolutely beautiful.  I loved it.  I've been to LV a couple of times before and stayed in the typical casino hotels, but if you want a nice classy hotel which reminds you of an upscale hotel in NYC, this is the place to stay.  We stayed in the junior suite...  Absolutely beautiful...  Definitely worth the price.  Definitely.
1	***This is a review of their wedding coordination - not the hotel!***Being the maid of honor (or first female in line in a co-ed wedding) in my best friends wedding comes with certain perks, like I get to meet her in Vegas to look at ceremony options. Walking into the Mandalay Bay I was blown away, I love how it smells like sunscreen, I love the classy floors, I love how they have a shark tank, I love the pool, and I can not wait to stay here for the bachlorette party... However, for such a classy hotel their wedding coordination services are sorely lacking. It started out okay, we showed up 30 minutes early and just stopped by to see if the coordinator was available and she was (I now see why!), we waited about 10 minutes and in that 10 minutes I personally saw 2 separate people come in upset with different issues. There was a new girl at the front desk who had no idea where to direct these grandparents where they should go for pictures, nor where she could find someone to help them. The man was upset that no one was answering the phone and they were running behind on some sort of paid for event. When the coordinator came out to meet with my blushing bride best friend, she took us back to the "chapel" which is a beige room, pretty, but bland, not something my best friend was looking for. She didn't really say anything which was really uncomfortable - she gave us a booklet with information and basically left the bride and I staring at her waiting for her to tell us ANYTHING about the facility. No luck. Instead we grasped around for random questions we didn't really care about while standing in the middle of this medium size room.This is why I had to give it one star - my friend (the bride) **specifically** asked the coordinator if they had any other options for ceremonies since she is interested in an out door ceremony and she said "no, this is all we offer", so we shrugged our shoulders, thanked her and left for lunch - When we sat down to lunch and looked through the packet she gave us there is a WHOLE SECTION on the other options for ceremonies they offer - you can get married in the shark tank!! A cabana!!? Hello!? Are those not "any other options!?" Maybe the coordinator was pissed we showed up 20 - 30 minutes early, maybe she didn't want to show us a cabana and the shark tank, but hello!? At least tell us about the options! Come to a meeting with information, talk about the services you provide! To convince a bride to drop 5000.00 you better be prepared! Completely disappointed. I have NO clue how they got the "best of 2008" on TheKnot.com - yuck! Luckily, we came up with an amazing different option and her wedding will kick ass! Sans Mandalay Bay!
4	The first time I stayed at THEhotel was when my father (who is listed as V.I.P. due to him constantly gambling in their casino) was upgraded for free from the regular rooms in Mandalay Bay.  The entire decor is completely different from MB - darker, more intimate, and sexier.  Our suite could easily accommodate 6 people easily.  I've stayed here twice and would definitely stay here again.
5	I've stayed here two times now, once in a normal suite and this latest time at one of the penthouses (#61906 to be exact) and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoy myself each and every time. The hotel itself is amazingly catered toward a more modern, young, hip feel and definitely delivers class at the same time. It's really easy to get to from the airport (and to the airport, especially when you wake up way late because you've been up all night doing whatever) and it has stunning views down the strip.The penthouse was great. It, like the rest of the hotel, was modern and used a lot of dark woods to accent the furniture and what i really like was the wallcoverings. Who ever said wall paper is out, definitely didn't see the ones used in this room. First of all, the hallways getting to the suite were covered in a wallpaper that looked like it was padded with tiled pillows, and in the guest bathroom was a golden metallic wallpaper that had the texture of gossamer which created a subtle glow and became a very dynamic choice of finish because your reflection was there, but not definable. Also, the toiletries they are featuring in their washrooms, and bathrooms are from Aromapothecary which is amazing. I love their stuff and it's great that they give you larger sizes (compared to other hotels) of all the products. I'm glad that even in their choice of body care products they have chosen a company that shares their same minimalistic refined elegance seen throughout the hotel.As far as the location from the pool, it's probably the only drawback. It's kind of a hike to get down to the beach, but once there, it's of course a great time with the wave pool, lazy river, and lounge pools. Good luck getting a cabana though, they're always booked up.Probably the best reason to stay here, besides the fabulous accommodations is the service. Room service is fast and reliable, and I have yet to run into a problem with any of the staff. Bottomline: If you're a young hip professional that likes first class accommodations in a modern, sleek, and classy hotel, this is the place for you.
4	Wifey and I took a much needed weekend break from the kids and really enjoyed THE hotel.  Great to not have to go through a casino to get to your room.  Sexy hotel with masculine colors.  We also enjoyed massages at THE bathhouse and worked out at their fitness facility and enjoyed both very much.  Also enjoyed the sexy vibe at the Moorea Beach Club pool.  Great spot!  We hope to return soon.
5	Yes, ALL the rooms here are at least a 725 square foot suite! I've stayed at Mandalay Bay a few times and I thought their rooms were nice, so staying at THE hotel this time, I was expecting better... and this place did not disappoint. It was every Mandalay Bay was except better (although, I found it funny that the HD flat panel TV did not receive an HD signal from THE hotel, its stupid watching an HDTV in standard definition). The one "bonus" I really liked was the spare 0.5 bath in the living room, especially late night coming back from drinking and partying, there was no need to "fight" for the restroom! THE only "goofy" thing I noticed is that they went a bit over-board with the whole "THE" theme... as in the coffee shop is called "THE coffee shop" and "THE store" and "THE lobby" and "THE notepad", etc, etc... even the effin' toilet paper had a "THE TP" sticker on it!
5	I highly recommend THEhotel at Mandalay Bay.Yes, its at the far end of the strip, but thats okay, THEhotel more than makes up for it.  The place is gorgeous!  The standard suite lives up to the suite name.  You have a living room, a bedroom and one and a half bathrooms.  Let me tell you, that extra water closet is a genius idea when you have people over and you don't want them to see the girly bathroom you have set up, or have them walk through the sleeping quarters.  Everything in the rooms though are luxe, but not frilly.  I love the toiletries offered in the room, the towels are nice and fluffy, the beds and pillows are super comfy, and all that space is great.  You know what else is cool about THEhotel?  You get to use the Mandalay Bay pool, err, beach.  The next time you roll out to vegas, I think you should stay here.  It's a little more pricey than some of the other places, but well worth it.
5	For my 30th birthday my husband and my cousin booked rooms at the Hotel at Mandalay Bay.  It was the best time I've had in Vegas in a long time!  It was a beautifully modern hotel with a great crowd, great food, great service and a good location.  The rooms were mini-suites and very clean and modern.The pool was a little over-crowded while led to slightly slow drink service, but it manageable.  I would recommend this hotel to everyone!!!  And I'll stay there the next time I go to Vegas.
3	eh - it was OK. the bed was comfy, the suite was nice & spacious.but there's this crazy thing - whenever the room can't sense motion, the thermostat resets to 76 degrees. aka whenever you are sleeping. i'm with them that they should save energy wherever possible, but this is just plain DUMB.way overpriced, and they'll get you with fees every which way.
4	THEhotel at Mandalay Bay had a great floral smell walking in, really canceled out the smell of cigarette smoke. Really classy decor, the Vegas cheese factor was at a minimum.I didn't gamble here at all, except for putting a nickel into a slot while hanging out with a gal I met. There were several pretty cool little bars and restaurants located around the game floor. Also some good shopping in the tunnel between THEhotel and Excalibur.I dug the pool, it had sandy beaches and a wave pool, as well as several normal pools and an area you could float in a big inner tube in.Rooms were pretty nice. I dug the alarm clock with the iPod attachment.
4	This hotel is quite elegant. Very spacious, shiny, vavoom. I enjoyed the pool, there are waves and lots of people trying to look their best. Eh, you gotta love Vegas. The rooms are huge -- but then, it all depends on how many people you can fit in them. I went with a huge group for the weekend, and we didn't do much sleeping at the time. Still, it's worth checking out. :)
4	I have stayed here before and had a lovely experience.  This time we decided to stay at THEhotel when we got married in Vegas.  When I booked the room online I wrote in the comments section that we were getting married that weekend.  At check out time they took the first night off of our bill!  Sweet...The tubs and showers are great ....Im kind of a bathroom snob/freak and I do love their bathrooms.  I do have to say though....the upkeep/cleaning of the bathroom could have been  better.  But I still love this place.
5	Elegant, Sophisticated, what more can I say? I love the way the hotel smells. They have the best flowers around. We stayed in a one bedroom suite. It was really nice. Sheets are clean and bathroom didn't have any smell like other hotels. Awesome hotel, all in all. I recommend you to stay here is you are in Vegas. Price is reasonable.
4	BJ Penn doing it up big in Las Vegas, January 31st, got my tickets, now I need a room. Fight is at MGM, do I really wanna stay in monstrosity MGM city, with flocks of Asian's yelling monkey monkey monkey?  I don't know? Do I?That brings me to my current dilemma, THEhotel at Mandalay Bay or Mandalay Bay? I've stayed at THEhotel on 4 separate occasions, Mandalay, about 8, all were memorable.This Hotel speaks for itself, Over 170 reviews mostly 4 and 5 stars, I'm sure the other reviewers can fill you in on the decor, service, serenity and whatnot. I do get a kick out of their redundant use of the word, THE. THEsoap, THElotion, THEpowder, THEtoiletpaper.Two occasions that I've stayed here, THEspa was fully booked and I had to walk in my robe through the casino to the Mandalay Bay spa. I swear the other guests thought I was a hooker. I was tryin, but they weren't buyin. The spa at the Mandalay bay compared to THEspa is knotches above. The decor at THEspa is uber chic but the massage therapist and the treatments are eye's rollin', coma inducing at Mandalay Bay.So, do we shell out the extra dough to stay at THEhotel? Or pay half the price to stay at Mandalay Bay? Play at your own risk and get it all comped? but I'm the type of playa, if I aint feeling the love in your casino, I'm gonna take my action elsewhere even though I could be getting rated. I rather pay than play, at my convenience. THEslotmachines were very generous THElasttime.6 years ago, my other half shattered THEcosmeticmirror in THEbathroom, which warranted us 7 years of bad luck, oh thanks, I answered my own question, guess I'll come back next year. Caesers?
4	i stayed here awhile ago with some friends who were going to a concert in vegas (i didnt go to the concert... it was britney spears for crying out loud!). the hotel is stunning. the decor is very very nice and the front desk and staff were extremely hospitable... but that is probably due to the fact that you have to take out a small loan to stay here (almost $900 for 2 nites for our room)... but anyways it was 2 rooms (actually it was one but there was a separate sleeping and lounge areas) plasma t.v.'s everywhere, very spacious, see thru shower, mini bar,... did i already say plasma tv's EVERYWHERE? but ya the only reason i didnt give this place 5 stars is because it was expensive as all hell.... but i guess it is vegas and the place was really nice so i guess it goes hand in hand.
5	I am very behind in my reviews so since I can't sleep thought I'd get caught up...and as I'm backtracking through everything I've done over the next month to figure out what I didn't review, realized I don't think I EVER Yelp hotels really! I'm in Vegas probably twice a month for work and of all the hotels in Vegas, THEhotel is probably my most favorite. Love the private entrance, love the rooms, love that you have an easy cafe, coffee bar and bar but also have access to everything at Mandalay and Luxor is right next door. They've thought of everything in the rooms - cozy beds, great bathroom products, great mini bar, everything you could need. HIGHLY recommended.
5	Been privileged to stay at many of the hotels in Las Vegas - name it and I've probably stayed there at one point. Fortunately, we have a place up there now, but if choice came to stay at hotel outside of the place we have in Vegas... without hesitation it would be The Hotel. This is the first hotel where there bed is more comfortable than mine at home. LOLNevertheless, the whole interior decor from its lobby to the elevator to the suites its a place of such contemporary beauty. The lobby area lounge music playing while you're checking in, there's a bar, coffee shop, and restaurants... feels and sounds like a cool lounge, maybe it has to do with the fact that there's no slot machines chiming sounds. The rooms are as comfortable as they can get and flat screen TV's. Very impressive hotel!
5	Every time I stay at this hotel I feel like I've died and gone to heaven!  I hope heaven is this comfortable!!  So me and my boyfriend went to Vegas for New Years and ended up staying an extra night.  We had to switch hotels and I said, "Let's treat ourselves and stay at the hotel."  And a delicious treat it was.  Everything about this hotel is high class.  From the rooms, to the service, to the little touches such as a mini sewing kit in the bath room and their bath products.  This hotel pampers the hell out of you.  And our suite was only $149.  Thank you recession!!  If I could live here I definitely would!
5	From the decor to the lighting to the music you feel like you've stepped into another world when you enter this hotel, far from the slot machines and bright lights of Vegas.Rooms seem to average about $200-350, though can be as low as $129 certain times of the year.
4	Thankfully, I didn't have to pay for this room, but I know it wasn't cheap, so I feel comfortable saying that you get what you pay for.  The rooms (all of which are suites) are really nice, with comfy beds, huge bathrooms, the whole nine.  The lobby area doesn't feel like Vegas, as it is a little removed from the casino at Mandalay.  Everything is very classy, from the art on the walls to the flower arrangements.  The only downside is that the location is a little far from the heart of the Strip.
5	This place is heaven! You go to Vegas and think to yourself that it doesn't really matter where you stay because you don't spend a lot of time in the room... Well at The Hotel you'll never want to leave your room!It just has a very calm, clean, and modern feel to it. So different from what Vegas is about, but yet you walk down a long hall to the Mandalay Bay and reality hits that you really are in Vegas.Love, Love, Love
4	I was dressed for the Excaliber but my hillbilly ass stayed here ( I didn't feel like packing the little black dress, heels, flat iron, perfume, jewelry, tiara, fur coat....)I was only here for the night but what a beautiful place to spend the 4 hours of drunken sleep.  The rooms are lavishly decorated and roomy, pillows are plush, and blankets are comfy.  And there's a rare find in the rooms...a mini bar!  I didn't find this out until the mini bar attendant came a-knockin' at the door while I was face down in my pillow.So it's nice and all, but this hotel is missing that special element that would warrant the full 5 stars.  When I've stayed at 5 star hotels, each and every member of the staff acknowledged me when I walked toward them.  I've been treated like a queen.  I'm not saying that each horde of convention goers needs a hi, but that special treatment was lacking here.This stay was on the company, but I MIGHT be inclined to blow my own wad here one day.
5	One year later ... same hotel ... same great experience. This is our fifth time staying here and we always love it!Reid was still working the front desk and he remembered me from a year ago. What? That seems impossible. But he did. And he took great care of us! We got a beautiful suite again. I am so happy to be here, even if I have to go to class all day at the conference. This is a wonderful place to spend Valentine's Day. Life in Las Vegas is such a fairy tale ... and this fairy tale continues to get better and better ... American Express gave me a $100 spa credit.  Score.
5	Went to Vegas to see Elton John for my husband's birthday and our friends had to cancel at the last minute.  Couldn't get a refund for airfare/hotel because it was a vacation package plus canceled at the last minute.Arrived at THEhotel and explained that we had paid for two rooms for two nights, so we wanted to know if they could get us an upgrade.  THEhotel said if we could show proof that we paid for the rooms and our friends were a no show, they would see what they could do.  We did that and they upgraded us to.......THE PENTHOUSE SUITEYes, you read it correctly.  The penthouse suite on the 61st floor- 1625 square feet.  Private bar, private office, separate dining room and living room, 2 bathrooms, another sitting area, 1 very very big bedroom with a wonderful ensuite, private sitting area in the bedroom, 3 large plasma televisions.  The size of our master bathroom was the size of a room at a good hotel.  Floor to ceiling windows everywhere and an amazing view.  The penthouse could easily house 25 people for a small party.  The room was beautiful that it was hard to leave.Now, that's taking care of your customers.  We were not expecting to be upgraded to the penthouse suite.  With that kind of service, we will be returning.  THEhotel has a lot of class and style.
5	Best Hotel i have stayed in Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1. Got it via Priceline over Valentine's long weekend, much cheaper than Venetian, Palazzo, etc2. No wait at all during check in, I tried the 20$ front desk tip, it did not work, but it seemed like they were quite full for the long weekend.We went to the Bellagio later for some shopping and frankly LOLed at their check in line, it must had been more than 40 minutes of wait.3. The room was huge!!!  Two Queen beds, separate living room area, additional bathroom. Huge tub!!  and the best bath robes i have ever used.  YOU SHOULD TRY THEM!!!!! I wanted to buy one but  my Chinese Cheapassness regained control as I saw the price tag at 129$4. Service was excellent and personal, they always address me by my last name. I will definitely stay here again.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEhotel!!!  I've stayed here numerous times and in different types of rooms but regardless everytime was a blissful experience.  From the the Vsuite to the Penthouse suite, whenever I visit vegas I always try to stay here.Once you enter the main lobby you know you're in for an amazing stay.  From the stunning marble floor to the oversized leather chairs, not an inch was overlooked when designing THEhotel.  At the first moment of check in the staff was extremely helpful and welcoming.  As for the rooms, they are amazing!  The bathroom is heavenly and makes you almost dread going back to yours at home.  I also had the pleasure of going to their bath house and that was probably one of the nicest spas I've been to.  There are a variety of baths to relax in and along the wall is a rainfall like shower where you can just stand underneath and fill the drops soothe you after a long day.  The eucalyptus steam room is wonderful to just relax in and get all those toxins out of your body.  The vanities and showers has everything you need before hitting the clubs... body lotion, flat irons, the works.  And if you need some nurishment, there are enough drinks and snacks to last you till the next trip to the buffet.Next time you're looking to visit Vegas, spend the extra money and give this place a whirl, it will not disappoint.
5	THEhotel is amazing! Here's why:1. The customer service was exactly what you would expect from a high end hotel. From the girl who checked us in with smiles and "happy birthday!" to the valet as we were leaving, everyone was pleasant and exceedingly nice.2. Arturo the concierge! I called him from the room as we were having pre-game cocktails. He was so helpful and in seconds we were chatting like BFFs. He got us on the list to Body English, Tryst, Krave, and Pure. He was awesome!3. The room. Holy moly, the room. It was stunning! More space then we needed, but we loved it. The floor to ceiling windows in every room, the modern and elegant decor, the luxurious bedding...perfect!4. The bath tub gets it's own number. I could do a freaking synchronized swimming routine in that tub. Add a bath bomb from Lush at Mandalay Place and you're in business.We got a great deal (hello, recession!) and I'm so glad we decided to stay there. Yeah, it's on the very south end of the Strip, but it was nice to be away from the construction and crowds. I WILL be back.
5	I was really impressed with this hotel. It was my first stay here and I LOVE it. The rooms are huge, with a living room, 2 bathrooms, a seperate bedroom and 3 flat screen TV's. The bathroom is awesome!!! It has a HUGE tub and seperate shower. There are 2 sinks and plenty of room for 2 people to get ready. The additional half bath came in very handy and i loved that it was there. The bed was super comfy and i loved that the closets had 2 sections so we each had a place for our things. The hotel lobby is beautiful and they have a sent each day going through the vents so it sort of smells like you are in a day spa. It's a little on the pricey side so not sure when I'll be able to stay again but it's a nice treat once in a while! Oh but watch out because with a plush hotel, come insanely priced room service and drinks.  The slot macines were tight too...no winning! =/ But at least when I was broke I had a nice room to go to.
5	Maybe it's a little pricey.. but it's definitely worth it! THE room was spacious and cozy. I love how well lit and classy looking the rooms are! With six girls to the suite, it was definitely affordable and we actually had enough mirrors! The room service was very yummy too!! Would definitely be back!
4	I love this place and due to a "hook up" have stayed in a Penthouse Suite the last two visits. AWESOME - Amazing steam shower - Great toiletries - Stellar Customer Service  - The VIEW from the 61st floorUN-COOL - No coffee makers - No MP3 player hookups or place for an axillary cord in the Penthouses so I couldn't jam to my tunes.
4	THE good:- Sleek, modern, upscale rooms with great amenities - Stylish, modern architecture and interior design- No buffet- No screaming kids- No fat white trash people from the mid-west with pastel stretch pants & fanny packs, walking around like zombies from one buffet to the next, sucking down 3 ft tall daiquiris- Great views of the strip & the mountains- Excellent customer service THE bad:- No coffee makers in the rooms. What? When did this happen? Cheap stinking bastards. - An omelette from room service the size of a deck of cards that costs $27
5	Y stay at Mandalay... This is the best little secret. Try the MIX lounge on the top floor. The best view of Vegas by far.. Yes, better than the Ghost Bar.. (is that place still open, lol). The staff at the MIX is like walking into a magazine.. And yes, that's a good thing..
5	THEHotel has become the only place I stay in Vegas. I love the sleek and modern suites, which I believe this establishment really kicked off for the rest of the strip, with spots like Encore. I also love that the hotel itself does not have a casino, but rather is adjacent to the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino - so it's a lot more mellow, and frankly, cool. There's also no smoking in the public hotel areas, which is a great escape from the stank you're in for the entire duration of your trip.I've found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I forgot my phone charger, and was immediately directed to Security, which has a wide array of everyone's left-behind charger for guest use - sweet! I also left my credit card in THECafe, but didn't realize it for hours after THECafe had closed. A hotel manager and Cafe manager jumped on the situation immediately, and my card was returned to me within an hour - very impressive. It's certainly not an inexpensive hotel, and even in this economy, it's not likely to wow you with low prices (though the cost was lower than in years past this go-round). You also have to come to grips with the location at the far end of the strip, away from frequented spots like Ceasars, Bellagio, Wynn and Venetian/Palazzo. Still, I'd stay here again and again to enjoy a vacation from my Vegas vacation :)
4	After staying at The Hotel I will not stay anywhere else when I return to Vegas. The Suites here are so comfortable and so homey that I'm surprised so. Most Casinos don't want you in the room other than to sleep. I was there in January so the weather was still cool. in other words, no pool scene. Instead of wasting money gambling I had no problem lounging on the couch. Yes it's at the top of the Strip but in actuality I prefer that. MIXX is a great place located on the top floor with a great view. I'm also a big fan of Luxor located next door. LAX is a huge night club. The Hotel is trendy and modern without being pretentious.
5	A hotel in Las Vegas that has a no-smoking policy in its public areas? 5 stars. No further review necessary.Okay, I will continue just to share some more thoughts. It was great to not see any slot machines or gambling tables in the hotel's public areas. The hotel has so much elegance. Black is a dominant color, and such a pleasant departure from the extraordinary colors at other Vegas hotels. The rooms in the hotel were sleek and modern looking. The girls in my group raved over the bathroom in their hotel suite. It had lots of open space with two sinks, a toilet, a shower and a bath tub. There was also another half bathroom right when you entered the suite.
4	I expect modern hotels when I go to Vegas and I expect over the top...but DAMN this was great hotel to stay at! The suites at the hotel are fantastic and make you realize how much you need to renovate your house or make you want to move in.Rooms are great sized and well furnished with all the bells and whistles you need. Great on-site amenities and the definitely in-style.The staff were fantastic, however the main reason it is only getting four stars instead of five from me is that it did take me awhile to check in and check out.The other reason is that is on the south end of the strip and away from a lot of the hustle and bustle leaving you to take cabs or drive all over the place. Both, not exactly the most desirable of options when staying on the strip.
5	This place is awesome.  Its by far the best place to stay while in vegas. Yes I said it. THE BEST.   Awesome view,  super comfortable bed and a great staff.  Plus I got a super good deal when i combined my flight and hotel together.  def worth it.
5	Oooooh my.  Oh my oh my oh my.  This place is amazing.  Simply amazing.First off, there are maybe 6 pools on the grounds, one of which mimics a beach (which was absolutely packed on an 85 degree Saturday afternoon...it's ok, I live in San Diego, I can go without a fake beach for an afternoon).  Second of all, the decor is awesome.  Really modern and sleek, very clean and simple, but very appealing to the eye.  There were all kinds of cool sculptures and art pieces tucked here and there.  Finally, the ROOM!  Oh...my...god.  Most comfortable hotel couch I've sat on, incredibly well thought out design (TWO bathrooms), separate living/sleeping areas, and probably the world's...best...shower. Hands down.  We had 5 people sleeping in the room and not once did it feel crowded or over-packed.  No one had to sleep on the floor.  It was a totally enjoyable hotel experience. The only complaint I have is that it is SO FAR SOUTH on the Strip that it makes walking a little more troublesome than if you were staying in the middle of the strip, but whatever, I would walk anywhere if I was staying in this hotel.  I will definitely try to book this hotel again. And again. And again.
5	Review 300 goes to my favorite hotel in Vegas...THEhotel.I absolutely love THEhotel.  We got a great deal through Orbitz along with our flight.  The rooms are set up like suites.  They have a separate living room, huge bedroom (comfy beds), and 2 bathrooms (with great smelling soap!).  In addition, they have two huge flat screen TVs and another one in the bathroom too!  The bathrooms also come with a big, luxurious tub.  :)   Our view was amazing as well.  I also love how it is part of Mandalay Bay.  It would be great to come back in the summer to stay at THEhotel and be able to enjoy the incredible pools there as well.  Mix Lounge at the top of the hotel is really nice too.I would definitely recommend staying here.  I know that I'll be back for sure!!!
5	Holy cow. Sleek, modern.  Difficult to maneuver through when you're meeting with 14 other girls + easily get lost :D  But the room itself was stunning - -we were set up in suites (and these for sure weren't cheap!) -- but holy cow, posh posh posh.  A shade smaller than I expected in the bedroom (having come over from staying at the Wynn for a couple nights) -- but then again, the couch + living area is a whole nother separate room!  And the bathroom was pretty huge -- split shower (with a "step" for shaving!) + tub, very nice.  But beautiful decor -- luxe + modern, if that's possible? I don't know design terminology :D  Beds were comfy, but i'll admit the green-tinge cast in the room through the windows (I'm guessing b/c of the gold film on the outside for the signature theHotel + Mandalay look) was a bit eerie.We also enjoyed Rumjungle, the dance club (as opposed to the club lounge Mix) right next door at Mandalay -- good music, fun people, good space w/o being too crowded.
3	We have stayed here three times. THElast two, perfect and gets 5 stars.  IF YOU ARE GETTING MARRIED HERE READ ON....This third time was my wedding weekend.  THEtwo towers are a little confusing for your wedding guests.  They get on the shuttle and you have to say I'm at THEhotel or Mandalay Bay.  They have different drop off areas.When I booked a group rate about 6 months ago, they say you get about 10$ off the room. OH! Woo Hoo. You also have to book at least ten rooms. I got 5 suites at THEhotel side and 15 deluxe rooms at Mandalay Bay side, and I still ran out of rooms for my guests. They don't hold you to a deposit, so book more then you need. I still got an awesome deal, I booked a rate for 200$ on Saturday and 189$ for Sunday.  A month later, Sunday went down to 159$ and Sat. went up. So I called and they changed my contract for just Sunday only. You have to track the rates and call them. It turns out that THEweek before our wedding THErates went up to almost 500$ for Saturday night.So in THEend we all got an amazing deal.  They also release your rooms way early, about a month before. So all your procrastinator guest's will loose your group rates. I called to extend the group rate one more week. They said. one week only!!  Then I called right before our weekend totally last minute and they managed to squeeze out one more room for me. It took a few calls and a request to talk to THEmanager to get it. No one should care about THEtime of day it is when your in Vegas.My clock did not work, it was three hours off.  So I called on Thursday to get it fixed.  The next day nothing, so I started to get a little louder on THEphone. By Saturday still not fixed, I almost ripped it out the wall. I chose to cover it with a towel instead.When I told THEguy at check out what had happened, he just stared at me. " I hope you don't get another bride in that room".  Lost one star.Yes I have a phone, but when you are frantically trying to get ready, you need to just check a THEclock every ten minutes, not trying to dig in your purse to find your phone.Also FYI I shipped 4 packages to THEhotel and only three showed up.   They still have not found it.  I guess I have to call THEbusiness center everyday to check on it.  THEhotel also charges you a 30$ delivery fee to send your packages up to your room. THEbell desk was awesome. We got in early so we gave THEbell guys in the parking lot our bags while waiting for check in.  We have checked in really early in the past before with no problem, this time we needed two rooms together so we went and had breakfast and they said they would call us when our room was ready. They never did call us, lucky we went back to check on my missing packages and they told us our room was ready, we got in by 2pm. No Bellman in THElobby so I went to THEparking lot and asked for THEbags and he walked right up with me.  Don't call to have them sent, you will end up waiting a while.   I gave THEguy 25$ - we were overloaded with wedding luggage. He moved THEbags all the way into THEbedroom and then he offered to get me some ice, how nice. Thanks Bellman.The laundry cost about 118$ to press THEdress and 2 suits. You send it out in THEmorning and get it back at 6pm. We called at 7:30am and they brought it back about 6:30pm. They switched my groom's pants with my Grandpa's pants. My sister ran to THEother tower to switch them back. Thank God we noticed one hour before THEwedding  Lost, THEfourth star.
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas!  The rooms are awesome, especially if you get one with a view of the strip!  The bathroom has the largest bathtub I have ever seen in my life! The pool is also very cool, with a real sand beach, wave pool, and lazy river.  Plus there is that wonderful scent that they pump through the casino & hotel.  You can get really good deals for around 100-140 a night right now.  Check it out!
5	I came here with a group of girls (bachelorette of course).THEhotel was so very nice!  Bathroom was huge enough to share between 4 girls in each room.  The bed was so comfy it was nice when I actually got a few hours of sleep in.  I didn't get a chance to take advantage of the waterfall tub but quite a few of the girls took a nice nap/bath in it.  The soaps and lotion have a ginger & citrus smell that we all enjoyed.I liked the fact there was a separate living room area (it was big enough to fit 10 girls + a stripper).The beach was really nice too, although you need to go before noon to get a lounge chair!  Otherwise it becomes really packed and you have to be a shark and wait around until a chair becomes free to jump at it.The casino was kind of empty on week nights, it picked up a little more on the weekend but not crowded.  I guess it's because it's all the way at South of the Strip, not many people tend to go down there.  Overall THEhotel and Mandalay Bay was a very nice place to stay.  I'd definitely come back to this hotel again when I'm back in Vegas.
5	Very clean and contemporary.  Rooms were on the smaller side, but it was cozy.  Sometimes ultra-contemporary can feel cold, but this was nothing of the sort.  The eclectic mix of neutral colors spoke warmly, and the 42" plasma was definitely a nice touch.  Being an ocean and aquarium lover made Shark Reef pretty exciting. Where else in Vegas can you see over 2,000 animals in 1.6 million gallons of seawater?!  One of the coolest parts of the exhibit was the shipwreck viewing room, where they actually designed it to make you feel as though you were walking around in a sunken vessel ... awesome.Stick to the Palms or Hard Rock if you want nonstop partying on demand.  If it's upscale and classy you want, THE hotel is a great spot for your family of friends.
4	What can be said about THEhotel that hasn't already been said.  Stayed at here first weekend of May, at an amazing rate(Not Comped, but definitely cheaper than what it was going for as that weekend got closer). One thing that really stood out was the half bath.  Having to squeeze 8 people into that room would have been nearly impossible if it wasn't for that 2nd bathroom. It made the morning after throw ups, so much more easier to get through.  I really liked the setup of the room, great separation between the living room area and bedroom.  Made having guests come over for some Pre Party drinking, and allowed those still a bit under the weather a quiet place to sleep.  The doorbell was a nice added touch as well.Woulda given them a 5, but much like their sister hotel, Mandalay Bay, housekeeping needs a bit more attention.  Calling in for extra towels or pillows seem to either take 2-4 hours to be delivered or never show up at all.  The Location being the South end of the Strip almost makes you feel that everything is so much further that it really is.  Overall the stay was great, everyone greeted you with a smile, and the room comfort level was top notch.  It's no Venetian, but stay was great nonetheless.
4	Stayed at THEHotel for a conference this past week. (A conference in Vegas - imagine that!)  And I can honestly say that I loved the modern/contemporary decor - it made me feel more like I was staying in a very upscale hotel, which just happened to be attached to the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino. My suite included a nice sized living/working room - with separate large flat screen tv, nice "bar" area and plenty of comfortable seating - and a very generously sized bedroom for the king-sized bed... The bathroom was very generously sized as well - and had a nice small flat screen tv mounted so you could view it from the sink or the shower. (A nice touch!)The conference was also in the hotel - on the fourth floor - and I found the conference rooms to be adequate - and the catering to be what you'd expect from a higher-end hotel. (We had a catered breakfast and lunch.) My only complaint - I'm not a big fan of having to pay for high-speed internet access when you're already paying for an "upscale" hotel... The additional $15 charge for that service ($15 for 1 24h period of access) seemed a little "nickle and diming" to me...
5	We didn't stay at a hotel in Vegas, we stayed at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Ok, I wonder how many other people said that? Excellent hotel which heightened the experience of Vegas. The rooms were modern and very comfortable.One of the highlights of the place was the awesome pool they had there. So many hot babes there, it was unbelievable. Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
2	This place had all the makings for being a first class place to stay and relax while your in Vegas.  Staff during check in was courteous and quick to get us up to our room.  And I didn't mind that when we arrived we didn't have to pass through a casino where even with the best ventilation you, and your stuff will still have a smell of an ashtray by the time you get into your room.  If I wanted to be in a casino and enjoy the things that make the Sin City so much fun, I don't mind going out to get it, but honestly when I want to relax, I sometimes don't want to have to deal with all that.I took my g/f and this was one of our first vacations that we spent together that where we had to fly to our destination, so I wanted to make it special and memorable, looking back it was definitely at least one of those things...  Our first night was great, we got a restful sleep and were able to get up early and head out and explore Vegas.  I'll fast forward, we spent the day sight seeing and doing touristy things and we headed back early so we could shower off and get changed for the dinner reservations we had.  We come back, the lights were very dim, it seemed much darker then we remembered, but with all the black marble and I initially just wrote it off as just that.  It wasn't until I saw there was a large amount of staff running around with flashlights and that the lobby had a massive line leading to the front desk that I my stomach just sank.It turns out that the generator blew and they were on reserve power.  So one elevator was running but majority of the lights were not.  We were told that they were transferring us and we needed to go to our room and get our things.  We took the only elevator that was running, and crammed in with the others guests trying to do that same thing we were about to do.  We tried to acquire flashlights or glow sticks or some sort of light source, but they said they didn't have anything of the sort.  Our room was pitch black, with the use of mirrors, our cell phones and my Mac, we were able to repack.We went into the elevator area and waited.  This was were I was worried most, I knew that this was the only elevator working and a number of people in the floors above us were trying to leave like us.  The after about 30 minutes of waiting, and each time the elevator door would open, it was full of people and luggage, and the guy inside kept saying, "don't worry well get you on the next one."  By the fifth time, we knew this wasn't going to happen and considering that our reservations where slowly creeping up on us, and we started to think the only way we had a chance was if we took the stairs, were were only on the 7th floor, we ended up leaving the group of people that were lined up behind us and with all of our luggage, we made our way to the fire escape stairs.  During our descent, we came across others with similar ideas as us, some were from the 10th, 15th, and even came across a couple from the 24th.  Thank god we were closer to the ground.We eventually made it out, and ended up on the street, and made our way back to the front desk, we stood in line, and finally we meet with one of the guys at the front desk.  He told me that basically all they could give us was a basic room in the Mandalay hotel, I tried to explain to him I came here and paid for a suite, and that for us to be down graded on a room that we paid more for was unacceptable.  They said they didn't have anymore and told me if I had been there earlier in the day I wouldn't have been in this situation.  Sucks, considering we were out and about totally unaware of this issue, if we were made aware of this we would have gotten it taken care of it immediately.  I'm suspecting that if I had been here for a more moving occasion, they would have done something more about it, but I guess putting us in a basic room and not refunding the difference that was the best he could do, in addition to throwing us 100 bucks in comps.  Personally,  I could care less for the comps that we got, after all the crap we had to go through, it didn't even seem worth it, but by all miracles of miracles we could still make out reservation, and told him of our situation, if they could take the bags to our room so we could jump in a cab and get to destination just in time, (we had dressed in the dark before hand)  He said no.  I needed to leave soon, I was about to lose it.  Thankfully, my g/f grabbed the new room keys and bolted to the new room with our stuffLong story short (to late) we lost the reservations, but the funny thing is the restaurant we went to instead was a surprise.  Still, I know it was freak occurrence, I just wish the staff handled it better that is reason why my experience here was such a negative one.  That was still one memorable stay...  Just not one for the right reasons.
4	This is a nice hotel but if I only had a day or two in Vegas I would pick some place more central to all the action--Mandalay Bay is on the far south end of the strip, everything looks super close but trust me, it's quite a hike from Treasure Island, even the Bellagio. Check-in is probably the best I've experienced (in terms of Las Vegas casino resorts anyway). The garage is small but space is ample and if you don't do valet, you will not need to hike a mile or two through casino, shops and bars to get to the front desk. The rooms are nice, suite style. The decor is botique-hotel stylish but perhaps a little too dark. One bathroom plus a powder room. The desk is large and accomidating. The beds are comfortable and the robes are soft. The bathouse was...interesting. I almost felt like I was in a dark prison-with lovely walls and enticing smells of course. The services were very good. When I went prices were a little higher than they are now. I will say if I was able to get a $130/night room at this place I would be one happy person. I mentioned earlier about it being far away from the action, too far for a short trip but I liked being farther away because it seemed more quiet (and closer to the interstates, strip traffic is awful for those of us who like to go off strip). I've stayed right above the strip at NYNY and it was very loud. Where THEhotel is situated, it's quiet. All in all, great place, but a person could easily find something nicer in Vegas.
5	I was in Vegas last weekend for a good friend's bachelor party.  We got a pretty good deal on THEsuite at THEhotel ($196 total per night for a 750 sq ft suite).  Everything here is clean, tasteful and modern.  Everyone was impressed.The only thing that got annoying was THE branding.  Take the names of the businesses, for instance: THEstore, THEcafe, THEbar, etc.  Even in the room, you have THEminibar, THEpad (yes, the notepad has a name) and THE other shit.Still, these are really nice rooms and they're connected to Mandalay Bay, one of my favorite places in Vegas.  If you can find a decent price here, I highly recommend it.
3	Whenever I hear or see this hotel, being in the trade show industry, I immediately think WORK!!!In any case, stopped here for their buffet.  Decently priced at $27/person for a Saturday evening buffet.  The food is alright - nothing special.  I think I would've preferred more options.  At first, it seems like there's a lot of choices but after round 2, you're kind of sick of everything already.I'm not a huge fan of buffets - I don't think I'd come back.
3	the good: - the entrance is very close to the elevators and front desk; no meandering through the entire casino floor to get to you room. - the overall aesthetic is nice. - the pool is fantastic (albeit crowded and kid-filled)the bad: - the entrance to the hotel is at the bottom of a parking garage.  It's unimpressive and awkward with all the support beams.  I expect a little more class, or at least more ostentatiousness in my Las Vegas hotels. - the labeling of directions throughout the hotel (how to get to the pool, how to get to the lobby, etc.) is impossibly bad, even by Vegas standards.  Even with a map, we had to ask two separate employees how to make it into the pool area, and I'm pretty good with directions. - the room windows change all sunlight to green.  it makes people look dead or zombie like.  This, honestly, above all things is why I'll be looking elsewhere next time I visit Las Vegas.  I didn't spend a heck of a lot of time in my room, but the green is dominant and my eyes never adjusted it away.
5	One of my FAVorite hotels in vegas!  The suites are spacious and really nice.  The decor is modern and sophisticated.If you sign up for the players club they send you tons of deals via email...a few weeks ago we stayed there for $139 a night for friday and saturday.  And $150 for a cabana rental.The pools are also the best in vegas with the lazy river and pretend beach (wave pool).  The only problem is that you have to make sure you have the room key with you or you won't get into the pool area.Otherwise, TheHotel is highly reccomended!
1	Ok this place is definitely overrated... Would stay at Encore or The Hardrock (yes, HardRock) over this place anyday. Booked my trip a month in advance, my flight got delayed and I checked in on Tuesday night at 130am The double bed room was unavailable till 3pm the next day. The put us in a regular room, sent us a rollout bed that had old cereal stuck in the bedsheets. Ended up finally getting our room late the next day but only after the room service lady banged on our door at 830 am to clean our room. Should have known this would happen. Overall the rooms are nice here, fairly large, decent beds but most do have a slightly worn look. Nothing special in my opinion. Bathrooms were nice but the hot water seemed to run out at times and the TV's were dated. One good part is my brother and I both brought back two animals from Vancouver, it was nice being able to each pound out these two classy acts (we picked em up at the sandwich shop at the luxor @430am) and have some privacy. The food court at Mandalay Bay is ridiculously over priced, the food is mediocre at best.. Rum Jungle & Strip Steak are both rip offs. The bartender at Rum Jungle looked like Danny Glover and had no service skills. His mojito sucked and they should replace him with a hot chick. Though the food area is designed nice and seems to be a good place to grab a meal, Id avoid it if possible. The buffet was fairly good however, though the same items are served at lunch as dinner, the selection is nice. The Breakfast buffet is good here as well. Great that all drinks are provided and the staff is very friendly. Id rank this buffet on par with that of the Rio. The Beach/Pool is very nice for families.. Kids were everywhere, being a young single woman seeking male, didnt care much for the pool personally. They tried charging me 40 bucks to get into Moorea, the adults only pool. There were a few hotties who were topless but the first day i peaked into this place I noticed a 250 pd plus wart hog with her top off. Not paying extra to stare at some mammoth...This is ridiculous, the pool it should be free for The Hotel's guests, especially considering how many out of control kids are in the wave pool. Never ended up paying or going into Moorea. Instead I went to Wet Republic and Bare @ the MIrage, both of which are far better pools in my opinion. Just annoying that one pays so much money for a subpar room and this hotel cant take care of you.Tried speaking to Mangement about both the pool and problems with my room. They didnt seem to care and refused to compensate me in anyway..Assistant Manager was a illiterate and really didnt know how to handle a proble. Not sure I would ever go back to this rathole. Hotel is decent, big casino, horrible restaurants and no cool clubs.. I would short the shit out of this place if it was a stock. Stick to Encore or the Hard Rock. This rat's nest is located at the ass end of the strip, not many hot girls and they really dont seem to care about the guests of the hotel.
5	So Vegas hotels are all pretty much the same right?  HUGE, loud, smokey, tacky carpeting, weird lighting, and slot machines clinking all over the place.  If you're looking for something a bit different, classier - THE hotel is the place for you.  They only offer suites which was FINE BY ME.  The room had two queen size beds, a giant bathroom with tub and shower and an extra powder room.  The decor was clean, mostly black and sleek.  Even the smells were different.  It was nice to be able to stay in a beautiful hotel that was within walking distance of the casino mess.  I will definitely be staying here again!  Concierge was super nice going above and beyond with our silly requests.  Tip: 2 beds are not always gauranteed in the suites!
5	I came to celebrate Father's Day and the rooms are awesome!! Each room has two separate sections: one living room and one bedroom. The furnishing in the room was nicely decorated with artwork in all the rooms, plus hallways. There are 3 LCD flat screen in each room: bathroom, bedroom, and living room. The bathroom is really clean with his/her sinks, a tub, and a shower. Each room has a separate bathroom: one in the living room and one in the bedroom (connected to the bathroom with a separate door). The mini bar has a wide variety of alcohol and treats, which is restocked daily. The room service is awesome. The room is cleaned daily with extra towels (if requested), shampoo, conditioner, and lotion. I typically bring my own shampoo, conditioner,and lotion...but the products were awesome. I love the lotion =)I was hungry with I arrived in Vegas. I called for room service. I had the french onion soup, pasta, and a salad. It was kinda pricey...but the food was good. Overall, the hotel was an awesome place to stay and the service was excellent.
3	I last stayed here on Father's Day with my family complimentary of THEhotel.  Too bad check-in took forever and our room wouldn't be ready until 3:00 pm.  Rooms are still the same, but I think it's time to replace some of the furniture - some of the tables in our sitting area were a little banged up.Personally, I like staying in fairly newer hotels.  If you're like me, then you probably wouldn't enjoy staying at THEhotel since they're now considered one of the older hotels on the strip... and management clearly doesn't do a good job in keeping the place looking spankin' new.
4	All in all - totally dug THE Hotel. Although I hated having to say, THE Hotel over and over. It just sounds so freaking pretentious.Anyway, I'm in a hurry, so we're doing this quicky style. Here's what I liked:* THE Room. We got the lowest level one bedroom suite. I think it's called THE Suite. Very nicely appointed. Very comfy bed. VERY huge tub. * I really loved that tub. It fit me AND my boyfriend, who is not a small guy. Wait! I mean it fit me. I would never take a bath with a boy! Are you crazy? hehehehe...* Loved the pool - for the most part. I loved the lazy river, but hated the fact that so many freaking people weren't on inner tubes. It's kind of annoying having to constantly make sure you aren't going to kick someone in the head. Makes it a little hard to relax. The wave pool was really fun, but the one wave every 5 minutes or so thing? Huh? Why???? I did really, really like the east and west lagoon pools which were very chill. You can bring your drinks, your smokes and just work on your tan. * Loved the restaurant choices. We ate at Stripsteak our last night, which was great. Our one room service meal was a burger, fries and mac & cheese and the burger pretty much kicked ass - and if you know me, you know I'm not such a burger fan. My mac and cheese was damn good too. Of course, it was damn expensive, but hey - it's room service at THE Hotel. * Lastly, I love that I won $200 on the slots the first night. I'm convinced the first time you play with one of their membership card thingies they hook you up.There are just so many fun places to stay in Vegas that I don't know if I would return to THE Hotel - if I stayed anywhere in the complex it would probably just be at Mandalay Bay since I feel that it's more convenient to stay in the main part of the hotel. But it was a great weekend and I'm glad we got to check it out!
3	My Vegas vacations tend to be broken up into two parts, first an inexpensive leg where we stay in a low cost, affordable hotel, then we finish it up at a high-end luxury local.  THEhotel was the high end of this particular trip, but it left me wanting more...THEreview of THEhotel:Change the stupid name.  It's pretentious only for those people who are in the know.  Everybody else thinks that you are just staying at the hotel, at Mandalay Bay, not THE hotel.  If I gotta tell them I'm staying high end, I look like an ass.THEValet (hey, they named it) was sub-par.  Just getting to the valet was like navigating a maze.  I thought when I finally got there I would get a piece of cheese like a good little lab mouse.  I didn't get any cheese. Here's what I did get for this high dollar stay:Super soft robes!  I wouldn't take/buy one for fear they would disintegrate in the first wash, but walking around the room naked in the world's softest robe was awesome.A bathtub that could have a diving board attached.  It's soooo deep you can totally submerge yourself.  I'm not sure I need to, but it certainly is an option.A bathroom scale.  I like this nice touch.  It's like being at home,  And I can weigh myself before and after eating at the buffet.A water closet.  Even though there's only two of us, we always seem to have to go to the bathroom at the same time.  The second toilet is an excellent touch.Excellent front desk staff.  We checked in around 10 am, well before the desired check-in time, and they were good with it.  We got a lower level floor, looking out over the parking garage roof, but we still got in.  They also helped us to confirm our cabana rental (a must before 10:30 or they will give it to someone else).  Then they took the cabana key back to the beach club for us when I discovered that I accidentally brought it back to my room. All the other amenities you would expect from a 4 star hotel, like real hangers, big rooms, HD televisions, and a spacious bathroom.Speaking of the Cabana, we rented one in the Private beach area, and it was pretty cool, but I was a little bored.  Great for relaxing, but nothing else going on.  I guess I got a little spoiled by the Stratosphere's topless pool and volleyball.What I didn't get:Chocolates or a turndown.  Not very 4-star.Quick bell service.  A major turn-off at a 4-star property.  We waited 40 minutes for the bell-hop, enough to cause stress if you have a flight to catch.The shower door leaked, leaving a very slippery/dangerous tile bathroom floor.  The age of a hotel is no excuse.  When you pay 4-star prices you expect 4 star service and maintenance.  Hire extra bell-hops for the checkout rush.  Hire more than 1 valet (that's right, there was only 1 valet -busting her ass- at checkout.  Replace the rubber seals on the shower door.THEhotel tries to be pretentious, but they missed the mark in a number of areas, leaving this reviewer with a 3-star rating for this 4-star hotel.
5	For Vegas, yes.  I think this one is as good as it gets.  Had a beautiful suite near the top floor, nice view, super room, QUIET.In Vegas, quiet is quite underrated.  I liked the hotel most because nobody seems to know its there...an oasis.  I didn't see a bunch of kids, rowdy people (don't get me wrong, rowdy is fun-but not where you live, get it?)I also won 1800 bucks at a slot machine in their casino, so I'M NOT GONNA COMPLAIN!If you like a modern and classy room without a tacky theme and ugly carpeting-stay here.  If you want all that, go to Camelot down the street....:)  Amenities here are pretty good, not world class or anything, but way better than the theme parks on the strip.Rock on!
3	I stayed here over the 4th of July for C.Wu's bachelorette & bday weekend of debauchery.  We had 8 girls that split into two V Suites which had 2 queen beds and 1 1/2 bath.  Unfortunately, they didn't have 2 adjoining suites, so we had to be on separate floors.The bathroom was huge!  There was a glass shower and a ginormous bathtub.  I really liked that they had the 1/2 bath near the entryway.  Multiple bathrooms with multiple mirrors allowed 4 girls to put on makeup all at once.  The beds were nice and comfy.  The pillow top mattresses and down comforters were a nice touch.There were 2 super soft bath robes and some slippers.  Too bad there weren't 4 sets.  And the slippers were his and hers.  Why would they put his and hers slippers in a room with 2 queen beds?After our first night, we spent the whole day at the pool...the WHOLE day.  So why was it that we came back to the room and housekeeping was just coming around?  Not a super big deal since we didn't care if they made the bed.  We ended up not having them clean the room and just asked for new towels.  This would've been a 4 star review until my last night.  I got back to the hotel after drinking a bit too much at XS.  While praying to the porcelain god, I happened to notice the toilet wasn't exactly very clean.  There was some mold/mildew around the edge of the rim.  Not something I wanted to see while regurgitating my dinner.  Overall, this was a really nice hotel.  Hopefully they'll clean their toilets better next time.
5	After staying at several other hotels, I can safely say that THE Hotel is THE best! For style, square footage, and amenities THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay has it all. The Suites have 1 bedroom, 1 and 1/2 bathrooms, a shower, a tub, TV's in the living room, bedroom and bathroom.  The location is great and the different restaurants inside Mandalay Bay offer a little bit of something for everyone. Toiletries are top notch! We save the scrubby oatmeal soaps and use them when we aren't in Vegas. This place smells amazing, too!
2	Alright people, bare with me since I have A LOT to write. After reading all the reviews and hearing from friends how nice this place is, I decided this was the spot I wanted to stay at for my bachelor party weekend! Between 10 of us guys, we booked three rooms with two queen beds in each. We used my friend's players card and my credit card to book one of the rooms. My friend's flight wasn't going to arrive till later in the evening so we asked if I would be able to check in for my friend since its with my credit card...they said yes.When we got there, we had no problems checking into both of the rooms, but when I tried checking into the 3rd room that was booked with my credit card, the front desk chick said I couldn't do it, and we have to wait for my friend to arrive... fine, whatever... can we atleast get our rooms on the same floor or any rooms connecting...."NO, we don't do that".... seriously, wtf was this chick's problem. Being really short and rude! When my friend finally arrived later in the afternoon, I meet him at the front desk only to find out that THEhotel overbooked and that our room with 2 queen beds was no longer available. The only way they would accommodate us is by giving us a smaller room with one king! Total bullshit, so we start raising hell, asked to talk to the manager, had us wait 15 minutes for the manager to come out, only to be given more excuses. They eventually gave us a $150 food/drink credit and told us they would move us first thing in the morning to the room we originally requested. After 30 minutes of getting names, hearing excuses, etc, we decided to just move on with our weekend.As soon as we got to our first room, we noticed there was a wet spot on the carpet, and the entry way bathroom smelled like a urinal/period.... smelled like something was rotting in there. Not to mention, the floor was sticky! We called the front desk and they sent house keeping up. Instead of spraying something, she basically wiped everything down again, which only solved the sticky floor situation. We then turned on the tv and realized the sound/volume was all fucked up. We would turn the volume up to 70 hear nothing, then press up one more time, and it would jump to 80 and the tv would be pretty loud. There was no inbetween! The other two rooms had no issues in smell, cleanliness, or anything else.Coming back pretty drunk from the clubs at 4am, my buddy decides to order room service. We ended up waiting 30+ minutes for a burger to come up...by the time he got it, the bread was semi soggy and the food was a little bit above room temp.The following morning, we were woken up to guys in the hall way banging on the ground and walls. We thought they just came back drunk at 8am and was waiting for someone to let them in. After an hour of hearing people infront of our door, I get out of bed and take a look. To my surprise, they have maintenance ripping the carpet out right infront of our door! SERIOUSLY, at 8am?! wtf is this all about?!During check out, I decided to go through the front desk. Even with late check out, it seriously took them 15 minutes just to say, "hello sir, thank you for waiting, how can I help you?" The lady who was helping me was very accommodating, but was typing the whole time. I believe she was taking notes with all of my complaints. She eventually removed the room service charge and that was it. I honestly and truly wish I would've had a great experience like everyone else, especially it being my bachelor party weekend, but we ran into one problem after another... highly unacceptable for a hotel that has this much hype! Just BEWARE!!!!Only reason why I'm giving it 2 stars is because of the bell/bag guys.... they were quick and courteous.
4	Stayed here on our birthday weekend and overall it was a nice room.  For the price and suite size, it was a good deal.  It had 2 bathrooms, one for the living room area and a master.  Bed was comfy, and bathroom was nice with a huge oversized soaking tub and a flat-screen tv in there to watch while showering, etc.  One downer was it's at the extreme end of the Vegas strip, but other than that it was a nice hotel.Overall, nice hotel/room, okay price, okay service.
5	CLASSY.need i say more?i really dont-- that one word explains it all, but ill elaborate just for the sake of those who dont believe me. the suite was HUGE, way bigger than what i expected-- living room, master bedroom and two bathrooms! the tub was heavenly after a long day of walking around the strip & the flat screen right in front of the tub wasnt too shabby either ;] talk about relaxation! i also liked the whole modern look of the room, it was kinda like spending the night in display room at ikea. i likeeee ;]
3	Well staying here now 8-12 to 8-14-09.Room is nice but upon looking at the glass shelf's in the main bathroom to find dust so thick you can see where you wipe a finger from across the room.We are here with our oldest for her big 21st birthday and there are 4 of us in the room but where told if we wanted 4 robes we would have to pay $35 a piece for the extra 2 WTF . I did not say I wanted to buy them , the folks at the hotel should take note.  Any other top notch place we have stayed at with the kids just send the damm robes and make a note to be sure 4 are accounted for or charge us for what's missing.Then this morning I took the youngest down to the coffee bar to get her some thing to eat . The younger lady working there at around 10 am on 8-13-09 was the rudest little bitch.We where down by the fruit plates and when she bothered to look up she then said tell me when your ready, so far OKWe tell her we are ready and instead of coming down go where we are ( she has to come down any way to get what we select anyways) tells us we must come down to her. We get the fruit plate and some Danish. I then say I would like a cup of coffee . She says what size , I ask what sizes do they have and she points to a little sign in the other side of the cash register and tells me it's listed there .I then tell her that's was rude and all she had to say is what size they have.  I get to pay almost $23.00 for get treated by a clerk who is here to make my visit pleasant.Nice place but service and small details to a high end hotel need work.If anyone from the hotel reads this we stayed in room 38804  on 8/12 to 8/14All in all unless you get a deal on your room don't expect 4 star service
4	review of THEsuite with single bed (non-smoking)THE +'s: service with a smile. even the housekeeping guy who showed up at midnight was peppy. loved the modern contemporary decor vibe -- from the funky chandelier in the lobby to the actual suite. semi-shag carpeting that was as soft as the terry bathrobe and slippers (a pair for the guy and a pair for the girl!). lots of bath amenities beyond the usual shampoo and soap. a soaking tub that can fit two. cawfee shop downstairs (yay!) and a short walk to mandalay proper.THE -'s: THIN walls. i heard. every. single. door. slam. there were oil stains on the bolster bed pillows (ew!). net access was 14.99 PER LAPTOP per 24 hours. for a place that caters to the bizness folks, that's, well, not really catering. the palazzo had a fax machine in the room. THEhotel did not. and oh yieah, the classic billing mix-up -- at check-in we found that the snack bar had been used. so i called it in and they assured me it won't be charged. housekeeping on second day left new unopened snack packs but left the open one on the counter. i call in and they say it won't be charged. (same night i called in for 2 extra pillows at about midnight --- they said they didn't have any at that time of night?!). on check-out, i review the bill and found out that (guess what) i was charged for the opened snacks. called downstairs and they cleared it up quickly but come on now, how is that four star service?SUM: i gave four instead of three stars because the good slightly outweighs the bad. it helps that at least the staff was friendly even when they were telling you they couldn't do something. the main entrace was off-putting because it's within a standard concrete parking structure (where's the grand vegas hotel entrance?). still, the decor and general cleanliness make up for the odd spots and the crowd here isn't the partying kind so the place is more low-key than most strip hotels. i'd stay here again if i can get a good deal.
3	I stayed at TheHotel on a Monday-Thursday. When you walk into the section where the hotel begins you notice the scent- not bad. If you're walking in through the casino you have to pass by the Lion King theater which can be a busy area when there's a show. I didn't bother eating at TheCafe. It looked a little too quiet. TheStore was expensive. Front desk was simple. I noticed two other guests walk up to change room keys. They were switching rooms. The room we checked into first had only 1 sink. We needed 2 so we switched. They told us we'd have to wait 30 min if we waited someone to be sent up to the first room with the keys for the new one so we lugged everything back downstairs. The best thing about the room was the extra half bath. I guess it was nice to have the shower and spa tub- though I didn't use the tub. One of my biggest complaints is TheHotel not offering free wireless. This is important for business people. Such a hotel should not charge $15/day for wireless access. These days motels have free high speed wireless. I thought TheHotel was okay but I would actually rather stay at Mandalay Bay instead.
4	This place is super nice, but I kind of felt like a little kid walking through an art museum where I'm not allowed to touch anything or make any noise.All the rooms are suites with a king-sized bed and separate living room.  The bathrooms are huge too!  Like I'm talking you could have a house-party in the bathroom huge.The only down-side of THEhotel is the location.  It's at the very south end of the strip and is pretty far from any clubs.  Don't even try to walk anywhere because it will easily take over half an hour and in heels that's not a very good idea.
4	We spent three nights at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and had a wonderful time. The lobby is gorgeous and the service is top notch. The only reason why one really stays in The Hotel is because of the suites. In all honesty all the ammenities are in the Mandalay Bay.  Our room had a living room which featured a nice workdesk, bar, 42 inch plasma TV and very comfortable furniture. The bedroom boasted comfortable beds and a large TV. The room had 1 and a half bathrooms. The full bathroom is huge and had an amazing shower, plasma tv, and  two sinks  which was perfect as I was there with my fiance.The bottom line is that if you dont care to spend extra money on a room then The Hotel is for you. The Hotel is luxirious and very high end but in truth you are just paying extra for a nice room and a great lobby. The Mandalay Bay features an amazing Spa, great pool, and a nice casino. So if you would rather save a few bucks and are fine with a nice, decent room then just get a room at the Mandalay Bay.
2	This was my second stay to The Hotel.  I loved the suites last year and thought it was a first rate hotel.  My experience the second time was very disappointing.  The suites are terrific here, but the service has fallen off and is certainly not 5 star quality.  The pool is quite a hike from the hotel and is used by Mandalay Bay guests , so it is extremely crowded.  If you want to use The Bathhouse Spa, which I enjoyed very much last year, be sure to book far in advance.  On this most recent stay, which was a last minute booking, there were no spa appointments available for the 2 1/2 days that I was there (:.  There was lots of waiting a customer service snaffus and although management was available to speak with, nothing was done to compensate for all of the issues.  Very disappointing.  Vegas has lots of rooms and I will certainly try somewhere else next visit.  Sorry, The Hotel, you had me at hello, but lost me the second time around!!
3	Upon walking into The Hotel at Mandalay Bay I was impressed that one it had a really awesome summery smell and the decor was really wonderful and dark. We checked in with Keith and gave him a 20 spot and he supposedly upgraded us to a room with a better view. Upon arriving to our room our air conditioner didn't work. We went downstairs to try and rectify it, and we were given an upgrade to the V suite. This however was not an upgrade in my opinion. First there is about 3/4 less closet space and we were on a lower floor. Again not happy but I wasn't going to move again. The bathroom is huge and the bathtub fit two people neither who are small by any means. However our shower didn't work properly and our scale in the bathroom was broken. Anyhow, I called the front desk and they gave us a $100 food and beverage credit and the issues were fixed. Throughout the week we had other problems. First the housekeeping staff left rags and bottles in our room. Also there were several times we would call for the room to be cleaned in the morning and they didn't come for like 5-6 hours. NOT COOL. Also our bill was way jacked up in the end. The tax rate changed and I was NEVER notified and I was charged the wrong room rate. Again I went downstairs to Keith the same person who we tipped initially and I informed him of this. At first they weren't going to do anything, but they did rectify it and then some. I just feel like they need to get their act together. Now, would I stay there again all things considered? Yes I would. The reason why is that the rooms are huge. They are suites with a separate living room which came in handy when a friend came to visit. The beds are comfy and the three plasmas (one in the bathroom) were a nice touch. Also the access to the pools at Mandalay Bay were amazing and we love the restaurants that Mandalay Bay has to offer. I just hope that next time they have their act together a bit more.
5	This place is fabulous. Gorgeous, gorgeous suites! We stayed here during an event, and were nothing but happy with our experience. The room was great, and very spacious. Enough bathrooms and mirror space to please four hairdressers(and trust me, this is an accomplishment). The beds were really comfortable and we had ample closet space. I can't really speak about price, cause we were given a great corporate rate(not sure what regular prices are), but we will DEFINITELY stay here again next year! I think the location is fine, if you don't need to be RIGHT on the strip(besides, you can get a Deuce bus pass for like seven bucks a day to go back and forth!), and it's close to the airport which means cheaper taxi fare there and back!Also, I suggest popping into The Mix bar upstairs. Great decor, and a beautiful view at night...even if the drinks were silly expensive(but no more so than any other Vegas Club, I'm assuming)!
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas.Stayed here in 2006 because I got a really good deal on the room.  I think they go a little overboard on the THE theme (THElobby, THEstore, THEbar, etc. lol).  They even had a little sticker on the toilet paper when I checked in that said THEtp.  lol.  That's ok, though.I LOVED the layout of my room.  It's set up like a modern apartment with a half bath for guests, a living room with a wet bar, and a separate bedroom.  Bathroom is gorgeous and has a nice, deep soaking tub and a glass shower.  Service was great, rooms felt luxurious.  I just wish they would lower their rates to what I paid in '06 again.  I was definitely stay again soon if they did!
4	I didn't expect much from THE Hotel after having a mediocre stay at the Mandalay Bay a few years back, but what a pleasant surprise.  For starters, let me clarify that it is attached to the Mandalay Bay so you have access to the casino and what not, but THE Hotel is an entirely different property.When you pull up, you are dropped off in the shade of a parking garage.  That is the entrance of the property.  Normally, I would say that this is not a good design, but in Las Vegas where the Strip has terrible traffic and the valet can be crowded or in the sun, this may be preferred.  It is tucked away in the back of the property, providing quick access to the freeway or the Strip.Once inside, the style of the property is very modern and sleek.  While we were waiting to get checked-in, we were looking at the massive piece of art behind the front desk.  It took a while to figure it out, but there is a hidden theme that you need to uncover.The suites are very modern and comfortable.  With a small living room, powder bath, and large master bedroom and bathroom, there is more than enough space for two people to be very comfortable.  Flat screen televisions and all of the amenities you would expect are included.  The room service was delivered quickly and was good.The only real negative, in my opinion, is being at the furthest end of the Strip.  If you like to wander around on foot and explore the entire time, this is not an ideal location.  If you don't mind using taxis or limos, you are sure to be pleased with the bang for the buck that you receive at this hotel.
4	The hotel is niiiice.  Everything is new modern and fresh.  Even though it's on the strip it is still pretty far from the middle of the strip.  You'll end up spending so much money on cab rides.  Might as well stay in the middle and not waste money on cabs.  That's just my 2 cents.
4	I loved the decor of THEhotel as you walk in with a nice, sleek, contemporary feel to it along with the tall, black and white walls, clean glass doors and fresh white flowers of lilies, roses, and carnations.Our one bedroom suite was nice, but reminded me a lot of The Signature suites... only smaller. The layout was eerily familiar with the living room attached to the one bedroom, the padded headboards, the large bathroom with a seperate tub and shower, to the seperate bathroom with a phone in there. Honestly, a really, really nice hotel, but for the price AND the inconvience of the location, the Signature would be a better deal. A taxi from our hotel to the Venetian would cost about $20 each way not including tip. =(One of the best part of the hotel? THEbeach at Mandalay bay's pool. Can you say Wave Pool? Super cool. THEbeach was awesome. So if it's your first time staying here, I would recommend coming to the pool here since you have to be a guest at the hotel to even get it.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THEHotel!!  Here are my reasons... 1.  If you want to avoid casino floor on the way back to your suite, or after checking into your suite, this is the place. 2.  If you want a quiet peaceful suite to rest after a marathon of heavy drinking, gambling, partying, pool partying, this is the place.  3.  If you are looking for luxury stay while having all the fun you can have in Las Vegas, this is the place to stay.  4.  If you are looking to stay at one Las Vegas Hotel for the majority of the weekend trip, Mandalay Bay and THEHotel offers enough choices for entertainment you don't really have to leave the hotel, except for shopping.  5.  If you want to avoid smoking gamblers and confusing casino floors, this definitely the place to stay at. I cannot tell you how much I enjoy staying at their suite, I have stayed at other major Suite hotels, in comparason TheHotel offers a different lodging experience that everyone can enjoy.
4	After receiving my survey I received an e-mail from THE HOTEL for a complimentary two night stay. This definitely rectified everything that went wrong and was unexpected. I will be staying here again, but I also want to try other hotels on the strip.
5	I loved everything about this place. Everything! Venetian has been my favorite hotel for several years now....but this one is a serious contender! Here's the breakdown:PROS: it's easy to love it when you are a VIP.  Limo ride from Airport...perfect. Check in: fast with easy access to elevators from lobby. Coffee bar right outside the elevators!!!!! (That is one of my biggest peeves is to have to search for a cup of coffee in the morning. Yes, Bellagio and Wynn, I'm talking to you). The room was fantastic:Suite with 3 flat screens, 1 full bathroom, 1 half bathroom, mini bar, seperate living room, bedroom, dual closets that were easily accessible, nice blow dryer, double sinks, really great lotion and soap, etc. From what I understand this is their standard room! What? Awesome! And I really love......are you ready? I love that The Hotel is seperate and has a seperate entrance from the casino. NO SMOKE! Yay!Great venue for concerts too! I'll be back!
4	Travelling and staying with three people can be a bit difficult. It is particularly a problem if everyone has different reasoning for travelling (work or play) and so different schedules. After piggy-backing on a friends work trip to Vegas the bf and I were a bit concerned by the room situation at the Mandalay Bay. Seeing that THEhotel had suites (with a separate living area) for barely $50 more a night we decided to upgrade for everyone's well-being. It was perfect. Not only was there ample room for everyone and a separate living room for those who wanted to wake early or stay up late but there were also two bathrooms and just an overall abundance of space. The service was top-notch and any issues we had were immediately dealt with and rectified. There were only a couple of legitimate downsides to being at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. The first was that it is definitely not on "the strip". It looks like it is and you can walk to everything (sort of) and technically it is on the same road but if you are looking to walk out of your hotel and into the action, that is a problem. It also means that you need to travel to go to the other casinos and that takes a significant amount of time and money (neither too significant - time: ~15 min, money: ~$10). The other potential downside is the distance between THEhotel and the Mandalay Bay pools (that you obviously have access to). It is a bit of a hike. The hotel rooms at Mandalay Bay go down to the pool level but if you are staying at THEhotel then you have to take the elevators to the lobby floor, walk through the casino, down a level and then outside and down the path to the pools. This is a huge issue if you are with someone with limited mobility (which I wasn't but thought of). The benefits of THEhotel far outweigh the downfalls so I would recommend this hotel to almost anyone!Added bonus: The bathtub is like a personal swimming pool it is so big!
4	Nice modern artsy chill getaway from crazy Vegas. 4.5 starsCost to worth it rating: 3 (more expensive than average hotel but can get deals sometime)Return worthiness: yesHighlights:- Decor: open, tall ceilings in the lobby and artsy, colorful, long hallways on the room levels- No casino: probably what makes it so serene to come back to, though if you want to gamble the Mandalay casino is close- Steps away from Mandalay restaurants: from Burger Bar to Aureole there are some great spots  - Access to beach: a fun benefit, as I love the wave pool- Classy rooms: huge jacuzzi tub, nice views, large extra comfy beds- Welcoming check in: we had an extra cheery personable staff member help us which set a good tone for our visit, as I was worried the place might be stuffy.  Made us feel VIP without the pretentiousness.- Room charge card can be used at lots of hotels on the strip- Club at top floor: nice view, good music, not crazy crowded  Lowlights:- Internet charge: no wireless included, stark room with computer pay $1/min plus $1.50/printout--even a standard hotel in other cities have a computer in lobby to print out just boarding passes or room key access business centers. At a luxury hotel, your room charge should include this to avoid guests feeling nickel and dimed. - No mini bar: we had smaller room but was odd (esp cause they gave us a key for one at check in).- Said we could get complimentary access to upper floor bar for yet charged the hub at the entry point even when showed guest key.All in all, I really enjoyed our cozy, fun, and comfortable stay here and would love to return.
4	I have to say that if the only factor in my decision to stay someplace in Vegas was based on the hotel alone (excluding casino, nightlife, shopping, etc.) I would only stay at THE Hotel from this point forward. The moment you walk into the lobby you feel like you are somewhere peaceful and luxurious, rather than crowded, noisy, and hectic (a la Venetian or Mandalay Bay). The lighting is pleasant. The decor is sleek and modern. There's no overdone, cheesy Vegas theme going on. So here are all the good things about THE Hotel:-The room: We stayed in a V Suite, as opposed to a THE Suite. Not sure what the difference is but we had 2 bathrooms and a bedroom that was separate from the living room area and had a door that you could actually close. This came in handy when we peer pressured our friends to miss their flight and crash in our room. We had a great view of the strip and the pool. The bathroom was spacious and had good amenities like a professional quality hair dryer with a straightening attachment, flat screen TV, a scale (so you can see how fat you're getting), and unlimited supplies of q-tips and cotton balls (little things like that make a difference!).  The robes are super plush and the slippers are so soft and cozy. -The service: The concierge managed to get us on the guest list for Tryst on Halloween night. My husband stayed through the week for a conference and he should have downgraded to the room that his company booked for him, but they actually let him stay in our suite from the weekend without charging him an upgrade fee. -The MIX Restaurant and lounge is another great reason to stay. And if you're coming during the summer Moorea Beach Club is also reason enough to choose THE Hotel. Here are the reason why I might choose to go elsewhere next time: -Mandalay Bay. So many families and awful tourists there. And since THE Hotel doesn't have it's own casino, you have no choice but to be amongst them. Who brings their kids to Vegas!?!? -Also, MIX is the only real restaurant here. It'd be nice if there was more than one restaurant of that caliber like at the Wynn or Palazzo. If you want any variety, you have to venture into Mandalay.-Proximity to the Luxor (yuck!)-ZERO SHOPS!!!!! How does a hotel of this quality not have any good shops?!?! There's a small shopping hall in Mandalay Plaza but all those stores are pretty low-rent. And you're so far from Caesar's or the Palazzo... You can pretty much rule out any shopping if you stay here. That's not as much of a problem for me during the summer because I'd rather be by the pool during the day, anyways. But what's a girl to do during the cold months??? INSANITY!
3	A very dear friend of mine wanted to go to Vegas for his birthday. I said sure. We decided to ask another friend to come along. His nickname is Dirty Deutsch* and he is probably the dirtiest person I've ever met in my life. Never go on a trip with anyone whose nickname has the word "Dirty" in it. So my dear friend got a suite. It was nice. We were really there to gamble anyway. And have some nice meals. Late one night after gambling, my dear friend and I thought it would be relaxing to take a bubble bath. So we called the front desk. No bubble bath. What the fuck? Why would you have a kick ass tub like that and no bath salts? So we had to trek down to the gift shop and pick some up. Pretty annoying, but worth it. On our final night, he and I won a ton of money at the craps table and decided to call it a night. But Dirty Deutsch* wanted to stay out. I had commented through the weekend that he should go talk to this girl or that girl, which prompted him to inform me that they were all hookers and he didn't expect that level of naivety from me. So I didn't think much when he said he was going to hang out for a while.The boy and I awoke to the sound of Dirty Deutsch* coming in with a girl and going into the bathroom. And as we tried to sleep, we heard the sounds of them "getting to know each other".  We chuckled at first and then it got annoying. Luckily it was over pretty quickly.  Unluckily, we got a glimpse of the girl - and realized that he had gone for a bargain basement deal. The boys got into an argument over what was acceptable behavior... I tried to diffuse it by saying "I never heard anyone having sex with a hooker before".To summarize, THEhotel needs the following improvements:-provide bath salts and/or bubble bath-have thicker walls/doors in the bathrooms so you don't hear your friend having sex with a hooker-keep out the cut rate hookers*I changed his last name to protect his already much sullied reputation.
5	Architecture?  Wow.The most inspired in town.Refused to pander.
4	So there's this big sign in their parking garage entrance that read, 'Official resort and casino for Manny Pacquaio.'  This was while we were here for Pacquaio/Cotto fight.  Pretty cool, but man I never felt like I left SD with so many Pinoys everywhere.  This hotel is nice.  I liked everything about it from the decor to the professional staff.  I requested two queens but when we got there to check in they had informed us that they didn't have any so the upgraded our suite and brought in a roll-away bed.  Not too bad.  The rooms are spacey and seems to be relatively smoke free.  My only gripe about this place would have to be location because its not very walker friendly unless your alright with the surrounding hotels.  I would stay here again with the right deal because this is a nice spot.
4	PROS:A nice getaway from the Cliche Vegas themed hotels. The only theme this hotel had was their obsession with "The".. Everything started with "The." The hotel consisted of "The Cafe," "The Lounge," The Casino," and even the restroom in your room had "The TP" (The Toilet Paper)..Very upscale with mood lighting and fancy architectures all around. The Decor was very fancy pants and the front desk and valet staff were extremely nice and accommodating. The Room: Very Sexy, separate living room, 2 bathrooms, one with a television inside (very important when you are on vacation). Very comfortable, plush couch, you never wanted to get off of it.CONS:A little far from the strip (At the end) Definitely an adulterant hotel, I would not recommend to take the children, they would definitely get bored.FINAL ANSWER: Go! but leave the kids at home.
4	THEhotel has luxurious suite style rooms. This was great for this trip as I was rooming with a guy friend and it helped to have a bedroom (with 2 queens) and a living room/office type area so that there was plenty of privacy for changing. In addition, they have one and a half baths so there is a small extra bathroom with a toilet and sink near the door. The rooms have a large flat screen TV in the main room, a small flat screen in the large bathroom, and a regular TV in the  bedroom.  The rooms have a mini fridge and several snacks. Neither are weight sensored. There is also a large desk with a very comfortable leather chair. The alarm clock in the bedroom is an iPod dock as well. The bathroom is very nice with a stand up glass shower that has amazing water pressure and temperature control, and a huge, extremely deep bathtub with a waterfall-like faucet. The robes were some of the most comfortable I have tried. We had a gorgeous view of the strip and The Luxor. I thought the light on The Luxor would bother me but the glass used for the ceiling-to-floor windows is tinted so you can't really tell there is a light at all.CONS: I usually prefer when the mini bar is not weight sensored, however, they have a minibar attendant that come around in the evenings, which really irritated me because it always seemed to fall during my nap time. If I was staying with a group of girls, I would have preferred to have one large open room rather than a bedroom and living area. The area seemed a bit too small for that and kind of just secluded you. I'm not sure why the TV in the bedroom was just a regular large tube television. It should have been a flat panel like the rest. Also, the picture wasn't very good quality.The biggest con is the $20 charge per day to use the fitness center AND an additional $10 to use the spa locker room. They won't even give you a tour unless you buy it. There is a deal for 3 days at the fitness center for $45.There are no co-ed hottubs... A dealbreaker is I were going with my boyfriend... Well I guess there's always the huge bathtub ;)PROS: In addition to everything I named above, I should mention the great customer service. We were upgraded from Mandalay Bay to THEhotel. We even got a Buy 2 Nights Get 1 Free deal. This we got 3 nights at theHOTEL for around $350 including taxes and fees when the regular price should have been around $650.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed here this past July and overall, it's a nice hotel but there were a few cons.  It seems like with everything we liked about the hotel, we would find a dislike.  Let me try to explain:  It's a nicer, more modern hotel compared to some of the more cheesy vegas hotels.  Our room was nice although, the set up was a little awkward.  There is a sitting area when you first walk into your room, and then the actual bedroom is next to it.  It seems like the space of the entire room was not utilized very well, they need to knock down the wall separating the two rooms and create just a smaller divider between the two areas, it would open up the space and make it seem more like a suite than two small rooms.  The pool is pretty cool, it has a wave simulator which is really fun.  However, the pool was so ridiculously overcrowded with annoying, little kids.  We had to walk around for over 15 minutes trying to find a free chair, luckily a pregnant woman gave us her husband's chair, saying that "he's at the bar, he'll be gone for a while."  When we actually got into the water, more little kids!!  Tip:  swim to the deeper end as to avoid being pack in the pool like sardines!!  Also, there were absolutely no cocktail waitresses helping us the entire time.  We wanted to spend money and no one even bothered to ask.We had some luck in the casino, but overall, not one of our favorites.   Vegas is our favorite place, and the vibe at the casino here isn't that great, if you like to gamble then you understand when I talk about the vibe, we just weren't feeling it.We ordered room service one night which was not good at all.  We also did not like that THEHotel was so far from the strip.  We might, emphasis on the might, stay here again, but only if we get a good deal or something.
3	The room 4.5 stars!The front desk and bell men 5 stars!The after Check out I forgot something in my room service 1 star!!!!Almost a decade ago I stayed at the Luxor and was so disappointed I decided I would avoid the Luxor and all of its affiliated hotels, until My company recently put me up in The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay...My mind was changed, I had fallen in love, from the spa and gym to the bell hops this place was great and my room was off the hook, just amazing!!!But it was all too good to be true...I was at The Hotel for 7 nights, and then was moving up the strip a bit for another 7 nights...  When I got to my new hotel I realized I had left my toiletry bag behind in the room...  It took 3 phone calls and a bunch of incompetence and just complete lack of class on The Hotel's staffs part, wow were they rude and incompetent, It is amazing how something small like this has completely changed my perception of this property...  I no longer want to be a lost number in such a large property so I will most likely not be back, Its a shame because I thought I was falling in love with this place...I gave it 3 stars because if I would not have left my bag I would have thought hard about giving them 5 stars but most likely gone with 4 stars, and as much as I want to give The Hotel 2 stars from my bad service experience I don't want to throw out the baby with the proverbial bath water so 3 stars is its rating in my eyes with many asterisks...
4	Ah, Vegas.  We finally made it, found the self parking area, lugged our stuff amongst hundreds of people, found the registration desk only to be told our reservations aren't at Mandalay Bay.  I gave the front desk clerk the look of death and she quickly calmed me down by saying I was at "The Hotel at Mandalay Bay" and not Mandalay Bay.  What does that mean?  Isn't this the hotel?  Apparently, there's Mandalay Bay and there's "The Hotel at Mandalay Bay."  Two separate hotels in one area with separate registration desks but she'll kindly accommodate us since everyone makes that mistake.  Damn straight you'll accommodate us.  There's no way we're going back even though we still ended up doing that just to get to the hotel.Our hotel room was not just any ordinary room.  Turns out we were in a swanky part of Mandalay Bay - the darker moody and sexier part of this hotel and our room was a cool suite with a living room, 2 bathrooms with a large tub and shower, 3 TVs - one in a living room area, one in our room, and one in the bathroom.  We also had bathrobes and slippers and lived like royalty during our stay.This was a great hotel to host the inaugural Las Vegas Rock 'n' Roll marathon.  The hotel has a great convention center (and there were several conferences during our stay there) and it was adequate enough to accommodate the 30,000 runners that participated in this race.Our room was amazing even though we had a crappy view of the airport but we only came back to shower and sleep.  Most of our time was spent on the strip or running the strip for the marathon.  There is also a giant fish tank and shark reef that we'll have to check out later and a tram leaves from this hotel to Luxor and Excalibur so while it sucked to be at the end of the strip; it was also nice to be at the start and finish line just before the race.  Thanks for being a great host hotel.  I'll be back next year to race again!
4	Gorgeous hotel, great architecture. We had a wonderful experience. Love that  our rooms were clean, there was a tv in the bathroom, there was a lot to do downstairs, we won big in the casinos..The view from our room was great we could see the whole strip plus its secluded enough to get out of the hustle and bustle of everything. The buffets were ok, there are definitely better ones on the strip. I love this hotel and I totally recommend it.
4	A very swanky, sophisticated and sexy hotel. I loved the decor and the ambiance. The front desk personnel were friendly and accommodated my "special" room requests. I really like how this place is out of the way from the strip and very quiet. The 725 sq ft suite was amazing and very spacious. There's a separate bedroom, living area and 1.5 bath. My fav is the bathtub, which could easily fit 2 people - especially after a long day of shopping, walking, eating and gambling, taking a bath was HEAVEN! CONS (IMO): -There is no place to set your clothes in the bathroom, except a hook in the back of the door. You can use the bathtub's ledge to set your items, but then they'll fall in and can even get wet! -There is no separate vanity area. I like to sit while I get beautified! -The bed was a little hard. The sheets were somewhat crispy. There were only 2 pillows on the bed. The other 2 were decorative pillows, which I was not planning on using. Typically there's extra pillows in the closet, but there weren't any. -Towels were thin and felt "cheap". -Not enough closet and drawer space. -Remotes for the TVs did not work well. -I didn't see an ice machine. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and would recommend the place to others.
3	My first stay at THEHotel was perfection so I went back. The second time we paid $20 more for a "view" of a roof! :( Then the TV's were not working right, static and only worked on the highest volume. Final straw was the toilet in the main bath not working right either. We called housekeeping and left 1.5 hours later come back and nothing had been done. The smell that they pipe into the lobby is every one of my allergies. I'm not sure I'll be back a 3rd time. I do love the spa Carmen is a great massause.
5	best hotel we have stayed at in vegas. it is beautiful and the service is amazing.
4	If you're considering theHotel, know that it's on the far South end of the strip, and if you're walking inside, you'll have to cross through the smelly Luxor and Excalibur to get North.  Pros:1) Got a great deal at Costco travel.  2) Swank. Quiet. Classy.3) Taft-sized bathtub.Cons:1) Bed was a bit uncomfortable, only two pillows, and linens weren't great2) TV audio/video issues3) Crappy view for a suite4) Something was off with the water one night - smelled like sulfur and we had to abandon the tub.5) Robes were made of a strange, itchy chenille. Slippers too small.All in all, the price was right, so we'd come back.
3	I was so excited to finally stay at The Hotel, but found it a little disappointing... the decor is definitely nice and modern, which I adore, but the attention to detail just isn't there.We had a V Suite, which supposedly would sleep up to 5 people (not sure where).  The closet space was incredibly limited - only 1 small wardrobe, half of which was occupied by a small chest of drawers, a safe, and an ironing board.  It was a bit ridiculous - between my 3 dresses and my husband's 2 suits, the thing was packed.  The only other storage was under the tv in some weird triangular shelves. We left our coats thrown over a chair the entire time.We arrived to find one of the tvs wouldn't turn on, one of the bathrobes was missing the belt which left no way to close it, and the walls around the bathtub didn't look like they had been cleaned very well. We regularly had a tough time getting people to clean the room - they didn't show up until 4pm, which is pretty much the time most people want to be in their rooms. Though we were guaranteed a view of the strip, it was more of the backside of the luxor.For the same (or less) money, I'd stay at Mandalay Bay instead.
4	Having stayed at many Vegas hotels - I always end up coming back to THEhotel. It's uber cool and very unique when compared to its peers. I love the suite concept......in ALL of their rooms. The decor and style has withstood the test of time. It's still a very cool place. Rooms: -two separate rooms (one bedroom, one living room). i really enjoy the division of the two rooms. -One full bathroom with dual sinks, shower, tub and tv -1/2 bathroom in the living room -flat screen tv's, ipod dock The Bathhouse Spa -very weak - walk the extra five minutes through the casino and go to the Spa at Mandalay Check-in has always been smooth. the cab lineup seems to be smaller that the one at Mandalay....its linked to Mandalay via a hallway that leads into the Sportsbook and casino. You get all the access to Mandalay Bay - pool, spa, restaurants etc. The pool is one of the best in Vegas...... One of the only negatives is its far proximity to shopping. The Fashion Show Mall and the Forum Shops are at the other end of the strip. I personally like being away from the strip....it provides a bit of a 'space" from the hectic and crazy happenings of the strip.
5	The rooms were really spacious and beautiful! I have pretty much stayed at most of the hotels on the strip and this has to be one of my favorites. I would have to say that Encore is still my favorite with The Hotel and Bellagio in a close second with the Palazzo/Venetian a distant third. The living room was separate from the bedroom which is perfect for a hotel party on the strip for reasons that are obvious! There were 1.5 bathrooms and the tub was the size of an olympic swimming pool! 2 large LCD TVs and modern decor finished off a great hotel room! I will be coming back again!
3	Stayed here for a week.... and surprisingly room service sucks! Other than that, the rooms are beautiful and the people are friendly
4	Spacious rooms and relative freedom from smoke aren't a lot to ask for, and this place delivers.  Reasonable prices, and easy access to the floors isn't bad either.  As a conference center, it really was quite a bit larger than our conference needed, but that was completely acceptable.  A bit carnival like, but I suppose that's to be expected in Vegas, I suppose.
5	god i love this place, second time staying here, smoke free, everything is dark wood and large crystals for decor. it smells of coconut and burnt brown sugar. the rooms have a nice living room area and super large flat screen, bath and a half, and i love their lotion.
4	Stayed here this past weekend and I was greatly impressed.  Originally we were scheduled for the basic deluxe room at the mandalay, but I tipped the front desk girl (frontdesktip.com) and she upgraded us to a suite at the hotel.  The room had a separate living room, and our bedroom with 2 plush queen beds.  The bathroom was great, with a full bathtub, a shower with clear glass all around.  Along with that they put a little 20" lcd in the bathroom.  Everything about the room was great and kept very clean.  It really made our vegas trip that much better and I was very happy with the service.  Check out frontdesktip.com and find out about the sandwhich, because this is the first time it worked for me and it worked wonders!  The Hotel is great and I will come back for sure!
4	THEhotel @ Mandalay Bay is a fantastic hotel on the strip! The suites are big...I was there for 6 days on business and absolutely loved it!I had two bathrooms, three t.v.'s, a living room and a great view of the strip...oh yeah...I had a door bell too! hahahaha!The cafe in the lobby is great...good placed to get some coffee.The restaurants @ Mandalay Bay are good...a bit expensive but then again it's Vegas!
5	It's places like THEHotel, Encore, Venetian, and Palazzo that makes me never want to settle for anything less than a 4-4 1/2 star hotel. Realistically, how do you go wrong with a place like this? You can't! However, the players club staff and the front desk staff were all idiots and incompetent of doing anything correctly, but my room was complimentary so I can't realy complain that much.
4	I was here on business, so i do feel a tiny bit guilty not giving this place 5 stars. Overall we had a great time staying at THEhotel. Highlights:great lighting everywherenice bar at the very top with view of all of Vegas!no slots or tacky casinos in lobbylovely room with all the amenities including HIdef TVs in every room even the bathroom! Living room and 2 bathrooms included in suitelittle extras like sewing kits, bath crystals and shoe polish includedQuick and easy check in with no lineshi-tec door bell and signage for housekeeping and do not disturbFast room service!Cons:confusing as hell to find the entrancenot the best location on the stripmovies on demand were $30 bucks?!NO Availability of King size beds for late check in, (so we had to take a room with barrier free design, which meant we had a bars all over our bath tub)NO complimentary WIFI anywhere in the bldgNO coffee in roomPlace looked dead in the lobby and restaurant for the week duration of our trip
5	I was completely blown away by their penthouse suite, which is where I held my reception for my wedding. It was on the 61st floor overlooking the Luxor's pyramid. The view was incredible! This room had a full bar, conference table, 2 sitting areas, 4 TVs, a bathroom that would bring you to tears, a sexy bed and just about anything else your little heart could desire in an amazing room. It was the perfect location for my reception. I had plenty of space for food and drinks and it fit over 80 people in the room comfortably. If I could afford it... I would definitely be back!!!
4	Wow! Great hotel. Loved this place. It was so nice. We had requested a room with a King, but since they were all out, they upgraded our room to a 2 queen suite (with 1 and a half bath!). It was on the 37th floor facing the strip, so every night we had an awesome view. There were also THREE TVs in the room: one in the living room, one in the bedroom and even one in the bathroom. I didn't use the bathroom one, but it might be nice to relax in a bubble bath and watch my favorite shows!! Maybe next time!The in-room supplies were very good quality, Gilchrist & Soames. The soap was great, practically a full-sized bar. I took one with me to use at home! My favorite part, though, was the comfy robe to cuddle up in after a long day of walking. :) So nice!The only downside: THEhotel is pretty far from everything else, which means lots of walking, taxis, and trips on the trams and monorail. If you don't mind traveling a bit, stay here!!
4	I'm kind of conflicted about this hotel but overall I will give it high marks for several reasons... Check in was fast and I thought efficient until we went up to our room and realized that our keys didn't work. Neither of them. After several attempts. We wandered back down to the reception where they were very quick to help us. After realizing that they checked us into the wrong room under someone else's name they upgraded us the the fancy end suite with a fantastic view of the strip. This was really surprising since we aren't the demanding types and were actually kind of cool about the screw up, you know how the saying goes... no harm, no foul, right? The manager (Alessandra?) was terrific in correcting the mistake. The room itself was very, very nice. I like the idea of a suite when I am staying somewhere for more than a day and this place didn't disappoint. Also a second bathroom comes in handy too. The bed was really comfy and the bathtub really does fit two people! This hotel is also nice because when you want to leave it isn't this huge headache to find the exit. Just go down the elevators and the exit is right there - no need to wander through the casino if you don't want to. Now for the aforementioned conflicting part.... If my room says "Do Not Disturb" (and I went back to make sure my little light was on indicating this) DO NOT ENTER MY ROOM!!!! If it says do not disturb, I do not want my room cleaned. On our second day we left in a bit of a rush to get to a lunch reservation- I left all my jewelery out plus a stack of cash that I didn't want to bring to the casino. Maybe this is a little reckless on my part but I thought that was what the Do Not Disturb sign was for. Okay, end of rant. Overall, I really liked this hotel - I've stayed at all the high end properties on the strip and even though this one is a ways down from being central strip we didn't really mind - the extra exercise just meant that we could indulge a little more.
3	Perusing Vegas.com one day we noticed that the rates for Vegas were pretty low, since we keep a Vegas bag packed and ready at all times, we decided to take advantage of the rates and booked a stay at THEhotel. I had wanted to stay at Mandalay since it opened so I was really excited about finally getting the opportunity. We got there without any of the confusion some of the other reviewers had, but that could just be because we are Vegas Junkies. The lobby area is beautiful, dimly lit, and the best thing is that it smells fantastic. Like a lot of the newer hotels, they not only have a great ventillation system to filter out all that nasty smokey body odory air, they also pump in a little fragrance just to keep things Downy Fresh. Check in was a breeze and the room was different from most suites we had stayed in as there was an actual door between the bedroom and the living area. It also had a seperate 1/2 bath. We usually always end up with someone else drunkenly passed out in our room so it was nice having the wall, the closed door, and the seperate bath to give us a little privacy cause um were usually drunk too and in Vegas and well we all know what that means!In the end my only beef with this place is the pool. Unfortunately there is no seperate pool for Thehotel guests; you are forced to use the Mandalay pool which is so full of kids you might walk down and wonder if you somehow accidentally woke up in Disneyland. There is one 21 and over pool, with topless ladies no less; but it has a huge cover charge and from the looks of it only a handful of topless chicks. I realize a lot of people are in Vegas to gamble and party all night and therefore could care less about the pool scene but I'm a freak and am actually there to relax by the pool during the day and then party at night so its kind of a selling point for me.
5	We are back for another Valentine's Day in Vegas.   Yay.Who knew going to a conference in Vegas could be so much fun? Luckily, Reid was working the front desk at The Hotel when we checked in.  He took great care of us just like he did the past few years.  We are grateful.We have become regulars at The Hotel because it is beautiful, comfortable, welcoming and wonderful.  It feels like the entire staff is dedicated to making our stay flawless and special.  Too bad every hotel does not have the same commitment to their guests.   They should!
5	My boyfriend extraordinaire took me on a surprise trip to Vegas for Valentine's Day where we had a suite at THEhotel. Good boyfriend :) *pat on head* The hotel was beautiful. Our suite had two bathrooms...one of which we did not discover until the second day. There were a few TVs, bathroom included, with a large flat screen in the living room area complete with a DVD player. You know what that means don't you...BYOP (Bring Your Own Porn) baby!!! YeeeYaya! ;D THEhotel  is a part of Mandalay Bay w/ easy access to its mother ship hotel. You can also reach the Luxor from the indoor walkway. I believe the Excalibur is then connected to the Luxor if you want start of your KNIGHT with the maidens in the castle...but I'm not really sure :P Sorry about the knight pun. I'm sure that was more fun for me than it was for you ;) We experienced excellent service at THEhotel. The staff was all friendly and helpful. There wasn't anything I didn't like about the hotel. However, I will warn you that they will charge $20 to use their gym. Eep! That's like 20 beers if you go to O'Sheas for their 99 cent beer! I don't drink beer though. I saved my $20 to tip the hooker.
4	If you are planning to stay at MB, I would look into this place first.  The decor is ultra modern (the suede-cushioned walls and chill atmosphere), and is a nice break from the typical Italian-marble-travertine decor in most of the places on the strip.My favorite gym I have been to at a hotel on the strip too.  Even if you're staying at MB, walk yo ass through the smoke to THE Hotel's gym.  Free weights up to 100lb (dumbells), smith machine, curl bars (up to 110lbs), new treadmills, and bottled water.  Not to mention the use of the bath house facilities.  Good to sweat out some liquor before you go replace it...
4	What's nice about this hotel is that you don't have to walk through a casino to get checked in and to your room. We had a king suite and it was really nice.  There are 2 bathrooms and one has a huge soaking tub and a tv!  The service is great - check in is fast.  Only reason why I'm not giving it a 5th star is we didn't have complimentary water in the room  (a friend staying at the Luxor even got water) and it would have been nice to have a coffee pot in the room.  I thought the Bellagio did have a coffee pot but I could be remembering wrong.  Otherwise, the room was nicer than Bellagio's but of course the view of the fountains at the Bellagio is certainly a highlight at that hotel.  If I were staying in Vegas for an extended time, I would definitely return to the Hotel as it was nice to have the quieter atmosphere yet be so close to the casino and the action.  We have stayed at many hotels on the Strip and while this one is at the far end, it's my new favorite.
5	I stayed at a series of hotels last summer (The Hotel, Bellagio, Bally's.)  The sad part is that I stayed at all 3 within a span of 1 week.  Yikes! The Hotel was my faveThis is how I rated The Hotel:- 5 stars for the cleanliness and the yummy smell of the flowers as soon as you walk into the lobby.  THe Hotel lobby is separate from the Mandalay lobby so you never get a whiff of cancer inducing cig smoke.- 5 stars for the modern and sleek rooms, large living space, 1.5 bathrooms, and plush bedding- 5 stars for actually labeling the toilet roll "The TP" in case ppl didn't know what it was hahah- 5 stars for the cabana service (we had nonstop water, ice, soda without us asking for them.  The staff was uber attentive)- 3 stars for being at the end of the strip (but with a group of girls we managed to split the cost of the cab rides)It's definitely one of my fav places to stay.  Great suites for bachelorette parties or just partying with your favorite girlfriends.
5	Sexy as hell, you could take a buble bath and watch TV! Also, 2 Separate bathrooms. No one likes to poop with their beloved soundly sleeping 2 feet away!
5	I've stayed at THEhotel on two different occasions.  My most recent trip at THEhotel, I went with a group of friends (there were 8 of us) and we all fit and slept comfortably.  As you've read in previous reviews, every room in THEhotel is at least 750 sq feet with two rooms and a huge bathroom to go along with a smaller bathroom in the living room.  On another trip, it was just me and my girlfriend. We went for our anniversary.  I guess you can say this was a "romantic getaway".  If you're trying to have a romantic trip in Las Vegas, this is one of the 5 hotels i'd recommend (Venetian, Wynn, Bellagio too).  THEbathroom is immaculate. There is a seperate tub and seperate shower.  I took a bubble bath in the tub (Yes, i'm a guy that enjoys bubble baths. Don't judge me!) while watching ESPN on THEtelevision which faces the tub.  Come to think of it, when I took showers, I watched ESPN too.  Aside from THEbathroom, THEbed is one of the most comfortable i've slept in. In the other room, THEdesk makes me feel like an office executive.  Although THEcouch was not comfortable, it looked really cool....kind of like when a girl wears high heels - it might look really cool, but it's not comfortable at all.  Both THEliving room and THEbedroom had a big plasma tv where I watched ESPN, too.I checked in on a Friday or Saturday at around 2pm, and there was a line of about 5 people ahead of me.  5 minutes later, I was checked in. So what i'm trying to say is, there was no wait for check-in.  Check-out ran smoothly as well.  Valet service was quick and prompt.  Also, the bell man delivered our luggage within 10 minutes, and because of his astute service, I took a page out of Macauley Culkin's book in Home Alone 2 and tipped him with a stick of gum.  THEsmell of THEhotel is.......nice? I can't think of the proper descriptive word for its smell, but the place sure did smell good. It's non-smoking, FYI.  I'd stay here again, especially since they give good rates to those that simply sign up for the MGM Players Club Card.  The value for this hotel is amazing.This hotel gets 5 stars, because its luxurious, modern and quaint.  Also, for the dudes, it's right next to the Sports Book at Mandalay Bay. Awesome!
2	Wow! I'm stunned at the high average rating of this place. It found this place mediocre, and quite disappointing.The fellas and I went to Vegas for the weekend and got three suites here. The rooms weren't bad, but they certainly didn't "wow" me with their plush-ness. The worst thing about them was how dark they were. The walls were painted dark grey, and all the interior design was similarly color-themed. No matter how many lights were on, and with all the blinds open, the room was still dreary. The buffet was good. Props for that.The Brazilian BBQ at Rum Jungle was a letdown. See my review of Espetus in San Francisco for what Brazilian BBQ should be. At Rum Jungle, the food was okay, but the experience wasn't what it should have been. Rather than pick your own side dishes from a serve-yourself salad bar, the waiters decided what side dishes were coming, in what quantity, and how fast. Hardly the self-gorging experience Brazilian BBQ should be. Same with the meats. The last straw happened when I went to hit the gym one morning. I walked up and was told "there is a $20 fee for hotel guests to use the gym." My head spun around. That's right, $20 for PAYING GUESTS to lift weights. Call me crazy, but I think that if an activity costs the hotel nothing, it should cost the guest nothing. Outrageous. Wait it gets better. I grudgingly forked over 20 bucks, and thought: this is likely to be the nicest gym I have ever been in. There will probably be strippers handing me my weights. Holy nope. This facility was a POS. I have been in nicer gyms in crappy apartment complexes. The whole place was probably 1000 square feet, with only 400 square feet devoted to weights. The place was lit by very dim fluorescent lights. Flattering. There was no free weight bench press. WTF? Talk about standard equipment! I was pissed the whole time, and I had a shitty workout as a result. I had dropped $250 in the casino that weekend, but that $20 hurt way worse. In the end, I protested to the front desk, and without contest, they reimbursed me my $20, so that was good.Overall, this place is mediocre at best. I will choose to stay somewhere else next time.
3	I have been staying at theHotel since it opened in 2003, and have returned every year at least twice a year.  When it opened there was much to differentiate it from the other properties on the strip - great rooms with separate bed/living rooms, multiple bathrooms with interesting soap (it makes me smell pretty) and very cool, non-casino decor.  You got to be on the Strip without feeling like you were on it.  It also had little touches that made it interesting  - e.g., the flatscreen TVs in the bathroom with a live feed to the Mandalay Bay shark tank (if you spend more than 24 hours in vegas, being able to watch a live feed of a shark tank from your oversized bathtub is more important than you may think).   Sadly, since MGM purchased this property then there has been a noticeable decline in quality.  You get the distinct impression that MGM has decided to let this property (and Mandalay Bay in general) drift while it is busy sinking piles of UAE money into the bloated moneyhole that is CityCenter.  What was once a quiet, cool "boutique" hotel in Vegas that felt like an oasis from the busy, but fun Mandalay Bay seems on a slow, desperate march towards irrelevance.   For example:-  the only place to eat a casual meal in the hotel, theCafe (yes everything is annoyingly labeled with a "the" in front of it, even "theTP") seems to be open only from 9-11 am on alternate Tuesdays instead of its former 24x7 status.  Apparently MGM decided that 5 dollars an hour was way too much to spend on the poor guy slinging eggs on the night shift, and assumed guests of this alleged 5 star hotel just wont figure out that there is not A SINGLE PLACE TO EAT AT NIGHT.  So, after you stop cursing at the food and beverage genius who is responsible for this absurd cost-cutting measure,  you will have to haul yourself over to the atrocious Raffles Cafe at Mandalay Bay where you can wait half an hour with people who are MUCH drunker just to be seated.  Skip this tropical-themed Denny's experience altogether if you can.-  What about room service, you may ask?  Well, when that comes, 50+ minutes after ordering it (seriously, I have ordered it over a dozen times and it has NEVER come in under 50 minutes), you will likely be too tired, hungry or pissed off to do anything but grumble menacingly at the poor schlub who brought it you and who wants nothing more than for you to be so drunk that you dont notice that there is already a delivery fee AND a gratuity included.  I notice, but I tip anyway because this guy is probably earning next to nothing and is likely to be laid off at any minute by THE IDIOT FOOD AND BEVERAGE MANAGER (See above).- Mandalay Place, the poor excuse for a shopping center that sits between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, has degenerated from a relatively fun place full of independent stores and a cool wine bar (RIP, 55 degrees) into a half-empty shell of it former self - now populated with frozen daquiri stands, a Nike Golf store and some places to buy bad jewelery and Ed Hardy shirts.  Aforementioned cool wine bar?  Now an "ice bar" where you get to pay thirty dollars for the privilege of sitting in an overly air conditioned room with a stupid jacket on, just so you can drink Tecate Light and be cold at the same time.   The Burger Bar is, however, fantastic and worth a trip.- The lobby bar, was a quiet, overlooked (even by me, I will admit) place with comfy chairs, funny bartenders and which even had some free, discretely placed pool tables in the back.  Last time I was there they had a guy with a electric piano playing Billy Joel covers (I am not making this up). What am I staying at a fucking Ramada next to the interstate? Did someone in management really think, "What this bar needs is an asshole with an oversized Cognac glass playing bad music from the seventies"?-  The staff is at best inconsistent and at worst, surly and unhelpful.   You can almost hear the eye-roll whenever you call for housekeeping, wake-up call etc.- The took away the shark feed from the TV!  Why, God, why????It's only a matter of time before this place starts offering package deals that include 2 for 1 Tecate Lights (I have no idea why I am fixated on Tecate Light, but hear me out) and free passes to the Renaissance Fair at Excalibur so you can gobble turkey legs with a bachelor party from Enid, Oklahoma.Why do I keep going back you may ask?  Clearly, I am off my meds, but actually it's simple:  the rooms are still the best one bedroom suites in Vegas at a great price point.   They are, as others point out, "true" one bedrooms with a separate bedroom and I have yet to find other one bedroom suites in Vegas with 2 double beds - important for Mancations where you're traveling companion comes back from the strip club with "wandering hands."  Go, but only for the rooms (oh and the Spa, its lovely there)
4	THEhotel at Mandalay Bay is a hotel within a hotel concept mainly geared towards conventioneers, and tourists who want a larger room and who may not want to deal with a casino. The hotel itself is very modern. The common areas include a lobby, bar (with billiard tables), cafe, sundries shop, and MIX a restaurant / lounge on the 64th floor of the tower. Rooms: The standard room at THEhotel is a suite, not in the likes of the fake suites at Palazzo and Venetian but a true suite with a separated living room and bedroom. They run around 725 sq ft and have 1.5 bathrooms. The rooms are a little dated with a tube tv in the bedroom, a 42" plasma in the living room and a 19" lcd in the master bathroom. ProsMore intimate hotel experience. The casino is just a few steps down the hallway, past the Lion King Theatre and the Sports Book. The property is also located near the Mandalay Place retail district that links Mandalay Bay to Luxor. Adjacent to Self-Parking garage. Good deals can be had here for a suite! Cons No direct elevator access to the pool level. Mandalay linking corridor gets a little busy during Lion King performances. Mandalay Bay itself is the furthest South Strip you can go so you will need to walk through Mandalay Place or use the tram to Luxor and Excalibur to get to the rest of the strip. Nightlife isn't that great at Mandalay Bay; closest legitimate nightclub is LAX over at Luxor.
3	ok...so the hotel was nice and stuff...you know...but the thing that pissed me off here was the fact that i specifically reserved a room at the hotel called the "the suite" with 2 queen beds...it was really traffic going there so i called the hotel inform them that we would be arriving around midnight and the dumb ass lady said ok i've noted it blah blah blah...so get this we get there tired as fucking hell and the stupid bitches at the front desk were like oh well we are completley sold out and only have a room with one king...uhhhhh there were six of us...wtf...so yeahs we had to take the dumb ass room and they promised us that they would have one ready for us the next day...fucking shiet...we eventually got the room we reserved after a bunch of hussle and bussle...so anyways wtf is the point of making "reservations" if it wont even be available...ok...yeahs...thats it mans
5	Getting upgraded to a Suite at the Hotel at the Mandalay Bay was a gift from the Gods!!! While it was a hike to get to the gambling and the pool...it was so worth the stay in their wonderful suites.Shout out to the wonderful concierge...Michelle and Rika. The rooms were phenomonal.  Shout out for the suite for having the most comfortable beds and TWO bathrooms!  I just wished it wasn't so far from gambling....but I will be back there again!  Can't wait!FYI - if I wasn't staying there, I never would have met Sam Elliott...super awesome!
4	THEhotel is Mandalay Bay's glossier, dare I say, sluttier and better looking sister. That's probably why they stuck her in out back.Located in the back end of the property I have to say their personal services and overall attention was top. I throughly enjoyed their bathroom ammenities taking full advantage of their soaking tub, soft cotton robe and slippers and indulging in their luxurious toiletries. Weeee! I do have to agree that it was a b*tch to walk through what felt like the entire length of the property to get to say, the pool, or shark reef. Whew.
4	A very special surprise.   Had a suite and didn't want to leave it!!!!Loved it.
4	Decent place to stay in Vegas considering the price was only 100 bucks a night.  I'm told all the rooms are suites and since we brought the kids a suite sounded better than two regular rooms.  The room had two double beds, a spacious bathroom with separate tub and shower and a sitting room with a separate toilet.  I don't know if the sofa had a bed in it but since my wife ordered a roll away mattress I'm thinking not.  Too bad because they charge extra for the roll away.  The room rate was still pretty good thanks to a shitty economy.  Perhaps the price goes up on weekends or in the summer?The place is kind of dark and has a funky, sweet smell to it.  I'm thinking they must continually spray something to cover up the cigarette stench.  There is a wave pool and lazy river for the kids and a nice aquarium you can pay to take the kids to.  Next door is the Luxor with a nice Titanic exhibit and adjacent Bodies exhibit.  Packages are available with discount tickets for all three attractions.  Right now, The Lion King is playing at the Mandalay Bay Hotel but tickets are kind of steep.  For people so inclined there are kiosks all over the place with steeply discounted tickets if you are willing to listen to a timeshare pitch for 2 hours.
4	We stayed here for several nights this week. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect property. Beautifully designed, the suite had 2 rooms, one with 2 queen beds with a TON of closet space and a flat screen TV, a huge master bath with 2 sinks, soaking tub, a shower, a flat panel TV,and a toilet room (my boys were SO excited that there was a phone with 2 lines, and a hold button so that you could, you know, take another call), the second was a living room with a couch and a comfy chair, a desk, a huge flat screen, a dvd player, and a bar with a sink and fridge (well stocked too if you go for the prices- which are Vegas style and never listed anywhere), and a second toilet room in a nice sized entry. Oh and again for the kids- 3 flat screen TVs. The bonus for us was that the couch was big enough for one kid ( a 5'5 er) to sleep on (need extra bedding for it), we ordered a roll away (extra $30 a night- but worth it!), and the third huge kid slept in his own bed in our room. We finally got some piece and quiet on our trip narrowing our sleeping partners down to 1 kid from 3. Whew!The windows on our room overlooked the strip on the 33rd floor, so the kids could sit on the floor and watch the lights go on down the strip. The kids thought that this room was a high roller room, so bonus for us. Although now the bar is set a little higher for our next trip, we won't as easily get away with our inventive cheap digs. We found a great price on expedia. We also appreciated that the hotel was removed from the casino, it was a welcome respite from all the noise and activity. TIP: There is a short cut into the eating area of the casino, go through the doors that lead to the parking garage then cut across to your left and up a bit. It is shocking quick to go this way, although you won't find the non- casino route on any of the maps. We loved it and will definitely stay again when we take the family back.
2	The Hotel as Mandalay Bay was just okay compared with other hotels we've stayed at in Las Vegas.  "The" Hotel....emphasis on the "The" is the way you are supposed to pronounce it.  The room was the nicest part about "The" Hotel.  It was spacious and tastefully decorated.  The bathroom was large and beautiful as well.  They do not provide a built in closet to hang your items.  They brought in a small piece of furniture that you can hang some items in, but it is only for one person....you cannot hang clothing for 2 people or more....it just won't fit....we tried. The Spa was closed while we were there and because we like to use the Spa, we were not happy about this.  The long long walk to the pool (bad signage along the way) was packed.  No problem, but just try and get a chair! You better get there are 9:00 a.m. if you want one.  So, we had to go to the South Lagoon pool.  We did get a chair but it was dirty, old and uncomfortable.  It was noisy as well with helicopters and planes constantly above us.  For all that I had heard about this hotel pool, I was disappointed with how crowded it was.  I also thought that the pool complex would have been much larger.  The $12.00 Mohito was not so great and took a half hour for the waitress to bring.  The Fleur De Lys restaurant that advertised happy hour within the Mandalay Bay complex was falsely advertised.  They advertised complimentary appetizers....didn't put them out until the end of the happy hour and it was only....get this....POPCORN!  Two for one drinks...only a list of about 6 to choose from.....so instead of paying $15.00 you pay $7.50, but they weren't the drinks we wanted.  Have you ever heard of two for one wine for happy hour???? My $16.00 glass of wine didn't even taste good, so they had no chance of us staying on for dinner.  There is too much competition in Las Vegas to try and pull something like this...so to falsely advertise is foolish!  We like the Encore much better and even got a better room rate there.
5	We scored a very cheap promo rate for The Hotel.  Glad we did because we loved this place.  Our room was clean and comfy.  I always thought that the Neopolitan Suite at Flamingo was my favorite room but that has all changed!  Loved the living room with the couch and flat screen tv.  Too bad our view was of the parking lot.  The king bed was super comfy too.  Loved having the gigantic bath tub and tv.  I was able to watch Lost while soaking and using my Lush (Lush store is in Mandalay place!) bath bombs.  So great!  Loved the fact that there was never a line for the elevator and it took less then 5 minutes to go from the room to Mandalay Bay casino.  Awesome place!
4	This hotel is extremely comfortable and modern. I've been here three days, and I feel like this is my HOUSE. I love it here. Most important item - toiletries - above par. Not a famous/national brand, but the scent is intoxicating. I am here with two boys and all three of us are pilfering as much of this stuff as possible. The trek to gambling is just enough to make you think about it before you go. But really, it's not far at all. It's also kind of nice to be in a hotel where you feel more like you're in a normal city rather than in the madness of Vegas. Room service is pretty good - many vegetarian choices and relatively fast service (we ordered at around 2 a.m. and still got food within 45 minutes). Only complaints - spa/fitness center is totally closed right now. Lame! I am not going to go all the way over to the main Mandalay Bay in my gym clothes or swimwear. Also, and this is quite random - it seems to have been designed hastily or poorly in terms of dealing with wind. The noise in our rooms from the wind outside is pretty overwhelming - like wake you up in the middle of the night overwhelming. Near the elevators, the sound is downright scary!
4	This is a great option for those that prefer a hotel without the crowds, casino, and noise. THEhotel is part of the Mandalay Bay and features an all suites configuration. It has its own separate entrance, yet you can easily access the casinos at the main hotel. The standard suites are huge and are reasonably priced when compared to other hotels along the strip. Unlike most Las Vegas hotels, this one was fairly quite - a good thing when you're trying to sleep.One drawback: it is located on the south side of the Strip, far from the cluster of shops, entertainment, and restaurants.
5	Pure luxury. What I really love about this place is the seperation of the Casino and the Hotel.
5	Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous but...dont come here poor. Although its far from the Strip...it was flawless. Upon entering THEHotel, there was a very pleasant scent and everything was spotless and serene...I was almost afraid to speak. Check in was a breeze. Waiting for an elevator could get ridiculous though...Finally entered our room and it was breathtaking....the beds were comforable, the couch was comfortable, the view was incredible, and it was roomy. I really appreciate the architects for building 1 bathroom and a half...very useful if you're travelling with your girlfriends. I am a huge fan of their BATH soap...but dude...its $11 for 3 small bars ugh....Management-I hope you are reading this. Had breakfast downstairs in The Cafe...very good but quite pricey.I've stayed at this hotel 3 times already....if you dont know by now....you need to stay here!
4	THEhotel is awesome - the only thing preventing me from giving it five stars is the location. It's at the very south end of the strip, and it's much further from everything than you would think from looking at a map. Seriously. I thought it would be no big deal to walk from THEhotel to the Wynn during an afternoon of sightseeing... wrong!! It took about two hours just to walk to Caesars, and by that time, we had to turn around to make it back in time for dinner.The room was very spacious and had two separate rooms, a bedroom and a living area. We had one full bathroom and one half bathroom which was very helpful for four girls trying to get ready. The beds were comfortable and our view of the strip was really cool.Mandalay Bay Beach was the best part of the hotel by far! It's a man-made beach, so even if you don't make it out early enough to get a chair, chances are you can find some sand to sit on at least (that's what we did).A lot of people think the MB casino is too smoky, but that wasn't the case at all. We didn't gamble at all, but spent a lot of time walking through the casino and it was pleasant.
4	There is only 1 thing that trumps free booze at a Yelp Event; a free trip to Vegas.  I got to leave the Yelp Atlanta Gilded Age and proceed directly to the City of Sin.I am a somewhat frequent business traveler.  One of the destinations I always look forward to is Las Vegas.  What's not to love?  Everything is legal, even those things that are illegal become legal when you enter Las Vegas airspace (even if they remain illegal they are still legal).Likewise, morality holds not weight in this town.  Morals are frowned upon in Las Vegas.  You want morals, go to the desert.  With that said, THEhotel is a fine place to set up your temporary homestead.As an all-suite hotel your room can comfortably sleep 7 (if you're into the group thing). The large master bath accommodates 3 with ease.  The only knock here is the lack of the additional sink, you will have to make due with simply his and hers sinks (minus the additional hers sink that would otherwise complete the hers/his/hers triumvirate).  The glass enclosed shower is sufficient for at least a standard 42R gentleman and two accompanying size 5 and under companions.  Likewise with the deep tub, similar proportions are easily manageable if a sharp eye is kept on the water levels.  The additional half-bath ensures proper decorum while entertaining.  The ihome system keeps the soundtrack rocking (or grooving during quiet storm hours).  TVs in the living room (complete with DVD), bedroom and bathroom keep you "entertained" when entertainment is required.By now you get the point, this is a fine establishment for reconnecting with ones primal self.Unfortunately for this poor chap, there is nothing that can happen at THEhotel that will remain at THEhotel.  As a somewhat vital guy for a large event our company produces at The Mandalay Bay Resort there are few VIPs on staff at the resort I don't know on a first name basis.  From the head of Security to the head of Housecleaning I literally know them all.  Though I get the ultimate perk in free room and board at the property the lack of extracurricular possibilities will cost them a star!All in all it's like kissing your sister.
5	Beautiful, Beautiful hotel.  Love the lobby, the flowers, the decor, loved staying here...  it was comfortable, like coming home.  It truly feels like you're tucked away from all the Vegas madness, but you're also just close enough to still get into some trouble.I liked everything about my stay here - the separate bathrooms, built-in sound system, fluffy beds, oh, and the comfy slippers and robes (I lived in them while in the room)..  can't wait to come back.
4	My husband and I love MGM Hotels!  We love the service, ammenities and convenience.  We've had some bad experiences and some good ones.  When we first arrived there we valeted our car, no greetings by any other staff...we wanted or bags to be taken off our hands so we can handle everything much more easily.  The bell person who was there at the time was rude and grumpy.  When we got in line to check in at the registration desk we were wonderfully greeted by 2 younger bell staff around our age and made small talk.  The employee at the registration desk was another rude one that we came across...trust me, we are not complainers but it was pretty bad.  Another bad experience was that throughout our stay someone had tried to open our door! Scary! At first we thought it was the house keeping but when we looked through the peep hole, they were gone in an instant.The people that work on the tables are also very unfriendly and an Arabian guy kept bringing up his tips.  On a happier note, everyone else was very nice!!! The suite was clean, we loved the 1 1/2 bathrooms, separate tub and shower, robes and house slippers and all the other ammenities they had to offer.
3	BEAUTIFUL hotel. I love the sleek, modern look of this place for both the room itself and the hotel in general. It's a good contrast from it's sister hotel Mandalay Bay (which is more sunny and colorful), this is more of a cooler, darker look. On decor and service itself, I'd give this place a 4.5.Here's why I ended up giving it a 3- Having a room on a high floor has it's consequences. The music coming from Mix Lounge was so obnoxiously loud that I could hear it from the bathroom, with the door closed. This can either be a bad/doesn't matter thing. On the one hand, it's Vegas so no one sleeps that early anyway ( I think they stopped by 2am. It was a weekday) but on the other, my bf and I had an early flight to catch the next morning so we couldn't fall asleep. It was pretty damn loud.- Our shower smelled like sulfur and it was strong enough that we had to leave the bathroom and close the door. It was bad enough that neither of us would even dare use the shower. The weird thing is the bathtub was completely fine. When we called guest services to complain, we were surprised to hear "we've gotten this complaints from lower floors but not from the high floors." So you're telling me you're aware of this problem and haven't done anything about it? Boo- Dirty stains on the sheets right when we came in. It was the first thing we noticed because it was pretty bigOverall, I think this hotel has one of the nicest decors I've ever seen but those problems really brought the rating down. I will say this though, the hotel staff was very quick to fix our problems (our sheets were changed within 5 minutes) and were very accommodating (they offered us a free night stay for next time, if we ever decided to come back)
4	Stayed here for two nights, rooms are huge and well provisioned with plasmas, dark materials and amazing bedding.  The hotel itself is beautiful, as to be expected with any Vegas big time hotel.  Room service was attentive and quick, the help was fantastic overall.  Their lobby bar is pretty fun as well and their restaurant up on the 68th floor is really good, food rocks but oye vey the help needs...well help.
5	Was here a few weeks ago and I've been coming here since 2004 when it first opened! EASILY The best rooms in Vegas space and value wise  and it's a little bit more low key cause it's on the south part of the strip.  There are 2 starbucks, the eye candy lounge is great, the hob happy hour is ok, the pool is great even though it's next to impossible to get a lounge chair.  I slept on the couch once and didn't even sleep on the bed one night...  had a nice view of the LUXOR pool party and ARIA down the way..  Comfortably sleeps like 5 people.  Hit IT UP!
5	This is the BEST & most luxurious AFFORDABLE Hotel around!   Not much else to say that everyone else hasn't mentioned already.  If you can catch a good deal at this place JUMP ON IT.  Trust me you wont be disappointed at all.  The beds are super nice & the bathrooms are HUGE.  I really don't want to leave the room when I visit this place & that's saying something.
5	This is our second trip to Vegas (first was last year....see my review of the Mirage).  Last year, we did a Southwest Airlines vacation.  This year, we scored a last minute Priceline deal for THEHotel.  Totally last minute Anniversary celebration -- booked it in the morning, drove out from San Diego Monday afternoon.The main reason we picked THEHotel is.....our 3 month old was tagging along, we wanted something that would give us room to stretch out, and we wanted a place that afforded us some good options (since we weren't going to be going up and down the Strip with a 3mo. old!!!).  So we decided on the Mandalay complex...and we are so glad we did.Pluses include:(1) Slightly off Strip.  So if you want something near THEStrip but not right over it, this is a great choice.(2) Entrance can be a bit tricky to find, but once you find it, it's very convenient for parking.  I had to make a late-night baby run to the market, and I was glad I didn't have to make THEHuge trek that other hotels (like the Mirage from last year!) require of you.(3) No casinos.  I realize this might be a *negative* for many but understand that you are pretty close to casinos, if that's your thing.  Since we don't gamble, this was a plus.  It's great not having to do that mandatory walk through THECasino, just to get anywhere in THEHotel...especially when you have a 3 month old!(4) Not sure what makes a 5-star hotel a 5-star hotel....but this was sure close!  Service was excellent.  Lovely, peaceful entrance!  I've seen some reviews with people complaining that THELighting was too dim, but I honestly have no clue what those people are complaining about.(5) We got their late (around midnight).  Upon checking in, I told THEGirl at THEFront that we were celebrating our anniversary.  We didn't get an upgrade, but we did get a room facing the Strip on THE37th floor.  Very nice!(6) Rooms are great!  Having THEExtra space is indeed....suite!!! :D  Especially nice for when THEInfant needed to nap in THERoom, we could still do things out in the living room area....plus use THEBathroom near THEEntrance without ever disturbing him at all.(7) Super nice bathroom.  Probably THENicest we've ever seen in a hotel.  Lovely soaker tub...and even THEShower is perfect for 2!(8) Convenient to all restaurants at Mandalay....and their are some good ones!!Now to the Minuses:(1) Loud video advertisements in THEElevator.  REALLY bad when you have a baby trying to nap...hah!(2) Crowded pool.  If you don't get their in the morning, forget finding a place to camp out.  This is the one place where The Mirage was better -- very nice pool...and not nearly so big of a crowd.(3) If you think THEReview is annoying because of all THEReferences to "the"....well, then you know what to expect in THEHotel.  It gets a bit cheesy after a while!Don't forget about those blasted $15 resort fees.  It's clever how the non-Harrah's do that, allowing them to advertise lower prices and then ding you extra once you're there.  Not a huge deal in the big picture of things, since if they weren't charging you a 'resort fee', they've be charging you extra to stay there anyhow. [Economics 101 people...!]All and all, it's an excellent hotel....and a great deal for $100/night through Priceline.  You probably won't find a nicer, more spacious hotel-suite along the Strip for the price.TIP:  Check Priceline "South Strip" area.  It's an easy bid, as there are no other 5-star hotels that have surfaced yet in that area.  So you know if you are bidding on the 5-star option and your bid gets accepted, you take it to the bank (as of June 2010!!) that it will be THEHotel.
5	THEhotel, THEsuite, THEbathroom... ridiculous names and causes of utter confusion when talking to other people about where you're staying, but this hotel is great in my Vegas book. Stayed here last weekend after always wanting to stay at Mandalay Bay (mainly to have access to their beach). It's slightly higher (10-15%) more expensive than MB prices, but all the rooms are true suites (I believe), meaning separated sleeping and living area. Granted in Vegas, you're not in your room most of the time, but it worked out for us since we had 3 to a room, so 1 person got the couch. NOTE: the couch is not a pull-out sleeper, but it's still long enough for 1 person to crash on. I did that one night, and it wasn't bad. Can't comment on the comfort of the bed actually since I crashed and passed out on it with my feet dangling off the end with my shoes still on the night it was my turn to have it. Friends didn't even bother to put a blanket on me... bastards. Woke up cold in the middle of the night. Since THEhotel is separated from MB, you walk through a nice quiet hall to get to the elevators. I can't tell you how nice it is to separate yourself from the sensory overload of any casino floor when you're headed to your room. Just walking through the hallway is like a nice transformation of the craziness of Vegas to a relaxing retreat, something much needed in Vegas imho. I stayed here 2 nights and then1 night at Mandalay Bay on the same trip and feel the extra price is worth it. One of my new favorite places to stay in Vegas.
4	We decided to try this end of the strip this year and go with The Hotel.The room and property are excellent.The comfort of the room is excellent.The bathrooms were plush and if you want a slower pace but not too far from the action than this is the place.You get bathrobes,Two flat screens,two bathrooms and a nice mini bar as well.The lobby is very nice and the front end folks are very fast and helpful at check in.The trek to the tram from our room was about 10 min and out front to the Deuce stop about 15 so nothing is out of your reach travel wise.I went from my room to the Mirage using the Deuce in under 45 min so location was not an issue.The only reason I only gave it 4 out of 5 was the pool complex.We are use to the party lazy rivers like at MGM so when a guy would blow a whistle at me for having my drink in the pool it kind of sucked.The atmosphere is less party and more family by far at this pool.Oh ya and the wave pool is one wave per minute and not a small batch of waves like I thought.The food spots and bars are cool.Ate at Red white blue and House of Blues all with great food.Tried to have a drink in red square but we were under dressed.There is a bar near the middle of the casino that has a terrible live band but the crowed treating it like it was studio 54 in 1979 more than makes up for it.We missed going up to the top for the MIX club.Make sure you do this.  I think it is free for hotel guests
3	The food is alright, Only place I could find around for a quick bit to eat. I stayed at the Mandala Bay which is next to this place.
4	I had stayed at the Mandalay Bay in the past and was quite happy with those experiences. I found an amazing rate for The Hotel so i had to try it out. I really like the more secluded entrance. The check in process was quick and they make you feel important. The rooms are nice suites. Modern styling adorns the rooms. These are nice rooms. Not to the level of Wynn or Venetian, but only a few steps behind. My only complaint about the room is petty, but it was annoying. The clothes iron was tied to the ironing board. It made it difficult to iron my clothes. This is not a Motel Six, i should not have to fight a security cord on my iron. The Hotel area is a nice separation from the main portion of Mandalay Bay. The area has its own bar, store and amenities. It is nice to have the ability to step away from the mega casino feel for a few minutes.
4	Very modern, clean, and innovative. Nice spacious suites.Away from Mandalay but still walkable to the casino. Has it's own entrance so you don't have to walk far to get in and out of the hotel.A small feature that I thought was cool was the do not disturb sign is  digitally controlled by a button with a light up LED in front.
5	THEhotel really is "the" hotel when it comes to home away from home suites.  They are clean, modern, and inviting.  There are TVs in every space and digital "do not disturb" signs.  The staff was very professional and accommodating the entirety of our stay; and that says a lot for a group of 50+.  Great restaurants, an AMAZING wave pool and beach area and lazy river (tubes are $5 for the day).  There's a stage for outdoor concerts, swanky cabanas to rent, and many lifeguards on duty for everyone's safety.  There is also a special pool for grown-ups that will cost you an extra fee.  There are numerous gyms, some free some not, a bathhouse, salon, multiple Starbucks, and the House of Blues.  If you wanted to never leave the property, conceivably, you could.This is also the hotel that houses the Lion King and the Shark Reef.
3	We stayed in the V-Suite and it was pretty great, but really for $350 a night you can stay at the nugget and get treated like a pimp or stay at one of the hotels on the strip that are closer to the action like Paris. Mandalay bay is great, but it just seemed out of the way and inconvenient. THEhotel is just hotel, nothing happening inside so you have to hoof it do anything interesting. It was beautiful, clean, impressive, blahblahblah...but so are all the other hotels. I need something really awesome to excite me in vegas, this wasnt it.
5	"If you need me I'll be watching CSI from the bathtub." And that's exactly what I did thanks to the nice little TV on the wall in the bathroom. With this all suites hotel connected to Mandalay Bay I was quite pleased when we rolled in. After watching 'The Hangover' 50 times I've had an urge to step up the Vegas game and while we didn't wake up with a tiger in the bathroom I can say this was one of the nicest rooms I've had in my 20+ trips to Vegas. Two sinks in the main bathroom. Very nice shower and the deepest of bathtubs. Two big ass flat screen TVs in the bedroom and living room. Extra bathroom off the living room in case you have a friend who is ready to blow chunks from too much partying. Our view from the 24th floor had me drunkenly staring from the Mandalay pools to the neighboring hotels and off into the hills. Gorgeous. What an amazing stay, I could have slept the rest of my life away in that bed. So comfortable. People say Mandalay Bay is a nice hotel... Next time you hear that just say "Pshhhh, I'll be in THEhotel. Mandalay Bay standard is for chumps." Pretty good episode of CSI too.
5	just not too long ago was i staying in this first class hotelthe accomodations were the best i ever witnessed, hardly any smoker scent. the hotel made a very special offer you could not want to ignore. 120$ for one night, but... the upgrade for another night was the best deal i ever had, my father thought the same thing, 99$ extra for another night. if i had the choice to come back, i probably and most definitely will decide to do sofor my endorsement verdicti feel that the following are reccomendedaccomodations in the room: reccomendedprices: reccomended (unless you are on a budget, then i would not reccomend it to the steerage type of people who have a very tight budget)thier special for those that want 2 nights in a 1st class room:reccomendedand finallyservice:reccomendedbottom line is, the whole hotel stay was worthwhile; with the exception of the pricey room concessions which were not necessary at the moment i was there
2	The rooms are fantastic and very spacious for sure.  But the service for a hotel that is supposed to be amazing is HORRIBLE.  Everything takes WAY too long and the front desk clerks are frighteningly stupid.The concierge was actually quite good - but even her good work cannot make up for the complete lack of ability of every single other staffer at the hotel during my stay.  I was really looking forward to being here because its supposed to be the best.  But from the sub-par bartenders, to the overly incompetent front desk people to the almost laughable restaurant staff, I would say save your money and go anywhere else.  This hotel, despite its outward beauty, is pretty much a complete and total lousy place to stay.
4	Great hotel, good restaurants and a fun pool. Very disappointed that the adult pool has been closed.  It as been a fun tradition since it opened a few years ago.
4	We've stayed here since it first opened. When it first opened, it was state of the art... who doesn't love taking a shower while watching the football game that you've got a bet on in the sports book? Speaking of the sports book.... Still the best on the strip. Mega TVs to watch your sport of choice. The staff is always helpful.... The Hotel is starting to show its age, however. The TVs are dated and the reception on some channels are terrible. The channels are limited, so if your betting on , say, a Dodger game, chances are you wont be watching it.Loyalty wont be rewarded. We've stayed there many times.... A couple of years ago I reserved four suites for several nights..... I've lost thousands gambling.... yet I've never been extended any conciderations.  Meh... who cares.... I still love this place.
5	The pictures are right on.  Wave pool is awesome. Price is not bad. 2 bathrooms is a def plus. There was never a wait in line for a cab.  Room has a huge tv and a dvd player. Definite Top 5 hotel in Vegas and one of my favorite.  Could possibly have put a nicer sofa in the room.
5	This has been one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas! Good prices, great service, huge rooms, its awesome!Loved how it was quiet when you reached the lobby. Even though it is attached to the Mandalay Bay, when you enter, you're surrounded by a quiet, serene atmosphere. No smell of smoke, no clanging of slot machines. Just very, very relaxing and upscale. Our room was gorgeous! One bedroom suite, LARGE bathroom with a big shower stall, seperate toilet, tub, his and her sinks. I love giant bathrooms! They also had a second bathroom, a sitting area, a work area, and a mini wet bar outside the bedroom. Parking is very easy and its right outside THEhotel. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I would definitely stay here again! Welcome to the simple side of luxury!
4	I stayed here this weekend and it was very enjoyable.  Overall, the room is very spacious.  It housed 5 (we snuck a 5th person in the room) very comfortably.  There are 2 queen beds (1 king is optional) in one bedroom and an oversized couch in the living area.  The main bathroom is very large, complete with separate tub and a big walk in shower.  Closet space was more than ample for a weekend trip and wouldn't be an issue for a group of 4 for a week stay.Unfortunately, I didn't spend much time at the pool area, but the little time I spent there, it was really nice.  I can definitely see why people stay at Mandalay just for the pool.  They had large outdoor food areas and a couple stores to buy whatever accessories you may have forgotten.The casino part was very nice.  Even better was that the tables were kind to me this year.  The cocktail waitresses were around quite often, although there was one bad apple in the bunch, but that's ok.  Table minimums are what you'd expect for a casino on the strip.  don't expect Fremont Street minimums.I will write more on places inside the complex, but overall, the whole experience at theHotel was fantastic.
4	Very spacious (700 sq ft) room and 3 people comfortably can stay in one as the 3rd guest can sleep on the couch.  Front desk is courteous and prompt.  Loved the shower.  Bathtub's about 5 ft long.  Here are the lousy parts:  phone in room doesn't work, living room TV doesn't work (even with batteries in the remote), remote for bedroom TV lacked batteries, towels were flaking off fuzzies all over my sister's hair and skin.
5	If you are comparing standard rooms at all the top Vegas hotels I'm not sure if can get better than THEhotel, you can only hope to tie.  I enjoyed it equally with Bellagio and Palms when I stayed there in past years.It is tough to pick clear cut winners with the hotels because they offer so much.  You can look at the gambling floor, shops, restaurants, clubs, the pool and the list goes on.I really enjoyed the wave pool and the sand beach at Mandalay but did have beef that you couldn't rent tubes for the lazy river.  Why would I want to purchase a tube?  You think I'm going to deflate it and pack it in my suitcase to take home?  I will say my interactions with some of the dealers were the best I've had.  I played craps, pai gow, black jack, and roulette and didn't have a complaint about a single person.  In fact, most of the people I would rate above average in friendliness and helpfulness.  Same goes for the pit boss's.  I will say the drink service was a little better than average but not outstanding.  There was one time where it seemed like the wait was a bit long, but I give them credit back because the pit boss admitted we had the worst waitress in the casino (she was a bit rotund which prohibited her from moving at a normal rate of speed).The room was on par or better with other MGM Casino I've stayed at (Mirage, Bellagio, New York New York).Overall, if I HAD to come back here next year I wouldn't complain, but would prefer to keep up my tradition of not staying anywhere twice.  One day if that becomes impossible, THEhotel will be on the top of my list for the second go around.
5	I stayed here last week for about 5days and it was heaven in a hotel, they give you a robe and slippers!!!. The lobby room as well as the bars inside are super modern and the entire staff are friendly. I love how when you check in they deliver your bags to your room, I'm sure that's probably common, but I still love that! Oh yeah when I checked in they gave me complimentary drink tickets which worked with most of their bars inside the hotel! I stayed in a double queen room suite and boy was the room spacious. The furniture to the beds and paintings were all up to date and classy. The bathroom was unbelievable. It had a his and hers sinks as well as a separate shower and spacious bath tube. Did I mention it had a TV in it? Oh yeah and if you haven't read from other post's these rooms come with 1.5 bathrooms! Aside from the master bathroom there is another one when you first walk in!Also the radio/alarm clock had an iPod holder so I got to play my iTouch in my room, felt like I was at home. They really accommodate with people very well! Only downside room service food took almost an hour....I mean when your drunk and hungry the last thing you want to do is wait for food! Lastly the pool is really beautiful, it's like a beach and has a wave pool.As for the spa bathouse, I was super lucky to have scored a discount with our hotel package...I got an amazing massage and pedi for a reasonable discounted cost! Plus the spa is open to use all day when you book a service and they have great amenities (fresh juice, bobby pins, hair ties, hairspray, razors ect)If your looking for a peaceful, modern, and comfortable hotel then I recommend this place. It's connected to Mandalay Bay which is connected to Luxor which is connected to  Excalibur, it's not close near everything lively, but it's Vegas and everything's accessible with a taxi!NOTE TO PEOPLE WHO TRAVEL I GOT AN EXCELLENT DEAL BY SEARCHING AROUND....CHECK OUT RETAILMENOT.COM FOR HOTEL DISCOUNTS (they have discounts for everything basically)
3	First time in Vegas and stayed at this spot... I am going to make a few points about specific things, but I have to say, the money gouging was so pervasive it kind of made me bitter by the end of our stay... 10 things you should know about this place: 1. Good deal on a nice clean room - really nice rooms actually. 2. No coffee maker in the room.. do they want a bear stumbling around the halls in the mornings? Please. 3. Pools were nice - very crowded and the servers were few and far in between so you had to wait an hour for a $12 marg. Hmf... 4. Shark Reef was really neat even for us half cut adults. 5. Red White and Blue food sucked 6. Raffles cafe - nice food - HUGE quantities 7. Buffet (can't remember the name of it) was less than exciting for $27 8. Casino was smokey and sad (but I always find casinos sad) 9. House of Blues was cool and I can't remember my meal at all.. that was about the evening not the food. 10. Red Square - didn't eat there but man was it beautiful I now can say I have been to Vegas, but unless there is a really close friend getting married or something.. I won't be back. I certainly wouldn't consider bringing my kids.
4	Fabulous.  Big, clean, comfortable 2 room suite with 1.5 baths.   Bedroom:  Floor to ceiling windows, 42" plasma, wonderful bed and linens, lots of storage, ihome dock nice chenille robes and slippers.  Special mention for housekeeping - the rooms were SPOTLESSLY CLEAN and the extra pillows and fridg I requested were delivered promptly and with a smile.   Bathroom: BIG.  European shower, deep tub, tv, double sinks, separate WC, lots of high quality toiletries. Living Room: Nice.  Sofa, 2 chairs, 50" plasma, desk and wetbar.  CLEAN and in good order, hear me Venetian/Palazzo?  No stained, ripped furniture here.   Half bath:  Well, it's, you know, a half bath.   We arrived very late from the east coast.  No king room at MB, so we were offered Thehotel.  Sold.  Especially since we don't pay for our rooms (clearly we're degenerate gamblers, whatEVER)  Anyway, very pleasantly surprised by a great suite and great service.  It's quiet over there, no wait for elevators, nice coffee place just downstairs and a quick walk to the casino.   Speaking of the casino, I know I've beat it to death, but the video poker here just plain sucks.  MB is one of our favorite hotels on the strip for a lot of reasons, none of which include the gambling.  The casino is spacious and beautiful, the cocktail service is great, and I know strip casinos aren't known for good VP, but this has some of the worst VP in all of Las Vegas.   Conclusion:  Thehotel is great.  MB has great restaurants, great customer service, and we all know the pool complex is amazing.  So do what we do: stay here, play elsewhere!
4	I stayed at THEhotel about a week ago, everything that other reviewers that loved this hotel say is true. The only thing that would have pushed this resort over the top is if they would have equipped the units with at least a dorm fridge, microwave and some kind of stove (electric or not). The beds NEED to be bigger, the bed quality was great, sheets were the best, pillows were great, i don't see two 6 foot grown adults or "big" people sleeping comfortably in that small queen size bed. Other than that, INCREDIBLY luxurious, the bathtub is HUGE, my son used it as a pool (yes that big). It actually has a desk full with note pads, pens, lamp, the whole deal, unnecessary but nice. Room service came every day, not like in other hotels where they come and clean one time whether you're staying a day or a week.  The pool was PACKED with people like sardines in a small can, we had to find a piece of concrete with some kind of shade for the hour or so we where there, we did go during high season on a concert weekend.
5	I love this hotel!  I think it's my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I've stayed at quite a few including MGM, Bellagio, Mirage, Palms Place, and the Four Seasons.  For a weekend of partying it's my favorite.  If I want peace and quiet I'll take the Four Seasons or Palms Place.  It's really modern, relatively inexpensive for my tastes,  separate bedroom, and 1 1/2 bath.  That's really convenient when one of my cheap friends needs a place to crash and I don't want to be disturbed.  Hey it's Vegas, you never know when you may have an unexpected overnight guest.
4	Showing its age but still nicer than most on the Strip. This used to be my go to hotel before the Wynn, Encore and Palazzo hit the scene. Sadly, it's really not as nice as it once was, but the good news is that this could easily be resolved by a hundred million dollar makeover and some staff retraining.Staff is inconsistent but I think overall good. The rooms are nice, but they just can't compete with the newness and more modern features offered by the newer mega hotels.That all said, whenever I need to be at this end of the strip, I choose The Hotel. It's nicer than the Four Seasons, which is saying something, offers spacious rooms, nice layouts of the suites and access to that killer Mandalay Bay pool.Shop your prices as the same room can cost anywhere from $100 to $200 or more per night on the same night. They e-mail specials frequently but I found them to be pretty useless as the rooms advertised in the specials are seldom available at the rates advertised.Again, I choose this place over all the other options whenever I need to be on this end of the strip and I think it's a good option. I wrestled with three to four stars and decided on four.
4	Very nice hotel with nice rooms.  Tipped the front desk clerk and was upgraded to a corner suite.  I guess the one issue I have is if they charge you a $15 resort fee, they should provided you with bottled water and free access to the fitness center.
1	This is our third day here and we've received room service once.  And when they did come service the room, all they did was make the beds, they did not touch the bathroom.  Consequently, we had to call for towels, it took three phone calls to Housekeeping to receive them.Also, the hallway smells really bad, haven't figured out what the smell is yet.We're here for another night so hopefully things will improve.
5	I love staying at THEhotel. It is my most favorite place to stay on the LV Strip. I mean the room is spacious, its like a mini apartment. Two bathrooms, spacious living room, bedrooms and bathroom is heaven! I try to stay here as often as possible, provided I can afford it. Sometimes I have been lucky enough to get upgraded to one of these rooms and believe me, I am always in heaven when that happens. IF you get a chance to stay here, you will not be disappointed. Yes it is a hike to get to the casino, the beach area, the restaurants, but it is well worth it!
4	I stayed here for my 21st in a suite for absolutely free thanks to a sick hook up from my dad's neighbor. THEhotel is classy, modern, and just a very great hotel. The bathrooms are baller status and the beds very comfy.Only bad thing is that it's located at the very front of The Strip, so you're kinda isolated from all the action. The tram service that connects to Excalibur and Luxor helps a bit, though.In all, I recommend THEhotel!
5	THEhotel just feels different.  It feels like you are not in a hotel on the strip, but actually are.  It feels secluded from the noise and traffic, but it's actually right there in the middle of it.  Everything from the parking lot, to the lobby, to the rooms doesn't feel like Vegas, but in a very good way (unlike Aria, which I do not like).  Just a couple of steps and you are right in the middle of all the fun.The rooms are really nice with a separate bedroom and living area.  The bathroom is large and spacious, more so than other nice, high end hotels on the strip.  For example, THEhotel's bathroom is larger than Aria's but on par with Venetian's if I remember right.  I particularly like the entrance to the hotel.  The lobby area is dark and feels as if you are entering a private hotel that is exclusive to only you.  THEhotel shares the same casino with Mandalay Bay as they are one so you can move between the two easily.I'm glad my friends decided to stay here because I would've never known to book a room here on my own.
5	Came here for my 21st birthday & stayed in the V suite. It was verrrry swanky. Roomy. Big windows overlooking the Luxor. Thick, sun-blocking curtains. Modern furniture, sophisticated and super classy. Spacious drawers and closets, big mirrors, two big screen TVs.+1 for the big jacuzzi and the very spacious bathroom+1 for the biggest, comfy-est beds that you will ever sleep in! Really warm comforters.+1 for the room service who brought me an extra fold-away bed for an extra guest for free! They also did a quick clean-up and left me extra towels.+1 for the smoothies by the pool, and the beautiful sand beach+1 for the Aquarium & the House of Blues downstairs for their location and adding to the overall experience.I really wish I could have tried out the spa! That would have been absolute icing on the cake ;)This really is as good as it gets. I couldn't have asked for more!
4	THEhotel provides nice little touches to room to enhance your stay.Every room comes a standard suite with a separate living room complete with couch, tv, desk and mini bar.  It even has 1 1/2 bathrooms!There is a tv in the main bathroom, a phone by the toilet (which I hope no one uses) and an amazing bathtub that can easily fit a family of 4.Now if only I could insert the beds from Aria into THEhotel rooms, I would be set.Nice because you can actually stay in THEhotel and Mandalay all day and not every step foot outside because everything you could want is right at your door.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE The Hotel!It's a little off the strip, but I never feel the need to leave the premises when I stay here.MY ONLY Complaint you ask...No Free coffee in the room!C'MON NOW!  Every hotel has a coffee maker in the room that you can take advantage of for free!  I thought that was a little tacky on the hotels behalf.Especially for the price you pay to stay there...the LEAST you can do is allow your guests to enjoy a complimentary cup of joe in the morning.
4	lol nice view up here! third time here but still love it :D going for the nightlife now lol XD !!!! posting pics of view from the suite after 10 pm
4	Everything was very classy, very nice. The Mandalay Bay wave pool is excellent and I had a lot of fun hanging out there. My only complaint--which you can see from some of the posted photos--is that green light that filters in. I assume it is from the filters on the windows--I assume they are blocking out heat while letting in light. The awkwardly bright green light when the sun was on our windows hurt my eyes a bit and my eyes had difficulty adjusting for many hours. The room just seemed really strange looking in that olive light. At night with the lights inside on, the hotel is beautiful. I wish I could live there.
4	I have stayed in so many hotels in vegas and by far for the money you will not find a better hotel room for $220 on a Saturday night. This room was a one bedroom with two flat screens, a 19inch tv in the restroom, a mini bar a restroom big enough for 20 people, shower and deep tub and  even a second restroom. You could have your own party here and could sleep 4-5 if you had to. Its always a speedy check in and out even when there is a line with 15-20 people. This is the only room I have stayed in for under $250 per night and I actually felt like I was in a fancy upscale suite. These are really cool rooms.
4	I recently spend a grand old weekend in Vegas for my birthday with a few girlfriends. I was left in charge of finding and booking the place to stay..so I was feeling a little bit of pressure since I always talk about how much a read and review things... I finally choose THEhotel. It seemed to be the most upscale for not as steep of a price as the Bellaggio and Caesars. Having a suite is almost perfect so after weeks of reading reviews and asking people on Twitter, THEhotel it was. I stayed in "THEsuite" and was very happy with the room and hotel. Ladies this is the perfect room to get if there are a few ladies staying together. I swore that the room was designed by a woman, there were just too many little things that we noticed and appreciated that we felt there was no way a man could have designed it. First off, the additional half bath is perfect and the double sinks and ample storage space in the bathroom make you feel very at home...at home in luxurious home that is. There was even separate closets where we both were able to unpack all our dresses and shoes and have our own space, very nicely done. The beds are very comfortable and the concierge is completely helpful in suggestions and helping with bookings or questions, I called them a million times and every time I was greeted and helped so well. I love the door bell on the rooms, call me silly but I just it made everything seem more at home. There were a few things I noticed that frustrated me, but not too much to where I would not stay again. Upon check in there was no "nonsmoking" rooms left even though I booked online and called to make sure the reservation said no smoking. The staff told us we could move the next day, but by then all my stuff was unpacked and I had bigger fish to fry. Second, after coming in a 6 or 7 like the usual in Vegas, I really really need coffee; I understand some people have money and don't pay attention to the prices but $6 for a cup of coffee in the room? I just couldn't do it. Coffee should always be free everywhere. Third, I wish there was a mini fridge in the room for personal use and not just holding the $15 drinks. Overall, I will probably always stay here. Great housekeeping and room service (the nachos have like 4 blocks of cheese on them watch out!) the rooms are amazing and we got lots of compliments on it from visitors. It being attached to Mandalay bay is great, so you can get the best of both worlds, a nice luxury hotel but you can also walk to gaming and bars in a flash. If you have a few extra bucks I would encourage the splurge for THEhotel.
3	Decent place to stay in. Decent food and good service.
3	Definitely one of the better hotels on the strip.  It was one of the first to go with the "ultra-modern luxury" design. Only thing I miss is the bowls of free wood matches in the lobby...  It's really the little things you know.But of course, THE hotel is part of mandalay bay, which is just the very start of the strip.  And the Mandalay bay isn't all that great compared to some others, especially with it bordering nothing on one side and the Luxor on the other.  OH and dont get me started on the Luxor...But, for the price, an amazing hotel.  As good as anything in City Center, I'd say.
4	I made a last-minute trip to Vegas with my family a few weeks ago, and THEhotel gave us a great rate for 3 suites, which included late checkout, $100 spa credit and an all-day buffet pass.  The associate over the phone also honored an expired discount code, which was very nice of them.  This hotel is attached to the Mandalay Bay but is a little nicer and has a more boutique feel.  The lobby is very chic, and the rooms are large.  The standard THEsuite is a true suite in that it has a separate living room and bedroom.  It can also easily sleep 4.  Some of the cons were the generic toiletries, no free coffee in the room and a slow valet, but these were minor issues given the price we paid.  As for the Mandalay itself, the hotel has seen better days, but we still had a great time here.  We spent a lot of time gambling at the blackjack tables and all of the dealers were extremely friendly.  Many also remembered us and greeted us by name over the course of the weekend. At the end of our stay, our food bill  and one night's stay were comped by the hotel, so that made it even better.  Overall, THEhotel is a great alternative to some of the other bigger, 4-5 star hotels on the strip, and I would definitely return.
4	I like this hotel for two reasons: Mix Lounge on the 64th floor (amazing views) and Fleur by Hubert Keller, the french tapas place (delicious). I haven't stayed here so I can't comment on the rooms, but if you're looking for a place to stay, you'll be definitely be surrounded by good places to hang out and eat.
4	so this is where the sexy ladys stay...
4	Love this place,  and try to stay here when I visit vegas,  especially when I get it comped...   Awesome suites,  nice bedrooms,  nice bathrooms,  nice living area,  TV's are a bit dated,  that,  and a far walk to the MB casino being the only downside...  like the out of the way entrance/exit also...  Mix and and Burger bar are two excellent spots on the property,  so I only leave to go out at night,   MB/ TheHotel not being such a big nightclub hotel...
5	loved this place.we stayed there and the staff was so nice. we checked it and the room was a bit smoky--we had vIP room and we went downstairs and walllah they not only gave us an upgrade with smiles they were super nicethe rooms are amazing---just the best best.decors in the lobby great and just best best best--views delicious--super clean--super classy--
4	Stayed here for 3 nights, and I would say the hotel was excellent.During check-in, I was upgraded to a corner V-Suite. The room was beautiful! It was very, very spacious, and the view was incredible. Both the living room and the bed room had nice flat-screen TVs. Even the bathroom had a small TV. The bathroom was also very spacious and the tub was very nice.I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. I've stayed at a few different hotels in Vegas, and I would rate THEhotel, just slightly below the Venetian. However the V-Suite room that we had at THEhotel is bigger and has a separate bedroom (which Venetian doesn't have).The staff at this hotel was also very helpful. Overall, this was a very nice hotel.
4	4.5 stars....the only reason it's not a solid 5 is because of the handicap accessible bathrooms.  We were given the option of a King bed with a handi bathroom or 2 Doubles with a "regular" bathroom.  We're married, we always opt for a King.  OMG the handi accessible is horrible!!  Get the 2 Doubles instead!This is the 2nd time we've stayed at THE Hotel.  Love it!  It is a little piece of peace within walking distance of Vegas.  The staff of the hotel are amazing......friendly and helpful. 5 Stars.  And it smells good!
4	This is my go-to Hotel in Las Vegas. The suites are big and have 2 bathrooms. Nicely furnished in a subdued neutral color palette.I'm surprised I forgot to review this place before--have stayed here so many times! It is nice to be close to Mandalay for the Sports Book or convention but I like that THEhotel is quiet. The Mandalay Beach & Spa are great and I use them every time I stay there.
4	I stayed here with my brother and my boyfriend for my 21st and my bf's 30th birthdays. We wanted to stay somewhere near to HardRock since that's where we would be partying at. TheHotel was a perfect choice since it's just a couple turns down the road. The local discount that Mandalay Bay was running at the time is what got me to chose this hotel. We paid $145 for THEsuite, which is 725 sq. ft with a living area and a 1/2 bathroom (great price for a Saturday)! It even included $25 dining credit, 2 passes to Mix, and bogo for the aquarium. This definitely appealed to me since I was expecting my two sisters to join us, making a total of 5 people (2 couples on the queen beds and a single on the couch). It's pretty hard to find a room on the strip that can fit that many people without having to pay for an adjoining room. We did, however, have to pay a $20 resort fee, which gives you these benefits: in-room wireless internet, cardio center access, daily newspaper, local and 800-number calls, outgoing faxes, boarding pass printing, plus a coupon good for 2 free well drinks per room per stay at select casino bars. It does sound like a lot, but come on, who really uses these "benefits." Definitely not me, especially when I only booked this room so I'd have a place to pass out in after a night of drinking and partying. When I entered the room, a huge smile came across my face. This room was gorgeous and oh so roomy! The colors are nice and dark, which makes it look very sheek. The beds are so comfy! It was fun to be able to jump from one bed to the other, over and over again! The bathroom was nice, not too crazy or anything. The shower looked a lot more appealing than the bathtub. It was so spacious, with a rain shower head and glass walls. Unfortunately I didn't get to try it out, since half the time we were in such a rush. But I did get to bag all the little toiletries like the shampoo, body balm, soap, and body wash. They even had shoe polish and a sewing kit! I scored big in this room! Yes yes, I know I'm a little ghetto...A little while after arriving, I noticed my brother screwing around with the goodies at the bar. He picked up the M&Ms and a coffee cup and I kind of freaked out a little! The menu says those are about 10 bucks each or something. I could be wrong, but we all know that shizz is expensive. There was also a little note by the tray that said it has a motion censor and anything picked up will automatically be charged! I showed that to my bro and he felt kinda bad. Then he started picking up the tray to figure out how this "motion" detector works. There's absolutely nothing underneath or around it and it feels like a solid piece of wood. We ended up not being charged for anything at all, so that snack bar is a little questionable. However, I did find it a little amusing that they had a "LoveKit." I'm sure it just had some lube, condoms, and maybe wet wipes? All your basic necessities for a whopping 30 bucks!I guess my only two complaints are the resort fee and the quality of the tv. When I woke up in the morning, I turned on the tv and boy did that shizz have the worst resolution! It wasn't that big of a deal though, since I didn't stay there to watch tv all day. All in all, I'd love to stay here again and I highly recommend it! Very beautiful, spacious, and comfy room.
3	More like 3.5 stars, but you'll get the picture.  THEhotel (besides being kind of obnoxious to say) is a gorgeous hotel.  Stylish and chic--as a lot of other people have pointed out.  Nothing outdated here, so far as I could tell.  The suite was roomy, the bed was incredibly comfortable, and we loved having the extra bathroom/TVs, etc. The clientele was generally young/trendy and attractive, or this is at least the clientele THEhotel is trying to target--we'll have to go back when the pools are open and the weather is warmer to check out the pool scene at Mandalay Bay.  Service was generally good.  The $18/day resort fee was painful, especially because it included things like newspapers that you have to specifically request, spotty internet service, and the ability to use a gym with no weight room (access to the weight room costs an extra $15.)  Location is basically the Mandalay Bay, so you're on the edge of the Strip, and will need to either cab, limo, drive, or build in a lot of time to walk.  We walked during the day to the strip (taking advantage of the shuttle that gets you to the Excalibur) but generally cabbed it at night.  It's only a $10 cab ride to the center/other side of the strip, so not too bad.  Within THEhotel, there's no casino but it's connected by a short hallway to the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino, which is huge, and has tons of restaurants, bars, etc. Hint: there are a couple of nice pool tables hidden back near the lounge near the front desk.  It's a great diversion if you're looking to spend some time away from the tables. I would probably recommend staying here in the summer, given the reviews I've seen for the pool next door.  In the winter, it's not quite worth being so far off the strip, when you have similarly trendy options like the Cosmopolitan or Aria that are right in the center of things.
4	Another great "mini" hotel located in the Mandalay Bay resort.  Oddly enough, I've had the opportunity to stay at both THEhotel and the Four Seasons here, but not at Mandalay Bay itself. I am not anxious, however, to remedy that.  One of the disadvantages of large hotels is dealing with the crowds. No, thank you. I'm already going to have to deal with it when I go out or go shopping, and I dont want to subject myself to that any more than necessary.This hotel consists of all suites, decorated in a darker, modern palette of browns and creams.  I stayed in a one bedroom suite; there was a king bed in the bedroom and a spacious living area.  There is a restaurant in the lobby (dont recall the name), that serves brunch, lunch, and dinner.  The hotel uses the same Mandalay Bay pool area, which was a bit of a dissapointment. I had hoped that (like the Four Seasons), that THEhotel would have its own, separate pool area. Just another way to feel exclusive =).THEhotel is definitely a younger, sexier counterpart to the more elegant Four Seasons located nearby.  I would recommend either of these places over Mandalay Bay itself.
5	Thanks to my coworkers recommendations, I discovered THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. What's with all these hotels having some other little different thing on the side, calling it different or almost the same, and confusing the crap out of visitors?I already love Mandalay Bay. Despite the fact that it connects to Luxor (.... yay) and Excalibur (imo I liked it better than Luxor at least), I just enjoy how many fooderies are in here and how much there is to do. I am not a gambler, so the fact that the minimum is $10 at night and $15 - 25 during the day really doesn't bother me too much. Some of my favorite Michelin Stars are here so I'm totally game.The rooms are PLUSH. I literally mean it feels like going into a cloud. Everything is so puffy and so soft and you can basically fall into everything, almost the floor, and be completely comfortably cushioned by this cloud of plush. I think if not for a good deal of course I would probably end up at Paris or Treasure Island where I like the beds equally as well, but this is slowly becoming my favorite getaway in Vegas, even above the hugigantic suites of the Venetian and Palazzo.
5	Found this place by accident..glad we did. Had originally booked mandalay bay but wandered into THEhotel checkin booth. The clerk asked if we wanted to stay there for an additional 40 we figured well give it a try. No dissapointments here. Its spacious rooms, seperate bedroom /living quarters n spacious bathroom. Will definetly stay again if were not at palazzo or venetian
5	This all-suite property is one of my favorite on the strip.  There's no casino in the building.  However, its attached to Mandalay Bay so you never have to step out of the resort to gamble.  The lobby looks sterile and unwelcoming.  The elevator towers can sometimes be confusing.  Despite all this, the guest rooms will make you quickly forget all that.I've been lucky enough to stay here for two separate occasions.  The first time was in a regular suite, while the other was in their H suite.**** The Suite****If you don't like contemporary rooms, this is not the place for you.  It's like straight out of a Cantoni showroom... sleek wood, earth tone furniture dominate the elegant theme of the room.   This 725 sq ft suite has an actual living area that's closed off from the bedroom.  Bathrooms are adorned in black marble and white granite w/ separate shower and bath tub.  Great thing about the master bathroom is the small 15" television.  "Master"?  That means there's a guest one outside in the living area as well.  Another plus about the suite are two 42" plasmas.  SWEET!  Best thing about this particular visit... it was comped by the casino.  Actually paid for it in losses at the table, never-the-less, did not have to pay.****The H Suite****These are their largest suites, nearly 1700 sq ft large.  Heck, its a bit bigger then my very own home.  This affordable penthouse suite is PIMP!  Total of three 42" Plasmas.  Two in the Master Bedroom and one out in the living room.  There's a DVD Player, that's connected to the ceiling speaker system.  The speakers run throughout the suite, with master control for a complete surround sound effect.  Inside the Master Bedroom is an added parlor for a large living area w/in your bedroom.  The spacious living room has a dining area and bar.  The bathroom has two vanities, steam shower, toilet and bidet, large bath tub w/ a small television.  There are large screens next to the tub which you can open or close and have your very own private voyeurism from the bed.  One downside was when I held a party here and we cranked the sound system loud.  Twice hotel security had to knock on my door.  They said if it occurred again, all my guests would be kicked out.  Party poopers.   Guess the walls are not insulated enough.
4	If you walk into this place from the bright sun...it may take a moment for your eyes to adjust. Its a very low lit subtle environment but once you get used to it you realize that its also just a small addition to the Mandalay. Service is top notch and the rooms are great. Comfortable beds and the suites have plenty of room. I have to say that I ended up spending little time in the living room area as it was set up. The hotel has a lobby bar (with pool table!) which was nice but the bar tenders seemed like they had better things they could have been doing with their time. There's a place to grab a snack, a restaurant and then Mix. Mix is the place to go if you have the time/money. Mandalay is a short walk from the elevators and still felt like you were part of the action there and not separated  as some other Hotels such as Planet Hollywood and the PH Towers make you feel (you have to walk about 10 minutes from the Towers to get to the PH Casino).  I definitely stay here again as I would be happy not leaving the hotel.
4	We came to Vegas and stayed here for the first time.  Pros:1. Elegant2. Modern3. Big rooms (We stayed in the suite)4. Close proximity to the casino and bars/restaurants5. Big bathrooms 6. Great staffCons:1. The casino (Mandalay Bay) was pretty bright and intense.  I preferred the Luxor's laid back atmosphere much more, but the good thing is that the casinos are attached. 2. They were a little slow with the housekeeping / room serviceOverall, a great place to stay.  We usually stay at the Venetian, but this place held its own for half the price. I am definitely staying here next time.
5	I stayed here for my Vegas trip. I would def stay here again. I got the suite with a separate living room space and separate bedroom. Bathroom was huge with nice showers and granite everywhere.I also won a couple hundred in their roulette tables so yay!2 negatives:1. there are no vent fans in the bathroom. Just sayin...2. the irons are the WORST IRONS EVER. EVER. It does not steam. It does not iron clothes. I've stayed in POS hotels that have better irons.
3	I was here in post-Christmas December 2010 and put a lot of things in my body, said a lot of things out of my mouth, and let yet other things hang out of my mouth in here with little to no care. We had a view of the Luxor next door, and an ok view of the strip. Room was about $130 for a King bed, fairly large and hospitable bathroom and separated living room if you wanted to segregate business and ...well, sleep.The lobby is appetizing and gives you a fair prelude of what you'll have in the rooms, but alas, I still find it a letdown that flat screen TVs are still not the norm in Vegas. But to THEhotel's credit, there is a flat screen, 14"-ish, TV in the restroom so that you could watch from the bathtub, which unfortunately has no jets.The suite will make you feel like you got a good deal in Vegas, but that you're still missing out on some key throw-ins that should be part of any no-holds-barred sojourn of hedonism in LV---jets in a bathtub, comps for at least a day to a resort, FLAT SCREENED TVs, and slightly sleeker furniture. When your furniture itches your skin a bit, you know you've probably skimmed a little too much and should reassess why you came to Vegas in the first place.This up and coming hotel can't compete (except for with location) against the Palms, where your bathroom will be fit for the sultan of Brunei and prices for rooms at heights above the 50th floor are comparable if not $10 cheaper. If you have to have the strip, this is a good place to experiment with.
4	I went at the end of February for 2 nights and 3 days.  Only paid about $300 for both nights (weekends).  Great price.Pros:-Room: Very spacious.  The bathroom was huge.  It had a very nice large tub where you can fit two people comfortably and also a shower next to it.  Room service was great but it I was on hold for at least 5 minutes to request extra towels.  Other than that, they delivered it within a good time frame.  The bed was very comfortable.  -Spa: We went to the spa on the second floor and it was beautiful in there.  They had three jacuzzi (cold, warm and hot water), dry sauna, and two steam sauna.  You also got free beverages, robes, and towels.  The cost was only $25 for the entire day.  Extremely relaxing after a long day.  -Service: Taxi was on time as always.  The bellman was extremely nice and gave us some tips about taxi & bus.  Cons:-Room: The lighting wasn't great.  The room itself was dark so when us girls had to apply makeup, the only place we could have done it is in the bathroom because the bedroom and living room was so dim.  Some of the lights in our room was out also.  Not only, the shower head wasn't clean, you can see a lot of dust there.-Spa: It closed at 8pm =(
4	I was here a week before Christmas in 2008. The room was BEAUTIFUL. I can't remember which kind of suite (V suite perhaps?) I was in but it was definitely very spacious, fancy, and the best part was the bathroom. Huge hot tub plus a separate shower stall. We had an amazing view from the bedroom. I can't say much more since we didn't spend much time in our hotel. But the restaurant down at the lobby was delicious.
4	62 Floor Penthouse room was amazing...food awesome....getting my wife's pocketbook stolen with your license put a damper...when we found out that 3 cell phones were stolen from Eye Candy lounge had been reported in the last 7 days we wondered WHY?  It is so dark in there..that is why...While leaving a guy screamed at me "Someone just stole 5k from me in"  Needless to say be careful...Professional thieves stalk these areas knowing conventions and easy going folks frequent these high end hotels...overall enjoyed the experience and staff.....
4	all suite hotelvery  "W" typeParking lot right in front of lobbyno casino
3	Room was very nicely furnished.  I had two complaints.  Gorgeous Flat screen tvs but very few channels to watch.  No Bravo etc.We heard weird music late evening.  Husband thinks it was coming through AC vents.  Wasn't really loud but when you pay that much for a really nice room you don't expect noise to be an issue
5	Amazing place to stay... Great suites!!! Very modern!!!
5	THEhotel appeals to me, because it does not have a casino. YET- we can easily walk through THEshop and dining area to enter the casino in Mandalay Bay. We also have access to all the amenities available to Mandalay Bay guests THEstaff I was very impressed with THEstaff. They were very polite and professional. My husband and I booked for a Saturday night stay. Our arrival time was earlier than expected so I called to make sure that we have access to a nonsmoking suite at noon. I was tired from our long trip, but THEstaff were very professional, nice, and helpful. Check-in was very fast and easy with no line. I was surprised to receive a complimentary upgrade to a strip-view suite, which was an added bonus. THEhotel THEhotel, itself, is chic with contemporary artwork and architect. THElobby is dark, peaceful, and quiet with a grand centerpiece of dreamy splash of white tulips and calla lilies. THEsuite is very clean and free of stains on sheets as I did my usual checkup. I saw some small dents on the walls, doors, and furniture, but those of typical markings from people shuttle in and out of this suite. The televisions in the living room and bedroom are the older, boxy type; I don't mind as I did not come to Vegas to watch tv. The strip view from our 37th-floor suite was SPECTACULAR with the tip of Luxor pyramid light in front of us. I was pleasantly surprised that the curtains in our bedroom are truly curtains as the room turned completely dark when I closed them before we slumber. My husband and I are not big gamblers, but we enjoy the shows and the Vegas environment as mini-getaways from our home and work in Southern California. We typically stayed at 4/5-stars hotels including the Silverton, Trump, Bellagio, and Mandalay Bay.  Anyways, I hope you find my review helpful.
5	This was our second time staying here and it was just as good this time as the first time.  Check in took about 15 minutes.  My only nit-picky comment about it is that while we were next in line, two reps finished with their guests then had to make phone calls.  They were on the phone for several minutes and we had to wait for another rep to finish with their guest.  I'm sure they were following up with requests their previous guests made, but when you're standing there, all you want to do is get checked in.  At the time, it did not feel very efficient.  Once we got up to the counter, check in was a breeze.  Like many Las Vegas hotels, they are now including a resort fee on top of your nightly rate.  This was not a big deal to us, but it's something to keep in mind when booking.  They do include amenities to offset this, like free wifi, complimentary newspaper, and two free drink tickets (that alone made it worth it for us.) The rooms were clean and well kept.  I've read other reviews about stains on furniture, etc but we did not notice significant wear and tear in our room.  This is one of my favorite places to stay because I love the rooms.  We had a suite so we had a separate living room.  I'm all about bathrooms and I took two baths in my ginormous bath tub during my one night stay.  They have nice little touches like a tv in the bathroom, radio/alarm clock with iPod dock, and a half bathroom off the living room.All staff that we encountered were friendly, accomodating and personable.  No complaints there.  This is a great hotel and I recommend staying here.
5	Never stayed at the hotel, but have had many an infamous night at club Mix.  An incredible view of the strip, with great music, and a variety of tasty and expensive drinks.  If you have the cash, you're going to have an incredible time.  The last two times I went to Vegas for work, my coworkers and I partied hard at this spot.  Fortunately, my supervisor used his company card to cover the excessive amount of beverages and bottle service that were ordered.  There's a great breakfast restaurant on your way out of the hotel, which is the perfect place to chow down before that cab ride home you're not going to remember.
4	THE Hotel is beautiful.  The staff was very friendly and always willing to help and answer questions.  If you looked lost or looked like you were looking for something, someone offered their assistance.  The rooms are very nice.  In fact; they are so nice that at times I didn't want to leave.Once thing that my wife and I find paramount to deciding whether I like a room or not is the bed.  If the bed is uncomfortable I will not go back to the hotel.  The beds at THE Hotel are very comfortable.  This is a hotel that I will stay in again.
5	My Fav!  I love this hotel.  Stayed here for a week for my 21st bday and it was just amazing.  The rooms are large and beautiful.  It says it's an all suite hotel, but we ended up staying an extra day and booked a regular standard room here, so I'm not really sure what that's about, but any way that was fabulous as well.  It's connected to the Mandalay Bay, so you get access to the man-made beach/pool thing which is pretty awesome as well.
2	The rooms are nice, bed is comfy, tub is huge, 2 bathrooms one with a double sink, stylish. The room is really noisy. We had a corner room with a nice view but we can hear music bumping on the 20th floor, probably coming through the vents. There's some weird rattling noise and some other noise (maybe the elevators?) going on all the time, REALLY annoying. The housekeeping has been pretty rediculous, 1 day out of 4 they came to clean the room without me asking 5 times. Overall I'd stay somewhere else.
4	THEhotel was very nice.Before I start this review, let me preface it by saying that my family and I have been making yearly trips to Vegas since I was in Kindergarten (I'm now 26 as of writing this review). As I got older, I stopped going because it was boring just going with family.Anyway, I was obligated to go this time because I had to attend my grandmother's funeral (I have a lot of family that lives in Vegas now).The hotel room was really nice. My parents, my brother, and my sister slept in the bedroom. I took the couch in what I guess would be the living room, which was actually pretty comfortable. What I really like was that the curtains were pretty much blackout curtains. When closed, the room was completely darkened.What I didn't like, though, was Internet access. They do have free ethernet/Wi-Fi, but in our room on the 15th floor, the signal was extremely weak, when it even showed up at all. The only other option was to use the retractable ethernet cable on the desk. Well, the problem with that was the ethernet cable didn't work. I decided to take my knife out and pop out the ethernet cable plugged into that unit, and plug directly into the wall. That worked fine.What is also a bummer is that neither of the two toilets had active vent fans. There's just a small, passive vent in the wall. Not gonna lie, I left a couple bombs in there and I wish there was a way to evacuate the air quickly. No chance.I guess the other bummer is that you're pretty much at the beginning of the strip. Can't exactly pop out real quick to check out the other hotel/casinos, unless you want to limit yourself to the Luxor and Excalibur.
3	Arrived 2 hours early and they told us they only had a handicap accessible room. We were told that the only difference was that there would be handlebars in the bath tub. We decided to just take the room. After unpacking,  I checked out the bathroom- the floors of the bathtub were dirty- I mean dirt marks stained into the bathtub floor. It was pretty gross. You have to not wash the bathroom floor for a while to get it stained like that.. There was also a chair with a plastic cover that was installed in the bathtub (the front desk did not mention this).. Don't take a handicap accessible room if they offer one- I wish we waited 2 hours for a normal room- my husband didn't want to repack our bags so we stayed but I wish we hadn't.  .. It also smells of some kind of very strong aromatherapy oil in the lobby. I swear I'm not high maintenance, but it was so strong it made me sneeze every time we walked through the lobby.  I'm giving a very generous 3 stars- but only bc this review is for the handicap accessible room, and I will give this place the benefit of the doubt and assume that the other rooms had cleaner bathrooms. Make sure to check out the bathrooms and all other parts of the room before unpacking. Lesson learned the hard way for me..
4	I've always wondered what it was like to stay at THEhotel.  I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay and that was pretty nice but the s/o said that THEhotel is the bomb.  Hmm...is it really?  As much as I hate to say this, yeah it was pretty awesome!During our last adventure to Vegas, I made reservations to stay here.  I like how the hotel is secluded, not talking about it's location on the Strip, but the location of the front desk and elevators.  It's like, if you're walking through there, you're a hotel guest otherwise, you're really lost.  When checking in, there was a long line, ehh, every Vegas hotel has a line, no biggie.  When I got to the desk, this handsome but cocky Twink checked me in.  (That's not derogatory because I'm allowed to say "Twink" as I was one years ago. :) )  Gurrrl, I mean, duuude, you can tell that he and the other desk agents check in hundreds of people a day so, you're pretty much dealing with a robot that has his schpeel down, no genuine small talk here; unfortunately, you're a number, not a guest.  (That's where my -1 star went.)The elevator bank had 6-7 elevators but the cabs were quite small, thankfully they don't stop at every floor otherwise we were screwed.When we got to the room, I mean, THEsuite, it was exactly how it looked like online.  A living room area w/half bath and wet bar, a bedroom and a bathroom with a stand-in shower, soaking tub, dual vanity and a private toilet.   THEsuite  wasn't elegant like the Venetian or plush as the Wynn but it was more trendy, if anything.  Now I can see why the s/o liked it, the decor were dark woods and clean lines.  The bed was quite comfortable and the bath amenities were awesome.  I didn't like however when our room was serviced, they replaced all our bath amenities which were barely used, with brand new ones.  IMO, that was quite wasteful.Speaking of which, around 12pm we were in the room a housekeeping representative called to see if we wanted our room serviced, because we had the Do Not Disturb sign illuminated.  I asked her what was the latest and she said the housekeepers go home at 4pm.  What?  For such a large hotel, you won't have one or two housekeepers on duty beyond that time?  SMH.Beyond the little quirks in service I encountered, they're quite easily to overlook and yes, I can honestly say that I'd stay here again!
4	The hotel is amazing, it has fantastic suites and amenities for the price we paid.  The fact it is isolated from the casino noise was a nice perk as well and the interior was beautiful.  The only problem we had is we left some credit cards and important items in the safe after we checked out.  I called the front desk, lost and found, house keeping.  Everyone viewed it as someone else's problem which is scary that our personal items were there and could have been locked in that safe forever.  I was very nice about it, but finally had to become a raging b*tch in order to get anyone to listen to me and go get them out of the room safe we had used.
3	We've been to Vegas before and decided to choose a little more low-key hotel because, as much fun as Vegas is, we also wanted some relaxation and to take a break.Upon check in, we were immediately displeased. They had no king bed suites available. I wouldn't be so upset about it if, making my reservation, I chose a king size bed over a double queen. If they weren't going to promise it to me, why in the world did I even choose? We threw a little fit about why we bothered to spend our money on this hotel if we couldn't get what we requested, she went to "talk to the manager," and, voila, we got our king bed suite in less than 10 minutes. I actually feel bad for the couple in front of us because they were offered a smoking king room or a double queen. Obviously they wanted non-smoking, just like us, but took the smoking room just to have the king bed. Seems they might could have complained like we did and gotten the room they wanted anyways.And I find it even more ridiculous that we got our request so fast after throwing a small fit...obviously they have what we want available...they just didn't want to give it to us. Otherwise, the rooms were nice. The bathtub is huge, but not jetted. The shower was spacious, but a plain shower. The TV in the entertaining area was huge, and the bedroom tv was large. The bed was comfortable. The food at the hotel was ok, high priced just like all of Vegas. One of my complaints, however, is strange. The sheer amount of static electricity that was built up purely by walking around the hotel and worse in the rooms was astounding. My husband and I were shocking each other by accident all the time. I was shocked by the light switches or doorknobs or whatever else could get to me. That was a weird experience and did not happen when we were in Mandalay Bay Casino..but everywhere at THEhotel.Ultimately, it was nice, but we were put off from the get go and nothing just overwhelmed us as, "Wow, this hotel is cool." The biggest benefit was being part of Mandalay Bay, and being so close to the Luxor and Excalibur (which means easy access to the MGM Grand) with trams to both running during the day.
3	Arrived May 8th, service was friendly and efficient. Flying in at 11pm. It was hard enough figuring out how and where to park but also where the hotel lobby was. After walking through Mandalay bays casino we finally found it. The rooms are nice however, if you plan to use the pool expect to walk through the entire Mandalay bay casino to get there. Not exactly convenient. Bring your own drinks and snacks too as the treats in your room are priced high. The drinks in the casinos are high too, $13 to $7 for a beer.  My rating for this place is that it is nice but I will not be coming back.  It did not work for me. One thing I forgot to mention was the wave pool, I arrived early to get a great spot poolside at the wave pool, while enjoying the feeling of the waves I was approached by one of the several young and over zealous life guard type people who insists that I need to stand in front of a red line, seriously? I complied and shrugged it off, I decided to swim out into the deep area to feel the power of the waves as they pass, another one of the life guard types swims up on a surf board and tells me that I was to far out, it was at that moment I decided that this place was not much fun.  If you need constant supervision when your poolside, you'll love it!
4	I 'v stayed at so many hotels in Vegas, I want to write a review about THE hotel, cause this is one of my favorites. This hotel is located right next to Mandalay bay, it is casino and smoke FREE! I am allergic to cigarettes, I can't stand the smell, in Vegas , too much smoke everywhere. but at THE hotel, I can totally relax. :)The decor is very classic and beautiful, its not big, but it is very nice, cozy and comfy. We had THE suite, its a one bedroom suite, about 750 sf, its a big suite. living room with power room and mini fridge filled with refreshments, working desk, TV, big comfy couch and chair. bed room with comfy king bed, big closets, in room safe. bath room with Whirlpool bathtub, separate shower, and toilet. this suite is like a luxury apartment, it makes you feel so ''at home''. Unlike other hotel house keeping service, you call house keeping at your convenience, I love that, very smart! MIX lounge is located at 64th floor of THE hotel, its not a very big lounge, but it has the best view, the view is just amazing, overlook the entire strip. have a few cocktails in the balcony, enjoy the beautiful skyline of the strip, what a night... :) There is no cover charge for THE hotel guests. To me, THE hotel is just perfect for my Vegas stay. I like to relax in my suite during the day, sleep till noon, order room service brunch, take a warm bubble bath to wake up, and watch some TV. Get ready in the late afternoon for dinner, or have a few drinks at MIX lounge to set the mood for a whole night hard partying. :) Beautiful, clean and quiet hotel to relax, lots of entertainments and restaurants at Mandalay bay next door. Very good choice for a romantic weekend getaway, nice suite for intimate times, how sexy is that. :)
4	I was very please with my stay here at THE Hotel, in THE Suite. If you stay here make sure you say THE in front of everything, it sounds more funny AND more sophisticated that way. :)Everytime I walked into the lobby it smelled like a spa. Gorgeous white flowers on the table as you walk in. This hotel is so clean, it really doesn't feel like vegas. Also, if you have allergies or a non-smoker it's nice to have some relief from the smoke here. While the Mandalay Bay casino is just out the door, it was always nice to come home to our hotel and not have to wind our way through a casino floor. Quick access to the elevator. THE suites were amazing, two bathrooms, which came in handy with 4 girls staying there. Great sitting room cmplete with mini bar and sink. It was nice to fill the sink with ice to chill our champaigne while getting ready. Just an ice bucket doesn't cut it. The only drawback is the taxi line here, which is underground. We waited quite a while each time for a taxi. The other hotels which have above ground taxi lines seem to be a bit more accessible and get more taxi traffic. Despite that, I'll definitly stay here again.On a side note, we were celebrating my friend's bachlorette and birthday party, so before our stay I ordered a red velvet pink-themed bday cake from the hotel to be delivered sat night.  I didin't know what to expect, but the cake was one of the best I've even had. Five layers of red velvet with chcoclate moose and whipped cream icing. Super cute zebra patterns cut out of dark chcoclate with pink accents on the cake. The cake was only about $50 for an 8 inch round, but with so many layers it goes very far, and they bring the cake in on a table with plates and forks and napkins. So worth the money!
4	Solid hotel. Free wifis. Will go back for sure.
4	Stayed here for the last night of our trip to Vegas and decided to spring for something a little "extra" nice to go all out.The clerk who checked us in was SO nice and the lobby looks and SMELLS so nice (which when most casinos smell like cigarettes, it was nice to enter something fresh).  It was also nice to have all the "How Can I Help You?" people in the lobby.We were upgraded to a 1 bedroom with strip views, which was awesome.  The room was a little disheveled; but I'll take it considering it was an upgrade.  The bathrooms were SUPER nice and the beds were really comfy.  We spent the afternoon by the pool (not too crowded, though I wish there was an adults only section without a cover).  The drinks were standard, but yummy.  Good deal on $5 chips with 3 kinds of dips.We ate at Border Grille; which was AWESOME. My only complain was that around 1 everything was shut down. I wanted some fro-yo, or a drink at Mix, but was sad that all that was left open was EyeCandy, which I thought had bartenders with bad attitudes.All in all, can't complain about the actual facilities.  Would love to make this a regualr stay for my Vegas vacays.
5	THEhotel at Mandalay Bay sets a new standard for all suite hotels. I have stayed here 3 times in the past 2 years. The rooms are spacious with marble baths, walk in showers, a plasma tv and double sinks. Each room contains a powder room and living room that has a plasma tv, couch, desk, mini bar, and chair. By staying at THEhotel you get a private valet, gym, and spa. Additionally it is located away from the casino so it's almost like there isn't a casino. Finally the staff at THEhotel is exceptional and there for your every need. A truly top notch hotel. I will definitely be staying there again.
4	Stayed here twice and it became one of my favorite hotel at Vegas, even though it's not new and fancy comparing to the hotels at The City Center. It has a smaller crowd, which I like when playing table games. The Suites are clean and spacious. Love the Beach pool.
3	Likes:  seperate living and sleeping quarters, 1.5 bathrooms, quick elevators, friendly staff, price (based on a internet special), location in reference to the rest of the strip and Mandalay.Dislike:  attention to detail on the cleaning (dirty wallpaper in the bathroom, small holes in the hallways, not having their own private pool.
3	Being the only hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas, I really don't have anything else to compare it to. Except the fact that I have traveled a lot and stayed at many hotels around the country. The check-in was relatively painless. They did upgrade my room for free to one of the suites because they were unable to get all of our group next to each other as promised. The room was amazing, just beautiful, especially the bathroom. I know this is Vegas and may be common practice, but I don't appreciate having a fridge in my room that I can't use unless I pay an arm and a leg. Also having candy, snacks and liquor sitting out that I also can't reasonably use without paying an exorbitant amount. I just can't condone the business practice of preying on stupid drunk people to make a buck. It's ridiculous. The cardio room was free but you had to pay extra to use the weight room, stupid. I didn't get a robe and slippers in my room, yet my other friends did in their room. I don't know..I just feel that I'm already paying enough for the room and actually picking this hotel over the other ones, so I shouldn't be screwed on prices for everything else.
5	Aside from the scorpion that was in my room when I checked in it was great relaxing experience staying here once I got a room change of course lol. Room serivce was top notch. My suite was huge! Everything was nice and clean as it should be. Casinos, bars, and clubs were off the hook. House of Blues was blast. I enjoyed my stay so much at this hotel that I barely left to the other surrounding hotels.
5	Not badly priced...got a rate of $150 on a Sunday of a busy weekend and $120 the following Monday morning when we decided to stay an extra day!  The room has a Keurig coffee maker, so don't forget to pack some coffee pods.  The robes are super comfortable - as are the fuzzy slippers that are complimentary (take home for a nice souvenir)!  I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a suite in Las Vegas that has a separate bedroom (with door) and living room.  You can use Mandalay Bay's awesome pool as well.  It's only downfalls are that it's on the very end of the strip and the walk/cab ride can get long/expensive and since it's a higher end hotel, all of the restaurants/room service tend to be higher end=expensive!
4	I really liked staying at this hotel. We had an excellent room. It is very classy and chill compared to the other Vegas casinos. Clean, quiet, modern - like a boutique hotel on steroids. I would prefer to be even more central on the Strip (e.g. Caesar's). Late night we spent too much time at the Luxor - b/c that was our only walkable choice (other than Excaliber).
1	theHotel is a dark and unfriendly hotel. Most employees don't seem happy with their jobs. We couldn't even get them to clean our room daily plus we had a dog barking in the room across from us during our entire stay.  We weren't on the floor that allowed dogs, we called the front desk many times. Needless to say the dog continued to bark. The Moorea Beach pool entrance was $50 and gatekeepers with attitude! The waitresses inside the pool area were the nicest employees in the hotel.  When we checked in we were told theHotel was an upgrade it was definitely not. The bathrooms are tiny, the rooms are dark, the wireless worked sporadically,  and housekeeping was nonexistent. So much for an upgrade. Upon checking out I did mention all of the above issues and the front desk credited one night and the resort fees and said she would send us a complimentary night for the future. I won't hold my breath or ever stay at Mandalay Bay or theHotel again. This hotel needs a lot of work to get up to speed with some of the better hotels in the strip. Too bad it used to be a great hotel in the day!
3	Now normally this type of hotel deserves a five or four minimum star rating. It's a great place. And I've stayed here about four times now. But I gotta tell you my last stay was disappointing.For starters, I booked my room at least a month in advance. A few days before my trip. I double checked the room rates. And wow they dropped at least by a hundred dollars. I was pretty upset. No worries. That wouldnt ruin my Vegas, birthday trip might I add. So upon arrival, and check in. The desk cleark at check in says oh you booked a one bed suite correct. I was like no! WTF. I booked my room a month ago I said two beds. One for me one for my brother. Oh she says were all out. But well send a free roll away. And Sunday we can put you in a two bed suite. Really? Why the fuck would I want to repack my stuff come back down and recheck in to another room. It's too late, forget it.  That pissed me off. But I kept my cool. The stupid bitch didn't  even bother saying happy birthday or sorry. Nothing. She could of at least upgraded our room for free. A strip view, something. Whatever. We go to our room. Every things cool. Same typical suite. I was just over it at that point. Did not care.This hotel is real is unique, and I loved it up until that point. It has it's own separate entrance. Own check in. It's own spa. The room has a door bell which is neat. A useless fridge, but a fridge none the less. Floor to ceiling windows. Granite restroom counter tops. A tv in the restroom, and tv in the seperate toilet room. It's a really nice setup inside. And every room is a suite. So I think it is. Theres robes and free slippers to take home in the closets. Also I gotta give recognition to the free shoe polish for dress shoes. Very handy. It's a good place to stay For the very fair price. And honestly, I'd love to come back my next Go around. But that last stunt kinda killed my hopes and dreams for this place. Maybe next year. Or if a get a much better deal.
4	Stayed here for the first time a couple weeks and LOVED it!The best part of THE Hotel is that you feel like you're elsewhere.. there are no slot machines in the lobby or check-in area, no ridiculously long check-in lines, no loud sounds.. and the hotel has it's own parking/valet area to boot.  Evenso, it's very convenient as it's attached to the rest of MBay so just a quick walk down the hall. The rooms were amazing... loved the sitting area and having 2 bathrooms was a nice touch. The room was gorgeous and had a lot of nice touches. One of our friends was staying at the Four Seasons and we felt our room was way nicer than their's and they were paying double what we were! I wouldn't hesistate to stay here again!
4	Huge Fan!  I like the fact that this is a true hotel on the strip. Not a casino so if you have never been to The Hotel it's part of the Mandalay Bay complex. Why is The Hotel different  ---  it's a hotel attached to Mandalay Bay hotel. It has a separate entrance. Normally hotel entrance (no gaming, no loud lighting etc.) Very nice interior common areas.. An wonderful chocolate brown wall within their sleeping rooms. Very little noise between rooms. Room Services the food was good. Can be pricey but quality was worth the price. I will be staying with The Hotel again.
4	Great place!Hotel-wise, they had everything you'd need and looked great!What I really want to talk about is there pools!!!!  We started at the lazy river one and must have went around in circles for an hour before it got a bit crowded.  Then we headed to the wave pool which is the largest and had a blast just hanging out in there before heading to the super shallow pool to the side (roughly a foot deep) and just sipped on some drinks for a while.  Such a blast!  We almost said screw the plans, lets just stay here!Wasnt so crazy about the crowd  though :(  We tried to find a chair to put our stuff down on, but couldnt find even one.  So we ended up grabbing food at the beach grill place right there and it was not very good at all !  Kinda bummed us out even.  Thankfully that was before we went in the pools so the day turned around.  If you go to the pools, go early!
4	I have been staying here since they opened. I've stayed in a regular suite and the H suite. But the last few times I've checked in I've gotten attitude from the front desk employee's. Every time I ask for a high floor they give me a funny look and always tell me there aren't any available. Every time I come to the hotel!!!! The hotel sends me flyers for lower rates. When I take advantage of them they treat me like crap. Why do you send them?I have started staying at The Cosmopolitan and Vdara. I always get a high floor. The rooms are beautiful and the views are unbelievable.If The Hotel at Mandalay Bay would remodel their rooms and get more up to date and modern I would come back. I love the boutique feeling of the hotel. Its quiet and I love not having to go through a casino to get to my room. I wish they had their own pool. I don't like walking through the casino to get to a pool. The valets and valet location is the best in Las Vegas. Easy in and out.If you want a modern boutique hotel I would suggest the Vdara until The hotel gets into the 21st century.
3	I'd rate this a 3+.  Nice suite with two separate baths, lovely soaking tub (would have been much nicer with jets, but take a side trip to the Lush store in the Mandalay shops and get some nice bath bombs!), tvs in living room, bedroom and in the bathroom which was small but nice to watch while in the tub.  No separate pool and quite a haul to the Mandalay pools.  Check in service was really subpar.  Location at the very south end of the strip not particularly convenient (although they do have tram to Luxor and Excalibur).  I did enjoy the Bathhouse spa, which was small but nice and very peaceful and not crowded.  Spotty wifi (but free) and bad cell phone reception (but I'll blame AT&T for that one).  Nice enough hotel overall, but next time I'll be at the Encore.
5	I love this hotel. The suites are nicely decorated. I love the large juccuzi bathtubs, separate glass shower, separate living space from the bedroom with tvs in both rooms, and comfy bed. I also really like the Moorea Beach Club there. Everything is beautiful and luxurious. Best place to stay in Vegas if you like something modern and swank.
4	Beautiful Hotel.  ALL the benefits of Mandalay Bay, but you can valet privately, enter the hotel privately......don't have to deal with crowds.  it's the perfect Vegas secret.   :-)
4	Cannot give the 5th star because of the location.Its at the end of the strip and there is a tram to get you to the hot spots but it can be a pain and does not run all the time.Besides the location this is a great property.I frequent here when I cannot get in the wynn(love the pool) or one of the others that is more central to the strip.Very Contempo decor and all the rooms are suites.You could easily sleep four in one of these rooms and most have 2 baths.The gaming floor is like the rest and there are several good eating places for you.Nice sports bar and many Laker fans so I am happy there !The pool is so so but they do have a European pool(adults) that is nice but you need to get there early as it fills fast.There is a cover for guys but ladies are free.Overall a nice hotel.
4	Just returned home from a week long stay in Vegas, and staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is truly the way to go. The rooms are great! They are spacious and comfortable. After a long day of walking up and down the strip, it was great to return back and sit in the deep soaking tub! The restaurants in The Hotel are average I would say for the most part. Some have positives and negatives, but overall, this resort is one that I would definetly stay at again. From sitting poolside all day to being out an about I felt good that I was able to go back to such a nice comfortable room. The staff at the hotel are also very helpful with anything you need.
1	Gave me a handicap room when I didn't order one. Said they don't gurantee me a room unless I pay a fee. Ridiculous and stupid!!!!!!!!:-(
3	I just absolutely have to get this out of the way first - my first night here, I was woken in the morning by a huge ant crawling around my bed. Not fun. No action taken on their part. Besides the one terrible experience, I must say their suites are amazing - the embedded speakers in the ceiling throughout the suite, the 15ft floor to ceiling glass windows with night-blind shades and a large bathroom. Concierge was super helpful and the front desk did their job okay too. The location is a little far for the strip but perfect for the convention center!The decor is simplistic and not heavy on theme, so a good break from the neighboring hotels with the glitz and the glamour of the 70s Vegas.
5	Why stay anywhere else.THEhotel is the perfect place for a girls weekend. 1) Large all suite hotel perfect to share a room for 3, 2 bathrooms are a bonus. You have space for 3 girls to put on make-up and do hair at once and believe me this is an important feature. 2) Nightshade curtains! After a late night(which everyone has in Vegas) who needs the sun, you wake up when you want to wake up.3) The rooms were kept very clean by housekeeping and when I called one early morning for towels they were brought up right away and they knocked as requested.4) No Casino that is a bonus, I loveto be able to walk right into the Mandalay Bay Casino but I don't want to have to walk through one to get to my room everytime.5) Access to the Mandalay Beach, the best pool in Las Vegas, it's crowded but worth braving the crowd.Next trip to Vegas, I will be staying at THEhotel again.
5	I knew this was a good place, when I walked in and it smelled GREAT! Little hints of vanilla and lillies!Had a suite, plenty of room for 4ladies, 1 1/2 bath. Was bummed it wasn't a "suite" like I thought it would be. There was no mini fridge(could've had one...with a cost of course!), so much for the snacks and things we brought. This is where you improvise...we made a mini cooler/fridge in the little sink! *boom*Aside from that, I loved it and the pool!
4	I just love THEhotel.  If you are coming with a group of girls (or guys I guess) THEhotel is a great option.  The large suites will fit plenty of people.  Both times I have been we had 5 girls in a room and it did not feel cramped.  The extra bathroom and sitting area is great for a large group.  The bathrooms are very large and updated.  The beds are incredibly comfortable (although any bed after a night at the Vegas clubs is probably comfortable).  It is on the strip, but at one end.  There aren't too many places within walking distance.They do have a liquor store across the street that you can walk to.  I also highly recommend Evening Call, the little bar right as you enter the casino floor.  They have great alcoholic slushy drinks that are great while sitting by the pool.  Speaking of the pools that is another aspect of THEhotel that I love.  They have a large wave pool that is always filled with kids and families.  It is great if you like wave pools.  They also have a lazy river that is fun for all ages.  There are a few smaller pools that cater more to the adult crowd.  Then there is also the "toptional" pool that I don't remember the name of.  They have great music and it is definitely adults only.  There is a cover to get into this pool which for guys is quite steep but it is a lot of fun.  Overall I would definitely recommend THEhotel especially if you are with a big group.  There are lots of great restaurants nearby.  They have a few fun bars (the view from the Foundation Room is amazing).  And the rooms themselves are great.
5	We were really happy with our stay here...maybe coming from Bally's (which is a dump, read my review) or the fact that The Hotel cares about the little things such as:- The check in/check out counter moves quick no matter how many people are in line.- They let you check in early and check out late with no grumbling- The rooms are nice, my only complaint is that the TV's aren't LCD's and the sink area could be a bit bigger.- They give you nice toiletries and complementary slippers to use in the room and take home- Instead of a sign to put on your door handle, there's a light signaling to housekeeping whether or not you want service that can be activated from inside the room.- Resort fees are explained when you check in which includes free wifi, access to the beach area and usage of the cardio room (not the gym)- Temperature, more importantly the humidity in the room is controllable and quiet.We spent most of our time in the beach in the wave pool which is worth the stay in itself. When it's 115 degrees during the day, do you want to walk around the strip? You do get spoiled here because I'd have a hard time just laying in a pool now...The hotel is much darker than Mandalay and not as convenient as if you stayed in Mandalay, but much quieter and the elevators are fast! You walk across to the casino and other attractions. Maybe I'd like to stay at Mandalay next time, but I'm really glad we stayed here this time. This place and Palazzo are my favorites so far!
3	Mixed reviews for this place so decided to give theHOTEL 3 stars.Let's start with the good:Love how the whole hotel offers all-suites with separate living room and bed room.  1 1/2 baths is great.  Dark tones for the room's color scheme makes the room like calming and elegant.  Huge flat screen with a DVD player in the living room was nice to watch movies.  Now the bad:No fridge that comes with the room, it's a suite, I figured a fridge would come by default.  Called for housekeeping, they didn't come for 2 hours.  The water pressure for the shower was kinda weak. Now the horrible:EVERYONE, if you walk up to registration and run into a kruella De-ville named Gigi...don't look at her directly or else you'll turn into stone.  She was the worst front desk rep I have ever dealt with in my life.  She was cold...(how cold?)...ice cold!  C' mon, i'm starting my mini-wknd vacay and it gets started with this mean lady?Here's what happened:  she nodded at me from the line so I walk over.   She asks for ID, which i gave to her.  Keep in mind, so far, no verbal greeting.  Then she does one of those receptionist/fast-keyboarding typing for  good 5 minutes.  Without telling me what's going on or what's taking so long.  So another 3 minutes goes by and still does not look up at me to acknowledge the lengthy check-in process.  Ok, whatever...just get me in my room and I'll be happy.  Then she asks for a credit card, so i obliged.  Can you tell me WHY she swiped my card 3 times so my bank ended up authorizing my  card for $1590, 3 times the price of my stay??  That caused a HUGE headache! arrgh! Originally I reserved a one-king suite, while she was banging away on the keyboard, I confirmed with her "what room do I have?"  She said "one moment."  Ok...now I see her coding my room keys.  Um...what happened to telling me what kind of room I have?  She ended up giving me a room with 2 queens.  Um, you witch...I asked you what kind of room I had so you can accommodate my requests before you assign my room.  She responded that there are no more King suites. Then said, "here are your keys, elevators are behind you."  WTF!? what happened to giving me a fake apology or something or offering to move me to a one-King suite when it becomes available?  I guess she was in a rush to get home to start making potions or something.  Whatever, I didn't wanna bother with her face anymore and just went to my room.It may not seem like my experience was that bad, but I guess you had to be there to know what I mean.  It was horrible. :/  Thanks for reading
4	Minus one star because the service is hit or miss.  Stayed here for 4 nights for a convention I was working. I was managing 32 room reservations for my company including one celebrity VIP. THE UGLY:Boo to this woman named Luisa (?) and this other short extra round chick with long dark hair and clown makeup whose name I didn't catch. Tacky clown make up should have told me what to expect.  Clown girl and Luisa were both rude and so jaded I didn't want to deal with them. How come the ugly ones are ALWAYS the mean ones?  THE GOOD:The rest of the front desk staff I worked with was really great. Special shout to Jessica who rocked it out for my VIP and a gal on the phone named Jordan who was so accommodating when I explained an issue I was having with another reservation. Housekeeping was great, I loved my cleaning fairy :)All suites is a huge plus. Loved the bathtub and I could see that MGM put a lot of thought into the little details and amenities they provide. Love love LOVE the fluffy bathrobes!  That might be my absolute favorite thing in the room. Bed was the perfect balance of firm and fluffy.  Room service menu is a bit scarce though. AS A SIDE NOTE:While Mandalay Bay is on the strip, it's pretty secluded and you'll need to cab it.  To make things easier for you, they've actually done a great job at providing everything on their property so that you won't have to leave it if you don't want to ... casino, massive pool, convenience stores, a decent selection of restaurants and shops ... everything is there.  Geniuses.  I didn't see the sunlight for 5 days.  Overall, highly recommend just make sure that when you're checking in your front desk person isn't fugly and you'll have a blast here. :)
4	All the rooms  are suites and I must admit, I was quite impressed. We had a master bath with soaker tub and  separate shower.  The room and hotel decor were modern, edgy, and white accent flowers were placed in just the right places throughout the hotel to add a soft touch to the dark walls, lighting, and flooring. My reasoning for giving this hotel 4 stars versus 5 was because calling the front desk and getting someone to pick up was impossible. We called several times to get a late checkout and there was no response. Also, the checkout time is 11 am however if you ask for a noon checkout when you're checking in, they will easily accommodate. Apparently if we called the morning of, they could extend to 1 pm without a fee (too bad no one picked up at the front desk) however anything later would cost a 1/2 day rate.
4	I LOVED staying at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay with my husband. You get all the perks of Mandalay Bay (restaurants, spa, pools, casino, shopping, Shark Reef, Lion King) but you can walk right from the parking garage to the lobby toward your hotel room without walking through the dizzying casino floor.We stayed in a one-bedroom suite, and we were really impressed with the room. The master bathroom featured a two-sink vanity, large soaking tub, separate shower, and separate toilet room complete with a TV, phone, and a plethora of clean, white towels. The mattress and accompanying bedding was TO. DIE. FOR. It was like sleeping on a dream!We spent a lot of time walking The Strip and visiting all the sights to see of Vegas, but whenever we were in our room, it was a wonderful respite. The super fluffy robes and complimentary room slippers were a really nice touch. I would have bought a robe from the downstairs THE Store (oh, trendy but unnecessary articles) but at $125.00, I figured I could just wear the shit out of the one in my room for the 5 nights I was there.I detracted one star because of the limited room service menu, and the concierge screwed up my spa appointments at Spa Mandalay without apology. Even so, I would love to stay here again because it is away from the main hustle and bustle of the Strip (read: quieter, cleaner, classier) and there are enough things to do within THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay to keep you entertained for your entire stay.
4	beautiful rooms and for awesome prices. i would definately stay here again. Only problem was the construction outside at like 11pm-2am. weird hours to do construction, and it kept me up the first night. But thats the only problem i had.
4	Pros:-Floor to ceiling windows-Separate living room; one and a half bath-Humongous tub-TVs in the living room, bedroom and bathroom-Very clean and spacious-The servers in the lobby bar are very kindCons:-Near the bottom of the strip. You will need to catch a cab or the tram everywhere. Although I had a lovely time, I think I will try another hotel closer to the action like Aria.
5	Probably one of the most sophisticated stays here in Las Vegas. Elaborate views, fantastic amenities, pristine aesthetics. 5 STAR.
4	Really love this hotel!  The large suites are well appointed with big windows, good work space, great bathroom with a tv, and a separate powder room for guests. It was a much more quiet hotel from the others on the strip...which I appreciated. The color palette throughout was beautiful...though a little on the dark side...but very relaxing!  Definitely would come back!
5	Great large room...kinda like a small apartment...very similar to the 2 sectioned areas from the Venetian or Palazzo.  I would definately come back...especially since its very close to my sportsbook section of the casino. ;PNot too far, across the street is a liquior store that can easily help you stock up on alcohol in the room before hitting the clubs for those overpriced drinks!
1	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL! BREAK-INS AND THEFTS ARE OCCURRING REGULARLY WITH MANAGEMENT DOING NOTHING!! Several friends and I stayed in a suite at THEhotel Mandalay Bay this past weekend. In the early morning hours of Sunday, September 18th (between 4:30-7:30 AM), our suite was broken into while we slept. I awoke at 7:30 AM to find my iPhone and wallet missing. Two other females in my party also discovered that they were missing items - two wallets and two purses with thousands of dollars worth of missing items. We immediately called Security, who had us fill out an incident report. Security did not at all seem concerned with our well-being or the fact that we had been robbed while being in the room. He told us to fill out the form and bring it down to security because he had "somewhere else to be." When we returned the forms we also filed a police report. We spoke to the Assistant Desk Manager who apologized but did little else. We were told that it had to be investigated through Risk Management and that we'd be notified later. It has now been five days since the incident and we have heard nothing. I also spoke with Raquel Marquez, who works in Risk Management. Not only was she unhelpful, but she had the audacity to suggest that we weren't actually in the room when it happened and that we didn't lock our doors.  As soon as the incident occurred we checked our locks to ensure that they were, in fact, working. They were. Ms. Marquez didn't seem to know anything about our case or the details of the incident report filed.I am shocked and appalled by the incident and how it has been handled by the Mandalay Bay management. Not only have we incurred thousands of dollars in losses and been significantly inconvenienced, but our lives were put in serious danger. We were just fortunate to not have been injured. We have heard that other patrons were similarly burglarized on the same night and this has been a recurring issue at this hotel, as noted in several prominent blogs and websites. Read the first 5 reviews of the hotel on City Search. Each one involved a similar incident as the one I described -  http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/profile/39426248/las_vegas_nv/thehotel_at_mandalay_bay_resort.htmlSince a key was used to get into the rooms, I believe that a master key has been duplicated or used outright. The ineffectiveness of the hotel to address the issue is putting the lives of all of its patrons at risk. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! If I could give zero stars, I would.
2	We booked three rooms for three nights at THEhotel and here's the low-down:GOOD NEWS - 1.  Nice rooms with lots of space, 1.5 bathrooms, comfy bed and relatively quiet.2.  No smoking hotel and common areas.3.  No three-mile walk through a brain-numbing casino to registration desk, elevators, etc.4.  Attentive staff, particularly our bellman (Eric?).BAD NEWS - 1.  We booked nine nights total and one of the rooms ... literally .... faced a concrete wall!2.  One of our three rooms had a bathroom that had not been cleaned, at all, after the departure of the previous guest.  YUCK!3.  In-room coffee COSTS $4 a cup.  WTH!4.  You are charged if you use space in the mini-bar fridge to cool anything you bring into the room.  WTH x 2!!5.  Poolside seating at the Mandalay pool is FULL SUN EXPOSURE only.  If you want or need an umbrella, get out your wallet.  On the Sunday we were visiting the pool, umbrellas were available ONLY in a roped-off area with padded lounges.  Lounges were "renting" for $25 each and umbrellas were renting for $50 each.  WTH x 3!!!6.  If you want to use the hotel's "free" cardio room, get a map, a compass and put on your walking shoes.  At least you will burn calories getting to the wimpy little cardio center!  If you want anything other than the usual cardio machines, be prepared to pay for it ... $15 or $25 per day, depending on what level you want.As Robert DeNiro points out at the end of the movie, "Casino," "The town will never be the same. After the Tangiers, the big corporations took it all over. Today it looks like Disneyland. And while the kids play cardboard pirates, Mommy and Daddy drop the house payments and Junior's college money on the poker slots. In the old days, dealers knew your name, what you drank, what you played. Today, it's like checkin' into an airport. And if you order room service, you're lucky if you get it by Thursday. Today, it's all gone. You get a whale show up with four million in a suitcase, and some twenty-five-year-old hotel school kid is gonna want his Social Security Number."Bottom line, it's Vegas baby.  You go expecting more than you will ever get and you come away promising yourself you'll never go back.  But if you are like me, you will go again sooner or later, hoping things will be different and somehow you'll be treated like something other than what we all really are in Vegas .... cattle in the herd.
3	We have stayed at THEHotel since it was new. After a 1.5 year gap in visits, we booked a room for two nights. Upon arrival we noticed the carpet in the hallways are worn out and dingy. Wall paper is peeling as well. The room was as we remembered, 1.5 baths, living area, sofa, arm chair and a desk. The flat panel TV is worn out and difficult to view due to the faded image. The two queen beds need replacing as they felt exactly like a Motel 6 would have in their rooms. The staff was friendly and the waiters were terrific in THECafe. Food was terrific in THECafe as well. A solicitor shoved pizza menus under our door which made us wonder about security. The pool is VERY family friendly, so if you want a kid free experience, try the Moorea instead. The wave/lazy river/lagoon pool area was very cowded on friday afternoon. Although we watched the lifeguards and security remove a surly guest. Floaty tubes for the lazy river are STUPID expensive (over $20 each), there are no rentals, and they will only allow life guard approved floatation toys.
5	THEhotel was amazing, beautiful interiors, clean lines and marbles all over. The suite was roomy, 1.5 bath was handy and a little bar area was very useful for a preparty area. The fridge was tiny though and couldn't hold much other than the many small overpriced liquor bottles. One of the highlight for me was how close the parking was to the registration area and the elevator to the room. No need to haul your heavy luggage across the maze of a casino. Getting a taxi was also quick, not much of a wait. You get all the amenities of Mandalay Bay too. The pool area is more chill family setting, not so much party party which is a great break after a night of partying.
4	LOVE their wave pool...They even have a top less 21 and over sectionThe floating pool is nice to float along after one or two sippies...
3	We loved it! The service was great. We had the suite. Perfect for 3 girls. We had a tub and a shower. Plenty of room for lots of luggage. No complaints! The shower was our favorite. PS: the TV turns off on you in the middle of the show. Strange.
5	THEhotel is THE hotel.  I've only stayed here once while attending a destination wedding, but I hope to return.  The room chosen for our party had two rooms, the bedroom and a living room.  There were two bathrooms.  One had a huge bathtub where I could decompress from all of the wedding activities.  The beds were huge and very comfortable as were the rest of their furniture.The five star goes to their service as well.  From the housekeeping to the front desk to the massage therapist (umm...I did mention I needed to decompress...didn't I?,) everyone was very helpful.  THE hotel soap, shampoo, and conditioner have a refreshing sort of smell. As for the rest of their hotel, they offer enough stores and such that one doesn't necessarily need to leave the hotel.  The wedding reception had been held at a restaurant in the hotel.  Even the bride had her makeover at a hair salon located inside the hotel.
5	Awesome all suite, non gaming hotel which means smoke free!! Loved the warm personal robes and slippers, too!
5	These sleek suites are extremely comfortable and the separate sleeping-area make them perfect for a good night's privacy. The Mandalay Bay casino and gaming environment is also above par.Pros: Accommodations, Casino, Private
5	Best hotel in Vegas. Lazy river, amazing sushi restaurant, cheap suites, wave pool, Mix, Lion King, and a low douchebag ratio.
4	This is my favorite hotel to say at when I'm in Vegas.  I love the suites.  They are very comfortable and have all of the luxuries you could ask for.  I like the fact you can use your room card to charge everything to your room at a number of the bars and resturants.  I also love the fact you get access to the mandalay beach which is super nice.  I have stayed here many times and this will always be my first choice hotel.
4	If you're going to rock a name like THEHotel, you better step up. And in most cases, Mandalay does. Not quite to the level of 5-stars, but close. THEHotel is the upscale wing of Mandalay... as long as you don't count The Four Seasons, which I imagine is in a whole league of its own. This would be like the W to Mandalay's Westin. A little more hip, swankier, and, well, interesting. The rooms are sleek and decent size - equipped with plush robes, electronic window shades, Bose clock radios, big screen (but not flat screen? Weird!) Tv's, and my room had a big bathroom with jacuzzi tub. The bath products are L'occitane and include bath sugar cubes for the tub. There's no in-room coffee or water and no minibar or fridge, so be prepared for that. My room was on the 62nd floor. No, the hotel is not that tall, but for some reason it skips from 38 to 60  in one floor. Never figured out why. Regardless, my desert view room had a rad view out over the flat wasteland that is the SW off-strip. Freeway noise was negligible. The staff here is efficient and unlike the front desks at the mega-resort side, there's no cattle-call action. I walked right up to check in and same to check out. Huge plus! Valet is right next tot he desk too so no long-hauls through casinos or anything to get to your destination. And the location off in the corner of the Mandalay complex means less cross-traffic from the hordes. An off-night rack rate of $100 (plus all sorts of hidden resort fees) was good for the quality of room and level of hotel class. I'd definitely stay here again if I could get it for a good price. The only sad part was that I was there on business and didn't get to use the pool, which I hear is the best on the strip.
1	Messed up the reservation and made condescending effort to fix it.  Horrible place.    MGM group is the worst.
2	Great Hotel - Bad Staff!My girlfriend and I stayed there this weekend and loved the hotel itself. The rooms are nice and spacious, the big bathtubs are great to relax in, and all of the amenities in our suite were excellent. However, the staff couldn't have been less helpful. When I made our reservation, I informed them we'd be checking in late at night. I called the day of our arrival to remind them, specifically asking them to make sure they had a room for us. The man said it wasn't a problem and that he'd made a note of it. We arrived and were told a high floor suite with a view of the strip and a king sized bed (which I'd reserved) was not available and were given a suite with two queens and a $50 credit toward any restaurant on the property. We were also told we could simply switch rooms the next day to a suite like we asked for. Annoying, but not the end of the world, right?Here's where the wheels come off. I call the front desk the next morning asking for a room change. I explained what had happened the night before and the guy said he didnt know if they had a room for us, that theyre not obligated to switch rooms, that room switches are based on availability and rarely are granted on weekends, that he'd have to check. Lots of attitude. Five minutes later he comes up with a room for us on a low floor, without a view, but with a King sized bed. I said fine just to be done with it.The next day we go to the Bayside Buffet and do what they told us to do - charge it to our room and they'd take $50 off the charge. The next day we left the hotel. We used the express checkout, and just because I wasn't trusting anyone at that point, I requested a copy of my bill be sent to me via e-mail. I get home tonight and of course they charged us the full amount for the buffet. I just got off the phone with them - more attitude - and finally got the $50 taken off the bill.Long story not-so-short: the staff are rude, not very accommodating, and be sure to check your bill!p.s. The valet didn't know when check out was. Who doesn't know the check out time of their own hotel??
2	Spent a weekend here for a friend's bachelorette party. I couldn't be more disappointed with the service by the front desk. We had a reservation for two suites that were booked months ago. Checking in, they first tried to ship us to two non-suites at Mandalay Bay because they were "overbooked." 2 hours after check in started. Despite the fact that half of us arrived at 9:30 am, checked in bags and were told they would make a note we had arrived and "link" the two rooms. Once they had sufficiently stressed out our bride, they came up with two suites for us to stay in. 15 floors apart. The "non smoking" room I stayed in smelled like three cartons of cigarettes. I'm asthmatic. So is my best friend. We asked if there was anything they could do. They promised an air purifier, they sent a man with a gallon of aerosol air freshener. Pretty sure he emptied the whole can. We asked to move rooms and got the "overbooked!" line again. So the whole weekend we had the luxurious smell of cigarettes and weird orange-y air permeating the room. Hooray for problem solving? Hands down the best decision of our stay was to book a cabana by the lazy river. It came out to about $60 a person for a group of 8, but it was worth it to have a spot reserved by the pool all day. Also the server who was in charge of food/drink orders for our cabana was delightful! She was far and away the friendliest and most competent employee we interacted with all weekend. They should send her to teach the front desk a thing or two. Or five. The other positive: We were given day passes to the spa when we asked how they were going to make amends to the ridiculous start to our weekend, and the spa there is amazing. But with so many hotels on the strip, I can't say I'd be very inclined to stay here again.
4	Very nice hotel. The rooms are spacious, clean (they passed the bedbug test), and modern. I would stay here again.The televisions could use some updating. The tv's in the bedroom and living area had poor picture and sound quality. They did have a small TV in the ginormous bathroom, which was a plus.My boyfriend has a down allergy (we found out the hard way); housekeeping took care of it promptly and switched out the down pillows and comforter with hypo-allergenic bedding. The $20/day resort fee seems like a sham but I think most Vegas hotels charge it.
4	This is the nicer arm of Mandalay Bay "The Hotel"..everything is THE...excellent rooms, clean and classy. We had a junior suite with a little living room and a huge king bed, TVs in every room, even the bathroom. There were 2 bathroom, felt very luxurious. Definite yes on next time!
5	This is one of my fave hotels in Vegas.  We stayed in THE H Suite for a friend's wedding.  IT IS GIGANTIC!!!!!!!!!!  Love love love!!  This suite is very posh with all the amenities.  The bathroom itself is as big as most hotel rooms!  Can't go wrong with chilling in this suite.  You won't want to go anywhere else.  The bed is very comfortable and only comes as 1 king.  There is a sitting area in the room for privacy in the bedroom.Love that its in THEhotel because of the smoke-free environment.  Ahhhh.Splurge here!!  It'll be all worth it!  :D
4	I lucked up off hotwire.com getting a room at THEhotel (amazingly good deal).  My dude and I were not aware that we were staying on the "Plush" side of this huge hotel.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the room was.. We had a one bedroom suite with two bathrooms.  Customer service was good.  We didn't have any issues with our room.  My only complaint is the location of the hotel on the strip.  If you plan to be all over the strip I would not advise THEhotel however I will say that there is LOTS to do in the hotel it self.  Nice nice pool area, club, restaurants, nice casino, spa, The Lion King, you really don't have to leave.  Writing this I'm ready to go back.
4	Large suites with giant bathrooms. Deep soaking tubs with a waterfall faucet.  I like the second bathroom for guests.  I wasn't a fan of the robes because I prefer the terry cloth ones that absorb the moisture.  The hotel area is nice because it takes you away from the sounds of the casino. No slots allowed in this lobby.  The lobby bar is nice and quiet - a perfect place to sit and relax before your night out.They also have meeting rooms which don't require a major hike to the convention center.  They have boardrooms as well as traditional meeting rooms.  I've chosen THEhotel twice to host our annual meetings.  Their staff is helpful and accommodating.  A bit pricey, but so is every other place in Vegas.
3	Worth a 3.5, but hey... that options isn't available.When it comes to Vegas hotels it seems like it'll come down to your preference of style and how much you're willing to pay of course.  THEhotel is a very modern and new hotel.  If you want your modern styling with granite counters, dark woods, etc... this is a good choice.  Unlike some hotels, these suites are "real" suites with separated rooms.  The bathroom is also very large and has a TV (sometimes it's useful).  The powder room out toward the entrance is also handy when you don't want people seeing the mess you've created.The service is what drops this place down to a 3.  Between our group we had 3 rooms, so this is the combined whining of all three rooms.  An ash tray took over 90 minutes to be delivered.  Room service took close the same amount of time.  And a shard of glass was found in one bathroom (perhaps some partiers dropped a bottle), but you'd expect that cleaned up.Overall... might be worth another visit just for the amenities and the modern styling, but... I'll definitely hesitate before I click confirm.
1	We would never ever booked TheHotel again. This Thanksgiving was my second time been there. The only reason I booked TheHotel again was because my father loved the decroation of the room.  (From my opinion, the decroation is more like a business hotel...)When we entered the room, everything was perfect until I found a dark brown stain on the quilt. GROSS!Then I saw stain on the carpet, too. That was very obvious both stain were caused by same stuff which I don't know what that was. They were looks very disgusting! I called room service right away. They didn't apologize and used monotone to notified me that they would send someone to change it. They sounded not surprised at all. That's ok, I didn't want this ruin my vacation, so  we just left the room and tried to havesome fun.I was the first one trying to take a shower; however, before I turned on the water, I saw HAIR on the drain!!!! GROSS GROSS GORSS GROSS !!! I was way too tired to do anything about it, so I didn't call the room services. If I called, I think the only thing they would do is probably using same monotone to tell me that they would send someone up and pick up the HAIR!?No More THEHOTEL
2	I have stayed at the Mandalay Bay, Four Seasons, and now THEhotel, which are all a part of the Mandalay Bay complex.  We stayed in the V Suite, which has a great layout and is large.  So we arrived at 10 PM and wanted to go right to bed, but when we opened the bed it was full of long black and short black hairs.  I later saw a lot of short black hair in the bathroom.  I called the guest services and it took almost 3 hours before we had the sheets changed and bathroom cleaned.  We ordered room service the next morning and it tasked like it came out of a can.  The TV's are all old school flat screens (non-HD) and about half the channels play Mandalay Bay commercials.  I have read the hotel is modern, but it is cheap modern.  The housekeeping is really bad, and in short we won't be staying here again.  I would still recommend the Four Seasons.
3	I booked a room and air package for 6 nights through THEHotel website. I noticed the room description for THE Suite said either 1 king or 2 queen beds. This being our honeymoon I wanted to make sure we had a king sized bed. I called the reservation line after I booked everything online and asked if there was a way to make sure we got a king sized bed in our suite. The operator insisted there was no way they could guarantee that. Really?? Why am I reserving a suite almost a year ahead of time? so you can decide the day I check in whether or not you have one? It makes no sense to me. She did say she could "make a note" on the reservation that we would prefer a king sized bed but again, there is no guarantee we will get one. Thankfully we ended up getting a king sized bed.Upon checking in I was asked for my credit card, not for the resort fees, (we will get to those later) but for him to put a 600 dollar "Pre-authorization" on my card. What?? The room is paid for a year in advance, I will pay your stupid resort fees whether I like them or not, why are you charging my credit card for something that appears to be 100 dollars a night security deposit? He says not to worry, I won't actually be charged 600 dollars and it will come off of my card when we check out. Actually it took 2 days after we checked out for the pre-auth to come off.Our luggage arrived at our room about a minute after we unlocked the door. The bell service was great. They brought my tuxedo to my room when it arrived the day before our wedding, and they came up and got it to be sent back to the rental service the day after. The maid service was also very good. We would leave for breakfast in the morning and come back later in the afternoon to a clean room, clean towels and the bed made. Everything worked in the room, electronic safe, alarm clock, hair dryer, etc. The TV's were older flatscreens (non-HD) and the channel offerings were limited, most of which seemed to be advertising Mandalay Bay restaurants and shows. It was nice to have a TV in the bathroom. The waterfall bath was nice and spacious. Outside of the room the carpets in the hallways are starting to show their age, kinda expected after being in operation for 8 years. Also noticed a few rips and tears in the hallway wallpaper. Not exactly what one wants to see in THEHotel.Saw some people complaining about the elevators, but even when the place was packed with rodeo cowboys and marathon runners, we never had to wait more than a minute or so for an elevator. We did hear people stuck in one of them, hollering for help. Really.I was not a fan of the confounded walk to get to the strip. I was starting to think they did not want us to find the strip. First hotel employee I asked "how do I get to the strip to catch the Deuce bus?" said I would be better off using cabs to get around. I told him we had alot of things to do and preferred to use the Deuce. So he gave me directions that sent me to an area with a sign "no pedestrians" and no sidewalks. We had to back track and then go a different route through a maze of walkways to get to Las Vegas Blvd. It was on our second day we realized the tram to Excalibur was the fastest route to get to the strip. Unfortunately the tram only runs till 10:30 pm weeknights. Upon checking out I was charged the 20 dollars a day (+12% tax) resort fees. At the end of our week, those fees came out to $134. More than the cost of a night's stay. I know it has been asked before, but I had to ask what they were for. I was told that the resort fees were for the pool, internet, and "other amenities" such as a free newspaper. Well, all of the pools were closed except 1 small heated pool while it was cold and rainy. We did not use the internet, and I did not get a newspaper. Why are we forced to pay for things we do not want? Why aren't these things FREE! included with the price of the room? If you insist on gouging us, split them up and charge for them IF WE USE THEM! Even if this is the norm in many Vegas hotels, you need to give your guests a break. Not all of us are high rollers. Some of us want to enjoy a vacation without getting nickel and dimed for things we don't want.Two of our wedding guests that also stayed at THEHotel were given 4 free buffet comps with their stay. They used them for breakfast and dinner 2 days in a row but were only given credit for 2 of the 4. Some rule they were told about at checkout, only 1 free buffet comp per day. Seriously?THEHotel was nice but next time I will stay somewhere else.
2	This place is horrible. I'm only giving them two stars because they did upgrade my room..... First off the carpet needs to be replaced in hallways and it's dirty! They put me in a room with a joint room option and I could  hear the couple next room all night..... If you know what I mean! I was so upset as I was here for work and had to be up for a meeting early, and did not get go bed until after 3am! I called for ear plugs and it took over 30 min for them to come! The next day they changed my room and upgraded me which was much nicer, however it smelled like food bc it was next to the kitchen. I dont think I will ever go back! The only good thing about this place is the price, however you get what you pay for! There are much better hotels in vegas
2	I wish I could give THEhotel a better score but the service really was lacking.  The room was great and the bed was comfy.  There is a charge for everything, not even coffee in the room is included, yet you are charged a $20/night resort fee.  When we called the bellman for our bag, they brought up the wrong one...even though we gave them our first/last name and the number on the tag we were given.  We had no room-service dining menu in our room, so my husband went down to the lobby to ask for one, they said they would send one up and we never got one.  On the day we went to check out, we decided to use their computer to print our boarding passes, since that is included in the resort fee.  Well, what should have taken 5 minutes to do, took 20 minutes because they have super slow outdated computers.  So although we liked the room itself, after walking through several hotels on the strip, we'd rather spend our money at Caesar's Palace, Bellagio or MGM Grand.
4	If you're not a fan of the Vegas 'culture,' yet you need to find lodgings on the strip, THEhotel is a worthwhile option.You won't have to navigate through casinos to get from the outside to the front desk or your room. And unlike most every other Vegas hotel, THEhotel isn't a theme hotel. No canals with gondolas, or  Parisian side streets, or Egyptian hieroglyphs. The decor is simple, classy and contemporary. The suite was all these, and I daresay masculine in its lack of chintz or camp -- sage and dark brown tones with a smattering of beige. Oh, and an extremely comfortable bed & pillow set, which is a huge perk on my book. That said, while it may not have a "theme," the whole THE thing can get a bit overbearing. You scribble notes on THEnotepad, have a workout at THEgym, etc. Ironically, even if the front desk tells you that the proper pronunciation is "the hotel," you may benefit from saying "THEE hotel" to cab drivers and phone-in hotel services etc. if you don't want to repeat yourself. My two minor complaints:  I was put in a room which obviously a pet owner inhabited before me (key evidence: a semi-deflated chew toy in the couch cushions. At least I *hope* it was from a pet, which, given the "when in Vegas" mantra may not be a reasonable conclusion.) And, I had asked for a view and was cheerfully offered a "pool view," which was more like a parking lot view. Minor issues though. It was nice to have the Mandalay Bay casino so close without it being on the premises, as with their convention and multi-pool accommodations. And the second room/living room would be a big perk if I was traveling with one or more persons. It's not quite THEutopia, but for the extra bucks, THEhotel seemed to be a reasonable value.
4	THE Hotel at Mandalay rooms are very spacious and modern. Beautiful two room suite with a living room, bedroom and full bathroom and a half... Even a doorbell on the room and the ability to check-in and get to your room without having to walk through a noisy, smoke filled casino wax a welcomed changed. Accommodations were luxurious and the entire hotel was beautifully maintained. Amenities were great. My favorite is the extravagant bathroom as it has lots of bright lights for getting ready and big mirrors, including a full body one. Also, love the idea that I can bring my dog.Definitely check out The Mix Lounge - a perfect place to sit and relax before your night out. Either reserve a table indoors, or step out on the 64th-floor balcony and enjoy breathtaking views of the Las Vegas Strip. Also, check out the restrooms at the Mix Lounge bar. It's a huge cave like section and the "stall" is basically the size of a broom closet with the toilet in the center facing outwards... so you have a breathtaking view while doing your business :P. Picture included.THE Hotel gives you the best of both worlds - convenience to all Las Vegas activities when you want and peace and serenity when you need - absolutely worth the extra walk to the strip.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would.  THEhotel at Mandalay Bay was supposed to be the site of my wedding on 11/11/11.  2 months before the day, the O Suite (2000sqft penthouse) was booked and paid for in full.  A week before the day, I called to confirm.  The day before, I called to confirm.  The day of, 8 hours before the wedding, they had given the suite (as well as all other penthouse suites) to Manny Pacquiao and his entourage.  He was fighting the next night.  He had been set to fight 2 months prior when the room was booked.  He had been set to fight the week before when I called to confirm.  He had been set to fight the day before when I called to confirm.  THEhotel knew all along that this would happen, yet took my money anyway, and let me book the suite for my wedding day. My now husband was the one to get the news at check-in, then come tell me (thus ruining the whole not-seeing-eachother-on-the-day-of-thing) w/ tears in his eyes knowing how heartbroken/stressed/upset I would be. I cried.  ALL day.  This was a destination wedding, we had people coming from across the country and other countries in general.  Now we had a skimpy 800sqft suite (which they kicked someone else out of, I'm sure) to hold a 35 person wedding ceremony & reception in?  Luckily, our great friends searched the city for what turned out to be an even better penthouse suite at the Trump Tower 4 hours before the wedding was to start (go there!).THEhotel only offered that other suite and another basic room to us, that's it.  There was NEVER an apology, just simply a, "we understand your frustration."  What they did was illegal, breach of contract.  There is a totally a small claims case there.  Finally, after PULLING TEETH we received our money back as well as a $400 comp to use at the hotel/Mandalay Bay (which we used to take all remaining guests in town out to lunch & I got a much needed 80min massage at their spa). While it all ended up working out and for the better (go to Trump Tower!), needless to say, I will NEVER stay here or give THEhotel/Mandalay Bay my business EVER again.
5	My favorite hotel to stay in Vegas, hands down. I stay here whenever possible. Nice views from the rooms, the suites are comfy and the extra comforts go a long way toward making a Vegas experience a great one. Having 2 bathrooms is a GODSEND, thank you for that!!
3	We checked into THEhotel on Tuesday for a 2 night stay.  The hotel rooms are beautiful and gigantic!  Very well maintained and luxe.  Reasons why only 3 stars were given: -  No in-room coffee-  Only allowed access to the "cardio" gym and not the full service gym.  To gain access to the full service gym, you have to pay an additional $15!  sheessssh!-  Shower spouts out cold to lukewarm water for about 3 minutes after the water is turned on.  It also doesnt ever get really hot.  I don't understand why this is because the sink water went from zero to scalding in 2 seconds.-  Thin walls or something - we could hear all this outside racket and noise while we were trying to snooze.The coffee and gym complaints are especially annoying because they charge you a $20 resort fee and then go nickel and diming you on these amenities.I don't think I'd return to this hotel.  It is pretty far from the center of the strip and also because of the complaints above.
3	Nice suites in a new wing of Mandalay. Rooms were great, but Casino was not - slow nights, dead floors. I ended up at the Luxor most of the time. Not much happening at the far end of the strip.
3	I really like The Hotel at Mandalay Bay because its off the beaten path. No casino just a hotel, but you can walk 500 feet and be in the middle of a casino. The only problem is the last two times I've stayed here it took forever to check in.I like the 2000sq foot suite, it is large, and has tremendous views,but this time it wasn't ready. I had to wait for approximately an additional hour. And then the room wasn't really meticulous. Next visit I'll be staying at the Aria or Mandarin Oriental. It's a shame because I've been staying at THEhotel for the  last several years but it's getting old and service is lacking.
5	Very nice hotel. We didn't get a strip view but the interior is all very polished and deserves its status. The rooms aren't too expensive either. I would definitely consider coming here again.
2	We have stayed here many times. Always been huge fans and even paid for others to visit a few times. But the last trip was a bummer. The place is starting to show its age and the staff is rude. I can deal with the aging rooms if they would smile and treat people like they appreciated the business. But we are not going back any time soon. I think we'll head mid strip for a while.
2	We stayed in The Suite. Let me be clear. I wanted and expected fancy for this special trip. I got average. When I drop $200 a night, I don't want any dust in the room, I don't want a badly damaged chair and I don't want to pay $4 for a crappy in-room coffee. Yes, my friends. They charge $4 for a cheap room coffee. I used to stay in much, much cheaper places where this little perk was free. So, if you want to be treated well, if you don't want to wait for 45 minutes to check in on a Tuesday afternoon (like we did 2 days ago), then go to The VEnetian or The Bellagio.
5	First off, I have to thank the Mandalay Bay concierge for bumping our rooms to what is basically a suite at THEhotel.  It really DOESN'T hurt to ask if we can get an upgrade if you're not being weird/ mean about it.If I had to sum up my stay at THEhotel, it would have to be luxurious, elegant, and relaxing.  This isn't party central, and it isn't a gaming hotel- but seeing that I'm not a big gambler anyways, I was perfectly happy NOT having to walk through the multitudes of machines/ tables to get to my room.  It's a lot quieter than its sister hotel- the Mandalay Bay, but it's also a lot more refined.  If you're here with your significant other or even with family, I would highly recommend this place because you won't get bombarded by all the garish trappings that signify 'traditional' Vegas.Our suite ended up being amazing, and consisted of 2 rooms, one 'living' area with a sofa and the bedroom, with an awesome king bed.  The bathrooms were spacious, and the tubs, while they weren't jacuzzis, were actually bigger than normal- in case you want to take a bath [hinthintwinkwink with more than one persons in there].  The only drawback was probably the toiletries- I was half expecting that they would have better soaps/ shampoos there, but it wasn't a big deal.Front desk was nothing short of amazing.  Closer to the end of our stay, I ended up being in a car wreck, so after hearing about our plight- they were really accommodating about things.  This hotel is probably not for those looking to rage in Vegas, but I would absolutely come back if I get the chance.
4	This hotel is modern and chic! My friend and I booked a suite for 7 people online. It was easy and quick. We didn't encounter any problems when we checked in.Our suite was big enough for 7 people. The living room space had a lot of seats, it had a big flat screen TV, a counter with a bar, and an office desk. The hotel provided an extra bed and the couch could be turned into a bed. The bedroom had two queen sized beds and a TV in the room's bathroom. I thought that was really cool. It was the first time I've ever seen a TV in a hotel bathroom.  I want to install a TV in my bathroom now.
4	The halls look like the halls from Inception (but apparently they're not)! The suite was nice. The pool was nice. LOVE Evening Call downstairs near the casino. DON'T love how far it is from everything!! I had to walk here from CVS in the summer and I wanted to die. We even took the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay tram and I still thought it was far. Maybe because it was like 100 degrees... But even still, ugh. Too much walking. Too many taxis. Still a nice place to stay though
3	To my great and appreciative surprise I received a gracious reply to my letter to M Bay. They were very apologetic and credited an additional night to my bill. Every point was touched upon and an effort made to rectify the problems. Unusual but welcome response.
4	This place is really nice! We stayed here the weekend of 12/30 right before NYE. The hotel was clean, swanky and everything was very first-class. The suites were great with one and one-half bath, three televisions, a full on living room, mini-bar and wall-to-wall windows and mirrors everywhere. The suite bathroom had a jacuzzi tub, shower and private toilet area with two sinks. The only bummer about this hotel was that it was a bit far from the rest of the casino and entertainment, but still if you were to get upgraded to THEhotel, you could do worse.
5	Amazing views, amazing service and an amazing experience. We went here for NYE 2011, and it was outrageous!! TheHotel at Mandalay Bay is a huge step up from regular Mandalay Bay. I really was disappointed with my experience there.Anywho... the suites are gorgeous and lavish. With 1.5 bathrooms and the suite-style room, I definitely felt pampered. There were 6 of us who stayed in the one room and it didn't feel crowded whatsoever. The beds were ridiculously comfortable, as was the rest of the furniture. The housekeepers who came spent at least 1/2 an hour cleaning it, doing a very thorough job. We never had to wait very long when we called for towels or linens and they didn't linger implying they wanted a tip either. We pretty much had to yell at them to come back to retrieve the money that was in our outstretched palms.  The sandy pool area/wave pool thing was closed for the season but they had Moorea, an upscale pool lounge area, open with music and a bar. Several other hotels on the strip didn't have any of their pool areas open, so this was a huge plus considering it was in the 80s over New Year's weekend. LOVED every minute of it, wish I could go back more often.
4	Stayed here last weekend on my friends' birthdays. Mandalay Bay is far from the center of the strip, and the Hotel is no different, but I must say, this is a pretty sweet place to stay.First off, the rooms are nice. Pretty standard hotel suites with a living room and bedroom. The beds and chair are super comfortable, though not the largest suites when comparing to the Palazzo or Trump hotel.Another point worth mentioning is the service. They are extremely polite an attentive, making sure your requests are met. The front desk attendant was very helpful when we wanted to get a limo, and the room service attendants were excellent as well considering we ordered food so late in the night.Awesome place to stay, quieter than Mandalay Bay, which is nice. Stocked with a sink, two restrooms, desk, two TV's. End of the strip, but still close to everything.Large parties, please consider a limo!!!
5	We had standard rooms booked @ Mandalay and tried the $20 sandwich trick (http://www.thetwentydollartrick.com/) and got 2 successful upgrades to THEhotel.  Gorgeous suites w/ a living room, couch, wetbar, and flat panel TVs in both rooms as well as the bathroom.  Even the hallway leading up to the elevators made me feel like such a VIP being able to stay there.
2	I thought this would be an easy 5 after staying a couple of days in a basic suite - which was quite nice and housekeeping did a fine job (although we did have to ask for clean wine glasses every day). But when I upgraded to a penthouse suite, paying more and expecting a lot accordingly, I was quite disappointed. I could have let slide the fact a bottle of men's shampoo sat on the table in the entry area (not sure how the cleaning staff could have missed it - stood out like a sore thumb), and the large cashew crumbs on the rug in the living room. But the crumpled used sheets stashed (not with subtlety) in the wardrobe really sorta grossed me out. A hotel at this level should not make these types of mistakes. Housekeeping also woke me up on the morning I was checking out. I get that I should have set my "do not disturb" button, but on checkout day can't they just confirm with the front desk when the guest has checked out? I agree with some of the other reviews, there are other options that are delivering quality at a higher level at comparable prices and I'll choose one of those next time. I really wanted to be a fan of THEhotel. Sadly disappointed.
2	I would not recommend this hotel. The bellman takes FOREVER...so long that we had to go down and get our own luggage after calling for an hour!The sheets were literally TORN and stained! We didn't notice until the next morning. We tried to leave it evident for the cleaning lady but she didn't change them so we called and asked for the sheets to be changed. They were replaced with more TORN sheets! The hotel doesn't have a casino which was fine for us but the lobby was very smoky! If you want a casino it's just a couple min walk to the adjoined Mandalay Bay.I don't see a place to separately rate the Spa. It was designed not to lounge but more of a man's spa so it's more masculine. The hot tubs weren't that hot. HOWEVER, I think her name was Verona or something like that and she gave me THE BEST deep tissue massage of my life! Sorry I don't remember her name exactly but she's been there 8 years and we went a few weeks ago so I've slept since then! LOL
4	An ode to THE.  How I love THE.  I can't count the ways.  From the comfy beds to the outlets that are placed in just the right spots.  THE is just perfect for me.Do you like what I did there...I made it rhyme, and now you want to stay there. Seriously, this hotel has changed my mind on Vegas hotels...apparently, they don't all have to be generic and slightly run down.  It is nice to be able to walk 2 minutes and be in the casino, but not have to push through it to get in and out of the hotel.I will be staying here again next time I am in town.
4	Really nice rooms.  The only downside is the location, thus only 4 stars. If you want to be near the center of the strip, this is not your hotel. Otherwise, it's a great choice.  Lots of space, 2 bathrooms, separate living room area, and very comfy bed. Tip:  if you have a Keurig, bring some K-cups with you. It will save you $8 a cup in the morning (which is downright outrageous).
4	I was here 2.5 years ago for my first vegas trip. It's REALLY nice. The room is comparable to Wynn or Encore. Two comfortable queen beds, and a separate living room area with a pull out bed nice tv's in both rooms and a bar to keep your alcohol. The bar is great so you don't have to use the table they give you for alcohol. Sometimes when you eat food the next morning, the last thing you want to see is alcohol! at least for a few hours.1.5 bathrooms, GREAT IDEA! Theres a toilet in one bathroom, with the other bathroom being a full complete one. There's a TV in the bathroom so you can keep yourself entertained while shaving, gelling your hair or putting make up on. Separation in bathrooms is key and they are on point!  Shower and tub are separated so you can use both. Toilet has it's own door, so the bathroom can be used by multiple people. When you are getting ready to go out, it's so key to have access to the bathroom, especially when you are with a lot of ladies (no offense) A+ on the bathrooms.The lobby is gorgeous and everything has a trendy sophisticated look to it. Before I was addicted to Vegas, this was my first hotel and I had to pay for the room. They had a great sale/discount at the time. I went on Halloween weekend and it was great. The Limo ride also was fun because we had a large group and they gave us a Hummer at a big discount to keep the taxi line moving. Why must you be so far from the other hotels!
1	A return to the hotel after a fiasco on Thanksgiving weekend of finding drug paraphernalia in  our room by previous guests and a general lack of caring by the security for this, I must say after 12 years of hotel staying at the HOTEL this New years will be my last for sure after the horrible experience that was shown to myself and our traveling friends from all over the US that came just for a fantastic new years experience that the HOTEL promised me to make up for the issues.I had been asked to let the HOTEL to give them another chance and they would give me a deal on the room that I would be staying in on the weekend of New Years. This option I would accept and I would ask several of my friends to come visit Vegas with my guest and I. What I expected was friendly service, a clean room, and an experience that surpassed my expectation of the last failed trip. What I received at check in was a very rude manager who was worth her weight in rudeness and a complete lack of professionalism and knowledge. Even though my reservation was set up around December 1st, there was no communication from front desk to the department that offered the deal. The manager was short with me, and tried to insist on charging me for the entire stay. During New years eve this would be a larger sum than expressed.  My card was charged for almost the whole price of our stay. I was told no one would be there untill the 2nd (checkout)As stated prior, I have stayed with the hotel numerous times. When I came into the room, instantly I could tell that the space was not as it should be. Our beds were missing the duvet covers and instead were stained, "community comforters" that no one in there right mind would touch to themselves. I called down to the front desk and was told it would be right up with the covers because they were being laundered. At 4am, when we returned to our rooms that night, NO Covers. The next day we would go to pick up a package deal we had bought thru ticket master for a New years without  complications. I had talked 4 friends into coming and purchasing them with me. This was based on the fact that the advertising said we could roam the properties bars, free of paying  a cover charge and that we could receive 5 free drinks that night all for one low price. The website for the hotel even stated it. All marketing would lead anyone with basic english  skills to think that that meant ALL bars. It did not. What it meant was that guest could go to bars with no covers EVER, and the bars with cover charges would be upwards of $100+. because it was New Years Eve. Wow.What was funny is we were a group of 5, yet 20 + people were getting there refunds to as it was a huge scam, all put together to entice tourists into thinking they were getting a good deal.What we ended up doing is taking out money, spending not a dollar in the casino, or any money in thehotel and spending our money at the  Wynn. We all gambled a few grand, paid for our drinks and paid covers at places that actually seemed to care about the guest.For the trip being called " a makeup for your last experience" this sure would be more like a Finale.  I was so disgusted with the arguments with the staff over what the employees had said. The next day I had spoken to the head of the Security department and she actually said her associate Barry would never have offered us this time frame when we stayed at the hotel and that I was "lying."  The idiot had the nerve to call me and idiot not even realizing it was in emails. I marched down to the front lobby and had them print off all of them and I showed the  manager. Guest Experience FAIL.  I can tell you, 12 years ago, this would have been the place to stay. With the economy struggling you can really see that the casinos are hurting also. Take a look at all the empty space at the HOTEL. Take a look at how the staff acts, the towels all smell like burnt toast, and the rooms are a mess with the "Usual guests" dope pipes. I would stay at HOOTERS at this point over the HOTEL. This place belongs in Reno.
4	I came to Vegas for work and play.  I was given a suite at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay.  As I arrived, I noticed the dark yet relaxing decor.  The Hotel is more like a spa resort.  Although it's inside Mandalay Bay, it's separate enough to feel like you're in a different hotel.  It has it's own restaurants, cafes and lounge.  There is a check in reservation area directly at The Hotel.  There is also a direct parking and cab drop off/pick up on the bottom floor.  Most cab drivers are not familiar with this.  If you stay here, make sure they drop you off at The Hotel.  Otherwise, you will have a very long walk from Mandalay Bay registration.My suite was very well decorated.  It had a 1/2 bath in the living room and a nice bar area which was well stocked.  There was a large desk to work and a beautiful view of the strip.  The bedroom was huge and had  a king size bed.  The bedroom was well decorated and the bed was very comfortable.  The bathroom had a huge soaking tub (enough for 2) and a large separate shower.  Two sinks with all the necessary supplies you'd have at home.  The toilet was in a separate room within the bathroom.The only part I had a hard time with was at night.  The walls are very thin and there were bunch of people staying in one room.  They were loud up until 4am.  I usually wouldn't mind it but since I had to work, it was irritating.Overall a good experience once I got to know The Hotel better.
2	Hoped for the best, got 'meh'.Pros: Quiet, 2 toliet rooms, linens were luxurious, bed was very comfortable, very clean and smelled fresh, mini shoe polish sponge was unique and useful, Customer service.Cons: Room was dark; dark furnishings, dark paint, low light.  No mini fridge for use, no shower gel/bath bubble just soap, plasma tv really?(no), $8 for in-room coffee, room not cleaned until we called, $25 per day resort fee.With so many places to choose from in Vegas, we will not stay here again.  Would stay @ Mandalay Bay side again though.
1	THE Cafe - service was POOR.  The waitress portrayed an attitude that we were bothering her or not worthy of being in the establishment.  Over the course of 2 hours, 3 people having to flag down a waitress or someone passing by to get the waitress for water or coffee is ridiculous.  I arrived at 7:20 a.m. and there were only 2 other people in the cafe.  Perhaps someone who labors for a living and lives in town doesn't rate the service provided to those with influence or fame.  Fortunately the 2 gentlemen I was with are millionaires and she gave them the same attitude and poor service  Maybe she was just having a bad day, but what a CRAPPY first impression.
5	Loved this hotel! The room was so nice, had a separate living area with flat screen TV, 1.5 bathrooms and the bedroom felt so relaxing. I know others might not like this but it was a little on the dark side but that helps me sleep in Vegas!Never had to wait for an elevator unlike at some of the hotels with a casino and it's so close to the mandalay casino you can go over there to eat and gamble and then head back to your nice quiet, non smoke filled hotel!Would definitely stay here again!
4	Before staying at THEhotel you have the realize where the property is situated. It's at the far end of the strip and while there is a tram (which only runs during certain hours) it's still a distane from all the action. Whether this is good or bad is really up to you and what you expect, however if you are looking to be in the middle of the action this isn't the place to be.THEhotel is a great property to relax at. Nothing is done quickly by the staff at the hotel (which is good and bad). You never get the feeling of being rushed and you never get the feeling of people rushing for you. The property is beautiful and feels upscale.The room was nice, however our TV was broken. Because we were just staying a night we did not request to have it fixed (as it was late at night by the time we turned it on) however when we informed the clerk at check-out about it he really didn't seem to care. Hopefully he made a note after he finished checking us out to have it fixed for the next person. Other than the TV issues the room was just as you would expect out of a property of this level. While it is a little older than Encore, Cosmo, etc... it still provides you with a great room.We had breakfast at TheCafe and while it was good it did not stand out over any of the other hotel restaurants we have ate at for breakfast in Vegas. What stood out was that you weren't right in the middle of a casino gaming floor while eating and it was nice to have some quiet time to relax and chat.Mandalay Bay was a short walk from THEhotel (all covered) which gave us access to more entertainment/gaming options and the tram. With the weather being reasonable (spring time) the walk to neighbouring hotels, such as the Luxor didn't feel that far. Because of the hotel being at the far end it seems like it is a little deceiving, that you are expecting it to be farther away from other hotels than it actually is.THEhotel is perfect for those who are looking for a getaway that allows them to relax in their hotel and enjoy a less dramatic gaming experience (at the Mandalay Bay versus other hotels). If you are a go-go-go person who only wants a place to sleep it does not really seem like it's for you. Get a place in the action surrounded by hotels with more amenities.
1	Very disappointed with the valet and room service.  I had to unload my own car at valet And I never received my room service.  All they did was cancel my room-service order when it was going to arrive over an hour late and didn't even appologize! I want to change resorts immediately! I've worked in the hotel industry and this is no way to treat a guest! Especially when your Not sold out. -room 3916
5	We stayed here for 2 days in August 2011. We asked to upgrade to a jacuzzi suite and all they had was a penthouse. The room was massive! We stayed on the 62nd floor and could see Mix next to us and had a clear view over the airport and part of the strip. We were able to enjoy all of the pool amenities that Mandalay Bay had to offer, although it was somewhat of a commute to the pool area. And we also enjoyed the jacuzzi tub that also has a view of the strip and steam shower!! The accommodations were fantastic, service was extremely helpful and I would recommend staying here, especially in a penthouse suite!
5	Took their offer for free hotel stay and I am impressed.  Great room and great location.  Staff were great.  Nothing to complain here.
4	We were having a mini high school reunion and had a really hard time securing a private room at a restaurant to host a get together. My wonderful wife suggested I look at suites and after a quick search THEhotel fit the bill! They also had a deal where I could get $100 room credit which reduced the bill even further. The small living room area with the couch was just perfect. We asked for a few more chairs. At first, they gave us a hard time but the facilities guy was more than happy to accommodate us. I was bothered that they didn't have any signs that there was an entrance to THEhotel from the parking garage. I had to walk ALL THE WAY AROUND the Mandalay Bay hotel  to get to check in counter. Boy did I feel dumb!
5	Great resort.  Everything is laid out great with the exception of the 2 mile walk to the events center and conference halls.  Room service is great and there is a great selection of amazing restaurants.
5	The word is a-w-e-s-o-m-e. It's an all suite hotel that offers magnificent view of either the mountain or the strip. While hotels' concierge (except Days Inn's lol) have always been helpful to me, The Hotel's level of service is one of the finest. The service matches those that of The Phoenician or other luxury properties. Matthew Reed was the concierge that efficiently helped me. This is far away enough from the college kids crowd on the strip gambling during their spring break. Have you been to Excalibur? It's a different world. Here, you won't smell like pot. Hungry? There are over 30 restaurants to choose from in the nearby Mandalay Bay. And if you are a high roller and want to gamble, Mandalay Bay is attached to it. You won't hear a lot of "blings" though - I am not sure if their slots give money away and I don't think that casino is their business. Unlike other hotels like MGM or The Mirage, there isn't a lot going on. When I was there, there were no shows aside from House of Blues. But they are 10 minute cab ride away. Or 20 minute walk. You'll burn off those fat you gained from Border. The room... clean and pretty. A living room with huge flat screen TV, three seater sofa and a desk so you can work. Wifi is free and comes with the $25 resort fee. Throw the silky pillow on the floor, it feels weird and your head will slide down. Inside the bedroom, there is a big tv, slippers, robes and a lot of hangers. The bathroom is beautiful. The shampoos smell great. The beach... oh the man made beach... is packed with beautiful people AND it's fun. There's a wave pool too! I was here for a conference and it's a hike to go the convention center. You can rent mobility scooters for $80 and be like grandma. Wear hills at your own risk but don't wear sneakers (it's illegal). Come come and you'll enjoy it!
5	I really loved THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Besides having a great room with a wonderful view, the staff here is honestly one of the best in the world. I was not expecting the level of service that I received. Amazing. This is south on the Strip, but it's worth it alone for the great suites, awesome staff, and quiet atmosphere.The separate living room and bedroom is amazing. The bathroom is awesome. Everything is the highest quality. So comfortable.The room service was wonderful. Prompt, 24 hours, and great quality. THEcafe downstairs has the best breakfast. THEcoffeeshop has terrific salads for lunch. THEstore has Perrier with Lime and chocolates.I love that you walk out of the casino and it is instantly quiet here. THEhotel is the oasis in Vegas that I wanted.
5	The WHOLE hotel smelled like a spa. This was an awesome hotel experience and I will definitely be returning. Be sure to go to the burger bar.
4	This hotel is beautiful, the amenities are outstanding. The rooms are decorated beautifully and the staff is incredibly helpful. THE HOTEL is my new go-to for Vegas.also, their SPA is OUTSTANDING. $15 for an all day pass.
5	This is a well hidden secret in Las Vegas its called the Hotel in Mandalay bay.This is a different building from the main Mandalay bay resort.Some of the great benefits I see are easy approach when you are driving in from LA . Once you enter the main parking garage go down the elevators then just walk out from the entrance doors towards the north side of the parking garage and you will directly enter the Hotel. Most people enter the casino then its a very long walk to the Hotel.As this hotel is a compact building you do not see the hordes of people at the reregistration, as it is quick and simple process. The  rooms are quite, beautiful and relaxing. I just love to stay in the room and enjoy the views. There are many restaurants in the resort and you can find almost any kind of food.A tram connects the Hotel with other resorts nearby  and is free to use.The Mandalay Bay Convention Center, located nest to the Hotel  is one of the largest privately owned and operated convention centers in the world. The 1000000 sqft facility is owned by MGM Mirage. It is attached to the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino and adjacent to the Mandalay Bay Events Center. Located on 11 acres, Mandalay Bay Beach provides the ultimate in aquatic relaxation. This world-famous playground offers a wave pool*, lazy river, three swimming pools, jogging track and 2,700 tons of real sand.One can book the rooms on-line quick and easy.The resort is clean and spotless. There is no end to shopping as hundreds of shops are all around this resort.
3	The Mandalay Bay was a great place to stay of for the price that was found on Expedia. I thought cool, I saved 20% by using there service for purchasing. When I arrived at the hotel, I was informed that there would be a mandatory $28 "convenience charge" this included a poor bandwidth connection at best (speed test performed by speakeasy.net) good thing i brought my Clear mobile access which which ran circles around their "bandwidth" its only a 4g connection too! access to the cardio room (didn't use it) a daily news paper ( I could care less) access to dial 800 in room calls (unlimited cell service from my phone........and the best part.......outgoing fax service. I should have faxed a couple hundred pages to some Random fax in India just for the hell of it!.......it was nothing more than a convenient way of re-cooping the 20% I saved........you guys suck!Other than that, I had a great time........THANKS MANDALAY BAY!
4	After 7 years, this place is looking ever-so-slightly worn, but that's only because we had the chance to stay there when it first opened. The rooms are huge (um, guest bathroom? Yes, thank you!), the beds are super comfortable, and the bathrooms are gorgeously appointed. Everything is very clean and tidy.My only complaint? The TVs (bedroom and living room) are massive flat-screens, but are not HD. In 2012, that is a bit of a no-no. But, that certainly isn't a deal breaker since no one comes to Vegas to watch TV...
4	I recently stayed at the Mandalay Bay, and I loved the bedding. I found that Downlite is the manufacturer for the Mandalay bedding, so I purchased some for myself!http:///www.VegasHotelBedding.com
3	I have to say, after dropping $250 a night to stay in a suite I was somewhat disappointed with my experience here.  Check in was fast and the gentlemen at the front desk was super nice; however, I go to my room and I have to say that it was pretty gross.  The tub was dirty, dust everywhere and the sheets and spread looked too worn and dirty for my liking (its called bleach, use it). I also expected the room to be updated a bit more. The TVs were old as was the furniture.  Outside of my room the staff was just ok.  I expected more but I am fairly low maintenance so I didn't require much. I happened to noticed it as I walked through and smiled at employees.  I got nothing in return. MAYBE a curt nod.  We asked the conceirge for some recommendations for our night out and he acted as though we were a complete bother to his sitting on his butt and doing nothing.  I was offered the upgrade prior to my arrival for an extra fee.  Since I do not travel often, I took it in a way to spoil myself. I regret this decision. I feel like I was ripped off.
4	I love, love this hotel.When you walk in, it's beautiful and serene.  We arrived around 10:00 am and were told that our room wouldn't be available until 3:00 (no big shock there) and that our room was not facing the strip.  We explained that we had had a pretty rotten trip to Vegas so far and was there anything he could do for us?  The agent stepped away and 3 minutes later arrived with keys to a VIP room facing the strip, available immediately.  The bellman took our bags and literally had our bags in our room 5 minutes after we got there.We used the Mandalay Beach right away and I have to say, it was a shitshow.  It was crazy packed, chairs and food and people everywhere.  Drink service was excellent, however, which was important!  There are a bunch of chairs that are roped off with extra padding and looked much more calm.  That day (65 and sunny) the chairs were $25/each for the day.  On a warmer day, the price jumped to $50/each, but we did it anyway to get out of the hysteria.  I'm glad we did, it was well worth it.  Unfortunately there were almost NO drink servers out that day.  That might've been a good thing, now that I think about it (hic!).Our room was gorgeous and very, very clean.  I was a little disappointed in the bed though - it was pretty hard!  I'm used to super plush W beds and this wasn't it.  HUGE master bath with walk in shower that I loved.  We used the concierge several times for tickets and they were really responsive to our requests and we never left without reservations or tickets.The only bad point was the hotel cafe.  We stopped down for breakfast on our last day.  There was a woman seated right behind us talking so loudly on her phone that we literally couldn't hear each other.  The restaurant was only about 25% full, so I asked the host if we could move to another table.  This seriously ruined her whole day.  She was confused by my request, so she repeated to me several times what I was asking and eventually, with much sighing and rolling of her eyes, moved us to the one filthy table in the restaurant.  It literally had food on it. We had no silverware and when our food arrived no one offered us any so we had to go get it ourselves.  We are former servers, so we were both pretty shocked at the response to our request.  I swear, we had been really nice all along! Anyway, that was the only hitch.  I would stay here again and again.  And eat breakfast at the Wynn instead.  :)
4	Great place to light up a cigar.They have a Davidoff store on the floor to pick up a cigar in case you did not bring one.Head over to the EyeCandy Lounge and light up your favorite smoke.I was there for a convention and there was at least 5-6 other smokers. Glad to find a cigar friendly casino.
1	First and foremost, the entrance to The Hotel is in a dark parking garage.  Are you kidding me?  It's as if this hotel were just an afterthought to Mandalay Bay.When making the reservation for this hotel, we were told that upon check-in, we could request 2 connecting rooms with 2 queen beds in each.  Rooms connected by a door.  Upon actually checking in, we were notified that nowhere in the entire hotel of 1100 or so rooms did they have this configuration.  So we went for months between making the reservation to check-in believing that it was a possibility, even a probability that we would get this arrangement.  But there was never even a chance. The woman who was checking us in was rude when I told her we could have taken our business elsewhere if we had known.  She told me that she has worked all over the strip and we wouldn't find this anywhere.  Instead of trying to make the situation better, she spoke down to us.I asked for the manager, who was no more help and no friendlier.  She told us that reservations should have known, as if that was supposed to be our fault.  She didn't offer anything to make our experience better.  When I continued to try to make her understand the fault of her hotel, she cut me off, said 'have a nice day' and walked away.  Unbelievable for a hotel that makes a representation of "affording guests a haven of sophistication and service on par with the best boutique hotels in the world" I have had better customer service at a Motel 6, which would have been a better value by far.  We spent 30 minutes standing at the check-in desk.  A total joke.When we finally got two rooms next door to each other, thanks only to housekeeping alerting the front desk that they were ready, we were assured that our airport/strip view was one of the better views.  It was a view of the airport, and that's it.  The rooms are okay.  The entry space is a huge waste of space, as is the extra bathroom.  Speaking of that bathroom, there was human excrement in the toilet upon our entry.  I would have to say that the most ridiculous thing about the rooms is the coffee maker that sits on the counter of the bar, taking up so much space.  It isn't complimentary.  It costs $4 for a cup of coffee with powdered cream.  Another joke.  There was a tear in my pillowcase.  One of the metal fixtures on the door in the bathroom was ripped off.  Housekeeping wouldn't bring fresh glasses.  They forgot to bring fresh towels.  The chair in the sitting area was practically black with grime.  The carpet was filthy.  The water from the tap was so foul that I felt I was in Calcutta or something.  It smelled and tasted like dirty pool water.  Disgusting.  At night, I could hear the music and people from Mix Lounge 20 floors above me.   I just don't see how any of this adds up to "affording guests a haven of sophistication and service on par with the best boutique hotels in the world."  That is a total lie.  I think they should rename it "That Hotel."Another problem is the location.  The entire Mandalay Bay complex is so far removed from the happening part of the strip that it isn't worth the money.  If you want a better, more valuable experience in Las Vegas, stay at the Mirage or one of those hotels in the center of The Strip.  Because for $320/night, this place was not even close to being worth the price.
4	During the first half of my 11 day work trip to Las Vegas, my company made me stay at Excalibur. Cheap bastards.Luckily, I found some friendly and accommodating ladies that let me stay in their room at THEHotel at Mandalay Bay.Wait. It's not what you think.As much as I would love to brag and say that I womanized my way to a pleasurable stay at THEHotel at Mandalay Bay, I can't. Even though that totally rhymed. Anyway, the truth is, two of my clients (who happened to be women) had to wake up at 4 A.M. to catch a flight, so they shared a room the final night of their stay here and let me stay in the empty room. My night here was a fantasy in the super sweet suite with a beautiful bathtub, large comfortable bed, and two ply toilet paper. Nice.Granted, all I did that night was relax, watch TV, and book a hotel for the weekend on my iPhone. My work gave me a weekend per diem to help me pay for my hotel from Friday through Sunday. Whatever money I didn't use in that per diem, they let me keep. So where did I book my room? Excalibur. Cheap bastard. I know.
4	Very trendy new Las Vegas hotel. Not the typicla fluff of enchanted forests and the like, but a solid nice hotel. Did not sleep here, but did spend a full evening in the lounge.
4	The rooms here are excellent. The staff is good. Being part of Mandalay bay is a real plus. Funky front entrance via a parking garage
4	Terrific stay at the V suite- 2 teens and 2 adults.  1.5 bath- living room with 1 master bedroom.  Very comfortable, 3 tvs, great view, amenities, robes and slippers, iPod dock, very nice.
5	My company was attending a convention at the Mandalay bay after doing a little reading about the Mandalay i came across a few reviews about "The Hotel at Mandalay Bay". Which is essentially a monster boutique hotel which is attached to the Mandalay Bay. It has more an adult feel. The rooms are contemporary and little over the top. I believe they are all suites. I had a TV that was embedded into my bathroom mirror. I did not see any kids on this portion of the hotel. It does however share the pool facilities w/ the Mandalay Bay where you have the option of an all adult or the family pool. Everything here was top notch and it's located right on the strip. My colleagues loved the suggestion. Top notch all around.
2	THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay is just ok. For a "high" end suites only hotel this place is ok at best. First let's talk about the suites. The suite was ok compared to the Signature MGM. THE Hotel did not have a full kitchen, we couldn't even put our bottle waters in the mini fridge because they would charge us $25 for just sticking in own water bottles in their mini fridge. The TV's are out dated, my grandma has a better tv then what they had. The bathroom was nice separate tub and shower, two sinks, and even a scale so I can see how much weight I gained after eating at the buffets. The bathroom was the only thing that is worth praising. You can also hear the cars on the freeway from the room and we were on the 18th floor! The air conditioner would blow my face every time it went off when I was sleeping. Freaking blizzard every 10 mins. The check out was a bit of a joke as well. We wanted to pay cash but couldn't because their computer system was down. Hopefully they lost all the info so they can't charge my card. This place is just ok I wouldn't stay here again only if it was for free or when I have kids so they can play and pee in the pool.   The pool at the hotel was nice but too many people in my opinion and the music blaring was not pleasant when you're just trying to relax. There is free self parking.  Also their wireless internet is garbage. Try the Signature at the MGM before you come here.
4	Nice towers, friendly staff, a little dirty In the rooms but nothing crazy or note worthy. I'd stay here again. It even has its own little lobby. Super close to the stairs too that connect them to Luxor.
4	This is a beautiful hotel! Everything is so nice and elegant. Our room was lovely. I don't think there's a bad view in the building. There's a restaurant to fit every taste (probably not every budget, though).I found customer service to be quite lacking though. I've read and heard several complaints about CS being non-responsive. Their computer system apparently was down for at least 4 days (which seems to incomprehensible for a hotel on the LV strip during a big fight/concert weekend). The check-in line was at least 250 people deep. I don't think handing out water and cookies would suffice.  Would I come back here? Possibly...it's just that nice. But before the customer service snafu, it would have been no question. Now, I'll look at a few of the other offerings, too.
5	The Hotel is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas!! Was here at a psychology conference with colleagues in May!  It is easy to get to from the airport and the valet service is fantastic.  It is  the whole package deals with wonderful decor, great rooms, awesome restaurants, and the list goes on!  You could literally spend your entire Vegas trip in this hotel.
1	Very nice room, but: 1) the bedside lights on both side did not work, 2) the housekeeping left us an unwelcome present in the form of a previous guest's filthy wifebeater on the shower curtain rod (and then when we called to have the item removed and expressed concerns about the room's cleanliness, that's all they did - no attempt to clean a single thing or even give us fresh towels), and lastly 3) we left a cd we purchased from the House of Blues that night, when we discovered this we called the "Lost & Found" and left a voicemail - and never got a call back. I'm a local and would never stay at any Strip property normally, but it was a special occasion (seeing the show @ HOB and it was a birthday weekend). Extremely disappointed, disgusted, and a definite waste of money. No wonder tourism is down if this is the type of service & care provided.
2	Overall decent hotel but marred but the problems on the first day hence the rating.  2nd time I've stayed at the Hotel, stayed once at Mandalay Bay both a couple years ago, guess quality has slipped since then.  Stayed at various hotels in Vegas, approx 50 different stays.  I would recommend instead the Venetian or the Palms Place Suites if you still want the larger room but much much better service.  Won't be getting my money anymore.First we booked online with an all day buffet included.  Find out when we try to check in around 3:00 the buffet package wasn't in there system.  Best they could do after arguing was a $40 credit for the buffet which I learned later was only for one day.  This took about 1/2 hour since the line was long and the issue with the buffet.  Later I had to visit the front about the buffet and after more arguing best they could do now was one more day of a $40 credit.  Not happy with having to deal with that mess especially since they going to make it up on all the money we lose gambling to them.  Guess they want us to go eat somewhere else and gamble somewhere else too.So back to check-in.  Told room was not ready and we would get a call when the room was ready.  Past 4:00 and we still hadn't heard.  Didn't want to get into the registration line which was now about 50 people deep so called the front.  Put on hold for 20 minutes and finally our room ready.  Got up to our room, keys didn't work.  Yet another call and told security would let us in.  Yet another long wait 10-15 mins before security finally got up there and let us in.  BTW noticed will in the hallway it smelled of marijuana coming from one of the nearby rooms.  Security just shrugged his shoulder and moved on.  Smelled on and off like marijuana for 2 days.    Room itself was nice.  Noticed immediately one bathroom smelled of cigarettes.  Saw the vent was plugged with toliet paper.  Can't see how housekeeping could miss that which brings up questions of how well they clean the room.  Saw more signs of dirtiness when I dropped some change underneath the couch.  A small forest of debris of food and other junk underneath there.  Ate at the buffet twice, once for breakfast and lunch.  Kind of glad only got credit for 2 meals.  The buffet is mediocre at best.  The food quality is poor, the prime rib was stringy and chewy, and how can you not have sourdough bread for breakfast.  Ate at the Burger Bar which is excellent.  Otherwise we went off property to eat and sometimes gamble.Pool was great.  Staff there was good- whistled some morons who were dropping their ashes in the water, they were on the ball.  Annoying to see chairs with towels on them for hours on end with nobody coming out to sit on them. Went to the Shark Reef- about 30 minutes of stuff to see.  A bit over priced but they do have some decent exhibits.Final review- going stay at the Venetian next time.  Instead of trying to keep us as customers, The Hotel tried to nickel and dime us.  If we'd booked near or on that day we would of gotten a cheaper rate ($200+ less) with a better buffet package.  Instead the staff screwed us over and wouldn't cut us a break even though it would of cost them next to nothing.  Poor decision.
2	Booked here twice only got to stay once.  May not go back without offer.  Stayed here on a comp for Superbowl 2011 and had to still pay for the most expensive night for 6th FLOOR PARKING VIEW!  The room was nice but walls are paper thin and the HDTV's are no good without an HD signal.  The WiFi stinks so I bring my own router now wherever I stay.My most recent trip was for a single night memorial day weekend.  I guess if you have a late flight they will give your room to someone else.  There were 3 of us and no queen rooms left.  We were comped a rollaway and given the 2,000 sq ft media suite at the MB instead.  Sounds great right?  Well it was until we tried to sleep and the elevator kept us up all night.  The room was huge and awesome but way too big for 3 people even if there was only a king to sleep in.  I would've rather had a normal 2 queen bed like I requested just to avoid getting stuck right next to the elevator.  I would only recommend this place on a comp offer and if nothing else is available.
3	The price was right since we went on an off day and their computers were down, $100 before taxes and fees for one of their suites but we kinda got what we paid for-- The staff was helpful and nice and the room was spacious but cleanliness had a bit to be desired.  The towels were stiff and smelled a little peculiar (though we felt certain they must have gone through a wash), one of the complimentary robes smelled strongly of women's perfume, and the sheets had a gray residue like clean sheets had been rubbed against something dirty.  We didn't have a chance to work with the staff on a resolution so I don't know if they would have compensated us in some way.All in all, for our 8h Vegas layover it was a decent place to rest your head just not the luxurious get-away experience for which I was hoping.
2	Beautiful, but boring!  I love the minimalist contrast between lights and darks for decor in the hotel halls and lobby downstairs.  There's a very quietly chic vibe to the place.  The suites are elegant and luxurious, I love how we had 1.5 bathrooms, especially since I had to share with 2 other girls, so that there wasn't a lack of primping space.  Service is friendly and efficient, we were able to check in without a hitch at the front desk and their concierge service made booking shows and reservations a breeze.  I requested a view of the beach/pool, which I was excited about, however, upon looking out my window, I got a wide expanse of parking lot with the pool being about a mile away.  Duh, the pool is actually a part of Mandalay Bay, not THEhotel which is just an extension of MB. (this was another pain in itself as I had to walk forever to get from my suite to the pool area)theHotel is just so far from everything.  I like the restaurants, but the shopping is a little lame and there aren't any real clubs here, only lounges.  There's hardly anyone here and when there is a bit of a crowd, it's mostly the older set who are interested in gambling and drinking, not the nightlife.  There just isn't anything to do here!  I knew I should have stayed on the other end of the strip like I normally do.Sorry, but I won't be returning.
5	I just love this place. Over the top quality suites, great service, staff always smiles, the decor is top notch and the beach pool, lazy river and overall party mood of the Mandalay Bay makes this a top destination in my book.Can't go wrong whether you travel on business (free Internet) or want to have a great bachelor(ette) party, bring a special someone or bring your family, or just want to relax (avoid the beach pool) this the place to go.Many options for food and they take care of you.
5	We go to Vegas at least twice a year and most often stay at the MGM but have stayed up and down the strip - Encore @ Wynn, Caesar's, Luxor, Planet Hollywood, Flamingo and Palms. This time we decided to stay at THEhotel and without a doubt we have found our Vegas home. Check-in was friendly and helpful. We arrived about 10:30 and they checked our bags so we could go to the pool and then called when our room was ready. Friends had raved about the pool @ Mandalay and they were right. The wave pool and lazy river combo kept our daughter entertained for hours. We ate/drank everyplace by the pool and what we really liked is not only the friendliness of the staff, but how we didn't feel milked for every last penny. Food, drink, lattes and pastries in the morning and dinner at House of Blues were all very reasonable and help to guarantee that we'll be taking the trip back more often. The Junior Suite is more than enough room for our family and that space was helpful so we could relax as a couple and as a family. Bell and valet service was extremely prompt. All in all a great time and it looks like we've found our home in Vegas :)
4	Still like the hotel at Mandalay Bay.  Great rooms, very comfortable and relaxing.I like the soak-er tub, separate shower, TV in the bathroom (so you can soak in your bubble bath and watch TV at the same time).  Hey a hard night partying and drinking and a little r and r is needed....Rooms can be had at discounted rates and its nice to have a nice place to crash after enjoying the sites of Vegas.
4	Love this place. If you want great service no interruptions, this is the place to stay. Enjoyed dancing all night at the mix lounge. If you want to dance till you can't anymore this is the place to go to. The mix lounge is in the hotel. It closes until 4am. It's great. The only thing I disliked about my room was that it was to dark, so if your curtains were closed you totally felt like you were in a dungeon.
1	So, I actually got a very nice response (not like the form letter above), where they acknowledged "their bad" and and offered a comped room for one night's stay good for year. Oh, but I am required to still pay the "resort fee" - I'm sorry, that's f*#(ing insulting and a scam.
5	Stayed here in SEPT 2009 for my sister's Bachlorette party!  We had the suite it was stunning with a view.  Also the staff was friendly as usual. The valet staff are always nice too!  We enjoyed our stay here I must say. I absolutely LOVE the Mandalay Bay pool the best I've seen :)
1	Let me start by saying that I know that this is not a common occurrence (or at least I hope not), but why risk it?I recently stayed at The Hotel with a friend, and had several thousand dollars worth of personal items stolen out of our room by a person who had a key to the room. The safe in the room was not working, so we were unable to lock up our items. The hotel staff were not helpful and treated us like a burden rather than like a customer. They were unwilling to give us any helpful information, or to even give us a copy of our voluntary statement until we asked for it in front of police officers (the Las Vegas police by the way, are amazingly helpful and friendly). The hotel is claiming that they did nothing wrong because their computers show that the door was not left open, and that the room was only entered with a guest key. Right! We must have stolen our own stuff! That makes so much sense!And, forget getting any help from their risk management department (the group that does the investigations). We've called so many times and have received so much conflicting information about when our investigator will be in the office, or when they will call us back. And when we HAVE been able to talk to them, it's basically "We've done nothing wrong. You should have done x, y and z. And finally, we are only able to provide details or do a deeper investigation (looking at video surveillance) at the request of the police."The rooms are nice, but there are other hotels with similarly nice rooms, that have a better location, and treat their guests well. And do you really want to stay at a hotel that can't keep track of who they give their guest keys to, and risk having someone other than yourself and your travel companion(s) be able to enter the room?I hope no one else has to go through this. I almost never do online reviews, but I thought it was really important for people to know this story. Happy vacationing!
4	I haven't been to Vegas in years and I was very excited that I was going to re-visit my old stomping grounds.  A friend of mine recommended to stay at the Mandalay Bay because they had a great wave pool for sonny boy.We arrived at the Mandalay Bay and were attempting to check in as follows:  *  10:20 am - Hubby informed Mandalay desk person that we were checking in.  *  Mandalay inhospitable staff person states, "You cannot check in until 10:30 am.  *  Hubby replies, "That's in 10 minutes...can't you get my information now?" *  Mandalay inhospitable staff person replies, "NO".So, we get step aside and wait 10 minutes to check in for the 2nd time.  We are fortunate that we did not get that inhospitable desk person again and dealt with a more pleasant and properly trained staff person who informs us that we actually have reservations for TheHotel which was around the corner from the Mandalay Bay reservations desk.We check into TheHotel at the Mandalay Bay but were informed that our room would not be ready for an hour.  We were told that they would call us when the room was available.  So, off we went to grab something to eat at the Mandalay Bay Cafe.  We received the call that our room was ready half way through our meal.  We arrive to our room and the Mandalay amenities and I was pleasantly surprised with the following:  (1)  Separate Living Room Couch, chair, desk, tv, wet bar, and floor to ceiling windows in a separate living room area.  Roomy, clean, modern and nicely decorated.(2)  Powder Room and Full BathroomSeparate powder room located in the foyer.  In addition, full bathroom with separate shower, bathtub, and toilet room.  Plus, a big twin vanity area with a lil flat screen tv.  Very Nice!(3)  Separate BedroomSeparate bedroom with 2 queen beds, tv, lots of storage area, and floor to ceiling windows.  Beds were comfy.... =)(4)  Free Wi-Fi & Smoke Free RoomsMakes your stay so enjoyable!(5)  Mandalay Bayside BuffetBuffet dinner for $29 per person including unlimited champagne, white & red wine, or beer.  A great value!(6)  Various Restaurants In The Mandalay Bay A big plus to have a variety of restaurants in the resort area because you get sick of the buffet quickly!(7)  StarbucksLocated on the ground floor of TheHotel....wonderful!(8)  Wave PoolThere's a height limit that kids need to meet to enter the wave pool....fantastic!  The waves don't come that often so it's more like a huge pool which is very relaxing and refreshing when it's 107 degrees outside.Some of the negatives of TheHotel:  -  The staff are not very friendly and seem unhappy to be working at the resort. -  The resort is far from the other hotels and shopping areas.  Not very convenient and there wasn't much action in the casino.-  One day, we left our room at 7:00 am and returned at 4:30 pm to find out that our room was not cleaned.-  Besides the wave pool, there is no other place to escape from the heat.  The lazy river is so tiny and was filthy at 9:00 am in the morning.  I enjoyed my stay at TheHotel at the Mandalay Bay Resort.  I luved my roomy 2 room suite with 1 1/2 bathrooms.  I would return again.  4 Stars!
5	still the best non-generic 5 star hotel I have stayed at.  I have not stayed at Encore, Cosmo or Aria yet... I always get the second best suite, so this has always been nice!
1	Robbed while asleep at " The Hotel"  Security did not want to make a report.  They wanted it swept under the carpet. The person came into our room while we were there and sleeping. You would think that they would care- but they did not.
5	I just got back from a fantastic weekend break at THE hotel at Mandalay Bay. I really enjoyed my previous stay at Mandalay Bay last year and my expectations for their boutique tower were high. Let's just say that THE hotel exceeded my highest hopes in almost all areas. First of all the interior design of the public areas and the suites is absolutely gorgeous- everything oozes class, refinement, sophistication, and sublimely good taste. My corner suite was totally amazing- three flat-screen TVs, living room, one and a half bathrooms, huge designer tub and a beautiful marble shower stall, all drenched in tasteful shades of brown, black, and fifty shades of gray (sorry, I had to! :). At night, the views from my suite were spectacular also. A cool aspect to THEhotel experience is that guests are only a very short walk (2 minutes)  away from the main Mandaly Bay resort even though it feels like you are staying in a completely different hotel. The dining and drinking options are outstanding and the pool is spectacular but jammed with people (which is to be expected on a weekend in July). The shops and eateries/bars at the Mandalay Place retail corridor are nice too- special mention should go to the ice bar Minus 5 and the very authentic Irish pub Ri Ra (pronounced Ree-Raw BTW).  The only thing that is conspicuous by it's absence is the lack of a proper dance club but there is live music nightly at the House of Blues. The shark tank exhibit is a must-see also and well worth the cover price. If you are a gambler, the casino is huge but not overwhelming, on weekends the lowest table minimums (for blackjack anyway) hover around $15 during the day and rarely drop below $25 at night. However there is cheaper gambling next door at Luxor and even cheaper still at Excalibur (the next resort up the strip), both of which can be reached in a 5-10 minute walk or by a very fast tram service. All of the staff I interacted with were extremely professional and went out of their way to be welcoming, friendly, and helpful. Customer service is excellent too- housekeeping overlooked my room on one day of my stay, and when I mentioned this at check out, all of my resort fees were waived for the entire visit. All in all THEhotel provides excellent value for money and provides a sophisticated and delightful vacation experience. I'll definitely be returning.
4	Great hotel with everything you could want in a Vegas hotel/casino/resort. The restaraunts were yummy. It's the southern most casino on the strip so it's away from all the chaos, which is a good and bad thing. I liked that the self-parking deck is a close walk. My only complaint is with the elevators. There is simply not enough of them. Many times I had to wait over 5 minutes for an elevator. Also, during checkout times they reach max capacity and you have to pass on a few of them going down to the lobby. At one point I decided to take the stairs from the 29th floor, though I eventually realized it wasn't worth it.
4	I've stayed at The Hotel in LV quite a few times before, but you never really realize how great a place is until you've gotten sick on vacation! We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for the first few days, and by the time we checked into The Hotel I was full on incapacitated. So instead of spending my time as planned on the poker tables at the WSOP, I spent most of my day in one of three places;- The super comfortable bed, watching Law & order reruns.- In the super large soaking tub, watching Law & Order reruns, partaking in room service.- In a cabana by a private pool, comped to me because they sympathized with my being sick (also, I think to make the other guests more comfortable as I was hacking up my lungs by that time.)The Hotel doesn't have it's own dedicated casino, it shares the floor with Mandalay Bay and that casino is okay, not my favorite, but they still have FIREBALL, which is one of preferred penny slots. Their poker room is kind of slow, there usually aren't many participants in the tournaments, and they rarely spread more than 2 or 3 games at a time. What I do love about The Hotel is their service, it is top notch, and their relationship with Manadalay Bay means you have access to a great selection of restaurants, their many pools (including a top-tional beach) and several shops.
5	If you're a snobby/condescending rowdy college student who acts rich but really isn't, please don't come here!!!  This isn't one of "those" hotels.  And PLEASE PLEASE don't register 20 friends in a room for a couple nights at this hotel and party up.  There are OTHER options.As mentioned in previous reviews, finding the lobby to TheHotel was confusing due to very little informational signage.  The hard part was finding this place once I parked my car.  So remember this shortcut tip to get to the lobby:- via parking-lot escalators:  go to level 1 and make a left- via parking-lot elevator:  go to level 1, then go out towards the parking structure and make a right.  The decor is dark/contemporary and modern...very attractive and upscale.  Pedestrian traffic was minimal compared to other hotels.  At check-in, there were about 10 people ahead of me which is very short by Vegas standards.  Compared to The Trump Hotel, TheHotel is a little nicer in my opinion.  Unlike The Trump which is completely isolated from anything, TheHotel has just enough isolation to keep non-guests at bay, but is interconnected to so many things (i.e., parking structure, shops, Luxor, Excalibur, restaurants, Starbucks) so stepping foot in the horrendous summer heat is completely avoidable if one so chooses.  True...TheHotel lacks a nightclub, but that's not necessarily a bad thing for those seeking serenity.  Loud party-goers will likely stay elsewhere.Other highlights:- beautiful mountain views from the 15th floor- all the rooms are suites, - plenty of fine dining options
3	i hated the hotel, loved the hotel, loathed the hotel, and resented this hotel all throughout my stay this past weekend...we arrived at the hotel around 330pm on friday...we waited in line to check in until 430 no JOKE. they had 3 people working the check-in (WHY IN THE WORLD DONT  YOU HAVE MORE EMPLOYEES CHECKING PEOPLE IN ON A FRIDAY AT 3PM CHECK IN TIME!) it was quite irritating and tiring after a long drive to wait but they walked around with water tryna make people more comfortable...no, everyone was hydrated but still annoyed.  we checked in and WHATTYA KNOW she told us our room was still being cleaned and we would have to wait an HOUR for it to be ready...what the crappp when I asked her why it wasn't ready when checkin is at 3 she said "thats not a guarantee" ew...so ew...after the girls and i settled in a corner for 40minutes and no call with our room number we moved over to sit in the lobby seating area...after almost 55minutes we went to the concierge and he gave us the room number ...WHEN WAS THE ROOM READY!!!!!!!!! why didn't they call me as soon as it was done?? why did we have to wait till past 5pm! right when we turned away from the concierge i got a call with our room number...u bastards...btw why are there so many dogs in the lobby??we got to our room and we loved that there was a bathroom outside with the living room and a large bathroom 2 sinks a tub & shower and toilet in the bedroom with our 2 queens... LOTS of mirrors everywhere which is amazing for a room full of girls getting ready in vegas!!the sinks were clogged and water in the 2 sinks in the bathroom would drain at a disturbingly slow pace but we couldn't move rooms we were too tired so we just dealt with it.  there were some stains on the duvet and the couches and the leather desk chair had been chewed apart on the arm rest...from a doggy for SURE!pools are lovely @ mandalay....the walk from the entrance to your room is QUICK unlike other hotels where you have to walk through a casino, the valet service was quick, and everything else was a-oki loved the room set up but i didn't enjoy everything wrong with the room.  the fact that they are so inefficient at check in, its a dog friendly hotel (i love dogs but not in the rooms I'm sleeping in), and the uncleanliness is a turn off..btw quiet hotel considering its vegas...if ur here to party go elsewhere...if ur here to rest with ur dog and have a nice weekend at the pool come here!
5	I stayed at The Hotel June 20th in an H suite. I paid about $145 for a Sunday night. The room was in the corner facing the Luxor, and was clean and spacious. The Hotel was experiencing elevator problems, and it took about 45 min from check in to room. I love this hotel. Pool is best in Vegas. Don't be cheap, upgrade to all suite hotel...worth every penny.
5	Just returned from another 5-day stay at the THEhotel and it was nothing short of amazing.  Our Las Vegas summer trips have become a tradition the past couple of years.  Our kids refuse to stay anywhere else in Vegas because they absolutely enjoy the beach and the pools at Mandalay.  We love THEhotel because it is the non-gaming, non-smoking and a quieter and more sophisticated all-suite tower of it's sister property, MandalayBay.  Paul at the front desk checked us in quickly.  I asked if there were any penthouse suite upgrades available and unfortunately he was not able to offer us any upgrades for the first night.  He informed me to call in the next day and alas, the following day we were upgraded to a beautiful suite on the 62nd floor with 180 degree view of Vegas from the mountains, strip to the airport.  The suite has a large foyer, hardwood floors and at least 1500+ sq ft.  There is a sofa sectional, dining table for 6, bar area, office, desk and sitting area (couch plus two chairs) in the bedroom, en suite in the bedroom with a gigantic jetted tub and a shower that doubles as a steam room.  It's also nice to have an add'l half bath in the suite.  The suite is set up for surround sound with at least 6 sets of in-ceiling speakers.  Drapes are controlled electronically with a wall mounted unit.  Since we transferred from a two queen suite, they offered us 2 roll-aways for the duration of our stay.  I also love that they stock the bathrooms with my favorite brand L'Occitane.  Our new suite also had the standard plush bathrobes and slippers that are also in their regular suites.  After a long day of swimming and being a Resortist :), it was nice to be able to retreat to our spacious suite to unwind for the rest of the day.  The kids also got a kick out of the helicopters that were often outside our window.  Just a couple of tips:1.  Bring  your own K-cups, sugar, creamer and paper cups for the Keurig coffeemaker.  In-room coffee is not complimentary.2.  For a shorter route to the pool, go out the front entrance towards valet and cut across the garage to the MandalayBay entrance from the same garage.3.  Bring your own tubes for the pool.  They blow them up for you.  The giant tubes at the MandalayBeach store are $25. 4.  Enjoy the pool later in the afternoon 2pm-close.  During the summer, it starts cooling down a bit (although not much) later in the day.  It's also easier to find empty lounge chairs during this time.5.  There are many food options at Mandalay, THEhotel and at The Shoppes at Mandalay Place sky-bridge.6.  Install the MandalayBay app on your smart phone for tips and add'l deals during your stay.The only minor issues we had was the spotty wi-fi.  Cell reception is just awful in any Vegas hotel, regardless of the carrier you go through.  Not really the hotels'  fault, but I wish something could be done about it.  We always felt safe at THEhotel but I wish they would add security guards that check room keys by the elevators.  It just adds that extra level of security that is pretty standard at other Vegas hotels we've stayed at.  I was told that they would be starting a remodel of the rooms starting in early 2013.  I'm looking forward to seeing all the updates when we return.I can't say enough about the staff at THEhotel...from the front desk, housekeeping and the valet.  Everyone we encountered was welcoming and courteous.  The front desk staff went out of their way to make sure that our requests were met.  We encountered issues with our DVD player and called down for assistance late at night.  Nobody ever came to fix the DVD player so Paul was kind enough to give us a complimentary movie for the night.  The housekeeping staff always kept our room fresh and maintained.  The valet guys are quick, topnotch and always offer complimentary cold water bottles to keep you hydrated.  If you encounter the same excellent service, please do tip them accordingly and generously.  Thank you for another wonderful trip for the memory books.  We're already looking forward to our next stay...
5	Very impressed with this hotel.  Our room was very clean, had a separate tv room and two bathrooms.  We were able to bring our dog with us and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Only thing I would like to see is free wi-fi.
5	Loved The Hotel. Great rooms. Smells amazing. Best pool in Vegas! Will return again!
1	Despite the assurance that a " very thorough investigation" is done, do not be fooled. I did regularly try to contact Risk Management, and kept getting the run around. Out of 15+ calls, I was only able to get the person handling our issue on the phone twice. Never got a call back, even if promised that I would get a call back by the end of the day. I was assured that the room was only entered by a guest key and that the door was not somehow left open. We had our guest keys with us when the theft happened, and I could not get a straight answer on how many guest keys were made. Somebody screwed up, and the hotel refuses to take responsibility. It was also a convenient coincidence that the safe didn't work. And last but not least, the hotel will tell you that this is a rare occurrence, but if you look around at reviews on the web, you'll see that there are other similar stories, and some where the people were sleeping in their rooms. We also had one of the security officers tell us that several similar incidents had happened on that the THEHotel property that night. Hotel managers and other security officers told us the exact opposite. If something happens to you while staying at the THEHotel property, do not expect honesty or help.
4	Family of 5... Mom, dad and 3 young kids under 7. Is this the right hotel for us! ABSOLUTELY! We've stayed here dozens of times and won't stay anywhere else on the strip. Why? Clean and modern hotel that has enough space for all of us to stay in one room, polite and attentive staff and best of all, the most amazing pool in Vegas!My kids are very well-mannered and fit well with the hotel. I like to experience Vegas this way as opposed to the craziness of places like Circus Circus and Excalibur. THEhotel is in a league of its own and well worth the price we pay. Be prepared for an upscale experience.The pool is amazing and the kids love both the wave pool and the lazy river. Even when it's crowded, it's still never crazy crowded and the staff keeps everything well maintained. There's always someone sweeping the sand off the walkways and monitoring the water. But with most places you frequent often, you'll always find a few things to complain about... For starters, I wish they would keep the pool open later, especially since the sun doesn't set until 8:30 during the summer. Also, the price to rent cabanas and even chairs and an umbrella are pretty insane! They should have more shaded areas to keep guests, especially kids, protected from the hard-beating sun. They should have more food options. When you're hanging out by the pool everyday, all day, you easily get tired of the same old chicken fingers, burger and salad. Lastly, a little better upkeep of the sand would be nice. My kids will be digging and playing in the sand and end find used cigarette buds or used drink stirrers and stuff.But all in all... Iove this place and can't wait to come back!!!
5	Amazing hotel. Not only is a suite. It is also nicely decorated. It is expansive, but i get a discount. I love the room and it is glamorous. Decoration is awesome. It is two rooms. It comes with two bathrooms. a sofa living area and standing shower and a spa. It is worth the money. Also it is right next to Mandalay Bay. Plus the casino is loose and it is easy to win. I highly recommend this place.
1	To celebrate a birthday, 4 sisters, 1 daughter and 1cousin spent 3 days at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay this past weekend.  Very disappointing, it's our second time at the hotel, and it will be our last.  We booked 2 rooms together with queen beds, and we were given king  rooms at opposite ends of the 18th floor.    We were told we should have called the week prior to check-in to request the rooms be near each other.  When we said that we called 2 weeks prior, 1 week prior and 2 days prior to request the rooms together,  we were just told that's 'the best they can do'.  Then he said the Hotel didn't even have rooms with queen beds.....(NOT TRUE) A few unfortunate negatives were:- When we checked in we had to lug our own bags upstairs and there was a MOLDY,   I MEAN FUZZY GREEN MOLDY room service tray in front of one of our rooms that stayed there for 24 hours. There were bags of empty boxes and garbage and green fuzzy cheese and strawberries.- There were not bathrobes, no slippers and no towels in our room.-  Most  of the staff that we had contact with, were not very friendly and seemed    unhappy to be working at the resort. - The woman at the cafe would not give me small bills for change when I paid for our breakfast.  I asked for 2 tens and 2 fives and she said no, she couldn't do that....(even though I could see she had a lot of five's and ten's in the register...)-  The wave pool, and lazy river are tiny and took about 10 minutes to walk to through the casino area....- These were supposed to be Suites, but there were no refrigerators and the Kurig coffee pot was there, although they told us it was $4.00 for each cup of coffee.- We asked for late check out for one of the rooms since our flights didn't leave until 5:30 and they said they could not accommodate us. On Sunday morning we asked for our bill so we could come back to pay.  He asked how our stay was, and we said we would have liked our rooms to be closer together, and he asked what time we checked in.  When we told him we arrived on Thursday evening he laughed...  He actually LAUGHED and said ' Well, that's why we couldn't get you rooms together... you have to check in early in the morning'.  (Isn't check in 3:00?)Don't bother staying at this hotel.  There are tons of other options...
5	I am now a fan of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay! It is everything you expect from an upscale hotel in Las Vegas. I want to commend the staff on how friendly and accomodating they were. From the wonderful people in their cleaning service, to the security guard to the front desk and the concierge, everyone was super friendly! They treated us like VIP's ... even though we weren't. Bravo to the staff at The Hotel!
4	This hotel was swanky... the only thing in the mini bar was a full bottle of Patron, swanky. The beds were super comfortable, the rooms enormous, and the lights able to be appropriately dimmed. Also, I'm pretty sure you could fit five people inside that bathtub, if you're into that sort of thing.It wasn't the quietest room I've ever been in and I had to do a solid amount of complaining to get my extra pillows, but other than that the stay was perfect.
4	Rooms: We were pleasantly surprised at the size and comfort of the suites here. The beds are very nice, the bathroom large, and the half bath in the hall totally convenient if you have more than 2 people in the room. The couch and sitting area is really comfortable. Our room overlooked the Luxor pyramid which was beautiful at night! The casino here is huge! I still am not sure I saw all of it after a weekend. Saturday night they had a classic rock cover band playing in the casino so that was fun. The Mandalay shops are right there too, as well as Starbucks and some restaurants. Check out was super easy, and they will hold your bags if you have a later flight. YES!Pool: The wave pool was really fun and the lazy river was the best. We got a cabana in the west lagoon for our group and it was the perfect place to spend the day. Service was friendly and attentive. The cabanas come with 2 tubes for floating which really came in handy.The CONS - its a bit down the strip. It was about a $15 taxi each way to the Cosmopolitan area and about $15 from the airport. Our shower didn't drain well, ugh. That was pretty annoying, but shame on us for not calling to get it fixed. The pool area is a pretty far walk from the rooms. Probably over 10 minutes away. Lastly, when we arrived on a Friday afternoon the line to check in at the front was very long! It took over 20 minutes to get to the front, which is longer that I have ever waited. Very annoying when you are just arriving and want to get going. The pros outweighed these things. I would definitely stay here again. Its an amazing hotel.
1	I have continued to try to contact Risk Management to figure out if they can tell me how many keys were made to our room. Surprisingly... still no response. I have however received a lovely letter in the mail saying that the investigation has been closed, that no fault has been found on the part of TheHotel and that they hoped the rest of our visit was nice. No details in it what so ever. Do they really think that providing no further information and following it with a message hoping our stay was nice makes any sense?I still want to know how the hotel thinks that someone entered our room if we were gone with our keys, the door was not left open, and the room was only entered with a guest key. How can it be hard to determine how many guest keys were made?  Do I really have to hire a lawyer or spend time and money marketing my story to get the hotel to take responsibility for their mistake and to hopefully care more about the safety of their guests?We had thousands of dollars worth of personal items stolen from our locked room and the safe conveniently didn't work. There's nothing about the service at this hotel that is good. Do not stay here! It's not safe. We're just lucky that we weren't in our room when the thief came in. Scary!
3	Since I am newer to Yelp, I am just getting around to posting this.  This is a review for Memorial day weekend last year. We decided that we loved the look and feel of the Hotel and decided to stay. I booked a suite, and they are located at the end of each hallway. The "panoramic view" is not panoramic at all. The windows are tiny slivers of a view.  And I found what "view" we did have, disappointing.  The room itself was clean and beautifully decorated.   Staying at the Hotel in a suite, I was hoping the view would match the price tag.  Not so much.  I have stayed at Mandalay and their standard room is just as adequate and boasts breathtaking views.  The pool, while nice, is dated.  You can't relax in a wave pool, order drinks from the pool etc.  I don't want to go to a water park, I want to relax.  It's definitely something the other hotels have a leg up on.
4	If you're looking to get away from the Vegas madness, THEhotel is a great option.  It doesn't have the casino feel as much as other hotels do (like Caesars and the flamingo, which allow pets as well).. but you can walk across to the Mandalay Bay and get your casino fix there.Bringing Fido:- They greeted him with a bag of treats and a special doggie menu with fresh cooked meals.- $50/day for the pet fee, but totally worth it!   - You can play fetch with Fido on the entire floor which is so cool!  Pets have to be crated though when you leave..The bedroom is separate from the living area and there's a a toilet in each side = awesome for privacy!  The suit required to get a pet room is AWESOME!  There's a desk to get work done, the room is really modern (unlike some of the other 'tray hard' ones here in Vegas), the sofa in the living space pulls out into a bed, and there's a flat screen in both the living area and bedroom as well. Two thumbs up in my book!  THEhotel is now my GO TO place when I bring Fido to Vegas :)
1	I had to stay one night in Vegas on business, and I booked a room at Mandalay Bay.  I paid for it in advance.  When I got there to check in, they said they had "upgraded" me to THE Hotel.  They had already assigned me to a particular room, and they gave me the key.  I took the key and walked back through the casino to the hotel entrance,When I got to the room, I saw that it was really tiny by Vegas standards.  It was nice enough, but when I went to plug in my laptop I saw that there was no desk, no chair, and astonishingly, there was only one electrical outlet in the whole room!!  I was there on business, and I couldn't plug in.  I was too tired to go back downstairs and change rooms, so I stayed - it was only one night after all.  But I've never actually seen a hotel room before that didn't have a desk, a chair, or electricity.  All it was was a room with a bed.  It did have two bathrobes and two sets of slippers - but nowhere to sit down.  Business travelers beware!
5	We arrived and the check in was quick and the staff very curtious. Or room was on the 37 th floor across from each others room. We came with a family of 8 two suites for the family. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The kids wanted to go to the beach and the pool, so went down and the place is awesome where can you get a beach in a hotel in Vegas? The kids enjoyed the lazy river, pool, and the favorite was the wave pool. They had a blast and have to say it was very nice to have a place where you can have fun with the family and when the time your ready to head back to the hotel room you don't have to be in a building full of the smell of smokers or have the tourist from other hotels walking around. That's why we choice The Hotel  at Mandalay Bay and not Mandalay Bay. Love the place and will be back.
4	This place used to be the best most posh hotel but now it's slipped a little. The plumbing is really fucked up. We had to have to toilets unclogged twice while we were there. Also we didn't use the tub as it smelled like the toilet and we had a fear of the pipes backing up ecoli into the water. Mandalay still has the best pool area in my opinion but the hotels are now just so so. I think next time I go I'll try one of the newer ones that opened up.
4	Every time we visit Las Vegas we try to stay in a different hotel...so this past weekend we stayed at The Hotel for the first time. Here are my thoughts:The Good:1. From the vibe to the decor, everything is very quiet and calm. 2. Rooms are enormous and clean (With the exception of the throw pillows on the bed. Those could use a wash or two). We had a suite with two queens, a living room, and 1.5 bathrooms. And the view? Fabulous.3. The Cafe is excellent. Had breakfast there twice and for a hotel restaurant I will say that the quality is better than expected and the prices quite reasonable. I highly recommend the smoked salmon and the pancakes.4. The Bathhouse is a great spa. I don't do spa treatments often but since Amex was kind enough to give us a $100 spa credit I went ahead and had a 25 minute facial for $85. Yes it was expensive but afterwards I used the gym, sat by the indoor pool, and spent some time in the sauna, so I'd say I got my money's worth. And really, the man who did my facial was excellent. 5. My 7-year-old and husband loved the wave pool and lazy river...which was a good thing because that's why we stayed at The Hotel.The bad:1. The one time we utilized them, the concierge was utterly unhelpful and a bit on the rude side.2. The Hotel is on one end of the strip so it's really inconvenient to most other hotels and shopping. Be prepared to pay for a lot of cabs if you want to leave the hotel.3. Tacking on "The" to everything can be a bit tiresome after a while. But I suppose I'm easily annoyed by kitschy marketing.Overall I think we'd probably stay here again if we brought our daughter with us. But if we took a kid-free trip I'd rather be more central and I'd likely stay in a hotel closer to the middle of the strip.
4	As far as the hotel goes.  I was very impressed.  All rooms are suits and we had an excellent one with a view of the strip.  The sitting room has a desk with complimentary wifi, a nice comfy couch (big enough to lay on and get comfortable) while watching TV.  Separate bedroom with a TV.  All rooms have DVD players which is great instead of having to pay for in room movies Dvd players are in the main room, not the bedroom. 1 1/2 bath.   The room I felt was very reasonably priced.  $100 (minus the AAA discount) so $90 plus $10 tax plus $25 resort fee (and then get this) $3 tax on the resort fee. Which really isn't their  fault I guess it just seemed a little overboard.  So a $90 room is actually $128.00.  If you are going to the pool it is a whole different story.  Wow.  What a rip.  A domestic beer is either 7 or 8 bucks each and pina coladas they sell in a large souvenir cup for $20 but then you get refills for $12 each.  So maybe if a couple of people share a cocktail after a couple of days with the cup it might be worth it.  They have a little convenience store by the pool that sells just about everything but beware, there are no prices marked on anything and believe me the prices are as bad as the beer.  Now on to the "wave pool"  the Mandalay bay website says they are up to 6 feet.  So my boys ages 11 and 13 were super excited to go.  Well they are more like 1 or 2 foot which makes this the perfect kiddie pool. So crowded they just kept running into kids.  I asked about the 6 ft waves and they said they no longer do that (they need to change their website)  Kids over the age of 14 need their own key to get into the pool.    I also need to mention the price for the reserved chairs.  The day we went (I understand it varies) but on a Wednesday they were $50 each for a front row seat (front row to the wave pool) for the second row they were $25 and the umbrella was an additional $50.  We were lucky enough to find a chair but I can see how at times that would be difficult. And no shade to be found anywhere.    The chairs on the sand are comfortable but the chairs on the concrete are extremely uncomfortable.  So that may be something to think about if you have older family members.  I stayed at the Golden Nugget the first 2 nights of our Vegas trip.  So being there, there are ways to save money.  The buffets, $10 prime rib dinners, the $1.50 hot dogs for the kids at the Fremont.  $2.50 beers at the ABC store.  (bring your own opener)  free entertainment on Fremont street at night. But then to go to the Mandalay and not have any options but the over priced restaurants in their hotel (Lupo is terrific though) They know they kind of have you over a barrel because it is so far from everything.  There is one option.  There is a McDonald's just inside the Luxor that you can get to by crossing through the little mall they have  that links the 2 casinos.   You are not allowed to use the fridge in the room  so maybe bring a cooler and just use their ice.  Bring your own inter tubes they will fill them for you (instead of the $25 for theirs, ridiculous right?)   So I would stay at THE Hotel but probably not in the summer.
5	We stayed with a friend in a nice and modern suite.  She slept on the sofa in the living room and we slept in the bedroom.  Our room hand a bathroom with shower and bathtub.  It was nice & spacious.  The living room had a toilet too.  It was perfect for our needs and the internet plugs right into your laptop - convenient!  We had super comfy robes and complimentary cozy slippers.  Since we could control the room temperature, we were always quite comfortable.  Both rooms had big televisions too.  We enjoyed the pools on Sunday.  Since it was the holiday weekend, all of the pools were pretty busy but not uncomfortable.  We got there too late to get any shady spots and all of the cabanas were already taken.  So we found shade while in the water.  We wanted to swim in the wave pool but it was temporarily closed for a few hours.  When it reopened, we went swimming in there but it was a disappointment.  If you've ever swam in the ocean than this weak in comparison.There is a food court and some nice restaurants inside the casino area.  We ate sushi during happy hour that was good and reasonable.  There is also a nice coffee shop located near the room elevators with beautiful pastries and cupcakes.  I only ate an apple danish but didn't get the chance to try a cupcake.  The banana ones looked wonderful!
5	The suites are ginormous - and the luxury bathrooms are to die for. Deep bathtubs, standalone showers, beautiful marble... lots of closet space... and great room service and customer service.I absolutely adored this hotel.
5	I JUST LOVE LOVE LOVE This hotel from the amazing fragrance in the lobby area  to the plush exquisite suites! any time I visit Vegas  this MY hotel choice every time :)
4	This is probably my favorite hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. I've stayed at at more than 10 different hotels in Vegas and I always enjoy my stay here. I have the M Life card so I've gotten comps and discounted rooms from here and other MGM owned hotels. (If you stay At any of these hotels I highly recommend getting this card.) The rooms here are huge and the staff is very nice. The beach setting at the pool and wave pool are awesome, especially when it's 104 degrees outside. My favorite restaurant here is the Burger Bar! The Kobe burger is great! There are 2 minor things I don't like about this hotel, which knocks it down to 4 stars. 1) This hotel has become more of a family oriented hotel over the past 2 years. That's not a bad thing but it's not what I'm looking for in Vegas. 2)The TVs are old and not HD, at least in the rooms I've stayed in.
4	I had a stay-cation here last week.  Went to see a show at House of Blues, eat, drink and not worry about getting home after a drunken night or work the next day.  Originally I just asked for a basic room at  Mandalay Bay but since my date and I were locals they upgraded us to The Hotel. The room was nice. I liked the mirrored closet doors and entertainment area and the large tub. The bed was comfortable. I really liked that the Hotel even though its attached to Mandalay Bay with a hallway is quiet and not much walk through traffic in the lobby and common areas.  The employees I encountered were all very friendly when I did ask something or need anything. The employees mostly had very robotic and somewhat standoffish looks but once they were approached they were very helpful and friendly.  The only problem with The Hotel has to do with how paper thin the walls are. Every time a person  closes their door anywhere within 15 rooms of you or has a conversation in the hall in that range, you can hear it like your own room. I am dead to the world when I sleep but in the morning I could hear every person that was up at 6am closing (but sounds like slamming) their doors.  The Hotel, get some better insulation, sound buffering carpet and walls and you will have a solid 4 stars not  rounded up. This makes me lean a lot closer to 3 stars but it was a very nice stay so it gets 4.
3	5 of us show up and only one has a room. The reservation on our printed documents were correct but the check in staff stated we should have arrived the day before. We were told..."we can give you a room tonight but tomorrow you are on your own". Each of us had a different check in staff person, and each was given the same answer word for word. We fought for hours and finally got the rooms we had reserved. The check in staff told others the same story. I would not stay here again unless it was for a convention and the room was paid for. I would call the week before and make sure that they didn't try to pull this again.Room amazing, housekeeping amazing, check in staff....epic fail!
1	What a joke. This dump cannot consider themselves a luxury hotel. My husband and I stayed here 9/16 to 9/18/12.. and if I close my eyes I can still feel the grubbyness of the room. Sheets were clean but had holes. Missing light bulbs, broken light fixtures, carpet in the living room so dirty it was gross. I had to call for them to send me over a room service book! WTH?! Bath tub drained very slowly and a nasty stench would waft up from the shower drain. YUCK. Will never stay here again. EW EW EW!!! Trying and failing to be Upscale...So Ghetto!!! :::shivers:::
2	STILL the ugliest Hotel drive or walk entry in Vegas. STILL dark "rich" small suites that are so dated whoever designed them has long passed.  STILL Too fancy for room refrigerators or coffee pots. STILL treats us like total strangers after FOUR years returning. I swear this is the last time. Outrageous $25 resort fee (PLUS $3 tax on THAT "service"!!!).Minus another star because in addition to all the unchanged front desk line and attitude, the hallways are becoming dirty and threadbare, carts not picked up, smashed crackers on the floor for 24 hours. This place is going DOWN. Also smelled smoke on our non-smoking floor several times. SEEYA. A busboy confirmed the hotel admin will do NOTHING about people smoking on the non-smoking floors.Every year they tell us they are going to redecorate. NOW I believe them only because somebody is buying them. Try Wynn, Bellagio, The Venetian or Paris.
4	Great experience! Wonderful rooms. The bath robes and slippers are so plush. The bed makes you feel like you are sinking into paradise. The bathroom is huge! I felt like there was plenty of space in the modern styled room. My biggest issue was that you have to pay to use the coffee machine and it's like $8 a cup. That's kind of outrageous! I think for as much as you spend to stay, the least they could do would be to let you have a cup of coffee in the morning without breaking the bank. The Beach at Mandalay Bay was great! We rented a cabana and got a free upgrade. The servers were on top of things and very friendly. The lazy river was completely shaded by trees, so that made it kind of chilly but pretty to look at. The beach portion is crowded by lounge chairs, so you can't really walk in the sand or enjoy it.
4	Beautiful suite only tower at Mandalay Bay. Perfect for a girls weekend in Vegas, with a separate living room and bedroom.  Lots of space to spread out all your clothes and relax.  And the huge bathroom with seperate shower/tub, and seperate toilet were clutch. Come to think of it, there were two toilets in the suite, how cool is that?I wish I realized earlier it had its own entrance so we didn't keep walking through the casino getting lost and waiting on the long cab line. The only cons I can think of are the location at the end of the strip, and we didn't love the pool (but that's a seperate review).
1	I would like to start out by saying the Hotel property itself is impressive, the rooms have an amazing view and are spacious, and the bathrooms large and beautiful. However, my experience was terrible from checking in, to checking out. We arrived excited as it was our first time in Vegas. The attitude at the desk was less than impressive and seemed like they'd rather be ANYWHERE else than welcoming guests. Next, we had ordered a room a month in advance with 2 queen beds and they had us booked into a room with a king bed. They were somewhat apologetic about this and offered us a 75$ credit for room service as they were sold out and unable to accommodate us. Fine.We were only there for 2 nights, and when we got home, both my friend and I who had to share the king sized bed, both had BITES on our backs. This place has BED BUGS! and when i called to speak to a manager about this, (Paul, btw), he seemed like he could give 2 shits. He said that they would "check into it" and when I asked what would happen then, he said, "We'll just see."I'm telling you, we paid 780$$ for 2 nights in this hotel and were treated badly, had our reservation screwed up with little apology, and contracted BED BUGS!!!!!if you stay at this hotel, CHECK THE BED FIRST!!!!!
4	This place is quite nice.  The experience starts with the valet who are quite amazing (as valet's go and certainly much better than their counterparts at Mandalay Bay).  When you walk in the decor is modern and dark.  Not sure that is really the style these days but still not anything obnoxious just - dark.  The staff at check-in is usually quite good and very friendly.  You can tell they are trained to deal with a more upscale client (or at least that is how it seems).  The rooms are all suite based and rather large.  They provide a bedroom and living area.  A tip - the V Suite on the end-caps is usually not that much more expensive and quite spacious.  Highly recommended on the dog floors (if you bring your fido with you) as the rooms in middle can hear the barking that sometimes accompanies this floor and it gives them room to run around a bit in the living area.  (tip: if you do take a dog there is a great doggie day care called Camp Bow Wow about 2 miles from THEHotel that is $25 day and provides great care for the dog from 7AM-7PM.  Highly recommended to run the dog out of energy and then they will be more comfortable in the room during the stay and it gives them social time as well.The suites are quite nice and the beds are more comfortable then on the Mandalay Bay side so that is nice as well they offer pillow tops.  They are not spectacular but not bad either.  The best part is that you get access to one of the best features of Mandalay Bay which is the beach.  It is a bit of a hike to get there though so be forewarned.  But it is a lot of fun with the wave pool and lazy river. If you are bringing your pet, call early when you book the reservation and confirm with the front-desk that they have this added to the reservation there are only 2 floors were dogs are allowed and if they don't add it correctly (which sadly is frequently) you may be outof luck when you arrive.One gripe is the daily resort fee.  It is a joke that they charge this period!  For $25 you get Wi-Fi (decent now it use to be quite bad so at least it works now) and a newspaper that is it and they charge the fee daily and good luck getting rid of it.  Really sours me on the experience.Overall a great experience!  Again the resort fee is meh but the place itself is quite nice.
3	We stay here every time we visit because we are noir card holders.  Which is pretty sweet actually.  Free accommodations, free limo service, front of the line access.  I wouldn't say that this is the best hotel I have ever stayed at but its decent and much better than Mandalay Bay.  It's dog friendly and has a nice spa and gym.  The only thing I would say I don't like is that it's so dark and drab.  Maybe that's the appeal but I would like it more if it were more vibrant.I don't mind staying here.  If given a choice, I would choose a more vibrant hotel.
2	Stayed 10/04/12-10/08/12. 3rd trip to LV and this was my least favorite hotel.  Only booked because it is and "all" suite hotel.  Customer service gets 2 thumbs down!! Arrived to the hotel @ 6:50pm and was online for 50min!!! 2 clerks were at the counter. Once we were called the clerk and the nerve to tell us that "our" room was not cleaned! and would not be cleaned until 8:30pm! I booked a King suite but only a double queen would be available. (more like a double full!!!) We were offered a smaller non-suite room (Which I did not know they had) that we could stay in until the next morning (but a suite could not be guarenteed).  We were meeting our group for dinner @ 9pm, so the reservations had to be changed 3x to 9:45pm!! We waited for the double queen suite, the room was nice but dated, because it is a suite the livingroom takes away from the size of the bedroom.  We did like that there are a bath and a half. We were given a $150.00 limited food credit for our inconvenience and the daily room charge was waived (however they forgot all of that upon check out and had to produce a new receipt) I will have to monitor my VISA to confirm the charges will be deleted!!! Will not stay again!!
4	Gorgeous inside = :) * Pool/Beach closes at 7:00 = :( * Middle of the night room service nachos = :) * wait for everything is a bit long, but when you get the service it's great :-) Had a little issue, mentioned it (without screaming or complaining, or even asking for it) they compensated us more than we expected.
4	very nice suites herethe service is good and THEhotel and pool of mandalay bay are the best.definitely recommend.
3	Stayed at The Hotel while in town for a conference at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center. Overall, it's a very nice hotel. The rooms are very large and spacious and the beds are very comfortable. I also like that you are not part of the casino so your contact with smoke is limited. My only complaint is for the slow room service and lobby staff. Both checking in and checking out proved to be quite the process and room service had a consistent 60+ minute wait. Neither deal breakers, but worth mentioning.
5	Romantic, quiet getaway for two.I love Mandalay Bay, but the casino (although nice) is not conducive to quiet weekends alone with the significant other.Solution? The boutique hotel known as TheHotel. A++++ 5 star service for sure. Quiet, clean living space with lots of space in which to "frolic". We prefer TheSuite; Separate living room with flatscreen TV, extra bathroom, and wet bar for entertaining... and in the main bathroom, a huge tub and glass-walled shower! Depending on the placement of the room, I have gotten a view of the Mandalay Bay pool or the strip. We always go here when there are good discounts.... and that increases the value and affordability of our stays greatly. This is my first choice hotel on the strip. Maybe I'll get to try the even higher end hotels one day, when I'm a billionaire. =P
5	I stayed here with a friend to just splurge ourselves and we got a good deal on a suite with a living room with a view of the 15 south and Mandalay Beach.  We thought the valet was the same as Mandalay Bay but when we got there, we were told to drive around through the parking garage and look for the THEhotel valet sign. We drove around back and the valet area was not as fancy looking like Mandalay's and is just located inside a parking garage which isn't inviting at all.The staff here were very professional and customer service was excellent and it's attatched right next to Mandalay Bay away from the casino but next to the theater so it can get pretty packed when people are exiting the show to get to the elevators. Our suite was a 2 queen with the softest beds, living room 1.5 bath , huge minibar with sink and 2 flatscreen TV's I thought was a bit too much for us.since we were hardly in the room. We loved the cafe in the lobby because of their daily specials and the bar and lounge area make a great relax from the long walks on the strip. It's also close to the Luxor but a long walk to the tram and Mandalay Bay's restaurants but that's what being secluded is all about. The beach is quite a hike from your room about 20 minutes. Overall I enjoyed this boutique experience along with the Signature at MGM.
1	THESuite at THEHotel was THE Fucking Joke!My wife and I came here about a month ago for a quick weekend getaway.   I booked a $250 suite at THEHotel, thinking we'd get a little bit of upscale treatment.   Instead, we got a suite on the 4th floor that looked straight at a giant concrete fucking wall.   Sunlight never even made it into our bedroom which was bathed in the shadow of a huge and imposing parking structure.These guys spend millions, nay, billions of dollars building hotels in the desert.   Here's a thought:  put the fucking parking garage underground, you fucking idiots!!I came to the Mandalay Bay for my Bachelor Party back in '06 and didn't recall being super impressed.   This was the final nail in the coffin.   There's no way in hell I'm ever booking a room at Mandalay Bay again.
5	I have NEVER had a bad stay here, this was probably my 8th or 9th time staying here, it's always fabulous. I love the fact there is no casino in this hotel, it gets rid of a certain "feeling" in Vegas that I could do without! The front desk is always excellent with their check-in procedures, as well as very customer service oriented. The staff here really makes any accommodations possible which is always nice. The rooms are excellent, although over the years you can see one or two things that might start to need replacing, which is normal for high volume hotels. I love their restaurant, their bar, and their gift shop. It's just a great place, and I will ALWAYS consider this place when staying in Vegas.
5	The suites here are pretty incredible. They have an absolutely amazing view and furnished very nice.
3	Expected more from The Hotel. Can't believe they overbooked the hotel and was already turning people away at noon.
1	Do NOT stay here if you want to have any fun at all while in Vegas.  Myself, my parents, and 6 other friends all booked suites here for our wedding this past weekend.  We have now found several other names that would be more appropriate:THEbuzzkillTHEnofunhotelTHEhotel - where fun goes to dieFor both Wednesday and Thursday nights we had a total of 4 people in our room.  No TV, no radio, no party, nothing loud - and yet we received noise complaints both nights at midnight.  Are you kidding me?  Thursday night we decided to head up to the Foundation room to grab a drink and the overly pretentious snots at the front door took a look down their noses at us and said "we can let you up now, but we may have to ask you to leave later".  For wearing jeans and a shirt?  Regardless of the treatment we received downstairs, we decided to go up anyways.  It was a GORGEOUS view and the bartenders were great, but when you're asked to not sit on the couches because they're reserved for "members only" you really should have more than about 15 people in the place to make your snobbery a tad more legitimate.  We did have a nice, big room - but it was quite dark in terms of decor and starting to show wear and tear.  The wifi connection was TERRIBLE - to the point that friends of ours got their $25/day resort fee refunded to them for all 3 days because no one could fix it.  In short, our trip was ruined for the first few days.  I will never, ever stay here again, and cannot recommend it to anyone.  Spend your money elsewhere.
5	This hotel was perfect for our five-day Thanksgiving stay.Our suite was on the 19th floor, and we had more than enough space for two. The bathroom is probably the nicest part; there are two sinks, a giant bathtub, and a large shower. There is also an extra powder room accessible to the living room. The only downside in the room, as others have mentioned, is that the TVs are relatively old. They work though, even if the sound level is inconsistent and the picture quality is below the now expected HD level.There is plenty of drawer space on both sides of the bed and in the armoire. The furnishings were in good shape, and the carpet was clean. The wireless internet access was more reliable than I've come to expect in many hotels. THEhotel location in the back of the property connects right near the sports book in the Mandalay Bay casino.  The Mandalay Shops are nearby as well. The lobby is decorated with dark wood and low lighting, and has a fresh spa fragrance. The staff was friendly and helpful. We used the concierge and my wife enjoyed a massage at the Spa. It was nice that the lobby area, with accompanying lounge and cafe was quiet since the casino is further down the hall. Very quiet and relaxing.Our room was also very quiet. We were the first room on the hall, next to the ice machine. We never heard the ice machine. The only thing we could hear was the pipes of our neighbor getting the shower going in the morning. We never heard door slams or people in the hallway, etc.Keep in mind that you will be charged a resort fee (~$30) in addition to your room rate. For this weekend, our average night (not including resort fee) was less than $110. Even with the resort fee, it was a good value.I was a little leery of Mandalay Bay because it is all the way at the south end of The Strip. This actually worked in our favor this time because we rented a car. The access to the self-park is incredibly convenient, and we were able to get in and out of the hotel without any traffic challenges. In fact, we didn't even need to venture on to Las Vegas Blvd. Access to I-15 and 215 is very convenient. By foot, you can catch a tram to Excalibur, and Luxor is a quick walk through the Mandalay Shops. From Excalibur, you can walk around or through NY,NY and catch the next tram in Monte Carlo that will take you through City Center to Bellagio.I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially to someone who has been to Vegas before and isn't worried about being right in the middle of everything. Take advantage of the accessibility to the roads and go see some off-Strip stuff like Hoover Dam, the Pinball Hall of Fame, and the off-Strip restaurants (better value with still very good food). See my list for details.
1	The room is really nice but the walls are paper thin and it's very easy to get a noise complaint.  We weren't partying, we were just talking, with no TV or music and we had noise complaints.  Seriously.  And the Wi-fi barely worked in the room (and didn't work anywhere else), thankfully they at least waived the $25 per day resort fee.Not to mention they don't have a bell desk; when you want to find a bellhop to get your bags you left with them after checkout, good luck finding them.  It's so bad, you can even walk into the "secure" storage area.I guess this is the place to bring pets and quiet children and expect a super quiet experience.
4	11/18/11 is when I started this review. I just thought it was time that I completed it. I've been singing it's praises ever since and have had many friends and colleagues stay here while visiting Las Vegas since then!THEhotel at Mandalay Bay is a MGM Resort Property and a very nice place to stay. The rooms are very modern, spacious, sleek, and comfortable. The office space given to you in the room is perfect to set up a desk away from home. There is free high speed internet service for your rooms, along with plasma TVs. Even in the bathroom, you can talk on the phone and watch television while you bathe! The hotel is much more quieter than any of the other hotels along the strip because it is a nonsmoking, casino-free, noise intolerant, ALL suites hotel. I felt that more business people would flock to this particular hotel, rather than young, college party animals. LOL! There is a sense of being in a peaceful oasis outside of the Strip.  Yet the Strip is right around the corner! There are very few amenities at THEhotel, but you have complete access to the Mandalay Bay Beach & the numerous pools and amenities there. A direct pathway leads to the Beach! And everything enjoyable about being on the Strip is right near your doorway, but not at your doorstep! The way THEhotel is located facing away from the main Strip and behind Mandalay Bay, you don't get all the noise and craziness of the Strip while you are trying to sleep. Although the views on the higher floors are amazing! The beds are very luxurious and fluffy! The pillows alone could keep you in bed all day!I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here at THEhotel. I will definitely be making plans to stay here again! i usually make it out to Vegas at least 3-4 times a year. It's an easy, quick flight for a fast getaway! I also have many fantastic friends that live in Vegas. The nice thing about staying in a hotel is that after all the hanging out and drinking, eating and partying with the friends, I get to go to my own private, peaceful serene space to regroup. I don't have to bother anyone else. And I am well rested and ready for the next day of hanging out, drinking, eating and more partying!! LOL!
3	As others have pointed out, the parking situation is a pain. Signs for THEhotel aren't very good and you can't pull up to the front of the Mandalay to Valet because it's a separate hotel. At check-in we were upgraded to a corner suite, which was great because our room for the previous 3 days at Vdara wasn't very large at all. However, I noticed several things when we got up to our room that made me a little uncomfortable. There were some fingerprints on the pictures, makeup on the bed pillow sham, a hair in the jar holding cotton balls...little things that were missed by housekeeping that made question the overall cleanliness of our room. Had we paid for the upgrade, I would have called to complain. There are 2 tvs in the room, but neither are HD. There also is a $25 per night resort fee that after taxes is $28 per night. Beware though that most of the pool area is closed in December and the wifi can be spotty so I'm not sure why they're even charging a resort fee during these months. The room was huge and the living room was still nice to lounge in and catch an on demand movie. Breakfast isn't nearly as expensive in THEhotel as it is up the strip at some other casinos and it's spoke free and a quiet place to eat. One of the days, we took the trams up the strip to Ceasar's for their buffet, which is only $24 and worth every penny. We didn't try the buffet at Mandalay because the reviews weren't very good and it's the same price as Ceasar's Palace.The free tram to the Luxor and Excalibur is convenient and we used it a lot, which saved on cab fares. You can actually get off at the Luxor, walk past NY, NY and then hop on another that will bring you to the Bellagio pretty quickly. All in all, it wasn't a bad place to stay, but for the price, there are better MGM properties up the strip at Aria and Vdara. If you're looking to club, this isn't in the right location for you either.
5	Wow, our suite was gorgeous. Very modern, clean, spacious and the matress was king and comfort. 3 TVs. This hotel was very quiet because they have two hotels, Mandalay Bay and THEhotel, and our side doesn't have casino. I am not a casino person and stayed quietly and relaxed.
3	It was not the hotel that I expected.You can hear noise from next door. It was so loud when next door open andclose the door.There is no amenities other than shampoo and conditioner.
1	Is there such a thing as a negative star? Because this hotel deserves it! I was really excited to stay here for our winter trip considering it was our first time at this hotel establishment and the raving reviews from other yelpers! But I guess every experience is different! We probably came at the wrong time, but at the very least, the hotel should have been courteous enough to inform their guests of their renovations! I called, emailed and even filled out a survey about our experience at this hotel, and not a single staff has done anything about the issues we addressed!1. Directions and signs: the signs will definitely get you lost! It took us 30 minutes to get around to the valet place. Even one of the staff members (from the other hotel: mandalay bay) gave us the wrong directions! There were alot of closures and other signs that suppose to direct you to the valet area, but it just took us to a different route.2. Staff has poor customer service from the valet, bell men, bayside buffet to the shark reef aquarium! I don't think the staff like their job very much because all they do is stand around and chit chat with other staff members! No greeting, no hello, no "hi, can we assist you with any luggage today? NADA! They look bored, lifeless and simply not happy! Not even a SMILE! First impressions are very important! If you're not going to embrace your job whole-heartedly, then I suggest you look for a different job that's less rewarding! Customer service is very important! Especially in the hotel industry business! Upon check out, guest services didn't even bother to ask us if we enjoyed our stay! Nothing at all! 3. If you're going to charge a $25.00 resort fee, you better make sure that the internet works at least! I just think it's ridiculous especially since it didn't work most of the time! The hotels nickle and dime you for everything in the resort fee, but we didn't even get to take advantage of it!4. Front Desk - you guys are the front lines of this hotel and if a customer isn't happy and is addressing a concern, you should take matters into your own hands and resolve the matter! Instead, what do you do? Offer us water! Seriously? What is that? Wow! That was really disappointing!5. Bayside Buffet - this used to be a very classy restaurant, but when we ate for dinner, the food was mediocre and tasted like it's been sitting there for hours! No wonder this place was empty! They charge $30+tax per person for dinner and honestly, their food isn't worth the amount you paid for! That's more than the M Buffet Restaurant and that place had better food! The people that worked there just kept talking to other staff members and when you ask them about a particular item on the menu, they look pissed off because you interrupted their precious conversation! 6. Shark Reef Aquarium - Old. Outdated! For $18 you can tour this place in less than 10 minutes! It's sad because upon exiting (when you view your picture), they're suppose to be happy and excited to show you the pictures taken, but instead we were the ones who were greeting the staff and smiled at them and asked if they were doing great, but all they did was smirk and chuckled! Apparently, they weren't enthusiastic about anything! They were bored out of their minds! 7. The rooms were okay! But the TV is so old (it's a plasma and there's not alot of channels to choose from)! The entire hotel has a dark and gloomy feel to it! They need some major changes to the rooms!In conclusion....I'm not really thrilled to talk about this hotel and everything inside of this place! I should have just kept my reservation with the ARIA hotel since we've never stayed there either! But we just wanted to give this place a try! Other  that than, I suggest you yelpers look for a different place to stay!BEWARE: they're going through alot of facelift renovations during this time! Alot of places (cafes, lounges, restrooms, etc.) are closed. I hope they'll consider improving their customer service while they're at it! Don't even bother with addressing your concerns and issues. No one will get back to you to fix the problem or compensate you for the inconvenience! :(
1	The worst experiance ever!!After driving 10 hours from sf bay area,Upon check in at The hotel,I was told "Pet Friendly" ment a 20 pound yipping ,crapper could stay but my little caged bird had to go!I was not only told to leave,but when I called Vegas.com to complain I was told tough shit you can't have a refund you did not cancel 24 hours in advance.We Might charge you ALL three Days!!After some threats of a lawsuit I was refunded all of my purchase,but had nowhere to stay...
1	I consider myself a fairly well traveled person; I have traveled hroughout Europe and the Americas.  But I HAVE NEVER STAYED in a place that is so chintzy (as this place) that they charge you for in room coffee and water.  The decor is beautiful; yes, I do call it as I see it.  The staff is very condescending if they don't know you to be a high roller or regular.  I was just there 12/22 thru 12/25 and was utterly disappointed with the service and included amenities.  Another thing that drives me a bit nuts is that these folks allow dogs in their rooms.  If I wanted that I would have stayed at a low end budget motel.  For the money they charge you would think that you'd get at least free in-room coffee and water.  It behooves any value oriented person to patronize other establishments who don't simply bank on their brand and who do recognize the value of repeat customers. Oh, and BUYER BEWARE, THESE FOLKS ARE CURRENTLY CHARGING A $25.00 PER DAY "USE FEE" AND 12% TAX ON YOUR ROOM.  My understanding is that the use fee is justified by allowing you to use their internet and their tv which by the way has a rotten channel lineup, no hd and their internet service requires you to log onto their system and is still unreliable.  So not worth it!
4	Very good experience, would definitely recommend. The suites have elegant post-modern yet comfortable decor and furniture. The generous use of marble in the bathroom and wall to wall windows are always appreciated and the sitting room area is very neatly put together in terms of both: color and space use.Downside is the walk to the pool area. The lobby of The Hotel tower is sleek, modern and even a bit opulent (as much as post-modern decor allows), but this soon gives way to the Mandalay Bay's regular casino where you walk for about 5 minutes until reaching the Mandalay Bay's restaurant court. The epic hike finally concludes once you reach the convention center - given that The Hotel is to be the Mandalay Bay's more private and exclusive resort experience, it should have it's own pool entrance or walk way.
4	The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is one of our favorite places to stay when in Vegas. The Hotel is not the same as the hotel rooms that are part of the casino, which I love.  It is higher end and less intermingled with the casino crowd.   The suites are really spacious.  Each has a large spa bathroom with a soaking tub that I've taken advantage of almost each time we stay.  The living room is totally separate from the bedroom and there is even a separate half bathroom in the living room.  Space, space galore.  The decor is luxe and modern without being over the top.  It is hard to say that about any other Vegas hotel.  The color palate is primarily neutral taupe and browns.  There are things that need upgrading.  Namely, there are no flat screen HD TVs and I've never loved their toiletries but for the price, this is one of the best values in Vegas.
5	This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas!! The suites are amazing!! Very clean and quiet rooms, spacious with spa tubs, shower, vanity, gorgeous view, and bathrobes and slippers. Best pools in Vegas, with outdoor running path, plus spa, restaurants, etc. Fabulous customer service and prices are reasonable for such a nice hotel. Tram is available for transportation to other hotels which makes it so much easier than constantly paying for taxi. Love, love this place!!
2	We did get contacted by Mandalay Bay and got some money back.  Nice of them but don't think we'll stay there ever again.  All the issues could of should of been addressed at the time.
3	Used to be my favorite hotel in Las Vegas, but it's just not as nice as it used to be. It doesn't really have that "new hotel" feel anymore, cracked tiles in the lobby, old TVs, weird elevator noises, etc, but it has held up pretty well and isn't showing it's age as badly as some of the other newer hotels.  Everything seemed better before MGM took over Mandalay Resort Group. Maybe it's just because it was newer. It always seemed cleaner, the players club was better, and the staff was friendlier. I still recognize some of the same employees from years ago when it was still MRG, so I don't know why customer service has gone downhill. Still a very nice hotel though, and a great property. We always stay here when we go to conventions because there's three of us and the 2 queen room with the living room couch for the third person works pretty well for us without getting two rooms. When I come to Vegas for any other reason these days, I prefer to stay closer to the center of the strip, especially if I don't have a car. More to do in walking distance. I'm sure the south end of the strip will eventually make a comeback.
4	The room was great.  I felt safe traveling alone. The hotel was always quiet and very clean. My only glitches were that it took over 25 minutes to check in, little tough after a long flight and their surprise daily fee. A "complimentary" fee of $25 would be added to my bill every day for the luxury of  WiFi, the opportunity to go down 11 floors to the gift shop for a free USA today, the ability to send faxes and download boarding passes and the use of the cardio room. Next time I'll read the small print and try to wheel and deal use of the spa and gym with my reservation.
5	My favourite hotel in Las Vegas. It has it's own dedicated entrance so you don't have to go through a casino to get in and out but it is part of the Mandalay Bay complex so you still can access that casino quite easily.Mandalay Bay has also the best pool complex and clients of "The Hotel" have full access to it. This was a big point for my wife and son when they came here with me while I was at a convention (three years in a row).Rooms are quite large (most are suites) and the decor is nice and understated. Service is top notch.The unknown part is that it's been rebranded this year to "Delano Las Vegas" so I don't know how it will affect the place and the price.
1	This was my 2nd and last time ever staying at this Hotel. I have stayed at just about every major hotel in Las Vegas. And I usually do not write a bad review unless it is well deserved. We had booked one of their Internet specials offering a very good sun-thu rate with a $75 food and beverage credit. I was excited, because I had my kids and my 21yr old niece and they had never been here. I'll start by saying that at check-in, they debited my credit card for almost double what I owed for the room. We arrived on a Sunday evening, I had set up a Spa appointment on Monday at the bathhouse, only to discover my appointment had been set for the saturday before. My credit card was consequently charged for a "no show". When I complained, the staff talked to me like I was crazy, suggested I call accounts receivable myself. Then when I voiced my frustration, they offered me a mere $30 food credit. But was now out about $600 totall. With the hotel holding a hefty deposit and the Spa charging me for services I never received. Was $30 really going to make a big difference and their over rated expensive restaurants. Really? The room wasn't as clean as my previous stay, there weren't enough towels. The wi-fi connection thru cox cable was non exixtant. The room keys were so sensitive, I had to make more than one trip to the front desk to get new ones. There were no ice containers in the room and no complimentary coffee. One night about 10pm, I sat down to watch a DVD and they were doing repairs with hammers next door, with no prior notice. It went on for approximately 30 minutes. Last but not least, I hated how the staff was rude, short, and just down right not friendlly. I will never stay here again. Do not waste your money. About the only thing is that they have 1.5 bathrooms, and comfy pillows. But you can get that at any other hotel and much much more. I'll pay extra to stay at the Bellagio.
4	Came here for the first time with a group of friends and the rooms were convenient for the 12 of us to stay in...well, despite the fact some had to sleep on the couch/floor.We stayed at the THESuite, approx 750 sq ft with a separate living room and bedroom. The room can come with two queens or a king size bed - couch is not a pullout bed. There is one full bathroom (with a tub and shower) and 1/2 of a bathroom (with just a toilet).The room was clean and the decor was nice. The only difficulty we had was finding the damn hotel. We got confused with Mandalay Bay and THEhotel. Once you get out from the self parking lot, you should really check for the signs for THEhotel. We ended up making a round trip throughout Mandalay Bay's casino, finally making our way to THEhotel and it was noooooo good, considering the fact that we were carrying around our luggage with us. Other than that, it was a good stay here. Only downside, as others have mentioned, the hotel is on the end of the strip, so very far from everywhere. And we came during winter time (Feb) so the pools were closed. Price is reasonable!
4	4.5 STARS!!!  Stayed at The Hotel for the first time and really enjoyed it.  It's up there as one of my favorites and I would definitely stay here again. Pros: - There was a crazy long check-in line (to the parking lot entrance), but I was very impressed with how efficiently they checked everyone in.  Also liked that they gave all guests bottled water upon check-in.  Nice touch.- Pet friendly! Where else can I bring my little pooch. (Note, the pet potty area was a little lame, but hey, it's Vegas so I'm not complaining!).- Huge suites and 2 bathrooms! The suites are up there with Venetian's rooms, but really love the 2 bathrooms and separate room. - View is awesome if you're facing the strip. - Beds are super soft and comfy! One of the best out of all the hotels in Vegas in my opinion.- Room Service food is delicious!! French Onion Soup... Wow!  I was impressed.Cons:- Far from the rest of the rest of the casinos on the trip.- Wifi sucks- The shower floor was stained and dirty looking, could probably use a slight renovation. Overall, had a really great stay at The Hotel and would definitely stay here again. Check-in staff and dealers at Mandalay Bay were all incredible nice and friendly, more so than alot of the other casinos.
3	The Hotel is very nice, but as far as great hotels go, this one is good.  I have stayed here twice now and both stays were about the same.The rooms are spacious, and nice.  I love having the living room, bedroom and extra powder room.  The beds were comfortable, the bathroom is amazing (love the huge tub and shower).It would have been 4 stars except for the quirkiness!  First stay, the shower didn't drain the first morning and filled up to the top and almost flooded the bathroom, the room safe was already locked when we arrived in the room and we had to call to have it unlocked by the locksmith.  The mini-bar is the old fashioned, need a key style, which we didn't get our key when we checked in (I have a mini-bar thing!), we called, someone brought one up (very nice!)...and the next morning housekeeping took it.  Hmmm.Second stay, 1/2 of the lights in our room didn't work.  Except for the one's in the closets...which we had to slam the doors shut a few times to get them to go off.One thing I will say is that I completely understand that hotels have issues and guests will have problems.  However, it's how the hotel deals with the issues that makes all the difference.  They did a great job of that.  The service makes me go back and forth between 3 and 4 stars - but I'm settling on 3 because I think they could do just a little better on the room maintenance/upkeep.
4	All in all I had a pleasant stay at The Hotel. They were very accommodating with my puppy, even asked me to bring him inside so they can meet him. Check in was easy, they had a lot of service associates at the desks so we virtually had no wait. Don't get confused there are three hotels on the property and if you go into the main entrance you will have to drive around the corner to the parking for The Hotel. It is a very luxurious hotel and every room is a sweet. The "pet floor" is the 22nd floor and offered fantastic views of the strip and surroundings. From the outside the windows are gold which adds to the feeling you are about to be pampered. Every room is a suite, upon going into the room I asked where the beds were lol.. It is a two room sweet with very nice furnishings and an amazing bathroom with a big bathtub and separate shower. 1.5 bathrooms. Very nice room. Only thing I noticed is some of the furnishings had very minor chips or scrapes, nothing major whatsoever but I pay attention to detail. There was also some dust in the bathroom. If it wasn't for this I'd have given it 5 stars. The buffet was nice with good food however felt it could have had more of a variety. The tramway running from Mandalay bay to Excalibur comes in handy! All in all a very pleasant stay and I would recommend it. Oh it was also fairly cheap for such a nice hotel.
5	love this hotel! you dont need to go anywhere else if youre staying here. everything you need is there. great gaming, terrific restaurants and shows and shopping.  Beautiful new rooms. and the BEST POOL in VEGAS without question!!
5	I've stayed at Mandalay Bay and The Hotel several times and I just absolutely love it.  I even stayed at the T Suite during my bachelorette party.  I recently came back from Vegas this past weekend and stayed at the T Suite again.  Housekeeping kind of messed up on my request.  Upon check-in, I asked for 6 dental kits, 2 shaving kits, and 6 sets of blankets/bedsheets/pillows but only received 2 dental kits, 2 shaving kits, 1 pillow and 2 blankets.  Was a bit disappointed.However, the room service totally made up for the lack in housekeeping.  Loaded Baked Potato - GOOD!Fettuccine Alfredo - A bit on the bland side and needed to add black pepper and Tobasco sauce for some tastePepperoni, Sausage and Mushroom Pizza - DecentPenne Vodka - GoodChicken Noodle Soup - GOOD! Steak Sandwich - Literally, a slab of steak in between a bun.  Not good.Sesame Ginger Chicken Wings - DELICIOUS!The casino is pretty awesome too.  My husband prefers Mandalay's Sports Book over the other casinos.  Also, I usually win money on the floor.  My friends and I recently discovered Video Craps and love it more than shooting the dice on the real deck.  We can't wait to go back to Mandalay.
4	I want to start out by saying that this is a VERY nice hotel.  Awesome suite accommodations and very very clean.  The only reason i don't give it five stars is that the pool was closed while we were there, and they didn't tell us before we stayed there.  They charged us a "resort fee" while we were there, but the pool was closed!  When we asked them about it they told us the "the pool is free, and the resort fee is for everything else"  -_-Apart from that little speed bump.  The Hotel is awesome and the Mandalay bay has an awesome aquarium that i would highly recommend.
1	Disgusting... We got RASHES from their bedding! A group of us rented 5 rooms for a 40th birthday party...One room had BLOOD on the sheets (not washed bedding), the other room had RITZ CRACKERS in the bed, another rooms bath tub overflowed and they had to stay in the room with WET CARPET for 2 days. I of course, saved the best for last. My significant other and myself are covered in a ichy burning rash - from head to toe!!!So I complained to the general manager and he said they would put my room on quarantine and let me know what they find out... Thanks! I will never again stay at the Mandalay Bay... It was my first and last time there. ---I would however stay at the Planet Hollywood, Luxor and even Treasure Island. Much cleaner and cheaper! And RASH FREE! Grosssssss!They would not take off any Money for the stay or anything!!!! (I was not looking for anything FREE, I have just had MUCH BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE)
3	We booked this hotel via Expedia.  the room was clean and a good size.   The pools were all closed except one tiny one.  They had as many chairs as they could stuff in there.  It was packed and super unpleasant.  We stayed on the 34 th floor and on Saturday night, you could hear the music from the nightclub.  It was pretty bad.  The staff was very pleasant.  The resort fee covers the cost of wifi. Not awful but not remarkable.
4	While the location may not be as desirable as something more towards the middle of The Strip, THEhotel was a great place to stay. For starters, I'm not a huge gambler and while I love the hustle and bustle of Vegas, I also the occasional peace and quiet. THEhotel delivered that balance of fun and relaxation. The ambiance was sleek, contemporary, modern, dark, rich, and luxurious. From the moment we stepped into the lobby I knew we were in for a treat. It had the luxury of Vegas, but the serenity of a boutique hotel. Our room was on the 32nd floor, and while it didn't have an especially great view, it was still nice to be that high up. We did check in at about 10 a.m. and I'm sure we could have gotten a better view, maybe something higher up, had we waited. However, I'm not going to complain about the view when they were so accommodating to check us in at such an early hour. There were four rooms, three TVs, plenty of seating, two very comfy beds, and a bathroom bigger than the dance floors of some clubs. Like the lobby, the rooms were contemporary and luxurious. Oh, and the shower had good water pressure! Our room was really close to the elevators and I'm happy to say there was virtually no noise. Housekeeping was really, really efficient and fast. It seemed our room was cleaned within minutes of us leaving in the morning.I believe THEhotel is going to be renovated and rebranded this year or early next. While the experience was top-notch, THEhotel is in need of a little freshening up. As I said, the decor was very nice, but was looking a bit dated (slightly worn carpet, scratched and scuffed furniture). I'd be curious to return to THEhotel once it's The Delano (or whatever the new name is going to be) to see how it's renovated. p.s. This might be the most soothing hotel on The Strip. It was always pleasantly quiet and it smelled like a spa throughout.
3	FIRST STOP! i was super confused when i got to the hotel. i was told i was staying at The Hotel but when i went to check into my reservation, i was told i was staying at Mandalay Bay. O_O anyways, they were able to check me in and didn't make me walk all the way to the other side and wait in line just to check in.There were 3 conferences happening at the Mandalay Bay that weekend, and when i checked into my stay i wasn't given any coupons or further information that i needed to know while i was there. not until i was asked to give my email address. AND THEN the girl who checked me in said 'OH! you are here for the conference! well, here's blah blah blah" i was given a fancy card key for those who were staying for the conference. i guess she thought i was staying for a fun time in vegas.it is seriously a maze at this hotel. good thing i already had a mini tour of this side of the hotel because i had to go back for a dinner meeting in one of their conference rooms.The conference room we had was pretty nice. good appetizers and lots of drinks! THEhotel looks very classy and luxurious with the dim lights.good thing this hotel is super near the airport so the taxi ride wasn't that expensive.
3	This is the second time I stay at this hotel. My company booked a suite for me there. The suite is ok. You have to walk a little to gamble at Mandalay Bay. The beach is awesome and it's heated, but the lazy river is not. For some reason the lazy river is not heated and there is no tube for rent.
3	"The Hotel" is just a hotel, no better. They want to pretend that they are on the level of the other Suite hotels (i.e. Bellagio, Venetian, Cosmopolitan) but the place is just not up to that standard. Service is little better than the average large strip hotel. Decor is average. Rooms are smallish and amenities in the rooms are only average. The WiFi is HORRIBLE in the rooms, and at the pool the only way to get decent WiFi is to PAY for it. Shower leaked constantly. Not enough power outlets for chargers (when was this place built? 1970?). No refrigerator. -----DO NOT RENT FROM AVIS AT MANDALAY------ They were rude and they make you clean THEIR CAR since they have no cleaning facility on site. We were told that their $35 to $75 "cleaning fee" was assessed on MOST OF THEIR CUSTOMERS upon return. I could not get ANY answer as to what constituted "too much" dirt. Evidently ANY dirt inside or out results in a fee. It's completely up to them to decide if you get the fee. This is ridiculous! It's just a scam to get more money on top of the extra they charge for the "Convenience" of renting at the hotel. Then to top it off, the car we got was dirty on the outside with FOOD spread around the inside. To avoid the "FEE" we cleaned the car. What a great SCAM- rent dirty cars then charge people if they don't clean them up!
5	I enjoyed this hotel so much and here's why:  non-smoking lobby that smells like fresh aromatherapy, beautiful modern suites, huge bathroom, soft bed, 2 free Buffets per stay (Expedia offered it), easy parking at back, nice beach, Mix on 64th floor is amazing, live band and dancing at Mandalay.  Easy check in, however another person is right that they only had king beds available, but a roll away bed was ready. I was fine with it. I highly recommended THEhotel!
5	Loved The Hotel at Mandalay Bay! The suite has lots of room and is a real two room suite. The bed was very comfortable as was the sofa. The room was clean and housekeeping did a great job each day. There isn't much to the hotel itself but the decor is fresh, clean and elegant. It's connected to Mandalay Bay which has tons of things to do with great restaurants, shops, pools, and the Shark Reef. We stayed six days and had a wonderful time. We booked our room three months in advance and got a good deal at $114 a night. The rooms run much higher normally.
4	This hotel is my absolute favorite! Every year my sister and I go to Vegas on our sister trip and we've stayed at this hotel three years in a row! My sister and I go to Vegas for the Spa's and Shows, so we're not big party-ers and this hotel is the perfect fit! There is no smoking, in the lobby which is wonderful. It smells amazing and is very quiet when you first walk in. But if you're like me and you kind of like the smell of casino's and stale cigarettes, the Mandalay Bay casino is a short walk away. Check in has always been fast and easy for us, and we always get the room that we want. One year there was a bigger line, but it's to be expected. It's a hotel in Vegas. The interior of the hotel is gorgeous and very modern. Clean lines and dark granite which is something I love. It feels classy and doesn't feel like a normal cliched Vegas hotel/casino. The rooms are big and very spacious! There are two bathrooms in most rooms and a small "living room". The bedrooms are very clean and are just the right size. The bathroom has a lovely large tub and standup shower. Very spacious. There is a TV in every room, though the reception kind of sucks and the channel selection is slim. There is in room wifi which is always a plus. The costumer service is wonderful. Everyone is very friendly and polite and eager to help if you have any problems. The housekeeping is a little weird. My sister and I are early risers so we were out of the room by 9am for breakfast and didn't come back until almost 4pm and housekeeping was still in our room. This only happened on one day out of our five days there. We also had a similar situation were the housekeeping staff claimed we didn't hit the housekeeping button on the door, but we did. So they had to come later in the day to clean the room. But over all they do a nice job and are very friendly. Funnily enough both of these instances with housekeeping happened on Wednesday. The first time we went they had really nice shampoo, conditioner and lotions from Gilchrist & Soames but the following year they had a no name brand in crappy containers that do nothing for your hair. I loved the first stuff, but the second time it felt like generic hotel shampoo. PLEASE GO BACK. The new stuff stinks! And what happened to the lovely bath salts? That was a nice touch, sad to see they had disappeared from the room during on second stay there. I think for the room size, and all it's accommodations it's priced very fairly.  I also highly recommend THEbathhouse Spa. I can't wait to go again in August!
5	I've stayed here twice! This place is very different from Mandalay Bay...it is an extension to the hotel that are mainly luxurious suites!The suite we stayed in had 1.5 bathrooms, living room, work desk, huge bed, closet, and luxiourious bathroom!The check-in was fast and easy..no complications.Staff were helpful.Only problem is that it is somewhat off the strip..but its walkable.
3	Got to the room and there was a random open bottle of water ....Enough Said
3	Aquarium is totally NOT worth it, unless you never been to an acquiring before. I wouldn't waste money on it.
5	The suites in this hotel is probably every woman's dream loft. No joke, I fell in love upon entrance. Huge mirror right when you walk in, spacious living room separate from the bedroom, full bathroom with shower and bathtub, a half bathroom on the other side of the suite, mini bar area with fridge. And shelves, shelves, shelves everywhere!! This was perfect for sharing with a bunch of girls because we had shelves to put each of our accessories and didn't crowd up the entire sink area. But wait! There's more! There were 2 separate closets with mirrors on the outer doors, heaven for all womankind!!Since THEhotel is at the very beginning of the strip, most of the popular stuff is not walking distance, but there were no complaints here!There isn't a casino in this building, but you can walk over to Mandalay Bay to play.
5	Probably the nicest room I've stayed at in Vegas. The hotel doesn't have a casino of its own but it's connected by a very short walk to Mandalay Bay which does. It's very modern and classy, the absence of a casino leaves the hotel smelling of the fresh flowers and clean. Reminds me of the Wynn, not the stereotypical Vegas clientele. I would of rated it higher had there not been some issues with a resort credit that could of easily been side stepped as well as one of the rooms that had a corner view basically had no closet due to all the windows.
1	DO NOT BOOK AT the hotel..ALTHO WE CONFIRMED TWICE DURING THE DAY OF ARRIVAL WHEN WE ARRIVED THEY HAD NO ROOM FOR US...it was a horror show! Then made me walk 2 mi to Mandalay and had to wait for my bag from bell desk for an hour. What a waste of time! This happened to others checking in next to me also.they typically OVERBOOK then shlep you  over to Mandalay Bay without so much as a nod..TUFF LUCK! If you want the hotel..GOOD LUCK! this is a scheme and a racket! Didn't offer any complimentary for the screw job..just ..TOUGH LUCK! Don't be sucked in! This is a huge rip-off...Stay any where else..you're better off..I didn't sign up for paying $500 for 2 nights at Mandalay Bay..GIVE ME A BREAK! It also bothers me they couldn't care less...NOT so much as a "We're Sorry" just tough luck.WHAT A JOKE! I just realized they are getting $200 more a night at the hotel for my room than what I booked it for in advance..this is TRULY a rip-off..so they give MY reserved room to a walk in for $200 more than I pd for it!  NOW I GET IT!RIP OFF     RIP OFF     RIP OFF      RIP OFF   RIP OFF    RIP OFF   RIP OFF   RIP OFFCAN YOU SAY BAIT AND SWITCH??????????????
4	THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay is an excellent hotel.  It is a non-gaming hotel, meaning there is no gambling, but the Mandalay Bay casino is mere steps away.  I was a fan because it meant the smoke factor was virtually non-existent.  A very low key, calm hotel located at the very beginning of the strip.  If you are looking for more action, I would stay somewhere more centrally located.  Also, not really within walking distance of much.  You could take the tram to Luxor, to Excalibur, walk to New York New York and cross over to MGM...but damn thats a lot to do.I came for a complimentary weekend...the staff was excellent.  Our room was not yet ready when we arrived around 1pm on a Saturday...they gave us our rooms keys so that we could access the pool, and then they would call us when our room was ready.  We left our luggage with the Bell Desk and had no problems checking it in or retrieving it.  When I called the desk to have our luggage delivered to the room, it was there in a record 5 minutes.There was a slight mix up...we received a call that our room was ready, then another call that it wasn't, then a call that it was.  Slight miscommunication amongst the staff apparently.  Not a big deal to me since I was losing money in the casino, but they were kind enough to grant us a $100 room credit. Sweet! The next day we received another phone call about the mix up, and we were told our room service charge was waived and the room credit bumped back up to $150. Wow!! Sounds great...except every time we tried to use our room credit there was no record of it and it became a battle.  If you are going to give something like that, please make sure that it works! The hassle was unbelievable, to the point that I almost regretted having a room credit.  And please be clear that it is a room credit for anything you can charge to the room or food and beverage ONLY.  I did appreciate the follow up and friendliness of all the staff though.The room itself was very nice.  Comfy queen beds. A living room with couch, desk, bar area, flat screen tv with dvd player, and a half bath near the front door.  Loved having the half bath...people could still do their business while someone else was in the shower.  TV in the main bathroom too.  And mirrors everywhere...if you can't find someplace to stare at yourself you have issues.The pool area at Mandalay Bay is pretty cool...I loved the wave pool.  Small lazy river and a small regular pool.  No lounging on the "reef" but I was told adults could lounge in the kiddie pool adjacent to the wave pool.I would stay again, definitely if it was another comped weekend.  I have stayed in a fair amount of Vegas hotels, both on and off the strip.  This one was very nice....calm, peaceful and serene.  The new nightclub Light (formerly Rum Jungle) opens soon in Mandalay Bay, and it will be a great addition to the Vegas scene at that end of the strip.
3	THEhotel, the sister hotel to Mandalay Bay, was slightly disappointing.  Although I really liked the modern decor and large rooms, there were a few downsides that were quite unpleasant.  First of all, the whole hotel reeked of sulfur, from the lobby to the hallways.  I'm not sure what the cause of that smell was but it was pretty disgusting.  Luckily the smell wasn't in our room!  The rooms are spacious but the beds are not very comfortable.  Even though it was nice that the hotel didn't have a casino, thus no smoke, it would have been convenient to have its own pool.  If you want to go to the pool, its a 10-15 minute walk from the bottom of the elevators.  Overall, it's not the best hotel, and I probably won't be returning.
4	First time here and the first impression was great! The Hotel has dim mood lighting that sets off the entrance. The decor was very modern and up to date.It is a non gaming hotel, which means very little cigarette smoking. The staff was very friendly and helpful especially when it came to them holding our bags as we arrived prior to our room being ready.We decided to sit by the pool until our room was ready, which was a trek all the way to Mandalay Bay, but it wasn't that bad. After a few hours there by the pool a text or call never came from the reception to let us know the room would be available, which is what they said they would do. We had to make the call ourselves and at that time was informed of our room number. Went up to the room and it was room 15801, and it was great!! King bed with 1.5 baths. Looked like a small apartment. The living room and bedroom contained old plasma TVs but the bathroom TV looked a bit newer. The furniture was extremely comfortable as well as the bed. The clerk that brought our bags up to the room was very friendly informing us of the hotels features and even offered to get ice for us when we asked where the Ice Room was located. Very good staff member here!!Now the bathroom was not set up properly compared to the standard when you have two people in a room. We only had two bath towels, two hand towels and two wash cloths. There were no signs of a floor mat for the shower. So we had to turn one of the towels into the floor mat after shower one, and request more bath towels from the housekeeper on the floor.As you can tell The Hotel loves to have mood lighting and the rooms do not differ from their approach. The rooms have dim lighting as well and at night if you don't have the sharpest of vision you may feel the need to turn on every light in the room to navigate. I was fine with the dim lighting, but my other half wanted every light on under the sun.Overall, I was pleased with The Hotel and it was a great first experience. I'd recommend you check it out if you've never stayed and enjoy it first hand. Thank you for reading.
5	Conveniently located next to Mandalay Bay Resort and easily accessible by foot and vehicle to all other strip casino resorts. The shopping mall will directly lead you to Luxor or one can access the tram all the way to Excalibur. Use Frank Sinatra Drive or Hacienda Ave at the rear of the hotel to easily avoid all strip traffic congestion.All rooms are suites with separate bedrooms, living rooms, a large bathroom and powder room. There is also a mini bar and coffee maker. The only negative comment I would say is that there is no refrigerator so if you dine at a nice, pricey high end establishment but cannot finish your meal and want to bag it, you will have no refrigerator to keep it in.The best accommodating feature about this establishment is THEpool! No other casino/hotel there has a beach, man-made wave machine and lazy river all in one. Definitely a must with kids!
2	May, 2013:: We (2) are adult experienced world travelers for 20 years. THE GOOD: TheHotel is one of the better, calmer, non-casino hotels on the LV strip. We stayed at a discounted 'suite' on the 19th floor with a 'mountain view'. The rooms were exceptionally large with a living room + 1/2 bath and very large bedroom with very-large bath+shower w-seperate toilet area (very nice). Now for the THE NEGATIVE:  Within a few minutes of entering the room we received a knock from housekeeping. The lady entered and began checking the stocking of the mini-bar, then left. Several minutes later another knock and a second woman bruskly stated that she need to "look at the room" ... we refused to allow her entry since when asking "why do you want to come into the room" she angrily stated that "I need to check to see who is in the room" ... we closed the door after a polite refusal (very unpleasant first impression).  Upon examining the interior of the Armoie (closet-cabinets) I discovered old socks and lady's underwear from the prior occupants. It raised our awareness that the "housekeeping" was substantially off-it's-game.Later that first evening, when I stepped into the beautiful shower I quickly reacted to the STEAMING-HOT water ... even when set to the 'cold' setting.  I tried everything to adjust it to temperate, but nothing worked. I went by the front-desk as we went out later that first evening and the kind desk-lady said 'Engineering was notified' she asked if engineering could go into the room that night, and I agreed we would like it corrected that evening. She said that a "followup" would be conducted. Upon returning several hours later I found a business card from engineering stating "call if you still have problems".  My wife tried to use the shower and again the water quickly became steaming-hot ... showers were not possible because no matter what we did, on the coldest setting the water remained steaming hot. Since it was well into our second day and no "followup" had been conducted (they had askied to have my cell-phone # for followup contact), I again notified the desk at checkout. I did not want this problem to result in a child, or other person(s) being caught by suprise and likely being scalded.IN FAIRNESS:  THE VERY-GOOD ... the front desk personnel and the concierge lady were exceedingly pleasant to deal with ... particularly in comparison to Bellagio, and some of the other *GM stays. The front desk lady offered us a business-card for 2-for-1 drinks on the 64th -FL of Mandalay Bay at 'THE FOUNDATION ROOM' where we decided to have a very pleasant dinner and evening on the patio overlooking the strip ... the waiters and food were really exceptional ... PARTICULARLY THE WAITERS who obviously took a warm and personal pride in the experience they created for all the diners ... a very personal fine dining approach!IMPROVEMENTS:  Correction of basic room amenities (plumbing) and better housekeeping and staff manners are essential, without stating further..  IF THE-HOTEL IS INTERESTED IN HIGH-RATINGS ... they must consider providing a few complimentary coffee pucks for the Keurig Coffee Maker together with a daily paper for the suites, if not the rooms as well.  The Lowe's Resort Hotels provide this, together with fully natural-cotton bathrobes (rather than synthetics ... a picky point here). But, if a hotel aspires to be at the top-of-the-game ... these are the typical amenities provided at truly fine world-class resort hotels.  Also, it would be better to keep the condoms in a discreet location, not on top of the MB-counter with crackers!
3	Our stay was at the Four Seasons, but we had access to use all the Mandalay Bay facilities.This hotel is as far of the south end of the strip as you can get and has a monorail tram connecting to the Luxor & Excalibur Hotels. We used this a lot to get as far north as possible. An easy walk from the tram stop over the bridges to NY, NY then to MGM Grand will connect you to the larger monorail system. Do NOT eat at: The Noodle Shop, worst Pad Thai that ever was served.  The Bayside buffet was "meh" for breakfast. Seeing waffles freshly made we selected and although steaming fresh, they were cardboard-y and the scrambled eggs were surely powder eggs, yuk, prison food. The Orchid had the BEST cup of coffee ever, serious. An OK breakfast, but not worthy of the $25 per person for awesome coffee. The service was excellent though.  The casino was big and after finding some video poker machines with 9/5 odds settled in to serious gambling & cocktails waitresses were regular & kept the drinks at hand. Casino bathrooms are too few and far between. Heavy on the slots, few video poker, most offered 8/4 odds.The pool was crowed and the chaises were so close together, there was no way to gracefully get in to one. The wave pool was interesting, didn't use the lazy river as we didn't buy/rent a float (I think hotel quests should get one per room, gratis rental).  We used the tram to the Luxor/ Excalibur a lot to get north to the action part of the strip. The service overall was excellent.
5	I stayed here for 3 nights just last week. We stayed at Mandalay Bay and not TheHotel. The hotel is at the very end of the strip which was a plus and also a minus in some instances. Check in was a breeze. I was in the 2 bedroom suite on the 60th floor and let me tell you this room was pretty dope. Upon entering the room I took a minute and inspected everything. Everything was up to par and clean. The beds are super comfy and the jet bathtub was super clutch. Even had a tv to watch while soaking in the bath. The casino itself was also pretty nice. My only complaint is that the bathrooms are scarce. I was playing pai gow in the lotus room and had to walk a good 3 minutes to find a bathroom. Drink service while gambling was excellent.I had breakfast at Raffles cafe and it was pretty good and standard vegas prices ( 20 bucks for 2 eggs and some meat and toast ) . My only complaint is the lack of quick and cheap bites to eat. I had to walk through the mall and go to luxor to get some McDonalds and some pizza place. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family. The service was excellent, the rooms were beautiful and I had a great time!
5	The HotelOverall 4.75 StarGold medal- Room sizeSilver medal - Free WifiBronze medal - Mandalay BeachThe only deduction I would give The Hotel is that it is a far walk from the casino area and that is new, but not that new for Vegas as like Cosmo.  Funny how things get old in Vegas oh so fast!  The rooms here have a nice living room with powder room.  The bedroom and the bathroom are all very roomy as well.The hotel has free wifi for no extra charge.  Unless you count the resort fee as an extra charge.The Mandalay Beach is amazing!!  There is sand, a wave pool, a lazy river, and a Euro section.  ohlala!!HAPPY HOTELING!!
5	Totally worth it.
4	The only reason I am not giving this hotel 5 stars is because of the smell in the hallways and the fact it isn't as contemporary of decor that I usually like. The guy at the front desk went above & beyond! I had lost my debit card & he allowed me to block the incidentals. I told him I was celebrating my birthday and the weekend was kind of rough so he upgraded me to a king suite with a jacuzzi tub! The service at this hotel is amazing and I really like their casino as well.
5	I ALWAYS stay at the HOTEL..This time I went allout and did the HUGE Penthouse suite 61st floor...AMAZING sq footage..tons of big screens..3 bathrooms..jacquizzi..etc..The pools were fun..I just dont like paying $26 for a strawberry and rum iced drink by pool. each day by pool I spent about $200 bucks drinks and burgers/sandwiches.The casino is always super clean and fresh air. buffet a steal at $17.00 in am..late nite buffet prime rib shrimp cocktail n more amazing. its a 9 star not 5 star rating
5	Such a beautiful place! Had a very nice stay and great service.
4	I have stayed here twice and booked a total of four rooms. Love the lobby and decor and SMELL! AMAZING smell. It is a nonsmoking hotel so that is a plus! The service has always been great. Rooms: Regular Suite: Nice sized suite with cool mirror closets. We had issues with our room on the recent trip so they changed our room to a higher floor with a better view and comped one night. V-Suite: Bigger living room area than regular suite but less closet space. Wifi: Not good. The reception was really bad. Pool: AMAMAMAMAMAMAZING!!!!! LOVED IT!
3	My husband and I stayed at Mandalay Bay only because there was a concert there we were attending and received a discount from the concert event. We paid 99 a night and I feel very badly for the people writing reviews saying they paid over 200 dollars to stay here...it's definitely not worth THAT much money. We flew from Fl so we were very tired when we arrived and lucky for us the room we booked was not available. We booked a king room and the new trainy girl said for the same money she could give us 2 queens. We thought that was considerate of her to down grade our bed size for the same price. We told her that we booked the king room through the website and that's what we wanted. Well after pitching a fit, she said she'd have a king ready in about 1 hour b/c they were cleaning it. The manager was right there and didn't apologize or offer anything for our inconvenience. Even though we were tired, we decided to wait for the king. We were hoping they would at least give us vouchers to eat, upgrade us for a night or anything b/c we had to wait, but they didn't feel it was necessary. Soo we just hung out in the lobby with our luggage for an hour until they called our cell phone to let us know the room was ready. We were on the 12th floor, view was of the pools/beach and airport. We heard the helicopters and planes but it really wasn't so loud you couldn't sleep. The only problem we did have was when there was another concert on their beach,  we could hear it perfectly as well as the screaming from the crowd right through the window. The room was nice though. We loved the flat screen tv in the bathroom...that was fun. The bed was comfortable. After settling in, getting undressed and trying to relax we got a knock on the door. After trying to get dressed to answer the door, the maintenance man almost started to come into the room b/c nobody was answering quickly enough. He said he was there to fix the drain in the shower, which we never called about. Well, he came in anyway and fixed something with it. I thought it was pretty rude to almost come barging in.  Nobody notified us that housekeeping was who called mainenance, so we called down to the desk and we actually received some customer service. Surprise for us. They comped us for the buffet downstairs. Also, we asked if we'd be charged to use the fridge and when we said we'd like to use it but were scared to open it b/c of the charges, they brought us a mini fridge free of charge.  The location of this hotel is really why we'd never ever stay here again. It's so much farther from the strip then you'd think. We figured no big deal, we'll take the monorail and we'll walk. Well, when you're up late at night the monorail is out b/c it closes at 10:30. Walking from the strip through Excalibur, then Luxor and then through Mandalay is a loooong haul. We took taxis after awhile b/c my husband was sick and too tired to walk from the hotel down to the middle of the strip. The taxis are a total rip off. Instead of taking the strip they took the back roads and highway every single time. It was about 15-17 dollars a ride. Even when we wanted to go to MGM which is about a 5 minute car ride, the guy took us all around town. 15 dollars! to go 2/10 of a mile. It's just very inconvenient if you are wanting to go do a lot of things on the strip. If you're satisfied with just staying at the hotel and/or the other 2 hotels next door then this hotel would be fine for you (also at a decent rate) But for the same money it would normally cost to stay here, you can find better hotels on the strip or towards the center that are more convenient. Also, the only 24 hr restaurant was Raffles. Because it was the only one open at this hotel, there was always a huge line and all the other hotels were so far you really don't have many choices to eat. They need more restaurants that are open late. They had a hidden food court by the Shark Reef Aquarium but the restaurants weren't even open at 4:00 in the afternoon! We ended up ordering pizza from El Verde which was really good, cheap (10$ for a large) and delivered in 30 min. Look them up if you go!
3	We stayed here while my husband was working in Vegas.  I chose Mandalay because it looked the most family friendly.  We have two small children, there was no changing table in the pool area.  The pack and plays and fridges are $35 a night... I think those are amenities that should be included at a 4 star hotel.  I would probably look for another hotel next time - it was just okay.
5	Enjoyed my stay very much! smoking rooms were not that bad as people make them out to be. Do not use the coffee machine in the room they charge you 4$ for it and I suggest checking in earlier than 3pm,
1	I stay here a minimum of three times per year. My last stay, last week, was depressing. Key cards did not work properly ( required repeated insertions in door to get it open) there was no bath mat placed in the bathroom, so I had to use a regulalr towel on the floor. Speaking of regular towels, could they be any rougher? Lots of signs of wear and tear...stains on the couch, scratches on wood and furniture, bed sagging in center. Tiles in shower look skeavy. All of this would have just led to a ho hum, no complaint on Yelp, but what really irked me was my last morning there. I went for an early breakfast came back to my room and neither one of the key cards would work any longer. I was in a huge rush to get packed, check out and make it to a 10 am business meeting. I waited in line, got new key cards, packed and rushed downstairs to check out. Waited in line for 20 minutes while three THE Hotel staff wasted time chatting with people trying to check in at 10am. You see, rather than have one line for check in and one line for check out, which would show organization, they do not do that. So people trying to check in at 10 am, when check in is not until 2pm, have nothing better to do than to chat the front desk staff. Meanwhile, those of us waiting to check out, needing to catch a plane, get to a metting, whatever, just waited. The waiting line quickly became quite long. After 20 minutes, when i finally got to a front desk person and complained about the wait and lack of organized lines, I got the rudest, most disrespectful response ever. So, if you stay there, be prepared for crappy service. I will never stay there again! It is fallen on hardtimes and poorly managed!
1	I am a frequent here at both THE hotel and Mandalay Bay but this weekend changed that indefinitely for good. I would not think to come back here ever ever ever. Overall my stay here this past weekend was horrid because it was one bad situation toppled on top of another. Room was booked under casino in APRIL and we did a follow up a month before arrival and THE SAME DAY AT 6 P.M, but based on availability, our suite at THE hotel was unavailable. Maybe it would have been nice if they did a follow up. We called at 6 p.m informing them of our arrival but at 8 p.m, the hotel changed it by downgrading us. Mind you we had a large group and a dog (Mandalay Bay does not welcome pets) so we had to drop off our dog elsewhere. Very understandable because that is noted on the terms and agreements. Secondly, after going back and forth with the front desk, they informed us that a room would be ready in an hour because it was not clean. Arrival to the hotel was almost at midnight. So my group and I resorted to canceling plans on a Friday because it was too late to go out. They gave me a petty $50.00 for food credit then bumped it up to $75.00. It was a complete waste of our Friday night so this bootleg comp money could not buy our happiness. We got in at 12 a.m, and got into our room at 2 .am It only gets better, our belongings had to be hauled from THE hotel to Mandalay Bay and our car was at THE hotel garage to top it off. It the midst of all these issues we decided to move on, well that didn't happen.  We needed extra towels and that was an annoyance because it's so SIMPLE. Housekeeping completely forgot to bring the towels, fine it happens. I went down the hall to scavenge from them myself, then to find three different housekeepers that were unfriendly to say the least. I went to all three of them and they did not want to spare me three god damn towels. Is it that serious? I HAD TO CALL HOUSEKKEPING so the supervisor could walk me to where the towel storage room.The hotel room was very clean ! Minor issues were a lot of the outlets not working at all. The a/c was not working sufficiently because it was extremely hot.Valet didn't want to take my car and had to debate with the 118 degree heat on why they had to take my car in. That was insane because they wanted to send me to THE hotel parking lot, creepy and confusing cause that's where we got transferred from.  Management called our room because they found out how horrific our situation was; mind you none of us complained what so ever. The manager was accommodating but again, trying to buy our love with the petty comps, she bumped it from $75.00 to $150.00. I felt as if they throw that in your face just to justify all the bad that went wrong, Nope doesn't work. On Saturday, our room was NOT CLEANED, and no we did not have the do not disturb sign ETC. We didn't call to complain. All I did was kept my mouth shut because I was trying to enjoy an eventful weekend. I had to call for toilet paper and toiletries on different occasions. What was supposed to be a three night stay turned into two night stay. We needed to vacate because we were very annoyed with this hotel as a whole. Coming back to this property is highly unlikely. What a weekend ruined. Never again !
5	One of the nicest suites I have ever stayed at. This was my second time coming here and enjoyed everything this awesome hotel has to offer. Nice pool, spa, beds and comfort .  I will be coming back soon that's for sure.
4	Mandalay Bay is a wonderful place to stay as long as you have loads of money to spend on food, drink and shade by the pools. Disappointed that there wasn't a coffee maker in the room and had to spend $14 every morning for three cups of regular coffee! The price of beer and mixed drinks was outrageous - $54 for three pina coladas with tip, and the lunches were a minimum of $25 per person.  The food was very tasty though and quantity was generous.  Was very disappointed in the service at our special meet the parents of the groom dinner at Lupo's - the bill came to $800 for nine people (average $75 per person except for two who had pizza) with a couple bottles of wine and two mixed drinks!  The pools were great except when it was 115 degrees and tree shade was minimal - unbrellas $100 and each chair underneath $100! So, bring your pocketbook and enjoy!
5	Super nice mini suite. Very cool that there was 1 1/2 bathrooms and the view was wonderful. The second room had a nice TV, couch, desk, bar and bathroom. The bedroom had comfortable beds, a TV, and a very large bathroom with a TV.There was a little smoky smell in the room when the air conditioner was on but it seemed to go away later in the evening. The staff was super and always friendly. I will definitely stay here again.
4	Gorgeous hotel (feels a little boutique) on the south end of the strip. Very quiet (pro or con depending on who you are) Loved the room and set up of the suites. We had 2 kids (5yrs old) and 2 adults. Plenty of space for all! Non Smoking hallways which was nice to have with the kids. Would stay there again. Biggest negatives were surrounding the  pool as fun as it is! Which it is fun!!! The pool was really far to walk to - had to cross the casino to Mandalay Bay and walk around outside. The Lazy River was nice but you had to purchase the inner tubes to use - no renting. Bring your own if you can! Chairs to lounge on started at $50 per chair if you want it to have any kind of cushion. Oh and the umbrellas are $50 a piece as well. We were there 4th of July weekend so for the holiday they jumped to $100 a piece. Cabanas looked great and ranged from $350 - $650 depending on day and location.Regardless of those negative comments we had a fabulous time. Just wish we were forewarned about the extra charges beforehand!
5	Besides the annoying name, this is a very nice, elegant hotel.  I read some one-star review on Yelp and she's whining, because she stuck 20 people in a room and they only gave them three sets of towels.  LOL.  OMG.  Can they even stick 20 people in a room?  Is that allowed???  Can you say cheap!  I'd say shame on THEhotel for allowing them to do that and then get a one-star rating on Yelp for it.  They should have thrown them to the street.  Per person they would have paid more for 10-rooms at Motel 6.  Who does that?  There is a separate living room area and bedroom area.  The valet is very close to the elevators, the benefit of staying at a hotel not hotel-casino.  If you want casino, it's only about a 100-meters to next door, Mandalay Bay.  You can also use the Mandalay super large pool area.  So it really is sort of the best of two worlds.  You don't have to walk through annoying casino floors to get to your room, and it's quiet there, and then if you want, you can walk over to the casino and large pool area where they have a casino at the pool!  Great service too, although the three valets didn't notice my car pull up at 2 AM even after honking.  No biggie.  They were prompt otherwise.  Had a really good time here, and the Mix Lounge has a great view of Vegas on the top floor.  Only bad thing, no fault of THEhotel was walking by Michael Jackson's show, the pedophile whose fans conveniently ignore that fact.  Like if you're rich and famous enough in America, you can kill your wife, rape a child, sell junk bonds and get bailed out, not pay taxes, and snort coke and never spend a day in jail.  I loving America!
5	Simply an amazing hotel. The Hotel is the best tower at Mandalay Bay. Rooms are spacious and have beautiful views. Every attention to detail was given.
1	I have stayed at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay at least four times in the last six months. Usually the experience as been a positive one, no noise, non gaming hotel, without the smoking odor that many hotels have. However my recent stay was horrible. The express checkout through my mobile app did not show my actual bill, I was hung up on three times attempting to check out and then told I was checked out and my bill would be emailed to me.After twelve hours and still no bill, I called THE Hotel and spoke to a man who was reading the bill information to me and my concern immediately skyrocketed because there were charges that were not mine...then he called me by the wrong name and realized he was reading a different customer's bill.Lastly, the bill he emailed me did not have my dining charges removed (as I had a $75 resort credit). I explained this and he updated the bill immediately but said the charges were already processed on my credit card and the credit issues would not appear for two to three weeks!I cannot say how simply horrible the entire customer service experience was during this recent stay. I am in Vegas frequently for business and have decided to NEVER stay at this hotel again. I have booked at a NON MGM property (The Encore) for my next trip and hopefully it will be the start of many repeat stays.THE Hotel...you lost a very loyal customer...and I would not recommend it to a coworker or friend.
3	Nice hotel, excellent pool and relaxing spa
2	Overall pretty bad for a hotel that used to be a great hotel.  On Saturday when I tried to check in at the VIP desk I was told we don't have one today since we're short-staffed.  But checked in fairly quickly.  Went up to my room on the 25th floor.  Though the room was relatively clean, the big screen in the living room was literally falling apart with pieces of it hanging down.  The television in the bedroom was still a large tube television from the 90's and the reception on both sets was bad.  Tried to go to sleep around 1am but couldn't get to sleep until after 3am since the club Mix was shaking the building with the DJ music.  My friends on the 7th floor also couldn't sleep from the club noise coming from Mix.  I asked the front desk about the club noise on Sunday morning but was told that the DJ wasn't there on Sundays....which was wrong and had pounding music until 1am.  AC in the room was pretty bad and noisy.  I had maintenance come up to fix the AC in the bedroom...which still didn't help much since you had to lower the temp to minimum of 63 degrees to get at least some cool air.  When I went to check out, the bill was messed up with mini-bar charges that I never incurred and didn't give me my food and beverage credit.  They did fix those issues on the bill when I pointed them out.  And they want to charge you $25 a day to use the gym which is included at other MGM properties with the daily resort fee. Since this is going to become a Delano Hotel coming up with a promised full overhaul, it may be better to wait and see if they get some of these issues addressed.
2	geeze, what is that STANK!!!?Though the rooms were decent for living quarters there is this amazing foul smell on the floor every single time we walk into our hotel and into our rooms! for $500 for the weekend, i shouldn't be getting stinky rooms?!! regardless, I thought The Hotel was suppose to be nicer because each suite has a living room and restroom and than a door that opens up to the bedroom with a double bed, restroom comes with a bath and a shower . our room was right on next to the night club, so around 6pm the music was already going crazy! It leaves people like my friends that party all night and then party all morning from day clubbing with little to no rest! I really wished they mentioned that it may be nosy so please excuse that. Of course, no warnings! Terrible!
5	I got upgraded to this hotel from Mandalay Bay for my birthday!! The wonderful staff upgraded me to a 1 bedroom suite! I must say out of all the hotels I have stayed at this was by far the best one. The suites are great!! I also loved the wonderful Michael Jackson Tribute and pictures they had in the show area very nice! HOwever there is a funny smell in the elevator area and in the hallways. Smells like a sewer!!  But after so many drinks lol I didnt even notice anymore. Thats why I give 5 stars!!
4	I was impressed as soon as I walked through the door. This hotel has a very posh feel to it. It is at the south end of the strip and boasts a fabulous bar on the 64th floor called Mix, which flaunts spectacular views of the strip.
2	Well my husbands company had their yearly event here and i know they dropped millions here. Upon check in the young lady at the front desk was just straight out rude! We checked in about 1:45 and she said our room wouldn't be ready until 3:00 and that they would text us when it was ready. He had to check in for his event and he asked her where he needed to go and she said "I have no idea". really? This huge event is in your hotel and you have no idea where check in is? So we had our luggage and needed to store it, behind us was a bellhop that saw us with all of our luggage and he turned around totally ignoring us! I couldn't believe it! I know he saw us. So we walked around til 3:15 and no text. We had to go to the front desk and they said "oh we're behind that's why you didn't get a text". Ok I'm over it at this point. I called and asked for towels and waited about 45 minutes for that. The room was nice but just the level of service is certainly not up to par. There was no where just to grab a casual bite to eat on the casino level. We usually stay at Planet Hollywood and their level of service is so much better. I don't see myself paying $400 a night here ever!
4	The Customer Relations department at Mandalay contacted me several times by email to try to make things right...I'm really impressed with the follow-up!  I'm upping the rating for their customer relations work...
4	NOTE: My cousin is an M life member and was given a lot of perks during this particular stay. This may not be the typical hotel stay for an average party in Vegas.---PARKING: THEhotel and Mandalay Bay share the same parking structure. CHECK-IN: Check-in area felt serene as the background music made me feel like I was walking into a massage parlor. Since our party arrived before rooms were ready, we could just leave our luggage at the bell desk.ROOM: When we came in the suite was pristine. In the living room area was a couch, chair, tables and TV. There was an office area overlooking a view of the pool (my cousin wanted a pool view). This was connected to an area with the two beds and bathroom. BATHROOM: For the suite, there was a full bathroom and a bathroom with just a toilet. I only used the full bathroom for showers, I loved having privacy whenever I used the toilet-only bathroom. Also made a good area to change in private.SHOWER: The shower was pretty finicky; I wasn't able to get a shower with constant temperature. I had to keep on adjusting the knob because it was either too cold or too hot!My other cousins really liked their room slippers as they were soft and comfy; they make good souvenirs.BEDS: Clean and very comfortable. All of us had a hard time getting out of bed because they were that comfy. I slept on the couch one day, couch was also clean and comfortable. Housekeeping was also nice enough to provide an extra blanket and pillow.HOUSEKEEPING: This one housekeeping lady was very nice! While I was in the room studying, housekeeping came by. Noticing me, the lady only offered to replace towels and add toiletries. She offered to give us plenty of toiletries, and plenty did she give! ROOM SERVICE: My cousin got $100 room service credit to both suites. We were able to use that by ordering room service on the last day. Room service takes 45-60 minutes from the time of order.Corned Beef Hash: Poached egg was soft and yolky. Compared to the corned beef hash at Raffles, meat was softer and a tad bit salty.I also had my cousin's brioche french toast. It was very sweet and tasted more like bread pudding.CHECK-OUT: This is why I gave this hotel four stars instead of five. When my cousin used the TV to check balance, she noticed a lot of excess charges. In particular was that she didn't get the room service credit for the other suite. Discussing these excess charges took a lot out of her time (at least an hour), only for the staff to admit that it was an error on their part. At least in the end everything got taken care of.This was one of the top 3 hotel rooms I've stayed in Vegas, will come back here.
5	Definitely one of my favorite places to stay in LV. There's no smoking in this Hotel! Great pools and really good Blue Crap Eggs Benedict at the Cafe.
5	I love this hotel. The rooms are inexpensive suites if you're an mlife member you can often get the rooms complementary! You can bring your dog (which I did) for an extra $50 per night. They even have the pampered pet room service menu. Yes room service for your dog.
4	Great spot. Nice rooms. Comfy beds. Many rooms have a view of the parking lot, but hopefully you are coming here to not be in your room too long. Came here for a bachelorette party. The resort is clean and large, so at first it can be hard to find the correct elevator for THEhotel if you come in through Mandalay Bay. Tip: avoid the long check in lines at Mandalay Bay and check in at THEhotel. There is a hidden reception desk. The pools are fantastic. Moorea Bay allows the ladies to take their tops off, so be prepared. It is free for gals to get in, guys have to pay $40. You can bring your own drinks in if they are in plastic containers.
5	Love this place and we got an awesome locals deal on a suite through MGM. Can't wait for a night away to celebrate our anniversary.
2	I didn't know whether it would be fair to review THEhotel when they were ambushed by hordes of pre-teens attending back-to-back One Direction concerts. Being surrounded by "I love 1D" and "1D 4 Lyfe" shirts would be enough to drive anyone batty. So, I've tried my best to take these extenuating circumstances into account when thinking about my recent stay there.I hate to say that the first (bad) thing that hits you right as you step into the lobby is this...stench (which a previous reviewer delicately coined "STANK"). Now I know that a lot of Vegas hotels like to perfume their lobbies, but this took it to a whole other level. A friend summed it up best as "sewage mixed with cheap air freshener to cover the sewage". Another thing we encountered was a 1+ hour check-in line. Never have I had to deal with such a wait, anywhere - the line was at a standstill for most of the time. Now whether you work at a grocery store, a movie theatre, or a hotel, if you see a long line of customers growing steadily...wouldn't you call for reinforcements to help expedite? No? Maybe it's just me.The rooms were fine, and more spacious than what you get at a lot of other hotels. Each room has a separate bedroom and living area, a large washroom and a smaller powder room. However (and this may be the handiwork of the One Directioners), THEhotel was woefully understaffed and lacking supplies the weekend we were there. Not once were we able to get in touch with the front desk for anything. They also ran out of extra bedding, meaning the poor soul sleeping on the sofa had to use bathrobes and towels as blankets. One huge selling point of the Mandalay Bay / THEhotel complex is the huge pool area, complete with wave pool and lazy river. I suspect this is what gives it a much more "kid-friendly" vibe than other hotels, as there was very few adults-only areas available. That being said, I was happy to note that even on such a busy weekend, there were still empty chairs to be had and easy access to the bar, free water, and food. If given the choice, I definitely would not stay here again - unless I had kids. It wasn't the worst, but I'd rather stay at the Palazzo, Venetian, Wynn, or Encore any day, or Paris, MGM or Planet Hollywood for comparable pricing.
1	Headed to Vegas to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary and husbands birthday. With Michel Jackson tickets in hand for Monday and dinner reservations at Mixx on Tuesday to celebrate our big day we were pretty excited to get away.Booked reservations at Mandalay Bay so I don't know how we ended up at The Hotel but the check in girl made it seem like we were being upgraded so we we went with it.I have to agree with another couple of reviews regarding the smell. There is an obvious sewage problem that carries throughout the hotel once you leave the casino floor to the lobby. As you walk through the lobby hallway it's all anyone noticed and I'm surprised it's in another yelp review dated a month back and it's still so bad. It's definitely unappealing. Our room was clean and nice although only 1 pillow and 1 towel for each of us.The biggest problem is the building next door about 5 floors down has huge fans on it's roof that apparently never shut off.I noticed how loud they were( think helicopter hovering outside window) and on our way to the show talked to check in desk and confirmed that fans ran 24/7. Requested a different room and could not be accommodated because the hotel was booked. No apology just too bad so sad attitude. If I had known that I was paying 300.00 to not sleep all night I would have stayed elsewhere. We were so annoyed we ended up checking out the next morning and skipped spending our anniversary there. Too many other options in Vegas to spend my hard earned cash here.
3	Took the family for the weekend. We had a good time. Good pool.  Wasn't disappointed but not blown away. About what I expected    No specific problems, but nothing memorable.
1	How could a resort go so bad so fast. Soiled linen and poor maid service would normally turn me off. However from August 28 to September 3, 2013 the smell of raw sewerage emanating throughout the elevators, lobby and up to our 8th floor was outright disgusting. Throw in my casino host and hotel manager saying they didn't smell it was the last straw. I am out never coming here again :(
2	The past few times I visited Vegas I stayed at either the Venetian or the Wynn. This last time I decided to try out THEHotel at Mandalay Bay because I wanted the spacious room and I wanted to try somewhere new. I wanted to like the hotel because Mandalay seems like a great hotel with one of the largest pools but I was unimpressed and at some points just down right disappointed.To start off, I got to the hotel early on my check in day so I had decided to try and check in early, around 1 pm, check in is usually at 3 pm. The front desk told me the room wasn't available yet, which I kind of expected, but they told me I can go through the check in process now and that they would call me when the room is available. So I wandered around the hotel, visited the Shark Reef aquarium (small but not too bad), ate some lunch, and checked out the shopping area (also small). 3 pm came and still no call. At 3:30 pm I checked at the front desk again to see if the room was ready but again was told it wasn't and that it would be ready soon. By this time I was tired and just wanted to rest somewhere, preferably the room. The rest of my party wasn't arriving until 5 pm and I hoped to relax in the room before they came. I sat around in the lounge area and waited for another hour and half. I went to the front desk again to check if the room was ready and was finally told it was (2 hours after the actual check in time), for some reason I wasn't called like they said they would.On my way up to the hotel room, the first thing I noticed was that the hall smelled; the best way I can describe the smell is like an old car that has the fabric seats that has been sitting in the sun way too long. When I got into the room it was the same smell, very overwhelming; I had to call room service to bring up some air freshener spray and I opened up all the bottles of lotion hoping to have their scents disperse throughout the room. The size of the room was nice but the room itself felt very old; there were scratches on the bar cabinet, the tables, and the TV stand. I also found gum on the wall. For such a high end hotel, the room was a huge disappointment.The rest of our stay was uneventful, nothing great but nothing horrible either. One restaurant I would definitely recommend is the Border Grill. The food was excellent and the blood orange margarita is amazing. The pool area is definitely big; it was crowded when we went but it was also Labor Day weekend so that was expected.After check out, I found an additional $56 charge on my card that was not on my bill. When I called the hotel to find out what this was, I was told it was an extra housekeeping charge. When I asked specifically what for (because we may have left some towels here and there, and some extra cups and bottles by the bar but nothing too messy), they just told me it took the housekeepers extra time to clean our room. I have never been one to trash the hotel room and I even make sure the trash we do leave behind is all in one area so it's easy for the housekeepers to pick up. With that being said, I was shocked to have this extra charge especially when they can't specifically tell me what was "extra dirty" about the room and also since the room didn't appear that clean to me from the beginning.I was disappointed from the get go and this extra charge was just the icing on the cake. At least I can say that I tried the hotel myself but I will definitely not be staying for a second time.
1	Not impressed...besides the horrible order...two days they skipped cleaning the room...coffee pot in the room but you will pay a fortune for the coffee that is available for your use.  Tried to go to the pool...oh I'm sorry you will have to go long way around, we closed this exit for a convention...try to get a tube to buy...oh I'm sorry...you will have to got to the other end this one is closed...LIKE REALLY...by the time you get to the pool, get a towel, tube and a chair...plan on an hour or more.Called for dining reservations...oh I'm sorry it is closed for a private party...I would never stay here again.
4	When we checked in, it was disappointment after disappointment. And a pretty terrible smell permeates the lobby and hall.We reserved a smoking room two months ago. I called last week to check, and was told it was all good.We are staying for a week and paying alot of money for that.We gave up and checked in to a non smoking room with the hope of being moved the next day. They offered us a $25 credit, which I thought was very cheap.The stay was saved by front desk clerk Steve. He handled the situation in the best way he could. He got us moved yesterday afternoon. He was personal and professional.TheHotel is lucky to have him.This would have been a 2 star review, except for Steve.
2	This hotel smells like a dirty bar that hasn't cleaned their pipes in years! For the amount of money this place makes they can at least make it smell nice. The only thing that saved this place for me was the house of blues and the foundation room.
4	While my stay at the hotel was less than what I had hoped, I am updating my review and giving the 4 stars based on the great customer service I received regarding my complaints. Not only was I contacted for my yelp review, I also received a follow up email for the survey I had filled out. Their problem resolution exceeded my expectations and I am impressed with this company's professionalism.
4	thehotel at mandalay bay did a group of 11 of my friends just fine. I thought the maids were fine and did a great job. We had to call up for towels once and they were prompt. My review is taking into account the pricing and value. We got a pretty good price for some suites thanks to a friend of a friend but the original price quoted was pretty good. The location isn't fantastic if you want to be more central on the strip. The casino was in pretty good shape and the decor was very modern. This places loses one star because (as others here have mentioned) there is a horrible smell in the lobby. It isn't repugnant by any means but is somewhat of an amonia/perfume chemical type smell, that drove me mad within a day of my stay. not a big deal i guess but i noticed.....and others did toooThe dining is fine and the pool area is pretty big. Would def stay here again... (though from walking and checking out the strip, i think the wynn would be my top choice on my next vegas trip)
2	It smelled like toilet in the lobby and the room we got was really small. Their room service food was not good at all. I know that room service is pricey anywhere but if I order a berry shake, please don't give me berry soup. The bathroom was nice but I think all bathrooms in Vegas are nice. It was a place to crash and convenient too since we went to Light and Daylight but I think I'd trade in the convenience for a nicer room.
1	Checked in as a guest of iHeart Radio and the staff at TheHotel aggressively sold us an upgrade to a 2 bedroom suite at the Mandalay. When we arrived at our upgraded suite it was clearly a room they could not have sold otherwise. The room was right over the tram tracks, close to air conditioners and vent fans, and within spitting distance of the parking ramp. The Mandalay staff told us there was nothing they could do and left us staring at at a couple of acres of a rooftop full of air conditioners and listening to traffic, music, and voices from the street. It wouldn't have been so bad if they hadn't SPECIFICALLY told us that the room would be"high up" in the hotel. BTW, do NOT believe the glowing description of the suites at the Mandalay. At this point I would move to a decent Marriott Courtyard in a blink.As I type this I'm listening to an air conditioner fan clanging outside the window and really loud music from somewhere. The room is worn and not that clean either. You've been warned.
1	I booked our stay months prior to our vacation the week prior to labor day Weekend. Disappointment one after another-from getting a smoking room after confirming a non smoking. THE WORST THING: NOT EVERYTHING STAYED IN VEGAS. BUGS-THE TINY ONES THAT INFEST-LICE-...I called immediately when we found them upon our return home. WHAT A TOTAL RUN AROUND, LIP SERVICE AT ITS FINEST FOR SURE Matt M.!  BS reports 'taken' by front desk managers that got lost as I went up the chain of command. Finally, after my 4th call to Risk Management, they concluded since there were no reports prior to or since my stay, they had nothing to do with it. WELL DUH, IF THEY COULDNT FIND MY 2 REPORTS FILED with MANAGERS, why would they find any reports prior or since? I spent $4000 AT THE HOTEL that week, plus RETURNING HOME, another $500 for total de-licing of my home, car, my daughter's hair and mine. TOTALLY UNPHASED WAS THE RISK MANAGER. Thanks so much for nothing...
4	I'll start this by saying that I'm a Vegas neophyte and had very little idea of what to expect. After researching numerous options, I found a deal on hotels.com for the  Mandalay Bay for $90 a night and took it being reassured by my friends that the Mandalay Bay was a "nice" hotel. And I have to say, they're right in a sort of 4 star Cheesecake Factory sort of way. Despite arriving three hours before check in and standing in a long line, the line moved quickly. Also, the receptionist upgraded us to a suite on the 31st floor in The Hotel as soon as she found out it was our honeymoon. The suite was very spacious, clean, with 1 1/2 baths and a wet bar. It's a standard suite, but I would have been blown away of this were a hotel suite back in Boston at three times the price. The Mandalay Bay resort itself is mammoth and while I found the combined smell of cigarette and cigar smoke in the casino unpleasant, it's clear they have a better filtration system than most casinos where the smoke burned my eyes and gave me a headache. Other reviewers complained about the patchouli scent in The Hotel's lobby, but I thought it was a pretty decent buffer to stop the smoke from invading the hotel. Up in our room, it was fine. Overall, extra points for great customer service and being gay friendly.
4	This hotel is awesome.  It's much nicer than the regular hotel at Mandalay Bay.  The rooms are more larger and more spacious.  The beds are more comfortable and the toiletries and amenities are much nicer.  However, you don't have to give up the convenience or location.  The lobby connects right into the heart of the Mandalay Bay casino, so you're right in the thick of things.Of course to get access to all of this it will cost you at least 30-40% more than a room at Mandalay Bay....but it's worth every penny.Return Factor - 90%
2	For our wedding anniversary I had purchased tickets for Micheal Jackson One at Mandalay Bay and decided to also get a room at The Hotel~ we were both very excited about the mini vacation until check-in. Upon arrival which was about 2:40 (a little early)  we were told no rooms were yet available and they would call us. Our itinerary indicated that check-in was 3pm so about 3:15 pm I inquired about our room. A different young lady curtly stated that "although 3 pm is listed as check-in we have until 6 pm to provide a room. It's even posted on our website". Really?  For what is supposed to be a high end hotel I would have expected a more courteous response. This didn't bode well with me and after stating I found that unacceptable she looked and found 2 rooms available. Imagine that.  For us, service & courteous customer relations is imperative. Even if a room wasn't yet available I expect to be treated professionally and not made to feel like I was imposing by inquiring about a room which in my opinion, having stayed at several of the Vegas resorts, was over-priced. Needless to say, we will not be returning to The Hotel. There are more than enough other options in Vegas where we are made to feel that our patronage is appreciated.
4	How did I miss reviewing The Hotel after our Vegas trip?The reasons many people book The  Hotel (the rooftop bar, the connection to Mandalay Bay with its beach and many pools), was not really our reason.  We just wanted a nice hotel, at a good price.  The Hotel surely delivered.First of all, the room was huge.  We had a sitting area, with a TV, huge bedroom with many closets, another TV, and bathroom about the size of the bedroom, also with a TV, separate stalls, and double sinks.  I think the entire suite was larger than a typical Boston or NYC apartment.   If Vegas did not have so many slot machines, we really could have spent a lot of time in the room.  And, it was very clean.  And I love all their spa products.  Mini bar was expensive, and be careful to not use it for your own drinks, they charge you if you do!  We had a misunderstanding about this.. but thankfully a quick phone call and they reversed the charge.The location is at the top of the strip- so it can be a hike to the other casinos.  But, there are plenty of walkways through each of the casinos, and lots of slot machines, to make the journey fun.  The Hotel is directly connected to Mandalay Bay, which has a ton of restaurants, shops, and again, more slot machines.  Definitely stop at House of Blues - great happy hour, and fun atmosphere.The Hotel is also close the airport, so I think also makes for a cheaper cab ride compared to some of the hotels.  Will definitely be on my 'return to' list.
4	Would be five stars if it wasn't attached to the lackluster Mandalay Bay, where the pools close way too early to actually visit and the casino is sad and boring. The hotel rooms at theHotel though - spectacular! I stayed at Mandalay last time and it was subpar. These were all suites, with a half bath in the front room. Awesome for having people over just to hang out without having to be at a loud bar or smelly casino. Lovely decorating, tons of space, comfy bed. I was here four nights and enjoyed it a ton.
5	Yup, this is my go to hotel. Easy close check in, adjacent casino, manly decor, spacious and comfortable accommodations. Easy and great for entertaining. listen up folks, I don't know where you are all staying in Vegas or WHY, but if you are looking for a spot, this by far is the best bang for your buck. Everything about this place is awesome, from the ceiling to floor bar, the secondary bathroom, the huge tub and awesome shower, the stylish entertainment systems. If you aren't staying here, you are missing out.
5	Wonderful property away from the crush of the casino floor.  It's peaceful. Great rooms, accommodating staff, free valet parking and suites. The staff could not have done anything more for us.
4	OK I was REALLY pleased with the room, it was in perfect condition. HUGE and wonderful.  the perfect anchor for our work week in Vegas.  we got a corner suite with panorama view (kinda) from the bedroom.  and loved the stay.In room dining was OK, as expected, but not scrumptious by any means. but then again, when was in-room ever. ;-)Staff was fantastic, accommodating and on-the-ball. and they managed to give me the impression that they cared.. honestly, that is great for a hotel.Bottom line, I would recommend "the hotel" to a friend, and I will most definitely stay here again.
4	Customer Service - Excellent, super friendly and accommodating.Bed - Not that comfortable.  Very stiff.  So if you have a bad back this is your place.Views - Not too spectacular but I was only on the 23rd floor.Rooms - Very, very nice and spacious!Food - Just ok.  I had the chicken pasta with vodka sauce and peach cobbler.  I didn't really like either of them.The entire hotel had a "spa" feel to me.  Too bad I didn't have time to go.  Next time.
4	A Las Vegas hotel that actually feels like a hotel and not a casino. This is what makes The Hotel a great place to stay.Look, I'm not a Vegas fan. I don't care for the nonstop nature of the Strip and I'm not a fan of cigarette smoke. I do, however, come to Las Vegas a few times per year.On this trip we stayed at The Hotel. The rooms are all suites. That is a big bonus in-and-off itself. The location, the last big hotel on the strip as you head toward the airport, is another big plus. Finally, the place feels like a hotel and not a big gambling casino. You can actually stay in The Hotel and not walk into the casino that adjoins Mandalay Bay, The Four Seasons, and the rest of the MGM Resort complex. This is a nice perk for a family staying in Vegas and on the Strip. Avoiding the casinos means that you can avoid all of the cigarette smoke and the loud noises of the gaming area.We had a really pleasant room (ask to be put in a room away from the elevators, there is a fair bit of ambient noise) and a wonderful room service staff. In fact, everyone working at the hotel was very nice. I rate The Hotel as a wonderful family friendly hotel for those seeking the Vegas experience without all (there is still a bit) of the overwhelm.
2	Came here with the family and I would probably never do it again. I'm typing up this email as I'm here in the room with my two kids (5 and 2) for our second night here.It's pretty disappointing because we chose thehotel because it seemed family friendly on paper and we booked it through American express' fine hotel and resort program. We are in a v suite in room 12-816. Everything is 4-5 stars until you try to put the kids to bed. The problem is that the bass and music from the club resonates through the entire room. It does not stop until about 3:30am. If you are planning on staying out all night, then it doesn't matter. My kids basically "partied" in our room until the clubbers ended their night since they couldn't sleep. I called this morning around 9:30am to get a room change and was told that I would be able to change rooms by 11am to 12pm and that they would call my cell phone to let us know. 7pm rolled around and still no call. When I went to the front desk, they told me they couldn't accommodate my request because they didn't have any rooms. So I politely told the lady who was helping me that her explanation made no sense. Basically, she is implying that there was no room turnover throughout the day. Even if that was true, there was no courtesy call. Her supervisor was nice enough to comp the night after I expressed dissatisfaction. However, now I'm back in my room listening to thumping bass again. I'm tempted to pay thehotel staff some money so I can deprive them of sleep. Anyhow, I'm not giving thehotel 1 star becAuse they at least tried to buy my satisfaction. I told Reid that I would rather pay more to get some good sleep. Unfortunately, they didn't have any rooms and offered to change us to Mandalay Bay. We didn't want to go through the hassle, but I'm regretting it since the party is raging again. Think twice before you come here with young kids!!
4	I stayed here for my 30th birthday and really enjoyed it and felt it was worth the high price tag (we came during EDC weekend....)When we arrived everything was exactly like it described on the website. modern furnishings and very clean. I really liked the decor.Two big queen beds, which were comfortable. Couch and chairs enough to host my friends and party in our hotel room before we went out to the clubs.The wet bar was great to have, and loved that the bedroom had a place to plug your ipod in so you could listen to music.Loved that it was close to the pool and Lights, as well as House Of blues, which we went to. It is a bit off the strip, but for my purposes it worked perfectly because everything I wanted to do on that trip was in Mandalay Bay. We did take the tram over to Hooters, and did a bit of walking to get around to some other places, but it wasn't that bad :)Also, non-smoking! Which made me SO HAPPY! Some stupid group of guys tried to bring a cigar into the elevator when I was in it, and the staff stopped them and told them it wasn't allowed, and I really appreciated that gesture as I hate smoke!Would definitely stay again.
5	We go to Vegas between 4 and 5 times a yr. We have never stayed at The Hotel but have visited Mandalay frequently to dine or to gamble. Usually we stay center strip, I have always thought about staying at The Hotel but its so far south on the Strip its sort of out of the way. But after tons of offers to stay we couldn't pass it up.I'm so happy we decided to stay there, maybe its because center strip has become stale to me, I enjoyed myself more this trip than I have in a long time. The rooms are great. Very roomy and had a wonderful view of the strip. Everything is modern and updated and housekeeping does a great job. Room service was only decent but the wet bar in the room was top notch. Mandalay Bay is so big and so much to it, you really don't need to leave. All the restaurants, shopping, clubs, bars, shows, etc. you can want. Plus they have a wonderful spa. Still not as good as the one in Aria but good nevertheless. We are going back to Vegas for Xmas and will be staying at The Hotel again.
4	The positives of staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, is that it is a real semi-luxury hotel.  Not just the place connected to a large casino.  You can get in and out without being forced to endure the noise and cigarette smoke most casino hotels make you deal with. Yet dining and club options are right there.We did not spend much time in the room, but the suite was large.  Separate bedroom.  One and one half baths. Nice couch in the living room.  Awesome to watch TV as I showered.  Great shower.Service was perfect.
4	OK, have now had the pleasure staying at this hotel two times. Pros:All SuitesSeparate reservation counter from the Mandalay Bay (not as crowded)You don't even have to walk through or into the casino if you choose not too.Comfortable bedsBig, spacious shower and tubTwo bathroomsCons:The rooms are nice and well appointed could use some updating howeverOverall I like this place and will be back for sure.
5	I love this hotel. After spending years of LV stays at the Venetian, we decided to step out of the box and check out other hotels. This was my second stay at a new hotel and I was pleasantly surprised. The suite size was just right and the bath tub was the best I've had. Seriously. It was a struggle to get me out of that bath. Customer service was great, which isn't saying a whole lot since we didn't have any problems or issues during our stay. The only time we talked to anyone was during checkin/checkout, so I'll have to test the service further before I give a definitive answer. I also love the quiet entry. No crazy lines to get to your room. We brought our young daughter along this time and it made us really appreciate the lobby...no heavy smoke or noisy machines to walk through just to get to your room. And the decor is spot on. Love love love. A couple of things... the only flatscreen tv was in the bathroom. I pretty much expect every tv to be a flatscreen in LV. And it really doesn't make any sense seeing as the rooms are beautifully decorated and very modern. So that one kind of left me scratching my head. Also, I've heard/read a lot of comments about the reservation system. Apparently it's first come/first serve, so you're not guaranteed a room, even if you've paid for it and have received a confirmation. Another thing that doesn't make any sense to me. These were the only qualms I had; I will definitely be staying here again.
1	Weak.  We have stayed here twice this year, and both were very disappointing.  Starting to show significant signs of wear and deferred maintenance.  And I am not sure what you get for the $25 daily resort fee that is not included in the room rate.  After our last stay, we would not have come back except my wife wanted to go to the MJ One show.   . . . so we thought we would give it a try.  Pretty much nothing has changed from our prior stay that turned us off.  Good restaurants, but the spa is very disappointing.  For the price, there are so many better options farther North that are more convenient to the rest of the strip.
5	This is always the place to stay in Vegas. The rooms are large and have all the amenities. The penthouse suites are a perfect upgrade for special occasions with nice meeting rooms and a sound system to fill the big square footage. Most of all, unlike other hurried front desks, there is awesome personal customer service, thank you Keoki!
1	I will never stay here again!! Hire some housekeepers that can clean. Our suite is dirty & dusty.
4	Yes, Mandalay Bay is kind of off on it's own geographically speaking, but I loved staying here at The Hotel.   We had a very nice suite for the weekend and both thought it was great.   Down points are that much of the furniture and decor appeared to be dinged up and in need of some TLC.   Other than that, the staff is beyond helpful and all of the options in terms of restaurants, bars, and the casino are great.
4	This place is beautiful. It's refreshing compared to the smoky chaos of most hotels on the strip. No long lines to check in either. The rooms were beautiful with comfortable beds and pillows and the bath was huge. Very peaceful and classy. Loved it.
5	No complaints, very chic upscale boutique hotel! Pet-friendly too if you choose to bring your pet. Away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and smokey casino. We stayed in a standard suite that was like a mini apartment: 1/2 bath in the entry, wet bar, separate living room, separate bedroom with full bath with tub and separate shower. Conveniently located by the MJ One Theater and elevator to Mix lounge. Great customer service and ammenities. Down side is The Hotel has limited dining options, you have to go to Mandalay Bay for buffet dining (which is terrible by the way, don't eat there- if your offered free buffet, read the fine print, usually only free for breakfast or lunch, if you use it for brunch or dinner you may have to pay a difference) or Mandalay Bay's shopping and dining area. Will definitely stay here again though because the room was impressive.
1	After having a bad experience at Mandalay Bay, I decided to go to theHotel to give it a try. I am currently staying 5 nights, and the positive aspects are the spacious rooms. The rooms are fairly dusty, but it is manageable. However, the service at this hotel is horrible. I have stayed in this hotel for four days and the ice machine has been broken, and when I called guest services, they said they would have it fixed right away. They did not fix the machine, and brought a bucket of ice to my room after 2 hours. I can't even have a cold drink at my convenience in a 5 star hotel. Today, I called for a bucket of ice again due to the broken ice machine, and the guest service representative said I have to pay for the bucket of ice. So, I have to pay for a bucket of ice, because the machine doesn't work, what kind of service is this? I asked for tissues for the restroom, and it has been 2 hours and it has not yet been delivered. I cannot even conveniently use the restroom. The guest service representative had very bad attitude when I asked for a bucket of ice and tissues, and when I told him that I had ice delivered to my room the previous day for no charge, he questioned me as if I were lying. If you want to stay at a hotel with bad service, this is the hotel for you.
2	Recently stayed at this establishment and I must say it was an unpleasant one. The distance to most attractions is definitely a hike but if you value the peace and quiet then this might be the one for you. The rooms and the hotel itself were top notch but aside from that nothing really justifies the price for this hotel and here are 2 reasons why:1. Upon checking in the person at the front desk knew nothing about courtesy or customer service. She was down right rude and frankly it if I wasn't late checking in then it would of warranted me talking to the manager.  Yes, she was THAT offensively charming.2. Plumbing seems to be an issue here at the hotel. Ironically the cold water setting didn't seem to work cause after a few seconds of warm water came the blistering heat that burnt my flesh. It was an unexpected turn of events as I stood there soapy and naked and had no choice but to jump out of the shower.  I then tried the hot tub thinking maybe I could rinse my half clean body but to no avail. This ordeal left me red and in pain. Long story short, treat this hotel like you would a mediocre landmark by taking a quick look and move on to better things.Thanks, theHotel. I never knew I had cat like reflexes until I was almost cooked alive.
5	5 stars off the bat for Travis Proctor. He resolved our reservation situation in a jiffy. Our room was fabulous, the stay was great, and we felt like we were truly guests and not just a room number or paying customer. Thanks for smoothing everything out and finding a solution, Travis! (I SHOULD mention the woman who originally "helped" us by making us call our travel agent, punched out and went home, without telling anyone what was going on!) Fabulous housekeeping service, sweet lady at the coffee shop replaced my 3 year old's muffin when I dropped it, and a gorgeous property are all part of my accolades.Caveat: Shark Reef is REALLY hot, humid, and crowded...plus it's pretty small...
3	I booked a 4-night stay in TheHotel the Su-Th on the week of Thanksgiving, and I have some mixed feelings about my stay. I booked through the Amex FHR program, so along with my stay, came some benefits that I received. Upon arriving at TheHotel at around 2:30pm, the line for check in wasn't bad. Under the FHR program, I get a one category upgrade (if available) complimentary upon arrival, and when checking in, the clerk at the front desk told me that the upgrade was available, but I would have to wait an unknown amount of time, or I could just accept the current room (TheSuite) and call guest services in about 2 hours and I would be able to get my upgrade. Since I had a sleepy toddler with me, I opted for getting a room right away and getting my upgrade 2 hours later. We made our way to the 6th floor, and opened our door to the room. I put my daughter down for a nap, and went to use the bathroom. Bad idea. I was immediately grossed out by hair in the tub. For a supposed 5-star hotel, this is just unacceptable. Furthermore, we called guest services and let them know what we were told about our upgrade, and were told that the upgrade was only available upon check-in. Feeling like we got ripped off, we waited for our kid to wake up and then went down to the front desk to alert them of our nasty bathroom situation, as well as the denial of our upgrade that was promised to us. The lady at the counter took care of us and we got an upgraded room (V Suite) on the 11th floor, a slightly better view... As mentioned before, the FHR program had some benefits, and one of them at this hotel was an $80/night free breakfast at TheCafe or TheCofeeBar. We were disappointed that TheCafe was closed for our entire stay (something I wished was explained to me at check-in), so I went back to the front desk and asked them what options were available to me. I was pleased to find out that I would be able to use the credit on room service, as well as at Raffles Cafe. Throughout our stay, we used it mostly on room service and at TheCoffeeBar, and once at Raffles (Raffles was awful). The credit took care of all charges except gratuity (awesome! Thanks, Amex!). The room itself seemed a bit dated, and this is understandable, since the Delano is about to move in; no real need for TheHotel to engage in expensive renovations. I liked that we had a 1.5 bath room, with a separate living area. It was convenient when I woke up early, that I could lounge in the second room without disturbing my wife and kid, and that I had somewhere to eat and put the room service trays, without taking up bedroom space. The bathroom was nice (his and hers sinks), and the tub (we got a clean one this time) was really deep and felt luxurious. To note, when walking into TheHotel from Mandalay Bay (a short walk), it's like you're entering a different world. There are fresh flowers that are replaced daily, and the staff are fairly nice (especially housekeeping and room service). My wife opted to go to the spa at Mandalay Bay instead of using the one at TheHotel, so nothing on that in this review, except that spa services at this resort are pricey. There was a resort fee, and it covered wireless internet, a cardio room (we didn't use it because it was at Mandalay Bay), free newspaper (nobody explained to us how to get our newspaper, and we only got it one day when room service brought it over. If it's really a benefit that we're paying for, then why not make it accessible to us, or drop it off outside our doors? Seems like a scam.) But, for the price I paid for the 3-night stay, plus the benefits, I'm not going to complain too much. The parking situation is pretty neat. The self-park area is right outside the hotel doors, so it was easy to get from the parking garage to our rooms. Also pretty convenient to us that it was in the same resort as The Four Seasons, because they didn't have a parking garage (pricey valet parking only there), so we just left our car at the parking garage when we checked into The Four Seasons on Thanksgiving Day. Check out was fairly simple. I did get a credit card charge of $6.50 afterward, which I am still confused about... Barring the nasty bathroom, issues getting my room upgrade, and unexplained credit card charge, I would say that this hotel stay was a good experience. This is nothing compared to The Four Seasons, but the pricing also reflects this discrepancy. It seems like there is some division in the 5-star hotel ranks, and I'm somewhat surprised that TheHotel is considered 5-star... All that being said, I am booked for another stay in February, and hopefully it will be better.
4	Very nice hotel! Would easily stay here again.Only bad part is that to get to the pool area you have to walk a mile, with kids this gets to be a pain. Other than that, no complaints!
5	Stayed here with a group in a standard suite -- AWESOME.We're a group of climbers so we stayed here and drove 20 minutes out to Red Rocks to climb during the day. Everyone that worked for this place (yes, even Valet) was very friendly, helpful and patient. The decor was beautiful and modern. The place is really clean and completely luxurious, no doubt. The aquarium was pretty cool. The line can get pretty long waiting to get in, so get the tickets and get there early.We originally booked for a suite with 2 queen beds, but since those were really popular, they gave us a king bed with a roll away bed WITHOUT CHARGE :) :) :) It worked out for our group. Everything was so clean, suite was a great size (about a little more than 700 sq. ft), nice view of Luxor and part of the strip, and good location to the casino (if you are there to gamble) downstairs with shops and restaurants. In our standard suite, we had 1.5 bathrooms, the full bathroom being very spacious with double sinks, a bath, closed off shower, and separated toilet area. Free valet. Pet friendly. Express Checkout is available. If you choose to do self-park, be mindful of the clearance for your vehicle. We drove a 2013 Honda Pilot with a Sky Box on top and the Sky Box was scraping most of the clearance bars. We stayed Dec. 26 to Dec. 31st for $1333.48. In my opinion, this place is a whole lot better than the other hotels if you're looking for a once-in-a-lifetime chance to stay at a luxurious hotel. The standard suite size accommodates a group unlike other hotels that seemed smaller (looked at the sq. ft, haha).
3	So I got to stay here finnally on the 2nd attempt.As prev reviewer, I was also tossed around to a MandalayBay "regular" room a couple month ago and I booked here again if there any change.This time, they have a room for me,whew.Well it is a plush nice room with a separate living and bedroom area.  I likeed about a spacious bedroom size, two toilette rooms, separate shower and a hugh bath tub, double sink, marble floor,..... what a luxury hotel room should have.Minor cons,Yup the hot water can be dangerously hot, so be careful.The wall is somewhat thin that I could here my neighbors conversation in the morning.The valet service is quick and very professional.
4	So, this is a little gem in Vegas. All of the rooms are suites and the prices are exceptional! I think both times I've stayed our lovely suite was ~$130/night. Very clean, quiet and away from the noisy crowd of Vegas - which is a +/- depending on how you look at it. The one little downside in my opinion: both times I've stayed, we arrived early (Early, like 8:30am early! But, coming from Austin you only have two options: early or late. SO, we get there early and enjoy a full day. So, when checking into a hotel, we always check to see if there's an available room. We have never been treated badly or turned away if there was a room - - at OTHER hotels.) BTW, my husband and I do Vegas 2-3 times a year...The front desk at THE hotel doesn't like it when you arrive early and they let you know. While I will not mention the names, I would hope that the front desk would understand that should a room be open, you should treat and speak to your guests with kindness if you want them to return. Not patronize them reminding them of check in times. Uh, we know the game, thanks. that's all. :)
5	No walking through a casino to get to the elevators. All the amenities are so close at Mandalay Bay but the atmosphere is much more sophisticated. The very best service.
5	There are very few companies that actually care about their customers and this is one of them. Tosha Tanner reached out to me shortly after this review and told me that the complaints were addressed and made sure that it didn't happen again to other guests. Never have I had anyone care so much to go to extra lengths to set things right, specially not a company large. Customer service really go a long way and this proves it. Thank you, Tosha.
5	Amazing hotel rooms, friendly people/workers, AND close to the airport! Sorry for this long review but I'm sure it'll help you out....hopefully.This wasn't my first choice hotel because it's at the start of the strip but you know what? I'm glad I went with this choice! The girl that helped check us in was new and she was very nice and the manager was friendly too! They gladly changed my room to two queens instead of a king for free. Now they charged a resort fee but I could care less about that. The room was clean and the TV in the bedroom was eh when it comes to modern (the classic fat one) and the one in the restroom and living room were the flat ones but hey, I'm in Vegas and didn't watch much tv. The only time I did was when my friends were getting ready (girls not knowing what to wear). They dont have a mini fridge to use for free they will charge you if you touch/use the items at the mini bar (a usual no brainer). However, there's a in room safe which is always a good thing when keeping large amounts of cash. The restroom was nice and the tub and shower were super relaxing. The tub has hotter water than the shower but who wants to be in scorching hot water any way. There were two toilets in the entire suite, both in different rooms which was convinent when the girls were taking forever getting dressed.Housekeeping did an AMAZING job at organizing and cleaning the room, they are on call so if you are sleeping in until noon and want your room cleaned, just press the button before you leave and they'll come right up for free.The lobby of Thehotel was very calm, music was nice and the Mix Lounge was perfect for those who want a great view from a bar with happy hour and NOT having the loud DJs and large crowded crowds (but I still went to those too haha).The are no casinos at Thehotel but they are in Mandalay Bay technically but thats a VERY short walk.When the sign says "food court," dont expect any McDonalds, these food places are sit down restaurants NOT fast food so there's some sort of elegance. The swimming pools were nice to look at but since we went in January, they were closed. The thing that was sort of an inconvenience was that they charged by the minute at the computers downstairs and printing up tickets, so my advice to avoid this is to make sure you print all the papers and tickets to shows or clubs at homeWould I go stay here again? Yes! The only problem I had was that it was SO far away from the "happening" part of the strip which is probably why this entire hotel and Mandalay Bay was SO clean. But there's always the free tram to go to Excalibur and the public transportation ($8 for a 24 hour pass).
5	I loveeeee this hotel. I stay here 2-4 times a year when I come to Vegas. That's for my players card I usually stay for free and it's awesome. The staff is soooo friendly and the rooms are nice and super clean. I would recommend this hotel to anybody. Also if you want AWESOME Italian food then you better go to Wolfgang pucks lupo it's amazing and worth the money to eat there.
5	I love this hotel! Got upgraded to a suit and it was only 70$ for a Saturday night. Pretty cheap and a lot of space. This hotel is super nice and the fact light is here make sit that much better
4	A little different from your usual Casino hotel - There is no Casino.This is an extension of the Mandalay Bay and is a lot calmer and reserved than the usual high passed atmospheres of other Las Vegas Hotels.The beauty of this place is the private exclusive entrance that gives taxis a quick and easy drop off to the lobby which is steps away from the lifts to your room.A HUGE bonus is the room design. They have a separate living from from the bedrooms and two restrooms. The decor looks lovely but tarnished up close. A negative is the distance from the the strip it self - could be a positive depending on who you are!
5	Last year, my husband (then boyfriend) stayed at the Mandalay Bay for our anniversary and loved it. So this year, we thought we'd return as husband and wife to stay at The Hotel, which was equally as awesome! For this trip, we were celebrating my sister-in-law's 30th birthday which meant we spent more time out on the strip than in our respective hotels. That being said, the amentities at The Hotel are great! All of the staff we encountered were very friendly. But we definitely enjoyed our room! We were in the V Suite which was huge! The living room was the perfect size to host our friends for the play-off games since all of the Sports Books were so packed. I'd love to come back during the summer to hang out at the pool.
5	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 52/100Stayed in this hotel with my bf for the first time a few weeks ago and absolutely LOVED IT!I had never heard of THEhotel at Mandalay Bay before. Apparently it's the nicer of the two towers at Mandalay Bay, and consists entirely of suite-style hotel rooms. My bf had booked our stay about four months in advance through Expedia, and he only paid around $110 per night for a HUGE suite for the two of us! It was amazing and you definitely get a bang for your buck!Parking is free, as with most if not all of the hotels in Vegas. The parking garage is HUGE and has stairs, escalators, and elevators. There's also valet parking and a taxi drop off/pick up area.Check-in was quick and easy. Lines weren't long and it took us around 5 minutes.Decor/ambience is really great in this hotel. It doesn't really have a theme like a lot of the other hotels on the strip. It's just modern, classy, and trendy. I really liked it!Elevators were kinda confusing since depending on what floor you're on, you have a certain set of elevators you have to take. However, the elevators are AWESOME and INCREDIBLY fast! We stayed on the 20th floor and it only took a few seconds to get from our room down to the lobby and back!Our suite was AMAZING. There was a living room area that had a couch, desk, chairs, coffee table, and a huge television! There was also a guest bathroom located right by the door if you have people over. It's a 1/2 bath so just a sink and toilet, but still really awesome! There's also a mini-bar area, but make sure you don't touch any of the items there because they are monitored with a weight system, and you are automatically charged for anything you pick up. The bedroom area of our room was really nice. We had an incredible king sized bed with a HUGE wall unit that had a TV in the middle, and his and hers closets on either side of it. The closets even had lights inside to see your clothes, and robes, slippers, hangers, etc.!Our main bathroom was HUGE! It came with two sinks, toilet, a big shower, and a ginormous bathtub that could fit like 3 people in it. My college dorm room was honestly smaller than this bathroom...it was crazy!The Cirque du Soleil Michael Jackson show plays at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. We didn't watch it, but we plan on watching it during one of our future visits! The MIX Lounge at the top of the hotel is supposed to be da bomb. We didn't end up going up there but we saw a ton of people waiting in line to go up.The ONLY things I didn't love about THEhotel were:1) LACK OF WIFI IN ROOMS. I think they only had ethernet but that is useless when you only have your smart phone and iPad with you.2) NO REFRIGERATOR IN SUITE. The bf tried to create a makeshift refrigerator with our ice bucket. Didn't really work...3) LOCATION. That it's on the far south end of the strip. Like literally the last hotel. Fortunately we drove to Vegas so we used our car to drive further up the strip, but if you don't have a car I can imagine it being a huge issue. It's quite a long walk from THEhotel towards the middle/north end of the strip.I would definitely stay at THEhotel again and highly recommend it! 5 stars!
5	was just there for 3 nights and couldnt get better service..every single request was done with the greatest pleasure ..starting from Parking,Bell Boy,Room Service,Dining,and Front desk...every one was so accomidating and friendly staff..Will for sure stay there again....
4	This place is solid.  Modern and clean.  Here is a good tip for everybody... I booked the place off priceline for Mandalay Bay (cheapest room available)  Then I went to check-in and when I spoke with the front desk guy, I sandwiched a $20 between my credit card and ID and asked for a FREE upgrade.  He moved me to 750 sf suite at The Hotel.  I checked the prices and I saved a little, but the room itself was gigantic.  I would suggest tipping more for longer stays and for a bigger room.  Just book the cheapest and grease the guy.  Obviously its a gamble, I was lucky to get it for one night on Friday night of superbowl weekend.  Now, I utilize this tactic whenever I am going to take my date or girlfriend out.  I book the cheapest room and grease the guy a little more so that I can get a better room for the buck.Obviously, if your a big gambler get the room comped, but otherwise, do this.What else is to say about The Hotel?  Its an awesome place.  Clean, modern and I like how its a great alternative to Palazzo, Cosmo, Aria, and Vdara... but easier to get a room since those casinos steal most of the spotlight.Also checkout Strip Steak.  Awesome place for steaks, though I heard STK at the Cosmopolitan is even better.
5	Great hotel! Called to make reservations and the lady checked 4 different times for special promotions to get me the best deal. She then asked if I was a M life member and since I was transferred me to VIP services. They were able to get the best deal at $460 for 2 nights on Valentines day weekend. NOT a bad deal for a 1 bedroom 1 1/2 bath suit. Happy with the first call to make my reservation, from there on it was even better. We arrived Valet was quick to direct us forward although they looked slammed. We went straight to the lobby and checked in within 10-15 minutes. Pretty quick for a Vegas hotel. Other reviews I read suggested asking for an upgrade. I did and they had 1 upgrade for our first night available. Since I didn't want to change rooms in the middle of our stay, I stuck with our regular suite. Lobby was beautiful, smelled good when you walked in and had a nice little lounge for my friends to hang at. We went up to our room on the 13th floor. I know crazy since most Vegas hotels don't have a 13 floor. It was beautiful the room was very clean, new and perfect for our stay! We had 2 queens and the room was very spacious. The living room also was very spacious! We were happy with the room all together. We had 1 full bathroom with a closed off door for the toilet, a large sink area for all my makeup ;) a bath that had a fountain like spout vs the typical spout on a bath and a stand up shower. Even included a scale which I stayed away from alllll weekend long!So all was well and it was linked to Mandalay Bay which had the casino and amazing restaurants to enjoy! Also, there was the tram over to Excalibur so even though it was a little far on the strip there way a quick, easy, free way to where you wanted to go!
4	First time guest at TheHotel. I was very impressed by the cleanliness and value I received as an M-Life member. I usually stay at Aria which I love but I can't say there was anything I disliked about the Mandalay Bay/TheHotel combo. The only recommendations I have; please update the televisions in the rooms they are very old. Also the shower head in my room had terrible pressure. Other than that 0 complaints.
4	There are enough reviews here to get the idea that this is a pretty sweet spot.  I'll only give a minor tip for any coffee drinkers out there.  Don't expect the free in-room coffee maker in the morning.  There is a Keurig machine, however coffee 'kits' are available for $4 each.  [I was staying in a suite].  If you absolutely must have your morning coffees, save yourself money and just pack a few of your own k-cups.
3	I stayed in a suite for the vet show and out of all the vegas hotels I've stayed at, this one was ok. Nothing special. Bed was comfortable but for a suite, it was just average.
1	TheHotel should be more appropriately named TheWorstHotel...truly. I travel to Vegas frequently and Mandalay Bay is one of my go-to hotels--that is, until now. I'm currently here for the UFC Fight Night and I booked my room months ago. I booked two nights at the Mandalay Bay through a promotion for their Great Suite Room, and I was pumped. Upon arrival however, the front desk notified me that the suite was no longer available and that I would actually be enjoying a room in TheHotel tower. Now, I understand occupancy and that sometimes room availability can change....but to move me to a completely different hotel?Anyway, we trekked across Mandalay and finally got to our room on the 3rd floor--and were appalled. First off, it is the smallest room I have ever seen in Vegas, and WAY smaller than even the standard rooms in the Mandalay tower. The view is awful (see photo). There is zero soundproofing. The TV is a boob tube, seriously. And the room is downright filthy. Stains everywhere, bugs, etc. I called the front desk and they offered no assistance, saying there was nothing they could do. I toughed it out last night, and woke up this morning to call again--but I was put on hold for 20 minutes and they never picked up. Unreal.(Update on 2/24) The story gets better though. The woman at the front desk at check-out asked how my stay was, and I told her the truth. She didn't seem to care in the least, and simply responded by saying, "Hopefully your experience will be better next time". HA! There won't be a next time. And then she massively overcharged me - nearly doubling the amount that I actually owed. Completely unacceptable. This is not at all the experience I was hoping for. I will not be staying at Mandalay ever again. Horrible customer service and horrible hotel!
5	What an amazing stay! The suite was gorgeous and as clean as I have ever seen. The staff were extremely friendly, efficient, and accommodating.  We even had our maid notice that we had some leftover food, so without being asked, she had a fridge brought in for us.  The bed was extremely comfy, as was the most luscious  robe and slippers on the planet. The only problem with this hotel was that I eventually had to leave. From valet, to front desk, to  bell personnel, to maids, and everything in between, the service was beyond compare. Cant wait to go back!
5	Great night with great friends!! Thank you so much to the mix crew for making last night awesome!! Thank u Eric, Justin and Olivier for your great hospitality! Mix at Mandalay bay/THEHotel really knows how to treat their guests like VIPs!! Can't wait to go back again!!
5	My husband and I got married at Mandalay bay hotel and have loved coming to The hotel ever since. We first stayed in the largest suite, where we hosted a very fun reception for fifty people. We were treated very well and have had many similar experiences every time we've come back. I like the contemporary design, very classy and I have become obsessed with finding a scent that smells as good as their hallways! There are only suites at The Hotel, all are very spacious and comfortable with out the cold vibe of some newer hotels . The service is great and everyone is very nice and helpful! We are often surprised  by the deals that we get on rooms here. Last time, we got a night stay for $100 + including the resort fee! I definitely recommend staying here while you can before Delona takes over The Hotel.
2	This could've gotten 4 stars for the cleanliness of the hotel, the convenience of having Mandalay Bay right next door, as well as the shops available nearby, but because of the service I received, two stars will be taken away. Booked 2 queen suites here for President's day weekend and when we arrived to check in, they told us the rooms were not available but we could get a much "better" deal at Mandalay Bay (2 deluxe queen rooms) and $200 credit back to use for food/beverages. I was thinking, hm, I guess that'd be okay since it's supposed to be just a tad smaller (or so the guy told us) and was immediately available. We asked for two non-smoking queen rooms then and when we got to Mandalay, dear lord it stunk of smoke. I was pretty furious at that point because 1. How come other people were able to check into their rooms immediately and were not given this "offer" and persuaded to take it2. This is clearly not "just a tad" smaller, it was a whole living room and bathroom smaller.3. It smells like smoke which I super duper hate in hotel rooms that are non-smokingSo, I called them back and said, no I don't want this crap I want the rooms I booked at theHotel. And guess what? They immediately found two queen suites available. Wow. Talk about shady customer service.Yes I know you guys are stereotyping because I'm a small Asian college girl who looks like I'm trying to save money and would just overlook your terrible service - but you are very very mistaken.Anyway, after that experience, would I choose theHotel again? Only as a last resort.
5	What can I say I'm a huge fan of MGM properties and well Mandalay bay is amazing. The hotel on the other hand is a bit more luxurious and spacious. With it's classy feel you don't forget your in Las Vegas with an amazing lounge called the mix lounge you don't have to go far to have a good time! They also have there recently opened light night club which is nice space with amazing performers.  One note they do need more djs like there family hotel MGM at hakkasan.
4	We booked a room at the Mandalay Bay via expedia. Be careful, the 25$ hotel fee for the wifi and cardio room is not included and you have to take it.  No big deal for me, since I wanted the wifi anyway. While checking in, the lady at the desk asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a suite for an extra 30$ a night, which we agreed to (why not!). If you are not a big party goer, you might be annoyed by the fact that the night club is at the top of the hotel. There is a lot of circulation at night in the elevators because of that and if your room is on the same side as the club's balcony (like ours was), don't expect to go to sleep before 3am... But why would you anyway, you're in Vegas!The room was nice and clean, the bed was soft but comfy and all of the staff (desk, concierge, the store) were great. Plus, the fact that it is at the very end of the strip makes it a little bit more quiet (minus the club), but you will walk a lot!
5	Had THEsuite with two queens for a two night stay for my friends bday and everything was perfect. The location of the hotel is at the south end of the strip allowing an awesome view of the entire downtown Vegas if your facing north. It's connected to the Mandalay Bay so you can enjoy the clubs and amenities of the entire resort. Our room was on the 33rd floor with an incredible view. The rooms are awesome with a huge bathroom with large soaking tub separate from the shower, his/her sinks, separate toilet room, and wall mounted tv. The bedroom has his/her closets, floor to ceiling windows, and plenty of storage for all your clothes. The separate living room has a nice large sofa, chair, desk, wet bar, floor to ceiling window, large LCD TV, and a separate half bathroom. Everything was awesome at this hotel. All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The lobby smelled so good too! Lol!
3	The room is clean, but the place is beat up.  The toilet paper holder is falling off the wall, the bed linens are torn, walls/furniture are beat up and the TVs are old with a non-HD picture.  Not the best room I have stayed in here.
5	Nicolas is the best bellhop! I will write more when I'm not half asleep.  Everything went really well, after our last experience which wasn't as good. But everything was great, the staff, the help, the room amazing.  Beautiful view, and suite. Love this place!
1	I was hoping to have a good splendid stay here but instead I received the opposite. First upon arrival there was a strong odor of marijuana. I called the front desk and asked for them to take care of it and hopefully offer to switch rooms. They didn't do they. They offered to have someone come up to febreeZe it and that was never done. Also we left to enjoy Vegas and when we came back the house keeping didn't change the towels and took a dump in our toilet. And how do I know they took a dump?  Poo stain on the seat was visible. I was grossed out and vowed to not ever book at this pseudo 5 star hotel.
2	I'll admit, this is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at while in Vegas.  While walking from self-parking through the casino area to the reception desk (I took the long way), I noticed the air didn't reek of smoke.  Everything was aesthetically pleasing to the eye.  I don't know if it matters but I booked a room at THEhotel through Priceline.  Obviously I wasn't expecting a top-floor suite, however, I don't like being treated like riff raff.  The guy at the desk was friendly enough but as I was checking in for my 4-night stay (I came on a Thursday around 5pm) I was informed that my request for a king bed room couldn't be fulfilled and that I'd be getting a double queen.  I thought it was ridiculous for him to ask "Is that ok?"  No, it's not, but what choice do I have other than to go elsewhere?  I totally wanted to go to Vegas to sleep in separate beds from my lover (sarcasm intended).  While this was happening, I overhear the couple next to me checking in being told the same thing.  They didn't complain either BUT their guest service rep offered to move them to a king bed room the next day, if one became available...where was my offer for such?  So I take my keys and go check out the room while I sadly explain to my other half that we would be sleeping separately.  The room was nicely decorated and mostly clean (except for the mold growing in the top corners of the shower, yuck) and the beds were comfortable.  I'm not sure if I had any neighbors because I didn't hear anything through the walls.  That's all that saved this from a one-star review.The icing to this cake was opening the curtains to find a wall and an ugly roof for my view.  Thanks for giving me an expensive place to sleep separate from my S.O. with nothing nice to look at.  It's nice but I wouldn't come back here again.  For a few bucks less, I'd go back to the Monte Carlo for the sub par room but better treatment and views (which I also booked through Priceline two years ago).
4	Great rooms, We had a living room and a bedroom with one and a half baths and even a TV in the master bath, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay for my boyfriends birthday.  A bit far to walk down the strip but the Mandalay Bay and the adjoining hotels have plenty to do.
2	The Average Hotel !!!. $25/day as resort fee (not included while booking). After I checked out, saw an extra charge of $150 on my credit card statement. Had to call their customer service number & waited about 30mins to get someone on, they did some verification & told me that it was an error !!! really ? Anyway, they returned that charge back to my card. Average room in Strip hotel, noise level is very high, you can hear neighbors & people in the corridor (not sure if this problem was only on 27th floor). If you find it really cheap comparing to other strip hotels, go for it. If not, there are many better ones.
1	Worst hotel. TV in my room is from the 90's and makes a radiating noise. They call this room a suite....
4	After all these years, I still have a soft spot in my heart for The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. I am going to miss it very much, but I am also excited for what it is going to transform into.... The Delano.  I went to The Delano when I was in Miami and it was absolutely stunning.  What I like about THEhotel the most is the tranquil environment it embodies.  It's attached to the Mandalay Bay via a long corridor, so you have the casino action right at your fingertips, but the exclusiveness of a boutique hotel.  Everyone here is friendly and polite.... Something you would expect from a AAA Four Diamond property.The rooms are all suites and absolutely amazing.  The living room comes complete with a couch, huge flat screen TV and a workstation overlooking the Vegas skyline. A separate  restroom and mini-bar, complete with sink round out the entrance......Now, the good part..... The bedroom.  Plush robes, slippers, bathtub for two and a shower with the perfect amount of water pressure..... Another bathroom is inside a water closet and the vanity and sinks are his/hers..... or his/his & hers/hers.... Whatever you may prefer!THE BED......DEAD......HEAVEN.  The bed is one of the most comfortable beds you will ever sleep in.  The room has the slightest bit of wear and tear, but it's clean and very spacious.... If you're coming to Vegas between now and the fall of 2014, book your room at THEhotel inside Mandalay Bay.
4	This place is fabulous and I should give it 5 stars.  The suite is amazing.  A modern full size living room and full size bedroom.  The bath has a hot tube.  Oh yeah!  When I checked in, my name was on the LCD displays making me feel like a VIP.  The parking valet is just downstairs and convenient.  The rooms themselves is a 5.  But there were some minor inconveniences that made me lower the rating.  First, it isn't close to the casino.  A very long walk in a corridor that has a creepy feel at nights (since you're the only one in it).  Then no restaurants are part of it.  You have to go back in the casino.  Then the location of the casino.  Nothing is around it.  Sure you can walk to the small boring Luxor or take a tram to Excalibur which is dated and tacky.  I prefer mid-strip where you can walk to numerous casinos, shops and restaurants.  The room is not enough for me to come back here, unless I get comp, which I won't since I'm not a premium member of their rewards program.
1	One word- DISGUSTING ! I was on a business trip last week and was working at the convention center, so I figured it would be easiest to stay at the Mandalay bay as well. First, after a long flight,  I got to the front desk and they tell me that since they are "so booked" they moved my room to THEhotel... after trekking to THEhotel... I finally get to my room and it smelled like throw up. I was absolutely disgusted.... I walked over to the bed and found a large black hair on the pillow on the bed. Then, there was puke all over the comforter. I was HORRIFIED. I called the desk services and they moved me to another room. I had to wait for 10 minutes. The front desk barely apologized. I then got to my new room and immediately went to check the bed. There, i found large clumps of hair in the bed. It was appalling. I called the desk services again and they did not seem to care. They told me they could send housekeeping to remove the hair. I was absolutely disgusted that I ended up cancelling my entire room and ended up getting a nicer room all the way on the other end of the strip.I work in the events/exhibits industry and will make sure to tell everyone I know about this terrible experience. It doesn't seem like  they clean their rooms at this place, let alone care if there is throw up on their beds.
3	I come to vegas every other week for business and usually stay at the Mandalay. When I asked the front desk attendant if there were any upgrade rooms available, she said I could get a suite in "The" for 40 bucks...  I sstay here every time, you think they would just say "we value you, and are going to comp the fee", but never.I don't like Mandalay Bay (proper) anymore because its just too noisy on the floors and thought this might be a good change, and in between meetings, get some work done.. So the good... The rooms are cool, two bathrooms, a living room and then another room with a bedroom and a master bath. State of the art TV's, internet, all that good stuff.. The bed, is nice and firm and I got a good sleep. Big towels, can't go wrong, Im a big guy.Now the bad.For hotels I have 3 rules... Comfortable Bed, Quiet, Good Shower Head.... This place gets ONE.The bed, i talked about... Good stuff.I don't know whats wrong with Mandalay properties but there is constant banging going on, mostly from the room service staff in the morning. Put the DND sign up, they still knock... WTF... Noises in the rooms above, below, next to you, this place has walls as thin as rice paper.The shower head... I get water conservation, im a big fan, but it strikes me as ironic that you can go to some of the restaurants and see the water on full blast all night to MELT ice from the raw bars... Using water to melt water.. Yes its a health control, but when your 6"5 and get into a shower and it takes you 5 minutes to get soaked, I wonder how much water could be saved with a normal flow with a shorter shower. And yes there are realities of fluid dynamics (how do you get a fininite number of gallons of water to hundreds of rooms), but its a bummer.Don't get me wrong, the place is A-OK and worth experiencing.. Mandalay is a great 5-star resort but its attention to details that I think they are falling down on.Opening the door to room service and having to point to the do not disturb light makes me think I know more about the property than they do. Perhaps also, being a bit more ginger with opening and closing some of the doors at 8am in the morning might make this a quieter place...
5	I was just here for work, we set up a party in the Lupo.  This hotel is sooooo pretty!!! Clean and kept up.  Can not wait to go back when I am not working!!! Love this hotel.  Great valet service, though their carport is a bit confussing thats really no biggie.
4	We got married in Vegas last weekend and made a reservation at Mandalay Bay. Upon check-in we received an upgrade to The Hotel!  I was thrilled - made our wedding weekend extra special!  The room was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom featured a deep soaking tub, double sinks and separate shower.  The atmosphere walking from the casino to The Hotel is like entering a spa - dim lighting, tranquil - an oasis in the midst of Vegas.
5	I did a two-night 'staycation' here for my wedding and mini-honeymoon. My groom's parents booked the V Suite for us and it was nothing but amazing. It's definitely perfect for romantic getaways. You get a fluffy, king-size bed, a big fat tub just for two and even some matching bathrobes and slippers (mind you, both of these items are as fluffy as their towels--they're really soft to lounge in).Along with a huge tub, you also get a nice shower booth decked out in fancy, black marble as well as a huge bathroom countertop (2 sinks) for all you ladies who need room to do your hair & make-up. The bathroom comes with the following: make-up mirror, flat-screen TV so you can catch up on your soaps as you soak in the hot tub, cotton balls, Q-tips, shower gel, soap bar, shampoo & conditioner, and also the motherload: the sewing kit.My only complaints about THEhotel are the low-pressure toilet flush on the higher floors, the elevator noises that can possibly wake up light sleepers at night (for me, this wasn't much of a big problem as I'm able to sleep through it), and of course the ridiculous 'resort fees' and cost of chugging down a drink inside your hotel suite (but then again, this has become the standard for most hotels here in Vegas).THEhotel suites are definitely an upgrade from their Mandalay Bay counterparts. I've only stayed at the Mandalay once, and if I had to compare, I'd say that THEhotel definitely lives up to its 5-star status.I'd love to stay here again!(Protip: Keep your hotel key card; front desk allows you to. If you keep it, you're able to still go soak in the Mandalay pools even if you've already checked out. I have a friend who collects hotel key cards and she's done this several times. I tested it myself and I was still able to get some splash at the Mandalay pools even though I checked out 15 minutes before.)
5	Small but updated rooms. Felt like European if you ask me. If thus is what is available when trying to get something at the Mandalay Bay, don't sweat it, it's a great hotel.
3	The Mandalay Bay is great if you want a quiet hotel with no casino. The service is generally great there, and you won't have to wait in a long line to check in.But make sure that you don't stay in a room below the 10th floor, facing the parking lot. The reason why is because they change the pool in the spa once a month, which makes any room from the 1st- 10th floor facing the parking lot smell like a sewer for hours. It happened to me on February 18th, and I had to cover my nose with a t-shirt to fall asleep. Avoid those rooms, and ask for another one if that's what they give you.
2	Kind of a "meh" for The Hotel these days, they don't seem to be keeping their game up.  The rooms are, as most agree, nicely appointed small suites.  However, THE housekeeping is subpar, we checked in and found a set of car keys and tin of altoids mints on the floor by the bed.  Also, THE furniture sucks.  THE coffee table in the living room had clearly had the leg broken off and was crudely repaired with wood glue oozing out of the cracks.  When I mentioned this to THE front desk representative at checkout, his response was a rhetorical "Really?" indicative of nothing.All told, I kind of expected more for almost 300 bucks/night + $25 resort fee.  On the pro side, still love the beach, wave pool, and lazy river here. Note: you now must purchase your inner tubes for the lazy river for $22 which doesn't seem that bad compared to what everything else costs in Vegas, lol.I suppose the lesson is, don't bother paying more for the dirty suites with broken furniture in THE hotel, as you can use the beach facilities by staying at the cheaper Mandalay Bay.
3	I found THE Hotel to be less technologically modern than other hotels on the strip, but it was a comfortable stay overall. The rooms were clean and I didn't have the same issue of hearing other people's noise, as some reviews mentioned. Beds were soft and comfy. The size of the rooms and bathrooms were really good compared to other hotels. There is one small bathroom when you walk in, then a good sized living room with a desk, couch, chair, tv and table. The bedroom had plenty of space and the main bathroom had 2 sinks, a shower, bathtub, and enclosed toilet. I wasn't there long so I didn't use the shower but my friends said the water kept switching from hot to cold. When we requested extra towels they were brought up within 10 minutes. THE Hotel is connected to Mandalay Bay so you share the casino and all of their pool facilities. There is a somewhat lengthy walk to get to the pools. I wanted to float in the lazy river but couldn't bring myself to spend $22 on a floating tube. The wave pool dispenses one small wave every 90 seconds. So, not too exciting. There is a topless pool for adults and Daylight Beach club. The good thing is if you're going to LIGHT nightclub, the entrance is so close to THE Hotel! In conclusion, as I sometimes say, there was nothing inherently wrong with this hotel but nothing special to make me choose it over others on the strip.
2	This year my company booked us all into the Mandalay Bay rather than the Luxor. Anything is a significant improvement over the Luxor and I was expecting good things of the Mandalay Bay.When I checked in however the front desk person told me that my room was in THEhotel. As with everything at the Mandalay Bay it was about a mile to walk there, I won't even talk about how far the Convention Center is!After fighting my way through slot machines and gamblers in various stages of intoxication I found THEhotel entrance. When I got to the room it immediately reminded me of the Luxor - tired, dark and kind of old looking. I was apparently in one of their nicer rooms, a suite no less. It had a tiny sitting room, a slightly larger bedroom and a bathroom. I felt that like Embassy Suites they had stretched the definition of "suite" somewhat. I also found the place quite dusty which didn't add to the overall appeal.The bedroom felt small and dark. The bed was comfortable enough but it just felt depressing being in the room. The bathroom looked very dated and I was treated to a blocked sink. The toiletries seemed to be very low quality too, there was no body wash and just a small block of soap.
3	I booked this hotel because of the suite sz & the access to Mandalay Beach. I was NOT impressed with Thehotel. In fact very underwhelmed. The flower arrangements in the lobby public areas are really nice. The walls are pretty thin. My 10 yr old twins shouldn't have to hear couple above us having mrng sex! I mean every ooh-aahh! Why is there a resort fee if the gym/spa is another $15-25 per day??  Basically you are paying $25/day for wifi. The front desk is not situated right out the elevator doors. This would be helpful as I had restaurant questions often & didn't want to walk down hall to front desk.  The bedding needs updating badly, kinda rough to the touch. Room was on 11th flr, awful view. My daughter complained of a weird smell when entering the hotel each time, I was not bothered by it, smelled like a scented lotion to me. The beach is nice. TIP, bring your own inner tube , hotel charges $20 for an adult sz. Also, the good at beach is overpriced, so are the drinks. I don't feel the Mandalay Bay has good dining choices. We ate at Border Grill for dinner one ngt, good chips, with ok salsa. Food though, wasn't good & it's pricey. Not sure if I'd stay here again. The 2 bathrms were convenient. Best suites in Vegas to me are at the Palazzo.
1	I had a few of my friends come with me to check in to my room at The Hotel. The staff gave me a selection of rooms to chose from and I selected the highest room with the best view (of course). The said the room would be ready in 30 minutes and they would text me. 30 minutes went by quickly as we all sat and socialized about our plans in vegas. 30 additional minutes went by before I went up to the front just to check in. They said sorry it will take Another 30 mins. At this point I was frustrated, returning to check in on the eta of the room every 30 mins for another hour and a half. We got there at 3 so that we could enjoy some pool time but The Hotel had no motivation to see us to our room in a timely matter. We got to our room at 6 after being the only poor looking slumps waiting for their room for 3 hours! Got to the pool and found out that there were more kids down there then any day at Disneyland. Not a place for adults unless you pay $50 to get into morrea beach. We had fun there at least.
1	I have stayed here twice now and I haven't been super impressed. For an upscale hotel I was surprise by the lack of service. 1) what hotel charges for wine openers?! I have stayed at hotels that are 3 stars or the hilton who offer wine openers for free. It is Vegas! Have a wine opener available. I realize the mini bar has only twist off, but for what we are paying to stay at a fancy hotel, there is no excuse. 2) On the first night out, we went out for a taxi and had to wait 20 min for a van since there was 5 of us. No problem. We didn't mind the wait. The bell desk was able to text or contact the Mandalay side and ask for a van cab. So the next night going out, we called the service desk and ask for them to call a van cab for us since we didn't want to wait 20 min this time. The service desk said they couldn't call the taxi...fine. Then I asked if they could contact the be desk and ask them to call a van for or make sure there was one down there. The said they could contact them. I feel like for the caliber of hotel "the hotel" claims to be, they should be able to communicate to all parts of the hotel. As customers, when you call down and they ask how assist you?and when you advertise the needs of the guest are priority, you don't want to be heard the answer no, or at least hear them say let me see what I can do. Again, most hotels would be able to accommodate this. I feel most taxi's go mainly to the Mandalay side and not as many go to "the hotel" and as result, you should be willing to accommodate. Especially since we knew the bell cap was able to communicate with the taxi's on the Mandalay side or the dispatcher. When we checked out, the service desk didn't even ask "how was our stay?." Printed the bill and asked how we wanted to pay. It was only then that we brought up these concerns and she said the same things.... Again, what "high caliber" hotel says no, or doesn't say, let me see what I can do. What made matters worse is all he construction noise you hear while talking to the service or at the service desk as well. The hotel it self was fine, the room was big enough for 4 people, but one star for the poor service. Will never stay here agin. Would rather stay somewhere with better service!
1	I stayed here over Easter weekend and it was a mess. I stayed here once before and it was great, maybe because it was a less busy weekend. We planned a big bachelor/bachelorette weekend with 13 people coming to stay at this hotel. When we arrived and checked in, our room was supposed to have two queen beds. Our reservation stated two queen beds because we had four people staying in the room and needed the extra bed. The front desk lady said that they didn't have any of these rooms available yet (even though we reserved one) and that they only had rooms with one king bed in it. We were told that even though we select two queen beds when reserving a room, it is just a "preference". This doesn't make sense at all because clearly my email states two queen beds. This wasn't a huge deal because after about 20 minutes of arguing, they half-promised a room the next day with two queen beds. Our other guests were arriving the next day so I only needed the one bed for the first night. They promised that when our real room was available the next day they would come get our bags and move the bags into the correct room. They also said that we could go to the Mandalay Bay and book there if we wanted. What kind of business is that? We pay extra money and reserve a nice expensive room and now we are told to go stay in the cheaper, older, and noisier Mandalay Bay. Oh, or we can have cot sent up to our room. Yes, because we want to pay $200 per night so two people can sleep on a cot.The next day comes and instead of spending time at the pool or doing Las Vegas things, I spend an hour again at the front desk explaining the situation to a different person. They finally tell us the room number that will be reserved for us and that it just needs to be cleaned. We end up having to move our own bags to the new room because no one notifies us when the room is ready. I have to go back to the front desk to find out if its done getting cleaned. I also explained to them that our friends booked the exact same suite with two beds and they are coming later that day. They again half-promised that they would get set up correctly in the right room. They arrived around midnight Friday and low and behold, did not get the room they reserved. They got set up in the incorrect room again because it's still overbooked at TheHotel. They took the wrong room because they really had no choice at this point and one of the guests got a cot. The next day comes and since they were the bride and groom, I argued on their behalf to the front desk agents. Again, another hour of explaining to them that we booked multiple rooms all with two queen beds for this occasion. Nothing was done to help us out or feel comfortable thinking that we would get our reservations taken care of. Eventually, after arguing and complaining about how our reservation was never handled correctly, almost all of my guests ended up having to book a room at the regular Mandalay Bay. We did this by walking over to their front desk and starting over. TheHotel front desk couldn't even help with that. Apparently it's common practice for TheHotel to overbook even though we paid a deposit and had paid over $1,000 for each room over four days. 12 guests, 6 rooms, you do the math. With such a big investment into reservations you would think the reservation would hold something. It reminded me a lot of a Seinfeld episode. "You know how to take the reservation, but you don't know how to HOLD the reservation."We were all supposed to have $75 credit for drinks but that never got subtracted to our bill. It was part of the original reservation as a special New Years Getaway package that they sold but it never actually worked. We complained again at the front desk when we checked out but they couldn't figure out math. They said the $75 credit gets magically taken away on the bill and doesn't really show up. Most of us that stayed in Vegas work in accounting as a living, and in order to show what was added or subtracted, we need numbers on a receipt. They explained to us that it just doesn't show up. What did show up was our drink charges though for ~$75 per room (the ones that actually stayed at THeHOtel). The front desk people were the worst customer service reps. I have encountered anywhere in Las Vegas. For a city that is based around your customers, you need to straighten this out. One complaint anywhere else and at least you get an apology, we never even got that. Most places will give you free drinks at the bar.My recommendation is to not stay here at all if you don't have to. If it is a holiday weekend I would especially avoid the Mandalay Bay and The Hotel. It is littered with children and it will def. be overbooked. Which means good luck trying to get the room you reserved months ahead of time.Side notes - Why do people bring children to Las Vegas?Half-promise = Customer service people claim that your room will be ready, although can not promise or guarantee it will be.
4	Quick update to note that the Hotel contacted me directly, addressed my concerns, and made me confident that another stay there would not have the same issues!
4	Booked the "O" Suite at The Hotel for surprise 80th birthday. We booked the room about a month in advance. After the 4.5 hour drive from LA, just wanted to kick it in the room and chill...It was about 4 pm, check in is 3 pm.Now, the last thing you want to hear when trying to check in is "I'm sorry your room in not ready"...OMG! I'm a little perturbed at this point. We are spending $750 a night, prepaid, its now 4pm & room NOT READY!! Wow.We booked a total of 4 rooms, none were ready at 4pm. A little disturbing since LV hotels are getting more strict as to check in time (now most are 4 pm) , but want you checked the hell out at 11 am! Ostensibly to get room clean for next guest!!!! Well???Hotel employee was very helpful. I realize it wasnt his fault, But it is hard not to take it out on people who are assisting you. So, after some discussion back and forth, the nice person upgraded us to the "L" Suite...which was simply wonderful! A beautiful suite with nice view and very acccomdating for the party of 18.One issue, the TV near the jacuzzi tub was not working...Oh Well!Our only issue with room...no refrigerator, no microwave, no utensils whatsoever. Oh well, I dont understand why some of these accomodations are not included, Yes, you can rent them for $35, which we did for microwave.All the personnel we came across at The Hotel were very nice and very inviting. From the Valet staff, to the Desk Personnel, to the Housekeeping Staff...All were very nice to us, constantly greeting us and making us feel special.Would I stay here again? Yes! We are re-booking for another birthday party... I think the personnel make the difference here. Nicely done...
2	From the looks,  this hotel rock ... but don't be fooled,  it's a shit hotel made to look nice from the outside. I'm on floor 5 and can hear every sound from the club below. The walls are paper thin and I won't be ever staying here again. Make up on a huge pig.
1	So here's the deal. I upgraded to the suite this weekend with the thought that it would be nice to spend some downtime in the room. What I've discovered is that they charge, a lot, for everything. Want to keep beverages cool? $35 per night for a mini fridge. Want coffee in your room? $4 per keurig cup. Who charges for in room coffee?Rooms are average and the tower location is away from all the hotel amenities which are located at the Mandalay tower. I really regret "upgrading" and wish I was in a smaller, cheaper room in the Mandalay Tower. I do not recommend THE Hotel.
1	Check in service was efficient dispute the long line. There was about 30 people waiting and it took about 15 min. Hotel staff was very friendly and the view from the room is spectacular. The huge problem I have is the integrity after check out. We ate a bag of nuts from the bar and was charged $45! After almost 4 weeks I was charge again on my credit card $18. I believes credit card was compromised at the hotel. They sent me a survey and explained the incident with the credit card and they have yet to respond. It's been 3 weeks! Very upset and would recommend this Hotel at all. They are lucky they had a star!!!
1	I wish I'd read the reviews on Yelp before booking a room here. It really is a 1-2 star hotel hiding behind the Mandalay Bay facade.  Multiple issues.  First, booked Mandalay Bay and ended up here.  Second, tiny, room on the other side of the complex. Third, it's just lacking a lot of really basic amenities and services.  While superficially high-end the experience is like staying in a freeway-side motel where you pay in cash.  Unfortunately the booking rate is the same as the Mandalay.  My advice is stay away unless you like the feeling of being fleeced.
4	I loved this hotel. The rooms were comfortable, stylish and clean. The bath products in the rooms were awesome too. Its a bit of a walk to the pool from this section of Mandalay Bay but thats ok. Im sad TheHotel is being converted into the Delano.
1	Please know I am writing this review as this trip  was VERY disappointing at The Hotel.Emailed them THREE times and no response at all, wanted to be fair and give them a chance.Pictures attached are the proof.The condition of the room and the stay over all was terrible. 1. We arrive and the paper view on demand was not working correctly and we tried to rent a movie for our kids to watch.2. The lamp in the bedroom was broken, did not work on the night stand and about to fall apart, we noticed right before we put the kids to bed and had the repair man come the next day at 8:30 am so the kids would not be waken up for our first night there. We cracked the bath room door to have light in the bed room. 3.The bath tub was dirty have pictures of dirt in tub when we arrived in the room. ( have picture) 4. Then the bath tub was still not cleaned on our second day there as well after housekeeping came , the did not clean the tub.5. The second day they did not replenish the shampoo or  conditioner as well. 6. The bath room had titles coming off the walls near the shower and was dangerous as the shower was leaking really bad and  there was water all over the bath room titles and the titles where loose as well as we walked. The leak must have been there for some time to have the titles loose under our feet . ( have pictures) 7. The bed comforter had stains all over them and smelled bad. ( have pictures) 8. Night stand had scratches and the finish was coming off the top and it had dirt on the night stand as well. ( have pictures) We stayed on 11 floor room 803 , this room really needs repair. Please repair this roomThis was such a  BIG disappointment as we flew out there to relax but instead had a terrible room that is need of cleaning and of many repairs.In the past we have stayed here at The Hotel  and the Mandalay many times and the rooms have never been this terrible,what  happened?What happened ?
5	THEhotel is amazing! The views are incredible and the rooms are absolutely upscale boutique hotel quality. It is located within walking distance of Mandalay Bay and several amazing restaurants.
5	Russell from the Bell Desk was Incredible.He was so friendly, apologized for an unusually long wait to have our bags brought up, and stayed with us for a few minutes to go over all of the amenities and features of the hotel.It really set the tone for our entire stay! Hopefully he is valued as an employee, he is really a shining star!!The hotel really has become my favorite, all of the staff went out of their way, the rooms were clean, really nice (especially the suite) and the restaurants were phenomenal.  Not to mention Cirque de Soleil "one" plays there.Don't consider staying anywhere else.
1	THEhotel ranks as my 2nd worst stay in Vegas, and trust me, I've stayed at about 15 of the strip (or near strip) hotels.All I have to say is if you're reading this close to today's date DO NOT STAY ON THE 26th FLOOR. And soon, don't stay on a few floors below this. They are slowly renovating the hotel from the top down... 24 F*****G 7. What hotel renovates for 24 hours and has guests on an adjacent floor? Yep, that means drilling, scraping, banging, and every other horrid noise was going on all-night-long. I was staying here for work and had no patience for the lack of sleep I encountered. I called the desk several times in the night, especially between 3 and 4am (pretty reasonable quiet sleeping times, right?) and got nowhere. I was offered free breakfast for the troubles. FREE BREAKFAST?!? First of all, my work conference was feeding me so this was useless to me, second of all, this does not solve the issue at hand here. When asking to move to another floor they told me that it was sold out and they couldn't move me. That night in the middle of the night, fine... but they even said over the next two days it was not likely they could move me. This makes zero sense. There are plenty of times in the day when rooms open up, why couldn't they move me? On my 5th or so call I made progress with a new front desk receptionist and was told I could move at some point that day. First issue solved (after getting 1.5 hours of solid sleep before a 9 hour day of important meetings..... great). I was also appalled that when a room opened while I was at work (they would only hold the room until 5:30pm for me) they wouldn't move my luggage for me. What hotel won't do this? I've been to countless places who will do this. I gave permission, I begged, I lost.Aside from the construction disaster and poor customer service, this place is renovating for a reason. There was something crusty (I don't want to even know) on my bed frame and stains on the comforter. This was one of the most uncomfortable hotel beds with paper like sheets and one of those comforters you just want to throw on the floor and never touch again. Carpet was extremely dirty, and the room stunk. I can't even describe the smell but it was pumping through the AC and it was just awful.The room was spacious and a "suite" which is nice, but when it comes down to it I'd rather have a nice clean closet sized room than a giant, loud, dirty big room. The bathroom was the nicest, cleanest part of the room, though there was an old guest's used toiletries in the bathroom - so not the most thorough cleaning seems to be done here. Even after turning on every light switch and lamp in this room it is insanely dark- like can't even see in your bag to find something dark.You can't pay me to stay here again.
5	This was the best hotel we have ever stayed in. The room was amazing as well as the customer service. We waited in line for check in for over an hour and thanks to our patience, they upgraded us to a suite on the 12th floor with a view of the mountains. Everything was perfect and super clean, and I'm a clean freak so when I say clean, it was spotless. Every day during our time out, housekeeping would come in and clean up the room again. I never once saw my own mess reflect in the room. On top of cleanliness, the room was very quiet and I'm a light sleeper. It was a rather long walk to do anything in the hotel such as the pools or restaurants, but frankly I prefer to walk and have the rooms quiet. The places to eat are amazing, but very pricey, as with all Vegas restaurants. The beach pool and lazy river were well worth it as well. We stayed at another hotel after our experience here, and it didn't compare or even come close to my standards. We will always look to stay here when we visit Vegas.
3	not worth the price.The Spa is great and quiet, but rooms are just ok and a distance from the pool casino, etc.Will stay in Mandalay Bay next time
1	Very disappointing. The view from 4-914 is of nothing. The room is old, the TV is from 1998, the furniture is falling apart and the rug is a new level of nasty that I have not seen in a while. And I got to pay extra for this upgrade!Not to mention that I just got a 120 volt shock from the light switch on the wall. That was a nice surprise. Needless to say, I will not be coming back anymore or recommending this place to anyone.
4	impromptu family trip. even though i made the rez, i didn't realize i got THEhotel at mandalay, rather than booking rooms at mandalay bay. pros:- big: all the rooms are suite style with a living room area and 1/2 bath in the front, separated from the bedroom and full bathroom. the 1/2 bath is always nice when you have lots of people staying in room- separate lobby: THEhotel has it's own separate lobby and entrance. this is super nice since you don't have to walk through the smoke filled casino floor to your hotel room. the elevators are right off the lobby entrance so again, you don't have to trek through the entire casino to get to your rooms- beds were super comfortable- both rooms ended up being the disabled room, so there was a roll  in shower, and a bathtub in the bathroom. cons:- the name is CONFUSING AS HELL. you can't just say "THEhotel" you have to keep adding @manadalay bay. can you imagine being drunk and telling the taxi drive that you're staying at "THEhotel"? - at the far end of the strip. i was with family, so i wasn't really partying or anything, so it wasnt a big deal, but it was a bit of a hassle to get to other hotels since mandalay bay is only connected to luxor (i think). you'd have to drive to get anywhere else. it's really a minor technicality, but keep this in mind if you like gambling/visiting multiple hotelswould i come again? sure.
3	I am concerned    I have stayed in The Hotel in the past  and for the most part was satisfied, issues always handled by staff promptly,  Last February the room was a bit ragged but I understand renovations are under way. In Decemeber we chose to stay at the Mandalay.  We arrive in three weeks and if things are as bad as some of the other reveiws I see here perhaps i should be rethinking our stay........Have the rooms really become this rundown? Is housekeeping this inadequate?   This is a special surprise trip for my Hub and do not want to spend the time dealing with issues.
4	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas. The rooms are pretty nice..  Love the shops, the clubs, the pool.. There is lots of great restaurants in the shops.. Last time I went and stayed was for a UFC event.  It was weidman vs silva.   They also had what I think was called "UFC fan expo" going on at that time.  Ran in to Jon "bones" jones in the lobby...cool as hell.  Even came to my room and chilled for a while.  You never know who you might run into.
4	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas. The rooms are pretty nice..  Love the shops, the clubs, the pool.. There is lots of great restaurants in the shops.. Last time I went and stayed was for a UFC event.  It was weidman vs silva.   They also had what I think was called "UFC fan expo" going on at that time.  Ran in to Anthony pettis and Jon "bones" jones in the lobby...cool as hell.  Jones Even came to my room and chilled for a while.  You never know who you might run into.
1	I just returned from a two night what the heck let's go to Vegas vacation.  I was in a King Suite with a view of the strip, but where the hotel is located, your "Strip View" is basically the sand and the Luxor.  There are better views in Waco, Texas.  You are so far away from it all, I felt like I was in another city entirely.  If you are with your kids, or love your significant other, a lot, then this hotel can work.  But they pay 6 to 5 for blackjack, every time I sat down some moron would hit a 15 with a dealer showing a 5, beers are $7.03, I know it's Vegas, but really, make it $7.00.  I will say this, the staff is amazing, I will just never stay here again, for any reason.
4	I was very happy about how nice the guest room was and all its amenities!!! Had a great time with my family here.  Even though our room was not available, they looked for another one right away...And we brought our dog too...extremely dog-friendly place!!! :)
4	We stayed here (february 2014) when the family decided to join me for a conference that was being held at Mandalay Bay. Yes, it is a quick walk to the casino, food court and convention center but it is well worth it in accommodations and ambiance. The rooms are suites with a separate bedroom and small living room. There is a writing desk in the living room which comes in handy if you are there on business. There is a half bath when you walk in to the room which is perfect if you have guests. the second bathroom has a toilet closet, separate shower and oversized whirlpool tub with a waterfall-like feature. There is a scale in the bathroom that sounds unimportant but really came in handy making sure all our luggage was under the airline travel limit. This is not the cheapest option on the strip but very classy and luxurious. We would definitely stay here again. We had an option to pay ahead for quick check in and this was worth it when we got in at 1 am from an east coast flight.  Our only bad experience was when we got to the hotel, the valet parking for Mandalay Bay was closed so THEhotel valet was the only one open and overwhelmed. It took a long time to valet and for the bellhop to get our luggage up,to our room. Other than this initial "hiccup" which was not fun as a weary traveler with 2 kids in tow, The pool was closed which was a minor disappointment but we live in Florida so we could swim when we got home. Our room was clean, comfortable and stain free unlike other reviewers comments. We did not encounter any construction issues or noise. Overall we had an extremely enjoyable stay.
1	My friends and I stayed at THEhotel for EDC and booked 2 rooms with 2 queen size beds each 6 months ahead of time through Hotwire. We arrived on the Friday of EDC to check in only to find out that the hotel was overbooked and they would only be able to give us 2 rooms with 1 king size bed each. What was the point in booking so far ahead of time? And wouldn't a busy weekend like EDC prompt better handling of reservations by THEhotel?What added insult to injury was the nonchalant attitude of the concierge when trying to resolve the issue. She responded to our dissatisfaction unsympathetically with: "Well, it's EDC weekend and we're busy." And she didn't even offer any consolation until I asked for it. The consolation (which again, I had to ask for myself) included free roll-out beds upon request (which they tried to charge us for when we requested them) and a measly $50 food & drink voucher (which basically buys one meal for two people due to the inflated prices).Even after EDC weekend, my friend reported that he was charged a room cleaning fee for his room, because THEhotel claimed that the room was trashed (which it wasn't). They waived the fee only after he called to dispute it.I don't plan on staying at THEhotel again whether or not it's a busy weekend like EDC. It was the only horrible experience to what otherwise was an enjoyable weekend.
2	Stayed here for the second time this weekend, and the hotel is a disaster. Service at Guest services is dreadful, from your room, it takes more than 6 minutes for anyone at the front desk to answer a phone.  most of the building is under construction, switching from TheHotel to Delano and all of the grounds are limited since construction is underway. The floors where rooms are located smell like heavy cigarettes, and the overall staff (with the exception of housekeeping which was phenomenally helpful) was unhelpful. Amenities in this building were not available, and we had to use those in Mandalay Bay which although connected, was very far away.
1	Note that during this stay we were shuffled to four different rooms, each one was a pathetic story in its own right.  Delano charged us for room damage that was not done and the front desk took the fake charge off. Sounds good?  Nope!  Charge reappears on the credit card statement.  A call to Delano when we get home and they say it was a mistake and charges will be removed, they even sent an email stating that with a confirmation number. Phew, problem resolved!  Oh, my mistake the charge remains there until I file a dispute and now (3 weeks post visit) it has been removed and I can put this horror hotel behind me. With the change over from THE Hotel to the Delaney be prepared for longer waits, poor service, major construction changes and much higher prices.  The latest scam is to make you wait for a room because nothing is available unless you want to spend $100 extra a night for a new room.  I am currently in a crowded lobby with many other unhappy souls waiting for their room too.  Check in began a long time ago.  This is pathetic
2	Used to be our favorite place to stay in Vegas...  THE Hotel is now Delano.  It's currently undergoing construction and during fight week no less.  We were not informed that we would hear pneumatic drills and jackhammers not only in our room, but in the hallways it's SO loud people are walking covering their ears!  We were put in one of the updated rooms that will be Delano, we hated it.  We come to Vegas to relax and loved the dark, romantic setting that THE Hotel had offered, now it's white on white Miami style...not very relaxing.  We were also promised a pool view, we got no pool view but a rooftop and a parking lot.  We asked to be moved to THE Hotel...not Delano..which they did and we got a strip view which was better.  THE Hotel does definitely need to be updated, just not to the contemporary modern Miami white.  We will be staying somewhere else next time.  I hear the jackhammer in my room as I'm writing this. Hotels should be required to disclose that they are under construction, or will be at the time of your stay!
3	The room here was very nice. We got upgraded, so I'm not sure how nice a basic room is. However, the reason I'm rating it 3 stars is because of noise level, the guest service, and the location. While staying here, there was construction going on that was so loud, you couldn't even be in the lobby. You could even here the noise in the hotel room. At night, when the construction would stop, the club they just opened up would start and the music is so loud, you can hear which song they are playing. It makes it very difficult to sleep before 1am. When I would go down to the lobby or to get out of the casino, the hotel workers were extremely rude. I would walk up with a smile and say,"Hello, excuse me but I have a quick question..." They would blankly stare and not say anything. So I would continue with my question after asking if they even worked there... They would answer with a word or two and that's it. There was another time when a lady didn't even look my way while I asked her the best way to get to the coffee bar. She just pointed and continued her conversation with the other worker there. After that, I just stopped asking them for anything. And lastly, the location is pretty far from walking any place. So, if you don't mind paying for a taxi, I suppose this wouldn't be a problems or you. But, I feel the location topped off with everything else just made it all a bad experience.
3	The room was very nice. Right now there is construction and even on the 13th floor it woke us up way too early for vacation. The service was good and the people were very pleasant. The construction was so loud though. There is not free coffee in your room, but there is a K-cup they will charge you $4 for. Also, when we got to our room it smelled funny. I found the culprit- old leftovers under the counter from the previous guest. The lazy river was nice, but not lazy! There were tons of kids without tubes splashing around. There should be a rule that you must have a tube! We paid over $20 for ours, and went around the loop twice. I got sick of being kicked by kids trying to swim in the river and we left.  FYI: more kids at this hotel than the others I've been at on the strip. Eh-I wouldn't stay here again.
2	So my husband accidentally booked us here rather than the four seasons. I was  disappointed but it didn't seem so bad when we checked in. The room was nice, big,a suite, recently upgraded. But the acoustics are terrible. When I went to sleep (admittedly early) there was pounding base from one of our neighbors and then at 5:30am was awoken to them having loud sex. Great way to wake up!Housekeeping was terrible.  They never came to clean the room on the first day and the light to clean was on.  I called for more towels and shampoo that evening and it was never delivered, and then the next day when the baby (who we had to pay $35 for a crib for) were taking a nap housecleaning came by and rang the door bell 5 times before trying to break down the door (with the do not disturb light) before I could get there.  The room had already been cleaned!  I am beyond frustrated with the housekeeping here.Next time we will definitely be staying at the four seasons!
3	So I thought this hotel would be nice since its a part of Mandalay and its a suite. But its aiiight! it aint that great. They were doing remodeling in the lobby so it was annoying kuz it was loud. There was a certain smell when you walk down the hall to ur room. Not sure what smell that was but it was jus different. My nose did not enjoy it much! right when u walk into the room, to the right side is a half bathroom, then its the living room area, which is a nice size, then to the right is the bedroom and bathroom. The room was clean. the TV in the room sucked. it was like them ol skool TV's where it was huge in the back part. I liked the bathroom, it was nice and clean and big. there was a small TV in the bathroom which was cute. the bed was VERY comfy but the pillow sucked. It was too thick and it made my neck hurt. Overall it was aiiight and cool. I think i would rather stay in a regular room at mandalay bay than the suites area. But i would pick Vdara over The Hotel.
2	I used to love staying at this place.  My mistake in booking I was not aware of the construction, but I was given a renovated room.  It was so new the couch was too stiff to sit on comfortably and the pillows were like sleeping on a curb they were a foot thick and hard. I slept on my arm for comfort.  At 5 AM I was awoke by construction hammering in the room above me, however when I called down it stopped 5 minutes later.  The staff was rude as well.  Not sure I'll come back to this place ever again or recommend it.
5	THEsuite is THE BOMB! So I have alway wanted to stay at Mandalay Bay when traveling to Vegas and this time I was able to land a nice deal at THEhotel through my mlife membership! Only stayed one night but the check in process was a breeze. I was greeted accordingly and helped promptly! That's always a plus! I was put on the 28th floor with a nice South facing view! From the moment you step foot into THEhotel it already feels like paradise! The ambiance of this place is amazing. Talk about feeling luxury! I booked THEsuite and it did more than satisfy what i look for in luxury hotels. Marble countertops, Marble floors, the living room area very spacious with a big flat screen tv. Bedroom is huge as well as the bathroom. All around wonderful stay!
1	well. this was the 24 hours to stay in this hotel. at first i get room floor 14 it was smelly and noisy.Than they transfer me to floor 3, but it still smelly and noisy.Than they transfer me to 20 floor that was only noisy. Than i left this poor place to other hotel. And i feel great!!!
4	Great big hotel room with a sitting area and 1.5 bathrooms. The tub was huge, the two queen beds were more like two twins but they were comfortable. Three TVs and the one on the bathroom even had a water proof remote. Elevators were fast and plentiful. The pool area was the best. We thought about renting a cabana but we didn't see a huge advantage and felt good saving $300. Food and drinks were expensive. There was no alternative. The deck was hot, bring flip flops and we thought the beach area with sand was too hot. We found some partially shaded chairs by the river pool and loved them. The wave pool was really great but waves were generated only every minute. We wanted more. The river pool was awesome. You can rent a tube or bring your own but we had the best time when we didn't use anything and just swam the river.The lifeguards were not very attentive. We saw them texting, talking, flirting, etc. it's pretty safe water but we wouldn't feel comfortable letting our 9 and 11 year old on their own. The pool was very very family friendly otherwise.
4	Our trip was earlier this month, after reading the reviews I was very apprehensive, almost switched to another hotel.  But we decided to see for ourselves.  The lobby was under construction, but we actually found it amusing to see the different labrynth of walkways every time we went through.  Also enjoyed seeing the transformation.  Construction noise in lobby very loud.  Construction noise in suite not a trace until our last day.  Even with the new building letters being hoisted past our window.We checked in on a very busy day, had a slight issue with requested room, but front desk (after a few tries) ended up getting everything right. Our suite was perfect and it was an old V suite not yet remodeled, there were no issues with housekeeping, plumbing, or anything else in the suite.  Will miss staying here   will have to quit smoking so that we can stay again.   Transformation to Delano looks wonderful, very upscale  and again front desk was super accommodation, there was just one glitch that they worked out to our satisfaction.
5	Stayed at THEKing suite which is supposed to be one of the newly renovated rooms that will be the 'Delano' later in 2014. This room was definitely one of the most luxurious and spacious rooms we've stayed at compared to Hilton, Hyatt, etc rooms. It had a separate living area with a couch and TV, perfect if you have children or an additional guest. The bathroom had dual vanity and a ridiculous amount of space, great for the wife who needs tons of room to get ready. The hotel over all is truly a resort in that you can spend your whole vacation at the hotel because it has everything you want; restaurants, clubs, bars, shopping, pools.  Everything is plural because there are several of each. I'm not a Vegas expert but it's my understanding Mandalay Bay has the biggest and best pool area. It has a wave pool, lazy river, 21+ pool area, daytime club pool, every kind of pool you could want. Except for a quiet pool area which I guess you wouldn't want if you are going to Vegas. Plenty of more good things to say about the Mandalay Bay but I don't feel like writing an essay. If you don't mind spending a little money more than the average hotel, this place is with it.
4	The hotel is modern. We stayed in a room where the sleeping area and the living room were separate which is always a good thing.  The only bad thing i have to say about it is the walls are super thin.
2	I have been attending the same conference for over a decade. They recently changed locations to Mandalay Bay.THEhotel is currently rebranding as the Delano Las Vegas. The website promised many things that weren't completed and were still under construction. It is still under construction and there were a number of issues that I experienced in my week long stay. 1) Elvis has not left the building. The TV in the living room area of the suite kept turning itself on. The building engineers came to fix it but it didn't work. I had to leave it unplugged when not in use. Apparently Elvis (or his ghost) likes tv.2) The shower door doesn't shut properly. This was discovered by the train of animals crossing the bathroom floor 2 by 2. 3) Internet speed. When there was a signal, the speed was super slow. There was no signal to speak of in the suite's bedroom and there was only minimal signal in the living room area.4) Ring around the tub. The tub in the masterbath had a ring around it. Ew.5) Pillows. You know how most hotel pillows are floppy and light? Well THEhotel solved that problem by packing 23.4 lbs of old blue jeans in the pillow cases. They were super full and completely non-cushioning. I'm not sure what was really in the case, but I want it in my car bumpers.6) Room service. Friday night room service took almost 2 hours. The waiter mentioned that my order got lost and the manager was proactive and kind enough to take 50% off the order charge. Additionally, none of the menu items were delivered as described in the menu - i.e. no croutons in the Caesar salad, no bread crusting on the bread crusted mac and cheese. 7) Mandalay Buffet. If you like Denny's, you'll like the Mandalay Buffet. Otherwise.... meh.8) Conference area. Bring a day pack and a hiking stick as the conference area is about half a mile from the hotel towers. Seriously. 9) Leaky faucets. Despite the renovations for the room, one of the sink faucets in the bathroom kept dripping. I suspect that all the renovations at the hotel are superficial and entirely cosmetic. 10) The pool area. Like the convention area, the pool is incredibly inconvenient. Additionally,  when going to attend a private function at the Moorea pool area, we were asked for ID and denied access. I'm in my mid 40s. Apparently the justification for asking ID at this location (and only this location)  is that the area we were going to was a "liquor and gaming area." Given that it takes 15 minutes to walk there from the hotel tower, that was extremely annoying and completely unnecessary. I was expecting big things given the reputation of the Mandalay Bay. Overall, the experience was profoundly disappointing. I appreciated that the rooms had just been renovated (they still had that new room smell), but with the ongoing construction, the quality of the food and all the minor problems, I don't think I will be back.In a nutshell, don't believe the hype. Stay somewhere else.
2	Just visited the HOTEL soon to be renamed Delano...we actually stayed in their all new Delano room, the hotel room itself is well designed, but the customer experience was horrible, and deserved 0 star!The check-in took 45 minute when there were only 3-4 parties in front of me, although they are going through with their renovation, this is no excuse for the long wait.  We had specifically booked for a suite with 2 beds, but they weren't able to give us a regular room, so we ended up with a room that was designed for handicapped visitors (restrooms with handle bars).Upon entering the room, there trash left over from the previous visitor (unfinished drinks left on the table), and then the rest room there were half-washed glass cups (cuts with foams and not yet rinsed)....obviously someone was rushing to clean the rooms and forgot everything.Following morning, we requested for housekeeping by pushing the housekeeping button, but NO-SHOW, no housekeeping, we had to call again only to get a disgruntled cleaning lady who was very unwilling to come in and clean. After cleaning the room, and leaving, they left their cleaning detergents in the room.Overall, a very very poor customer service/experience for a very expensive room.
2	Lots of construction.  Expect jackhammering all night.  The staff was so great!!!.....they offered us earplugs as a solution.  Perhaps if we had booked the place at a discounted rate knowing what we were getting in to we would not have been disappointed.Also the new Delano rooms are hospital white.  Not a dollop of color anywhere.  Insane asylum sterile feeling.  Lost is the upscale elegance as these new rooms combine brass with chrome and white!!  WEIRD
1	The big secret construction project ...First of all I want to say I have stayed at the property a dozen times in the past, and it had been wonderful, but in my opinion the ownership has ruined this property, When I showed up to "The Hotel at Mandalay Bay", I had my 1st surprise pulling in the parking deck, "The hotel at Mandalay Bay"  is in the middle of a name change (new hotel name Delano")  its having a identity crisis, plus its going through a  complete remodel,  the lobby is torn up, god forbid if you want a drink in Vegas because surprise there's no bar, no lobby furniture, no restaurant, no gift shop, no coffee or snack bar the place is in giant construction mode, you can't even sit down in the lobby, not even a chair to sit on or a couch to sit on, I am in the lobby watching hotel guests sitting on the floor like there in a fine Japanese restaurant on the floor! As much fun as that sounds not today! Don't you think the hotel should have said something during booking? How about an email prior to arrival? This would at least have given you a chance to move to a different hotel. Here the most insulting part they offered a $50 credit on a $2000 room bill for the inconvenience. And to this day they still don't mention the construction on their website. Do yourself a favor STAY AWAY? While in my remodeled room in the new Delano my surprises just keep coming........1. The complementary high speed internet is really not high speed at all, its 3 MBPS, but for $20 dollars a day you can upgrade. 2. The in room coffee is gone! Can't find it! 3. The pillows were new and felt like left over walls of the old hotel, like bricks, I thought that went with the new earthy feel of Delano! 4. And if you're looking for some place to hang your clothes after a long day of travel, surprise there is no closet! 5. Towels- I called 3 times to get more towels! Surprise still waiting. 6. Bedding- in Vegas, outside the temperature was 107 degrees, so surprise they had used goose down comforters on the beds, let's heat up everything. 7. Water in the shower- this is the place you want hot, the water ran for 7 minutes and never got hot, I will give the engineering people credit by the 4th day and I did check out they got the wait time for hot water down to 4 minutes. If you decide you want to bet in Las Vegas, make the best bet you can, and this wouldn't be one of them!  Stay away!
4	The Hotel is really far from the strip,  I kind of felt stuck because we would have to drive everywhere.  The only pro about this hotel is their beach/pool!  I had the most fun on this Vegas trip when I spent 1 hour at the pool! lol  The lazy river was super fun, went around like 10 times! Loved the waterfall part.  Tubes are for rent, $22.  I don't think you need it because I didn't rent one and I still had a blast!  The beach was a lot of fun.  The waves come every 1 min and 20 sec.  I don't know why it's set at such a random time.  There are sand at the beach.  The room I stayed at was newly renovated, which is later going to be renamed Delano.  There are construction going on with the hotel right now, but it wasn't an issue in any ways.  Bed was comfy, but pillows were way too hard.  I slept without a pillow during my two nights stayed.  The suite has a living room and separate bedroom.  There are two restrooms, but only one bath/shower.  The main bathroom is spacious enough for girls to get ready.  Light nightclub is downstair, which is a major plus because it's one of the biggest club in Vegas right now.  Hotel guests get $10 discount admission, girls are free before 11pm.  Something about if the girls and guys are even in ratio, guys get in for free as well.  It all varies though on how busy that night is or which DJ is playing. Overall 3.5 for this hotel.
4	Wonderful room! The construction going on in the hotel made it a bit confusing to navigate but it is a beautiful hotel. The woman at the reservation desk seemed to be confused and looked at the computer for about 10 minutes before telling us that they had lost our room. She was unwilling to let us speak to a manager claiming that there was nothing that they could do. After insisting that we speak to the manager our selfs, the manager was very professional and was able to upgrade our room to a better view. Arrival was a bit confusing but the room made up for the inconvenience.
3	Lots of Noise during a remodel not announced or listed on the website.  I noticed during the morning of our second day there drilling sounds, sounds of multiple wheels.  I mentioned this to front desk.  Got $50 food and beverage credit.  TV in bedroom would not turn on, didn't seem to be able to get hot water in the shower.  It's a schlep walking everywhere.  There are fees for everything.  There was a $25 usage fee for me to use hot tub and steam room.  It's a nice facility but I've never paid an add on for this, also prices for other spa services were outrageous.  Staff is friendly.  I are at the buffet twice and had a gut ache each time and I didn't over eat there.  For the amount of money paid,  I think would have received better overall room stay experience at Luxor or MGM grand.  I like the stay but felt it was over priced.
4	There's nothing that I didn't like about TheHotel. We stayed for a friend's birthday and everything was fine. Not amazing, but perfectly fine.Finding the hotel and the check-in process went very smooth. We got up to our room and everything was clean and the room was a lot nicer and roomier than I expected!Throughout our stay, we had requested for extra towels and other small things and everything was done promptly. The only thing that went wrong in our room was when our bathroom door handle had been jammed and we were unable to open the door from the outside.We called maintenance and they came 0 to 100 real quick. They opened the door for us and had it fixed within 15 minutes. All in all, I would stay here again. It was a nice stay-cation on the strip and we had no problems with the hotel.
5	The best place to stay in Vegas, period. Can not wait to go back in December. All rooms are large suites. Mine had wet bar  and awesome view of downtown.
2	The hotel itself is beautiful, but way too big. There is always a conference of some sort going on, so be prepared to wait 10-20 minutes for an elevator. Not very efficient. It's also very loud. Excellent pool though.
5	I won a free stay at the Mandalay so I was so excited to go but i waa apprehensive about how yhe service maybe since it was a comped stay but much to my delight they were fantastic! They took excellent care of us. Everything was beautiful and it was a great get away!! Can't wait to come again.
2	Called to find out how much to get a suit pressed - it was like pulling teeth to get the info.  They kept referring to alterations, just on pants, etc.  HOW MUCH TO PRESS A TWO PIECE SUIT?Restaurant couldn't seem to understand the request for cocktail sauce with oysters.  They brought ketchup.The mini-bars are NOTORIOUS for having magnets or weight sensors, so if you touch anything it might appear on your bill.
5	Fantastic property. Very luxurious, excellent service from everyone. Beautiful views of Vegas from the rooms. Close to the action. One of the better casinos on premises. A couple of cautions. On property restaurants are VERY expensive and not always great. And there was no coffee maker in the room, so it meant a 1/4 mile walk to Starbucks every morning. But all in all -- two thumbs up.
5	Great hotel to visit, When I visit the strip I always stay here. the hotel is amazing with great staff and a killer day party scene and nightlife. It is always a fun place to gamble even though most of the time I louse lol. I recommend this place all the time to my friends and fam.
5	Just spent a December weekend here with my wife. The Hotel At Mandalay Bay location is ideal for walking: close to Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Centre. The bar area is happy and comfy place. Elevator service was terrible; long lineups waiting for cars that seemed be be 'stuck' much of the time; they MUST do something about that. At a time when wi-fi is free at so many locations, I believe their policy of charging is outrageous, especially given the price of a hotel room. Would still return, but they have to make some changes.
4	My friend and I booked The Hotel At Mandalay Bay on Priceline for $116 a night . After reading some of the reviews I have to admit I was a little nervous. The room we booked was called a cozy queen room . When we checked in they had a king room reserved for us . The room looked exactly like the picture . The location of the hotel was wonderful. And the little cafe in the lobby had Starbucks coffee which made me very happy . Grand Central is a block away and is awesome ! I would definitely stay there again !
