3	What a treat!  This Western themed restaurant is as hokey as it gets.  We went to Rustler's Rooste for a rehearsal dinner and the set-up outside was pretty cool with city views.  Between the rattlesnake appetizers, fried shrimp, bbq chicken and the many libations, we had good time.  The food was only mediocre, but the service was good and the tourist nature of the spot was entertaining.One plus for the family folks is that kids...LOTS of kids are welcome.  There is a fenced-in bull when you walk in and a slide with lots of screaming kiddos.  The prices are a little steep for the quality but it is a tourist trap, so be prepared.
3	Located up on a hill with an excellent view at dusk of planes circling for landing at the Phoenix airport, Rustler's Rooste is my choice for rattlesnake. Why? Because it comes with the snake's deep-fried SKELETON! I give it 3 stars because although it is a superb spot with unique food and even a slide (embarrassing or fun, you decide), the decor is overboard western kitsch. The hanging skins and taxidermied snakes are ummm...ok in smaller doses. Plainly put, it's not a vegan/vegetarian-friendly restaurant, but the rattlesnake was mouth-watering.
4	Rustler's Rooste is a great place to bring friends from somewhere else. 'Cuz Arizonan's will likely find the whole thing a bit over the top. But it's fun, offers live music, and is definitely not your run-of-the-mill chain restaurant. As other reviewers have said, the theme is strictly kitschy Old West. At least, what European tourists and Spaghetti Westerns think Old West is.
4	Wow if you want to go to a western restaurant that serves excellent food with a gorgeous scenery, this is the place.  Everywhere you look there was eye candy!  There are tons of rattlesnake souvenir's to purchase, the slide was a lot of fun going down (the menu tells you why they had one --  it was used as an escape route back in the days), the lights used pans, they used jars for cups, people dressed up, a band, your appetizer plate was a small aluminum plate, etc, and etc.  It was FANTASTIC!  :D This place is pricy and reservations are highly recommended at a weekend night.  The rattlesnake appetizer was good.  With the cucumber sauce, it.. tastes.. like... chicken, lol.  But I was brave and I tried it and I liked it!!  I highly recommend coming here for the experience and to try rattlesnake!! :)One side comment, the bull outside the restaurant needs a friend.  I think he's lonely.
3	Great place to see a sparkling city-lights view at night.  Also a great place to experience some (slightly hokey) western atmosphere.  I love bringing out-of-towners to this place as they feel like they got a "real southwesterny" experience.  Unfortunately, the food can be kinda hit-or-miss.  One night, all our entrees came out cold.  Another time, our steak was mostly fat, hardly any meat.  It is kinda pricey for what you get, but it's worth it if you want to show a visitor a good time.  The FRY BREAD makes it all worthwhile too.  Definitely call ahead for reservations on a weekend evening.
4	Family Fun All The Way!Was talking to a friend about this place earlier today. I still remember it from when I was 13 years old.  Right down to the souvenir boot glass that my aunt had her drink in and the metal slide.  This says one thing.  NOT A LOCAL hang but definitely a Kid friendly place that the little cowboys and girls will remember for years to come.Let's just say I ate the snake and it tasted like oily chicken.  WAAA!!! My skin crawls just thinking about it.Date Rating: N/A          (haven't been here since I was a kidPick up Scale: N/A        so I have no idea how to rate this one)Strong Suggestions:  Just go down the slide. Don't be a wimp!
4	I think the ribs here are sooooo goodMake reservations, because it gets busy.Ask for a table by the window, because the view is greatThis is a definite place to take out of towners
4	You drive up and toss the keys to the valet while experiencing the heady mouth-watering aroma of cooking meat.Then as you walk up the trail to the front door your nose is assaulted with the other kind of meat: alive and pooping in a pen. Dang, that  bull had the biggest antlers I've ever seen - oh, like I know what  you call those pointy things. Upon entering you're offered a choice: stairs or slide. The 11 kids in our party uniformly opted for the slide. Over and over and over again. So did most of the moms. The 2 dads and one boyfriend all stuck with the stairs.The family style pork ribs were great. And can I have two of those delish Margies, rocks with salt, plskthx? Nummers.The establishment itself was gracious to the point of absurdity. We had a 5.30pm reservation for a party of 22. Due to bad traffic, getting lost, missing turns, and just general bad planning, half of us were 45 minutes late. On Valentine's Day, no less! And we were the early ones! The other half of us arrived another hour later. Half of those in our party were girls between the ages of 6 and 14 and no one batted an eye. (And yes, now you all know how pitiful my life is that I spent Valentine's Day with a giant group of kids.)The band was excellent. The dancing was fun to watch but I'd never participate due to my 17 left feet. The only thing I'd change were the gray mealy beans.Great place to greet then eat your meat.
4	I love this place.  I'm originally from Montana - and sometimes the cowboy theme just calls my name.  I've been to the Saddle Ranch many times in L.A. on Sunset Blvd.  This place reminds me of the Saddle Ranch, but less pretentious and less party-party.  Good food...good times...good view.  4 stars from me!!!
2	This restaurant give me a profound case of chronic eye-blech and the only cure for this is severe eye-rolling.It makes me feel silly being in here, the corniness of the grounds, down to the "slide" into the restaurant and the token longhorn out front.  Its one of those places that you smile at your company and pretend that the BBQ ribs are delicious and not massively fatty as if the steer was fed in the corn varietal Cap'n Crunch.I feel slightly embarrassed as a Phoenician that THIS is the place they choose to host the participants of the Valley bowl games, as it does not represent the authenticity of the gorgeous valley cuisine.  It's beginner Texas Bar-B-Que, which, if its a style you're unfamiliar with, tastes adequate.  I'm not sure I even saw a pit or a smokehouse on the premises, so in retrospect, I would actually think about sticking with the chicken. But there ARE some positives to Rustler's Rooste.  The views are second to none for a Phoenix-area restaurant.  And they serve Shiner Bock on tap, into a mason jar, and down your gullet.  Their happy hour specials seem really good, and you know, when discussing the matter of your middle-aged co-workers in Friday jeans and hair buns, The Rooste's thematics actually works in a charming way.  As a bonus, you actually get to avoid the throngs of MidWesterners and their children during this time of the day.Overall, this place is a very uncreative knock-off of Cattleman's Steakhouse in Fabens, Texas.
3	As a non native to Phoenix, this place strikes me as one of those restaurants - every city has at least one - that represents a slice of local flavor and history.Denver has Casa Bonita (don't try and disown it Denver, you know what I'm talkin' about) Boston has the Oyster House and others, New York has Sardi's and any number of other unique places.  I guess Phoenix has Rustler's Roost.They capture the old west, the cowboy mythos and gitsch all together in one location and pair it with decent food, friendly service and a great view of the city.I wouldn't dine here regularly but it is a good place to bring visitors.  They definitly get packed and there is not enough parking on the hill top so you may have a hike if they are really busy.
4	Yes, this place is tourist-ie and yes, you do smell the longhorn on the way into the restaurant, but, as a tourist in Phoenix, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience (and food).  I went there with my wife, in-laws and three 11 year olds.  The kids actually donned their menu (which converts into a longhorn crown-like hat) on their own and went down the slide several times.  All of it (including the fried rattlesnake) is a bit gimmicky, but the gimmicks worked on us.Their BBQ sauce was very smoky and savory.  I actually would have bought a bottle but forgot to do so before I left.  The rattlesnake tasted like chicken only tougher.  The steaks were cooked as-ordered (i.e., a medium rare = medium rare).  The service was good, and the kids loved having the balloon artist (he made a fire-breathing dragon, an armadillo and a sea turtle).  He was very personable and even provided a one-night warranty on blow-outs!  Of course, we had a nice view of the city, including a lightning storm. Was the food the best I've ever had, probably not, but the overall experience is definitely worth a trip.
4	I eaten here a few times and have always enjoyed my meal. This place grills a good steak, the bread that comes with you meal is really tasty and different. A must try is the rattlesnake..tastes like chicken.The atmosphere is fun and maybe a little overboard but in a good way. The magician here on the weekends is great so be sure to have him stop by your table his name is Flash.
3	It's true, there is a real bull and a slide. This place has been around forever, I think my parents used to go there back in the 70's. I can't say much about the food since I've only been here for happy hour, which was pretty decent. Their HH  included top shelf for 3 bucks and some cheap beers. They also have appetizers on the HH menu, sliders, quesadillas and potato skins, that sort of stuff.Pretty nice view and going during happy hour you can see all the people sitting in traffic on the 10 and cheers them from the balcony.
3	You know it aint gonna be no good if you see buses of tourists being herded in the place. Well, i was not "Disappointed" - Food was blah, drinks were overdone and service was just average. Apple pie was good, but that is about all. Only good for outtatown tourists.
3	I went here for my wife's work party. The atmosphere isn't really my bag of chips. But I would have loved this place when I was younger. The slide and the music. The views are great. I had the grilled swordfish and I was actually impressed, as good seafood is hard to come by in the desert. I don't think I would go here again unless is way paid for mainly cause it is really busy and just not the type of restaurant I like to spend money on. Its a great place for tourists.
3	Good fry bread.  I actually preferred it over the corn muffins that were also in the bread basket.  Salmon was ok, nothing to write home about.  Price-y menu for little young me who wouldn't be able to eat enough food to justify the pricetag.  I'd say the best thing about this place is the view!  The resort has other restaurants with better-tasting meals, so try the happy hour here, but grab lunch and dinner elsewhere.
3	Fantastic view!  Unusual experience.  Try the slide on your way into the restaurant.  :)  Be careful of the big long horn outside!  (Be careful not to miss him, that is!)  As a pesco vegetarian, I had worries about this place.  I was pleasantly surprised to find a veggie burger on the menu.  It came with some great toppings on it, which proved to be too much for me to eat all at one sitting.  The nachos on the appetizer list are also amazing, but too huge to be shared with less than three other people.  If you've got out-of-town guests in tow, definitely bring them here for the view and the cheesy southwestern dining experience.  I hear great things about the rattlesnake...
1	So, my husband and I have been in Arizona a little over a year and I've heard such great reviews for this place. So, for my husbands birthday I thought lets give it a shot. Well, the atmosphere was good,but that's it. The rolls and fry bread hard, the salad socked with dressing and not crisp and the chicken blah and lastly the steak would be better if I cooked it at home!! Nice view and atmosphere wish the food tasted better.
4	I can honestly say that I don't remember too much about the food, but the experience. Now that's a whole 'nother story. Picture this... I'm in Phoenix on a business trip at the Best Western HQ. So the owner of my company says that she heard about this restaurant that has a slide and she wants to try it out. Hmmm. A restaurant with a slide? Boss is paying. Hey, I'm coming, let me get my purse (for decoration only tonight). Well, after we driver to the end of the universe, we finally arrive. There are three in our party, including my crazy BGF co-worker. For those of you in the hotel biz, he's a night auditor, 'nuff said, you get the picture. Once we are seated (and the view is spectacular), we peruse the menu (oh, I ix nayed the slide. After seeing a heavy set lady with a dress on slide down and leave her booty juice.... again, nuff said). We looked over the menu and boss lady decides that we should try the fried rattlesnake and the Cowboy Platter. I'm game, remember, she's paying. Fried rattlesnake. What the he!! was I thinking? Must have been that quart sized drink I inhaled (remember, she's paying). Ok, what does it taste like? Popcorn chicken from KFC, over cooked. Again, nuff said. We're discussing the merits of Fried rattlesnake (that darn drink again) when we hear a commotion. Running across the restaurant like the kitchen is on fire, come 3 waiters. One has a triangle and is screaming at the top of their lungs. And the other two have this massive metal platter between them, held above their heads. They are all screaming and heading for us. I'm looking like an intoxicated (drink, boss, paying) deer in headlights as my auditory system catches up and sends the signal to my brain. "COWBOY SPECIAL, COWBOY SPECIAL, COWBOY SPECIAL" Oh great, now everyone in the restaurant is looking at our eclectic little group. My little Asian boss, dressed in flowers from head to toe with her $350 pumps, my BGF who is about 6"5, 400# and bald as an egg, and me, the fully intoxicated (Drink, Boss, Free) Korean American in her business suit. This platter had like 1/2 a cow, a chicken family and the 3 little pigs on it. I couldn't even begin to do it justice. It should have come with a warning. DO not eat for a week before ordering this special. Needless to say, I had an elephant bag to take with me after dinner (too much for a mere doggie). Oh and the piece de resistance? Why my boss convinced me (Booze. Free. Boss) that the free country line dancing on the patio for everyone to see would be just the thing. WRONG! No rhythm when I'm sober, so you know how this looked. Two left feet when I'm not drinking. You get the picture? One last time.....Drink. Free. Boss. "Nuff Said!
2	We ended up visiting this restaurant one day, after our barista at Starbucks mentioned how the patrons at her 'other job' weren't tipping well, forcing her to hold an alternate vocation at the coffee giant.So we show up later that evening.  Anyways, the decor is rustic but outdated.  The menu is limited, and you have no options."What do you mean by no options", you ask?What type of salad dressing would you like?  Ranch?  Not a fan of Ranch?  Are you sure?  Because that's all they have to serve with their cheap iceburg salad mix.  And to spice things up a bit, they throw in a few whole cherry tomatoes.And do you like corn on the cob, and diced sweet potatoes sauteed in butter and brown sugar?  I hope so, because that's all you gonna get.  Sound appetizing?  Sweet and buttery concoctions making their way across the plate toward  your meaty centerpiece.My wife ordered the 'Deputy' Prime Rib, which was the most un-flavorful piece of meat she recalls having, and the au-jus being just warmed beef broth, void of flavor.I ordered the 'Trail Hand' T-Bone, because I like T-Bones.  You should just call me 'T-Bone'.  Anyways, I asked them to serve it rare, because I had a hankering for a juicy cut of steak.  It was incredibly bland, and destitute of the juice I craved.  It wasn't dry.  More like a raw piece of steak.Wanting to salvage the evening, I scanned the dessert menu for a hidden gem.  Strike three.  The apple pie we chose was unanimously nominated for the worst ever.  The dough was either overkneaded, or cooked in a microwave.  Kind of stretchy.  A few bites into this, and we knew... prognosis negative.This review gets 2 stars, with one of those stars coming from the entertainment.  Yes, the one bright spot was the live music.  The band sounded great.This trip turned out to be a complete WASTE of money that would have been better served back at the Seattle Conglomerate.
4	Try this for out of town visitors :-)FunUniqueAmazing ViewKids luv the slide entranceGo for happy hr - reg. food prices not worth the value (or lack of it)
2	lets start with your parking choices. Valet up by the front door with the disabled parking or climb up the mountain from the bottom lot. Sounds bad but I was thankful for my Mom's disabled parking tag. I do have to give it props for atmosphere (do people give props anymore?) the view is great, the drinks were tasty (long island iced tea) and the staff mostly attractive. I ordered the prime rib, it has some fancy name for the size like "ranch hand" it was the 16 ouncer done medium well. It was done to perfection with the exception of the fact it was cold, visualize 16 oz slices of medium well prime rib sitting in a 90% oven waiting to be ordered. The veggies were piping hot and the baked beans were tasty. My mom later claimed that her chicken wasn't very good and my Dad liked his steak OK, but nothing to go back for. Since it was my Aunts B-Day we all just went with the flow (she thought she was paying). BBQ? There wasn't a smokey flavor to anything other than the beans, my Dad's steak didn't have any "BBQ" flavor. There was a "good" (is there good country music?) by good I mean talented, live country band that allowed a few very good guests to sing, while people scooted their boots, young and old. This was fun to watch. For the price, I would expect much better food. But if you go, go to have a good time, around folks also having a good time and don't expect the best food ever. P.S. don't be a wuss, and take the slide down to the dining area.
3	Good BBQ, nothing really exceptional or out of the ordinary.  The rattlesnake was interesting (to say I ate rattlesnake) but tasted like bland popcorn chicken.  Price was decent for portions you get.  Good place to take family and friends wanting the "Western" feel.
4	Great place!The Rooste is a SUPER fun place for kids and adults who still think they're kids. Think "Red Robin", with but better food, amazing upgrade of an atmosphere, and less germs.Definitely recommend having dinner here with a party ready to have some fun. It's a tastefully put together restaurant, ranch house style. Tables aren't too close together, the waiters are pretty efficient, and the foood is goooood. (This review is coming from a vegetarian, but still, great tasting FISH, tasty SALADS and excellent POTATOES). I heard the ribs were great from my neighbor at our table. Be prepared for loud noises coming from all corners of the building, live music sounding all around...and there's a slide to keep hyper kids busy while you eat!
3	Cool atmosphere! Awesome view from the top of a mountain overlooking Tempe. Inside has the decor of a barnhouse with wooden beams galore and a live country band. Cool place to take visitors from out of town. Food is ok~ Expect huge portions. When you 1st arrive they bring you a bread bowl filled or should I say overfilled with buttermilk biscuits and Indian fry bread, counted 4 biscuits and 6 fry breads just for my husband and I! The bread is really good. Of course you must order the steak at a place like this, and both of ours was ok. Platters come with a huge bowl of salad to share and cowboy beans.
3	Kitschy.  The view is spectacular.  The smell from the bull outside as you're walking in is not.  The bull totally fits the idea - setting the scene for the old west and showing you what you're about to be eating, but the smell is far from appetizing, particularly after the "rain."  I was taken off guard when the soft-spoken server mentioned the slide, and wasn't really in the mood to try it myself, but I did see some others give it a go later.We were promptly seated by the window, where we could get a good view of the guys who were lassoing the wooden calf out front.  It was charming to be served beer in Mason jars, even though the selection of draft beers could have been larger.  The fry bread we had while waiting for the rest of our party was good, though the chewiness indicated that it wasn't that fresh, but the cinnamon butter made up for it.  I opted for the Vaquero,a smaller steak served with cheese enchiladas.  The steak was decent, but the tortillas of the cheese enchiladas were quite chewy.  I think I should have opted for the filet, which my dining companions all got, and it came with green beans and corn.Would I go back?  Maybe if I had kids and was passing through town.  Otherwise, I'll be looking for somewhere with more focus on the food than the theme.
4	I didn't take in the full effect of this place, but I definitely would like to go back and do that. This was my first experience, and the first thing you notice is the amazing view. Being on a mountain, it provided great views of the city, over looked a golf course and was even nicer once the stars were out.It definitely had the Old West feel. Walking to the entrance I smelled and noticed the large bull outside. Ahhh Smells like Ohio...at least the part of Ohio I used to hang out in...Going into the restaurant felt like a mine shaft. Wood all around, except for the large jagged rock jutting from the wall on the left and walking up a rather steep inclined ramp. When I emerged at the top, it was really cool. I felt like I was in Paint Your Wagon...the bartender was very cool and pointed out they have free happy hour buffet apps until 6. They had potato skins, veggies and a guy was in the process of changing out ribs for little chimis...He gave me a few ribs before taking them away.Once my friend showed up, we grabbed a table that provided a good view. The drinks kept coming, and we ordered the appetizer sample that included somewhat rather skinny chicken wings, nachos, and fried mushrooms. The downstairs had people in the steakhouse...and the steak smelled wonderful! Upstairs in the bar was basically just me and my friend. The waitress came around about every 5 minutes because she had nothing else to do. Not good to be that dead on a Friday night. She ended up getting to go home early because it was so quiet.What would I do next time? Try the steak. As I said, it smelled great. Try the fried rattlesnake...never had it and I would rather bite one than have one bite me...try that big-ass slide that went from upstairs to downstairs...and after several drinks maybe join in the line dancing downstairs with the live band. I had a good time here, but there were definitely more to be had. I will give it another go-round in the future.
3	This place is located on a high mesa, so it provides the best view of downtown Phoenix.  Great for a meal with some rowdy party people as the atmosphere is lively.   Unfortunately, the food is just "okay".  The dining room is filled with "picnic tables" and the menu offers a decent variety of beef, chicken, and exotic foods.  The prices are a little high for the dining fare, but I suppose, you are paying for the view.  I've been there 3 times, and each time, I was satisfied.  Nothing spectacular and nothing disappointing.  Go there for the view--and try the Rattlesnake--it DOES taste like chicken!
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant while on vacation this Summer!  My family had its reunion in Phoenix and this was the location of our banquet.  We had a private banquet area outside where we were able to have a fashion show, dancing etc.  Now to the meal, we had a whole half of a chicken, a whole steak, corn on the cobb, baked beans, bread and cake! And it was all delicious.  It's a shame the amount of food that was probably wasted because people were getting steak and chicken just because they could.  If I'm ever in Arizona again I will definitely be back.  There was also a live bull outside!
3	The first time I ever went here (possibly three to four years ago) I thought the steak was the best I ever had.  This time, just average.  Background:  This is definately now a theme restaurant, complete with a slide, loud ambiance, smelly bull outside, all sitting on a hill with a great view.  My steak was good, not great, it was hard to hear my coworker inside, and it must have been everyone's birthday, there was a clatter each time.  I can recommend going here for a family, or for a group of people, it's very large inside.  It's not as special to me as the first time I visited.
3	This is a fun 3.5 Star family spot to have an enjoyable dinner. The view is spectacular and the live music is usually good. The food is pretty good, but not up to the ambiance or service. Nevertheless, this is an inexpensive meal (sub $30 for dinner), great for kids and also large groups. The steer in the front isn't shy and has no problem posing for pictures. There's rattlesnake on the menu as an appetizer.We have been going here  with each Phoenix visit for many years and we always have a great time.
2	Worst ribs I've ever paid money for. All caked up with god knows what and half fat.  They were all you can eat, so I should have been wary I suppose. Nice view, but nothing spectacular.Free cotton candy dessert, which was fun.
2	We have been here twice with a large family and we have had mixed experiences which led me to a lot of trouble with reviewing this restaurant.First of all, lets talk about the ambiance (because that is the reason you show up).  The view is spectacular.  The magician that shows up at the table is amusing and fun - kids love it.  Now the slide.  First time we showed up a year ago, my kids (4, 6 and 8) slid happily for an hour.  The second time there were new rules and a mean woman that yelled at my 30 pound daughter and made her cry (yes, I carried a child out of the rooste crying).  Food.  Well, its pretty bad - very fried.  The side salad and biscuit were decent.  Everything that followed was overpriced and nasty.  First of all, I had kids that didn't want the normal hot dog and chicken fingers kid's meal so I had to pay $3 for a meal share for each of them (really????).  The steak was not good.  The kid's spaghetti was sent back (and the butter noodles that replaced it were welcomed).They couldn't bring us the check quick enough and we are done with our annual trip there.
3	our company christmas dinner was held here. we don't eat meat. but thought it would be fun to meet some of our co-workers and mingle.this place was very cool. it's enormous inside and out. complete with wooden bridges, walkways suspended above the lower level, and even a slide! it has the redneck wood chips on the floor and the country music. even a real steer out front with huge horns. the interior is so cool with the real rock walls of south mountain incorporated into the restaurant. the outdoor areas are primarily for large groups and i didn't disappoint. stunning evening views over the valley, replete with fire pits to stay warm. in the chow line, the steaks and ribs smelled awesome, but they were kind enough to cook us up a veggie burger, which was ok. here's where the 3 stars comes in....it was a VEGGIE burger!!!! although we didn't pay for a single thing, we looked at the menu and they charge 15.95 for an el cheapo veggie burger! holy cow (no pun intended). cool place to take the family if they pay for it.....
4	Went to the Rooste for a Christmas Eve dinner among a small group (9) friends. I had never been. Had heard the name many times over the years when I had previously lived in Tempe. Been intimidated that by where it set that it was expensive and swanky. That's all a lie! It sets up high and has a wonderful view. It's not located where you are just strolling down the street and decided to pop in that is true. You wind through these grounds to the back of the property pass beautiful fountains and buildings until you come to the lite up restaurant. You can self park but why bother go for the valet. You pass a smelly ranch steer at the entry that is probably wondering why the hell its there as much as I was. Inside the door the smell escapes you immediately, thank goodness. You see some young sap making cotton candy and wonder what the heck have I arrived at. A few more steps and you see you are in a western theme establishment, by the overwhelming amount of raw wood beams and flooring. First stop the bar. It's a limited full bar and for this it losses a star. From the bar the view outside is great and you can look down and see the country music band playing (it was a band but I wouldn't book 'em) but hey they gave the place a little extra pulse. You see the staff in casual western gear also and you instantly know you're welcome in your jeans. Moments later our table was ready and half of us choose to take the slide down to the dining floor and the others took the steps. Hey I went for the slide! It was short and fast and another reason to come casually dressed. Our waitperson was a delightful and articulate young woman. We skipped the appetizers to leave room for dessert (next time I'll reverse that decision). The menu was very good. Several steak cuts, enchiladas, fried chicken, BBQ beef & pork ribs, Seafood, a burger, pork chops, most plates $15 - $20. While waiting for the salad course a magician name Flash comes up and asks if we'd like some magic that night (he works for tips). He went about his tricks and blew our minds! THIS GUY I WOULD HIGHER for an event. Never figured out how he did what he did but would love to see him doing it again and again. So if he comes by your table take him up on his offer of magic. The food arrives, the salad is good and fresh the main courses come and all are cooked to perfection. My medium rare T-Bone was actually medium rare for once! My steak was tender and taste fabulous. The food didn't hold it's heat well and they serve sweet potatoes or rice with the dishes rather than standard baked/mashed or fried Idaho's (extra charge for a standard potato - why? - Minus another 1/2 star). But over all it was a good meal. We barely had room for the dessert so we split a 9 layer chocolate fudge cake and another dessert among us. And we still had four or so layers of cake left to go home! It was so rich and such a huge slice no 3 people could have eaten the entire thing following a meal if they tried... 4 of us dug into this slice. All in all it its a great steakhouse. Prices lower than Lonestar and Steak portions (ounces) bigger for your money, plus a better all over food and appetizer menu by far. Oh yeah I'm a fan and will be returning again and again when I want a steakhouse to fill my steak cravings and a bit of entertaining to accompany the meal. I highly recommend Rustlers Rooste.
3	I have to say that this place is a novelty.  It brings us to a place of folklore and makes us want to brand something and sing by a campfire.  The fare is overall "ehh". I go out of my way to bring people like Shawn M there for two reasons.  First - Great View!  Second -  the cornball notion that I might actually get one of my guests to eat its featured rattlesnake!  To be clear, I have not taken a bite of the snake...nor will I.  But it would be neat to see one of my guests order it.This place is pricey for what it is, but the servers were kind and there was enough to listen to and dance to.  It is family friendly but not on the pocket but... you wont leave hungry and you'll really feel like you accomplished something since you need to enter just past a caged steer of some sort that seems to have been captured there for some time.
5	This place is fun and awesome. We had reservations for 6PM, but arrived at 4 for happy hour where we played shuffle board for almost 2 hours before we took our table. Some of the guys in our group even took the slide downstairs to our table. After our waitress took our order a cowboy came to our table and did a few magic tricks for us. Our food was amazing and portions were more than enough. I can not wait to return to Phoenix, because this will be one of my first places to return to.
3	Due to the fact that each time I am in town on business I get a room at the Arizona Grand, it was only a matter of time before I got to experience Rustler's Rooste.  "ehh" is a good way to describe this plae.  When the best part of dinner is the magician who does card tricks, I guess that tells you what you are paying for - it ain't the food.  We ordered the rattlesnake and zucchini sticks for apps, and they were average.  While we were eating, a funny magician stopped by our table and played a few tricks on us, and it gave us all a laugh and some old school entertainment.  I had the filet, and it came with, green beans and another side.  I have to say, my dad can cook a better filet than this place.  My steak was very bland, and didn't taste like the steak I was expecting.  Not for the price.  The portions were huge, and the experience was fun because we were in a large group.  Unfortunately, it wasn't due to the food.The view from the restaurant is amazing!  You look out over the city and out into the mountains, and it is very serrene.  They have live music, and even a slide that gets you down to the restaurant.  It's fun for kids and adults.  So, when the company is paying, take a trip to Rustler's Rooste - you'll be in for a good time.
1	Worst service I've ever had. Waited 60 mins for a table even though many tables sat vacant.  Even if they were waiting for a reservation, there was plenty of time to feed us before the reserved group showed up.   In the meantime, the  waitress we had at the bar had a melt down  after dropping  a tray of drinks--as a result, she never came back to the table. Only after threatening to leave were we given drinks and shown to a table. The steak was so tough you couldnt cut it with a fork, the Salmon was extremely fishy, and everything else was average and nothing special...band avg as well. Wasted three hours of my life I'll never get back.  Additionally, get ready for parents who love to use this place as a day care service...screaming kids running around unsupervised everywhere.   Seriously? Why do so many people come here?
5	I went to rustlers with my entire family last night for my grandparents 50th anniversary!! I am an arizona native and personally have never seen the place I call home look so pretty and almost big! I personally enjoyed the food we had a set menu and the food just kept coming out everything from their biscuts to the cotton candy was excellent. I thought it was never gonna end, everything was served family style but out of the 27 of us there not one of us had a single complaint, all of our main courses came out at the exact same time no complaints, we got the kids meals first which I found nice since kids can get restless in a place were your trying to actually dine! The casual attire is nice, kids love the slide, my daughter loved looking at the city lights also, workers are very hospitable all in all one of the nicest places I've been to and I would love to go again whether its for another family outing or just my husband and i. The only thing I would have a complaint about is the steep walking if you don't do valet and its defanitly not easy if you have to carry a seven month baby up hill so I recomend getting a babysitter for the tiny ones but two and older I would say your good to go!
3	Took mom to @rustlersrooste for Mother's Day BrunchProbably won't go back for a buffet any time soon.We were seated on the patio. Nice view today, neglible smog impediment. Misters, and a nice occasional breeze, kept us quite comfortable.The buffet had a decent selection of items, including roast beef, roast ham, waffles, eggs, bacon, sausage, Eggs Diablo, fajitas, spanish rice, etc.Let me just say that the Eggs Diablo was delicious!Moving on to everything else;The bacon was overcooked, to the point of being almost blackThe biscuits for the biscuits and gravy were a bit dry, and the gravy was sweet. I have no idea whose idea that was, but it most certainly doesn't work.The wafflse station had cream cheese, strawberries, I believe cherries, and cinammon-backed apples. The apples were superb! Perfect consistency of slightly tender but not mushy, and VERY flavorful. The strawberries should have been capped, or at least cored, but they were tasty, and did not appear to have been sitting for a long period of time.The beef fajitas had no spiciness at all. It was the blandest fajitas I have ever tasted.The roast beef was cooked properly but was also blandThe selection of desserts looked visually appealing, but all those I tasted gave the impression that they were purchased off-site and delivered, not prepared fresh on-site. Of the desserts and the entree selections, nothing stood out, except the oatmeal cranberry cookies, which stood out for being hockey-puck hard.The server was attentive, if only barely. I gave her a bit of a break, however, as it seemed that we were the only table she had on the patio. (Not the only people sitting on the patio, only people she was responsible for)Given the price, I expect better quality, but I suppose perhaps I shouldn't, given the reality that rustlers is a cowboy steakhouse. Having eaten there in the past, I can attest to the quality of the western/cowboy type meals they serve.I will visit Rustler's Rooste again, if only for the joy of seeing my daughters enjoy the slide, and the view, and some good cofort food.But I will not likely return for their buffets, and I would not likely recommend anyone visit them for a buffet.
2	The only draw here is the view of the city lights.  I used to kiss the boys here in the parking lot during college, but now that I can pay to eat here... it ain't all that.  The music is way too loud, we could not talk or hear each other with a group of 8.  And you definitely get 'tourist' feel, especially when you see the buses pull up... though luckily they seat them in an adjoining room away from view.Get the cutesy steer horn paper hat from the hostess, it was sort of the highlight for our table.  That said, 'nuff said.
4	We had our company party here last night and had a blast!  The view is second to none and the atmosphere was great!  We were in the outdoor, covered pavilion and had a great buffet dinner of steak, bbq chhicken, beans and corn.  I would recommend this place as a true AZ experience.
4	Went here for the first time last week for a double birthday and I have to say I was a little weirded out at first, but kudos to the atmosphere. Since we all had never been, we decided to get the Cowboy something or other and for $20 a head, man was there a lot of food! I highly recommend getting this if it's your first time because you get to sample pretty much everything they have to offer. I now know the next time I come here I'll be ordering the delish ribs. They just melt in your mouth!!!
4	We arrived at 5:00 pm for our reservation and were seated immediately The kids immediately donned the longhorn hats. Mr. Bobby was our server and he was great!  He spoiled our birthday group and played along with all the jokes.  Great-grandma was ready to take him home with us!The restaurant is definitely great for families!  With the live Longhorn, waterfall, wooden bridges and of course the SLIDE! We had a blast as well as a great meal. We started with the rattlesnake appetizer, drinks and fry bread. Our table enjoyed the biggest cut of prime rib, hot wings, fillet, pasta, chicken fingers and ribs. Talk about stuffed!We celebrated two birthdays with the giant eclair!  They clanged the dinner bell and announced to everyone as well invited them to sing along!If you have kids and live in Phoenix, this is a must!  Traveling to Phoenix for vacation, make it a point to enjoy the Rooste's Hospitality!
4	My wife has never been here before so I figured it was about time.  Every Phoenician should go here at least once.  So, last Friday night as a monsoon was "supposed" to roll in, we decided to pay the Rooste a visit.The parking lot at the top was full so we parked at the bottom.  I wouldn't have minded the walk up but they have a shuttle that will take you so that was nice.  I guess the best way to describe this place is a big western saloon with an awesome view of the city.  Maybe "saloon" doesn't do it much justice but it is all I could think of.  It is just very westerny.The place was pretty packed but we didn't mind because it would give us time to check out the place and maybe sit at the bar and get an ice cold Shiner that is on tap.  Well we tried that while waiting for a table but it looked like there was only one bar tender getting drinks for the bar patrons as well as the entire waitstaff for all the tables in the place.  Oh well.  After a few minutes were were seated and yes, we both took the slide down.  Oh, there was also a live band playing some country music and it was pretty good and not overly loud.  If I had a couple more drinks in my I probably would have tried to dance country style. Our waiter was very nice but some things took forever because the poor guy had like 17 tables.  I don't understand why places can't hire more waitstaff.  I mean they work basically for tips and there are probably plenty of people wanting jobs so wtf?  Anyway, he was very nice and did the best job he could.I love the Indian fry bread and biscuits they give you to start.  I could eat that stuff all night.  They give you like 3 different kinds of butter and honey to play with so it doesn't get much better than that.My wife and I split the bone in rib eye and it was juicy, flavorful and delicious.  It was a bit fatty but that is how I like it.  My wife took the less marbled part so it all worked out.  With an entree you get a nice big salad, beans and corn.  It was all good and was plenty for 2 people.  I would definitely order the steak again but I think next time we are going to share some of their ribs.  I had them years ago and I remember them being very good.I know some people like it, especially the kids, but I don't like the random guys walking around making balloon animals and others doing magic tricks.  I try not to make eye contact with them so they don't come over because I just want to sit and enjoy my meal.Anyway, this place is pretty good and perfect to bring out-of-towners because it is very westerny and has a perfect view.  Kids also seem to love the balloon animals, magic, the slide, and the little paper bull horn hats they give them.  Also, when you go, I would recommend sharing your entree.  The amount of meat they give you is more than enough for 2 people. Although a monsoon didn't end up rolling in which would have been nice to watch up there, we had a good time anyway.
5	The food here is a solid 3.  But I'm giving them a 5 because of the following reasons: fried rattlesnake appetizer, an actual working slide from 2nd to 1st floor (how cool is that!), friendly staff, kids eat free, an absolutely huge steer by the entrance (you'd have to pay $5 at the OC fair to see this), and free cotton candy for the kids.
4	I'm welcomed by Horny, the most pampered bull in the Valley with his diva-like attitude. I walk in the doors and I'm immediately offered two options to get to my table: the quick route -- the ever-so-popular slide -- or the boring way -- the stairs. The six year-old child in me screams "take the slide you coward!!" OK, what the hay right? After I've recovered, I walk through sawdust lined wooden floors on my way to my seat. During my journey, I pass by a live band playing on the stage, the energetic waitstaff teaching visitors how to two-step, a magician mystifying the crowd, a photo prop inviting me to be a plump cowgirl and stuffed rattlesnakes peering at me from their containers. You have just re-visited many, many of my nights throughout my life at Rustler's Rooste. Rustler's Rooste is a classic and a must-visit if you're in town vacationing, you want to throw a party or you simply want to make it a cowboy adventure of a night out on the town. I've been coming here since I could barely walk. As a child, I rarely left the slide area and would join the group of other children waiting in line to go up and down the slide the entire night while the grown-ups ate. Place a slide in a restaurant and it's endless hours of childhood fun. The food is good and hearty. From flavorful BBQ chicken to tender ribs to juicy steak, I never leave hungry. Oh did someone say rattlesnake? Well yes, yes they do happen to serve that southwestern delicacy, but only if you're really in the mood for an adventure. I normally stick with the basics. I've been to several events at Rustler's Rooste, including one of my favorites in the main ballroom equipped with long picnic tables and a stage for live music. Plus, the entire restaurant is situated on the rim of South Mountain and has spectacular views of the valley. Go during sunset. It's a romantic must. As if the night couldn't possibly get more fun, they now serve cotton candy to all the guests at the end of the meal. The child in me screams with happiness every time I enter Rustler's Rooste and the adult in me loves that this is one of the only remaining restaurants where you can walk in and receive the true southwest experience. And even though I live in AZ, I absolutely love it when I visit and receive the reminder from Rustler's Rooste just how authentic and special AZ is, especially with gems like Rustler's Rooste!
2	I was taken to this restaurant as a "must see" place during a business trip. The first 5 seconds of the experience was negative as I was very put off by the poor cow that was eating grass heartily by the entrance to this steak house. The restaurant was a good size but finding a table didn't require a reservation on a Monday night around 8:30. Also, if you don't like kids, this should be the last place for a choice of dining for you. There was a slide *in* the restaurant. A mob of kids were screaming and running around wild when we came in.We got a seat by the window, which had a beautiful view of downtown Phoenix. But the service was painfully slow. We had to look around and flag down a server... any server everytime... from ordering to a refill to asking for the check... One look at the menu.. and again, I was disgusted with the "fried rattle snake" listed under appetizers. The food was "eh", but not great. Oh and they had a live county music band...which added to the deafening noise from the kids.The exit was separate from the entrance so the jury is still out on whether the cow was still up and eating by the time we left. Not to mention the gross display of dead rattlesnakes on the right side of the exit.If you don't mind seeing your meal alive before you sit down... or better yet, seeing dead snakes around, I still say go at least once.. just for the bizarre experience..
4	Rustler's Roost - yeah I gotta love ya! Been around for awhile and you always take care of me! The food might not be totally great but everything else makes up for it. The view is amazing, the staff is great, the slide is super fun, and an all around great time. I have been here several times in my 25 year stay in AZ and always new memories. Many times as a kid with the folks, you know I went down that slide like a million times.... dad made me get off cuz it was time to eat. Dang it! Then in more recent years I have been for some work functions. They have a great patio that holds like 500 people or something like that. We had a charity event with dancing, food, bar, auction and mingling.... went off without a hitch. I would defiantly recommend this place for any corp or work function you might have. Book it early though, they fill up fast! Outside the main restaurant they have a great view of the city on their huge patio with a great fireplace. I will be back for sure when it gets cooler outside. You should too! and don't forget your boots for some boot scootin and boogie-in!
4	What a great place to take an out-of-towner. The view is amazing. The Rooste has been family owned since 1971 and alot of the staff is family. They all do a great job keeping you entertained too. I cannot comment on the food but the staff and building/view are great.
4	I had a nice time here with some friends that were in town visiting. My Buddy "House" use to work here 25 years ago, on the way in he recognized the singer in the "House Band".  The place was busy, Horny the Bull was out in front, and we were seated right away as we had a reservation. We slid down the slid, and then were escorted to our table. We were in a Huge Booth that overlooked the Valley of the Sun! What a Gorgeous View at night! We all ordered drinks and they were brought right away. Of course we had to order the Rattlesnake, wings, and nachos. The wings were soggy and not very good. They were called the "4 Alarm" wings...one would have thought they would have been hot. The nachos were just so so, good but not great. My Filet Mignon was perfect! No complaints here. Everyones elses meals were very good as well. We finished off the night out by the Fire-Pit with drinks and great conversation. A good time was had by all. It was blast from the past, as a lot of the pictures on the walls/restrooms upfront were from the 80's.
4	I seriously can't wait to take my parents here!!!  After the OYE, I called Mom to tell her about the slide.  The one that I didn't really make it down very well because my legs were sticky from the walk up the driveway.  Well, I got a ride, but it was still hot out.  I know.  Gross.  Whatever.The service here is suuuuuuuper friendly!  Everyone was really nice and seemed to be enjoying their jobs.The food I would say was OK.  Great variety, though not overly original.  Options for vegetarians, too.I'll definitely be back a LOT.  My stepdad is gonna love this place!!
4	Don't you wish your girlfriend was Elite like me? Because if she was, she would have taken you to the OYE which would remind you how awesome and AZ Authentic this place actually is! Rustler's Rooste is THEE place to take out of town guests who need a little wild, wild west.After attending the last Elite event, I came back a week later for the full Rustler's Rooste experience outside of the hosted event. It was a Wednesday and the place was filled with energy; the tables surrounding the band and dance floor were full of European visitors.The sun started to set over the Valley as we enjoyed the best fried mushrooms the valley has to offer. The view from the restaurant is unbeatable. Atmosphere and view (and FRIENDLY service) is what gives Rustler's Rooste its 5 stars.However, the fun truly begin when our dinner arrived. Yes, the Filet Mignon was great, but watching the foreigners learn to line dance was priceless. As we dined and watched, I couldn't help but think about the 'Arizona' experiences these visitors were having - and how something so simple to us very well could be the highlight of their U.S. adventure! Some even had dressed for the occasion with bandannas and cowboy hats. Adorable. As the beer and wine kept flowing the visitors got more brave and started dancing their own mixed version of the 2-step. What a spectacle!The food fits the atmosphere. It's not fine dining with foams and porcini dust - but - considering the old barn feel, sawdust on the floor, music/band, slide, bull at the entrance (p.s. I also love the new cotton candy in a tomato can touch) I'd say yes - rattlesnake does taste like chicken.Forget the out of town guests, I'm comin' back when I need a swift reminder of what the wild, wild west means to me!
4	First time here, some friends brought us here and we had a good time. The food was decent and the staff was very friendly. My only complaint would be the parking. There was a concert here and the line for that was extremely long and full of drunks ! They were blocking the handicapped parking spaces And reluctant to move so we could park. When we did get parked (2 of us are disabled and could not climb the hill) we were accosted by the drunks verbally. We had a nice meal and when we came out there were beer cans on my bumper and some idiot had placed a beer bottle behind the rear tire of my pickup. Great behavior for an adult ! My wife and I ordered the "Cowboy Stuff" platter and it was decent. I think next time we will stick with a steak though, they looked great and the platter we had was a bit lacking on actual meat. it was more veggies, potato's and filler. Look forward to returning and next time we'll make sure there is not an event going on so we don't have to deal with all of the drunks !
4	In my opinion, one of the neatest restaurants in the valley that doesn't get enough pub. Yeeeehaw!!Located on the top of a little hill in the middle of the Point, you get a great view of the valley. This is a Western style eatery, with a real bull sitting outside pretty much every night. Gives it the "authentic" smell i guess. When you enter, you can decide to choose the "fun" entrance, which is sliding down this slide instead of walking down the stairs! haha...I loved that, definitely makes you feel like a little kid again.There's a nice live band playing on most of the nights, so pretty lively place. When you get to your seat, it's in these traditional wood benches. Along the floor, you have the typical western style hay thrown about. Nice touch to it.Their menu selection is the classic Western food. If you are adventurous, I recommend trying the Deef Fried Rattlesnake as a starter. They actually serve the meat in a different portion and bring out the entire ribs of the snake, which is also deep fried. Meat is nothing too unique, just a tad bit chewy, however very neat presentation.The rest of the menu is pretty standard Western food: steak, beans, etc.After a hearty meal, I recommend standing outside the patio (when the weather is cooler) and enjoy the view of the valley.  If you are looking for really high quality food, you probably won't come here as the price is pretty steep for just decent western food. However, this place gets excellent ratings for the atmosphere. Perfect place to take any guests that visits the Valley for the first time.
5	Expect a long wait for a table on weekends- but it's so worth it! You can hang in the bar while you wait.  If you have to park in the bottom parking lot= just wait for the shuttle because it's a steep climb up.  SHINER BOCK on tap!!!!!!!!!!!!! served in mason jars. First you get a big basket of fry bread with cinnamon butter. Don't bother with the rattlesnake app- unless you have $20 to burn. Then you get a huge bowl of house salad. It's very addicting due to the saturation of ranch dressing. Steak and enchiladas were phenomenal. Very fun atmosphere- go ahead and get loud. Never had so much fun at a restaurant before
4	If you like meat,  and a bit of fun, this place can't be beat. Perched on its own hill, a live (and huge) Longhorn Bull corralled outside, grilled steaks, rattlesnake meat and a slide down into the restaurant with a great view.
2	It's so sad that I have to give this place two stars because of the service. I have never been or even heard of this place till I Googled family friendly restaurants. I saw that you can enter the restaurant on a slide and knew it was a go because the kids would dig that. We walk up and pass a huge stinky cow or ginormous something in the front. Kids were loving it. We walk up to the hostess stand and there are 3 hostesses and a manager standing there. One of them is blowing her nose into a napkin very loudly the whole time we stand there. Um.....aren't there bathrooms for that? My stomach did tiny somersaults of protest. We sit down and our server just sucked. She completely ruined my experience. The view is freaking amazing,. You can see the whole valley. It could have been my little hidden date gem but even that is not enough to lure me back. The server was rude to both my mother and I. She never told us about the specials, she never asked if I wanted my soft drink refilled, she never asked if I wanted dessert....she just plain sucked. Bland, slow, no personality. Then I had to hear her complain that the manager wouldn't give her Christmas off and how some other guy got it off claiming he was visiting family but his family is here etc................Dude! Take it to the kitchen! The food was good......I had the Fillet, mom - T-Bone. The steaks were cooked perfectly.....the bread was good with the pumpkin butter, not a big fan of the green beans and beans. After the nose blowing and attitude, I can't see any super compelling reason to return, even the sparkly city views. :(
5	Sing it one more time Bo Brooks! :) Cause got friends in low places,where the whiskey drowns (with my ginger ale)and the beer (in jugs) chases my blues away,but I'll be okay Now I'm not big on social places (yeahhhh right!)think I'll slip on to the Rustler's RoosteOh I got friends, in great places! (my prime rib was fat and yummy!)I guess I was right this place I belongand yes I will return, cause everythings alright, (and scenic I might add)and I can't say goodnight, and I'll show myself to the dance floor, (live band awesome!)Hey I did mean to cause a big scene, (my two step ain't all that :( )just give me more than an hour and then, I'll be as high as South Mountain and you'll always know!!!
2	Used to love this place with the good food and amazing views but the service truly sucks now. We waited nearly 30 minutes before I finally flagged a waitress down to find out who our server was - she simply sneered and said "well it's not me honey!" That was enough for us to leave and never return. Too bad, I kind of miss the place.
4	This was our 2nd visit to The Rooste and I was not disappointed (for the 2nd time).  I look forward to seeing Horney on the way in and this time took the slide down to the table. We got there right after it opened on a Monday so we got in right away and didn't have to wait long for our meal either. The magician guy was pretty fun and he totally still has me wondering how he switched the coin I was holding with the one he was holding without touching me. I even studied it after the trick and it really was the opposite coin. Crazy!Our server was Kevin and he was really attentive and down to earth. I ordered the filet (got the same last time) and it was absolutely amazing. Very tender and flavorful. I didn't even use steak sauce which I normally do when eating steak.  I forget which cut my boyfriend got but he did enjoy his as well.  We got green beans and a corn on the cob on the side and we ordered a side of mashed taters which for the 1.79 it cost, was way larger than expected. Although the sides were kind of average, the steak itself is what made us come back for more.  At the end you get cotton candy! I love it! The ambiance of the place is really rustic and very country. There is a live band that plays there every night I'm guessing (they played both times we've been) and it was actually the same band as last time because I remembered the lead singer looking like Greg Brady, lol.  The attentiveness was different than the first time we came in (it was a Saturday night) so maybe it had to do with the place not being packed, but maybe not.  I suppose we'll find out next time!We were seated right next to the window so we got a beautiful view of the valley. Awesome!I would totally recommend this place to everyone to try at least once.
5	Every time I go to Rustler's Rooste I have a foot stomping good time. The best time to get to the restaurant is right before sunset. Luckily the last couple of times I've been there I had a window seat. I love going on Fridays because it's a great way to wind down from the work week. I brought my college aged sons last time for their first rodeo at Rustlers (just moved here last summer). They had a blast. They didn't seem to be too impressed with Horny The Bull but did enjoy sliding down the slide to get to the dining room. I did enjoy the $4 mason jars of Shiner Bock. We also were wowed by the magician's sleight of hand. On top of that there is also a live band playing; As you are free to two step the night away.Now on to the main course, my boys ordered the All You Can Eat Beef Ribs for $16.99. And it did not disappoint, a heaping plateful of man food was served. They throughly enjoyed the ribs. I had a taste and I will order the ribs next time. The ribs were so full and meaty that they never ordered a second plate. My Sirlion Steak was cooked to perfection. A tip for you sweet potato lovers out there is to work in the pumpkin butter into the potatoes, YUM (Pumpkin Butter is served with the rolls).Rustler's Rooste is noisy and busy. So don't be fashionably late and get there early enough to get a good seat. Also spend a couple of bucks on the valet at the top of the hill instead of waiting for the van to pick you up at the bottom of the hill. Remember to go outside and take in the panoramic views of the city, bring your camera. Prices are comparable to any area steak house. But you'll have a lot more fun in the process.
2	Hubby and I were in Phoenix and #1 daughter took us to Rustler's Rooste for Sunday night dinner.  I was not favorably impressed.The drive to the restaurant after dark is confusing and we got turned around more than once trying to get to the parking lot.  The upper lot with the handicapped spaces is much too cramped, especially when the trolley/bus is there.  A negative.Having the bull in a pen just outside the front entrance door was a turn-off for me.  Smelling bull s---- before I walked in the door did nothing to whet my appetite.  A real negative.The stairs are somewhat steep and I felt very vulnerable going down the stairs (no slide for this old lady).  A negative.  We were lucky enough to be seated at a table over looking the city.  The view is spectacular.  That was a positive.We waited for our server to arrive to take our orders.  We waited for our beverages to arrive.  We waited.  When our entrees were finally delivered to our table, they were put on a tray and left to sit for about 5 minutes before yet another server came to serve us.  It was pretty obvious that the plates had been allowed to sit for more than a minute under the lights in the kitchen, and adding the 5 minutes on the tray made for a steak that was only lukewarm.  A negative.My filet was tough and had a lot of gristle in it.   A negative. The beans were good, but I can't say I was impressed by the meal.  I took the largest part of my steak home for the next day, and when I got it into good light to slice for a sandwich, I found a thick streak of gristle through the middle, which pretty-much negated the idea of making a decent sandwich.  We had trouble finding someone to refill beverages, and we didn't see the same server at our table but twice--when she took our order and when she brought our check.  It was somewhat confusing to have to repeat our drink orders every time someone came to the table.  A negative.My feeling is that a restaurant of this calibre, at the prices they charge, shouldn't have to entertain its patrons with someone who is making balloon animals.  The almost-constant popping of balloons, along with the ambient noise, was a real negative for me.I've had a better meal at Texas Roadhouse!
4	I went to Rustler's Roost last night with some out of town guests.  The atmosphere and the rustic look to the place was definitely a plus and the views were amazing... I see why so many past reviewers said the sunset was to die for!We started off in the saloon for happy hour.  Discounted prices on their appetizers ($3 each) and a brewsky.  They serve all the adult beverages in mason jars which added a nice flair to the place.  The zucchini logs were to die for...  I was looking forward to dinner!I ordered the top sirloin that was "prime" that they had highlighted on the menu.  It came with homemade rolls/biscuits, family style salad for the table to share, green beans, beans (tasty!) and corn on the cob.  The steak was cooked perfectly (rare) but I didn't feel that it had too much flavor.  Don't get me wrong -- I still ate almost all of it!  My favorite part of the evening had to be the magician that came by our table.  He really was entertaining and had me mind boggled  in the 5 minutes he was at our table "tricking" us.  Definitely will be visiting the Rooste again!
4	Sealing Sean S.'s ratings system:Scale of 1-10 (single visit):Food   8*Drinks*   not ratedService   8Atmosphere   8Value  7I'd heard good things about Rustler's Rooste, so when my mother came to visit over the holidays, it was the perfect excuse to go.The view at night is fantastic and the restaurant itself definitely has a kitsch factor you don't find any more.We were seated without a wait, drinks, bread, and meals were delivered promptly, and our server checked in on us enough times so we didn't feel ignored, but she wasn't intrusive.  The cotton candy at the end was a fun surprise.My one nit pick is that the tables seem to be really undersized, and very close together.  So there literally wasn't enough room for main dishes, sides, the bread and our drinks, and we kept getting bumped into by people at the other tables as well as people walking by.  Maybe it was just a slow night, but it looked like they had plenty of room to take out a few tables, and make the remaining tables a bit bigger and space them a bit further apart.Overall, I'd go again, and I'd recommend taking friends and family from out of town there for dinner with a view.
1	1- Loud, had to be the loudest restaurant I have ever been to.2- Food, on par with Chili's or Applebee's, nothing special.3- Service, waiter was nice but very rushed and stressed.4- View, the view is excellent if you can get it.Personally I will not go back again.
5	Funnest dinner I've ever had in AZ, truly a destination restaurant :)
4	Well let me see where do I start.....well I guess I will start with the view. The establishment sits near South Mountain here in phoenix and I must tell you the view is simply breathtaking. There is plenty of outdoor seating and that is a must do if you visit this place because again the view of the city and the surrounding mountains are not to be missed. My wife's company IKON office solutions hosted there annual party for the employees here and it was first class all the way. The gave away tons of prizes....check the photos I posted.....and everyone was so friendly.This establishment is huge, which makes it great for hosting huge office parties like these. We had our own venue out back large enough to hold about 300 people or more and we still could move around. We didn't have to worry about disturbing other customers....because they were in the main dining hall of this establishment which is a throwback to the western days. There is live music and even an old school slide that you can ride down from the second level to the main eating level. There is also a huge steer out front as you come into the establishment....that's right a real life Texas steer....maybe not from Texas though....LOL.Now as for the food....well they served us BBQ chicken and ribs and I must say the Chicken was great....didn't try the ribs however....sorry....but my wife liked them. There were also baked beans...while not great...were not bad either. They also served homemade biscuits....corn on the cob...and there was a great garden salad as well. There was an open bar  for everyone to enjoy.....and I must say again the service....atmosphere...staff....food presentation....and ambience of this establishment were top notch.WARNING......WARNING.....WARNING....be advised that the parking here can be very bad. There is very limited parking on the "Main Hill" i will call it....right in front of the restaurant. There is plenty of parking "Down Hill"....which means you have to walk back up to reach the establishment....and trust me that is more than a notion folks. If your not in fairly good shape I recommend letting them valet park your car which is free....but tips are accepted....and you may have to wait awhile for you car when your ready to leave because they are pretty busy.The other option is taking there shuttle bus....but you may be waiting for it as well. Since I am in pretty good shape I just walked back up the hill...but I would not advise that. Just wanted to put that out there because this city and state has a lot of elderly people and I would hate for them to come to this establishment and face this problem. So if your even in the mood for a little western adventure and great southwest cuisine visit rustler's Rooste and as always Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Arrived at 4 with the fam for cocktails. Its a little confusing where you wait until the kitchen opens, but the servers were super polite and helpful when asked, and I can only imagine they direct traffic about 30 million times a night. 5 stars for prickly pear margaritas, real lime traditionals, and free shuffleboard. I let the bartender: 'Fire' know it was my birthday weekend and my family was anxious about getting a 'good' table and he was kind enough to take pity on us and put our name on the reservations list even though it was a little late for that. A+! The slide...its cool! Not sure why parents let their kids play on it like we're at chucky cheese but whatevs....did I mention the margaritas?? :) Dinner was delish and served family style. Youre basically picking a meat. Band started and that was neat...a real experience for my out of towners. Servers were friendly and they sang and gave me a cowboy hat and a giant eclair for my B'Day. I love cheese! We will definitely be back. We felt welcome and the view was enthralling.
4	Any place where I can ride a slide to my table AND get to eat BBQ is already ahead of the game.  Great views of the city, and an overall friendly staff, and an overall enjoyable dining experience.
4	If you are looking for a fun place to go, this is it.  Absolutely beautiful view of the city. Get there early if you want a table by the window because this place is huge and it fills up.  You don't get dressed up to come (unless cowboy boots and jeans is dressed up) and you have a good time.  Entertainment starting early in the evening.  If you want a really good steak, go to a really good steak house.  Food is OK but you come here for the fun.  Priced right and worth the visit.
4	Great country casual atmosphere
1	When the bread basket arrived filled with hot, flakey, tender, and tasty biscuits, we had high hopes for the rest of our meal. Sadly, they ended up the best part. If you do go, expect a wonderful view of the city lights and a loud, lively environment, but don't come for the food. Biscuits: awesome - they deserve applause.Snake: too tough to chew. (Yes, we tried it.)Salad: swimming in the dressing and tomato was spongey.Potato Skins: cold and strange flavor.Ribs: they were not falling-off-the-bone. The steak knife could barely separate one rib from the other. They were lukewarm with ho-hum flavor.Corn: mushyGreen Beans: fineSurprise Cotton Candy: cute and sweetWe were looking forward to a great experience, but left feeling like the smell of the steer manure at the entrance should have been a premonition: The food stinks, too!
5	We were from out of town, and this was the best restaurant we hit all trip. The dining experience starts off with a quick hello to the huge cow outside the restaurant. Once inside, after checking in, you are guided to a slide you can go down to enter the downstairs/eating area of the restaurant. There's also stairs, but the slide was fun :) all the staff is dressed in cowboy attire, which is cool. We go an awesome table at the window with an awesome view. Our dinner started with a bang...1. bread/butter: they brought it out, Indian fry bread (which is SOO yummy) and biscuits, which are also great. there's a normal butter and a delicious cinnamon butter, or honey to top it off with. 2. salad! it had a lot of dressing but it was good. served family style 3. THEN we ordered... among my whole family, we were able to try a lot of foods.. I got the grilled chicken and I loved it! bbq'd to perfection with great sauce. the corn was great, and my family was all very happy with their meals too (ribs, shrimp, etc). overall awesome food. 4. finally they brought out complimentary cotton candy! it was funny to get, and you can't go wrong with cotton candy. just remember..- Come early or make reservations! (We tried to go on a Monday night during spring break, around 6:15 pm and there was a 45 minute wait. We made reservations for Thursday at 5:30 and it wasn't crowded, but I'd still say reservations are a safe bet, or arrive early!)- Parking will likely be full in the upper lot, unless you want valet parking, the lower lot is good. there's a shuttle that goes up and down too, but it's a quick and easy walk too. - It can be loud, if they have a band playing. Quirks we loved:- the cow outside- the slide- the views- the Indian fry bread- cinnamon butter- the cotton candy Overall it was an awesome experience and had super BBQ. Great family restaurant, fun time, amazing view... loved it all!
5	Love Rustler's Rooste - the first place I take any out of town guests.  The experience from beginning (entering via slide) to end (cotton candy any one?) is not to be missed.  You can leave with your very own rattlesnake head key chain!The food is great - started with potato skins (YUM!) and had a steak.  Friends had the burger -- it is gigantic and well should be for $15.  Try and get one of the circular booths - great views!The kids club is a great deal if you'll be returning anytime in the year.  It costs $6 (the price of the kids meal) and the perk is that you get free kids meals for the rest of the year (and 1/2 off any other kids food.)I'd give the food a 3.5 - 4, but the ambience and uniqueness of the place (rattlesnake appetizer!) compels me to award it 5 stars :-)
2	Ugh... Why do people keep dragging me here? When eighty percent of your menu is fried food, and it all comes out dry or over breaded, you've got a problem. And those big bad steaks they serve are so underwhelmingly boring that it's a joke. And that "spectacular" view isn't even that good! Nothing compared to the view at Compass Grill, which is pretty close to the same price. Goodness. One star for the only good things I've tried so far, the free bread and free cotton candy, and another star for having a slide. I'm sick of this place.
2	Oh Rustler's Rooste.  What can I say?  Well it got 2 stars because of its location.  It sits nice and high on top of the hill and you get a fantastic sunset from up here.  You can see all of Tempe and Phoenix.  Although, you should come here with your car and look a the view and THEN LEAVE.We went here because we heard it was a nice steakhouse and wanted to have a nice place because family was in town.  We walked in the door and it was a kid friendly place with a slide and straw thrown all over the floor and arcade games.  What a weird atmosphere.  They should replace this with something a little nicer and they could charge a fortune for the location.  If you have kids, consider going here, and then don't actually make a trip here.
2	Food sucked. But atmosphere was great with the many people we were with.
4	Great value, staff, and atmosphere. Not into country music, but they play danceable music, fun for the whole family. We asked for a table by the windows to see the beautiful view of the valley and the manager made sure we got a nice table, even with a busy night.Looks like a great place to bring the kids, and mommy was happy as well with nice margaritas, and free cotton candy! Even noticed a "ballon man" walking to tables with kids and making fun ballons for them..By sure to say hello to Horney The Bull by the front door, and close your nose if you are not used to the smell! (you can't smell anything inside)We had the "Cowboy Stuff" for 2 and it was a whole oven pan full with food, easily ehough for 3..
4	*** oops, didn't see that I had previously reviewed this place, so sorry if it sounds repetitious***Went there the other night with family visiting from out of town.  This is definitely the go to place to take visitors and has been for a long time.  Being a near native, I practically grew up here and it is still a wonderful experience.The food is just okay in my opinion but the ambience and view more than make up for it.  On our last visit, we started with the potato skins.  They make the best I've ever had.  Perfection.I had the big burger and it was just that - big.  I made it through half of it before calling it quits.Very cute that they give complimentary cotton candy at the the end of the meal and the kids loved getting balloon butterflies. Loved that we could go outside, relax and visit with family at the end of the night.Our visitors always end up leaving with one of the $35 rattlesnake head keychains.  Pretty unique from where they're from.
2	Rustler's Rooste is a venerable Phoenix tradition.Many people have come here and had a great time.I last came here for an event with former students from my college, so my experience is probably atypical.Our event was part update on whats happening on campus, part memorial, and quite traditional.  We do it every year.  This was perhaps, the wrong venue for us.  We did not have the solemn atmosphere that the memorial part of the event demands, and the other groups around us were having so much fun that I could barely hear the speaker.No wait staff were required for our group, so I can't tell what service might be like as a regular diner.  Our meal was a buffet style bbq chicken dinner, which I probably would avoid if I could. It was a bit overdone, to the point where it may have been better to skip the chick half and make do with the beans (bland), corn (waterlogged cobbettes), rolls (good for crumbs, but not much else), and the afterthought salad.If I didn't know that much of my fee was going to scholarships, I'd think that I got ripped off.
1	If you're looking for a cold beer and appetizers this is the place. Plenty of ambiance in this old west facsimile, but stop there.Ok, maybe impress your  out of town friends with the rattlesnake, but dont go any further.Our meal was atrocious!The "family" style salad provided us each a generous single leaf of lettuce and an entire cherry tomatoe...no refills!The bread basket boasted of Indian fry bread on the menu, this however looked more like a turd of some sort, and tasteless to boot, (sorry about the pun).When I ordered up my bone in ribeye, I asked for it Pittsburgh style, the server had never heard the term. (And she wasnt new in the job)I had visions of a thick cut (it did say 20 oz.) of well done prime rib steak. What I got was a tepid piece of meat that was at least 8 inches in diameter and only about 3/4 inch thick, full of fat and, due to it being served almost lukewarm, the fat was beginning to solidify.In their defense, the green beans were tasty, but I had to wait for our party of 7 to finish eating before making my rounds, inquiring, "Are you going to eat your beans?"Yes, I managed to make a meal out of the green beans, since that was the only good thing on the menu.When we left, I noticed 3 tour buses in the parking lot with what appeared to be out-of-towners lining up at the entrance. I can only deduce that this place is still in business because of its promise of old-west lore and the charm that goes with the scenery and view.I will never repeat this horrid experience.Oh, I did give it one star due to our extremely pleasant young server who was all too anxious to please...but God help her, even she couldnt fix this mess!
5	Love going here.  Great atmosphere and great food and a dance floor.  Had a wedding reception here and it was on the outside patio in back....Was a lot of fun and cant wait to go back.
5	They have a steer named Horny. Seriously, a live long horn just chilling outside the restaurant. I am not sure if this is a beef freshness indicator or just for the kids, but it is a cool touch nonetheless. The view of the sunset was fabulous. This place screams rustic wild west while yielding gourmet five star fare. Thank you for a fantastic finale to our work trip.
2	This place gets two stars because of the view. I was visiting from out of town and was brought here by some locals. We had a reservation for 8pm.  We did not get seated till 8:35pm with no apology. When we were be walked to our table we saw lots of empty tables so not sure why we were made to wait. The food is quite mediocre. My med. rare tbone was sent back the first time as it was cooked med well. It was also the thinest tbone i have ever seen. I guess I shouldnt have expected better since it is a tourist trap but cmon, the food should at least taste good.
4	Old AZ brought to life in a barn. Great food, live band and a metal slide to entertain the kids! Fun relaxed pace, felt like we were in Texas.
3	Food is average. Ambiance is interesting if touristy....live music is a bit too loud for the kids, but the casualness of the staff and the folks there is perfect for relaxing when you have kids. You don't have to worry much about the floor when there is sawdust covering it. I bet it is better as a date place, later at night, with dancing and drinking galore. Location is beautiful.The menu is difficult to read and could be much better designed. The steak I had was so-so. The kids' food was also so-so. But there was a lot of it. And the kids ate free. How can you complain about that? I couldn't enjoy the view much because the light of the window backlit the others in my party. I couldn't see my own kids or my husband. That's not an advantage when trying to cajole an 11, 7, and 3 year old to eat.
2	Ok...you're either gonna love it or leave it. Nice view, however, the smell of poop from the cattle on site as you enter is *not* very appetizing. The service was *very* attentive and I've got mad props for any server that can refill my martini in under 60 seconds!!! Bad news is that a place that is known for steak...should NOT serve one over cooked and under seasoned. (RNSG in my eyes) Still a fun environment and a good place to take out of towners that don't know the difference between Meh vs OK.
4	The view was great and getting there wasn't too difficult.  We got there right when it opened so there wasn't a wait and we got a good seat. There's a fair amount of kitsch here with the slide down to the main level and the over-the-top cowboy theme from the wait staff, decor, and even the menu, but that's what they're about!The food is pretty good quality.  You get the salad, biscuits/fry bread, beans, and then your main dish.  I had the ribs/filet medallions and the medallions were pretty good.  The ribs were overcooked and the sauce was a little sweet.  My friend had the bone-in ribeye and it was cooked properly and had great taste!  I'll have to lean toward the steak next time.  Staff was really good about recommendations, having a great attitude, and clearing the table.  The cotton candy was a nice finish to give you a good attitude as you left.  Definitely a good place for out-of-towners!
4	A bit of a tourist trap but hey this place is fun and has a great view.  At the entrance you are greeted by a Steer and then walk down a hallway that feels like a mine shaft.  Inside there is a slide for the kids, a large bar area for us adults, a stage for a band down below, and excellent views of Phoenix from the balcony.  The food here is average but its always fun coming with an out of town-er and ordering rattlesnake for an appetizer.  If I'm with locals, we come here strictly for for a drink out on the balcony or the free happy food that they have from time to time.
4	3x is the charm - slide in the resturant, good band, and to top it off, view of the valley as a major thunder & lighting storm rolled in!Its cliche, its goofy and you drink out of mason jars, but if you are looking for a bit of silly, I really enjoy it - I've been for drinks, with the family & on a date - all times were entertaining & the staff is friendly!
3	This is a great place to go if you are a big country fan, but not if you are looking for a good meal. Their food is just not the best, being somewhat tasteless. Also, the service is often slow, almost like an afterthought. All they do for birthdays is a thing of cotton candy- no cake or real dessert. On the other hand, the atmosphere is spot-on. It is especially great when they have a band. Basically, go here for the ambiance, not the food.
1	Unfortunately we did not get to actually eat.  While we waited for our table our children wanted to play on the slide.  While our daughter waited her TURN in line, the manager came through with a group of ADULTS.  The MANAGER physically moved our daughter out of his way and CUT in line with the adults.  I went to the reservation desk and complained.  We teach our kids they have to wait in line. It is common manners.  I was told the adults were out of town guests.  I would have to talk to the manager.  I spoke with the manager.  I explained that we teach our kids manners.  He told me essentially -- too bad these adults HAD to get through.  In the end, I was reprimanded by the manager for being rude because HE cut in line.  We never ate after waiting over an hour an a half.  Not only was this man condescending, he was mean and exemplified the epitome of incivility.
2	Worth checking out the view (and the slide) but everything -- from appetizers to drinks to entrees -- is drastically overpriced! If you have money to burn and are looking for kitsch, this is your spot. Otherwise, pick some place else...
5	I am a meat eater and I love anything juicy and fulfilling!!!!  I decided to wonder in, after a day basquing in the sun all day at the resorts waterpark.  the View is amazing, the smell of the damn cattle in front of the door, unpleasent.  But once you pass that, walk in thru a mine like entrance , almost upwards a tight shaft, then you are greeted my sweet gals that offer you to either walk down the stairs to your table, or slide down the slide.  I chose to slide down the slide, in short shorts..oooopssssies camel toe.  ;)  Old wood floors covered in sawdust and men in cowboy hats.  There is a live band playing while kids are dancing around having a blast.   The theme is working....  We have a great seat over looking central phoenix.  AMAZING!!!!! Geoff and I decided to order the HUGE SAMPLER which almost bascially has everything on the menu.  21.00 a person.  Great choice and damn I was full!!!!!!  I would actually love to take someone on a date here.....great atmosphere and positive energy!!!  Btw you have to try the snake!!! to die for!
4	This restaurant is a lot of fun and a great place to bring people who are visiting. We got the Cowboy Stuff and it was tasty. The salad and bread was great, the meat was all very good, the swordfish was flavorful, corn was perfect. And the cotton candy at the end was a nice cap to the end of a great meal.I just wish they had more side options, i.e. broccoli, asparagus, etc.
4	I don't know if there are words for how much fun this place is, so I'll just give a quick rundown of the evening of awesome. We had to park in the bottom of the hill parking lot but they have a shuttle that we didn't take. Take the shuttle if you aren't wearing sneakers.  We showed up (6 of us) around 7 and were told it would be an hour wait.  After 15 minutes they had a booth for us. We walked past the live cow and got to take the slide downstairs. The hostess waited for us at the bottom of the slide. It was a booth that fit all 6 of us easily and we are not little petite people. The only drinks on the specialty menu had tequila but the das boote was recommended as a particularly girly drink. It is supposed to taste like melon but it tasted like Jello and came out on fire and you get to keep the boot glass! We ordered rattlesnake as an appetizer and it tasted like fried whitefish. It came with the snake's spine?4 of us ordered the Cowboy Stuff where you get everything for $22. Then the balloon man Frank came to the table. Even though we were all adults he made us balloon animals. He was fantastic! I got a giraffe with a different colored mane. My friends and BF got a T-rex, a monkey with banana and a motorcycle. I went outside to get a close up of the views and by the time I got back  our table was filled up with cowboy stuff. The sauce on the meat was delicious and the seafood was well cooked as in tasty. The potatoes made me feel as if I had died and gone to carb heaven. The beans were bland and the pineapple coleslaw disturbing but if that's the worst I can say about a place is that two of their sides weren't my favorite then I think it's all right. My friends that didn't order cowboy stuff got ribs. Deliciously tangy sauce with a little bit of heat.I was originally terrified by the idea of their live band as usually those are so loud you can't hold a conversation but they had their own section and rocked out.There were a lot of kids around but none I would consider obnoxious. They seemed to burn off their over-stimulation riding down the slide and going up the stairs again. Our server was incredibly fast and somehow managed to see our drink glasses  through all of the stuff on the table and keep them filled.Basically it was fun enough we plan to come back within a month to celebrate a friend's birthday with a giant hat and an eclair the size of her head. Well worth it and the views from our table were incredible.
4	How many restaurants have a live bull walking around outside the restaurant?  This place is crazy and lively, without a doubt.  If you're taken to the dining area downstairs, you can forego the stairs and go down the slide.  Fun for the kiddies (and adults).  They have a baloon guy making animals, swords, hats, etc for free.The portions are HUGE!  Enough to share with 1 or 2 other people.The outside seating area is the perfect place to get a great view of Phoenix.
4	I took a few corporate colleagues from San Jose California here one night for dinner.  The food was good.  It was a bit loud though.
2	Ambience is perfect. Beautiful views and real country feel. The problem is the the food is marginal at best, actually the food sucks and it's way overpriced. $15 for a hamburger??? Are you freaking kidding me?!?
4	Great view of the city. Our food was very good. Had the filet and beef ribs. Service is very good. Tables are too small though.  The cotton candy after dinner was a great surprise.
2	I have to say that I'm glad I didn't have to pay for dinner. But the next time my boss is in town we'll go somewhere else.The appetizer was nothing fancy. Nachos with beef.  Not very flavorful or extravagent.  We both ordered steaks.  Any modification to the standard issue of sides was an additional cost or not available.  It reminded me of Black Angus.  Sure, it's a sight to see with the live bull outside and I'll bet the place rocks for the C&W crowd.  But steakwise I would suggest BobbyQ's everytime.  $100 dollar for dinner for 2 without alcohol.
2	Food is average, not at all a value for the price. My steak had almost no flavor. Service was average. The waitress wasn't as friendly as her cowboy hat and boots led me to believe she'd be, nor was she very attentive.They were mostly able to accommodate my food allergies.  The rice has butter, the corn is pre-buttered and for whatever reason I wasn't able to sub fries for my rice, but whatever.  The steamed veggies I had were good, and obviously way healthier than fries anyway.But this place earns its two stars based on the fun "extras": a slide that our kids loved, a kids menu that doubles as a hat that looks like bull horns, a guy that makes balloon animals, a band (that happened to play some of my fave Willie Nelson & Johnny Cash songs), and a spectacular view (really, all of this is where the money goes when you buy that $15 cheeseburger).A few final words about the bull at the entrance: Really, the last thing I want to see before I eat a meal of beef is a sad, lonely bull lying in a little pen that stanks of bullshit.
5	Fun family and good food!
4	Love this place and better yet, so did my kid!  Great food (there is a ton of it) and even better atmosphere.  Don't count on the service being that great but they aren't the ones hired to entertain you - they just pretty much bring you your food and drinks.
5	beef ribs were perfectly spicy and sweet.  the indian fried bread and biscuits with whipped cinnamon butter are great.  i loved the whipped butter served room temperature.
3	An interesting place to go. Cowboy theme all the way here! Beautiful settings around the structures around the outside of the restaurant. They have a smelly bull outside that looks cute and pointy.The entrance has quite an incline when you get inside.There is an option to go down the slide but it is mobbed by kids going down it and then climbing right back up the stairs. You will have to stake your claim because that line is fierce! :) The prime rib was good and the Melon Margarita was better then good.The Beef Nachos were AWESOME. I would get that for my meal and not miss a thing.The band that was playing was a great older country band that had people dancing. It was a relaxing country, not the put on stuff. Not that I'm a country fan but there is a difference from the country on crack(pop?) music and the older style. They have a very talented balloon guy that makes great swords, motorcycles, hats... etc.. for kids, for free.LOUD. VERY loud.  Lots of people, lots of kids!  Good place to take a group, call ahead.Cotton candy is served at the end whether you order it or not. It is free and I even tried some even though I swore I wouldn't. TLDR: Novelty spot.  LOUD. Worth the visit to try once to see if it is your thing.  MUST try the Shredded beef Nachos. I'm a fan of the Melon Margarita. The entrance has a steep incline when you go inside.
4	Now the last time I was at The Rooste, I was bedazzled in pink Hello Kitty cowboy hat taking home first prize. I think it was some kind of yelp sticker lol! And that's when I got the full flavor of this meaty, enormous yet charming country restaurant/bar/event facility/iconic Phoenix restaurant. We yelpers devoured the buffet and downed some free beer. This time, a little different...Let the sawdust fly!Picture this. South Mountain. Covered in careening white mini vans and large American cars. Children. Everywhere. Like Children of the Corn. Octogenarians with walkers complete with two yellow tennis balls. Parents scrambling to keep their brood in order. Teenagers glued to their smart phones, completely unaware of the reason for this holiday. The stealing of land from the Native Americans. Yep. We Americans sure know when to party.Picture this. Me. My mom and my dad. Two of the cutest things I've ever seen. Walking. Slowly. Navigating the "rustic" entrance to the restaurant. It's like they're trying to imitate Tim Conway. Me? Patient. Oh so patient. You see, I was psyched to have my folks all to myself. No cooking. No cleaning. But would the food be gross? Cafeteria-like? And the worst, cold?No. No. And no.From our warm biscuits and Indian flat bread to our entrees (we all chose turkey with all the fixins)...it was a fantastic meal for $20 a  head. Our server was efficient and delightful. If I remembered her name I would publicly apologize for my father's flirting. Heck. Maybe she liked it! She mentioned she was working from 9am to 9pm. God Bless her. Hope she's wearing sensible shoes. They were helpful with extras (can you say "More gravy please?") and with boxing up to go treats. We skipped dessert as I was serving pumpkin pie, chocolate coffee cake and coffee at my place.The window booth we had (thanks dad for calling ahead) had those famous sweeping views of the valley, brown smog included. And of the large families swallowing the picnic tables outside below, chowing down and obviously having a good time. Other staff were energetic, friendly and helpful. I cannot imagine the pilgrims having a finer meal and a better time then me and my folks. Well, they did have those cute outfits. Not my folks. The pilgrims. Though mom was working her dangely Christmas tree earrings.Oh. The. Holidays.
3	The all you can eat ribs gave me gut rot.  The "cowboy" making kids balloons was inspired by Pee Wee Herman's cowboy pal, yet he was even gayer.  The band sucked but didn't know it.   Overall it was like a cowboy Olive Garden, bread and iceberg lettuce.Iceberg gets you 3 stars....
5	This is one of my favorite dining experiences ever! I would suggest anyone traveling to Phoenix to have dinner here! As you walk in, you pass a bull hanging out in the entrance. A real bull. If you get seated downstairs, feel free to take the SLIDE. Yes a SLIDE. The food portions were HUGE. I could barely eat half my meal. Rattle snake is on the menu with a fabulous cucumber sauce. I got a 'I ate the snake' t-shirt as a souvenir. When the waiter brought the bill, he also brought a bucket of cotton candy for us! How cool. The view of Phoenix from our table was spectacular.However, a bit of warning. Your clothes will smell of this place for a good 2 washings. Walking around the next two days, I would pass people that had eaten dinner at the Rooste the night before. It was quite obvious.
3	Interesting place to visit with friends...could talk and look at Phoenix from above....large portions...ok food..good service...good bread puddingHandy van service from Arizona grand resort ....smelly animal..I think a bull...at entrance...I guess it is the Western flavor
2	In Short...Decent Atmosphere, Average overall food Quality...WAAYYY Too Expensive.For a place famous for it's steaks and ribs I was sorely disappointed. I was with a group of about 7 people. The Big Hamburger that was ordered medium by one person in my party came well done and dry as the desert. The initial helping of all you can eat beef ribs was pretty good...if a little too saucy...with the meat falling off the bone. but the additional helpings were AWFUL!!! TERRIBLY under cooked and had to order 2 additional helpings just to get 3 bites of edible meat...the second helping didn't even appear to have been cooked and I had to fight to get 3 bites off of EIGHT Ribs....Just Awful.The Outback, Texas Roadhouse and Saltgrass Steakhouse are less expensive and provide much better fare. The atmosphere is country western with a band that plays occasionally and virtually all the staff we dealt with were friendly and accommodating. If only the food was better I might have been abe to give this place 3 maybe even 4 stars, but it is a restaurant after all...so good food should be the focus
3	Crazy, over-decorated, huge, kitchy, tourist-trap kind of experience. Should preface with the fact that we are vegetarian and were meeting a friend here who has wanted to check it out for a while. Drove up on a Saturday night at 7pm (apparently can't make reservations until after 8pm) and couldn't find any parking by the restaurant, weren't feeling in the mood for valet, so went down a decently sized hill to the extra parking lot. This resulted in us basically hiking to dinner, up a steep sidewalk with no stairs. Not sure how a family with any disabled or elderlies would handle this. Would have to pay for valet, I suppose. Walked to front door, hit with wall of "cow smell", and sure enough there was a HUGE longhorn just chillin out about ten feet away. Walked in, more ramps to hike up, finally made it to level ground at the front desk area. All the hostesses were basically wearing American flags for shirts and the servers were decked out in cowboy gear. We had a hard time getting the attention of the hostess taking names which was a little frustrating. We were surprised to be seated immediately having no reservation on Saturday night, but I suppose this place is SO HUGE that it isn't much of a problem for smaller parties. It took a couple minutes to get through the labyrinth and find our table, on the way passing the oh-so-popular slide that you can take from floor 2 to floor 1. Sat down and tried to start a conversation, and were immediately interrupted by the triangle-wielding server army that came to the table next to us to sing Happy Birthday. Lots of banging and clanging served for a poor conversation atmosphere, and this was only the first of several birthday celebrations throughout our meal! We ordered a pitcher of the Arizona margarita to split between two people, and it was pretty darn huge. However the margarita was quite disappointing - all sugar and no alcohol. We finished the whole pitcher and felt nothing except slightly ill at the sugar content.We ordered the one veggie menu item, the veggie burger. Our friends got the prime rib. The meal started with a large basket of fry bread and biscuits with regular and cinnamon butter, pretty standard but yummy. Then the server brought a huge salad for the table to share, tossed with ranch dressing. That was a nice touch that we didn't realize was included. The meal came, and we were pretty shocked to see that it included green beans, corn on the cob, steak fries, veggie chili, AND the burger!! We couldn't finish one meal between two people, and we are good eaters. Everything was good, but nothing special. The green beans seemed fresh though the corn did not. The steak fries were yummy. The burger was good (housemade I believe) but nothing special. Our friend really liked his prime rib. It looked well-prepared and gigantic, just like everything else in the joint. The meal ended with the server bringing a tin can full of cotton candy. Man, they just don't want you to live past 40 around here!!!For vegetarians who never go to places like this, I'd say we had close to the best experience we could have expected. It is a loud atmosphere and everything is pretty pricy - however, you are paying for a MASSIVE amount of food, so I suppose it works out. Our takeaways: Definitely split a meal, do NOT get the margaritas, and don't come here for a classy place and intimate conversation. You are coming for the experience (and the pretty spectacular view!). We won't be back, but can't say the same for our meat-eating friends!
3	The food at the Rustler's Rooste was just ok but the ambiance was really fun. I had the steak and enchiladas...why I chose this I'm not quite sure. I had already said I wasn't having mexican in Arizona. Oh well...the steak was good and the enchiladas were as expected..ok. The best parts of going to the rooste was the very fast slide to the bottom level and the free cotton candy at the end of the meal. It was a total surprise and the strawberry flavor was yummy! The live music was fun too...played all the good classic country songs. It was a little pricey but it's a steak place. If you are staying at the Arizona Grand Resort they shuttle you over and that was nice. Not a bad experience overall.
2	Great food reasonably priced. Loud dining area. Poor service.  If you are parents with young, preteen children, you might enjoy this more.  Food was good, but servers were unattentive, hard to find.  There are better places to spend your money.
3	Rustler's Rooste was quite a mix of feelings.  The building is rustic and the live music during dinner was nice. I went there two times in Jan 2012: the first night the waiter was without personality, it took a long time to get our food and the restaurant was almost empty BUT the food was good. The second night the place was packed, it took even longer to get our food, it was unbelievably hot inside BUT our waiter was great and the good was good.  The BEST things about this restaurant is that it is part of the Grand Arizona Resort which means they drive you from the resort to the restaurant and back and  you can charge food to your room.  Overall a solid OK and I would go back if I stay in that resort again.
3	Howwwwwdy Partner!A fun atmosphere with a lot to look at.  We went here on a Friday night it was BOOMING.  Country music by a great band and accompanied by a slide on the right side of the stage.  The kids were having such a great time on that thing.  A couple of great things:The deep fried snake (tastes like chicken)The brew on tapThe cotton candy afterwardsA couple disappointing things:The steak was done alright.The value of the mealIt's definitely a tourist trap.Ya'll come back now, ya hear...or maybe think about it.
3	We went there because our sons wanted to try fried rattlesnake. They were not disappointed in that regard. The atmosphere was fun. There was a live C&W band. The band was great. People were dancing. Children were playing. Most people seemed to be enjoying themselves, including us. These are the positive points. The negative points include the quality of the steaks, the seating, and the service. The steaks were expensive, of poor quality, tough, and with poor taste. The seating was uncomfortable and cramped. The lighting was poor. It was difficult to read the menu. The service was poor.This place is fun for a one time visit. We made our first visit, enjoyed it, but will not be back.
4	Good food, awesome atmosphere with terrific views!!!!!
4	The ambiance of this place is 5 stars, and the food is about 3 to 3.5All the extras were tasty, especially the homemade biscuits with cinna butter and honey. I got the T-Bone steak, which was reasonably tasty. But, ultimately the food was very similar to going to your backyard and throwing some steaks from QFC on the grill. Certainly nothing wrong with that, but maybe need to go further when you call yourself a steak house.The outdoor eating area was amazing. The view was for miles. Inside is very "Texas", but I think that's what the people come for. Pretty good joint.
4	Jus went to Rustler's Rooste last night.  Party of 4 on a Wednesday night.  No wait to be seated.  They had a live band which was nice but also made it hard to hear each other at the table.  All 4 of us had "a little of this, a little of that" which was 2 fillet medallions plus your choice of shrimp, swordfish or 1/2 rack of pork ribs.  Between the 4 of us we had every combination.  The meat comes with corn on the cob and either rice pilaf or green beans depending on your add-on meat choice.  Baked potatoes are extra $2.  Salad is included with the meal, but no choices of dressing.  It came pre-tossed with a ranch dressing.  It wasn't very good.  They bring baskets of rolls and biscuits.  They were ok, not nearly as god as Texas Roadhouse.  Our entrees were good and the view was beautiful.  The ambience was very nice other than being a little loud and we would definitely go back again.  We each had 2 beers and our total bill was $150 for 4 people.
1	Oh man.. well overpriced drinks, and small portions (including on drinks) makes me laugh. One person in my party got crown on the rocks, i swear they were serving him his drink from their shot glasses.  RIP OFF!The view is good (not great), the bull is real. the servers are good people, the atmosphere is typical for a steak place. That is where my positive experience ends.While scanning the menu i got to look out over Phoenix, it was nice to see all the "mountains" surrounding the city (i am used to seeing the Rocky and Olympic Mountains so yeah. not really mountains to me). Back to the important part everyone...the food. They were greatly overpriced...well my first thought was okay priced high food must be great!...hmmm if satisfaction is guaranteed, well they need to give a bunch of refunds. The burgers my friend got, looked dry and zero character. It looked like the super mondo burger from Goodburger..you know that dry fake looking one. Obviously the burger wasn't that huge, but it looked lame. The pork chop was also VERY dry. Like yeah, i know we are in arizona and most things are dry, but leave the food out of it. It is as if they squeezed the juices out of it. Even with some bbq sauce eating it was nearly impossible. I got the prime rib. OH YEAH! well thats what i thought. Horse radish was old, lost its pizzazz and kick. They definitely cut the prime rib too early after it was cooked because the juices were gone.. and ontop of that i am pretty sure it was sitting under a heat lamp for awhile too (warm but not hot.. booo). Not sure how everyone elses food was, but from viewing it i was less than impressed... Oh and talk about cheap...you can't get the normal sides for steak with out paying extra money. The sides they supply you with is half a corn on the cob, and a skimpy helping of green beans.And just to pour a little salt on their already bad yelp from me.. Their cinnamon butter was a sad excuse.. I've had SOO much better before. It was lacking in all areas of its life.Want to know where you can go and get better food, same ambiance, and decent service (but no view of phx)...Texas Roadhouse...yeah i said it..i am bringing a chain into the discussion.. I would hands down go to TRH any day instead of here.End of the line 1 star because the food was blech! 1/2 a star for the view and 1/2 star for good service...yup two stars...(to get that view just drive to the top of the hill and look out soo maybe i should take away one.. HA)
1	Food was good. Service was TERRIBLE from the hostess to the servers to the manager.....BAD. The Price of the food does not leave room for bad service. Take your money elsewhere!
4	Stopped here for dinner while we were visiting Tempe.  The following review is based on the group meal we had in which I brought my 1yr old daughter.-First of all, not matter what the reviews say, this restaurant is best for large groups or family gatherings.  It is quite loud and I would find it difficult to have an intimate dinner.  However, it is perfect for family and kids and should warrant a visit if you are vacationing with family/friends.  -For the kids they have a live steer as you are walking in (just warrants a quick look), a slide (kids absolutely love it) and some old fashioned video games.  -For the adults there is a dance floor with live country music, and REALLY GOOD FOOD!  Everyone in our party loved their food, even the vegetarian (I know how cruel can we be to bring a vegetarian to a BBQ joint).  I shared one of those GIGANTIC meals for 2 or more with a friend, and each item (ribs, chicken, shrimp, etc) was somehow falling off the bone with amazing flavor.-The only compliant I had was the service was a little off the longer we stayed.  When we first got there the service was amazing, someone stopped by our table every 5-10 minutes.  But after a couple hours of eating and drinking the server couldn't be found.-Overall, if you are visting the Tempe area for a couple days (like going to Spring Training) with a group of friends or family, you really should try it out you will not be disappointed.
3	Growing up in Tempe, I've been to the Rooste a few times. Overall, the experience is good but nothing to write home about.One of my recent visits was on New Year's Eve. I made a reservation ahead of time and the process was perfect. They said upon arrival, if there is a wait for tables we will be bumped to the top of the list. When we arrived, the hosting staff said it was going to be a 30 minute wait. I was a little confused but no point in causing a fuss because we didn't have a strict time schedule for the evening. We walked over to the outside patio to check on the view. Within 5 minutes our buzzer went off and we were seated. Our server was fantastic and friendly. The food was delicious with LARGE portions. And surprisingly not as expensive as i thought it would be.My next visit was about a week ago on a Saturday night. We forgot to make a reservation so when we arrived we found out it was going to be an hour wait. We waited maybe 30 minutes before we were seated. Our server, however, was not as wonderful as our visit before. It took 20 minutes to get waters and she kept blaming the bus boys for everything. The food this time was OK. My dad's prime rib came out cold, like it was straight from the fridge. All the side dishes were cold or overcooked. It was a less than stellar experience this time around. If I hadn't been here before, I certainly would not return.If you want to give it a shot, I'd say go for it but don't expect the best meal you've ever had. The view and atmosphere is what makes the restaurant.
5	Man I have always loved their food!!!! My fav is the all you can eat beef ribs!!!! Those are the best!!!
4	Great place for all ages! music and decor was wonderful. Food was a little late getting to us, but we had fun waiting.
3	Service was fast and friendly, the mixed drinks are great!  We went on a busy Friday night and a lot of family's where there.  They have a man walking around making balloon figures.  The slide/ stairs is a great touch for kids.  The food was OK, nothing outstanding.The view was amazing, it overlooks the entire city.
2	Very marginal food, service, and atmosphere.  there is a live bill out front, and it really makes the whole area smell like cow flops. Disneyland atmosphere.
3	Good food. Fun place for the Easter holiday with the entire family. There was a brunch buffet with lots to choose from. Tried just about everything. The ham and roast beef were excellent. All the breakfast stuff was good and the egg diablo was interesting. Never had that before and it was a bit spicy but had a nice flavor. The desserts were not so good. A bit dry, frozen, cold or tasteless. The bathrooms were small and not so clean. Overall, not good or bad but average. Thought it could be better for such a place and price.
2	When we arrived the place was packed and it seemed like it was going to be loads of fun.  However, they brought me the wrong meal and I had to wait 30 minutes for them to bring the steak that I actually ordered.  By this time my husband was done with his meal.  So I sat and ending up eating after he was done.  While the waitress appollogized - it didn't seem to be that big of a deal to her.  In the end - they are too busy to have good service.  I definitely would not return - you can get better food and better service loads of other place near-by.
4	A great experience every time we make it here.  Where else can you slide into the dining room?  We always have large groups and they are very accomodating, every table we've been at affords a beautiful view at sunset.  They try to make it a complete experience.Servers are always very helpful and attentive.  Steaks are good and the sides are good if not very inventive.   The birthday dessert and cotton candy really cap off the dinners.
1	More of a tourist attraction.  Food is better elsewhere for the cost.
5	This is definitely one of our favorite restaurants! On top of the hill w/ a great view of the city. I think the best bargain is the Cowboy platter. For about $20 a person, you get ribs, steak, chicken, fish, fries, corn, and sides. Plenty of leftovers since you will be snacking on the Indian fry bread. The staff are always friendly and service is fast.There is live entertainment and very family friendly. A great place to take out of town visitors.I recommend making reservations if you want to sit by the window which has the best view.
3	I was very excited because I had won a gift basket at La Noche de Yelp Elite Event in March for Rustler's Rooste and thought well my mom is coming from Washington for a visit in April why not take her there, it would be a 1st time for the both of us! Sounds like a great plan right!Mom came into town, I told her my plan of taking her out to eat, so Sunday came and we are ready to go!  Oh let me give you guys a little insight too, my mom had a stroke when she was in her 30's so walking is hard for her. We got to Rustler's Rooste around 4:25, I never bothered to looked at what times the place was opened, but found out they didn't open till 5, I dropped mom off at valet parking, and they were sweet and showed mom in through the exit so she didn't have to walk the steps. So when I parked the car, the valet told me where my mom went, for a slow walker, she sure did disappear fast , now it's about 4:35, one of the servers saw my mom and told her that when the place opens at 5 someone will seat us by the window if that would be ok with her, it was close to the exit and she was ok with that.Well 5pm came and nothing was happening, so I went up to the stairs and found the hostess and explained that my mom was handicapped and unable to walk up the stairs and where we were told we could wait to be seated, she said did you have reservations? I said no, again didn't think ahead, maybe I should I have, she said well, I have people upstairs that have been waiting for tables and left.   Walked back to mom and told her I didn't get very far.    From my impression from the hostess, only way I was going to get a table was if I walked upstairs to get it for us, and this left me with a bad impression, that maybe the RR isn't handicap friendly. Like only those who can get up the stairs can have tables, hurray for the walking!   My mom, who is more even tempered then me and is ok with just waiting, said just be still, so I waited. Another lady showed up about 6 mins later and asked if we had be helped and I said no we haven't, and she must have been someone important cuz she made it happened.   We were showed to our table, our waitress was Jennifer, very nice and very sweet, she explained the menu to us, since it was both our 1st time there we ordered the Cowboy Stuff, which was bbq ribs & chicken, crispy shrimp, steak & seafood kabobs, beans, veggies, potatoes wedges and some other stuff, I have to say the one thing that stood out was the ribs, omg they are fall off the bone melt in your mouth good! RR knows how to make some ribs! Going to have to come back from some more of them!I have to say Jennifer and the nice man at valet parking showed get customer service, but the hostess left me with a bad impression and she is where the dining experience starts.
4	We decided to try Rustler's Rooste for Easter brunch.  Its was a great brunch for the price.  They had an omelet station, waffels a craveing station an all the other good stuff.  The only thing I wish they had more of was sea food.  My daughter loved the chocolate fountain!  The service was attentive and very friendly.  We had a good time and of course ate too much.
3	Based on the food, I would give this place 2 stars, but ambiance and atmosphere earned it a third. It was like a maze getting to our table with the hills and turns and stairs inside the restaurant...There was a band playing country music, which isn't normally my preference but it suits this place perfectly. And the band wasn't so loud you had to shout over them, which is also nice. I ordered the garden burger and it was decent enough. I substituted sweet potato fries which were good, but not spectacular.  The rest of the table ordered steaks, mostly filets which came with green beans.  The salad the comes with the entrees is a house salad and they have one dressing, a house-made ranch. I'd have to say they definitely save the best part for last... A big can (yes, i said can) of cotton candy!!  Will I go back??  Ehhh.... It would have to be the right circumstance.
2	The meal was not fresh.  We ordered the Cowboy Stuff and most of the meal seemed to have been cooking all day.  The bbq chicken was dry and tough to eat.  The ribs were also dry.  Both of the kabobs were much better than the rest of the meal.  Even the garnish and cru de te was old.  The lettuce garnish was dried out crispy, the radishes were soft and mealy, and the celery was soft and bendable.I would not recommend this dish at the end of the day.
3	Gorgeous city view and fun ambiance.  There's a longhorn steer outside just so you get the message and you have the option of sliding (a slide!) into the restaurant.  Loved the country & western band playing and watching people dance; also loved walking out on the patio and watching the sun set.  Now for the food and service: we had a crabby waitress but even she couldn't ruin our great ribs, tender rolls and interesting prickly pear cactus fries appetizer.  I'd recommend this place, as long as you know what you're in for!
2	Over 150 reviews for you to read about this mediocre steakhouse.  I ordered the St. Louis pork ribs which were very tender but slathered in a cloyingly sweet bbq sauce. The corn on the cob was more like creamed corn on the cob, been in hot water a long long time!  Their cowboy beans were average at best,  My wife had the all white meat fried chicken, fairly good and lots of it (3 breasts with the bone deep fried) but we had to ask for some gravy twice and then received half a shot glass of tasteless milk and flour white gravy, enough to sparely cover one breast.  The salad needed more dressing but was refreshing.  Best part of the meal was the Indian fry bread. The green beans were semi cooked and unseasoned.  The place was extremely noisy and on top of that a band played in the background.  I left with a headache and a resolve to never return for a $40+ meal.
3	If you have kids, this is a great stop.  If not, you might want to re-think heading to this joint.  As you walk in, you have a big ol steer in a pen right outside the restaurant.  The kiddies like it so its worth the smells.  Checking in with the hostess has always been an issue and it was no different this time around.  It was about a 30 minute wait for a table and a bit unorganized to get your name in with the waitress.  If you can get a table along the windows, you will get a fantastic view of the valley, sunset and the air traffic into Sky Harbor.  Worth the trip just for the views.Once you get buzzed that your table is ready,  you get to walk down steps or take the slide to the dining level.  The slide is a zoo with lots of kids...and some adults who act like kids...so that is part of the fun.  Live country music and a smallish dance floor and sawdust, a classic touch.  This is not your new country music. You will get your Johnny, Willie and Waylan which is the way I like it.Decent menu with options for the kids.  I ordered the 16 oz. Prime Rib (Marshall), medium rare.  The meal comes with bread/butter before hand.  Family style salad and cowboy beans as the first course.  And corn on the cob & green beans with the entree.  The prime rib was every bit of 16 oz, but it was over cooked.  More toward medium than MR.  That was disappointing, especially since 1/4 of the front page of the menu was taken up describing how they cook their meat.The sides were OK.  I think they are making a mistake by serving the meal on a plate with a metal cover.  Condensation builds up on the inside of the lid and drips onto to the entree.  It just make everything soggy.The service was good, although I had so many plates at my smallish table, that i ran out of room to put things.  For a table of four, (two of which were kids under 3) I had 9 small plates.  We had a stack of them left on the end of the table for about 10 minutes before someone stopped by to pick them up.  Just a weird experience.There is also at least two people walking around making balloon animals, for a small fee.  These guys/gals are fun and kids certainly got a kick out of it.  Lastly, we were offered cotton candy as we left.   Definitely something my 3yr didn't need, but it was a nice touch.   Overall, the food was a 2, but the experience was a 4 especially for the kids....so they get a 3 from me.
5	Steaks were really good, theres so much stuff too look at, and the views at night are spectacular!
1	Let me start by saying, I wish there was an option for  a 1/4 star rating.Went here with another family during our "stay-cation" at a nearby resort. It was HORRIBLE! First, you can't miss the smell as you walk up to the place. I realized this is because of the Texas Longhorn right in front. Nothing like the smell of excrement and urine right before dinner. Second, the NOISE! This is a country western themed steakhouse, so whatever, be warned. Third, the service was the worst. Since we had a party of 8, an 18% gratuity is automatically added to our bill. That's fine, I get it, but apparently our waitress felt she didn't have to work for it since it's mandatory. She was rude and not very helpful...at all. I never experienced ordering a $20 appetizer (the fried rattlesnake) and having it thrown on our table, she didn't even stop! I was also looking forward to finishing our biscuits and fry bread, but apparently there's a time limit. She took them away without even asking. Fourth, the food was mediocre, at best. I ordered the 16oz T-Bone and it was under seasoned and not very good. The green bean and corn on the cob sides were soggy. At least try to hide the fact that it was over cooked and soaking in hot water before it was served. Fifth, when it came time to pay the bill, we were given the right check, but our credit card was charged for another party's dinner! Really???? We over-paid for a terrible experience! Finally, the General Manager wasn't very interested in our experience as paying customers, he said "it happens". SPEECHLESS! At least he was consistent with the rest of the night.We had better service, treatment, and food from McDonald's the next day.
3	Rustler's Rooste is that triangle of white lights (not the take me to your leader kind) you see on the hills in Ahwatukee at night. You park at the base of the hill or at the top if you are early enough and a van will take you to the top (if you are in heels you may want to wait for that van - although stilettos are best left at home duh). In a nutshell, the place is over the top rustic cowboy; every surface is covered in wood. The food is ok - the bread (biscuits, corn bread etc,) basket is the best part. You wanna order the rattlesnake? Prepare to shell out $20 for it - let me save you the money. It's little scraps of chicken-like meat (the size of a nickle) deep fat fried and served with chipotle ranch. It literally tastes like dark meat chicken.There's a live band (we were here on a weekend) playing the old classic country western (imagine that scene in Blues Brothers - Good Ole Boys style). No chicken wire cage though - bummer. After several drinks (which I recommend) go out on the patio and gaze at the city below. Then after more drinks, push the kids out of the way and take a ride down the slide - dare devils go head first. Overall - there is much to see even if the food is "eeeh" - even the giant beast of a bull in a pen out front, great for tourists looking for a hokey night out, or if your family is in town, take them here and explain this is how AZ is - all covered in wood, stale booze, cowboys and old timey country music.
1	Food was poor. Nachos were burnt. Waited 50 minutes for check. 1 star is generous. Not sure but I think the ribs were coyote.
4	So.....I've eaten here 4xs over the past 2 years.They kind of have the balance between kitschy and authentic just right. The food is ok too. You can mess up ribs....they don't. You can mess up fried chicken...they don't (actually really good).  How the salmon is good is beyond me.....but it's not bad. You can over eat....you will. I defy you to leave a piece of fry bread in your basket...you won't.The place is PACKED. It's loud. There will be random groups of people line dancing. Your drink will come in a mason jar. You WILL wait for a table unless you call ahead. You WILL also order the rattlesnake and the cactus fries. You will balk at the price but you won't really care. You won't understand why you like them both.You'll probably come back when you're in the area and want to get your snake on.
3	Doing a little staycation at the Arizona Grand so we decided to hit up Rustlers Roost for dinner. We arrived at about 6:30 and had a tough time finding parking sober decided to use valet. It's no charge so it's really a no-brainer. We were seated right away. Server was friendly and food came out pretty quick. I had ribs and steak medallions. Flavor of the ribs was spot on but the cut was awful. A lot of gristle and fat. Steak was incredible. I was disappointed with the sides though. They didn't really give you any options. You get whatever they roll out like it or not. Anything extra and you have to pay. Kid had a burger (a $16 burger!) and it was good. Pricey but good. Wife had fried chicken. It was also pretty good. For dessert we had the cow pie which is ice cream under a chocolate shell. This thing was so frozen solid that we needed to break it apart with a knife to eat it! It was way to big of a dessert! No way a small party could eat it all. We didn't even get halfway through it. All in all dinner was OK but the service was a bit slow and the prices were waaaaay too high for the quality. Drift drinks, dinner and dessert came to $80 with tip. Next time I'll stick with Aunt Chiladas or go off site.
5	The feel here is always so cobwoy-eque, and I've been going to this restaurant since I was a kid. Glad not all things have changed.I love the $15 birthday/anniversary/etc huge eclair, cowboy hat and handkerchief, and singing. The eclair is bigger than a football so be prepared.We paid $50 for our split meal, appetizer, and eclair special including the $3 extra plate fee (which we knew about, but didn't know it literally included extra food, too = BONUS!). The Indian fry bread was delicious with the cinnamon butter and honey as always. So were the tater skins, and all the sizes of food were humongous. We made 2 meals out of our leftovers!You never disappoint!
3	Classic Cowboy food (i.e. Steak) and a great view of the Valley. Be sure you "eat the snake!"
1	Bad food service and card was charged too much so had to deal with that!  Overall terrible experience.
4	My in-laws took my husband and I here to thank us for helping them move. I've been wanting to try this place for over a year and I wasn't disappointed. When you first arrive you're greeted with 360 views of the valley. It's an excellent spot to take some pictures--especially at sunset. We were promptly seated at a table in the middle of the restaurant after a trip down the slide. We had a great view even though we weren't right beside the window. That was nice. I hate going to a place with great views and staring at the back of the kitchen all night. We started with the rattlesnake and cactus fries. I'm glad I tried these unique offerings but I'm not sure I'll try them again. No trip to the Rooste would be complete without them. I had the barbecue chicken and it was delicious. My husband had a burger and his parents had pork chops and prime rib. The cowboy beans are the best I've had. Everyone left happy with a full belly and leftovers to spare. The beer is reasonably priced and served in giant mason jar "pitchers." The best part is that every meal ends with complimentary cotton candy. This is a great place for families and they have a full bar for the adults. Don't miss this place if you're visiting Phoenix and if you live here, why haven't you visited already?Say "hi" to Horney the Bull!
5	A 'must-see' for travelers! Ride the slide. Eat snake and steak. Great view!
4	I had fun at Rustler's Roost. I think the atmosphere, the view and the big kid slide made my rating, because the food is just ok. It's a little on the pricey side too, but this place is just super cute- drinks in mason jars and family style dining, and a western theme. I'll go back.
5	I really loved this place. As a country girl at heart, I loved the band and that I was able to dance with my honey. It was also cute to see the families out dancing too. The food was good. I had the prime rib which was good. The horse radish was super hot! My husbands ribeye was delish but my daughter swears that the beef ribs were the best she has ever had. There is a beautiful view and I can see why this place is so popular. I am already looking forward to our next visit.
4	We had a great ti me here.  Ate some snake, cactus and prime rib.  Can't. Wait to come back.
5	We love Rustler's Rooste! We just moved to the area, and have stopped by twice. Both times, the food and atmosphere were amazing. We ordered the NFL Burger, and it was phenomenal - enough food for 2 or 3 to share at a great price. We went there again for New Years Eve. We ordered a full rack of pork ribs, and it was so much food we had to take half home! Delicious! Great view! We will definitely be back - many times!
3	It is a bit pricey for being a barbeque restaurant. The food is good but it's not great.  if you're going there you're going for the experience not the food.
3	Go on a weeknight. It is less crowded and the kitchen is not as busy as it is during the weekends. Also get there around dusk. Hopefully, you will take a ride down the sliding board on the way to your table that provides a great sunset and evening view of the valley. It is not the best steak place I have ever been to, but I have always enjoyed the steaks and the prime rib is very good as well. When in season you can get rattlesnake bites as an appetizer, but I prefer the fried mushrooms. Service has typically been friendly and fairly fast. It is a western casual restaurant and is fun place to go for a good steak.
3	This isn't a place you go for great cuisine, it's a place for a celebration, or a family dinner, or going with friends... it's more of an experience... at least in my opinion. And yes, t is pricey.I was there with friends and we had a great time. We had a window table with a nice view. We got beers, the shrimp cocktail, pork ribs, bone-in ribeye, and swordfish. Definitely skip the swordfish. The entrees come with lots of sides, like bread, beans (so flavorful!), and salad. They bring you cotton candy at the end.I wouldn't go back here, but it was fun to try once.Saving Money Protip: I'm not sure if they let you split a meal, but if so, order a meal and add a baked potato (only like $2 more). There is plenty of freaking food for two people with all the sides they bring out!
3	I recently visited Rustlers Rooste during a work meeting. Below are my thoughts:The entrance is gross. I get that it's a gimmick restaurant. But I would prefer not to be greeted by the smell of cow pies when I walk by the entrance. The decor was cool. Definitely felt like I was in a ranch style restaurant. The food was OK. In my opinion it was a little overpriced for what you were actually getting. My steak was cooked perfectly - which I was really concerned about. The rattlesnake appetizer completely lacked any hint of flavor. The rest of the food was also OK. Nothing terrible, nothing great. Overall there are definitely better places in Phoenix to eat. This place might be worth a try - but don't go into it expecting a lot.
3	A solid 3 stars. Neat concept. Pretty good food but it was hit or miss. Our order is as follows:* Complimentary Bread Basket - biscuits and fried Mexican bread. It was just ok. * Fried Rattlesnake and Cactus appetizer - it was good, though we liked the cactus a bit more than the rattlesnake. Rattlesnake was nothing special but a must try for us since we love trying new things. * Entrees include Beans, Family style salad, and cotton candy - beans were not good. Salad was very tasty. And who doesn't like cotton candy?* Mixed Grill entree with Filet Medallions and Ribs - pretty good. Ribs were tasty. * Rustler's Cut - definite pass! First time my steak came out dry dry dry and was sent back. 2nd time they brought it out first bite was good and manager came to ask about it. He left, I took a second bite and reached a very raw steak. I guess they tried to cook it too fast and only 'seared' the outside. At that point I was pretty full so didn't say anything. Service: Our original waitress was flighty and couldn't seem to concentrate. Took bf's order then ran off. Brought us the salad and I had to ask to put my order in. Come our entrees and they brought out 3 plates... Wtf? Never came by to refill anything. Thankfully another nice waiter jumped in after seeing our frustration. From then on smooth sailing.
1	I will NEVER come back here! Amber, the server, was rude and disrespectful from the moment we sat down. I could receive better customer service from a drive thru window. Our order got messed up and rather than finding a solution, she continued to spit out excuses. We received dirty dishes and never got drink refills. If I had not been sitting next to a water container, we would have been thirsty all night. She gave dirty looks after we approached the manager regarding our issues. As we were leaving, she starred our party down while walking out. The food was not the greatest. I would have enjoyed it more if I at least received satisfactory customer service.Don't bother coming. The food was not the best and the waitress and staff are terrible. They forgot out order, didn't once refill out drinks we did it our selves. Not to mention most items are 15.00 or more a plate for garbage food.
1	I will NEVER come back here! Amber, the server, was rude and disrespectful from the moment we sat down. I could receive better customer service from a drive thru window. Our order got messed up and rather than finding a solution, she continued to spit out excuses. We received dirty dishes and never got drink refills. If I had not been sitting next to a water container, we would have been thirsty all night. She gave dirty looks after we approached the manager regarding our issues. As we were leaving, she starred our party down while walking out. The food was not the greatest. I would have enjoyed it more if I at least received satisfactory customer service.
3	Ranch, ranch & more ranch.  If you are the kind of person that really loves ranch dressing, this place is for you.The boyfriend made a reservation.... we had to wait 30 minutes for a table which didn't make much sense to me.They bring enough food to feed a family of five so come hungry or be prepared to take boxes of leftovers home.  Yes, boxes.I don't exactly remember what we ordered.. some sort of cowboy mixture of everything... chicken, steak, fish, potatoes, veggies, etc.  It was all piled up on a tray.  The ribs were great.  I'm from Kansas City so I like to think that I know a thing or two about bbq.  The meat slid off the bone, it was perfection.I didn't get any cotton candy.  I guess they forgot about us.  :(  & I didn't get to slide down the slide... it was overrun with children.  So many filthy kids.  That slide was the best form of birth control I have ever seen in my life... no thank you.It was cool place to visit once.  I don't think I'll be back.
4	Dad is in town. and dad loves steak, cowboy themed stuff, and the wild west. only problem...dad is getting old and can't do any hiking or exploring some of the real western history and that's where dining at the Rooste comes to par. i called and they didn't take reservations this saturday night, however, when we arrived, she asked if i called ahead, which i replied no. it's an hour wait. AN HOUR!? holy moly....i wouldn't wait an hour for bianco pizza, much less a kitschy tourist restaurant....but....i could hear my father in my ear saying "wow, this place looks neat!" and thus...we waited...an hour....at the bar....for our table.the bar was basically empty at 5:30 so we had a couple of beers (around 4bucks each...way too expensive) and bided our time. at 6pm, the line out the door was enormous, along with the clientele. after an hour, we were taken downstairs and seated right in front of the band, which was fun. the sawdust covered floor added to the appeal of the place and to my father. i ordered the swordfish which was cooked perfectly. my father, the T-bone, and he said it was cooked wonderfully. our dog thoroughly enjoyed the bone afterwards. our server was prompt, friendly, and was always available without being overbearing. even with a huge wait list to get in, we never felt rushed to finish our meal. prices are a tad high, my fish was 20 bucks. but you get a basic iceberg salad, a basket of really warm and tasty rolls and biscuits, and a pot of baked beans (with pork), so it's a decent deal for visiting relatives. but some things to consider....walking up the hill from the lower parking lot proved very difficult for my aging father, but they do offer a shuttle from the lot to the door. even to get to the concierge can be challenging (it also is a slight uphill walk inside the restaurant) for elderly or handicapped persons. the concierge girl is NOT friendly at all, but that's almost to be expected with the throngs of people that come here. prices are a bit high, especially for drinks. the sheer mass of people eating here can be a bit overwhelming, and there are screaming kids EVERYWHERE! parents don't bother to tend to their ill-behaved kids, and it can be a nightmare if you don't have the ability to drown out their ever present running around and screaming. but....the place is neat. exposed rock wall, a slide, and the view of phoenix from the hillside is amazing!
4	The food was pretty good and was about what I'd expect from a steakhouse but the view is amazing and the atmosphere was really cool.
3	I moved to the Phoenix area about 5 months ago and have been wanting to go to Rustler's ever since.  I heard that the restaurant had a great view of the valley and was ideal for sunsets.  I finally got to go recently and I was kind of disappointed.  First, parking was strange.  The restaurant is on a hill and there was limited parking at the top near the restaurant and so there's additional parking down the hill, which you either trek up/down by foot or take a shuttle.  Second, I was expecting a romantic atmosphere but there were kids running around every where and even a slide for them inside.  Third, the food was expensive and not that great.  The food reminded me of the food you get at a buffet.  The place felt mainly like a  tourist attraction and is something you only do once. However, the view was nice, the restaurant had an old west feel with a live band and they give you free cotton candy at the end of your meal.
4	I really like the Rooste. I have been here a couple of times and it is a lot of fun with a group, or just with a friend. Don't forget to take the slide instead of the stairs, it is well worth it and makes the night start of right. You can't help but enjoy your food after you go down a 15 foot slide on the way to your table. The hamburger is amazing and my bro had the fried chicken, which he enjoyed. The view is killer and it is worth the trip if you like honkey-tonk and ranch style scenery. If you are into Texas, love America, and love country style settings, this is the place for you. Enjoy!
4	I honestly had no clue what Rustler's Rooste was until a friend of mine took me hereAt frist I just thought it was going to be something like Bill Johnsons Big Apple mixed with Toby Keith's but it was unique, very different. Upon arrival we used the valet because there seemed to be no parking (a tip for anyone heading out on a Saturday to the Rooste) When you first go into the restaurant there is a big bull in a fence, it was interesting but it added onto the theme and it was just pretty coolThe entrance itself is pretty cool, feels like youre walking in an old mine...Second tip, I happened to call ahead to put my name in, which is pretty much a reservation. We were seated and I took in all of the surroundings, the inside was really cool and then I saw a slide...I loved the mason jars everywhereThat stood out to me the most and I was really puzzled as to why it was there but the only thing I kept thinking was how original and fun that the slide added...We sat close to it so I got to see pretty much everyone go down, there was a lot of children who went and very many adults even slid downSo you know I had to do it too, if the older people were :DAs we sat down the server brought us muffins and little frybread Im Navajo so I dug into the frybread, it was thick and doughy but I didnt mind that at all, I thought it was cool that they offered it, kudos. She also brought us salad as an appetizer which I thought was pretty yummyI ordered the fried chicken which came with green beans and corn on the cobWe also got to split some cowboy beans which was beans mixed with hot dogsI liked itMy food was actually really good so I would recommend this dishAnother cool thing was that after our meal we got free cotton candy which was super cool All in all if you would like a new, different place then I would suggest Rustlers RoosteOMG I forgot to mention that there was live music, a nice band of country singersThat was my ultimate favorite part, I am a sucker for live musicAfter reading my entire review, I shouldve just started it off with the live musicThe bar looked pretty cool tooGo here, enjoy it
1	nice place but overprice and very bad
2	Six of us dined for dinner after a recent Angels exhibition game.  The restaurant is on a hill with a beautiful view. We were greeted cordially and seated.  Our server was the best art of our experience. He was efficient with a good sense of humor. As first timers he explained the menu and asked f there were any questions. Bread and butter arrived quickly. Ou orders were promptly taken. So- so iceberg lettuce salad appeared shortly there after. There was one order for Prime Rib medium rare and five orders for various steaks. The meal came with green beans and corn on the cob. There were two orders for baked potatoes.  The food came in a timely manner. The Primr Rib came medium well, was dry with little or no flavor. All of the steaks were over cooked. All of the food was Luke warm at best. We came to the conclusion that ths is a VERY LARGE restaurant; and it is difficult to individualize orders. We are not likely to return to this restaurant. The view, the magician and server were the best parts of our dinner and not the food.
4	This place was so much fun!  There is a big slide going from the second floor to the first floor that we couldn't pass up trying!  The atmosphere was fun and friendly.  It is definitely not a place for vegetarians..which is fine by me!  I tried swordfish for the first time and it was really good.  The bread they served was very tasty and it came with flavored butter!  They also have a really great selection of beers.  The view out of their big windows was also very beautiful.
4	This place is tons of fun, has great food, great service, and a great view of the city! I definitely recommend making reservations, no matter what night you're coming or how big/small your party is. Make sure you ask your server to have the Magic Man come by your table...he's amazing! Bring some cash with you so that you can tip him. Definitely go take a look at the view from the back patio before you leave. The city lights are very pretty at night.
3	It is highly recommended by my colleague down here.  The atmosphere is great, cowboy themed restaurant and this is a great band playing.  We are seating by the windows and you can see a great view of Phoenix.  I ordered a T-bone steak but I have to say the the steak is good except it is not hot enough.  It will be much better if they can heat up the plate a little bit before they served the steak.
3	I was in Phoenix recently on business and was taken here by my boss with a big group of people. I thought it was pretty neat for the atmosphere with a big long horn outside, the crazy decor, a live band playing country tunes, a big slide for kiddies to goof off on. I could go on and on, the place is just neat in a silly sort of way.The food was sort of meh. We ordered the rattle snack appetizer which tasted like fried (insert whatever here). I would have to like to have found out what rattlesnake really tasted like, I already know what fried (insert whatever here) tastes like thank you very much. The stuff was like 20 something dollars too, phew glad that work was picking up the tab!For my entree I had the rib steak. It's wasn't very good quality but it was passable. I thought a place like this would have had better quality steaks though.The place is pretty cool though. If I ever find myself back in Phoenix with my family I would bring them here because the place is pretty cool.
1	Wow, this dull theme park of a restaurant is horrible. Kids would love it, but the prices are way too high for a family. They have a big longhorn steer in a corral near the front door, so the entrance smells like cow pies. Not appetizing! We were seated right by a door that kids were shrieking in and out of, and the hostess refused our request to move to a nearby clean, empty table. The waiter was fine, but the food was completely disappointing -- nothing was seasoned. The salad and fry bread were OK, but the sauteed shrimp had not seen any salt, pepper, herbs, anything. They tasted boiled actually. it came with rice mixed with mushrooms, celery and green beans, no salt or flavor in that either. My colleague's bone-in rib-eye, ordered medium-rare, was chewy and bland. I guess we should have been on alert when the waiter placed the bottle of steak sauce on the table first. Why wouldn't they at least salt a nice steak? Prices for their tasteless entrees were high, from $25 to $35. This place is awful. Even if you go expecting Western fun and music, you should at least get a great meal for the price. Not here.
4	Friendly wait staff made the dinner.  Obviously not gourmet but traveling with three kids under ten makes for an adventurous outing no matter the place. Melissa made the vacation dinner stress free and fun.  Cheers to her and the view.
3	Big massive country bar/restaurant in the hills. It is OK and I'd rate it more towards family fun. A bit expensive and for the money I feel that you could get better food elsewhere. As for the view, love it.I'll play... I'll steal the rating system used elsewhere on here.Scale of 1-10 (two visits):7: Food0: Drinks (not rated)7: Service7: Atmosphere7: Value
3	My family enjoys coming here occasionally. The food is good but the seating is cramped and the noise level is too high. The building is awesome so it is a cool experience for first timers, so we like to bring visitors here but it is not a good setting for having good conversations if the band is playing. If you get to sit by the windows the veiw is pretty fantastic.
5	Fun atmosphere, great drinks and tasty food. My wife and I had a great dinner here we will be back when were back in Phoenix :)
4	We were here last Saturday and had a really good time. The steaks were delicious and the service was good. Hubby had the swordfish and was over the moon about it (it was his first time having it)My only complaint was that the music was REALLY loud for a restaurant but hey, we were entertained. We had a great evening and look forward to returning next time we are craving steak!
1	Went here on 5/3, tried to get a reservation for 7 but they will only take "preferred seating" whatever that means.  My girlfriend cannot climb stairs very well due to a disability & I was told she could wait downstairs, but would still need to come up once the table was called (?).  After being seated at 7:15, we ordered drinks & then food.  Their one and only localish beer (Grand Canyon) they were "out of."  When my lady friend asked if green chile's could be put on the side for her burger the waitress said " I guess so" my girlfriend smiled and said that'd be great, the waitress said "that wasn't funny" and walked away (???).  The "authentic Western band" was playing that well known cowboy trail song "The Theme From Dukes of Hazzard."  Yes, I'm not making this up.A couple was then seated behind us and within 15 minutes had their food and were eating.  8:10pm our food arrived, a hamburger and a steak.  The couple seated long after us had already eaten their steaks and gone home.  The food was lukewarm and nothing memorable.After dinner we placed cash with the bill and set it on the end of the table.  The waitress looked at, made eye contact with me, then kept walking.  5 minutes later, she did the same with my girlfriend, another 5 minutes and she did it for a 3rd time with me.  I normally tip 30% for decent service and 20% for bad.  But this time, I scooped up the tip, left the exact amount for the bill and we left, for the first time in years.  When you open the exit door the lovely smell of fresh cow dung wafts into your nose from the steer they have in a pen nearby for the tourists to do... whatever they do with cows.There are 20 better steak places I can think of off the top of my head in Phoenix.  If you want an "authentic" Western experience, well...try Rawhide in Phoenix or Triple C Chuckwagon in Tucson.  The West from TV is gone and never really existed but you'll have a better time, service, and food at either one than this place.
4	Our friends took us to this restaurant when we visited Phoenix a couple of weeks ago. It is perched on a little hill, with good view of Pheonix. It is a little rustic, with lots of families with yougn children. They also have an outdoor seating for parties. We simply love the food. We ordered vaiorus types of BBQ (pork ribs, beef ribs, etc..) and they were all simply delicious.
3	We were in town for work and thought, what the hey.  We hit it towards the end of the evening so it wasn't too busy.  We were sat immediately and once the waitress discovered she had a new table, the service was great.Steak was flavorless despite being cooked perfectly... I would like to introduce you to a couple of modern inventions:  Salt & Pepper.  The salad was sauced perfectly with ranch dressing. Not overpowering.  The live band was awesome.  We were worried that it would be too loud but it was quiet enough we could have a conversation without screaming at each other.A fun touristy place that I will probably never revisit.
2	Service was abominably slow. Everything was very basic and boring, cooked without passion. Tried the rattlesnake - it was so breaded and fried that it was hard to tell what it was. Was basically a fried asteroid. Steak was so so. Salad wilted and tired. Wine list poor. Seems to be good for kids and families but don't go here for a "real" steak.
1	My son made reservations for Mother' s day for our family and specifically requested handicapped accessible  seating.  Upon arrival we found we were seated  upstairs,  not on the main level by the handicapped entrance.  When I asked the location of the elevator I was told they don't have one..."it called legs".  (not a good response for an Iraq veteran in a wheelchair).  After being told to go back outside and up the main entrance to the upper level we found the seating involved steps.  When I pointed this out to the waitress, she suggested we just turn the wheelchair  backwards and take my son down the stairs.  When advised this was not acceptable. we were moved to an downstairs location.  This involved my son going back  down the upper ramp, outside and back in the handicapped entrance...then to the other end of the building.  This situation stressed my son so much he was unable to eat with us.  The staff at Rustlers  Roost is in dire need of sensitivity training.
1	The best thing about this place is the space - it is huge and there is outside seating so if you are dining with kids, they have room to roam. Other than that - ewww. We had a party of 14, all of the steaks ordered were under cooked and had to be sent back. When the steaks came out the second time they were burnt on the outside and still raw on the inside. The service was very slow, they brought one of the teens food from the childrens menu when he ordered from the regular menu and to top it all off the bathroom (and I can only speak for the women's bathroom) was disgusting - the trashcan was literally overflowing. I understand that this is a kitchy kind of 'western' place and wasn't expecting Mortons or The Palm but still . . . yech.
3	I give this 3 stars because I think I got food poisoning from here. I have been several times before and never had a problem, but this last time was a bad experience.. We went for my birthday too. I have loved this place every other time I have went. I hope this was a once in a lifetime experience for them. I will be back and hopefully I can keep my delicious ribeye down this time.. :)
4	I went here on a Monday night.  They had a live band,  who played country and rock music.  The place is built on the side of a big Hill.  The Rock from the hill is seen throughout the restaurant.  It has beautiful city views. The place definitely looks straight out of a western movie. The food on the other hand.  I ordered the NY stripe steak.  It was a little dry and very little flavor. The corn on the cob was delicious.  Drinks are reasonably priced. They bring a large salad and dinner rolls for the table.I really enjoyed the atmosphere,  music,  food and the waiter was hospitable.  I enjoyed my time here.  I may wished we would have came here earlier and had a longer night here.
1	First off I would like to say that our experience was like night and day compared to the last time we were here. It's funny that I went back and read my last review and I was surprised to see that I had ordered a filet again. I guess I must be a creature of habit. My tastes have not changed, but the service and quality of RR sure has.Let me start off saying that I made reservations weeks in advance. I reserved a booth like last time, and wanted this to be a special Saturday Night Mother's Day Dinner! Things just did not pan out that way. As we drove up there were no more handicap parking spots available. I asked the valet if there were anymore, and he said, "This is a busy place at 6pm and obviously there are a lot of retired individuals here". Well I'm not retired, but my Mother was planning on having us park in a handicap space. No biggie handed the keys to the valet. We were sat right away at a small table downstairs at the far East end. We had a nice view of the city, as well as being right next to the wait station. The evening went downhill from here.We ordered a shrimp cocktail, and some deep fired mushrooms & zucchini. They were very good, came out hot and the shrimp were large and tasty. We ordered Iced Teas & water and our server had a tough time refilling them throughout the night. Even when we would ask for refills ahead of time we had to wait. The salad was terrible! The lettuce was wilted with too much dressing. It tasted like it had been premade and holding somewhere waiting for the busy dinner push. My wife had a nice burger with onion rings and it was the best meal by far. Everything was hot and there was a lot of food. But one would expect that with a $14 burger. My Mother-In-Law had the ribs and she said they were done well and very tender. My Mother & I ordered the filet and I must say that it was plain, tasteless, and not worth it at all. It looked like it had been cooked and held in au jus or a steam well, and possibly microwaved to a hot temperature. I ordered mine medium and it was gray all the way through. I took one bite and was done. My server never asked how my steak was, or why I had not touched it or my beans and corn. When we were getting our plates cleared I asked if my meal could be taken off the bill and that I was not interested in anything else. He returned and said that the manager took my meal off our bill. My Mother on the other hand ate more than a few bites and hers was not taken off the bill. We did not order dessert and when outside to watch the sunset. I had made our reservations for 6pm so we could be outside by 7:19pm for the sunset. The views were awesome as always. It was unfortunate that there was a private party taking up over 75% of the patio, including the prime locations on the Westside where I enjoyed the fire-pits on our last visit. I do have to commend Tom Mills for getting back in touch with me. As I mentioned I've been a GM for some time, and I don't believe that 20% off was enough to entice me to go back. This is place that you take out of town guests to experience something special in Phoenix. I live in Ahwatukee and love to try and support local businesses'. Rustler's Rooste did ask to follow me on Instagram and inquired if they could post a picture of my Mother and I on the patio with the wonderful view in the background. This is my reply to Tom, I never heard back from him.Tom,First off I would like to thank you for getting back to me. I did follow Rustler's Rooste on Twitter for a bit, I even tweeted about how excited I was to take my family there. But all and all it was not a good experience. I pretty sure that Brain asked my dinner companions how their food was, not sure if he addressed me, pretty sure he did not. Obviously it doesn't take a mental giant to figure out that I did not touch my plate. The overall experience was lackluster at best. The food to me resembled something like a public school cafeteria meal. Like I had mentioned the salad was awful, and the green beans had been holding somewhere for a long time. I appreciate you extending an email to me. I am well aware of guest first service; every guest is my guest, want for nothing service, secret shoppers, and whatever Rustler's Rooste 10 Commandments are for steps of service. I have been a local restaurant general manager for years. You are welcome to look me up on LinkedIn. Thanks again for reaching out to me. I can honestly say that I don't think that I will take you up on your offer. I appreciate it and will save your email. Like I have previously mentioned I have been going to Rustler's Rooste since I was a bartender at Bobby McGee's in the late '80s. It used to be some place special to take out of town visitors, kind of a land mark if you will. I just think that time and expectations have changed.
4	Great ambiance and good food.  I had the popcorn snake cut out of a Diamondback.  Uhmmm...after a few bites, I couldn't stop thinking of what I was actually eating...the reptile that I despise the most.  But for the most part, it's worth the trip!
3	Rustlers rooste has been one of our family stay vacation favorite restraunts.s it so close to the resort we stay at, the atmosphere at this restraunt is awesome and the people are very nice. The food is good ad well.
3	Food wasnt bad but uber overpriced, and very touristy place!I had rattlesnake deep friend and a steak. I would not go back due to the high prices, but they are not catering to locals, just to snowbirds...View was pretty nice!
1	Fun place with a beautiful view. However, the food is gross. I ordered the NY strip, Hub ordered the burger. Son loved his kids' burger so that's good. I was off playing with our son, he loved the silver slide, whe our food arrived. When we returned to the table there were those little silver covers on my dinner and son's dinner. Husband was already enjoying his burger. I uncovered my steak and was about to dig in when hub said, "There is a huge hair wrapped around your steak." I looked and didnt see it right away but, BAM, there it was. I wondered if it was mine but it couldn't have been. No opportunity for my hair to get there and not exactly my color. The waitress was a sweet as could be about it and brought me a replacement burger. The burger tasted amazing but I kept finding bone chips. Gag!!! Anyway, when we got the bill, the waitress had NOT taken the steak off the bill! What?? My husband asked to speak to the manager and the guy was like, "You wanna come into the kitchen and look at my cooks? No long hair there!" as if to say that we had made the whole thing up and planted a hair! Anyway, he ended up taking the darn thing off the bill but I will NEVER eat there again.
2	So, I've lived in the valley since 1996 and I just had my first visit to the Rooste. My friends were in town staying at the resort, they invited me out, so up the hill we went. First impression-stinky cow by the front door...? Yuck! Our wait was about 5 min. Not bad (it was a Thur, around 8). Our table was great, the view of Phoenix was awesome. As for the food... first they bring out a basket of strange little flatbread things that weren't very warm. Almost like hockey pucks. Then out comes a salad with wilted iceberg lettuce that is covered in ranch dressing. Not great either. Everyone at the table ordered steak. My friend said her tenderloin was really good but I didn't taste it. I ordered the sirloin, it tasted good, it was tender, but it was just barely warm. It was obviously sitting in a warmer, and I would have liked a fresh cooked steak better.  The meal came with green beans, which I didn't even taste because they looked awful, and corn on the cob which looked like the little frozen cobs you get at the grocery store. The best part of my meal was the baked potato. It was delicious. We ordered a kids meal sirloin and the steak was cold and tough.The kids burger was decent. Now, the end of the meal was the strangest thing I've ever seen at a restaurant.  The busboy comes and motions to us to hand him our plates. He proceeds to dump ALL our food into the salad bowl, utensils included!! It looked just plain nasty. SO weird. Now that we are finishing up, the THREE kids are asking about the cotton candy they keep seeing go by. I tell our server we will take 3. She says "you only get one." I say "well, then we will purchase 2 extra."  She says "you can't buy extra" I'm like fine whatever. I'm all about kids sharing, but you're out to a nice dinner.. maybe a special occasion.. give each kid a cotton candy for cryin out loud. Then you leave and pass the stinky cow again. Fun. If I was staying at the Grand, I'd pass on this place and hit the Claim Jumper down Baseline....
4	We really do love this place.  However depending on how busy the place is, your experience can vary.  Sometimes the staff just goes through the motions and they try to rush you.Also kids eat free through labor day!
3	So while paying a visit to my company's Phoenix office I was taken here because its a tradition. I loved the view of the mountains and the skyline. I like the band playing a mix of country and Jimmy Buffet.  The food was just ok. The table gets a salad, iceberg smothered in ranch and a basket of bread.  I ordered a bone in ribeye. I normally order medium my first time at a new place and the medium was well done. I really enjoyed the sweat potato fries, but the order is big enough for the table and the one next to you. The cotten candy at the end was a nice treat.
1	I was astonished how bad the steak was at Rustlers Roost.  I ordered the T-Bone medium rare, a $23.00 steak.  My wife ordered the NY Strip.  Both were very, very poorly prepared.  Neither were finished.I should have known it was going to be bad when the waitress asked if I wanted A-1 sauce.  My steak was less than 1/3 inch thick and severely overcooked.  I would have returned it but didn't see the waitress again.  It had absolutely zero seasoning and tasted like cardboard.  I really was wishing I had asked for that A-1 Sauce (which I hate) I have had better steaks at the Waffle House.  If you want  a steak, go elsewhere.  A Big Mac would have been a step up from the meal I got at Rustlers Roost.  The restaurant has a nice view but the food is EXTREMELY sub standard.  I will NEVER EVER, EVER dine there again.
4	My nieces and nephew are in town visiting so we decided out take them out for a night to remember. Rustlers Roost once again did not disappoint. From the moment we started up the hill to the restaurant they were excited. They loved seeing the bull outside and the cave like entry. My niece looked like her eyes were going to pop out when the giant bowl of Mac & Cheese was put down in front of her. The highlight of the night was our visit to the dance floor to listen to the band and do a little dancing. The guys in the band do a great job interacting with the kids and really made their night by giving my niece their autograph. The reason for 4 stars this visit is because I think the food has gone down a little since our last visit although the beef ribs were  still good. Regardless, we will definitely be back for the view and the band.
1	For my boyfriend's 27th birthday I wanted to take him to a nice steakhouse. He suggested Rustler's Rooste as a nostalgic visit. As a kid, he remembers frequenting the restaurant to celebrate anniversaries, weddings and good company. I was very excited to take him to the restaurant for that purpose and it would be my first visit there. It will also be my last.When I arrived, a dead fly was on the salad plates that are on the table. When I told the waiter, he seemed rather unphased by the occurrence. I also asked that he provide straws for the water. After being away for some time, he arrived with our drinks and a small kids cup that held the straws. When I picked up the cup, I looked inside to find it was coated with what appeared to be paint chippings and dirt. It was like he grabbed the cup from the back of a dense closet. Our food arrived, but was left by the cook and we waited for our waiter bit to arrive and serve. I ordered the swordfish and it was very chewy. The steak was okay, certainly not worth the price. My boyfriend had the chicken- he was pleased with the barbeque, but the green beans were cold. The cowboy beans provided tasted like ketchup and pepper, absolutely horrible. I never received a refill, but our waiter was hard to find. He was pretty clueless. I think that reflects more on the restaurant than his skill sets. When we left it was a relief. The only reason I will go back is if I am asked to participate on Restaurant Rescue, or to save my unborn child's life.
2	Perks: fun atmosphere and great views. Cute slide from second floor that kids and adults alike were smiling as they went down. Probably one of the best views of the Valley and big outdoor patio that is great for photos.Cons: the food. Ugh. My burger was overcooked and the bun was hard. The fries were barely warm. My husband wanted a steak for his birthday which he described "was okay once he reached the middle." Vegetarian friend was served Mac and cheese with meat in it but server was very apologetic. Other friend said her beef ribs were pretty good, but, all in all, very overpriced for the quality of food. All that saves this place is the ambiance which, for some people, is enough. I personally, wouldn't return.
5	For first time in Az,place was an adventure from the parking down the hill (they have shuttles to the restraunt) to the entrace!!! horny! Lol we got there a lil after 5 and it was packed! Great food and service! We ordered all you can eat beef ribs $16.99 didn't even finish the last 1 lots of meat! They start you off w/biscuits yummy-cinnamon butter than salad also yummy. Huge Restraunt! Awesome view!
1	Tried having dinner there on Friday, August 16,2013. Just tried because when we checked in were told 30-35 minute wait. Ok with that even though it means standing in entrance hallway. 30 minutes later checked with hostess, she tilde 3 people in front of me. Then seated at least 5 tables. Checked in again, she told me I was next to be seated then seated 3 more tables. By now over an hour has passed, it is after 8pm. This time hostess gives me the line that she asked her manager 10 minutes ago to find us a table. Only 3 in our party, could see empty tables by the window the entire hour + we were there. Left hungry & not happy. Be prepared for a long wait.....
4	Went here for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding. The food was great, the service was great, the drinks were great. We ate outside and the view was spectacular. I'm a little bummed I missed out on the infamous slide, but next time for sure. My biggest issue was parking. Even on a Thursday night we had drive around for quite a while to find a spot. It was tough because our car contained a toddler, and a 7 months pregnant woman and we has to hoof it pretty far. Maybe a shuttle service from lower level parking would help.
1	Positives- view is great! Friendly staff, just clueless on policies and pleasing the customer.Cons- very confusing!!! You get a different answer to every question depending on who you ask but then it always comes back to no, we cant do that. Food was bad, nothing I would expect at a steakhouse. Both steaks were overcooked!We went there on a Thursday night as a treat to ourselves. Hadn't been there in years. We had our 2 yo with us since it was kids eat free, we thought it would be kid friendly. Saw that hh is only offered in the saloon upstairs so we decided to have a drink and app before going down to eat. The hostess let us know we could sit at any of the low top tables w/o a reserved sign or any hightop table. We chose a low top by the window because of our child. We sat there for awhile wondering if we had to go to the bar ourselves. Finally a lady comes up to us and says she was sorry and nobody wanted to come tell us but the table we were at was actually reserved. I guess if they have a red napkin it means reserved, the hostess was not aware either. So we ask where else we can sit. She says any of the high tops or at the bar. So I ask again to confirm that there is not a single low top table we can sit at with our 2yo?!? So since they can't accommodate us, we ask if we can get hh downstairs, no. They cannot do that, but we can grab our own drinks now and take them down with us, fine. So we get our drinks and take them to the table. Great view!! Skip ahead to ordering. Be prepared to pay extra if you are a meat and potatoes lover. All dinners are served with green beans and a tiny corn on the cob. Both were gross! Table gets a dish of cowboy beans that look and taste like they are just a few beans mixed into tomato sauce. My husband did not eat them and thats saying a lot!! A side of any type of potato is an extra $2-5 and hopefully everyone at the table agrees on one because they are huge sides. He ordered his prime rib med-rare and I order the filet med- well. When they showed up, I would have ate his steak! Both were overcooked. Mine had no pink at all but thats fine to me but his was so tough looking for a prime rib and had a sliver of pink only in the middle. In any other moment he would have sent it back but since at this point it was such a bad experience, all we could do was laugh and so he sucked it up and ate it. To top it off, the waiter tried to sneak one by us and charge us for the child meal. When we pointed it out he says," oh oops I gave you the old copy". Ya ok. We will NOT be going back to Rustlers Rooste!!
5	This place is great, food is great, staff is great.Been there several times and each visit everything is top notch.Steak, BBQ, band, service.Love the view too!!!!!Oh and yes don't forget the cotton candy!!!!Oh and the boots, boot mugs and boot shot glasses, yes, yes.Anyone visiting Phoenix needs to see the view also.I personally go back often and take visitors and Friends each time.
3	Lively place to bring large groups of people.  We came with a group of 20-30 employees and customers, and everyone seemed to enjoy the atmosphere.  The music was a nice touch (although a bit slow), and the food and steaks were ok.  There was HUGE table that was filled by the time we left with 100 or so people - it looks like accommodating large groups is their specialty.
4	Great big steaks that taste pretty good and are very reasonably priced.  The menu is pretty much limited to various types and sizes of steaks...which isn't a problem with me! The view from the restaurant is beautiful, as it overlooks all of Phoenix.I came in a group of about 25 people but since we didn't make reservations it would have been an hour before they could sit us.  So we decided to divide and conquer.They do have a slide near the inside entrance that goes to the lower floor, though reviews made it seem like it was huge. It's very short.  Live band was decent and a decent volume, not too loud.
3	Very well located with a fabulous view of Phoenix, AZ, this real cow boy booth is an excellent place for a party or a birthday celebration. The place is huge, like a multilevel barn, so avoid high heels. Better to come here with your jeans and boots. A group of staff, dressed as cowboys entertain the children too. The steaks are served with generous side plates of mash, beens and corn. I ordered my rustler's cut medium rare and it was well done. It was good but a bit dry. You can find decent wines in addition to the local brew.
3	Three stars mostly because of the view and decor. SUPPER touristy place. Nothing wrong with that but the food was meh. My wife and I shared the big sampler plate. A few of the items where good, most where over cooked.
3	Rustler's Rooste is a good place to go once at least once because of the novelty of being a restaurant on the top of a mountain. The view is beautiful. It is a neat place. I mean they have a bull out front at the entrance. Once you get in there is a slide or stairs. You can choose which you prefer to get down to the first level. They have live bands. They are usually older bands playing country music. They start you off with bread and it is delicious. The food on the other hand was decent but maybe not worth the price. It's fun to try once but the novelty quickly wears off. Parking somewhat sucks. Hope you don't have a hard type getting up stairs because you have to go up about 3 stories of stairs just to get from the parking to the restaurant.
3	So you don't go here for the food. The price is for the atmosphere and the view. The food itself is barely average. The chicken was dry. The steak was chewy. The burger was bland. The ribs were the best, but some of them were dry. The fry bed was really good and the honey cinnamon butter was great. My kids really enjoyed the cotton candy at the end and they loved the slide. Was it worth coming once for the experience? Sure. Will I go back? Nope. I can get better food elsewhere for half the price.
2	I can't be a huge fan of this place knowing there is so many other steakhouses out there that will serve a $20+ steak or filet cooked to absolute perfection. The sides are average at best. Green beans overdone, rice is tasteless, the only thing worth mentioning was the salad was actually decent! BUT...Only have ranch dressing or oil and vinegar. Really?! Finally, the view is spectacular, but doesn't make up for overpriced food with no personality.Service was mediocre at best.
3	Boy, where to start. If you are from the Denver area this can be compared to a steakhouse version of Casa Bonita. No cliff divers here, but you will find a bull, complete with smell at the entrance, a slide going from the main level down to the dining level, a live band and a dance floor that may or may not be flooded with a Sweet 16 party. The only thing this place is missing is a mechanical bull, which would definitely bump it up to four stars and guarantee repeat business from me. The food is average. We were brought biscuits and fry bread with two different types of butter. I found the biscuits to be too dry, but the fry bread was good. I mean, it's basically a donut, how can you not like it. I ordered checken with bbq sauce and a baked potato. All of their vegetables are pre-made and soaked in butter and the only salad dressing available without dairy was oil and vinegar. So, maybe not the best option if you are allergic to dairy or lactose intolerant. They bring a gigantic bucket of what tasted like bubblegum flavored cotton candy at the end of the meal. None of us asked about dessert, so I am no help there, sorry.The service, live music and the view were the best parts of this establishment. Our server had been working there 26 years and was so kind and helpful in making sure nothing I ate had dairy. They also have a bus that will take you back to your hotel, even if it is not close! So go ahead and have that top shelf margarita and cut a rug!
3	I've seen the light from I10 for the last 3 years since I've moved to Phoenix, and I've always was curious about this place. The setting and I assumed the views would be spectacular. So when my Uncle's Family came to visit from the Midwest, I decided to treat my Uncle for his Birthday at Rustler's Roost.  Let me just say that this place is not for everyone. Certainly not for someone who is about to celebrate his 78th.  At first impression, the place is Chaotic and LOUD.  Did I mention that it is LOUD.  If you like your dinner with a side of Screeching Teenage Girls and sing a long Happy Birthday, then welcome home.  Of the 2 hours that we were there, about an hour and a half were spent listening to that musical, over and over again. My uncle was not amused! I was embarrassed that brought the family in to this spectacle.  What is ironic, is that the food wasn't actually bad at all. My medium rare filet was very tender and flavorful.  No one at the table complained about the food.  Unfortunately, the setting made you forget the nice meal.
2	Kind of like Disneyland (Frontierland actually)  The prices are pretty low for the food described, but the quality and prep is mediocre at best.  Stuck at the AZ Grand Resort for a family wedding and avoiding the rehearsal dinner by saying I arrived too late.  Naughty me - maybe this is my punishment.Well, it's not that bad, but I would only come here for a birthday party for a child under 10, or when I'm a captive audience, like now.  We tried the rattlesnake with prickly pear cactus fries.  Definitely the highlight of the night.  Prime rib was cooked as ordered, but the meat was awfully chewy.  Sides included:Biscuits and fry bread with butter and spiced butter:  only had it one other time, but this definitely didn't measure, and the biscuits were not very goodGreen salad:  Fresh greens, but flavorless dressing and very little of itGreen beans:  Overcooked, but tasted as if they were freshCorn on the cob:  Watery, soggyBaked beans:  Pretty good, but very small quantityBaked yams:  Fresh, and well prepared, unfortunately, I'm not a yam fanService was very artificially friendly.Everyone raved about the view, but I was unimpressed with the lights of Phoenix.  I think I'm jaded.Food:  20/40Service:  15/20intang.Atm:  14/20Value:  16/20Overall:  65= D+= 2 stars
1	The only reason I give this place even one star is because the band was good.  Went in on a whim last night,  cool atmosphere.  The salad was soggy and tasted like it'd been sitting out for awhile. We shared a burger and fries. Fries were stale and cold and the burger totally fell apart.  We couldn't even eat it.  Tab for soggy salad, stale fries and gross burger-$47. Save your money. Dont go here.
5	Can I give this place like 100 stars?!?! The western atmosphere is FUN for the whole family, the food is great, you get a ton annnnnd they have fried rattlesnake (haven't tried it yet, but it is on my to-do). This is my "bring the out-of-towners" place. The views are spectacular, too!
4	I had my birthday party here last year, and have been here for other party's as well. The food for me hasn't been all that great.. The steak, while still good, was def. Over rare. The chicken wings, sliders, mozz sticks and mushrooms were good. Amazing views here!!!! The slide is soo much fun! We broke the rules and had a huge caterpillar slide! Pretty good strong drinks and fun atmosphere. Bartenders and servers were busy but always around for drinks and emptys.:) will be back!!
1	Gross! Waste of money. The service and the atmosphere weren't anything great either. It's sooooo dark too. I couldn't even see what I was eating. I think that's on purpose. When I tasted it I didn't need to see it. What happened to fresh food cooked to order? So sad I can't get my money back. Hurts to have money taken out of my pocket on Christmas. My dinner went to the trash. :(
4	While most restaurants are closed Christmas Day, Rustler's Roost keeps on roostin' with an attractive fixed menu featuring several notable dishes. Be sure to call ahead for reservations and make sure to confirm the morning of (they mixed up our time with our party size).We arrived about 20 minutes before our 7pm reservation and hung out on the upper level near the bar. From there, you can look down at the stage, dance floor and tons of families eating with kids having fun taking turns going down the slide adjacent to the stairs. Even some young-at-heart adults were using it. Once seated, we admired our fairly scenic view from atop the Arizona Grand.The menu that night displayed several sizes of prime rib, a New York steak, several seafood options and a turkey dinner. Three of us opted for the New York steak and my future mother-in-law had the turkey. I enjoyed the flavor of the medium rare cut, albeit chewier than I like. A dab of A1 sauce was a nice complement, or even the sauce from the Cowboy beans given to us to share. The turkey plate was the most attractive of all incorporating your usual Thanksgiving fare.Though I'm used to a Christmas dinner hosted at home, Rustler's Roost was a highly suitable alternative that could become a family tradition.
2	View was incredible. Service was quick and nice. Fried bread was delicious.  Steaks were mediocre.  Vegetables and sides were awful.
1	Awful...just awful, go somewhere...anywhere else the food is horrible!  The service is just bad too, rude waitress.
2	Food is good. Skip the rattlesnake tho. Unless you love breading dipped in ranch dressing. Cactus fries were pretty good. Bartenders just this side of rude. Gimmicky cowboy schtick they never quite pull it off tho. One time stop at this place.
3	Loved our sever Kyle Perkins please ask for him when you come.Every thing was good but steaks while cooked to the right temperature had no flavor
3	My husband ordered the rib eye steak, rare, yes it was! I ordered the prime rib-very good. Biscuits & fried bread with cinnamon butter, vege and cowboy beans, good meal for the price.  Country western music was giving us the atmosphere we enjoyed.
2	My friend was in town  from the mid west where it is below zero temps so I thought I would take him to Rustlers Roost to sit outside in nice weather and enjoy the view.  We arrive around 6:30 on Thur night to find out they are not offering outside seating tonight. On such a nice night, no outside seating? really? There was a 20min wait so we headed to the bar where we encountered a less than happy bartender. This is my 2nd time here and same rudeness at the bar. I asked for a glass when he gave me my beer and I never got one, same issue last time I was there.  We were seated in 15min. Our waiter was great. Our order included a hamburger and I got a rib eye. I ordered it med and got rare and there was way more fat than meat. terrible. My steak was not good the last time I was there but thought I would give it another shot. nope, just as bad.  the only food that was good was the corn on the cob, all other food, horrible. The band is too loud. All I could think of is when are they going on break!  another reason why I wanted sit outside so I wouldn't have to listen to that God awful loud music.  Bad choice to go there if you want good food and be able to converse with your friend.  Best thing about the place is the view.  I won't be returning.
4	Had a blast, the Rooste is a fun place, loud, crowded and huge.  Wifey and I went there because it was close to our resort.  Had steak and it was good not great but the rolls and butter were fantastic.  The cotton candy was fun at the end of the meal.  Great service and very quick once we got seated.
5	Great Service, Great Food and Great Views!I have been to The Rooste many times but have never given them the credit they deserve on a site like this. Every time I have visited this restaurant I have always walked out with expectations that have been exceeded. This is a great place to take visiting friends and family so they can get a true "taste" of what has been in Arizona for more than 40 years! They do it right! As others have said, this is the place that you go to if you want to have an experience from start to finish with cotton candy to finish... Nicely done Rustler's Rooste, nicely done!
2	The ambiance and view is a 10. The service is a 9. The food is a 3 and this is only for the bread that comes to the table and salad was not bad. I got the filet mignon and it was a sad unflavored steak.  I have had better at Denny's. ( back in the college days) The veggies that were once frozen and when reheated were mush.  The cowboy beans were ... I have no words. I am kind upset because it was Valentines day .  They really need to step it up and rethink their menu.  I would hate to see this place close
3	Rustler's Rooste is unique. I went with a large group as part of a conference but I can't even imagine going here as a regular dinner table of 4 people. The place is huge & loud. When we arrived we went in the door marked handicap access with my elderly mom. There was what looked like a hostess stand right there, but the young woman assigned there was not only clueless but she made zero attempt to be helpful. Initially telling us we had to go back outside & proceed upstairs to the main hostess. I said we'd entered via the marked handicap entrance intentionally but she looked at us with oblivion. I then explained we were with a large group that was sitting outside with picnic tables & without asking which group, pointed ahead & said to keep going "past the slide" & we'd come to a doorway where a host could show us the way. We walked through a maze which included a dance floor & found no one, but we proceeded outside to where we saw groups. Eventually, a nice waiter was gracious enough to look up our group name & show us to our groups very nice private dining area. Once we arrived, we learned there had been at least 2 more direct and far closer routes. The area our group had was really very nice. We had our own fire pit which was lit & of course the famous view of the entire Phoenix area. It was a really nice evening to be outside. The food was set up in our own buffet & is served in cowboy style metal pie pans. The food was average, but portions were quite generous, with everyone getting a full half of chicken, beans, corn, salad & biscuits. They even brought more fresh, warm biscuits to our table. There was also large slices of what was probably the worse apple pie I've ever tasted on a separate buffet. One of our guests learned that folks sitting inside got free cotton candy, so she got that ball rolling--a fun addition. Would I go back on a return to Phoenix? Likely not...this is more of a one stop novelty for me.
3	I went here with a large group of people and was easily accommodated. The service was great and the atmosphere was outstanding. Unfortunately the food just wasn't that great. My steak was very dry and the vegetables were mushy. Maybe the cook had an off night I don't know. If you specialize in steak you really need to cook the steak right. Would I go back, sure I would. The atmosphere and service warrant a second trip to give the food another try.
5	Great experience, good food, good service, fabulous atmosphere and gorgeous view from the patio.I would suggest this restaurant to all food lovers. The rattlesnake was tasty (first timer :)
2	3 for atmosphere and 1 for food. The view was really good, and the slide was really fun with the kids. Live band was ok and the bull was meh.. The food was absolutely horrible everything tasted pre made or microwaved it was really really bad I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
2	I was very disappointed that I couldn't make a food substitute because of a chronic illness I have. All I wanted was to substitute the corn on the cob and the rice for either mashed or baked potato.  I was told no and even after explaining way I was told no again. If you have IBD (CD or UC) or IBS, Celiac disease or any other food restricted disease, this is not a good place to eat at. I was charged extra for that potato.
3	I received a very nice call from management assuring me they do cater to special dietary needs. He reviewed this with the staff and I will go back. Thank you for understanding.
3	Go here if you're visiting Phoenix. It's a great one-time experience. The kids will like the slide, the adults will like the music and everyone will enjoy the view. The food is average for the price you'll pay. They do have rattlesnake as an appetizer and a chocolate eclair for those celebrating a birthday.
1	went there once before, great food, great service.  We took my girlfriends parents out to eat there sat nite, thinking it would be a cool AZ experience for them.  Was I wrong!  Waited almost an hour for a table(no biggie, it was a Saturday nite).  We ordered our food and one of chose the special that was posted on the table on a placard.  When our 4 entrees came out, the person who ordered the special(my GF dad) got something completely different!  The waitress apologized and said that special was from feb, this order was on MARCH 8.  So when the food finally came(e3 of the meals) the kitchen runner set it table side.  The waitress never came over to disperse the plates of  food, so I HAD TO DO IT.  3 of the 4 ate dinner, while the fourth entree was almost 20 minutes late to make up for the mistake, he had to choose another entree from menu.  The GM came over and wasn't too accommodating, offering a free dessert.  I wanted the persons meal who had to wait comped and he offered a 20 percent discount on it.  I will NEVER eat there again. The food was so-so.  Service was terrible.  AVOID!
3	Food was not great at all. Have been here on 2 occasions and was not impressed with the ribs (beef and pork), bbq chicken, or steak. The beef ribs did not have much meat, pork were very salty, steak was a bit tough and chicken was just okay (nothing special). The cotton candy is fun, and the scenery is beautiful, but that is as good as it gets. Have not tried anything else on the menu, but would go again, as there may be something on the menu with flavor. Kids will enjoy the slide and atmosphere, and the live music is nice.
3	Meh.  The fantastic views make up for the mediocre food, but only just.  Most of the meat at our table had been over cooked, and did not justify the somewhat exaggerated prices.  Try the (expensive) rattlesnake with prickly pear fries.  That was about the best highlight.
3	Prime rib was good, and the kids' meals were good sized portions.  The hostess was not so much rude, but indifferent-wrong person to greet people.  It was a mediocre experience.
3	I see a lot of bad reviews and a lot of good reviews on here. I won't let them influence me and I'll give it to you straight. Rustler's Rooste wasn't a "classy" place by any means. Some people expected a top notch eating experience, and that's not what it is. 1.) Good atmosphere- live music and southwest feel2.) Spotty service- felt like I was being ignored a little bit3.) Decent food- aside from the rattlesnake, the rest of the food want special. It was nice that they kept us busy with bread and salad, and even brought cotton candy out after our meal, but the streak was subpar and the vegetables were undercookedWhile this place wasn't awful, it wasn't amazing either. Little kids won't know the difference and it might be a pleasant experience for you.
2	The attitude of the staff was unlike anything I have experienced in this area.  And I don't mean good!  We  were met with by a rude hostess who directed us to the bar where we waited 20 for a drink.  There were 5 other tables - all of whom seemed to be getting attention.  We returned to the hostess when the restaurant dining opened and were told to pay our bar tab and wait by the railing.  We did that.  We requested outside seating, but were told by the hostess that she "didn't have her sheet yet".  Not sure what that meant, but we were not seated at any of the many open tables outside.  Several parties were seated out there  as we dined inside and watched.  We also sat and watched as all the tables around us were served bread, but we did not get a bread basket until we were 1/2 way through our entrees.  Two people in our party of 6 were brought the wrong meals, so rather than giving them the option of eating the mistake or waiting for the correct meal, the incorrect meals were whisked away..  We were told we could only put  everything on one check....which is ridiculous! They seemed kind of angry that we even suggested  a check for each couple.  The food was  ok but  sub par compared to other restaurants .  If you want to see the view, drive up and take a look, but skip the restaurant.
1	they make smaller tables wait longer to be sat and the food is not that great you can get better food at mid level steakhouse
1	AWFUL! To call this a steakhouse is laughable. Best I can say is mediocre over priced nursing home food. Staff approached us as if we were lucky to be there. Went with pre teens, too noisy to chat and not a one in my party enjoyed their food. Waste of time and money.
3	I wish I could say that I was completely satisfied with my experience here. Positives: really neet place for kids. There is a pretty sweet slide that takes you down into the main dining area, live music in the evening, and beautiful views of the valley. So, the ambiance is fun.Negatives: In my opinion, the food is NOT worth the price. First of all, you have to pay extra for sides like baked potato. This kind of a side is typically included at most steakhouses. They do serve bread which is super yummy. However,  the salad is a bagged salad,  not at all fresh and tastes horrible. I ordered the prime rib, I liked the seasoning but it was not medium rare as ordered. Like my vegetables, it was overcooked.  The veggies were not fresh and again, overcooked. When you pay$20 for a plate, you expect much more. Our waitress was inattentive and disappeared for a significant amount of time. There is a magician that comes around to the tables which I find annoying and uncomfortable.  I never carry cash, so I just sat there hoping he would skip us which he did.  As he passed by I got a huge whiff of cologne...nothing goes together like Old Spice and steak.  I will say that my son enjoyed the fried chicken and my husband liked his enchilada and steak plate.  However,  we could have had better food for less at Outback. Bottom Line: you are paying for the experience, not the food. Fun to do once, but $75 was a hefty price tag for subpar food. But hey... you do get cotton candy at the end of your meal,  so that's a plus!
1	DONT waste your money. Inferior beef, inferior service wilted warm salad and zero appeal. What a huge disappointment. The food was TERRIBLE!  The first order was prime rib. It was served swimming in water from the unseasoned frozen vegetables and had absiolutely no flavor. That was exchanged for a piece of meat named as a fillet of beef on the menu. It was the most inferior fillet ever served   YUK! Our guest ordered a medium rare New York strip.  It was served well done. Our guest was too polite to complain. My husbands bone in rib eye was a tasteless overcooked disaster. The only edible thing on the table was the cotton  candy.  What a sad experience. I came home and made a fried egg sandwich as I was so hungry. Not worth going  to even for the view.  Zero stars.
3	I wish I would have been in the mood for a place like this but I was tired and hungry and irritated that they didn't do take out.  However, I decided I'd go it alone (I was traveling for business), make my order, get a to go box and be on my way.  This is the kind of place you don't want to go it alone. Not because it's scary but because it is TOTALLY lame when you're alone.  I had no idea it would be so, hmmm, country and lively?  The building sits atop the city on a hill.  Would love to have seen it during the daylight as well.  And it's big! As soon as you get to the entrance you're greeted by a longhorn steer named Horney.  When you enter you climb your way into the restaurant through a wooden path that looks like an old mine.  Think amusement park ride.  Then when you get in it is BUSY! People everywhere. Floors are uneven. Loud, live music.  It would have been a 45 minute wait so I opted for a seat at the bar.  However, the woman who sat me didn't explain that if you sit at the bar you can only order appetizers. Well she was in luck because that's all I wanted, but it would have been nice to know that was my option!I came for the rattlesnake bites and cactus fries, but ended up also ordering some wings because you only get about an ounce of meat with the rattlesnake bites.  The bartender, though busy, did find the time to take my order and tried to accommodate me. Looking around at the sea of bodies, I completely understood why he wasn't super attentive.  The food was ok. I just wanted to add another unique food to my list.  The rattlesnake was heavily breaded, chewy and kind of like chicken. Not much meat in those bites, though. The accompanying sauce...ick.  There were plenty of cactus fries and they reminded me of fried pickles.  The wings were delicious!  So glad I got those because I wasn't a big fan of the fries after the first few bites.  If I make it back to Phoenix, I might give it another go (but will try a steak or something else). Like I said, it's better with company.  If you're looking for a quick to go order on a business trip on a night where you're dead tired, I'd just avoid it.  It sounds like this place could be quite an adventure. From the website:Rustler's Rooste has it all.  Our critter out front, an enormous long horn steer named Horney greets you upon arrival.  Open the door and enter part of an old mine shaft to the top floor to our Mountaintop Saloon.  Saunter over the indoor waterfall and take our Famous "Tin" Slide into the dining room. (for the faint of heart, there's a staircase).   Enjoy the live country western band and our strolling cardshark/magician.  The building is bordered on the north side by plate glass windows so there is a view form every seat in the house. Rustler's Rooste was founded in 1971 and is still family owned and operated.  The legend goes that the original site, atop a butte in the foothills of South Mountain, was a hideout for cattle rustlers.  Today it is firmly established as the valley's highest and brightest beacon of the total cowboy western experience.
1	This is a popular western themed restaurant serving mounds of fried food, pineapples filled with coleslaw, fries older than time, decibel blowout,  too loud for conversation, but beautiful views....the platter meal is 21.95 per person and we decided to pass on it as it was dark fried food....My $14.95 burger consisted of salad, drenched in dressing and croutons, fries were so wrinkled and cold, they were inedible.  The waiter will charge you if you want a substitute food!!!   The burger meat was dry and underwhelming for that price!   Others at the table ordered fried chicken, white meat, for $16.95.  The chicken breast was massive,  dry and rubbery.  Included were mushy vegetables, that were unrecognizable. The place seems worn out and dirty.  A western band took up the rest of the sound in an already chaotic place.  The restrooms were small for such a gigantic place, two seats and the air was hot for some reason...parking down a hill, not OK!Please don't waste your money as it was extremely disappointing.
3	Definitely a nice place to go for ambiance if not food. BBQ places to me are pretty much all the same when it comes to food, as I really can't tell the difference between a $10 and $30 steak. Sometimes I even eat them -gasp- medium well. Scenery's great.
5	Get a table near the window at sunset. Priceless. We love taking out of town guests to the Rooste. Order the rattlesnake appetizer for a unique treat.  If you are going to take a large group, call ahead for a reservation (request the window view). You HAVE to slide down the slide, yes, i said slide! you can take the stairs, but I think all first timers to the Rooste should be required to slide. Great cowboy atmosphere, live band most nights. Love this place.
5	Excellent!!! first thing the view is just amazing you can see the all city from here we got here on sunset and it was just great, nice view nice wheatear. We started with the fried mushroom that were tasty and I ordered some steak from their specials but it wasn't good for my taste so I asked to change it and without a word they just took my dish and replaced it with the New York stake that was tasty.Service was friendly and fast.It's a nice authentic experience We had a lot of fun
2	Worst service!!!! I ordered a steak medium well it came out swimming in blood :( asked to fix it and they destroyed it. The waitress and manager very inattentive and rude. Even though it is a beautiful view do not expect what you are paying for you get $5 service and good at a $25 price. The bus boy was the most attentive person at our table :)
2	This place is super cute. The slide is a blast for kids! The food is alright. Just alright. The service is not good at all. We came for my best friend's birthday and upon arrival we were told the wait would be 45 minutes. We asked if we could sit in the bar area to order a drink and we were told we could order drinks and appetizers while we waited. So we ordered some snacks and drinks. We were hungry! About three minutes later they said our table was ready! We wouldn't have ordered all the snacks if we'd known the wait would only be three minutes! We asked the server what happened and she was rude and dismissive. Totally not apologetic. The service in general was unappreciative and smug. Definitely didn't feel appreciated at all. We ordered dessert to go and they didn't give us napkins or utensils. Bummer.
1	Worst service EVER for large parties. We had a party of 12 in celebration of my father in law's 50th birthday. We ordered our food and it took over a hour and a half for it to come out!!! I'm sorry but that's just terrible. Every time we asked the waiter about our food he said "Oh, it will be out in a few minutes". We watched every table around us eat their food and leave before we even got our food. These parties were anywhere from 6-10 people so I don't understand why it took so long for 12 people. The food itself was nothing impressive either. The best part about the dinner was probably the Indian fry bread. Everything else was edible.We will definitely never be eating here again.
4	We go as a family several times a year. The menu is pretty simple and everything starts with salad served family style accompanied by biscuits and fry bread. I always order the all you can eat BBQ beef ribs and they are excellent. I personally believe that these are the best value on the menu. I take the bones home for my dogs, and they love them. The steaks look good, as does the prime rib. Fine dining it isn't, but it's a fun place with live music ,balloon artists and a magician making the rounds at the tables. Their is a slide that can take you down to the dining room, or you can enter the more traditional way. Lighten up and take the slide.
2	Let's be clear: this place is a gimmick.  It's a corny, western-themed place to take out-of-towners who haven't been to the Southwest.  They do the gimmick thing well, and it is what it is.  If you want an absolutely delicious meal in a pleasant environment, go elsewhere, but if you want somewhere silly to take a family member as a funny 'intro' to Arizona, this will work.I'm definitely NOT knocking the gimmick thing.  It has it's place and is great for a laugh.  That's where the two stars come from, because they know what they are and you get exactly what you'd expect: mediocre food at a high price while surrounded by heavily-themed EVERYTHING.As a foodie, though, I do have to knock the prices and food quality separately from the 'gimmick' side of this place.  It's not bad food, but it definitely isn't great either.  Very mediocre.  On the plus side, my steak was cooked perfectly (med. rare) which I always appreciate, but that's about the only thing that stood out as positive.  The salad was way too heavy on the dressing and the biscuits in the bread basket tasted like canned biscuits.  The real downside to this is the pricing...very expensive! It helps to think of it as you're paying for the gimmick experience and the great view, not just the food.  I've heard their cocktails and margaritas are good, so that's a plus.Overall, come here once when you want to bring out-of-towners, but don't plan on it becoming a regular favorite.  They do what they do relatively well, but it's not really worth multiple return trips.  Come at sunset!
1	I ordered the Big Burger and was sorely disappointed. The burger patty was over cooked, soaked in grease, and tasteless. The fries were nothing special nor were the onion rings. The atmosphere was loud as to be expected, the waitstaff was pleasent enough; however, most barley spoke english. At least the free cotton candy was good....that's about it. Super disappointed and I will not be returning anytime soon. This place needs to focus less on the decor and atmosphere and more on the food.
4	Rustler's Rooste is a super cool place!!   The view is awesome, love the slide, especially for the kiddos!  Very quick service for our large party - thank you Mark Johnson!!
4	I like this place...Saw dust on the ground, country music in the back, great views, and a small slide to get you into the restaurant. I went last night with my son. A balloon guy and magician approached our table and made waiting for our food fun. I might normally have been annoyed because I had to tip but, because I had my son I was truly grateful. Free cotton candy with dessert! And quite possibly the best chocolate cake anywhere. Yes, I just said that! It's true!
3	I read a lot of reviews before eating at the Rooste.  I was worried, to say the least.  The reviews I saw were terrible.  My parents, my son and I went together at about 5:30 pm on a Monday night.  Here are the points:1. Our waitress was attentive and very adorable.2. We enjoyed seeing the longhorn at the front door.  He was lying down, so his odor was at a minimum.3. The "mine" entrance was fun, and my 14 yo had just toured a mine the day before, so that made it more interesting to us.4. My son wouldn't go down the slide, but my dad and I both slid into the restaurant.  The little kids sliding there were adorable.5. The upstairs bar area looked nice, and had a better view, so next time I might opt to stay upstairs and just go for the appetizer menu if that's what they serve there.6. We were seated quickly at a window seat down stairs by the patio.  The view is good.  We could see Camelback Mountain.  The view upstairs would be a lot better, in my opinion.7. There were a lot of small children.  A lot.  But they were well behaved and it didn't get too noisy.  Some have complained about the noise, but being early on Monday, the place wasn't full8. The live band was good and where we were seated it wasn't too loud for talking to each other.Overall, we enjoyed the Wild West theme.  It isn't too overwhelming if you are ready for it.  The view and the theme are the reasons to go to this place.Now for the food.  Remember that this place is more about atmosphere, and less about the food.  And the food is meant to be simple cowboy food, not gourmet.  It was good for me to start with very low expectations.1. We were served a bowl of bread.  The Indian Fry Bread was really pleasant.  I would like to learn to make those little breads.  The biscuit was not good.  It was dry and hard.  I ate mine.  It was a waste of space in my stomach.  I recommend skipping the biscuit.2. A family bowl of salad came next.  It is pre-tossed with ranch dressing.  The salad was fine.  It is like a standard iceberg/red cabbage mix.  We thought it had just the right amount of dressing tossed on.  It was not drenched in dressing.  Thank goodness.  After all the terrible reviews I had meant to ask for the dressing on the side, but forgot.2. I ordered the Big Burger  It was definitely good.  I ordered medium-rare and it as perfectly cooked, and was large and juicy.  It came with fries and onion rings.  I love onion rings, and I felt the onion rings at the Rooste were very good.  The french fries on the other hand, were just OK.  I didn't finish them because they were not really crispy.   3. My Dad ordered the veggie burger.  It was just OK.  Unless you are a vegetarian, don't get this.  It was more expensive than our delicious real beef burger.  He said the vegetarian chili was good.4. My Mom ordered a steak and vegetables.  Her steak was medium-rare just as she ordered.  It was big and juicy.  She loved it.   Very good.  Her vegetables were steamed, not seasoned, but she said they were good.  The corn on the cob was good.  Not over-cooked.I wanted to order dessert, but was too full.I doesn't get a four or five star because the food is western, which to me is rather plain.  There was nothing outstanding or exotic about the food.  Plus it was a little expensive.  $14.95 seems like a lot to pay for a burger.  Although, it was huge and came with a lot of bread and salad...Overall we had a great experience.  When we left there was a cowboy roping metal calves on the patio, and the band was singing pleasant country music.  I would definitely go back.
5	An absolute must if here to visit or down for a good time this was my first time and Kevin our waiter made it one to remember. The prim rib was perfect and the view was a great treat. When you walk in your greeted by no other than alive bull. Will definitely come back and will be bringing friends family and guest that visit az.
2	Our last visit 06/26/2014 was disappointing. The steak, a rib-eye, was excellent and very tasty, however it ends here. The vegetables, broccolli and carrots, were smothered in peppercorn to the point they were inedible. The fact that no other vegetables were available is mind boggling. The cowboy beans were doused in ketchup. This is unfortunate because in September, 2013, our previous visit, the food was much better. This time we ended up only eating the steaks. Shame!
3	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  This seems to be consistent from visit to visit.  I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy the views from this hilltop location!
4	Went to RR with a group of 15 and had a great time. The accommodated our group very well and we had great service. The decor was like you were in a western mine and saloon. There is a huge long horn cow out front at the entrance, and when you enter you take a slide down to the lower floor. The food was very good and portions were plentiful. There was live music and Lind dancing which made a great atmosphere. Views from the outside were nice since the restaurant sits atop a hill looking over east Phoenix. If you stay at the Arizona Grand this is a must visit. Oh and it's family friendly.
4	My mother and I always go here when I am in town. The food is excellent and the view can't be beat!  Last night I ordered the steak and enchiladas and it was amazing! The beans that came with my meal are the best I have ever had... A tad bit spicy, but awesome!  My steak was juicy and cooked to perfection. I was completely stuffed. At the end of the meal, the server brought out a can of cotton candy. Funny... There is always room for cotton candy!  I inhaled it. ;)  The only negative thing that I can say about this place is that the band is way too loud. If you want to have any sort of conversation at dinner, ask for a table away from the band.
4	We were staycationing at The Arizona Grand so we came here for supper. I wasn't expecting much as the reviews were just so so. It was more about the slide and the kitchy-ness really. Imagine my surprise when everything was delicious! From the fry bread and biscuits brought before the meal to the well seasoned veggies and the excellent steak! I had the filet and my boys had the porter house and a sirloin cut. Everyone enjoyed their meal! They fell short in  few areas. The side of sauteed mushrooms I ordered were not good. They were not seasoned at all. I sent them back. The potato skins we had ordered for apps never showed up. We asked about them and when they showed up they had green onions on them we had asked to be left off. Also, they had wandering balloon sculptors and card trick magicians going from table to table working for tips. It was kind of irritating when they didn't take the hint we were not interested in them coming to our table. All in all a solid experience though really. Better than I had expected :)
3	The decor is great. The slide and the bull are perfect to keep kids entertained.  Our service was excellent very friendly and professional. This is definitely a place to bring kids not go on a romantic date.  The food was not good.  Steaks were way over cooked and cold. The beans liked and tasted like they came out of a can. The bread was amazing. It was basically like paying for the experience not the food.
4	We are a family of 5.  Triplet Boys that are 9 yrs old.  Staying at the AZ Grand, we decided to have dinner here.  Pleasantly surprised.  Kids loved the slide and the games.  Band was fun.  Food was good.  Entrees are large and can easily be shared.  Kids automatically get a cotton candy for dessert.  Overall a great experience.
5	I don't know why this place has such bad reviews. We are staying at the Arizona Grand Resort and came here twice in 4 days. We were pleasantly surprised by everything about this place. The bull in front was fun for the kiddos. The slide was a hit! Kids eat free all summer long!! They bring you free salad and rolls AND free cotton candy at the end of your meal. Not to mention everyone who works there is SUPER nice and friendly!! This will definitely be one place we will miss when we go home! Thanks for making this a place that my kids will NEVER forget!!!
5	We have lived in the valley for 20 years and have never come up here for dinner. My husband made reservations and we had a very short wait on a Friday night in the summer. Now in the winter not sure about the wait time.We got there just before sunset and it was amazing. The view is beyond breathtaking and worth the drive alone. Once at our table the menu was a bit confusing as it looked like a newspaper with nothing inside. They charge for soda water which is a bummer...but plain water is okay. The salad is served family style with the dressing already on it. I just asked for more plain salad to mix with the other salad. The dressing is very good. I ordered a steak well done and I should have ordered either pork chicken or salmon. I am not a big steak eater. Of course it was a bit dry and chewy. The corn was to die for as were the steamed veggies. The cowboy beans were okay just not my thing. The biscuits were a bit tasteless but the honey butter added flavor but I wasn't wanting to eat that much of it.They do have dessert but the stock standard is bringing cotton candy to everyone. You can line  dance and enjoy the patio overlooking the city for as long as you want too. Will come again.
2	I had been there before years back. Great location , live country music something different , but the food was too bad to give it more than 2 stars. Service was quick and friendly but what they served was awful . Seemed like everything was old and flavorless. Like it was sitting around for hours before serving  even the baked beans made canned super market beans seem gourmet . Dried out ribs, something that was supposed to be steak and seafood that was a war crime . Pass on this place and enjoy many of the other fine places in town. They clearly don't care
4	This place was great!! Atmosphere, the band, food, and views, and service made this place a great experience. I can't wait to take my friends here! I will be back.
2	Way too loud if you want to hear the person next to you. The steaks are good but sides are just average. The fried chicken was tasteless but juicy. The salmon was dry. Not a good place for a date.
1	Terrible place. Animal cruelty is the first thing you witness when walking in the door. A beautiful Texas Longhorn bull shoved into a tiny cage in the baking heat is bad enough, but the bull is obviously being neglected, extremely. He has open wounds that flies are festering, overgrown nails that he can barely walk, dirty green water, etc etc etc. I was so disgusted with this abuse I didn't want to enter. I did only because it was a friend's bday - and the food and service were awful to top it off. Stay away!!!!
2	Location: very unique up on small mountain side. Provides a very nice view. Decent amount of parking. Service: very good. Very friendly hostess and waiter. Food quality: rolls and salad tasted good. Nothing mind blowing but good. I ordered the rib eye. Not bad. Also not good. Imagine buying the lowest level grade steak from the store and cooking it without much thought. No crazy spices. Edible but not great. Came with vegetables that didn't look terribly healthy. I wasn't expecting fine dining but was hoping for more. Was there with 4 other people and the feeling towards the food was mutual among us. Ambiance: it was ok. A bit loud but I was sort of expecting that after walking past the huge smelly bull out front :) I did take the slide which was funny. Would I come back:  unlikely. I'm glad we tried it so I can say I've tried it but the food wasn't terribly enjoyable and it certainly wasn't cheap so there are much better options in that part of town.
4	One of my fondest memories of growing up is eating at restaurants on my birthday. It was an occasion that conjured up the entire waitstaff, as they clapped their hands (and probably rolled their eyes), sang happy birthday, and delivered me a massive dessert adorned by a tiny glowing birthday candle. My twins just turned 5 and I wanted them to also have that delightful moment of abundant attention and sugar.  So, I started to look for places that would sing happy birthday.  Apparently, this is yet another thing to file in the "good old days" category.  Supposedly My Big Fat Greek Restaurant sings happy birthday in Greek...which sounds interesting, unless you are a 5 year old.Rustler's Rooste was suggested and it is true - they do sing happy birthday!  However, for a $15 price  tag.  But!  You also get a cowboy hat.I have to give them props for keeping the birthday spirit alive and well, even if it is no longer free.  The candle-lit dessert that arrives is enough to feed 3-4 people.  It is a football-sized eclair, oozing with whipped cream (my favorite food), and drizzled with chocolate (my second favorite food).As for the rest of the food....it is okay.  The meal starts with complimentary bread and butter and salad (ice berg lettuce, cucumber, a few cherry tomatoes and croutons).  I do appreciate getting food immediately, even if it is mostly iceberg lettuce and chewy bread.For the meal, I had the "catch of the day" which was ahi tuna.  It was well seasoned, but it could have been more pink.  I will say the exact same thing about my husband's steak.  The kids-meal portion of macaroni & cheese was terrifyingly huge; I think it was the largest portion size among the entire table.  I was relieved I opted to get steamed broccoli instead of french fries that came on the side.  But this may just not be the place you go for a fine-dining experience.  It is a place you go for a fun-dining experience.  There is a slide that all the kids love...and maybe some adults (*cough*) enjoy it as well.  There is also a big cow  that greets you at the entrance.  Does it emit a smell that I want to smell right before eating? Probably not.  But I will give it a few points for having such large, curly horns.
4	This is a fun, affordable, kid friendly restaurant! I've read some negative reviews on food quality but I felt it was good for the price point. It's not fine dining but it's good food. We went during a visit to the AZ Grand hotel and walked out at $50 with 2- cocktails and having fed 4 kids, amazing! Kids eat free in the summer and you can't beat that! The slide, music and complimentary cotton candy make this a great experience for the whole family!
5	Our family loves this place.  It's fun, has a great view, and has good food.  It's family friendly.  If your expecting fine dining, it's not for you.  A great country feel with good BBQ and big portions here.  We've been here a handful of times and always have good service.  The rolls and fry bread with cinnamon butter are yum.  The family style salad is basic but good.  The all you can eat ribs are really good.  I haven't had anything I didn't like yet.  It's fun for special events and groups. Come for the atmosphere and a relaxed country meal and you won't be disappointed.
2	I give them 2 stars because the idea and ambiance is really good. My date and I had Long Island ice teas which were really watered down and it wasn't a great start. Tried the onion rings and they came out burnt. On the meal she got the filet and I got the rib eye. Her steak was good and cooked well while mine was dry and over cooked. The cowboy beans were dreadfully awful compared to steakhouse or western standards. The salad was watery from too much ranch. The corn on cob was very nicely done though. Service was slow but adequate. Adrian just seemed overwhelmed by the busy atmosphere. He was really nice though and did what he could to make the experience better. I would say that you can come here for the ambiance and great views from the patio but if you are expecting above quality service and good you will be disappointed.
1	Seriously, do not go here. The food was inedible, the service was worse. I know it's a gimmick for tourist but that is no excuse for badly prepared, badly cooked and over priced food. Sent the rattle snake back because it was breaded hard hockey pucks and the servers response was "what did you expect".  Figured the burger would be safe and what I got was a frozen burger that was cooked to death. (I ordered it rare) I could go on and on but save your money and go elsewhere. I'd give it 0 starts but thats not an option. On the up side the view is nice.
1	This place was great - many years ago.  Sadly, it's a shadow of its former self. Sure, the place still has terrific views but that's it.  The tables and chairs are rickety and aren't cleaned often, as using my hand to pull my own chair in found at least two used pieces of gum affixed to the underside.  My wife and I quickly ordered macaroni and cheese for our two year old son while we looked over our menu options.  The mac and cheese arrived within two minutes - clearly it's made en masse - but was overcooked and lacked any discernible flavor.  This should have been all the warning we needed, but instead we forged ahead and ordered the "Cowboy Stuff" platter for two.  At $21.95 per person it seemed like a good value for all it promised; BBQ chicken and ribs, skewers of beef, chicken, and seafood, baked potatoes, corn, the works.  What was delivered was a baking sheet with all the aforementioned food loaded onto it, but with whole carrots with the green stems still on, celery stalks with leaves on it, and so on.  It looked like someone had been foraging in the woods for our dinner.   It was accompanied by a very forgettable salad that had tons of dressing, yet lacked flavor of any kind.  Then came the taste test of our main course.  The name of this restaurant really should be "Overcooked and Flavorless" because the trend started with our son's unfortunate kid's meal was consistent across the entire meal.  My son needed to use the restroom, so we headed off in that direction.  The baby changing station isn't even in the bathroom, but affixed to a wall out in the hall for all to see.  Walking into the bathroom, we took one look at the dirty, dank surroundings and immediately headed the other direction.  We'll wait, thanks.  Getting back to the table and trying my food, I decided to ask for the manager to voice my concerns.  Unbeknownst to me, my wife had already spoken with him.  When he arrived, he seemed exasperated and told me, "I already told her I'd replace the meal with something else and she said no.  What else do you want?"   Um, well NOTHING now, pal.  So sorry to be an interruption to your evening of overcooking and underseasoning everything.  We won't be back again.  Ever.
2	Went here for dinner a couple of weeks ago because my fiance and I were feeling nostalgic. We both loved this place when we were younger. Well, now that I am an adult, I finally understand why no one ever wanted to go to Rustlers Rooste but me. This is not the kind of place that you go to for the food. This should be a drinks only stop. The food was below average and took nearly 40 minutes to arrive. We ordered our steaks medium, they came out lukewarm and bloody. Nachos were generic, tasted like they had been microwaved to melt the cheese. Several tables around us made complaints and sent their food back. I will say that their saving grace is their fry bread, drinks and view. After "dinner" we were able to take our beers outside on the patio and watch the sunset. It was beautiful to see the valley from the top of the hill so at least the night was not a total waste.
5	Had an awesome experience food was great live country band customer service was great.  Had the ultimate Margarita hands down it was great.  View was beautiful will definitely recommend it.  Great for friends or a date night.
5	Awesome place. Steak cooked perfectly, service a little slow but is to be expected when the place is packed
5	I'm from Dallas so I didn't expect this to be very true to the name but I was corrected as soon as I got there. First thing you see when you enter is a big white and brown bull in the bull pen. They start off with a great family style salad, and biscuits with fried Indian bread. I ordered the 10oz Rustlers Cut Steak was amazing. It was very juicy and properly seasoned. The beans they served them with were great as well. One thing that they served that was amazing were the sweet potato fries. These bad boys were sweet and tangy, tasted just like curly fries. The atmosphere is kind of like a dance hall set up. The have a slide you can ride on to get to the second level. Yes a slide. Definitely a great family place to hit up if you are in town.
5	One word: AWESOME!We had a great waiter named Kevin, who was helpful with the menu, funny, and made sure we were always happy and having a good time.The bread is phenomenal, the family style salad is huge and unlimited. I got the all you can eat beef ribs and they were great. Had a couple that weren't very meaty, but that's okay because I ordered more. My next plate was out about 2 minutes after ordering them, which out waiter was constantly asking.Went on a Friday night, and the place was packed. Live music. Great atmosphere. Can't wait to go back.
3	A couple Novembers ago....Went with another couple who are strictly meat and French fries eaters ( nothing green, not even green Jell-O).The big steer at the front door, well, ok. The big slide down to the next level, well, ok. The view of the city! Now you got something.My date and I had the rattlesnake bits. You could make this your main meal.The rest of the food was institutional style with no attempt of any elegance whatsoever. Picture, Golden Corral upscale.One and done, no reason to go back.
5	Went here based on a recommendation from a fellow Yelper, and glad we went! The Steak was real good, same with the beer. Basically here is the warning, if you come here, you better come here with a Cowboy appetite! The portions you get are pretty good size (I didnt get it, but saw they have a 2 pound steak!) the service is real good, and prompt, they had a live (I guess its better then a dead group? LOL) Country Music group that I thought was pretty good. The only negative I can find with this place is that its a little dark inside, so had to have wife use her phone flashlight in order to get the pictures here.A huge plus in my books, is that they have Pepsi products, but this time went with a Beer, and it was the blonde beer from some brewery (I forget the name)
5	My experience was always good. Around four visits.Enjoyed everything from steak to snake and slide.View was nice and service was good. Last group was ages preteen to 70+ years. Lady in her seventies thoughr rattlesnake was very good chicken.
3	This is a must see for its views and atmosphere. While you're waiting on your food, you can boot scoot boogie on the dance floor, kids can ride a slide by the front, and you can get some good pics out back.I was w/ a group. We tried most of the apps...potato skins, fried cactus, fried rattlesnake,  etc. They were just ok, but definitely not if you're trying to eat healthy. I'd say go once to say you went.
4	This place is definitely fun for the kids.  Place is unique.  Steak was good but I enjoyed the views more.  (Both of the city and my bf!  Lol).  They have rattle snake on the menu but didn't try it.
5	I give this place a solid 5 stars not only. Because the food but because the ambiance and atmosphere.  As I walked up to the door I took a wiff of a foul smell. I was like it smells like a barn. Sure enough they had a long horn outside. This place had live music and a good single mault selection.  The server was a cute blode in a white had with jeand and smoking lol. The chicken wings were goodd and all your drinks come like in jars.I had the prime rib and It was Devine.  It was cooked properly and almost moving. The place had lots of things to look at and a slide ftom upstairs to down stairs.  The view is amazing and at nightu can see the city and all the lights from a distance.
4	I have read the reviews on the Rooste and it appears to me that you either Love this place or you Hate it. I will give tell you of my experience as I have no dog in this fight one way or the other. I only tell it like it is. "The Facts and Only the Facts." The names won't be change to protect the innocent or the guilty. This past weekend my wife and I were in town for my daughter's graduation and wanted to enjoy a celebration dinner. We had reservations at Ditka'sThat review will have to wait for another day. But moving on. my daughter recommended Rustler Rooste. Saying it was a bit more kid friendly. She was right on the mark. Very down home country. Not stuffy and or  upscale. Family oriented from the Long Horned Bull outside, to the entryway access, the slide/staircase, to the country band and huge dining area. Service on our visit was prompt, accommodating, and very attentive.As we waited for the rest of our party to arrive we had this guy hopping and slinging bread and drinks that never seemed to run low. Finally we ordered. Food came out quick, Hot and correct. A rare occurrence normally with a large group and large order. But it was right. Everyone enjoyed their meal, conversation and drinks. The place is noisylots of movement, bands, a wedding party, kids on the slide. Cotton Candy flowing out of tin cans. Just a good light hearted night out with the family. Serving sizes were good, price was moderate. Menu had something for everyone. Family style servings too if that's your thing. I really enjoyed it. The Prime Rib was on point I might add. The last item if you're going for dinner. Sunset is the time to go. The view was amazing. Definitely would come back again.But Ditkas is still on my to do list.
1	Tonight our family of 13 dined at your restaurant to celebrate my daughters 12th and my cousins 9th birthday. We dine at Rustlers Rooste on a monthly basis; but unfortunately, today will be our last. Dan Garcia (restaurant manager) ruined our daughters birthday by yelling at her with his finger in her face to get off the slide because she was sitting on a sweatshirt while going down. After my daughter explained the her father said it was ok he then said " does your father own this restaurant, is your father the manager, I didn't think so". After having words with him he proceeded to be a complete ass and ruined the night for the entire group. We all got to go boxes and took our dinners to home to enjoy. Dan Garcia should not be in a position that he deals with the public.
1	My husband and I chose this place after golfing one Sunday. We arrived at 4:30 thru the strong smell of cowdung and respected the sign that told us to sit in the bar until they opened the restaurant at 5. As we sat uncomfortably, we watched three groups of people be seated in the restaurant. My husband asked the hostess why they were allowed to be seated and was told they must be friends of the wait staff. Well. all right then. We finally got seated and soon realized we should have simply left at that point. Our server was as close to useless as one can get. We learned most of what we needed to know by eavesdropping on a competent one at the table beside us. Then our food began to arrive. The buns were good, the salad mediocre and the "grill mix" so bad we barely ate any. The tenderloin was not tenderloin at all, the ribs were a strange red colour and smothered in a barbque sauce that returned to us over and over all night long and the swordfish scared me so badly I chose not to eat more than the first taste. We also had a side of mashed potatoes that were gritty and watery. On top of everything else, all the food  was so highly salted, we thought it should be declared a deadly weapon. We declined dessert and the cotton candy as we were just wanting out at that point. We did not stay for the music. Thank goodness.
5	Rustler's Rooste is a great place to eat. It sits on a mountain so you can get a great view of the city as you eat. The staff is great, they even have a close up magician. Food was delicious too. If you live in Phoenix, you really need to eat at Rustler's Rooste at least once in your life.
4	beautiful view, staff was nice, slide was different but nice for the kids and grown ups, little crowded as far as tables andcspace to move around but they made it work, danfing band playing live jot bad.
2	Two stars for the view and ambience.  I ordered the half slab of pork ribs and they were not good.  Way overcooked and dried out.  My husband had a burger as did his brother.  That was pretty good.  The prime rib my sister in law had was so so.  The salad starter was good as were the cowboy beans.  The corn on the cob was a soggy overcooked mess.  The potatoes were not done correctly (some overcooked, some undercooked) and the veggie mix was just ok.  The beer was ice cold and yummy and the slide was fun!Loved the complimentary cotton candy for dessert!  We had to ask for it though.  So, go for the view, the beer, a burger and some cotton candy.
3	For years I heard about this place and always wanted to go, so I thought for a "date night" it would be a nice change of pace. First off, the cell phone GPS got us lost. It took us through a community and right to a locked gate. I could see the restaurant on top of the hill but could get to it. I ended up calling the restaurant and spoke to a confused young girl. She didn't understand how I could be lost and had no idea houses were right below them. After a few minutes of searching, I located the place. The parking lot was packed (it was Saturday night) but there was a nice gentleman there with a shuttle to help us to the top of the hill. The restaurant itself is pretty rustic. There's a huge long horn steer outside, so the smell was a little strong but manageable. Inside was a live band and unique designed layout with a kid slide and all. We had a nice window seat which overlooked the city lights. The view was great and so was the friendly staff. The issue I had the most was with the food. I was not impressed to say the least. We ordered the "Cowboy Stuff" which was basically a sample of ribs, chicken, fish, shrimp and filet mignon. The sides were potato wedges, spicy baked beans, pineapple coleslaw , corn on the cob and a side of veggies. The meal also came with rolls, biscuits and a salad. Overall cost was $47 and with a tip, about $55 total for the two of us. Everything was pretty bland and nothing that stood out as great tasting. I would much rather have gone to Pork on the Fork, a local BBQ place two minutes from my house. Instead I drove 40 minutes across the valley for this? Very disappointing to me. If it wasn't for the cool atmosphere and helpful staff, I would give this place a two star rating. Save your money and enjoy something close to your house instead.
2	Went here last night for my cousins birthday dinner. The atmosphere was cool, the live music was good and the slide they have inside the restaurant was fun for the kiddos. The food however...not so good. It's pretty pricy and on the chicken dish my sister got there was nothing but fat, and I tried one of my grandmother's BBQ ribs and there was barely any meat at all on those either. Definitely not worth the $20 a plate... Probably the only sweet thing about the food was the cotton candy they bring you at the end. Even the biscuits they serve you at the beginning were cold and crumbly. Then at the end the server was even allowed to split up the check! We had to figure it out ourselves. All I can say is I was not impressed...
3	First ... yes ... Rustler's Rooste is a total tourist trap. There's no way to get around that. It has rattle snack on the menu; waiters are dressed up in boots and cowboy hats - even though there isn't a head of cattle for 50 miles in any direction; and the steaks are at best average - but it's hard to make up for the view and patio dining.
4	We heard from several people that this a must-go place to dine at during our trip to Phoenix, Arizona.  I have to say it was definitely worth it!  We had a large group of 16 people and we were all served our food quickly and refills came even quicker.  The portions were perfect, you definitely don't leave still hungry. The drinks were poured with a heavy hand and tasted delicious.The entertaining saloon atmosphere was perfect, especially the indoor slide for the kids to play on while the parents danced the two-step if they felt the urge.  The fun cotton candy deserts impressed both the kids and adults alike.  The outside has a beautiful hilltop view that you could see from the inside dining area even if you're sitting in the back and the sunset is gorgeous.It was definitely a exciting place to go and if I'm ever in the area again it will be a must to go again.
1	Be careful of this place. We made a reservation and showed up only to be told that they don't make reservations for parties of our size and that we would have to wait. I even called the morning before to confirm the reservation. Because of this one I our party had to leave before we ate. This is completely unacceptable and we will never be back!
1	Thanksgiving dinner DISAPPOINTMENT! WORST SERVICE!  Every year my family cooks but this year we decided to eat out and try out this restaurant. The thanksgiving dinner special  is $139 feast for 6 to 8 people, a little pricey but we thought hey it must good portions.  We were only 6 adults and a kid. Before getting into details of the experience.  I would like to say I have been in hospitality and have been in restaurant business for 10+ years for major hotels.So our experience begins with a  "reservation" for 7 people at 4 pm. We get there and there is a line out the door. No separate lines for  reservations and for walk ins. They said sorry its not a reservation but priority seating only. We will have to wait for 30 min +. It ended up being an hour!  No really apologies and the hostess were completely disorganized and lacked good service.  There was actually one hostess that was amazing and kept her composer.  I apologize for not getting her name but she had straight hair and I believe she is African American. She deserves to be hired at a fine dinning restaurant.  If she reads this post I hope she applies to a fine dinning place. We get seated and our Server Dale is beat already.  But he was nice and we tried to be positive. He brought us the first course with no utensils.  He apologized and we understood they were busy and I bet the dishwasher was running behind. We order our drinks and a few were alcohol beverages.  He never asked if we wanted more drinks or check on us that frequently.  Again I am a part time server so I kept positive.  The food i do have to say was delicious but the portions were really small. Not sure really worth the price. When my spouse was cutting the turkey he was pushed by a busser. He didn't say excuse me. So rude. When my family and I wanted to split the check a certain way he rolled his eyes! We were going to give 20% or even a little more but soon dropped it. Then we asked for foil to cover our leftover pie he just threw it on the table and walked away without asking how was our dinning experience.  We informed the manager/owner Karen I believe and she seemed genuine but only said sorry and next time just ask for her and she would make sure we would have a different experience.  I live in California. I highly doubt I will ever come and if I have friends who visit Phoenix area I would never suggest this place.  I would probably warn them. I honestly think they need to hire a new restaurant manager and reevaluate their staff.
2	First, let's start with a few positives....Great view!!! Yesterday, I was very disappointed in Rustlers Rooste! We made reservations for 5 pm, arrived at 4:45 and did not get seated until 6:20 pm. Many families were in same boat! It was a chaotic scene yesterday! Service was horrible, mashed potatoes were WAY too salty and pumpkin pie was super soggy / sugary! The only thing they got right was the turkey and yummy salad. For next thanksgiving, please honor your reservations! People don't mind waiting 15 to 30 minutes... But really an hour and a half??? You got the view going for you but that is about it! A total disappointment Rustlers Rooste... Why?
5	I'm a Californian, but I ate here last Friday night when I was in town. I had only been there once before, in 2006, and it was so memorable that I promised myself that if I ever visited Phoenix again, I'd eat there. I tried so hard to convince my friends, who were in town with me, to check the place out, but they were too tired from all of our traveling. Guess what? I went by myself anyway, as a party of one!The restaurant sits on a beautiful hilltop with a great view of the city. There's a live bull just hanging out' in a bullpen near the entrance...yes, a live bull, literally, just chillin'! The place is at least two stories. You enter on the top level and have a choice to take the stairs down to the first level, or you can take the slide...yes, a slide, literally. I wish I had that kind of setup in my house. It's magical! There was a talented live band playing country music on the bottom floor, and there were people dancing. Good times! I was pleasantly greeted by the hostesses and promptly seated. I ordered the 12 oz. prime rib w/mashed potatoes on the side. A basket of two kinds of bread and two kinds of butter was brought out to me along with a delicious salad. One minute later, my dinner arrived.The prime rib was PERFECT! The au jus that came with it was unique and delicious. The mashed potatoes were yummy. I had the biggest smile on my face the whole time I was eating. It was all very reasonably priced and high in quality. I had the rattlesnake the first time I went there. You should try it at least once, and then you can buy a T-shirt there that says you ate the snake. The service was EXCELLENT!Need I say more? Whenever anyone mentions Phoenix, I rave about this restaurant, and I will continue to do so. I'm also impressed by the fact that it's been nine years since I last ate here and it's still as amazing as I remembered it to be. What a glorious dining experience!
4	Well, if it were just the food I was reviewing it would be a two and the ambiance is cowboy-ish which really isn't my thing but my eight year old adores this place.  Before cub scouts if we don't have the baby we will come for happy hour and he will spend the entire time going down the slide.  The very best part, in the eyes of an eight year old boy, they have free cotton candy for dessert!  He's found his mecca.
2	Used to love this place! Tonight the food was bland lacking flavor and the servers seemed to be in such a hurry just to rush you out the door. Had the tenderfoot Cajun style which was just average for the price. The sides tastes like they were straight out of a buffet! Highlight of the meal was the apple pie.
4	It is a very interesting and fun place with lots of good food
4	I've been here many times before, with just ordinary experience with food and service. What you come here for is the ambience. In the past the food has always been mediocre and ordinary service, again I come for the ambience. I'm a local. However we visited on December 19, 2014 and the place was packed, however I must say this was a much better experience. We started with drinks and then moved onto the rattlesnake appetizer, which was delicious. We all ordered steak.I had a fillet mignon medium which was cooked perfect. My two friends had prime rib which was cooked perfect. The sides were amazing. We had the balloon man make us an Arizona Cardinals player out of balloons to compete with another table who were Seattle Seahawks fans with their own balloons. It was a competitive environment between the two tables. They brought us free Cotton candy to end the evening. I really enjoyed this experience with my out-of-town friends and had a great time. I feel they have been reading the reviews and have upped the level of food and customer service. Keep up the good work!
5	This is my third visit. Had steak ribs. This time Ribeye. Large portions. Take out is available. Worth the trip.
4	We stayed at the Arizona Grand for a sales meeting and had 'the rooste' one night... I was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the reviews. The St. Louis Spare Ribs were tasty and the view and atmosphere was great. It IS very touristy but that goes with the territory. Plan a sales meeting in Phoenix and be sure to book here. What a great time!
2	Well, food was bad. My shrimp was TASTELESS....I mean....no seasoning AT ALL. Bland rice. Others at the table said the same thing about their food. Amazing waiter though. For a crazy Friday night with kids everywhere...he was amazing and attentive. Wish I remembered his name. Very tall guy. LOL. This place is geared more for children for sure. A big slide, a balloon guy comes to the tables ect. An adorable bull is near the entrance and the view is awesome. But I would say this place is more for kids than an adult night. That's just my opinion.
4	Spent the holidays in Phoenix and ate here twice. Everything was delicious and prices reasonable. I had yhe all you can eat beef ribs for $17 both times. The best beef ribs I have had in years. Staff were extremely friendly.
