5	Wow, and wow!  We arrived too late for dinner, but ate off the bar menu which is available until 11pm.  The Kobe Burger and duck-fat fries were amazing, the atmosphere is great, and if you like long legs and short skirts then you found your heaven.I need to check out some of the other Michael Mina restaurants if this is any indication.
4	This is hands down one of the best steakhouse I went to.   Good job Micheal.  Hopefully he brings this restaurant to San Francisco, as it blows away all the other steakhouses there.  I was not disappointed here.  My friend and I started off our dinner, after watching "Love", with the Crab Cakes, Tomato Preserve, Tabasco Vinaigrette and the Lobster, Chilled, Black Truffle Vinaigrette,Baby Lettuces.  Both were excellent.  They even gave us the StripSteak Trio of Duck Fat Fries complementary. The sauces severed with the fries were a barbecue, truffle, and ketchup.  The truffle sauce was the best.  Our entrees were the American Kobe Rib Cap and American Kobe Fillet Mignon.  Both of the Kobe beef was cooked to perfection of medium rare and seasoned perfectly.  It was so soft, that you didn't need a knife to cut it, especially the rib cap...gotta love that marbled fat. We accompanied our steaks with the Sauteed Baby Brussel Sprouts, Bacon Lardon Steam Asparagus, Mascarpone Beurre Blanc.  The brussel sprouts were out of this world...again, cheers to fat, this time the bacon.I was so stuffed, but I forged on to eat dessert. I had to live it up as it was my last night in Vegas.  We both shared the beignet with butterscotch pudding and the dough nut with banana fosters. Both desserts were OK, and here is where I think the improvement needs to be made.  The butterscotch pudding was not memorable, as it was not as sweet as I would have liked it to be.  I would have given it 5 stars, but the dessert was a little let down. But the services was excellent.  Shout out to our server Kyle, another local boy from Hawaii, "you da best".  In all, a very enjoyable dinner.  Plus they gave me one of the menu's when I asked if they had a take home version. Come here for the American Kobe beef, and if you really want the authentic Kobe A5, that too.   mmmm...marbled beef.......drool.
4	This is definitely a change from 3940. The openness of the restaurant makes it very comfortable. The bar is beautiful with it's plexiglass or real glass lookalike....Sidecars with a cinnamon surprise. Duck fat FRIES! WOO HOO! I actually had...surprise surprise...Bone in RibEye...Mmmm Kobe is over rated. It's American Kobe anyway not the wagyu. had the asparagus. Very nice....and I think I had the fancy mashed potatoes. I didn't want to say puree. I didn't want any one to know I'm a fancy boy....eating the fancy foods....Over all. Michael Mina did a good Job. I was happy with the service and quality of food. The only thing I didn't like....kids...like teen agers....ewww they let them in places like that?
2	I have been in Las Vegas all week working NBA All-Star. Last night we had dinner at Michael Mina's new franchise Strip Steak. Bobby Flay was at the table next to ours with his crew. Raj as usual has put together a nice wine list though we all found it a bit strange that there are so many Austrian Rieslings' at a restaurant that revolves largely around meat and more meat. Maybe I am missing something... I found the food a bit mediocre particularly for the price ($36 for skirt steak or $50 for a filet. The Kobe beef started at $50 for American to $195 for Japanese, all ala carte.) The many sides of potatoes were nearly the consistency of a soup with some actually bleeding liquid when dished on to the plates. The mac n cheese though very tasty with the truffle oil was dry with absolutely no creaminess ever being apparent. The foie gras "sliders" though tasty and a very large portion of liver did not quite translate. The sweet potatoe mash was so dosed up on clove as to make it unedible.  For dessert we had the mini doughnuts with a trio of sauces. The sauces were tasty but unfortunately the doughnuts were over cooked and very dry. Service however was exceptional and friendly.For wine we had a great bottle of 2004 Freeman Akiko's Cuvee.The Akiko's Cuvee has always been my favorite Freeman wine besides the chardonnays and last night was no exception. We popped and poured and she was away to the races right away. Out of the gate this wine has a haunting nose of cherries, cranberry and black licorice with baking spice and a touch of shitake mushroom. The palate is incredibly silky with super fine tannins with. Everyone at the table called it soft. Sweet ripe fruits are in abundance but the fine tannins keep them in check. The oak in this bottle is much more integrated than the last bottle I had providing an immensely seamless pleasurable experience.91+pts$115 on the list there
5	Well, the ambiance is wonderful but we were fooled the other night with another expensive place which had great looking sauces but was just bland even after the waiter said the sauce had a spice to it, it was bland. So we tried Michael Mina's StripSteak. My dining guest said Mina's name like I should know it, I think he has a restaurant in San Francisco too.First, the Rare Ahi, Nioise Garnish was just simple with simple seasoning that was perfect. I got the Prime Rib rare to check to see if they could do it right, because most place's rare prime rib is just not done slow enough and if not over done it is still just tough. I was very impress. And the Brussels sprouts we ordered was prepared all sliced up like cole slaw, we were both impressed. The lobster was cut in half long ways so it was no work at all to eat lobster. It was marked as market priced on the menu and we both bet to see who came close. I bet $50 and my friend said $60, it came to $74 but we both said it was seasoned well and was worth it, believe it  or not.So, I'm going to have to find this other restaurant in San Francisco.
3	If you happen to be a top notch chef - It has become fashionable to open a steakhouse. What better place to do it than in Vegas. This place is uber cool!The menu is not as diverse as I expected with only a few selection of cuts but overall the quality was excellent. Add cool music, a busy bar and a good looking crowd and voila - a great Vegas hangout.
4	Who should eat here:  Some one that wants a great steak, and price is no object.  Let me repeat: price is no object (this place is off the charts expensive, and yes I do know its Vegas, and Mina's name is on it) 1 Star - Lacking/Turn Off2 Stars - Needs Work, But fixable3 Stars - Adequate4 Stars - Near perfect, rough edge here or there5 Stars - Can't get much Better Ambience/Atmosphere: 3.5 stars.  Big and open, with a very modern a sleek feel.  I found it a bit uncomfortable to be honest, but I guess not that bad for Vegas.  Has a cool bar, and the cocktails are very good.   Service: 4 stars.  A tiny bit cold and service is a little bit snotty, but not to the point where it would bother you.  They know what they are doing and they are extremely professional.  They will not miss a beat at all, but I found overall they were very un-personable.   Food: 4.5 stars.  Mina has done it again with the food.  First off they brought us three little cones filled with french fries, with three dipping sauces.  Not a big fan of fries, but these were pretty damn good, cooked to a crispy light brown, they had the most flavor I think I have ever experience in a french fry.  I had a American Kobe steak tartar to start.  They prepared it table side, mixing the small pieces of chopped steak with 9 ingredients and spices.  This app was off the charts.  Probably a little too rich if you plan on having a steak for you main, but if you are going to go for an alternative or are just getting apps, ORDER THIS DISH!  The meat in the tartar could have been some of the most delicious steak I have had in a long time.  It literally melted in my mouth.  For entree I opted for the pork loin.  This dish was crazy good and I will have to say exceeded my expectations in every way possible.  If you are not going to order a steak for your main, I would seriously consider this as an option.  It had a bitter orange type sauce that was sooo good, and was perfect with the flavors of the pork.  Given time constraints we passed on dessert, so no comment on the sweets. Wine: 4 stars.  First off Strip has a 5 star wine list, I am knocking it a star because it has no value.  Expect well over a double in mark up, and in most cases more.  The staff is well skilled on the list, which was a plus for me too.  If price is no object I would focus on some of the Bordeaux on the list, they have all the trophies.  But be prepared to put a big dent in the wallet. Overall:  Well this definitely is Mina in style.  He really knows how to create a food experience.  I have to say though, I would really struggle to recommend Strip to anyone, given that I don't think the experience really holds up to the prices.  I really have never had a problem paying a lot for dinner, but this was a little ridiculous.  Good luck, and happy dining.
5	I had the rib bye medium rare done and it was perfect, probably one of the best steak I had in years. Then I had  the mini duncan donuts for dessert served with some type of chocalate ice cream and caramel dips. I was full all night and it was worth every penny.  Definately make reservation  ahead of time especially if you have a big party.
5	Serious five-starness, to the point that my eyes are burned by the brightness of the five-stars.The food here is slobberific, the service personable and AWESOME. Wine-pairing dead on. I pity the fool who doesn't utilize the knowledgeable staff, and all they have to recommend.Unforgettable:  1) Lobster fritters on a stick w/ creme fraiche (like fancypants corn dogs!)2) Sublime skirt steak, the ultimate test of a steak place, this one was incredible in texture and flavor3) Trio of duck fat fries, mmm animal fat=flavor4) Trio of potato purees (lobster, corn, &  horseradish), a great creamy smear to dollop onto your steak while you eat itAfter a delish dessert, and an aperitif, bfriend and I were warmly sent on our way with a little bag of fiddle-faddle. How cute it that?MAD PROPS to my fellow yelpster Ms.Elizabeth B.  for insisting that I eat here.
5	Fabulous experience here!  The food was fantastic, from the crab louis lettuce cups to the 3 pots of different flavoured mash potato.  But it's all about the BEEF at this place.  And it is fantastic.  The wife and I did an Angus/Kobe Filet taste test.  Take my advice, dont try the same test.  The Angus was about as good as any I had tried, but once you try the Kobe, it just isnt in the same league.  We went for the American Kobe which was 70 bucks for the Filet, as apposed to the Japanese A5 Kobe which was 180 bucks!  And it was succulent and juicy, and almost caused me to drool as I chewed.  Unfortunately my wife liked it as well, so she eat most of it!Service was excellent.  Immaculate servers, and most of them quite attractive.... if tall attractive women in skimpy outfits is your bag.I highly recommend this place if you are visiting the strip.  Mandalay Bay may be at the far end of the strip, but this place is worth the trip.
4	StripSteak is Michael Mina's fourth restaurant in Las Vegas, and his first steak house. Main courses are pretty much what you'd expect of a steak house: lots of steak, and some seafood. Beef lovers may choose between Angus beef, Wagyu beef (what most places call Kobe) and, if memory serves, true Kobe beef. There are some surprises in the side dishes. I failed to write any down except those I ended up ordering: duck fat fries; roasted marrow bones.The feel is modern, with lots of glass and steel. An industrial ceiling is high above, below which is a checkerboard latticework of what looks like stainless steel. The floor is speckled black, white, and gray granite tile. In the bar area, the bar top is glass with a stainless steel edge at the back. Servers are dressed in black. Loud rock music is playing.I opted for a ridiculously unhealthy meal: Angus filet mignon; duck fat fries; roasted marrow bones. The filet was firm, a little dry, but with a nice charcoal flavor. It was served with two small roasted peppers and a bulb of roasted garlic. The duck fat fries were very interesting: three small cups of french fries, with three flavors (BBQ; truffle; unknown) and three sauces (BBQ; mayonnaise; catsup). The fries were crisp, almost crunchy, and tasted great. Highly recommended. The roasted marrow bones were very good, with lots of rich marrow; very good with steak. This is something you either love or hate.This isn't the best steak house in town, but it's an interesting addition - more for the side dishes than the steak. Prices are high but not outrageous for food that is good but not stellar. I might come back to see what other side dishes look interesting.
5	Five stars for Foie Gras Sliders!Five stars for Trio of fries cooked in Duck fat! So Fucking Good!Five stars for Kobe carpaccio!Five stars for Wagyu Kobe filet!Five stars for service!Definetely best steakhouse in LV. Probably the best steakhouse I've ever been to.
4	A colleague and I were just in LV on biz and decided to walk around to see what dining Mandalay Bay had to offer. We were torn between the modern Asian restaurant and StripSteak - I'm glad we chose the latter.Interior was modern, masculine and bold (just like a good man), and while busy at dinner time, it didn't feel crowded. The service was surprisingly good. Now, I'm gonna sound like a girl-hater, which I'm not...mostly...but our waitress was beautiful and booby, but instead of some Hooter's clone-bot, we were treated to some damned personable, knowledgeable service! She was attentive without being overbearing, and cheerfully shared her choice items from their menu.Pricing knocked me a little off my grandpa rocker, especially since in scanning the wine list, I could only find two $40 bottles of wine, with the most expensive being $28K. Instead, we opted for cocktails, which were spot on!Every table was brought a trio of duck fried french fries with dipping sauces. A perfect opener to a delightfully debaucherous dinner. Steak was prepared exactly as we requested. Also worthy of note: my co-worker is a meat snob (which doesn't mean she's NOT a slut, because on the contrary...) and she was, in rare form, impressed. Our sides - the onion rings and truffle mac 'n cheese - were also noteworthy, but, unfortunately, we could only have a few spoon fulls of the mac since it was rich and creamy (probably better to order when dining with a larger group).Overall: a superb experience, but be prepared to shell out the dough.
4	No complaints about the food whatsoever.  All of us were more than happy with our meals.  Steaks and side dishes (creamed spinach, blue cheese scalloped potatoes) were great, as were the duck fat fries.  Only knocked down a star because you should never, ever have to listen to Carl Douglas' "Kung Fu Fighting" while eating in a steakhouse.  Otherwise, a great experience.
3	Ate here last night with friends, and I have to say that I was a little disappointed. I dont normally review places on the strip, or in Vegas casinos, since I live here. I usually leave those places up to the tourists. Although since my opinion of this restaurant differs from most of the other reviews here, I figured I'd share.I had the Rare ahi appetizer, which was good, and probably the best part of the meal in my opinion, and then the dry aged porterhouse steak as my entree. The steak, unfortunately, was nothing to write home about. And for $51 I expected a pretty good steak. I was prepared well, but didnt seem to have any flavor to it. The dry aged steaks at Capitol grille, are SO much more flavorful. I also had the grilled foie gras with the steak, and it wasnt too bad. I guess for a steak house in Mandalay bay, I expected it to be alot better. The Service was very good, and the restaurant itself was very nice. I have eaten at every other restaurant in Mandalay Bay, and they have all been great, but I think Stripsteak fell a little short.
4	I visited StripSteak only because a friend was in love with their macaroni and cheese and wanted to see if she could get it carryout after we'd attended a concert at The Beach in Mandalay Bay.  While the hostesses at the podium at first seemed a little uncertain about whether we'd be able to order it, they directed us to the bar where the bartender was more than happy to place the order for us.  The bartender was excellent- he was very friendly and asked us where we were from. I thought great, I'm from Vegas so he'll probably ignore us after we tell him.  But no- he was just as friendly, and after my friend left to play in the casino while Iwaited for our order, he brought me water with lemon (and refilled the glass) and continued to chat.  I guess this is just a review of the bar and the bartender, but I must add that the restaurant was beautiful- shiny floors, and some of the tables were glowing from lights underneath them.  I want to come here now and experience the restaurant due to the good first impression I got.
3	My friend is a Michael Mina fan and a big red meat fan, therefore, we had to go to StripSteak. We got a reservation last minute and were seated right away on a Saturday night.We had french fries fried in duck oil, served with three different sauces (the Michael Mina way).Then a tasty salad and our steaks. My friend wanted to try the Japanese Kobe and I wanted the skirt steak. But he also wanted to try the American Kobe to compare, so I ended up getting that to indulge him since I didn't know when he would be able to do the comparison side-by-side again.Our waiter explained the different cuts of meat to us and even brought out the raw rib-eyes before cooking to show us the difference between American and Japanese Kobe. I guess if you're paying hundreds of dollars for meat, they're going to make sure you know what you're buying.I liked the way the restaurant was set up. The service wasn't as great as I had hoped besides the steak show. I had to signal for water a couple of times.Overall dinner and dessert were good. I guess the dessert wasn't extraordinary or I would remember it. The thing I do remember is that the next morning, I had an upset stomach. :(
4	We happened to stumble across strip steak, and since we were all starving, it was an easy choice. Food: The irony is most of us didn't order the steak; we ordered the Kobe hamburgers, fish, mac and cheese, fries, and tomato salad. All were delicious. However, we were most pleasantly surprised with the mac and cheese - which was quite tasty. Ambiance: I really like the furniture - that was our first comment. Since we had a party of 6, we sat in one of the booths, which was quite comfortable. The most distracting (and entertaining) part of the evening, were women who cam dressed rather scanty.Service: I did feel a bit uncomfortable with the staff, since we didn't order the high-priced items. But, nevertheless, they were cordial and consistent in refilling and bringing us drinks.Cost: Definitely pricey - but worth it every now and again.
5	I ate an "American Kobe" skirt steak at the bar in between conference presentations and parties. Most excellent steak I've ever had, but I haven't had a lot of steak experience. I specifically chose this because I wanted to get a good and expensive steak in Vegas. I succeeded in my task here. The food was delicious; incredibly flavorful and quite tender. I also had a side of shallot potato cakes. The bartender, Chris, was very engaging and talkative. I was eating alone, which is always kind of boring and lonely, but Chris and I had some good conversations. Next time I'd go sit next to the window into the kitchen. It looked like fun.
5	FANTASTIC steak. Wow. I had a bone in ribeye that was so tender and juicy, I could cut it with a fork... and so flavorful. I ended the meal gnawing on the bone... I love steak and eat it just about every chance I get, and have been to many fine steakhouses.  This was one fantastic steak.  MMMMM. The amuse bouche (this is Michael Mina's restaurant, after all) was a trio of french fries, 1 with paprika, 1 with garlic, and 1 with sea salt, with 3 dips, bbq sauce, a homemade ketchup and a truffle aioli. MMMMMM. But... the best part? The habanero CREAM CORN. Oh man, I've never had corn this good, the spicy flavor blended just perfectly with the corn. We scraped that (little) bowl DRY.
2	Had to send the steak back 3 times- unacceptable-medium rare should not be a difficult task for an establishment that considers itself a steak house-  all the sides were great (all i got to eat since they never prepared the steak appropriately) especially the little frieshere is the steak experienceask for medium rarereceive blood flowing rawsend backreceive charred on the outside no flowing blood but still clearly rawsend backreceive new steak- i tell the waiter to stay and watch, even before cutting i can tell that this steak (which is again charred on the outside) will again be rawno steak for me this nightmanager makes cursory attempt at apology, takes steak off, gee big thank you there considering i didn't eat it, nothing else was comped, i figure since my wife pretty much ate alone that they would have made up a little more-  dont think i ever paid over $200 for a meal i didnt get to eat before, and i dont intend on doing it againeat any where else in the hotel and you are sure to enjoy yourself,  would be really hard for me to consider giving this place another shot with all the other options in Vegas
5	OFF THE HOOK!  Better than Morton's, Ruth Chris, etc...  Not only is the food great, the atmosphere, presentation, uniqueness of the menu, the french fries, service, etc..... GO THERE NOW!
5	From the marketing literature.....Acclaimed Chef Michael Mina breaks new ground with the debut of STRIPSTEAK at Mandalay Bay, his first steakhouse. With its classic menu, inviting bar scene and sophisticated atmosphere, STRIPSTEAK plays host to guests looking for the perfect filet in a modern alternative to the traditional steakhouse setting. As with Mina's other restaurants, STRIPSTEAK uses only the highest quality ingredients - corn-fed, all-natural meat; line-caught seafood and fresh, seasonal produce. While first-rate components are essential, it is Mina's creative approach to cooking that has made his name.STRIPSTEAK features a menu rife with imaginative interpretations of classic steakhouse favorites using state-of-the-art kitchen equipment. STRIPSTEAK offers three kinds of beef, Certified Angus Beef, American Kobe and 'A5' Japanese Kobe, and is home to two wood-burning grills and six circulating, slow-poaching chambers. The signature slow-poaching method enhances flavor and tenderness by heating the meat for several hours at a low temperature, while the mesquite-stoked grills infuse every cut with a subtle smokiness.***With that said, this place is devilishly good.  The modern decor coupled with a menu that will send your taste buds dancing earns this place the coveted 5th star.  While enjoying my meal, my friends, and the talent on display in walks....da da dum Andre Agassi.  Wow!He was very lively, his presence filled the room.  He was engaging with the many guests requesting pics.  I was too befuddled to reach for my camera.  Don't ask me why something about being so close to a multiple Grand Slam Champion.  Turns out he is a part owner in this latest iteration of Michael Minna's restaurants.  Go, enjoy and keep your eyes peeled you never know who you might catch a glimpse of.
1	Stripsteak sucked. My steak was overcooked, the trio of pureed potatoes or whatever they call it was a joke, and the trio of "duck fat" fries must have been fried in 5% duck fat or something, because they tasted like something Burger King would serve (except for the white truffle ones, but how can you screw that up, really?).The three pureed potatoes dishes were lobster, which, while I love big chunks of lobster, tasted like an experiment on how to get starchy potatoes and a bag of white flour into a pasty goo reminiscent of gruel which clung so steadfastly to the lobster chunks that it didn't offer the opportunity to salvage them from the muck, the sour cream and chive version, almost as gooey and I guess was worth one taste, and the third, horseradish, I guess was supposed to be some kind of traditional take on wasabi mashed potatoes you would have seen on every menu five years ago.Service wasn't anything to brag about either. This is another one of those places where they really need to train their waitstaff a little better. For this kind of money and they large crowd it draws, they should be watching for your fork and knife to come together on the plate in the interest of turning the table over. We waited a long time for our check, and I think they only took notice when I got up to use the restroom.
4	StripSteak - it seems to cater to the Young, Hip Crowd, however, all are welcome!  Loved it!!! My steak was sooooooo good, sooo yummy... & the Cabernet I had - definitely complimented my Filet.  Hands down, great, great steak!  It is in the Mandalay Bay & I do have to say if you're sitting by the door - it can be a little noisy... oooohhhhh, but I must mention the Burrata Cheese... to die for!!!
2	I came to Stripsteak with my husband.  I was extremely disappointed as was my husband.  The meal started out promising enough with the yummy duck fat fries trio and the tuna tartare poppers trio.  Then the spinach souffle came out which turned out to be more cake than vegetable.  The waitress had recommended this after my husband said that we wanted a vegetable.  Cake cooked with vegetable doesn't exactly count in my book.  I ordered a the Kobe skirt steak which was too salty and too raw on one end and overdone on the other.  The salty seasoning upset my stomach.  My husband ordered the prime rib which was decent enough but nothing really special.  We did enjoy the creme fraiche horseradish though.  As my stomach was acting up, I didn't order dessert just some mint tea to settle the tummy.The worst thing was the foccacia bread.  It tasted doughy and wet like it was undercooked.  We sent it back telling them that and they brought out a new basket that tasted slightly better but not much.  I thought it was strange that it tasted so bad.  Not sure what was going on there.   Maybe it was an off night but the food was really disappointing.  The service was good but I think there is such a thing as checking in too often with your customers.  Eh...I don't think I'd go back unless something changes.
5	I was here during the Las Vegas Marathon with my girlfriend and some friends.  This was, hands down, the best steak house experience I've ever had.The atmosphere of this restaurant is completely different than what I'm used to.  It caters towards a younger and trendier crowd (it is Las Vegas after all), which is something not often seen in Chicago.  With that being said, the quality of the food did not suffer one bit.I forget what everyone else had that day, but I ordered the 18 oz bone-in ribeye, cooked to perfection at medium rare.And surprisingly, the part of the meal that stood out the most was the truffled mac and cheese.I know what your thinking, how good could mac and cheese possibly be?  That's what I was thinking too.  I was actually leaning towards something more expensive as my side dish, but the waiter kept insisting I get the (cheaper) mac and cheese.  Wise choice.Kudos all around to the chefs and the outstanding service.  I will definitely make this a regular stop every time I come to Las Vegas.
4	Wanted to state for the record that I would have not chosen this restaurant of my own volition, we were invited to go by co-workers.  Thus, we ended up in Strip Steak sitting right by all of the action, watching the guys work their magic on the grill.The selection of meats is impressive!  I however, was on red-meat overload, so I opted for their "fried" chicken.  Since it was just me, 1 person ordering, they had to (for some reason) cut the chicken in half and grill it.  Which I was perfectly happy with-- it was delicious!  Perfectly seasoned and the skin was crispy.  Served over a bed of their now infamous truffled mac-n-cheese.  I seriously could've just eaten the mac-n-cheese and been happy.  It was amazing!I gave SS 4 stars b/c it's really just a one trick pony with nothing that makes it stand out from other steak joints for me to recommend it as a "must try" restaurant.  But, if you find yourself here, you will not be disappointed!
4	MMM...Strip Steak. Oh how I wish you were in Los Angeles.This place would have received a 5 but the night started off rocky. First it was the bitchy hostess. Seriously honey, you aren't that pretty and that tat on your tit just makes you look cheap. I understand that it was a little bit late but you're a hostess, isn't it your job to at least be pleasant when greeting guests?Even though the service started out crappy, the food made up for it. First it was the free duck fries. I know what you're thinking. You're probably thinking ew.. duck fries. It's not really duck, just regular ol' french fries with a new name. The condiments it came with however, nothing close to regular. I remember it was 3 types of condiments, forgot the flavors but remember it being delicious. I think I ended up fighting with my date on who could have the last duck fry. The steak..MMMM...mouth watering. *Insert picture of Homer Simpson drooling* I had a petite filet and loved it. My date on the other hand, had Kobe steak. I had a piece of his steak and had entree envy right away. His Kobe beef was exactly how Kobe beef should taste like, tender and full of flavor.You would think after pigging out on fries and steak, that we would be done right? WRONG. We decide to order blueberry fritters for dessert. My God were they delicious. Even though I was dying from over eating I couldn't help wanting more. We won't discuss the bill. I just know it was expensive. =XI would definitely recommend this place, just ignore the dumb hostess and you'll be fine.
5	One of the best meals of my life! This review is going to be long, for those that are interested in details... move along if you aren't. We were seated in the lounge. Maybe because we looked young? Maybe because we were only semi-dressed up? Who knows, but the lounge was great... service was awesome, chairs were comfy, and the guys will love the outfits the waitresses wear in this section. Complimentary duck fat fries... to be honest, this wasn't that good! I've had duck fat fries in Chicago and wow, these don't even compare to those. However, they were free, so I'm not complaining. Kobe tartare... soo.. soo.. good! Very incredible presentation. Comes out on a plate with tons of ingredients around it (mustard, salt, etc) and they mix it into a ceviche looking/dip type stuff tableside and put it in a martini glass over ice..you spread it on hot grilled pita bread. So freaking amazing. For our main course, we got 1 american kobe filet ($72), and the foie gras sliders! Both were so incredible. Steak was the best steak of my life.. hands down, can't compare any other steak to it. Perfectly marbled fat, but still lean.. not an ounce of chewiness. Foie gras sliders were little bites of heaven. I love foie gras, but usually find it way too rich, BUT placed on a bun with a sort of pear mixture, it was flawless. The flavors just worked perfectly. Best presentation of foie gras I've eaten, ever, anywhere. Dessert was the beignets and creme brulee plate. I consider the beignets in NOLA much much better, but my bf disagreed. These were more dense than the ones I'm used to. Overall, can't recommend this place more. Dinner for 2 with 2 cocktails was $200 with tip, however we did split the foie gras sliders and a steak rather than getting 2 steaks. Definitely worth the splurge every once in awhile.
5	STRIPsteak is the best steakhouse I've been to in a long time and a complete opposite to the Morton's type steakhouses. We had various lobster, king crab and other seafood apps (all good) and I had the American Kobe cooked rare. A great "value" given that it's only $18 over the $54 regular filet. My only regret is not getting the Japanese Kobe! One thing that I didn't think was so special (but not enough to take away a star) was when we were served duck fries "compliments of the chef". Listen, they're just fucking fries, ok?
3	I am giving StripSteak 3 stars because my meal was not great. But everything my dining companions ordered was spot on. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak. I should have known that something that is so close to perfection in Chew the Fat diner was going to be horrible in StripSteak. There are somethings you just can't class up.  It didn't help that I ordered my steak medium rare, but it came out still mooing. Also, my potatoes were cold. Our Shabu Shabu app was delicous. The Kobe melted in my mouth. The  complimentary Duck Fat Fries are straight addicting. Especially the White Truffle fries.   Our service was excellent, and we never wanted for anything.  Wine list is fantastic, but very pricey. I went with a Pear-Lychee Martini, which my friend commented tasted like his hair product. We had wanted to have a glass of wine at Aureole before dinner, but the hostess said if we waited an hour they would be unable to seat us due the the RUSH concert ending. Somehow, I could not fathom hordes of mullet haired Rush fans descending on StripSteak. They never came. But later that evening, as I was happily  losing money in the casino they arrived in droves. So much bad hair and denim jacketsin one place , reminded me of 1989.
4	I'm not sure why this review is so damn hard to write. I have pictures of everything I had, but I can't seem to remember what was in any of the dishes.As usual, dishes are rated 1 - 10, 10 being amazing.$? Orange Cocktail (8)This is a great nightcap before a club. I don't remember what was in it, but I remember smiling. So, I would order it again.  $? Cucumber Martini (6)I thought it was a well prepared martini, but I'm not sure cucumbers belong in a martini. A little too savory for me.$23 Foie Gras Sliders, Peach Chutney, Basil (8)If you like foie gras, these are a great alternative to typical sliders. Very well executed and the dipping sauce, whatever that was, was so rich. My only complaint would be that the foie gras should be a little bigger for the size of the bun. $12 Trio of Duck Fat Fries (8)Up there with some of the best fries I've had. They were think, crisp on the outside, and made with real fries. Only DB Bistro's were better. The middle sauce was the best and the other two were just average.We ate at the bar and it's a great place for a quick bite and a couple drinks.
5	It's considered expensive for the average joe, but it's so worth it. Expect to spend an average of $125 per person...that is, if you don't order the A5 Kobe Beef steaks from Japan which starts at $170 for 6oz.You gotta love a place that serves a complimentary trio of thin cut fries fried in duck fat accompanied with 3 different ketch ups. they'll also give you bread too, but I didn't touch it because I was so absorbed with the fries. Here's a few quick summary of our dining highlights:- The service was exceptional. They were friendly, timely and got everything right.- the Pear Martini. What made this a memorable drink for me was the lychee puree, which seemed to elevate the pear flavor in a way.-Manhattan Lobster chowder- huge hunks of lobster.-Roasted Marrow Bones- extremely buttery. It needed toast points to spread it and current marmalade to offset the fatty flavor.-Truffled Mac & Cheese- this was my husband and daughter's favorite. It was good, but I wasn't feeling the big chunks of broccoli in it.-Masami Farms American Kobe "Eye" of rib eye and fillet Mignon- were tender and cooked to perfection. steaks were garnished with a large roasted and steamed orange peppers added a sweet and slightly crunchiness to the steaks when eaten together.- Spiced Carrot Cake- don't expect a neatly sliced triangle or square cake topped with cream cheese. This dessert is very "new age-ie" where the cream cheese is smeared on the dish, the cake is crumbled like a decimated city and it's dolloped with a scoop of carrot sorbet and vanilla ice cream.  It was actually really good.- Dunkin Mini Donuts with jasmine chocolate and salty caramel sauce. I loved the salty caramel sauce the best. the jasmine chocolate was very subtle. - Dark chocolate caramel corn- they gave us two bags. It was so rich and so good. I love this place. It's become my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
5	When my friends told me we were going to a place called Strip Steak, I was assuming we'd be eating steak and watching strippers. What's wrong with that combination? Steak... good! Strippers... good! In a fantasy world, such a place would exist. Unfortunately, that was not the case. At least they had great steak and that more than made up for the lack of strippers.  Turns out the strip in Strip Steak was because the restaurant was located in the Mandalay Bay hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. Ooooh. I get it.What makes Strip Steak special is not strippers but how they cook their steaks. From what I understood from the waitress, they braise their steaks to the proper doneness and then finish them over an open flame for color. A boiled steak? Don't knock it till you try it. Seriously the third best steak I've ever had. The number one spot goes to a Kobe Steak I had in Tokyo.The only thing Strip Steak could improve on is if they offered more dry aged cuts of steak. At the time of this post, they only offered their Rib Eye dry aged. Our group ordered our steaks in a variety of doneness. One in our group got them to cook a steak the rarest the restaurant has ever cooked it. They've only done it one other time since they opened. Talk about an accomplishment, to be the second person to have a steak this rare. They are on the strip after all. Instead of par boiling the steak, they pulled it straight out of the fridge, quickly placed over the flame, and served it. To our surprise, there wasn't even a drop of blood on the plate. The next time I go, I'll try the $200 Japanese Kobe 6oz filet mignon, but unfortunately, I "donated" that money to "Red 14". Any steak on the menu will definitely please your palate. One of our group suggests the lamb. Not gamey at all.
3	i really, *really* don't want to give this place 3 stars.  i want to give it 5.  every bit of my dining experience was flawless, save one.  our meal started with a couple of glasses of wine, complimentary duck fat fries (yes, they're as incredible as all the other reviews say they are), and lobster fritters (deep-fried bacon-wrapped lobster wrapped up with creme fraiche in a bit of lettuce).  we both ordered the american kobe (wagyu) fillet (more on that later).  dessert was a fabulous slightly deconstructed rocky-road ice-cream sandwich (with "happy anniversary" piped on the plate).the service was well above average. although the staff did give a bit of preferential attention to the larger, spendier groups, we were not neglected in any way.the decor was pretty straightforward and clean.  better than the dark wood and antlers decorations in many steak houses (i guess not being "angus" beef helped that ;)  they have a wide selection of high quality seafood to complement the beef, but before you bring your pesca-friends, know that they've got sides of beef curing in coolers that are visible from most seats.all in all, it was a pretty ideal setting and dinner. 5 star all the way.so, what went wrong?my steak.  as previously mentioned, ryan and i ordered the exact same thing.  we got two very, *very* different pieces of meat.  while his was perfectly medium rare, solid, and tiny bits of heaven, mine was...less so.  it was what i would consider medium, not nearly as tender, and felt more like a poor cut of meat that was reshaped to filet form.  it might not have been a filet. it might not have been wagyu (there was a lower tier of meat on the menu).  when i mentioned it to the waiter (after only having a few bites), he mentioned that the ribbons of fat through the meat sometimes make it looked more "cooked" than it was, and as long as it was medium-rare tender, it was fine.  i didn't press later, when it became clear it was an inferior piece of meat (my husband gave me a large piece of his to enjoy), and i think i could have and been compensated in some form.so, 3 stars.  i don't believe the restaurant tried to pull on over on us (because logically, you don't do that to the table that ordered identical dishes), although the waiter may have fed me a bit of a line to try and cover, which is forgivable.  in any case, i believe that if i had known more about steak in general and could have spoken with more authority, it would have been quickly rectified.
4	The best steak I've had in a long time.  I was in Vegas on business and ate in the bar by myself but the atmosphere didn't make me feel out of place.  My steak was cooked perfectly and seasoned to my liking.  I also ordered the grilled asparagus and they were good except there was some kind of cheese on them that I had to remove.
5	I ate at Strip Steak last year and my reaction was simply... "Wow!"  The first thing that you have to do is put the prices aside.  It's fine dining in Vegas and it's going to be pricier than what you get at home, deal with it.  The room space at Strip Steak was very cool considering it's carved out of a shopping mall like space.  The bar service is first rate.  Don't bother with a mundane gin & tonic here, try something where the bartenders can work their craft and you'll be really happy.  I was drinking Manhattan's and was very happy.  On to the food...  they had an interesting take on the wedge salad that every steakhouse seems to carry these days.  It was flavorful, yet not overpowering. and certainly not drowning in dressing.  The prime rib was my dessert, I mean entree.  So you see prime rib on a menu and you think Outback Steakhouse, right?  Not here.  They have a very inventive take.  The presentation allows you to get a different flavor combination of crust, meat and sauce with every bite.  As I got into eating it, I figured this out.  Mac & Cheese?  Crazy delicious.  Not your mom's Kraft Mac & Cheese.    When I had consumed all I could, I still wanted more!  Excellent foodie experience.
4	Duck Fat Rules with the FriesThe Jalapeno Corn side is to die for as is the beef carpaccio. In fact all the sides and appetizers we had at Stripsteak were really really really good.The sliders with fois gras -- what a concept ?The desserts with chocolate were great.And the beef and the lamb was good -- I am not a beef expert so I will let others talk about the steak --what i had the bone in steak -- was a bit too fatty for my llking - perhaps I shouda ordered something else but nevertheless the rest of it was good.Great service and very nice place.  Chef Minna after aqua and Michael Minna and now this place -- you have done it again -- Not sure how you manage the 12 or so restaurants you have.
2	Underwhelmed at Michael Mina's StripSteak.  Just meh.  The fries were in tiny little pieces, and not crispy enough.  The steaks were not of the same caliber we have become used to at Mastro's.  The atmosphere is fun and lively and the people watching is good. The service is nothing to snark at, and I like the fact that the room feels masculine in nature.  I have been twice and both times I was a little unhappy.  They could do better.  I won't go again.
4	So irritating... I keep having to downgrade all my 5 stars because no nice restaurant in vegas is consistently good! We chose to dine here to celebrate getting engaged... our last experience was so amazing I thought surely we would be in for a treat again.We sat in the bar area again (as we did last time). There were 4 other couples dining (total of 5 tables of 2). As soon as the waitress realized we were only ordering about $200 worth of food , she gave up on our table. I ordered a martini that sat on the bar for 22 minutes before she brought it to me! Thanks for the lukewarm drink b*tch. My water was NEVER refilled until I finally had to chase her down and ask her to. She was rude, never smiled and it was obvious $200 doesn't deserve service to her. Kobe tartar.. stil incredible. Foie gras sliders now use peach and came served cold. I prefer my seared foie gras served warm, but I do realize room temp is considered "good" to some, so I can't faul them. Steak was still awesome. Side of mac and cheese had broccoli in it. My fiance and I hate broccoli.. seriously put that in the description if you're going to try to put gross healthy stuff in my fatty mac and cheese dish!Luckily I still love the food.. but being completely ignored by a waitress and staring at your warm martini sitting on the bar for over 20 minutes is unacceptable. Our special night was still enjoyable, but good service would have reallly made the difference!
4	First off, we didn't have reservations but they were able to fit us in before we went to go see santana....(disclaimer: yes, i am under the age of 30 :))started with the duck fat fries trio, shellfish platter, kobe beef carpaccio... so far, everything was great!  some people mentioned that their fries were not crispy but ours were perfect...these fries were much better than the ones that i had at citrus at social....i had the kurobuta pork along with the butter poached lobster tail...r had the american kobe. the pork was awesome BUT the lobster tail was lacking.  honestly, how can you mess up on lobster?sides that have accompanied our meal were the truffled mac & cheese, the black eyed peas with chorizo and rapini, stone ground grits, the potato puree trio, and the jalapeno creamed corn.  i wil have to say that the sides were perfection.  serious comfort food yo~we ended our meal with beignets along with our expressos....the beignets were a nice finish to our meal.  also, they provided us caramel popcorn as complements of the chef and it was a great little perk to take with us at the concert.  the greatest thing about our meal was the fact that they were able to get us out of the restaurant so that we didn't miss the concert.  honestly, they would have received 5 stars if it wasn't for the bad lobster.... again, who really messes up on lobster?
4	So far the BEST steak house I have been to in LV. Went this past weekend and have already made my reservations for my next trip in 2 weeks. Since everyone in my group was getting steaks, I decided to mooch off of them and indulge my self in other pleasantries. So I got the West Coast Kushi oysters - similar to Kumamotos - my fav. I also got the bone marrow - nothing spectacular - a bit plain actually, just the marrow and some toast. I like it when marrow is spruced up a bit with capers and greens. So I wont be ordering this again from here. I also wanted to get the Fois Grois but the waiter suggested the Pate. It was good, but wish I had gone with my previous choice. The Pate - since i was eating it by myself - was a bit too heavy for only one to consume, especially when paired with the rich taste of the marrow - my bad overall, I should have considered it. My friend's Filet was AMAZING the most beautiful piece of meet you've ever seen. I will probably be getting that on ym next trip. My boyfriend's aged rib eye - rare - was succulent . My other friend got his rib eye med rare and it wa s bit too dry. We enjoyed a nice Syrah - $80, the lesser end of the list, but still lovely. The scalloped potatoes were awesome, as was the jalapeno cream corn. The Sides there are a MUST - get as many as your stomach can handle! AND you may not think you have room for desert but share the coconut passion fruit sorbet plate with your table - you'll be glad you did. The tangy fruitiness is an excellent way to end the heaviness of the meal - along with a double espresso, of course, to kick you out of the coma.
5	As a steak lover and fan of kobe, I had the best steak of my life at this establishment.  I ordered the kobe cap steak and it was delicious.  It melted in my mouth and was perfectly cooked.  My one regret is that I ate too many of the french fries (courtesy of the chef), bread and crab cake and could not finish my steak.  This is my new favorite Las Vegas restaurant.  Bravo Michael Mina!*Note - watch out... the hostesses are a bit rude and overtly snotty.
5	Randomly came here for dinner after watching "Mamma Mia!" with my bf a few weekends ago... and OH BOY, what a great decision it was for us to come here!  Despite it being the weekend, it wasn't that busy (I'm guessing this crappy economy has something to do with it) so we were quickly seated.  Instead of your normal bread & butter, Stripsteak gives you a sampler of 3 different types of french fries (paprika, regular, garlic) and 3 dipping sauces for you to munch on.  They get an extra star for originality!  I tried their cucumber martini... which was refreshing at first but started to taste too cucumber-y towards the end.  But once again, extra star for being innovative and atypical.I'm not a big meat person so I ordered their alaskan halibut.  Nothing fancy - just grilled with some herbs/spices on top.  But it was still very juicy and not overcooked AT ALL.My boyfriend ordered some steak special they had ... I forgot the name but I had a bite and it was tender and JUICY!!! For sides, we ordered their truffled mac & cheese and asparagus.  Once again, excellent.Great ambience, great service, great food... only downside is the prices... but then again, it is suppose to be fine dining so no negative points in that aspect.Probably the best steak house in Vegas that I have tried thus far... I highly recommend it!
3	When I strolled into this joint with my pockets bulging with Mandalay Bay chips I expected to be completely blown away. The place is nicely designed and of course has the usual eye-candy-ish host staff at the front desk that you learn to expect at these fancy schmancy type places. The young blond hottie proceeded to seat me right next to another couple who were dressed to impress while I was looking slightly better than alley trash. My first thought was to ask to move, but then I decided that since I might get bored at any moment that I would just sit there and eavesdrop on their conversation. When I gamble I usually either GO BIG, or play really conservative, so I decided to treat this meal the same way. I pulled out a quarter and gave it a flip. Tails for cheap. Alright the theme has been set. Instead of ordering the $180 wagyu 8oz steak I opted for the 16? 18? oz $51bone-in rib-eye. For a side-dish I chose the "caramelized onion and goat cheese scalloped potatoes" which came in at like $13 or $14. I also ordered WATER. Bottled water sir? No, just regular water please. Oh and with the steak please bring me an $18 a glass of this cheap Cabernet. Would you like an appetizer to start off with sir? No. A salad or some crab-cakes? No thanks. I'm not really starving right now so I can wait. So as the waiter rushes off I proceed to listen to the life-stories of this couple I was seated next to and waited for my food. Ahem, Sir the chef sent you this complimentary fries, three different types of fries, each paired with its own special dip. Actually these fries were pretty good, but if you go here, I wouldn't spend 9 bucks for them, just wait for them to get comped. Anyhow, the steak was cooked a perfect medium rare, but it had a little more fat and bone than I would have liked. The scalloped potatoes were excellent. A little rich for some people I would suspect but good for me. While savoring the taste of the rib-eye, a thought occurred to me: When I cook rib-eyes over mesquite wood at home on my BBQ after seasoning them properly, they taste almost exactly like this. Ahh well, probably just overestimating my own potential again. To give this place a fair review I would probably have to kick out more cash than the $94 bucks I spent here. It was good. It is probably a great place to take a date to impress or the wife/girlfriend/mistress for some special occasion.  I guess you are paying for the ambiance.  It was good and I'll probably end up here again after pillaging the Mandalay blackjack tables, but not overly impressive, at least with the cheap stuff I ordered.
5	One cocktail tip... indulge in the Rock & Rye cocktail.  It's the orangey looking beverage delight in the decanter at the end of the bar.  Oh so nice!And like the other folks have said, the duck fat fries are very tempting.
5	For my girlfriend's first big vegas trip, I decided on StripSteak and will have a hard time going anywhere else from now on. Must say the service was top notch from the first second we arrived and carried through to every team member that assisted us. We had the Angus filet mignon and ny strip, the filet was THE BEST i've ever eaten; not a bit left on the plate. My date's strip steak was very tender, just right. Gotta throw some fuel on the "duck fat fries" fire because they were spot on. Great service and even better food is my idea of fine dining. Will be returning.
5	This my 3rd Michael Mina experience. After my first, I adored his Michael Mina's Arcadia (San Jose, CA) food, after my second at Michael Mina's in San Francisco, I began to trust him with my taste in food...and after strip steak...I think I now trust him with my life! I think i'd marry him just to make my tummy happy all the time=)Strip Steak is yummy....they have an interesting menu; some you don't see in normal steak places like their ribeye cap! that was superb. My angus filet mignon satisfying...but Oohhhhh!!! their mac&cheese?!?!?! HANDS DOWN, THE BEST MAC&CHEESE I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!! so common things can be a complete shocker too....but only with Michael Mina=)
5	There's nothing like a traditional turkey dinner at Thanksgiving, even if it's in Vegas at StripSteak.  I've finally gotten around to writing about it, and for so many reasons I will hold this place close to my heart.  My true friend who decided to share this with me, has all my love.The restaurant is wonderfully decorated, with the wood boards clasped along the side walls, the sleek lighting, and lounge-styled booths and tables.  Walk around to view the kitchen as well.  The space is expansive, and not overly cluttered by many tables.Three different types of fries, along with three different sauces started the evening.  Wonderful.  Their beet salad with burrata cheese was phenomenal, what a great combination of texture and taste.  The turkey dinner, complete with stuffing, was near perfection.  Dessert was grapefruit panna cotta, coconut ice cream, passionfruit, and lemongrass.  I was amazed by how wonderful this combination tasted.They have a great selection of specialty cocktails and a fairly good wine list to go along with a great menu.Unique, and definitely worthy of a visit.
5	Outstanding Salmon! I know who goes to StripSteak and doesn't eat steak.... Me! Whatever. The place was awesome! If you are in Vegas you must stop by the Mandalay Bay and check it out. Ron Jeremy was in the table next to us chowing down too! Guess the porn convention was in town. AMAZING FOOD, A MUST DINE EXPERIENCE!
5	fantastic service, great food, cozy decor, i could spend a lot of money at this place, fantastic wine list, but again by the bottle at a huge mark up, would be nice if they were not so greedy with the wine prices, but the corkage is only $ 25.00 and that i can live with. somewhat overpriced even for the strip, but its darn good,  a pleasing array of menu items, wonderful service, i will be back,
4	Pretty good, maybe I had such high expectations. Before I came to vegas I saw this restaurant on TV. So I was so hyped to try it. Our waitress said its Esquire magazines voted one of the top steakhouse in America. They had waygu steak ranging around 100+ a steak. I tried the dry aged ribeye, which was pretty good, but I've had better. Funniest thing about this restaurant is when you leave your napkin to go to the restroom, somone would come rushing over to fold it. Try it out, just throw your napkin on the table, and instantly someone would notice, and when you leave your table an come back it would be neatly folded. When I was there we put them to work. Oh the complimentry duck fat fries were the bomb...stay away from the bone marrow compliment...eww
3	I had their bone in ribeye and it was okay nothing special for the same price Ruth Chris's bone in ribeye is way better. The duck fat fries were different not great though and i am a fan of duck too. What i was impressed with were their foie gras sliders they were amazing! The service their was snobby.
5	We had a fantastic dinner here with my work for our holiday Christmas dinner. I was worried that with a large group and a set menu we wouldn't be able to experience it as it really is, but not the case. They handled our group perfectly. With 30 people my steak still came out perfectly cooked, all the food was served together, the service was fantastic and everything we tried was amazing. Tried the trio of duck fat fries with dips (a Michael Mina classic if you've been to some of his other spots), breads, steak, mac and cheese, creamed spinach, beignets, all fantastic. Look forward to coming back and trying the rest of the menu. I'm always looking for new spots in Vegas to bring friends and family when we meet them there, and I'll definitely be bringing my folks here!
4	For starters, the service was amazing. We ate at the bar, and the bartenders were friendly and did a great job of making sure our drinks---even the water---were always full.My sashimi appetizer was delicious. And my brother declared the kobe hamburger the best burger he's always had.Of course, as with all good restaurants in Vegas, it was expensive. For example, a kobe burger at Palena in DC, generally considered the best in the city, goes for $10. At StripSteak it was $22.Regardless, if you are looking for a good meal in Vegas, eat here.
5	If Yelp had a special feature where you can attach audio files with your review, I would gladly re-enact the noises I was making during my dinner at Michael Mina's StripSteak at the Mandalay Bay.   It would basically be borderline pornographic...The three words you need to hear at the beginning of your dinner that ensures a very pleasurable experience... DUCK FAT FRIES (and a trio no less).  What an amazing thing!  Light, crispy, wonderful flavor.  I was expecting something that would be too rich to handle, but these were great.  Three flavors (bbq, truffle, herbed) with accompanying dipping sauces.  Yum.I decided to forego an appetizer as I really wanted to sink my teeth into some steak.  So tempted to go for Wagyu beef, but I went for an 18oz dry-aged Angus rib-eye... perfectly seasoned and cooked.  No need for any kind of sauce.  And the sides...The sides!  Truffled mac n' cheese.... and not just mac n' cheese made with truffle oil, but actual truffle shavings in the sauce!  Heaven.  Creamed spinach with bacon... caramelized onion and goat cheese scalloped potatoes... and their complimentary foccacia bread.   For dessert... Beignets with 18-year-old Scotch pudding... just the right amount of booziness.  The beignets were warm, light, and airy. As if this isn't enough fried dough... i also ordered the Dunkin' mini doughnuts... these came with jasmine infused chocolate sauce and salted caramel sauce... yes...  yes...Service was wonderful... The space is beautiful and modern.  This is my second visit to a Michael Mina restaurant... he hasn't disappointed.   Can't wait to go to his other restaurants!
2	"MY God, what have I done to deserve this", were the words I spoke when eating here. Being in Las Vegas, Nevada, a.k.a. Sin City, I knew that I had to atone for my sins, but I do not know what sin I could have committed to deserve this place! I can not tell you how many times I've been disappointed by restaurants that tout their great service and even better food, then come away feeling despondent.However, this restaurant takes the proverbial cake, and a crap one at that!Where to begin? After having been sitting at a table with my guest for 15 minutes, the waitress finally decided it was time to work. Realizing that she was indifferent, my guest and I ordered some red wine to numb the pain we knew lay ahead. When the wine came, it was as warm as the desert outside the hotel. Enduring this bit of pain, we decided to press our luck further.I ordered the Kobe steak which after about 40 minutes of wondering when my food would show up, came most disappointingly. Kobe beef, the most rarified and king of all steaks, prepared properly medium rare, came out well done. Well done! I was horrified to see such splendor squandered. I decided to take a bite and tasted charcoal. I was livid. I found my nonexistent, indifferent waitress and demanded to see the manager.A manager came round and apologized and brought me another Kobe steak, this time thankfully, faster than the last. When it finally arrived, it too suffered a cruel fate reserved only for witches in Salem. I spoke with the manager who brought out his manager. This new bloke apologized some more and took my meal off my bill. My bill? Yes, it seems I still had to pay for my guest whose food was only average. I feel that if one person's meal is ruined, everyone's is. Therefore everything should be taken care of. Sadly, Strip Steak doesn't think this way. Strip Steak simply doesn't think or cook for that matter. They can apologize well though.
5	Based on the way I look and my last name, most people think I'm Latin or of Spanish descent. And perhaps if you go back far enough in my heritage, you could say I am of Spanish descent... But maybe it's also because I am a carnivore and because I'm a late diner. I mean LATE. Like I have dinner at 11pm.Fortunately for me, Stripsteak more than satisfies my needs as a late dining carnivore.On a late Monday night, my girlfriend and I made the trek to Mandalay Bay to have dinner at Stripsteak and were nothing short of impressed.We were greeted and seated promptly, given professional & knowledgeable service and treated to a wonderful meal of complimentary duck-fat fries, beets & burrata salad, crab louie lettuce cups; amazing lamb & heavenly-flavored, mesquite-roasted rib-cap steak.I have to say, if you love rib-eye, you will LOVE Stripsteak's rib-cap. 10oz of wonderfully seasoned juicy Angus steak.I will definitely be back to satisfy my inner Spanish demons!
5	One more notch to add to my quest of trying every single Michael Mina restaurant!  Yessss!! (Fist pump)Great, great food.  Does not disappoint.  The duck fat fries are a must, people.  Also, the burratta salad was fresh and delicious, and my boyfriend's rib cap steak was incredible.  He said that it was one of the BEST steaks he's ever had in his entire life.  Coming from a 32 year old extreme carnivore, that's pretty substantial.  Also, my lamb chops were scrumptious as well.In addition, the bill ended up not being ridiculously high as we anticipated.  I'd say Strip Steak rivals N9NE in terms of the type of ambiance and crowd they are attempting to attract.  Go to Strip Steak for a quieter, romantic and more upscale meal.  This delicious, satisfying meal was exactly what I needed after almost killing myself with alcohol poisoning a couple nights before.  I'll be back.
5	I hope to get through this review without drooling all over my laptop. So I chose this place for My boyfriend's 30th birthday dinner, and it's one of those happy occasions where I cannot imagine a better choice.  As soon as we sat down in the plush chairs in the middle of the gorgeous but unpretentious dining room, and picked up the Happy Birthday card the establishment had written out to my beau, it felt right.Then we started sipping the best cocktails we've ever had.  Birthday boy tried the Claymore, an intriguing blend of Scotch, elderflower syrup, and Lambic beer. Sounded flat-out weird, but was out-of-this-world good. Just a little sweet and you could totally taste the smoothness of that good Scotch. Before we order, we are presented with a trio of french fries with their own dipping sauces! Herb with Ketchup, Duck Fat with Truffle sauce, and Paprika with Barbecue. I'm afraid I'm gonna bust out another superlative. I don't wanna get discredited that way, but hot damn, these were best fries I'd ever had. Specifically the duck fat and truffle sauce. What can I say about those fries? When you ate them, the world fell away. It was just you, the fried potato, and the truffle sauce.Birthday boy picked an appetizer that the server recommended: Lobster and bacon fritters wrapped in bibb lettuce with a meyer lemon creme fraiche. Not my thing at all, but he was quite content with it. Meahwhile, I reveled in a fantastical salad of tri-colored beets with burrata. Do you know burrata? It's a fresh mozzarella that's made molten with cream.  It's hard to make, and its quite expensive. It's often flaunted on a menu as the star of a dish, but then miniscule in portion compared to the other ingredients. Not here, at Stripsteak! I enjoyed two healthy-sized, mouth-watering balls of exquisite burrata, which were complimented just perfectly with the lightly dressed roasted beets. At $15, this was a deal. Between the cocktail, beets, and fries, I probably didn't need to consume much more, but then our steaks came. We both ordered filet mignon ($54). There was nothing MIGNON about these steaks, they were enormous! I ordered mine "Rare- really rare" and I was happy to see that the while the outside was seared dark, it was red and cold beyond a few millimeters. It was perfect. Perfect, perfect, perfect. Now, at Ruth Chris and the like, the $8 sides of sauteed vegetables or baked potatoes remind you of the expensive wrappings and bows you have to buy for a wedding gift. A necessary accompaniment to the main event that makes it pretty and complete, but would be utterly useless and ridiculous if purchased on their own. The sides here at Stripsteak are NOT wrapping paper. You could bring a vegetarian to Stripsteak and they would be just as happy with these sides as the carnivores with their meat. Truffled Macaroni and cheese. **Maniacal laugh heard here at the mention of this dish.** According to our server, the best thing on the menu. No arguments here!We also had Scalloped potatoes with goat cheese. Giving the mac a run for its money.If that wasn't enough gluttony to invoke wrath from the Gods, we also had an accompaniment of grilled foie gras. Each bite bursted with sinful flavor as it instantly melted on our tongues.  I cannot express to you how blessed we were to be eating these side dishes. It was pure, unfettered bliss. This is comfort-food that grew up to be a gorgeous, confident Gourmet. It's the best of both worlds. We played happily with combining these flavors. This bite is filet with truffled mac. This bite is filet with goat cheese. This bite is filet with a bit of the roasted shallot, the most delicious garnish in town. And then there was the moment that I realized "Hey! What about the trufffle dipping sauce from the fries? I bet that will taste good with the steak!"I never thought I was going to be able to eat that enormous steak, but despite being at capacity, I ate and ate and ate until everything was gone. The birthday boy chose beignets with chocolate mouse dipping sauce, not my thing, and then I happily paid the $300 bill. It was worth it.
3	Came here for dinner on our last night in Vegas.  Made some good choices, made some bad choices...App: Trio of duck fat fries with different sauces was pretty darn tasty. Similar to how McDonalds fries are tasty, and onion rings, and wings, basically anything fried.  Dad wanted sashimi (at a steak restaurant?), I knew it was going to be bad, but he couldn't be unconvinced- TOTALLY GROSS, do not order this.Albacore sashimi?? Keep that stuff in the can plz.I got a roasted beet salad, which I expected to be a little more rustic... but they kind of tasted like canned beets.  And too much of the white cheese! Ordered the truffled mac and cheese after being convinced by the waiter...only OK, not blown away and couldn't really taste whatever was truffled.  I think they use the word truffle as a license to charge and extra $5. :/My dry aged steak was pretty damn good, which I would have been pissed if it wasn't for $60.  My dad's waygu tip steak thing was also tender and delicious. Brothers pork and collards with grits was only ok. Not too much flavor.All in all, I think I would skip this for some other steak house.
5	Went inside on a whim as A and I killed time before our flight.  We were hungry and neither of us had tried this place so we decided to give it a try.  I really enjoyed the simple earthy toned decor with its dim lighting and the blocks of wood that make up the wall.  We started with some appetizers and wine by the bar because dinner had not started yet and were pleasantly intrigued with what else they had to offer.We ordered the oysters and the foie gras sliders with pear compote.  Two of our very favorite foods and both were spectacular! We had to stay for dinner.We were moved to the dining area where we both had the waygu Japanese rib eye med-rare of course.  It was perfectly prepared on their wood burning grill and went perfectly with the truffle mac and cheese (not the best MnC ever but still mouth watering).We were served complimentary duck fat fries with a trio of dips and bags of caramel popcorn at the end.Can't recall the wine we had but after stuffing our faces we were the last passengers to board the last flight out to LA scampering into the plane buzzed and satisfied. 15 min later our luggage was loaded and we took off--I'm sure we got some dirty looks for the extra lag but the food coma had set in and we were knocked out.  Thanks A for a fabulous meal.
5	Popped into here for a quick bite before a show. Sat at the bar and had the Kobe-style burger and duck fat fries. Best burger EVER! and the duck fat fries are perfect.
4	I came here for dinner with some work colleagues after a long day of meetings.  We didn't have a reservation for our party of six, but we were able to get a table right away just before the place started to fill up (around 7:30 PM on a Tuesday).  For appetizers, we decided to stick with the complimentary duck fat fries with matching dipping sauces.  These were excellent...if that was all I had to eat here I would have left very satisfied.  I followed this with the house salad, then the 18 oz. dry-aged bone-in ribeye.  I ordered my steak medium rare, and it came out perfect, the steak was very tasty.  We ordered a side dishes to split amongst the table: carrots, truffled mac and cheese, shiitake mushrooms, and scalloped potatoes.  All were excellent, though my favorite by far was the mac and cheese.  We were all very satisfied with our meals and with the service.  Angus steaks range from $36 to $69 while the Wagyu beef starts at $64 for an 8 oz. American Kobe ribeye and goes up from there.
5	After arriving at the Mandalay Bay hotel on Friday, I heard my buddies tell of a fabulous time and incredible meal they had the night before at STRIPSTEAK.  As we sat at the Red White and Blue cafe eating a marginal lunch (I'll deal with them in another review) we had all decided to go back there before our weekend was up.  For starters we had the duck-fat fries which came with a trio of dipping sauces and a fillet tartar appetiser.  Each item was better than the next.  Their slow poaching process of cooking the beef creates the softest and most flavorful cut of meat that you will not soon forget.  While there try a Hendricks martini with a twist to keep the atmosphere alive.  Bravo to Chef Michael Mina and his STRIPSTEAK at the Madaly bay
5	My first experience at a Michael Mina restaurant, and I was impressed!After I found out they serve imported Japanese A5 Wagyu, I had to try it!I called to check the price the night before.. $185 for a 6oz Ribeye.  Pricey! It was the most expensive steak I've ever had.  Although I prefer Filet, if it's really A5, it should be just as tender as a Filet.   I think the Wagyu at CUT at the Palazzo is A3, but don't hold me to that. I decided to risk it, and I arrived on a Tuesday Eve around 6pm w/o reservations.  I was seated on arrival.  The booth was very comfortable with fluffy pillows.   Instead of bread, they served a complimentary trio of Duck Fat fries.  They each had different seasonings, and dipping sauces.  I liked the garlic sauce the best, it was very thin, and rich and I knew I was racking up the calories when I was eating it.   It was one of the best dipping sauces I've ever had. The fries themselves were maybe 3.5-4 star, not the best I've had, but better than average.  I usually don't use dipping sauces on my fries, but the garic dip was excellent.   The fries were better than Wolfgang's CUT steakhouse french fry side dish. I ordered the A5 Japanese Ribeye Wagyu ($185) along with Foie Gras as a side ($19)It came pretty fast.  The restaurant itself wasn't very busy.  I dropped by the night before around 830-9, and it looked alot busier.   The bar was packed, though.The steak was good. It was very tender, as I expected.  Very buttery, and rich.  The seasoning was outstanding.  The steak came pre sliced in thin slices, about 8-10 pieces.  I suppose they can make sure it is cooked correctly throughout.   Mine came out medium rare, as requested.  Compared to the wagyu filet I tried at CUT in Beverly Hills, I have to say this comes very close to being the best steak I've ever had.  It was on Par, for sure... The foie gras was maybe the best I've ever had! It was more tender than the steak, like butter, served hot, and was very rich.  It was well worth the $19.   I had no room for dessert, and nothing looked too appetizing to me. Overall, a very outstanding meal for a very expensive price.   Bring your wallet, the total with tax and tip was nearly $270.  That is for just 1 person. The soda is $4 a pop w/ no freebie refills.
5	StripSteak was a GREAT restaurant! I had the American Kobe and let me tell you. This was the best steak every! My girlfriend had the Kansas City Strip Steak. The food came with three different type of french fries and three different types of sauces. The restaurant was designed with glass walls. Now that's unique.
5	I'm feeling super spoiled because I got to eat out at five fantastic restaurants this week.It's not the most inviting thing to hear your server introduce you to duck-fat french fries but WOW, are they consumable.StripSteak took the place of my beloved 3950 Steakhouse at Mandalay Bay. While 3950 will also be close to  my heart and stomach, StripSteak is a great runner-up.I have eaten here five or so times and it has been excellent service and amazing food everytime. The staff is inviting and friendly.I recommend the burrata & beets (everyone knows I am infatuated with the melt-in-your-mouth-mozzarella-of-choice).If you want to save room for drinks and some donuts... or as some say beignets, split a steak and add a crab leg.The side portions are ample. The steak, supple. The crab, succulent.I'm a traditionalist and prefer the filet instead of ribeye or the other guys. Can't go anywhere nowadays without seeing mac n' cheese on the menu. Don't miss theirs though. Chunks of broccoli, the essence of truffles and a perfectly rich cheese (gruyere I think?) make it memorable.They serve Chat. Lynch-Bages by the glass. Love it.We have been here with 2 people up to 10 people. They are very accommodating with any size. Only downfall... it looks like a high-end cafeteria. Nothing intimate about the place. If you are coming with a group of at least six guests, I would recommend requesting a booth so you aren't in the middle of the restaurant... then again the walls around it are clear acrylic.There are only two restrooms TOTAL. Have to venture out into the casino if someone is taking forever.I will always go back and I will always recommend StripSteak... but I do miss the purple velvet booths of 3950.
5	This was our second visit; the first was two years ago.I'd forgotten just how pricey the place was.The food was delicious; two of our party of four, perhaps feeling guilty about the menu prices, ordered the Kobe Hamburger which they reported as excellent.I had the Kobe rib-eye with foie gras.  Oh, yeah!To avoid the ridiculously high markup on wine be the bottle, we enjoyed several wine-by-the-glass choices though the choices by the glass are limited.Service was excellent and we enjoyed the minimalist decor.  Michael Mina has a winner here IMHO.
4	There's two types of steakhouses in Vegas: Quiet fancy ones that look like they came out of a country club, or loud trendy ones that pump Moby into the room and have so much tile and glass that you can barely hear the person across the table talk to you.StripSteak falls into the latter category. (It's fairly easy to tell the difference between the two types of restaurants, just watch for the rich old guys wheeling their oxygen tanks towards the former.)I went for the lamb, my colleagues for the strip steaks.  Entrees check in around $50-ish.  All were expertly prepared.  For sides, we shared the spinach souffle (excellent, imaginative), the creamed spinach with bacon (good, but a bit ordinary), and a baked potato (not much you can do to sex that up).If you want a good, large hunk of cow before you go out to hit the bars, StripSteak will get you in that mood.  If you want a quiet, relaxing dinner, the atmosphere may overwhelm.  But the quality of the food matches the prices.
5	As you will see from my reviews I have eaten at high end steak places in NY, Philadelphia and DC.....this is definitely in the top 5 of all of them.   We went here with a group and ate on a thursday night, we had no problem getting a table for 4 at 8pm with reservations.   I had the lobster with bacon appetizer which was honestly the lowlight of my meal but still very good.   My wife had a beet salad which looked nice and a friend of mine split onion rings with the table.   The free fries were also amazing and we loved the different sauces.Next came the main courses.   My wife ordered a filet done perfectly.   My friends GF had the halibut which was also excellent.   I had the regular rib eye and the king crap options as did my friend.   Let me just say this steak was seasoned and cooked PERFECTLY.   The king crap legs that were the side were amazing.   They were split and all of the good parts were left.   A great addition! We got the mashed potato sides  as well as a mushroom that was part of a forrest fire.   I think that this is a great steakhouse and a great place to eat.   I would highly recommend this place in LV.
5	Great steaks.  This is one of the top steakhouses in Vegas and one of only a handful that serves true Kobe beef from Japan.Been here five times in the past two years.  The restaurant has been consistently good although expensive.  Be prepared to spend $250/person for this culinary adventure.The ambiance is a little strange.  It is trendy (like all other Mandalay Bay restaurants), they miss the mark with their LOUD music aimed at the 30 something crowd.  I'm that age so I did not mind YELLING to my fellow diners but common, the place was filled with 50 something year old business people.Service was excellent.  This restaurant has an excellent sommelier and a wine list to match his expertise.  Be sure to let your price range be known ahead of making selections.  On a recent visit, we spent over $1,300 for two bottles of wine.WARNING - Do not fill up on the excellent appetizers or you will not enjoy your steak.You are given some duck fat fries and a variety of dipping sauces.  The truffle is to die for.  On to the appetizers, do not pass up the foir gras sliders.   They are incredible.Steaks are what this place is about.  Just skip the common steaks and go right for the Japanese Kobe.  You can get prime steaks back at home.  These steaks seem small (6 - 8 oz) but they are so rich that the small portion size will fill you up.  Do not be put off by the high prices ($180+) for the steak.  Splurge and enjoy.   Be sure not to have the steak beyond medium rare or it becomes a regular piece of meat.Sides are good but again, who can eat that much.  Just enjoy your steak.
4	There is no reason you should have a bad steak in Las Vegas. Michael Mina is making that statement with bold creativity and solid food. I'm a big of fan of anywhere that puts decent thought into the overall layout of the place, decor, sitting, and most importantly the menu. I can't help myself but feel cool walking around in stripsteak. It's like technology, and fashion meets comfort food I wish my mom could compete with stripsteak food around the holidays. I've been here 3 times so far and def see stripsteak becoming a regular place I go with big groups of people before we head out for a crazy night at the club.Start with an extra order of duck fat fries if you are with more than 2 people because they are ammmmmmmmazingly delic. will disappear in a matter of minutes. Along side TRUFFLE SAUCE AND HERB KETCHUP. That alone is my dreams coming true.The flat iron, the flat iron, the flat iron! And A5 filet!For sides I enjoyed the lobster mash and sour cream and onion mash. The jalapeno creamed corn. Wasn't too into the truffled mac-n-cheese even though I love truffles, this wasn't seasoned right and not enough going on in my mouth. It needed a crunch or something,
5	StripSteak is the ultimate in artery clogging indulgence.    Dry aged steaks, poached in clarified butter and cooked on wood fired grills.  Yes, I said poached in butter.  The steak is first heated in warm BUTTER before it is grilled.   This process results in the richest, most tender, most flavorful steak I have ever had.  I'm sure the cut of steak we chose also helped, we both had the ribeye cap.  The cap is the ultra rich and soft outside layer of the ribeye.  The part that I normally save for last because I like it so much.  This is the only place I've ever heard of that serves just the cap.  It was amazing!   We also had the foie gras sliders, the foie was great, but I thought that the other accoutrements took away from its flavor.  The duck fat fries were delicious, especially the truffled ones.  The mac and cheese was great, super rich with plenty of truffle oil.   As if all this wasn't enough, we topped it off with warm beignets topped with creme brulee, a fittingly rich and delicious dessert.I am writing this two days after my dinner and I am happy to say that I did not suffer any type of heart attack and plan on returning to stripsteak next time I am in Vegas.      I would also like to add that our server was great, I wish I remembered his name.  He was very knowledgeable about the menu and cooking process and helped make the meal memorable.
5	I loved this place. This place "was. an. experience." It's a surprisingly chic place not far from Fleur de Lys in Mandalay Bay and right next to a Starbucks. It was packed and loud, so I guess that's a good sign. To be honest, I wasn't impressed with our waiter. He seemed like a casual Billy Corgan type who was interested in talking to you so long as you were increasing your order. No small talk, 0 personality, and the real piss ant is he conveniently didn't add our restaurant.com coupon to our bill. He may have forgotten, but frankly this is the second time this has happened to me in Vegas, and seeing how just about every other attraction in Vegas is designed to suck the money out of your pocket I can't help but wonder if it's not a coincidence. They must slip more than a few bills under the noses of patrons who unknowingly assume they got their discount but fail to check after a bottle of wine, but not me, and I'm not too forgiving about this ether, because I think it really is intentional. Anyway, the food is what saved this place from a more negative review because in the end that is all I really and truly care about anyway. Anyone can learn how to carry a plate of food to a table, but it takes a talented individual to craft a work of art in the kitchen. We had salad to start. Frankly I wasn't impressed with my caesar.  It seemed a bit bland. I was hoping this wouldn't be precursor to the rest of the meal but in this rare occasion it wasn't at all. Salad must not be their thing because the rest of the meal was mind blowing. I had a regular filet with a side of peppercorn sauce and another side of the creamed corn. Ummmm....the food was utterly fantastic. The filet was of EXCELLENT quality. Perfect taste and texture throughout, and the accompanying pepper sauce was not a creamy peppercorn sauce like you usually get, but more of a demi glace sauce with peppercorns - truly the sauce I have been after for years.The sides of the mashed potatoes 3 ways was stunning. They serve 3 little bowls of mashed taters. One is sour cream and chives infused, the other is lobster infused, and the third is horseradish infused. Each was the creamiest, smoothest mashed potato I have ever had, and was accented perfectly with its character ingredient. Wow. With the steak it was just superb. The creamed corn with jalapeno was very good, although not the best ever. Still very nicely done though and no complaints.To top it off, and the reason this place is a solid 5 star experience and worthy of one of the most smitten reviews I have ever posted was the simple divine experience I had with the Executive Chef, Ben (lost his business card but remember his name).I was walking out of the restroom, and stopped by to look at their see-through window next to the grill where they cook the steaks and other entrees. I noticed what seemed to be a chef standing nearby, so in a spontaneous moment of gratitude I went up to him and told him how much I enjoyed my food. He was very nice, and after I asked a few more questions about how the steak is prepared, he said "come on, I'll take you back." He actually took me back in the kitchen past all the kitchen staff who were probably thinking "WTF is this guy doing in here?", and took me straight up to the grill where a few beautiful steaks were in the home stretch. He explained the process, how the steaks actually soak in clarified butter at a perfectly controlled temperature before they are grilled. This would explain the awesomeness of the steak, actually, but now that I've tasted it I know that it's the best. He enthusiastically answered my other questions about the kitchen ("is it really like Hell's Kitchen??") and then ushered me out of the kitchen. I don't know why this is such a big deal to me, but it really just impressed the heck out of me that the Executive Chef of one of the best restaurants I'd ever been to was so down to Earth and gave me an impromptu tour of his kitchen. I remember as a young boy my dad would approach the cockpits of planes even during flights sometimes to talk to the pilots, and they would bring us into the cockpit, explain a few neat things, and then with a wink we'd be on our way. Obviously those days are gone forever, but tonight I had a bit of the same feeling; the man running the ship gave me the tour with no expectation of anything in return. Clearly I don't believe this kind of thing happens that much anymore and that's why I'm so ecstatic, but it was a privilege and an honor to meet him and I cannot thank him enough for his exemplary skills as both a chef and a business man. I'm a fan of Strip Steak for sure. Maybe next time if I win big in Vegas I'll try the Japanese Kobe (it's not cheap). Until then I'll enjoy a superb domestic cut of beef and be glad I can afford the luxury.
3	StripSteak is a fine steakhouse but, unfortunately, doesn't live up to the hype.I'll start with something positive.  The ambience, to be expected, is excellent.  Good use of wood, and in an open, non-stuffy, modern way.  They start you off with some complimentary french fries and potato bread.  The fries are gourmet (one kind is cooked in duck fat) and are good, but not great.  (In fact, I had some McDonalds fries the next afternoon which left me just as satisfied).  The bread is a bit dry.  I would never order it.As for the drinks, I had a glenlivet 12 (can't report much there) and a cucumber martini.  The cucumber martini was perfect for a hot Vegas day (95 degrees) and was refreshing.  I also haven't been to too many places that offer a cucumber martini, so that was nice.  As for the drink itself, it was un-nuanced.  Overall, though, I'd get it again.Onto the steaks.  I've been on a wagyu kick lately and like to compare the different restaurants that offer it, so I was glad to see they offered it here.  The price is supposedly market, so on this night, it was $185 for a 6 oz. New York.  In short, I was disappointed.  First, they serve it pre-sliced.  That pissed me off.  Pre-slicing alters the surface/area ratio, which means that each slice gets cold quickly.  I tried to return the steak to get a new one that wasn't pre-sliced, but the most they would do was "flash" the steak.  B.S.  In any event, the steak itself fell way below expectations.  Unlike CUT, the wagyu at StripSteak did not melt in my mouth and I still had to chew (ok, at CUT you do have to chew, but barely).  I would never order the wagyu here again.I went with four other guys and none of them were impressed with their steaks (they don't even go to nice steakhouses often).  In fact, one said that the steak at Lawry's "destroyed" the steak at StripSteak.  That gives you some context.On the other hand, StripSteak's truffled macarroni and cheese was truly divine.  In all seriousness, and forgive me for the superlatives, it was the best mac & cheese I've ever had, and by a wide margin.  For the truffled mac & cheese alone, I would go back to StripSteak.  If you go, it is a must order.Finally, and it must be said since I'm a guy, the other reason to go to StripSteak is that one of their servers, Tori, is perhaps the prettiest girl you will ever see in real life.  I'm really not joking on that one (it was the consensus amongst the 5 guys at my table, as well as the table of 8 guys sitting next to us).  Ridiculous.So, at the end of the day, 3 solid stars for StripSteak.  Can't say it's the best steakhouse (or even close to it), but it is a place to grab a good meal with a nice ambience and pretty scenery.
1	With all the steakhouse options in Vegas, do not waste your time with Stripsteak.  We were first seated in the bar at a lounge chair and a high table.  I have no idea how they expected us to eat a steak sitting at the kids table.  We were eventually able to move to a normal table and after a good 25 minutes, we got a waiter to come by and take some drink orders and we also placed our food orders.  I got a soup appetizer which was pretty good.  While waiting for the steaks, which arrived a good 35 minutes after appetizers, I started to feel sick and had to run to the restroom.  I'm not saying it was their fault, and I'm not saying it wasn't.  My wife finished her over salted steak while I was in the restroom being sick and the waiter and manager firmly told her that she had to pay the bill in full and they couldn't comp anything.  She never even asked for it, she just said I wasn't feeling well and probably wouldn't be eating my over salted undercooked steak (medium rare is a cool pink center, not raw and uncooked).  I'm not giving a bad review because I got sick or because they put a pound of salt on the steaks.  I'm giving them a bad review on how rude they were and made a big point to let everyone know that my sickness couldn't possibly be their fault.  I will definitely not be back.
2	I was underwhelmed with this place. I ordered the prime rib from the prix fix menu, and it was okay, probably a solid B. It came with some sides--a small thing of creamy spinach, okay. A small thing of mac'n cheese, tasted pretty nasty. A small dish of steamed vegetables, mostly peas, probably from a can. The potato bread was greasy as heck. Duck fat fries, also very greasy--nothing special, don't listen to the other guys. In'n out has way better fries. Someone should tell the people cooking back there, more grease does not equal better tasting food. The dessert was really good, however (kudos to the dessert chef). That, and the hostess (kudos to the hiring staff) were about the only redeeming qualities.  I used a $50 restaurant.com coupon and still it seemed way expensive. This is more of an overpriced tourist joint for people who are staying in the hotel and don't have cars. If you are stuck in Mandalay Bay, I would suggest Aureole or Lupo, both had better food. A short taxi ride away is McMullan's Irish Pub next to the Orleans which also has better food (try the "chips").
4	I love steak but I think the truffle mac & cheese stole the show. Our group ordered the Kansas City strip and skirt steak. For our sides we had creamed spinach w/ bacon & truffled mac & cheese. They offered us the duck fat fries and a foccacia. I must show love to our server Alexis. Alexis was very friendly and made our visit that much more enjoyable. The only thing I would say could be better is if they kept the plate they served the steak on hot so that the steak can stay warm. I would definitely come back here for some steak and mac & cheese.
5	This place is amazing!!!I had dinner at StripSteak last weekend and I had an incredible time.  First, we were about 15 minutes late for our reservation because of all the UFC 100 traffic.  However, the hostess seated us promptly at a lovely side table.  After taking drink orders, our server brought us a potato focaccia on the house and it was soft, fluffy and so good!  But after just a couple of bites, the server returned with a trio of duck fat fries, also compliments of the chef.  On our visit, he sent over truffle fries with a truffle sauce, bbq fries with a bbq sauce, and garlic/herb fries with a herb ketchup.  All amazing.For our entrees, we got the ribeye and the kurobuta pork.  First, the portions are enormous!  The pork came with collard greens and creamy grits.  It was all delicious.  Oh, and the ribeye!  It melted in my mouth!!!  We also had the truffle mac and cheese, corn with jalapenos, and creamed spinach.  Way too much food but it was all so tasty.Also, unlike other posters, we received nothing but friendly and attentive service.  From the hostess to the sommelier and waiter, everyone was eager to make our experience.This was one of the best dinners I've ever experienced.  Ever.  Do try it out when you have the chance.  You won't regret it!
4	StripSteak was absolutely amazing.. I am in love with the duck fat french fries.. They bring them out to the table instead of bread, I would ask the server to bring two orders of the duck fat fries instead of the foccaia. I had the lobster pea soup which was amazing. I am slightly lactose intolerant  which was definitely accommodated. Our server had no problem finding out what ingredients were used in my soup to make sure I could eat it. I loved the fact that they left whole peas in the soup with gracious portions of lobster. I also had the fillet mignon which was to die for! All of their steaks are dry aged in house and cooked over a mesquite wood burner. I'll definitely be back to stripsteak soon! Another Michael Minna success!
4	My first fancy schmancy meal in Vegas that wasn't a buffet!It's near all the other fancy restaurants in Mandalay Bay.  The entrance is very open, glass windows that extend to the roof and you can see the whole restaurant just standing out side.  Large cow carcasses hang from hooks in the fridge behind the glass by the kitchen.  I'm guessing these are the delicious ones that they'll be hacking off for my order.The host is formal; he pulls out my chair, hands me a menu, and places a napkin in my lap for me.  Thanks guy.  I order the filet mignon (a la carte, as most of the menu items come), the beau orders the Fried chicken w/mac & cheese.  Meanwhile, compliments of the chef are 3 types of fries and corresponding sauces - Truffle, BBQ, and ketchup, as well as a small pan of potato foccacia.  The truffle fries won me over.  I could have eaten plenty more of those. Had I known that they were bringin out the fries and bread, I would have skipped ordering a side of asparagus, which had this citrussy glaze over it, bleh.  I didn't want it to be sweet :P  I also prefer my asparagus unpeeled; I think it's crispier that way.Well, onto the steak; wow! That was easily the most tender, juicy and flavorful steak I've ever experienced. Yes, experienced.  It was that good.  I didn't think i could handle 10 ounces of it, but it was THAT good, tender inside, crusty with steak rub/seasoning on the outside and very lean around the edges, I tried the beau's chicken, too.  Hyum :) Was it juicy!  All in all, I was very pleased with our meal and the service.  I'd like to say I would return, but it was quite the expensive meal! Not that it wasn't worth it, but ... well, we're poor.
4	Big thanks to restaurant.com for finally convincing me to come here.  Wife and I had the filet and ribeye along w/ scalloped potatoes and the spinach souffle.  Steaks were cooked perfectly...I usually end up taking home about half my ribeye but I literally inhaled this one..so damn good.  The spinach souffle was really good...never had anything like that before.  I also liked how they serve foccacia and fries as kind of a complimentary starter as opposed to the loaf of bread/rolls most places do.  Def gonna do mac n cheese next time.
5	They were nice enough to let us use two restaurant.com gift certificates, since we were planning to split our party of 4.  I had the rib-eye, cooked medium rare.  It was the best rib-eye I've ever had!  It was a little pricey, but what quality steakhouse isn't?  I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in Vegas.  The staff was really friendly and attentive.
5	Totally lucky that I came here.  First of all, I had won a few hundred dollars at the blackjack table so I was feeling especially generous.  So after I took my girlfriend to a show, I wanted to treat her to a nice dinner.  And this was the closest steakhouse near the show.This place may be the best steak that I had ever tasted.  I ordered the ribeye which was very tender and seasoned to perfection. They did not overbutter their steaks like some other nice steakhouses.  Also, they give you fries as instead of bread.  The fries are seasoned differently with various different dipping sauces.  I dont know if they do this anymore, but they did do this when I was here last. The decor is typical of a fancy steak house, but I love the fact that they have some cuts of meat on display on windows.Drawback of course is the price, but hey, what do you expect..it is a fancy steakhouse.Great steak, great sides, great everything.
5	I don't know if I can add much more then any of the other reviews. The food was outstanding. The fries were surprising and delicious. We had the prime rib, spinach souffle and bone marrow. Our friends shared some of their onion rings with us. Everything was made perfectly. You must try the truffle aioli dipping sauce. I could drink that straight it was so good. We only had budget for one really expensive meal for our Vegas vacation and we were not disappointed that we choose StripSteak.I will add this. It was obvious that we were not in the income bracket of their normal clientele but we never once felt talked down to or made to feel uncomfortable in any way by the staff. Our group of four ordered two entrees and shared them for obvious reasons and still there was no questioning or eye raising or hesitation from the waiter or host. A great experience.
4	during my latest trip to lv, my friends and i came here for dinner one night. my first impressions upon being seated: the hosts are attractive, the decor is modern and dig the extended glass separators, and 'damn those complimentary fries look delicious'. the restaurant's open space does not make it a quiet evening, but that's not what i was looking for! i ordered the prime rib, cooked medium. i was a little concerned about the servings being small, but was pleasantly surprised upon it's arrival. the meat was cooked to perfection. although i was a little surprised with how it was charred at the bottom, as i never had prime rib like this. but it didn't stop me from finishing it. we all shared sides of the creamed corn, mac & cheese, and scalloped potatoes. all the sides were very rich, but delicious.but what makes me a fan of this place is their service, and willingness to accept a couple of my requests. one of the chefs actually came by our table and asked how everything was. also - the day after, i received an email from one of the team members, ashley, thanking us for our dining experiences. that was a nice touch...
4	What normally would have been an impressive steak experience was slighted, just a bit, by the fact that I kept comparing StripSteak with my recent visit to BLT http://www.yelp.com/biz/blt-steak-west-hollywood?q=brian+c  Most notably was how, like BLT, StripSteak provides an amuse bouche and bread serving complimentary.  I give the edge to StripSteak on the amuse bouche duck fat fries.  They were so good that we were salivating over the un-touched portion that the table next to us didn't finish.  And, although the bread was good, there something more unique about the popovers at BLT.As for entrees, three of us chose the ribeye ($51 each), which had a good flavor due to the fat content, but made me rethink choosing it over the filet ($54), luckily I got a nice sample of the filet since it's owner couldn't finish it.  Edge to BLT.Sides.  Edge to StripSteak.  We ordered three to share among the four of use.  Mac N Cheese ($12), Cream Corn ($13), and the Spinach Souffle ($12).  While we felt each was good, the Cream Corn was our least favorite with the Spinach Souffle being my most favorite.  And, we probably could have been fine with two sides since the portion of the sides were much larger in comparison to BLT. Three of us had drinks.  The service was attentive.  And, like BLT, since we declined dessert, we were provided with a complimentary treat, which was two small bags of chocolate caramel corn, which was good, but not was good as the pecan treats BLT has.  I know it's not necessarily fair to compare StripSteak with BLT, but  again I thought about the comparison during dinner.  I think StripSteak could have done a better job of designing the interior to give you the feel that you weren't inside a Casino, but rather a Michael Mina level restaurant. Total, excluding tip, for the four of us was $304.84.
5	This is a great steakhouse located in Mandalay Bay! We had late reservations, like 9:00PM and were starving and very thirsty at this point. To our surprise they brought out some complimentary duck fat fries, which were fantastic. My hubby excused himself to the rest room and by the time he returned I managed to polish off the rest of these addictive lil slices of heaven ; ) To get on with it, we both ordered a couple of glasses of wine and shared the tuna, trio of poppers for an appetizer (which was very good). I believe the hubby ordered a bone-in rib eye and I had the salmon because I had steak the previous night...yeah, yeah, I realize its a steakhouse!  My salmon was delish, but the hubbies steak was a lil too done. I told him to send it back, but he opted not too and just ate it instead. We shared the truffled mac & cheese, which was also a delight to eat! I don't remember if we got a dessert or not, but we definitely had another glass of wine. Overall, we got out of there just under $250 including tip and I think it was well spent! I loved the ambiance and the whole setup of the restaurant. Food was great, and I would definitely go back!
5	O-M-G!!  It was just like how it was in the scene from "I Love You Man" where Peter just proposed to his fiance and she is sooo excited that she calls all of her friends to spread the good news of their engagement.  Only, my similar experience occurred when I took my first bite of their complimentary seasoned fries with their special sauces did I realize that it was the beginning of a good thing.  I was impressed that they have manged to perfect french fries with garlic seasoning, bbq seasoning, and regular fries with a crispy outside and a soft center. But, it wasn't the fries that had me calling and texting all of my friends and family.  It was when I took the first bite of their special Bone-in 14 oz Filet Mignon that was the taste of perfection.  It was this moment that I realized every filet mignon that I've ever had was a lie because they never gave me the sensation of knowing that I might have just taken a bite out of the best tasting steak.... EVER!!  Our waitress, Rachel, informed us that it was rare for them to have bone-in filet mignon as their specials.  She recommended it over their American Wagyu and 30oz Porterhouse!!!  Granted that I have never paid $57 for a piece of meat a la carte, but I daresay that it was worth every penny of it!! mMmMm, it was soooo good!!  I can't even describe into words how amazing this steak was, and I am a steak-lover!!  Every new bite of this steak was a surprise because I couldn't believe how amazing it was, and it was a constant reminder of the flavorful amazing taste with each and every bite until the last piece.  I was a bit disheartened when my steak was near completion, since that meant that I didn't have anymore left... despite how full I was.  Its like reading a really good book and not wanting to reach the last pages because one knew that it would over after those pages.  You didn't want to reach the end of the book since it was soo good, one just wants to keep reading it.... just like how I wanted to keep eating.  It was THAT good!!!  Five stars all the way!!!  The BF had their prix-fix $45 clam chowder, prime ribs with three sides, and their amazing chocolate beignets!!  The chocolate beignets  (French Donuts) were amazing, but still did not compare to my steak!!   I will definitely need to start saving money just so that I can eat here every time that I am in Vegas!!  I gotta start a Steak Fund!!  Hence the reason that I was calling and texting everyone about the amazingness of this steak, I hope they can submit their donations to me soon. =wink=
3	I wanted to like this place.  I really, really did.  I wanted to give Michael Mina the benefit of the doubt.  I mean, for the price we're paying, we should be eating the best of the best.  But once again, I was disappointed by Mike.  Sad times.Don't get me wrong.  The service is beyond excellent.  We were well taken care of and our table was checked in on every ten minutes or so to make sure we were comfortable.The fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=aA_po75wwNmG17nAJRbA-w) are really, really good.  So good that it may have overshadowed the rest of the dishes.  And, they're free!The bread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=zfNxS8fv1_fwMvMb9ka8aA) came in an iron skillet of sorts, warm and fresh out of the oven.  Well seasoned and soft.Skip the lobster fritters (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=4SSJ0mnzE0v1w69Xpmwdag).  It was flavorless.  I didn't taste lobster.  I didn't taste bacon.  I just taste fried dough.  Bleh.I had the Kansas strip (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=FBhiB59p-kaGZlbKi7adQw).  It's a really intimidating piece of meat, 14 oz in all.  Good thing I took the rest to go and it was still fine the next morning.  The texture was a bit too chewy for my taste...but I would have gotten yelled at if I ordered the prime rib at a steak house.The 16 oz bone-in rib eye (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=V7XFHkvuJnnrXErP7T0JCw) was good, too.  Maybe even better than the Kansas strip.The creamed spinach (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=-kT8S3f8RYyMTk4hpmD-qg) was a good complement to our steaks.Once again, I just wish the price tag reflects the quality of the dishes.  It does not.
4	Great start to a night out in Vegas before seeing Lion King at Mandalay. I didn't know they had so many popular restaurants here! I picked Stripsteak because it's Michael Mina and I wanted kobe beef.The interior is sleek, dark, and modern. I liked the meat on display; kinna like a fancy chinatown bbq. We got seated in the bar area of the restaurant which irked me since I made reservations a 2 weeks in advance, but our server was great. Knowledgable about the menu and answered all our questions in the smallest mini dress you could find. Hey, it's Vegas.I got the Kobe beef; I can't remember the exact name but it was a mix of different parts of the cow. Amazing and tender and melt in your mouth. The birthday girl got a porterhouse and equally delicious as well.Wasn't planning on getting side dishes since the duck fat fries were filling, but we ended up getting potatoes au gratin and asparagus. The asparagus had something sweet on top that didn't jive with me. But overall they went very well with the steak.I told them it was my girlfriend's birthday and I was under the impression they would give us a free birthday dessert with 'happy birthday' written in chocolate, but you have to actually order a dessert for that to happen. Weak.I think next time I will check out Fleur De Lys or the one with the Mission:Impossible style wine cellar at Mandalay.
1	This was one of less than a handful of restaurants still open after 10pm when we wanted an after-show bite.  The ambiance seemed sophisticated and inviting, so we gave it a try.  Mind you, we were not intending a full meal so we ordered a couple of appetizers.  The first was a steamed and chilled lobster cocktail for $24.  When the waiter brought it to our table, it was a major disappointment.  On top of a huge mound of crushed ice was HALF of a lobster tail about 3.5" long and ONE claw about the same length.  What happened to the other half and claw #2?  If I was a waiter, I would be ashame to deliver such a dish!  Worse yet, the taste was very bland and slightly overcooked.  Then it was time for appetizer #2 of triangular cut lettuce about 1.5 inches long and covered with a small portion of minced crab and what-not.  This was their lettuce cup dish of crab, but if the size does not disappoint you, the lack of crab taste cerrtainly will.  The free french fries and skillet bread did not justify the $50 check (tip included)!  This was my first and LAST experience with StripSteak.  I accept the fact that prices are higher in Las Vegas, but the food lacked taste and was definitely short on quantity.At least throwing $50 into a slot machine provides entertainment!
4	Michael Mina has exploded.  Before you know it, he is going to have a restaurant in every major city in the country.  I've eating at several of his other restaurants so I had a good idea of what to expect.  However, this was the first time I've visited his steakhouses.  From a culinary aspect, I've always enjoyed his food.  However, the price you pay for his work tends to eclipse a reasonable number.  I've always left his place enjoying the food but never wanting to go back because I feel like it cost a little more than its worth.  The amount of add-ons you get exceed reasonable.  With that being said, having an expensive restaurant in Vegas is the norm and almost should be expected.  So, with that in mind, my concerns with cost went out the door and that left my taste buds to enjoy every savory bite.  At a steakhouse, its a standard that I get the bone-in rib eye.  We went to StripSteak on a Thursday night and they sat us close to 11pm, which was great (we arrived at 9:45pm).  I ordered the American Kobe Tartare and it was delicious.  Very flavorful, not to overwhelming and the steak just melted in your mouth.  An excellent appetizer that was prepared table side.  The steak I ordered was medium-rare and it was spot on.  The thickness of the cut is slightly smaller than say a rib eye cut at Delmonico's.  So the edges of the cut were closer to medium than the center which was closer to medium-rare.  The tenderness of the steak was excellent.  An excellent steak that was grilled perfectly.  A steakhouse should be able to make great steak.  That is the norm.  To make great appetizers at a steakhouse, that isn't necessarily a given.  I think one of the best steakhouses for appetizers and "other" parts of the meal I've experienced was at David Burke's Primehouse in Chicago.  At that steakhouse, it is more than just the steak.  StripSteak is pretty close but still a distant second to David Burke's.  The thing that separates this steakhouse and makes it a four-star on yelp is the scotch selection.  The selection of scotch is extensive and is well worth the visit for any aficionado.  On this night, I visited with a friend that knew scotch more than me and he was surprised at the selection.  Lastly, this is one of the few steakhouses on the strip that actually serves true Japanese A5 wagyu.  They have two choices, filet and ribeye.  Both Bradley Ogden's in Caesar's Palace and SW steakhouse in the Wynn have a version of the filet and CUT in the Palazzo actually has two choices as well (filet and ribeye).  So this is one of the few amongst many traditional steakhouses.  It does provide more options.Cons: The wine selection by the glass was okay at the time of this review (9/13/09-ish).  I was really hoping that they had some really good bold cabs by the glass but everything that I wanted was by the bottle and the bottle selection, although expansive, was expensive.  As usual, the markup on some of these bottles are way too much.  I've only been here once so far but I look forward to eating here again.  Nice work Michael, now maybe you can fix your original namesake in Union Square---but I digress.
5	Sorry this review won't be too useful because I went there a few years back, but I have to put this one review in, just because how good this place is.  We ordered all steak, including two orders of the Kobe Beef (so they called it).  I don't know what they did to the Kobe beef, or maybe IT IS the REAL KOBE beef, because they really had that melt in your mouth beef texture, VERY GOOD! YUM!  StripSteak also have great fries, everyone on my table liked but I don't really remember how it taste like, it's just special, one of the specialty you have to have at this restaurant.  This place is definitely more expensive than most of the steak restaurants in LV, they even tell you it's about $110 per person averagely, but if you are looking to eat at a nice steak restaurant with great steak in Las Vegas regardless of the price, this place is the place to go!  Oh one more thing, don't get the Kobe beef hot pot thingy, it's not worth it, it's good, but not worth it.
5	A great steak! Nice ambiance and decor. I came hear to eat at one of my favorites "3950" but when MGM bought Mandalay they replaced it with Stripsteak but while apprehensive i finally tried it. Awesome! I miss 3950 but I really liked this place. The menu was full of things Ill go back for some day but the Kobe fillet and duck fries were pretty right on. Had the mac n' cheese and some sort of bourbon pudding thing for dessert. It was all without complaint. The wait staff was very attractive and very polite. Went back to eat there about a year ago and couldn't get a last minute reservation so tried the striphouse.....
5	Dinner was a fantastic experience. We were seated early. The duck fat fries were awesome! My wife had the Alaskan halibut and I had the filet. We split the mashed potato trio and asparagus. Great experience and hands down excellent service.
5	To die for!! My husband and I tried Strip Steak on a whim and fell in love instantly. I started off with the cucumber martini and was totally impressed with how much I enjoyed this funky cocktail.Then we moved on to the grilled cheese and tomato soup app, and fell in love. And don't get me started on the prime rib. Words cannot describe the taste of this dish. The only bummer was, that we didn't discover this place the first night!
5	I never leave vegas without eating at this place.  I have to say this is one of my fav steak places.  The steak may be pricey but it is well worth it PLUS they give you complimentary seasoned fries with special sauces...UBER DELISH =Dfav thing on menu:  8OZ AMERICAN KOBE RIB CAP
4	So me and the bf checked this out on our recent Vegas trip.  Food was excellent!  The complimentary French fry trio was amazing, each type of French Fry comes with it's own sauce.  The bf had a steak and I had the Salmon.  I don't eat meat but his steak looked pretty good, he certainly seemed to be enjoying it.  My salmon was excellent and the roasted lemon that came with it was perfect to squeeze on the fish.  StripSteak has several side dishes to choose from and we ordered the Mac and Cheese based on our waiters recommendation.  The waiter said this was enough for 2 people, I'd have to say it was enough for at least 4 since we had the fries and entrees.  Dinner was amazing and unfortunatly we skipped dessert.  However we managed to roll back to our room a few places down and recover from our Food Comas.Also this place is currently has gift certificates on Restaurant.com.  I got a $50 gc a while back when they were doing a 80% off promo and had no problem using this for our meal.
5	Stripsteak, a steakhouse brought forth by the all-powerful Michael Mina, is rightfully located in the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino as the perfect Sin City restaurant. Why do you ask? Stripsteak is a vegetarian and Kosher eater's hell, but to a carnivorous foodie, it is simply the Garden of Eden. It's a place where giant haunches of beef are hung up to age in a wall-to-floor ceiling glass case, not unlike a display at a natural history museum chronicling the stages of decomposition, or rather, the stages to one delicious steak. And the food, oh, the food. As I write this, my mind is wandering back to the memories from that deeply satisfying meal. First, I had the trio of duck fat fries--each fry was a dream, with a shatteringly crunchy, smoky shell and a fluffy interior. My friends and I fought over the truffled fries and light garlic aioli especially, but the BBQ dusted fries and the original were stellar as well.And if that wasn't enough, we also ordered their spinach souffle, as an attempt in incorporating some vegetables in our meal. The state-of-the-art souffle was placed on the table by the server with great care as to not deflate the impossibly high, cloud-like confection. Then, he took it to a even higher level by pouring a luxurious Parmesan cream sauce from a dainty saucer. Just as the Fairy Godmother transformed Cinderella into the belle of the ball, Mina transformed the dowdy spinach into a classic French beauty.But even the beauteous spinach souffle couldn't hold a candle next to the Rib-eye, for that steak has been through rigorous training. First, it begins its epic journey in the aging room, where's it's kept in a moisture and temperature controlled room to slowly mature for a month. The chef then trims the the sides of beef with an expertise not unlike a plastic surgeon to remove all unsightly dried bits and excess fat before portioning it into perfectly formed steaks. The next step is crucial: the steak is then poached in butter. A big no-no in the Kosher community as they forbid the fraternizing of meat and diary, but in my world, a big OH YES. For the finishing touch, the Rib-eye is then charred in their 1,000 degree grill for that deep smoky sear. The best part was that the steak came to our table au naturale. With steak this juicy and well-seasoned, there's no need for A-1.It's impossible to fall into a deep food coma coming out from a meal there, but it's oh so worth it. A definite must-eat destination for my next Vegas trip!
5	Took my wife there for dinner and ordered the prix fixe menu. The food was Excellent! price is on the higher side but its to be expected since it's a fine dinning joint. Small portions but cooked to perfection. I was able to save up on my dinning using a restuarant.com gift certificate
5	This place was awesome best steak ever. I had the Kansas strip and il was soo good. Also try the Kobe cap worth every penny just about 74,000 pennys lol. Great place to eat.
5	Awesome!  Loved the fries cooked in duck fat!  :-)
5	I'm not going to waste a ton of time going into a verbose explanation of why this place was amazing.  Here are the only bullet points you need to know:- Complimentary fries (cooked in duck fat) with truffled dipping sauce of the gods- Dry aged, Wagyu and Kobe beef available- Truffled mac & cheese (legendary)- All steaks are cooked by first poaching in butterAbsolutely phenomenal.
4	Overall, a good dining experience.I probably would have given this place a 5 if the sides were tastier...As for the meat, it was excellent.  My friends ordered a bone-in rib eye and a bone-in filet which they thoroughly enjoyed.  Since I'm not much of a steak girl, I ordered the short rib which was delicious!  It was super tender and seasoned perfectly.The duck fat fries (complimentary) at the beginning of the meal were excellent, but the potato focaccia bread was just okay.  The creamed corn was delicious.  The potato puree trio sounded better than it actually tasted.  I thought the onion rings were just okay as well.The service was also excellent.  Grade:  A-
4	When my friend booked this place over the some of the more well known steak places in Las Vegas I was disappointed but it was his birthday so I couldn't object.   After dining at this place, I would definitely go back for the  steak and their sides.   All of our steaks (party of six) were cooked just as we requested.   The steaks were seasoned perfectly and cut of meat were top quality.  The trio of fries were excellent.   Their sides were as advertised.  Mac and cheese was very decadent  (tastes even better as it cools off and thinkens) and their mash trio was just as delicious.  I would have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the poor service and awful salads.  I will definitely be back for their food minus the salad.
2	A friend of mine that I consider a food and wine expert recommended this place to me.  Also, it's a Michael Mina restaurant and I have been to his place in San Francisco and it was excellent. The ambiance is modern and open, but doesn't seem that classy to me.  The service was average.  The Caesar salads my date and I had were flavorless.  My steak was very fatty and expensive too.  The meat that I could eat from it was good.  The creme de brulee dessert was very good.  Overall, I would never go back especially for the price.  The fries they put on the side for free on the table are tasty and the bread is different.  It comes in a skillet and is good.  The aparagus and bake potato sides were like most steak restaurants, expensive and huge, but good.
4	I have not been to many steak houses in Vegas. After reviewing this steak house on YELP, I decided to give it a go. We had a large party of 16 people for my 30th birthday. I called ahead about a week. No problem! They couldn't get us at one large table, but we were seated next to each other along the back wall across from the freezers. I was told this at the time of the reservation. The service was excellent. My sister and Parents got a cheap bottle of wine(95 bucks). Appetizer of lobster in tempura with some kind of cream sauce was awesome! It comes on a stick (fried) then you dip it in the sauce, pull it off the stick and wrap it in a leaf of lettuce. mmmmmmmmmm. We also got the Kobe tart tare. Its different, my pops freaking loved it. The main course!! I got the American Kobe (65 bucks) it was grub, super soft 8oz. Mom and brother in-law went for the rib eye. Get it off the prefix menu, Its 55 bucks for anything off the list. If you order the rib eye you pay 10 bucks more and get the same cut you would order of the a la cart! Excellent value!! My wife got a special cut, I don't know if they always have it, it wasn't on the menu.....it should be!! Bone in fillet Mignon!!! IT WAS BETTER THAN MY KOBE i think it was 58 bucks 14 oz with bone. My pops order the standard fillet mignon. Not as tender as the bone in, but excellent. The rest of the group ordered off the prefix, no one complained about the steaks being over cooked. SIDES, you only need one side for every 3 people!!! I personally tried a bunch of them and you cant go wrong with any!! Mac and Cheese is the best hands down. The rest are great, spinach, potatoes with caramelized onions were bad ass, peas were freaking unbelievable, they tasted like they were picked an hour ago!! Onion rings, well they were onion rings. Deserts were great!! everyone got the doughnuts that come with the prefix. I went for the 12 dollar cheese cake. It tasted like it was twelve bucks!! Caramelized black berries. Enough said! I wobbled back to the casino. At the end of the night the bill for my family of 6 was about $700 bucks. I am definitely going back there next time I am in Vegas.
4	Dinner was unbelievable. The restuarant itself is not set up how I would personally like- it seems sparse and tables/settings were plain to the point of feeling cold. All these thoughts melted away, however, when the complimentary duck fat fries arrives. Three uniquely seasoned fries with accompanying sauces. They were perfectly crisp and delicious. I ordered al a carte and has the Foie Gras sliders to start. Great little sliders with a generous amount of sweetness from peach preserves and the foie was perfectly cooked. For my main I had the American wagyu ribeye cap. This steak was fatty and delightful in only the way waguy can be. It blew my mind and while I think of myself as an accomplished steak eater, this 8oz portion was nearly too much. Its richness and lush flavor was enhanced by the way stripsteak cooked it. For a side, we shared their mashed potatoes- three ways. They were extremely rich, but oh so good! My better half enjoyed the 3-course predetermined menu. He had no complaints other than his truffled mac and cheese was much too truffle-y, which I agreed. Stripsteak is pretty typical Las Vegas steakhouse. No real surprises, but they provide consistent high caliber steaks night after night. The prices are high and there's no way to get around that. If you dine there, I recommend splurging on American kobe. Its not much more expensive than their prime and the steak you will receive will be an experience all in of itself.
5	This is a fantastic, modern steak-house. I ate here for dinner recently during a visit to Vegas for a friends Birthday. The service here is outstanding---everyone is friendly, helpful, and on the ball. They even gave my friend (the birthday boy) a Birthday note. Additionally, the manager sent me a follow up email the next day to thank my party for the visit! On to the meal: we were given two free appetizers---french fries cooked in duck fat, with various dipping sauces, and warm bread with rosemary. Both delicious! I ordered off the pre-fix menu (appetizer, entree and desert for $55) and had the crab soup, rib-eye steak, and creme broule---all delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. The Bday boy had the Kobe burger and also said it was fantastic. My boyfriend had the filet mignon, which he said was great. One of the best parts of the meal was the mac n' cheese the Bday boy ordered as a side dish. I highly recommend ordering this treat---it will be hard to return to that old staple, Kraft, after you have eaten this!! Overall: GREAT STEAK, friendly service, beautiful atmosphere!Tip: I had a restaurant.com $50 gift certificate that we used towards our meal. Restaurant.com often has sales, and gift certs are generally 60-80% off. Thus, I got my $50 gift cert. for $4! Good deal! It really helped lower the cost of the bill, as it is quite an expensive place.
3	I really wanted to like this place.My boyfriend and I came here recently on a trip to vegas, and I wanted to dine out at a nice place. This was in our hotel, and, given that we had a $100 resort credit, and I found a restaurant.com $50 voucher, I figured this would be an awesome deal. Great food at a good price.The service was impeccable. We were seated quickly and our waiter was super attentive. The complimentary trio of duck fat fries was diviiiine, especially the truffle oil fries. We were also given some focaccia bread as well, but we didn't touch it, unfortunately. My boyfriend got their famous Kansas City Strip (voted #1 steak by Esquire magazine) with scalloped potatoes, and I ordered the American Kobe Rib Eye with seared foie gras. My Kobe Rib Eye was cooked just the way I like it on the inside (a delicate red medium rare), but a little too charred on the outside. The foie gras was the same, too charred on the outside, but melt in your mouth amazing otherwise. My boyfriend wasn't so lucky; his Kansas City Strip was overcooked. We were tempted to send it back, but we typically try not to do that too much. We were both very disappointed, as this was their famous dish after all. The scalloped potatoes were well cooked, but too much on the creamy side for our liking. All in all, it was a so-so food experience.I would say 4.5 stars for service.2 stars for food.an overall 3 stars, because we didn't have to pay the full $200 for something that was worth $50This is a definite non-repeat.
4	People have always told me the food in Vegas was awesome. I dated a girl who lived in Vegas for a while and never experienced anything like I did when I went to StripSteak, at the Mandalay Bay. Quality cuts of meat, waitstaff who knew what they were talking about, and as it's been mentioned: DUCK FAT FRIES!!! These delicious fries came prepared (i.e. seasoned) three different ways with three different sauces. I'm drooling just thinking about those sweet, sweet fries... ((Mmmmghghgh))My friend and I shared a Porterhouse with some King Crab... It was nearly a religious experience. The steak was so tender, I could've sworn it simply fell apart in my mouth. I've never had such an amazing steak. Don't get me wrong, it hasn't ruined me for other places, like Ruth's Chris or Boa, but it certainly set a very high standard. It needed absolutely no further seasoning and was cooked perfectly. The King Crab, well, it was good, but then again King Crab is fairly consistent from place to place. Pricey? Yeah, but well worth the throwdown. I'm glad my friend dragged me here, because she really made an excellent pick - as I ate, there was nowhere else on Earth I'd have rather been.
2	By far, not the best steak I've ever had, nor the best service.The place was dead, yet the waiter seemed busy and distracted. We waited about ten minutes before being bought menus, then we had to prod him about the prix fixe menu.  I had the cucumber martini, husband selected the rock n rye.  He said his drink was pretty good, but mine had a weird sweetish taste to it. Wine list was brought back out before dinner, but the waiter couldn't seem to get the wine out before the entrees.    We ordered the prix fixe rib eye, and filet, medium rare.  The waiter gushed over the amuse-bouche fries, "special this evening," which I knew wasn't, because of Yelp.  My filet arrived overdone. While my husband's ribeye was nice and juicy, mine was gray and dry.  I had to call the waiter over twice, he talked me out of it once, then after a second bite, I had to convince the waiter to take it back. Then I was brought a second steak - cooked properly, but fatty.  *Sigh* I accepted it. I would've rather had that first one, not overdone.  Despite the method of "butter poaching" the steak to make it "juicy," my filet was on the dry side.We had a choice of bibb lettuce salad or crab chowder (go for the salad), sides were a sampling of truffle mac-n-cheese, creamed spinach with bacon (came out cold), and sauteed brussel sprouts (the best), and beniets with chocolate, butterscotch (yum), or creme brulee (okay).For the price, I guess it's not bad for Vegas, but it isn't a steakhouse I'd visit again.
2	We had a $50 coupon for this place, and with tax and tip it STILL was $130.00.Appetizers (soup and salad) were okay.  The 4 different french fries "compliments of the chef" were a nice touch.  The pork cutlet was HUGE and unremarkable.  Mostly, like most of Las Vegas, it was just okay and overpriced.  It even falls down by that usual standard, though, because the ambiance is poor, and service was glacial.
4	My friends and I decided to try a new restaurant every time we go to Vegas.  We stayed at Mandalay Bay and noticed the prix fix menu for 55$.  I ordered the chowder, Filet +15$ with 3 sides and the Beignet with Creme Brulee.  Wow it was a great deal and it was delicious until I tried my friend Kobe steak.  It kinda ruined my Filet since wasn't as good as the Kobe.   They served Duck Fat Fries that was heaven!!!  I would definitely go back for the yummy fries and some drinks.
5	Will wrote more when ready............
5	I went with my boss and my VP and so automatically I was trying to be on best behavior. I only ordered 1 drink, the usual Jack and Coke which was made well and delivered quickly. All composure was lost however when the food came. The truffle french fries they give you and the beef tartar is excellent. I am actually considering driving there as I type this. We only stayed for a few appetizers but I really wanted to ditch them and just keep eating. I will be back asap.
5	mMmM i heart this place! We started off with oysters and foie gras slider...Complimentary fries and some sort of baked rosemary bread shortly arrived after! My bf warned me about not to eatting too much of their appetizer because he knew i'll get full off of it, but i couldnt help it, it was sooo good.... Oh my glass of dom was newly opened, so that's a plusAs for entree, We shared the ribeyeI would definitely come back the next time i'm in vegas!
5	Yeah.This is like last meal type of good.Duck fat fries were delicious.Rosemary bread was tasty but greatly overshadowed.I got the American Kobe filet  with a foie gras bordelaise sauce along with a lobster tail, and the truffled macaroni and cheese.OMG!   Everything was the best ever.My man decided to splurge.  He got the A5 Japanese hand massaged Waygu beef filet.HOLY CRAP!This didn't even taste like regular steak.  It tasted like this magical whole other thing that comes from a place only inhabitated by unicorns and rainbows!Alongside my man's fancy steak, he got roasted marrow bones and the mashed potato trio.My man scooped all the marrow out of the bones and put them on his fancy piece of meat.For dessert, we got the beignets with creme brulee and chocolate pot du creme dipping sauces.  These were good, but drastically overshadowed by the entrees.Upon leaving, we were given a bag of carmel-chocolate popcorn.So yes, next time I want to live it up and drop $400 on one dinner, I'm coming back to this place!
5	I've been here twice & all I can say is the Kobe Ribcap is UNBELIEVABLY delicious.  I've searched high & low, online, butchers across the country...nobody sells this cut of the Kobe except for a Japanese restaurant in Socal.  Michael Mina is a culinary genious!!  Oh yeah..the duck fat fries were tasty too!!!
2	My husband and I went to StripSteak during a a recent visit to Las Vegas.Being a fan of Michael Mina, I was very surprised by this experience.  It felt like a TGIFriday!  The waitstaff appeared to have been on roller skates, given the amount of time they spent with us.  They appeared to always be looking around to see what else was happening while trying to take our order.  And when we asked for the sommelier to make a wine selection, he was there and gone before I looked up from the wine list....  Will not go back.
4	Saturday January 9, 2010:This review is pretty much only for the Prix Fixe Menu. Which for the cost of $55 per person is amazing. The ambiance of the restaurant is ultra chic and modern. The place is absolutely packed, even at 9:30 at night. I was pretty surprised at how many people were in the restaurant. But then I realized something, CES is in town, so I would have to say that most of the people in the restaurant were wining and dining buyers and having their companies pick up the tab. lol.First Course: Blue Crab Clam Chower (for both of us)Second Course: Organic Chicken and Truffled Mac & Cheese (for my gf)Second Course: Prime Rib with Truffled Mac & Cheese, Saute Greens & Mixed Greens.Dessert Course: Beignets with dipping sauces
5	The Truffle Macaroni & Cheese and Potatoes Au Gratin are nothing short of amazing. If I were on death row and had to choose a last meal, it would be from here.
4	Been a couple of times.  In a city with too many steakhouses, this is one of the better ones.  Love the trio of fries.  The sides really set this place apart from other steakhouses.  You can't go wrong with the goat cheese scalloped potatoes & mac & cheese sides.
3	Atmosphere is loud, but nice. We chose the filet and bone-in rib eye. We also ordered prawns and a Caesar to start, and potato cakes and onion medley as sides.An onion focaccia was brought to our table along with our drinks. It was delicious. We devoured it while waiting for our appetizers. The prawns were excellent, and the salad was decent. Next, we received complimentary duck fat fries; three kinds were served each with their own dipping sauce: herb fries paired with ketchup, truffle fries served with truffle aioli, and BBQ sauce accompanied the paprika fries. We didn't care for the sauces, but the fries were tasty. Additional bread was delivered, but we maintained restraint as we didn't want to spoil our appetite before our entrees arrived.The steaks were prepared to order. A tad dry, but great nonetheless. The potato cakes were excellent and the onion medley was quite good, as well. Who knew there were so many varieties of onions? We were much too full to try dessert, so we passed, but they sent us home with a bag of fiddle-faddle. All in all, it was a great dinner. The meal was $177 before tip.
5	We ended up at dinner at StripSteak on Saturday night because of the Yelp reviews (thanks for not steering us wrong!), prix fixe menu options, and because StripSteak accepts restaurant.com gift certificates (we got a $50 gc for $6). When I made the reservation, I mentioned we would be celebrating a friend's birthday - while this didn't result in a free dessert, there was a card on the table when we sat down reading "Happy birthday" (handwritten).Here is what we had:*Duck fat fries with trio of dipping sauces (complimentary) - seriously we could have stopped here because they were really really freaking delicious. All four of us loved the truffle aioli dipping sauce the best.*Rosemary bread (complimentary) - soft and very good, but perhaps a little unncessary because of the fries*Maryland blue crab chowder - course 1 of the prix fixe for 2 of the 4*Bibb Wedge salad - my prix fixe first course. It was the perfect size and had a good blue cheese flavor without entirely overpowering the whole dish.*Ribeye - course 2 of the prix fixe for two of the four of my group*Organic half chicken - my entree. The chicken was cooked to perfection, the truffle mac and cheese the chicken sat on was the perfect side, and the onion au jus gave the entire dish a good flavor.*Potato puree trio - order this for the lobster mash alone. You will thank me.*Beignets - 2 of us got the chocolate pot de creme and one got the creme brulee. The beignets were a good, light dessert to end an indulgent meal.Service was outstanding. Our waitress was phenomenal - super friendly, helpful, and the right amount of attentive. Prices are what you would expect to pay at a good, upscale, fine dining restaurant. Our bill after using the $50 gc came to $313. It was worth every single penny.  I highly recommend checking out StripSteak when in Vegas.
4	Had a blast at StripSteak.  Heard about it by chance, but ended up going there.  Very modern look for those who care about the atmosphere.  It get's busy pretty quickly too, so if you're thinking about going and there's an opening - take it. First off, their appetizer  fries are amazing.  But if you want to up the ante - get the foccacia bread.  It's insanely good.  We had a party of 5 (ha ha) and shared most of what we got.  Scallops weren't as good as I had hoped for, but everything else was amazing.  Also recommend the Mac & Cheese for anyone who's a fan.  Drinks were nice and stiff too.  They take care of you there.
5	My bf made reservations for us here during my long stay in Vegas for work during CES this year. We ordered off the Prix Fixe menu. I ordered the blue crab clam chowder as the 1st course (so did he) and all I can say is Mmmm mmmm hot damn GOOD! My 2nd course was the organic chicken with truffled mac & cheese...holy shit was that BOMB!!! And for dessert...amazing, delectable beignets with creme brulee. OMFG! I almost died and went to heaven when I took a bite into one of those...wowzers! I also forgot to mention before our 1st course came out we got complimentary fries with amazing dipping sauces from the chef...soooo YUM! When I'm back in Vegas, I most definitely want to grub here again :D
3	The  bone in ribeye is good but not as big as other steakhouses. I had the trio of fries and the truffle sauce was very good. The wine selection was awesome. The free range chicken was ok. The lounge menu is way better than the dinner menu. The service was just ok, not great. Nice place but I would not place it on my top five steak houses. PSquite expensive and you do not get value for your money.
4	I really enjoyed this place a lot.  Excellent quality food, remarkable service and while the prices were definitely Vegas-style (read: higher than usual) I still feel like I got my money's worth.Atmosphere is nice, up-scale, and very open.  You get a nice little view of the kitchen without it being a spectacle.  As I said the service was excellent.  The sommelier was friendly and helpful, and just added to the experience.  Our waiter was attentive, friendly, sociable and just helped make the meal that much better.They start things off with some french fries that are cooked in duck fat.  They were light, crispy and very tasty.  You get three varieties which I believe were garlic herb, truffle and chipotle each paired with dipping sauces.  It's nice to see a restaurant take something simple and class it up a bit.For an appetizer I had the bacon-wrapped lobster fritters.  I already knew that bacon makes everything taste better but I didn't know it could make lobster taste that much better.My date had the spinach souffle with parmesan cream which she absolutely loved.  I had the bone-in rib-eye which was absolutely excellent.  The steaks here a first poached in butter and then cooked over a wood-burning grill.  I hadn't had steak prepared in this manner before but it was excellent, one of the more memorable steaks I've ever had.Big thumbs up for this place.
5	If you're like my husband and I, you LOVE comfort food. Creamy goat cheese and caramelized onion scalloped potatoes? Duck fat fries with truffle cream? Creamed spinach infused with bacon? If you're salivating already, Stripsteak is the place for you.We made reservations for a Friday through the concierge at the Mandalay Bay (the StripSteak website said they were booked) but we were able to get an 8:30pm table for two the day of. The restaurant is located on "restaurant row" of the Mandalay in-between the casino and convention center. We arrived right on time for our reservation were seated right by the window. I recommend doing the same because it's perfect for people watching since everyone LOVES to stop and fondle the giant marble breasts across the way. (Ridiculously funny.)To start things off, I ordered a Patron Margarita and Russ ordered a man-tini. We went to work pouring over the menu. We quickly discovered it was perfect for anyone who loves modern american comfort food.  As soon as we sat down our (extremely nice and helpful) waiter brought us out a complimentary order of Duck Fat fries - which we were happy to munch on while we made our decision.Spend your money wisely and invest in the $60 Kobe Rib Cab which was the best cut of steak I've had in a VERY long time.  It's 8ozs of deliciousness. I got mine medium and am happy to report it was juicy, full-flavored, and melt-in-your-mouth good. Russ's Porterhouse was also extremely tasty, but if you're willing to pay more for the quality - go for the Kobe beef selection. It was unreal and worth every $5 bite.For dessert, we ordered the Milk Chocolate mousse which was the perfect way to end our meal. It was sweet and smooth, but not too heavy  -- we left feeling happy and full.  I asked the bartender to prepare me a special desert cocktail that would go with our desert and he made a delicious chocolate raspberry martini that I rocked till the last drop.To those of you reading this on your Yelp app deciding what to do for dinner tonight or later this week on the Strip, look no further.I *Highly* recommend this one especially if you love warm, delicious comfort food that actually tastes amazing.
5	Fries fried in duck fat. Truffle dipping sauce. Seared foie gras. Steak cooked to perfection. Truffle mac and cheese. Butterscotch made with Macallan!!!oh.my.god. StripSteak is so good. Orgasmically good.The restaurant atmosphere is upscale and chic. Prices are high, but it's Vegas, what do you expect? The food and the experience are well worth the price. If you stay at Mandalay Bay, make sure that your room reservation comes with a resort credit. Then you can spend it all on a fabulous dinner at StripSteak. You will be so happy that you did.
1	A huge disappointment in almost every way.The room is laid out like a cafeteria: cold...hard...tinny acoustics....wooden tables.The bone-in rib-eye I had was expensive and had the consistency of an Arby's sirloin (never been there but I can't imagine it's good).The wines by the glass are way overpriced.The complimentary duck fries come out so early that they're cold by the time the steaks arrive.The only memorable thing is the pan-baked bread.This is possibly the worst steak place I've been to in Las Vegas. That tacky joint at Circus Circus is better.I'm going to have go have a rib-eye at Envy just to make me forget this experience!
3	I have mixed feelings about this place.  For a place called Stripsteak, is it supposed to shine for the dishes that were non-Steak?  I went shamalamadingdong over the duck fat fries and truffled mac and cheese, but how can our steaks that we made at home the following night shine over the Stripsteak steaks?!  Huh?  Allow me to illustrate....1.  Trio of Duck Fat Fries - These were mutha beepin' good!  Loved the bbq flavor fries.  Loved the garlic flavor fries, and most of all, I mutho beepin' loved the truffle fries.  These blows Envy Steakhouse's out of the water (not that ENVY had a chance with their truffle fries anyway).  Let me just call these my Crack Fries.2.  Sashimi (albacore, bigeye, blue fin toro) - The worst decision ever.  We were greedy and thought that "Hey, we're at an expensive restaurant.  It has to be good right?"  Boy, were we wrong!  The albacore was icy?  WTF?  The tuna was fishy.  AND.  AND!  The toro was so fibrousy.2.  Bibb Wedge (Salad) - Standard blue cheese, iceberg and bacon.  Yum.3.  American Kobe Ribeye - Good but not juicy.  (Del Frisco's and N9NE still win)4.  Slow Poached Prime Rib - Not juicy, not super tender.  *tear5.  Truffled Macaroni and Cheese!  - Another mutha beepin' good one.  Trufffleeee.... *pump fist.Conclusion:  I beepin' loved the fries and mac n cheese.  I will dream of them.  However, the steaks, I will not have, again.  I say save yourself the disappointment, don't go to stripsteak and make it yourself.  I gave them only 3 stars because of the disappointing steaks.
2	Ummm ... no ... not worth the money. American Kobe is not Kobe! Not even close! Obviously, I'm making a huge $ difference comparison here, but I was just extremely disappointed! I can make a better steak myself. I've had a better steak at Cattlemens' . I've probably had a better steak at Applebee's! Maybe not. Anyways, I ordered the American Kobe ribeye. I wish the waitress told me that it didn't include the rib cut. That was so, so disappointing! I couldn't believe it! $64 for a rough piece of meat. Cooked medium rare, but still damn tough. On the brighter side, the fries were good. The spinach was good. The maitake mushrooms were really good. I wouldn't spend the money there again. At least not for the American Kobe steak.
5	Michael Mina is one of my favorite chefs.  His food quality, presentation and service standards are awesome.  Try the American Kobe Rib-eye.  I also love the Duck Fat Fries (which are served to everyone as in an Amuse Bouche), the Truffle Mac and Cheese.  And the desserts are soooo good.  Try the Beignets with Creme Brulee.
4	This was an amazingly great dining experience at Stripsteak. The $55 prix fixe menu is definitely worth trying. Complimentary:Trio of Duck fat fries (I'm not particularly excited for fries but I have got to say the 3 different flavors were something I've never tried before)Appetizer:Maryland Blue Crab Chowder: Chowda!! - ample servings of crabEntree:Slow-Poached Prime Rib of Beef: ordered medium rare but came out a bit more cooked than I liked. It was not as juicy as what I expected prime rib to be but nonetheless still very tasty. Bone-in Rib eye: huge huge 18 oz slab of meat (an added $10 under the prix fixe menu)Sides: All sides were so hearty, this included: Bacon-creamed spinach and mac & cheese (great but I normally don't indulge in such types of food)Desert:Michael's Root Beer Float: yummy! The chocolate chip cookies served on the side were way too sweet. It was Valentine's Day so the restaurant also provided all diners complimentary caramel popcorn in a cute small bag to go along with some love tonic as the waitress explained (don't ask me, I have no idea what it is).
5	This place is just as awesome as everyone reviews! ! It's classy, great good, AND great priced even in vegas! My friend and i did the $55 per head prix fix menu - and everything was amazing!We started off with a martini each - i got the pomegranate and my friend got the cucumber martini. Both were great choices.Complimentary Appetizers: Trio of duck fat fries - the truffle scented is my fav! each come with a matched sauce that were soooo good.  PLUS this amazing buttery foccaia like bread served on a hot skillet! I was getting full just from the comp appetizers1st Course: Maryland Blue Crab Chowder | Bacon Lardon, Parsnip. AMAZING! one of the best chowders i've ever had, huge pieces of crab soaking in chowder goodness!Main Course: we each got diff ones so we can try each others - Half Organic Chicken | Truffled Mac & Cheese, Caramelized Onion Jus and Slow-Poached Prime Rib of Beef | plus Seasonal Side Dishes including Bacon-creamed spinach and mac & cheese. Everything was cooked perfectly and huge portionsDessert: Michael's Root Beer Float | Sassafras Ice Cream with Cookies.. we were both soo stuffed that we barely could finish all the food.And to top it off -- they take restaurant.com gc! we ordered a $50 gc for $10!  Definitely stop by this place next time you're in vegas!
5	Excellent food, service and fun atmosphere.  The complimentary trio of duck fat fries are amazing - that could have been my entire meal.  They came out hot and crispy and were accompanied by three tasty sauces.  We ordered the fried whole chicken (must be for two) - yes, chicken at a steak house...it was very tender and not oily at all.  (Cholesterol levels prevent me from ordering red meat very often)Chocolatini was good - just the right amount of creme.  Coffee came out hot and replenished often.
5	You know it was a good meal when over a month later you can still recall it in detail.The Decor was very modern, I especially liked the large cup style chairs we sat in, very comfortable.They had an extensive winelist but I just felt like drinking beer so I had a few Newcastles.  They start your experience by bringing out their duck fat fries with their special dipping sauces.  The duck fat fries alone are enough reason to come here.I ordered off the prix fixe menu, and got the maryland crab chowder with a 16 oz rib eye with truffle mac n cheese and bacon creamed spinach.the soup was good, very fresh seafood,the Rib eye was amazing and I was so happy to not pay $50+ for a non-petite portion. the truffle mac n cheese was really good, I just wish it had a larger portion, and so was the spinach.the big hit was the mashed potato trio that my friend ordered, Horseradish mash, garlic mash and lobster mash, the big hit was definitely the lobster mash, the bowl was being scraped.for dessert we had beignets that were deliciously flaky and served with various dips,  I had creme brulee, but I believe there were some chocolate variations as well.All in all an amazing meal, I hope to make it back sometime.
4	This place gets 5 stars for impeccable service.  It lost a star for the wagyu rib cap steak.  I've had wagyu multiple times before and I'm still trying to figure out how they won best steak in Esquire.  It was over seasoned and chewy - someone else had the Kansas steak and that was executed much better.The duck fat french fries were divine, as was the mac and cheese with truffle.  However, it does get overwhelming.  I LOVE truffles, but even I had to call it quits at this restaurant.The noise level is extremely high, I am sure it is just the way Mandalay Bay is constructed.  Not a place for an intimate dinner.However, let me wax lyric about the service.  Seamless, attentive and understated.  All the wait staff helped each other and my water glass was never once less than 1/2 full.  You do not notice the wait staff.  They are there immediately when you need something but totally unobtrusive.  Excellent!
5	My wife and I just had dinner here for my Birthday and I just gotta say:  Oh my GAWD!!!   This place absolutely rocks!We both shared the Foie Gras Sliders as an appetizer.   Now think about that for a second... What psychotic and degenerate soul would think of making sliders with Foie Gras?   Well, apparently Michael Mina would, and they totally rock!   We then proceeded to share a Kobe beef Rib Eye and some scallops.   For sides, we got the Mac & Cheese, the spinach souffle, and the trio of mashed potatoes.Let's just say that I was fondling the Mac & Cheese, drooling, while looking at my wife in very suggestive ways.   She got embarassed and I just got off...  No, really.  The Mac & Cheese totally rocks.   The richness of the cheese is cut with the acidity of the truffle oil, and the result is a masterpiece.  Bravo!The kobe steak was pretty good, though not great.   The scallops, though, were absolutely tender and beautifully prepared.    The mashed potatoes, too, were beautifully prepared.    The spinach souffle, while nicely presented, didn't leave a lasting memory.   Still, it tasted good enough that it deserves a honorable mention.The sommelier was also absolutely stunning.   We ordered a bottle of Paraduxx Zinfandel.   They were out, and the sommelier recommended a bottle by B Cellars instead, slightly cheaper.   Well, it was a stellar wine, and it was nice that we didn't feel like he tried to upsell us.   Absolutely stunning.A wonderful experience.   I look forward to visiting Michael Mina's other restaurants!
5	Wow, what a delicious meal.  It certainly tops my list of favorites. I wanted to take away a half a star because I didn't fall in love with the ambiance, but our table next to the glass wall made for EXCELLENT people watching so I'm keeping it at a solid 5 stars. Our meal started off with their complimentary trio of duck fat fries.  Seriously?  Duck fat fries?  Oh yeah and boy were they delicious.   The trio consisted of regular salted/herbed with ketchup, truffled with a truffle dipping sauce and paprika with a house made bbq sauce.  The paprika were my favorite.  The potato focaccia bread came out in its own cast iron skillet.   My fingers glistened with oil after my first piece.  And  yes, that was a good thing. We ordered the 18 oz. bone-in rib eye and the 10 oz. filet and all I can say is WOW.  Both were cooked absolutely perfect and the taste was amazing.  The flavor of the rib eye was out of this world and the filet was deliciously tender.  Our side dishes were brussels sprouts with bacon (trust me ... you've NEVER had brussels sprouts like this before) and the trio of mashed potatoes -- horseradish, lobster and sour cream & onion.  We skipped dessert simply because we had no more room in our tummies.This meal absolutely earned every single calorie.
5	I just came back from Stripsteak and I am soooooooo satisfied.We ordered the Maryland crab chowder, rib eye steak, truffled mac and cheese and creamed spinach with bacon.First of all, when you sit down, they give you a trio of duck fat fries with three different types of dipping sauces and this incredible foccacia bread.The fries and bread alone made the meal great.  The crab chowder was tasty......good and satisfying but not outstanding.  The steak was full of intense flavor and melted in my mouth bite after bite.....so goooood!The truffled mac and cheese and spinach were perfect compliments with my steak.Lastly, the ambience is so hot, trendy and sexy that I would not mind getting a bj as I eat my meat! OUTFUCKINGSTANDING................MEAL now I am back in my hotel ready for some f.........cking to end this great night.......I love Vegas and Iove Michael Mina!
5	Vegas never fails...and the concierge at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay deserves a raise after recommending this restaurant. My mom was having a craving for Prime Rib and Strip Steak was where we were told we had to have it! We arrived promptly for our reservations at 10pm. I was already on a happy high from seeing the Jersey Boys (best show on Earth) but wasn't as hungry as I thought. They gave us complimentary duck fries (amazing) so after I was done eating those, I knew that I didn't want a big meal. My mom ended up having the Prime Rib...which reminded more of a Filet Mignon. It was cooked to perfection. And she also ordered onion rings...which I couldn't stop gobbling up. (Yes I was eating off her plate...but she allowed me to. In fact, we ended up splitting the meal and they didn't charge us for an extra plate.) I ended up ordering 1/2 dozen oysters (can't get off this oyster kick) which were just as amazing as the ones I had the night prior at the Aria. Top that off with the best vodka and tonic (I was drunk after one....) I was in heaven. StripSteak was the best way to end such a memorable night. Can't wait to go back.
4	We had reservations here.They made us wait 10 minutes before they walked us into the restaurant.Then they walked us back out saying that our table wasn't ready, when there were at least 4 open tables!Then we waited 10 MORE minutes, only to be seated by the kitchen hall.Besides the unsatisfying beginning, everything else was extremely good.Recommendations:- American Kobe Rib- Filet Mignon- Mac & Cheese- Scalloped PotatoesPros:- Very good food- Good quality meat- Very good service from our waiterCons:- Pricey, but you get what you pay for.  :)
4	I love this place. While it's true its just another fancy steakhouse and those can get old, it was nicely done. I loved the decor and the food was fabulous. The spice mix on my steak was truly delicious. Go in dressed to the hilt, or wearing jeans, no one cares. Fairly impressive wine list. I hope to go back next time I'm in LAS.
4	There were two truly spectacular things about this place:American Kobe Rib CAPScalloped potatoes with onions & goat cheeseI came equipped with the 50$ off 100$ g/c from restaurant.com, 18% gratuity added beforehand, of course.  The service was spectacular and the extras (potato bread, super greasy but super tasty; duck fat fries w/ dipping sauces) were a nice touch.  The duck fat fries just didn't live up to the hype - the truffle aioli did however.  The dry-aged bone-in ribeye was just OK though.  HUGE portion (very little weight was bone, surprisingly.)  But it just wasn't eye-closing good.  I wanted to like this place more, I really did.  Oh but we got comped cover into Mix lounge with dinner!
5	Shout out to my Yelpers for recommending this place! We were staying at Mandalay Bay for the night, there for the Silversun Pickups/Muse concert (awesome, by the way) later that night so we made reservations for StripSteak. Yes, the duck fat fries were very good. I preferred the truffle oil fries, the others didn't seem all that different than regular seasoned fries to be honest. I absolutely loved the richness of the potato focccacia bread. For appetizers we went with crab louie with avocado lettuce cups and the lobster, bacon-wrapped fritters. The crab cups were so fresh and came with a great spicy sauce...very refreshing and bite sized (especially after the heavy amuse).  The lobster fritters were served on a stick and came with a great, light, almost frothy lemon dipping sauce to roll into the lettuce. Again, light and refreshing, especially for something that was fried. What was not light was the rest of the meal. I ordered the ahi, seared rare, very delicious and well seasoned for not being blackened. Sides were truffle mac and cheese and bacon creamed spinach. To die for! I am not a mac and cheese person, but figured I'd give it a try, and love it! I was so upset with myself for filling up and not being able to finish everything! I really tried so hard. My date got the prime rib, which he enjoyed as well. I wish I could review a dessert here, but no room left in the tummy. Great combination of having a nice dinner without being frou-frou on the food or portions. If you're in Vegas, it's a must-do!
4	My buddy and I were hungry the other night... we wanted a sit down place to kill some time before hitting the clubs, but we didn't want to spend too much.  I also wanted to eat something healthy.  Strip Steak didn't originally meet our requirements, but with a coupon from restaurant.com, it did.We got last minute reservations on a Saturday night for 9:30pm, which was lucky because the place was packed!  Muse was playing the arena nearby so there was a huge rush before we arrived.  I had the ahi tuna and my buddy had the salmon.  Each was around $40, but with the coupon, it came out to about $46 after tax and tip.  Not a bad price for Strip Steak!We definitely felt like fools not ordering steak here, but oh well, that's what we were in the mood for.  I'm already promising myself that I'm going to go back for a steak.
5	Wow... where do I start? The fries... yum. The truffle oil ones are the best. There are sauces, but for these fries, sauce is not required. I had a filet that was excellent. I have had better, but on a 1-10 scale, it was a 8.5. The truffle macaroni & cheese is a wonderful accent. When in season, they have a fantastic corn side dish as well. For me, the highlight of all three evenings I've eaten here was the scalloped potatoes with goat cheese and carmelized onions. All I have to say is OMG! This could be an entree. Unreal. I want to cry thinking about it. On a 1-10, this dish for me was a 9.5 (10 doesn't exist). Finally... another chart topper, the Beignets! Wow! They are served warm and they have two sauces with them... a butterscotch (amazing), a creme brulee (pretty good), and my favorite, the chocolate (which sadly they for some reason no longer serve - crazy!) Overall, an amazing experience every time.
4	A definite place to make a reservation if you are staying at Mandalay Bay.  We enjoyed our meal and the waitstaff was the absolute best.  Totally unpretentious and enjoyable meal.  The trio of duck fat fries were awesome along with the sauces.  I made the mistake of saying to my husband "that sauce is good, what it it?"  he replied, "ketchup."  Oops.  I ordered the Colorado lamb which was tender and cooked/grilled perfectly.  I devoured everything.  We also had a side of brussel sprouts with bacon and creamed spinach.  Even though we were absolutely stuffed we decided to split a dessert, beignets with butterscotch pudding.  Soooo goood.  Can't wait to try Mina's other restaurants, Seablue looks really good.
4	Stripsteak is AMAZING.  We got a $50 gift card from restaurants.com (for 25 bucks) and when we got there we got the prix fix menu.  When we sat down, they give you a complimentary trio of duck fat fries with 3 different dipping sauces...ok these were DELISH...probably the best french fries I've ever eaten.  Then I chose to get the salad---which was fresh and good---my bf got the crab soup....very good (the crab taste is very subtle and not overwhelming).  Then the steaks came out...it was cooked to perfection and seasoned to perfection.  The steaks were pretty large compared to other steakhouses I've been to----Ruth Chris, Flemings, Mortons, Houstons.  The sides come in small dishes (we got the truffle mac and cheese and broccoli)...delish!  The sides are very small...but very good.  The service was slow...but hey, we were in Vegas....not in a huge rush to get anywhere.  The decor is nice and modern and sleek.  Stainless steel everything.  This place is expensive-----so I recommend going to Restaurants.com and getting the coupon first.
2	On my most recent trip to Vegas, I made StripSteak my steakhouse to try.  I've been to Delmonicos, Charlie Palmers, and CUT which were all way better then StripSteak.First off the restaurant has a hip and modern feel.  The one thing I noticed that I really didn't like was how crowded the room is.  The tables are basically one on top of another, not much spacing at all.  On to the food.First came the Trio of Duck Fat Fries.  I was looking forward to the them but came out underwhelmed.  They tasted like french fries.  They were good fries but did not understand all the hype.  Next I ordered the crab cake appetizer.  2 pcs filled with dungeness crab fried up like a hush puppy.. It was decent but nothing spectacular.  I found too many shell fragments in the crab cake.  Maryland style crab cakes are way better.  For the main course I ordered the 6 oz Japanese A5 NY Strip, grillled Foie Gras, and Truffled Mac & Cheese.  The steak was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth.  It came with a Yuzu dipping sauce on the side which added nothing to the steak.  The one thing I didn't like was that it was way over seasoned. (for a $185 piece of meat it should be perfect)  The foie was good not great.  The mac & cheese was pretty good.  With all the components being so rich, I didn't have room for dessert.Service was decent.  I was not offered the potato foccacia bread.  Not sure if this was because I was solo but I didn't make a fuss about it because I honestly wasn't as hungry as I wanted to be because of brunch earlier in the day.  This was my first time at a Michael Mina restaurant and I came away unimpressed.  I'll try another one of his restaurants before passing final judgment but this is probably the one and only time I'll eat at StripSteak
3	The reason for me coming here.....the how now brown cow...was the least impressive part of the meal. I got the $64 wagyu rib eye...and that did not taste like wagyu beef at all....the wagyu I had at Craftsteak last year was way more tender and delicious. The add on of bone marrow was lame also...hardly any for $15. The spinach souffle side was good, the tuna poopers....I mean, poppers...were good, the beignets and creme brulee for dessert were...good....getting the idea here?....everything was alright, not outstanding. Oh, and the duck fat fries were good too. Again, not as great a I thought they would be. The focaccia was way too greasy. service and atmosphere were great, but when those things overshadow the food..not a good thing. There are too many other steak places to try in Vegas to warrant returning here. Then again, I might just as well go back to Craftsteak.
3	Few things satisfy one's appetite in such a primal way as steak. And few chefs are as innovative with food as Michael Mina. So when searching for a place with an innovative approach to steak, StripSteak should have been a no brainer, right?As it turned out, StripSteak was a bit of a letdown. The reason, however, is a little hard to pin down. Suffice it to say that I found the restaurant both overwhelming and underwhelming.What was overwhelming were the ways in which they attempted to "bribe" you into loving the restaurant. This begins the second you sit down, when they parade out to your table a Trio of Duck Fat Fries. Now who can resist duck fat fries? Clearly I was being manipulated here, and the truffle oil fries did just that. That said, because they bring them out to every table, while lying in wait for their next victim, the fries don't come out as hot and fresh as they could be. In addition to the fries, they also bring out to your table a cast iron pan of potato focaccia bread, which was delicious but dense. All this before even getting our appetizers!For our meal, we both opted for the prix fixe menu, which is a fair deal at $55.1st CourseMaryland Blue Crab Chowder | Bacon Lardon, Parsnip -- Intense crab flavor but a little watery. Not my favorite.Bibb Wedge | Avocado, Bacon, Oregon Smokey Blue  -- Good flavor, but I felt like I have had this before. Surprisingly staid for Michael Mina. In fact, both these dishes were really underwhelming.2nd CourseSlow-Poached Prime Rib of Beef | Select Seasonal Side Dishes -- The meat was well cooked, but honestly, I have made better prime rib at home. The side dishes consisted of a wonderful brussels sprouts slaw, a predictable truffled mac and cheese, and an insipid creamed spinach.Dry-Aged Bone-In Ribeye ($10 surcharge) -- This was delicious, perfectly cooked, and full of flavor. Now this is the reason that one comes to a steakhouse, not for all the distractions and bribes. And this is the reason I brought the 2006 Scarecrow Cabernet Sauvignon ($35 corkage), which paired perfectly with the meat.3rd CourseMichael's Root Beer Float | Sassafras Ice Cream, Chocolate Chip Cookies  -- Pure yum! I could have had a pitcher of this.Finally, as if this wasn't enough, before you leave and write your Yelp review, they present you with a bag of Chocolate Almond Brittle. Again, a bribe.The service was for the most friendly and unpretentious, with the exception of the person who came to open and decant our wine (I don't think he was the somm). He seemed a little snotty and did not smile at all.So would I come back again? Probably not, but I did enjoy some aspects of our meal. The next time I'm in Las Vegas and want to do a Michael Mina restaurant, I'll head to Nobhill Tavern instead.
5	This restaurant is a bit pricey but worth every dollar. This place is totally awesome. Dinner started with Fat trio french fries are cool are very tasty. It was very hard to decide what to get it was between slow pouch prime rib or the Kansas City steak. I went with the Kansas City steak (18 ounces). I order my steak med-rare just love to taste the meat. My wife ordered the Skirt steak (8 ounces) med-rare. The sides were very delicious I ordered Mac and cheese and the wife ordered the scallop potatoes. I must say this was a grand meal very very mesmerizing.
5	Simply Delicious! I eat at StripSteak on every trip to Las Vegas. It's a very unpretentious steakhouse that serves great food consistently. Yes it can be a bit noisy because it is very popular and the layout is very open. The staff has always been very accommodating. The complimentary fry trio you get upon being seated is a nice teaser but they like to tell you they are compliments of the chef. Ha ha nice try. Everyone gets these and has been for years, they are now the equivalent of chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant. I will however never refuse them, they are yummy. If you aren't a big steak eater the chicken is amazing and just the right size. If you get a side of the Mac& cheese it's extremely rich and satisfying. The lobster fritters are very pricey but unique and tasty, I get them every time. It's a perfect appetizer that will not fill you up and a great start before a meal.
4	Went here with friends who were visiting Vegas all the way from Dubai/London/France and had a lovely experience. The food was great, the atmosphere was nice. My only complaint was the volume of the music. It was so difficult to understand what my friends with accents were saying because the background music was so loud. I was literally concentrating so hard on trying to read their mouths the whole time that it could have ruined the overall experience if the food had not been so good.I will definitely be back for their Roasted Beets with Burrata Cheese...it was sooo good! I never even knew I liked beets before trying this 'salad'!And of course, the Duck Fat Fries Trio was delicious, especially the ones with truffle sauce.
5	Ate at strip steak this weekend for dinner when I was in Vegas.  Food was excellent.  Atmosphere was excellent.  Wait staff was excellent.  Nothing more to say.  It was a high price meal, but that is what we expected.  We certainly got what we paid for.
1	Honestly quite dissapointed with StripSteak based on the four star rating here.  Maybe I just went on their worst night.  The waitress was terrible, took about half an hour to take our orders and hardly came to visit us.  The steak does not compare to other prime steakhouses.  I'm not sure what the fuss is about the fries on these reviews, they are just regular fast food like fries with different dips.  Fortunately the next night we went to Del Frisco's Double Eagle and it made up for this!
4	Okay I have been to this place 6 times, absolutely love the food, but not the price.   I really actually go for the chef's compliments which are a trio of fries and 3 sauces.  I love the truffle/mayo dip.  Here's all I've had there so far, well that I remember, since I usually get tipsy there (why the bill is so high):Porter house(medium) ; Delicious and nice size, but priceyMain Lobster (appetizer size) steamed and chilled; only 2 pieces not that tasty and not worth the buy.American Kobe Burger - Really good, same as the Burger Bar in Mandalay walkway to Luxor.Asparagus - tastycream spinach - deliciousBibb Wedge Salad- tasty, but have had betterThis place has a nice seating, but it's always busy and very noisy, not very romantic.  The restrooms are unisex and it is very modern chic.  Very pricey and cost is always close to $300, but that's because of the alcohol.  I suggest going on Restaurant.com  and you can purchase a $50 gift certificate for half the price or like me, when there are speciasls I got it for $8. :-)
4	Michael Mina makes any restaurant sound interesting.A little overpriced, but not too much.A variety fries with a variety of sauces. Loved it.Lobster fritter. Could have done without. Dough-like. Where's the lobster?16 oz bone-in rib eye. Flavorful! My kind of steak.Kansas strip. Eh.Side of cream spiniach. Yum.Attentive waiters. Good times.
1	I just went there tonight with high hopes and a head full of other peoples good reviews. OMG whoever said this place is good has not had a true "dry-aged" steak at the very least. So this review is for those of you who have tasted TURE "DRY-AGED" Ribeye. You know that nutty NON-IRONY taste and weird yet interesting smell. For the quality of food...it is WAY Overpriced. AND i dont usually complain about price as long as the food is outstanding tasting. Stripsteak is NOT! Definitely does not taste like a true "DRY-AGED" steak! I had the bone-in rib-eye and it tasted like Costco steak...which taste good....but not $51 for 18oz good. My Gf had the American Wagyu....terrible! No marblization no flavor punch...just another eye of rib taste. Ive had both "Dry-aged" bone-in rib-eye and Kobe steak before and the steaks at strip steak do not even near the realm of the taste you encounter when eating the true stuff....sooo dissappointed. Lobster tail not at all fresh or worth the price. Roasted Mushrooms tasted too wierd...also too expensive as well. Scalloped potatoes...barely OK. Merlot Excellent! Their Focaccia bread thing was a heart-breaking waste of dough. Roasted Bone marrow was OK. French fries was your basic multy times fried re-hash fries...SUCK...BUT the sauces was Good & seasoning good! All in all, just too over-priced for the type of food...the food served here is the same level as Outback steak house....Please believe me, i am not even joking. Please save your money and buy 3 ribeyes for $22 at costco....same taste...trust me! I wish this place did work out for us but sadly it failed horribly. WHats worse than that was the websites that i looked at that actually said that stripsteak was good dry-aged steak. i feel like the credibility of these websites is shot. Sounded like these guys knew what they were talking about...oh well....THANK GOD that we had the Restaurant.com coupon or i would have been a lot more angry at what i could have paid for this substandard experience! I would rather go to Ruth Cris and get a "Wet-Aged"  Bloodyish tasting piece of beef than this place, at least Ruth Cris' steak taste better for less and their sides are way better too....Yup....thats how dissappointing Stripsteak is : (
5	michael mina did not disappoint us one bit!as you walk into the restaurant, you'll see meat in the windows by the grill aging to perfection.  and as expected, everything from the food to the service to the ambiance was amazing.  as soon as we got to our tables, a happy birthday card awaited us which was very thoughtful and cute.  our server was extremely helpful especially with choosing a wine to celebrate wifey's birthday.  he generously brought out a couple of samples of wine and was very knowledgeable of each type.  i love how they bus your plates immediately and how our drinks never touched the bottom of our glasses.  FANTASTIC service.the trio of fries were delish...but we tried so hard not to eat all of it for fear of not being able to finish our main course.  the truffle mayo was exquisite...and it was dang hard not to soak up every single fry in it.  the fresh out of the oven rosemary focaccia bread was WOW.  i didn't even get a chance to take a picture of it cause we just dove right in.  it was buttery, warm, and so good that after a couple of pieces, i found myself not trying to look at it or else i'd devour the rest of it.  both of us ordered off the prix fixe menu which was well worth the pricetag of $55 each.  don't forget your restaurant.com gift certificate which takes 50 bucks off your bill!  we took advantage of the discount and decided to order an appetizer...so we got meat at its purest level...the kobe filet tartare.  man oh man...if i could, i'd skip everything else on the menu and just order 3 of those for myself.  the server came to our tableside with a plate of the diced kobe, a quail egg, and seasonings.  he mixed the tartare right in front of us explaining every single ingredient and placed the mixture into a bowl with ice.  it was served with some pita bread.  the tartare itself was enough to give this place 5 stars...the quality of the kobe was amazing!  a must try when you come here...now the first course...wifey had the crab chowder while i chose the bibb salad.  the server said that every bowl of crab chowder is made to order.  the chunks of crab in the bowl were generous...and the broth itself was super tasty.  but my salad...mMmmm...i absolutely love blue cheese...and my salad had 2 different types.  wifey gave me the stink face though but was still willing to try it.  yummy!!!we both decided to order the slow poached prime rib...who wants to order chicken from a steak house?  the server warned us that ordering medium guarantees you medium rare...which was perfect for us.  so medium it is!!!  the prime rib was super tasty and tender.  no juices splattered over the plate which means that the chef knew what the heck he was doing.  it was served with a side of delish au jus and creamy horseradish.  our entree also came with 3 sides...peas and carrots, truffled mac n cheese, and bacon creamed spinach.  i left the peas and carrots alone since they weren't anything special...and devoured the rest of the side dishes.  the truffled mac n cheese was OMG good.  don't truffles just make everything that much better?  yum.  and then dessert...root beer float with sassafras ice cream and root beer sorbet...served with chocolate chip cookies baked to order...oh, and a chocolate straw.  the server was nice enough to even put a candle on wifey's plate and happy birthday written with chocolate.  before we tried our dessert, we had to ask ourselves...how good can a root ber float possibly be?  haha.  this root beer float was of course, the best root beer float i have ever had.  amazingness.loved this place...can't wait to try michael mina's other restaurants...i've heard great things about his lobster pot pie.  yummy!
4	My boyfriend went crazy on restaurant.com and ordered gift certificates so we decided to give it a try. I have to say that it wasn't the best steak I've ever had but certainly one of the priciests. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The steak was cooked just how I like it and I overindulged with the fries! We had a pre fixe menu and there was plenty of food all around. I'll definitely go back. I hear the happy hour is also good.
5	Their Truffle Mac N Cheese deserves 5 stars alone!The best Mac n Cheese that I've had anywhere. Came here for a Business School dinner. I recommend making a reservation as this seems to be a very popular spot for dinner.Being the only vegetarian in the group, things weren't looking up for me. Even their fries are made with duck fat. Oh well, I resigned myself to ordering the beet salad with burrata cheese and a few sides. So a few sides turned into 3 eventually. Namely, the Truffle Mac n Cheese, Roasted Morels, and Potato Cakes. 4 if you count the Potato Focaccia that they bring out with your meal.The Beet salad was pretty good, but as I mentioned earlier, just order their Mac n Cheese. It's that good. The potato cakes and Roasted Morels were nothing special. Also, they dry age their steaks, if that counts for anything.The service was exceptional! Our water/wine glasses were never empty. All our food quirks were well taken care of. Do give it a try.
5	dry-aged, bone-in ribeye prepared medium-rare is how you do it here. the duck fat fries and trio of mysteriously bomb sauces is just something not of this world. japanese kobe filet i tried off my friend's plate was amazing! pretty much everything on our table of 8 was darn good. fresh oysters from around the country flown in fresh daily? that's pretty awesome. i read in a past issue of details that this steakhouse was voted one of the premiere spots in the country! that alone says a ton about stripsteak.service was excellent. the bartender made me my first "perfect Manhattan." unbelievably good. price of our tab? i'd rather leave that out but what can you say? you're in vegas, baby!!
5	I was very excited to have dinner here.  The Better Half & I have been wanting to give it a try for a while.  We had several friends visiting this weekend and decided to have a group dinner here.There were 11 of us in the group.  Before dinner, we gathered at the bar to have a pre-dinner drink.  The bartender was very friendly and helpful.  He took several pictures of the group at our request and was patient as we gave him 5 different cameras to take pictures with.  The whole time he cracked jokes and told us he would take as many pictures as we wanted....+1 in my book for the service.Originally, we had a reservation for 15 people but 4 didn't make it, so the hostess had to rearrange the table.  The hostess came to get us 10 minutes after our original reservation time....not bad for a last minute change like that.We were seated and our server immediately asked me if we wanted the wine list and who were the wine drinkers in the group.  I gave her the headcount and instructed her to keep our wine glasses full until I said stop.  She obliged and went to get the wine.  I ordered a Malbec from Argentina, it was nice and earthy with hints of blackberry & pepper....perfect! +1 for the wine.The server made several recommendations for the group and we placed our order.  As a complimentary appetizer, they brought out a tray of 3 different flavors of French Fries.  From what I could tell the flavors were BBQ, Plain, and Garlic & Herbs....served with 3 dipping sauces....BBQ, Horseradish, Ketchup.  They were good, the Garlic & Herbs was the best of the 3.When the food came out, it was presented beautifully on the plates and cooked exactly how we all ordered it.....that's rare for a group this large.  Normally there is one or two that has to send it back because it wasn't cooked right, but not tonight!  I had the 10 oz Filet and ordered it Medium Well.....it was tender and the knife sliced through it like butter.  It had a nice juicy flavor with a smokey & peppery finish.....a great pairing for the Malbec...nom nom nom!  +1 on the Steaks.  I took a few pics of the Steaks for foodie viewing pleasure.For a side dish, I ordered the Truffled Mac 'n Cheese....again, great pairing for the entree....I highly recommend it.  The Asparagus was good too.Nobody had any room for dessert, so I can't comment on that.  Overall, the dinner was a big hit with everyone.Will I return?  You bet your Steaks I will!!
4	TIP: Sometimes they have $50 certificates on restaurant.com.While we were seated promptly, I felt our waiter was a bit slow to take our order and check up on us from time to time. Also, I had to ask if they had a prix fixe (knowing about it while researching the restaurant online beforehand) before he gave us the prix fixe menu. Not sure if that's normal or not. Maybe this is a conspiracy, but these guys serve duck fat fries seasoned 3 ways with 3 types of dipping sauces instead of bread. These thing are fantastic and most likely if you do not control yourself you will get full off these things. That's just my theory. Either way, out of a group of 7, 4 ordered off the prix fixe menu, one got the kobe burger, one a wagyu steak, and one the pork loin. Everything was cooked very well and tasty to boot. I had the 18oz bone-in ribeye off the prix fixe menu, along with the iceberg lettuce salad. The salad was surprisingly good. The steak was large and juicy. It also came with 3 seasonal side dishes served in individual serving plates. I also ate half of the kobe burger, which was very good as well. The rootbeer float dessert was also quite satisfying.All in all, a very nice meal food wise at an upscale steakhouse.
4	I almost always HAVE to eat here when i'm in vegas. I just love their foie gras sliders, it's  perfectly seared accompanied with pears, arugula, and brioche..this time we hadoysters : good but never as good as tomales bay :)Angus filet: very soft and tender :)asparagus: i think its best if it was blanched with mild salt seasoningscalloped potatos : very heavy,  it was okaycream of corn : very salty this time... but still goodoh I also love how theres complimentry fries fried in duck fat! My favorite would be the truffle fries :) Oh and their complimentary focacia bread is really good :)
5	The best steak I've had in Las Vegas! Be sure to try their duck fat fries too!
4	I would actually give this place 4 1/2 stars, but it falls just short of being perfect. To start, our server was excellent. She was spot on for all of her recommendations and descriptions. Her wine recommendation, which I think was the house cabernet sauvignon, was fantastic. I had the kobe ribcap, my other dinner mates had the kobe ribeye, filet mignon, and scallops. My steak was cooked nicely med-rare, and tasted amazing with fantastic marbling. However, it seemed like the other steaks were cooked just a bit less than requested. You can taste the mesquite wood flavor in the meat, although I didn't think it enhanced the flavor too much. The starter duck fat fries are excellent, as is the foie gras slider appetizer. The truffle mac and cheese is a must try. The mushrooms were a little salty (maybe they're supposed to be), but had good mushroom flavor. At the end of the meal, we were too stuffed to try any desserts, but their coffee was a perfect finish to a very nice meal.
3	Ambiance is nice, service is really friendly, food was good but my entree was disappointing to me hence, the 3 stars.The bf & I got the following: prime rib, rib eye, truffled mac & cheese, spinach, foie gras sliders, and root beer floats for dessert.The foie gras sliders were pretty good. Our waitress suggestd that we take off the top piece of bread so we could taste the foie gras more. Good call on the bread! I think if I had eaten it with the bread on top, the taste would have overwhelmed the foie gras. It had a slightly sweet sauce taste but it was delicious! It only comes in two small pieces though. I'm a HUGE fan of prime rib so I ordered this without even thinking. However, they cook prime rib really different here. I wish my waitress warned me because I wasn't a fan. She later told me that people either loved it or hated it. Thanks, you could have warned me :( There's a certain taste that you expect when you eat prime rib but this place didn't have it. But like she said, other people would love it.The rib eye was pretty tasty, cooked well. The sides of truffle mac & cheese was delicious but extremely rich. The spinach was okay. The root beer float dessert was a nice finish to the meal. Tastes exactly like what you would make for yourself as a kid but that feeling of nostalgia and the fact that it's not a heavy dessert was a nice touch. I probably wouldn't come back since there's so many other places to try but the meat definitely looks promising. Except the prime rib haha
5	Absolutely fantastic!!!  I loved everything about this restaurant.  I ordered the 8oz American Kobe Rip Cap and it literally melted in my mouth!  Granted it was 64 bucks but I can understand why.  They start you out with fries fried in duck fat, soooo yummy!  We also ordered some oysters and mac and cheese.  Both were also very good.  The service is beyond excellent.  One of my dinner companions did not like his Kobe Burger so they took it off the bill without us even asking.  I would highly recommend coming here for a fancy dinner.
5	Aside from the fantastic decor and hospitable service that my party of 30 received, I want to give a special shout out to the mac and cheese on this menu.  I know, I know, it's a steak joint so they obviously provide superb steaks.  But their truffle mac and cheese is like nothing I've ever tasted before- and I am not a mushroom girl.  The truffle flavor is just subtle enough that the addition is truly an enhancement.  It was by far the best mac and cheese I've ever tasted (sorry mom).  And well worth the exhorbitant price that was paid for it.
5	I'm unsure if the current drool on my shirt stems from a salivary gland disorder, or from reminiscing of my meal at stripsteak this past weekend. Either way, Michael Mina's STRIPSTEAK offered one of the best meals i've ever had and will forever be a MUST while in Vegas. Each meal is started off with a trio of Duck Fat Fries, compliments of the Chef. Duck Fat Fries are french fries which are fried in duck fat , seasoned three different ways and served with three dipping sauces. These are easily the best french fries i've ever had are deserving of the 5-star rating alone. Collectively, our group ordered the Japanese A5 Filet (market price of $95), a few orders of Salmon ($35), the American Kobe Burger ($25), and additional sides of duck fat fries and the truffled mac and cheese. While the prices are high, this is a prime example of "you get what you pay for." We were told that the A5 filet was flown in from Japan earlier that morning, and upon receiving it, was tender enough to cut with a fork alone.  The Salmon, cooked and seasoned perfectly, was extremely fresh. Having eaten at places such as Neptune's Net on Pacific Coast Highway in California, I didn't think it was possible to taste a fresher tasting fish, but Stripsteak really nailed it. When served with a side of truffled Mac & Cheese, which might i add was some of the best i've had the pleasure of trying, it was truely an adventure for the taste buds.Onto the burger. The American Kobe Burger was the least expensive of the various options. It featured a kobe beef patty cooked to a perfect medium served on a bun with fennel slaw and watercress. What was without a doubt the best burger i've ever had was served alongside a second helping of the succulent duck fat fries I had experienced at the beginning of our meal. Overall, i was very pleased with the meal as well as the amazing service and I didn't hear a single complaint in our party except regarding the price. But like I mentioned earlier, "you get what you pay for." Unless of course you were the one ordering the $95 A5 filet... That should have come with a lapdance.
5	As soon as we got to Vegas we had to rush to our hotel to make our 7:30 reservation at Strip Steak.  We had a table of about 15, so I thought it was going to take forever to get our apps and food, but I was pleasantly surprised it didn't!  The waiters started us out with duck fat fries, compliments of the chef (we weren't special they gave them to every table).  I have to say I was underwhelmed.  I have heard so many people say oh duck fat fries are soooo good...um they tasted like regular fries.  Maybe my taste buds just aren't distinguished enough, but no one at the table was raving about them.We then ordered several appetizers, the crab cakes were way more crab that cake!  That's a rarity in my opinion!  I also ordered bacon wrapped fried lobster meat with a cream fresh dipping sauce.  It was so good, I didn't want to offer them to anyone else but being generous I did, and unfortunately they took me up on my offer!  For my main course I ordered the hand massaged Kobe 6 oz steak.  It was super tender and delicious....could I really tell that it was a Kobe steak, not really, but it was really good.  We also ordered the truffle mac and cheese, if you dont like truffle oil dont order this because it is very strong in the dish.  The horse radish mashed potatoes were delicious as was the corn dish we ordered.  All in all the food was fantastic and our waiter was great.
3	Make sure that you're in the mood to eat when you come here, because if you're not, you're still going to eat a lot anyways.Made a group trip out to Vegas for the 4th of July and decided to come here for a nice dinner.  Wrong place for me because I don't eat beef, but everyone else wanted to come here so I tagged along.We brought in a double magnum of 2007 Acre Cabernet Sauvignon (4 bottles of wine in 1).  The service was standard, nothing too great for that caliber of restaurant, but nonetheless, we had a good time.We ordered half the menu pretty much.  Everyone got steaks except me, I  had the chicken with truffle macaroni and cheese and onion jus.  Rick Moonen's chicken blows this one out of the water. For starters, we had the lobster grilled cheese with tomato bisque, crab louie lettuce cups with a sriracha aioli and caesar salad.  All the starters were really good.  For sides, we ordered the jalapeno creamed corn, truffle mac and cheese, potato au gratin, asparagus, and some other sides.  And most everyone got the $72 kobe filet (everything is priced a la carte).Then why the reason for 3 stars?  3 for service, 4 for food and ambiance.  When we paid for the bill, our server somehow "misplaced" $100 of our bill after we left her an extra $35 on gratuity.  All in all, the problem was fixed and the general manager, Mark, was very professional about the situation.
4	It was pretty tasty!  The service was friendly and welcoming.  The appetizers (fries and bread) were also very tasty.  The ambiance was nice, and not too loud for an open floorplan.Give it a try!
4	4.5 stars if I could. Great martini, made exactly to my picky specifications. Great french fry assortment to start.  Ask the sommelier for a wine reco with your meal. Not only will it be a good wine choice but you will receive outstanding service for the rest of the meal. Steaks were perfect.
3	Hubbs and I came here for my birthday dinner  last week-I had really been looking forward to it due to reviews and pics, and we kind of knew what to expect. The service was good-nothing stellar but not bad-average I guess, and the restaurant is pretty. But I'm only giving it 3 stars, and here's why...The food was good. Or at least the presentation and menu options. To start with, i got the lobster fritters (yum, and eat them wrapped in the lettuce) and hubbs got the tomato soup with lobster grilled cheese. For main course i ordered the portherhouse, and hubbs got the Kansas strip. They were really good, but dayum!! Did we also get served salt licks with each course??? At first one of the waitresses kept filling up our waters every two or three sips, literally-and then we figured out why. Every single dish-EVERY SINGLE DISH-was insanely salty!!! Not just the apps, but the duck fat fries, the foccacia, the truffeled mac and cheese, even the steaks!! Don't get me wrong-the food was good. But dear lord-I think I sent my blood pressure through the roof with all the salt. It was crazy. Literally, every dish!!! Except my mint chocolate chip ice cream that i had for dessert.I don't think it was amazing enough that we'd go back. Like I said, the food was good-but just too freaking salty for us to totally enjoy and savor it.
3	Michael Mina has an amazing reputation. But I felt the food was just ok. Not good or bad.I started off with the french fry trio. Eh. They were fries, so there were some truffles sprinkled on them... good, but amazing? No.The oysters were good, but they take no special preparation on the part of the chef.My wife had the tomato soup with lobster grilles cheese... it was ok.Our steaks, also pretty standard. to be honest, I like the steaks at Flemmings better. The highlight of the meal, was my appetizer, the Foie Gras sliders with reduction of caramelized onions, and the red velvet cake with chocolate mouse.I ordered the marrow bones to go with my steak, and for $29.00, I was expecting larger marrow bones, and at least a marrow spoon to extract it with. Instead I got two 1 inch bones, and I had to fish out what I could with the back side of my fork.All in all, it wasn't an exceptional meal, but it wasn't bad either.But there was 4 of us, no alcohol, and the bill was almost $600.00. For that price, and based on Michaels reputation, I was expecting a lot more.
4	Stopped by STRIPSTEAK on a business trip to Vegas for drinks and a small nosh before we headed off to dinner. The Cucumber Martini was fantastic and the Duck Fat Fries were equally as wonderful. Served 3 ways, the fries were perfectly crispy and delicious. Of the 3 preparations, I loved the herbed and truffled versions best. The "bbq" version was a little heavy on the smoked paprika, and that overpowered what was otherwise the fries dreams are made of. I would return again!
4	I thought one of the coolest things about Stripsteak was that they bring you a trio of Duck fat fries instead of the typical bread in the beginning. It comes with 3 different sauces and all blend superb with whatever fry you are dipping it with. The night we came, there happened to be a live band playing  nearby (I was told a convention just got out nearby) so it wasn't a quiet meal although I think it was just an off day. After the fries, they do in fact still give you foccacia bread baked in a mini pan so you have it all to yourself. Yummmm. I opted for the short ribs and my bf went with the prime rib. I know its a steakhouse but we just weren't in the mood for steak. The prime rib was not the best but I wouldn't be too hard to critique based on that because I'm sure they aren't known for their prime ribs. The short ribs were very tender. I ordered a side of jalepeno cream corn which I thought was very good. I really wanted a dessert but the dessert choices were quite slim. Nothing sounded to really pop. I ended up choosing a chocolate mouse with red velvet chunks on top. It was good. The service was pretty fast throughout the whole dinner and I really liked at the end they leave you with a bag of caramel popcorn dipped in chocolate sauce for you to take home!
4	Ate here again recently, and had the Filet. It was perfect. Very good. And the trio of fries they give you before the meal are all excellent. Probably the best fries I have ever had.
5	this was our second time eating here and it was just as good as last time.  as mentioned they give you the fries and a type of bread for appetizer, so i really don't see a point to ordering an appetizer when they give you two.  i had the kansas city steak which was just the best thing i ate all vacation long.  it's a very reliable steak.  i wanted to try something different but i knew how good it was last time and wanted to make sure that i was going to get something good.  it was cooked absolutely perfect.  my wife had the scallops which were really good as well.  entrees run in the 40 -60 dollar range.  side dishes are 9-12 dollars.  we opted for dessert and went with the root beer float which comes with a couple fresh baked cookies.  its not on the dessert menu.  it was good, but i don't feel $12 was worth the size.  but overall it was a really nice experience, really delicious dinner.  we used our restaurant.com gift certificate to take $50 off the bill.  if you can get your hands on one of those it really makes it a much much more affordable meal.  over half the restaurants in mandalay bay are on restaurant.com so take advantage of it.
4	This place is freaking deliciousI went for a company dinner--so you know I got to eat everything possible! For appetizers we had Tiger Prawns, Lettuce cups, and fries as appetizers. They were all very good. Flavorful and nicely seasonedAs much as I wanted to abstain from beef because I've been feeling a little heavy lately, I HAD to get the steak--I mean, the place is called STRIPSTEAK for christ's sake! I had the 10oz Filet Mignon (Medium Rare) and it was cooked to PERFECTION. I think that was the best cooked steak I've ever had. Melted in my mouth like butter!For sides, we had the Potato Puree Trio, Spinach, and roasted mushrooms. The spinach wasn't anything special, but the roasted mushrooms were great. The potato puree was a little "pureed" for me, and maybe I had a little bit too much alcohol in me, so it didn't sit quite well in my stomach--but it was ok. For dessert, we had a trio of ice cream (chocolate ice cream was amazingggg), strawberry shortcake (really good), a blueberry custard (this is good if you're not into anything overly sweet), and some sort of chocolate concoction. Wish I could describe the desserts better, but they don't have the dessert menu up. Overall, great place, good food, but it's pretty pricey, but I think the meal is well worth it.
5	This place is absolutely under-rated. After having a bad experience at CraftSteak (another MGM owned steakhouse) I wanted to give other steakhouses one more try before going to back to my all time favorite (Delmonico @ the Venetian).After placing your order (whatever you order at the restaurant)...You are greeted with 3 Duck Fat Fries Trio - complimentary of the chef/restaurant. The fries were absolutely delicious (I'm not saying this because it was free). They were really good. You get 3 generous portions of Spicy Fries, Truffle Fries, and Parmesan Fries. DO NOT eat the complimentary bread - save your appetite so you can finish your entree & sides. --Fries 4.5 / 5 Stars....Bread 1 / 5 StarsAged Bone In Rib Eye ($52) - 18 oz of delicious Rib Eye. Slightly under medium rare (but I rather it be slightly under versus over). Flavors were delicious and enjoyable in every bite. --4.5 / 5 StarsAmerican Kobe Rib Eye from Idaho ($64) - 8 ounces of meat that will absolutely melt in your mouth. My girlfriend ordered this because we wanted to try a slightly higher quality meat without burning a hole in our wallet. IMO it will be enough for most people. We also shared each others steak just in case she wanted more meat, but it was more than enough.  The steak was cooked perfectly (Medium Rare)!--5 / 5 StarsCream Corn w/ Jalepeno - Absolutely delicious. The presentation may fool as you because the photos don't look aesthetically appealing. But the pictures can't do this dish any justice - you just have to try it! Creamy, slight kick of mild spiciness from the Jalapeno. Enjoyable with every bite! --5 / 5 StarsMac & Cheese w/ Truffle - Again like the Cream Corn, photos can not do this dish any justice. The truffle and mac & cheese definitely ranked in my top 3 of mac & cheese of all time. I only prefer to eat Mac & Cheese w/ Truffle and this was an automatic home-run in my ball park.--5 / 5 Stars
3	The highlight of the dinner was the french fry trio that they give you as a starter. I noticed that this was also a fave of many other reviewers. You cannot go wrong with 3 differently seasoned fries and 3 complimentary dips. Considering that this starter is compliments of the house, the portion is substantial. For dinner, I ordered the American Kobe burger and has the tomato soup to start. The burger was decent, but I have had better American Kobe burgers. The burger does have some of spread or aioli on it that after tasting would have rather had on the side. On the bright side, the burger does come with another pile of those fries. The tomato soup is pretty good. It definitely has the heirloom tomato taste so the the soup is a little bitter. The lobster grilled cheese triangles are small, but tasty.My date ordered the fried chicken, but was bummed to find out that they only fry it for parties or 2 or more. Single fried chicken eaters have to opt for the grilled breasts instead. The truffle mac and cheese was just fair. The desserts were pretty good as we shared the creme brulee and root beer float. The root beer float is not on the regular menu, but the waitress brought one to us anyway. I had seen a few of them go by and it sounded tasty. Evidently, the float is part of the pre fixe menu that we were not aware of. Oh well, we got our float so we were happy.
2	I expected more from a Michael Mina restaurant. I had a great experience at XIV in LA, and thought that Stripsteak would be more of the same...sadly, it wasnt.The whole experience was just , eh...nothing to write home about. The apps and sides were good - roasted beets with walnut oil, oysters, foie gras sliders w/ borsch peas, truffled mac & cheese, potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream & onion, horseradish) -The biggest disappointment was the steak, after all its supposed to be a steakhouse.  I had the 18 oz. Bone-In Ribeye (dry-aged). You would think that this cut, dry-aged would be idiot proof, but it wasnt.  They overdid the done-ness, leaving the steak dry. The flavor was not rich either, which left me wondering if the steak was even dry-aged like the waiter said, and if it really was aged for the time period they stated. It made me glad I didnt get the Kobe Rib-eye, cause it probably would have been F'd up.
4	We went here for my aunt's 70th birthday. What a great choice.Service was pretty spot on- and everything was delicious.5  out of 6 of us ordered their American Kobe Beef Rib Cap. Medium Rare. This is a Steak, this is what mouth watering was based upon. You needn't venture to any other entree. Even your server will tell you that. The roasted onion garnish is surprising, yet perfectly harmonious. ($65)Everyone seemed to rave about the complementary fries, they were good, but I don't understand the hype.We began with half protions the Ceasar Salad- complete with anchovie, and when my Aunt wanted a little extra, they didn't hesitate to indulge in her request.Our Sommelier was 'sort of' helpful. My table was happy with my choice, but I think had he been a bit more descriptive or able to communicate with me, the wine would have been exceedingly more impressive and we might have spent a bit more on the bottle in the end.For sides, the Scalloped Potatoes were the most memorable and delicious of the four we chose. (mac and cheese, asparagus, ?)Dessert was a real treat. There was some kind of pecan maple carmel something or other dish with Beignets that was incredible.Our server was excellent, but I couldn't help but notice a table of 5 looking around uncomfortable for someone to help them throughout our Entire dessert. It was strange that no one came to greet them after being seated, and that they endured it. This leads me to believe that the service may not always be dependable.
5	This place is definitely 5 star status.  With the complimentary duck fat fries, and their potato bread skillet, you can already be pretty full midway through an entree you shared with whomever you came with.  I suggest you share an entree with your date and a couple sides.  A good appetizer to start with are the bacon wrapped lobster bites.  Yummy!  The aged bone in Rib Eye was flavorful.  Comes with a little onion and pepper, great with every bite.  No sauces like A-1 or Tabasco needed!  Haha!  The truffled mac and cheese was the best mac and cheese I have ever tasted.  You can definitely taste the truffle oil, but I love it!  We also ordered the creamed corn which was good too, but I have had better.All in all, great experience.  Pricey, but good quality, so it works!  Environment is OK, but not too fancy, so come casually dressed!  Have a glass of red wine too; great when paired with steak! =)
5	***short version***the wagyu rib cap was the best steak i've ever had. and the service was excellent. our server, katy, made the dinner a complete 5-star experience.***long version***as i walked in i asked our server if i could finish my can of beer at the table. "sure", katy said flashing a smile. yeah, i'm cheap and i hate spending money on expensive steaks and drinks. i was set to order one of the cheapest things on the menu (kobe burger at $20), when i mentioned to her that i've been disappointed every time i ordered a $30+ steak. she replied that their rib cap was the best steak she's ever had. she tried to explain what a rib cap was, but her friendliness was so disarming that i ordered it without fully understanding where on the cow the meat was coming from. i normally like medium, but i know medium-rare should be the way to go. she suggested something in between: medium-rare plus. i doubted her cooks' skills but she assured me that their temperature control was outstanding.what's a rib cap? i had to look it up when i got home. on a chunk of roast there's the familiar rib-eye loin and then that layer of fat along the top. when you cut away the eye, there's quite a bit of meat still attached to the fat. that's the rib-cap.out came the meat, and i immediately cut into it. it wasn't running blood, but it was still full of that that happy pink center you expect from a gently-cooked steak. (medium-rare plus!) after a vigorous discussion with my tablemates we settled on a description of the rib-cap: the robust flavor of the rib-eye, the tenderness of a filet, and the mouth-melting fat of pork belly. a trifecta worth the $60. the sides were awesome, but i couldn't stop loving each bite of my steak.katy checked in, and i was impressed that the product delivered. she noticed my can of pale ale was out, and suggested i try an ipa. wine just wouldn't do with this steak, and i got the feeling that katy was a beer kinda girl. i mentioned to the server extraordinaire, that the only problem i had with the rib-cap was after the first bite and subsequent beefy fatness melted and coated your mouth, the excitement of the next bite was slightly diminished. katy went back to the kitchen and brought out a small serving of coconut sorbet as a kind of intermezzo, palate cleanser. so my last bite was just like my first.
5	This was the 4th meal of the recent "Vegas Food Tour" that me and my other half decided to embark on. We LOVED this place. This was easily the best steakhouse we have ever eaten at! This place gives you a truly American vibe as soon as you walk through the door. From the dimmed lighting to the wooden table/chairs to the paper place mat, this was definitely American. Don't get me wrong though, this place is still very fancy. Not to mention all the freebies they give out! First freebie was the Duck Fat Fries which were... indescribably delicious. Don't take all the other review for granted, they are all completely accurate!  Second freebie, was the pizza bread. I wasn't really a fan of this, it was just way too dense and dry for my liking, and not to mention filling. I wanted to save my stomach for the STEAK. The third freebie we got was from our waiter Steve, at the end of the meal he gave us two packs of caramel/chocolate covered popcorn to enjoy during our Mystere show we were going to after dinner, very nice gesture, and we of course tipped him accordingly. =)With all the freebies we got we decided to go ahead and skip the appetizers and go straight for wine. I ordered a Red Syrah Wine from Sonoma (I think) and she ordered a Pinot Noir (location unknown), I thought both were good, but we ended up switching because she felt that the Pinot was tasteless and I thought it was light and amazing.Meat:We were actually intending to get the Japanese Wagyu but according to Steve they won't be carrying it for another few months due to a MAD COW breakout in Japan. BOO MAD COW! Regardless, the American Wagyu did not disappoint. I suckered her into getting the American Kobe Rib Eye and I got the Rib Cap. FYI: the Rib Cap is 10 TIMES better than the Rib Eye. The steaks were perfectly cooked to our specifications, Medium Rare. Both pieces of meat were delicious but the marbling of the fat in between the crevices of meat in the Rib Cap made it that much more easier to melt in your mouth than the Rib Eye. But please don't take it the wrong way, the Rib eye was still one of the best Rib Eyes I have ever had. Sides:We ended up getting two sides and sharing, which was more than enough. We got the truffled mac and cheese and the jalapeno creamed corn. We already made our decision that we were getting the truffled mac because of all the reviews. One word described this dish... BOLD. The flavor was bold and I liked it but I could only have so much. The jalapeno creamed corn on the other hand I could have probably ate the whole bowl. It was a perfect combination of creaminess with a hint of spice to give it a kick. It was very very very good.Dessert:We got the Beignets with creme brulee. The beignets came out warm with dusted powder sugar on top. And the creme brulee was well... creme brulee, nothing too special. It was a delicious end to our meal nonetheless.This is a definite must eat at spot in Vegas. We were torn between Cut and StripSteak and I think we made the right decision. Next time we are getting the Japanese Wagyu!!
2	Over hyped!Picked this place for dinner with some friends because of the great reviews on here but I felt like I was tricked. The complimentary trio of duck fat fries were okay, the middle one actually had a weird after taste that I didn't like. The complimentary potato foccacia bread was stale, I was only able to manage a small bite out of it. So for starters, the two complimentary items failed in my book.Then came the main course. One of my friends and I shared the lamb which our waiter had recommended. They split it up onto two plates for us which was nice and actually, the lamb was pretty good. I'm not sure if it was really good or if it was just the best out of what I tried that night. I definitely had better lamb before though but this one was not bad. I ordered it medium rare and it came out just right. The mac-n-cheese that our waiter said was "amazing" was far from it. It was alright, tastes like mac-n-cheese I could make from a box. What I really didn't like was the broccoli in it. The broccoli flavor overpowered the mac-n-cheese in my opinion. Definitely not "amazing".  Two of my friends ordered steak and one ordered the smoked salmon. She said it was alright but couldn't finish it because it wasn't that good. She was actually sick the next morning. This restaurant was definitely not the experience I was expecting based on the other reviews. The service was slow and the food was nothing special. If I'm going to pay that much for dinner I expect everything to taste good if not great. Definitely pass and go to Craftsteak instead.
4	We returned to Stripsteak over the weekend to use a restaurant.com $50 GC. I'm glad we had the excuse to return. This second visit was better than our first. The menu has been revamped a bit since then.We had focaccia and duck fat fries to start. They were tasty just like before. This time we also had lobster fritters. They were flavorful bites, tender lobster wrapped in bacon and fried. Hard to go wrong there. Next up was lamb and short rib with sides of creamed jalapeno corn and shallot potato cakes. It was all nicely presented and well prepared. All in all, it was a very yummy meal.
5	Wow. I know Vegas has dozens of great restaurants and it is so tempting to try them all, but I have no issue foregoing a new place next time to return to STRIPSTEAK. I was recently in LV staying at THEhotel and visited STRIPSTEAK on consecutive days. We actually stopped in for the Happy Hour which turned out to be a great deal. From 4-7pm all the apps were 1/2 off and beers were $3. Over the two days I ordered, split, and/or tried the following: Duck Fat Fries, Skirt Steak, Crab Cakes, Kobe Sliders, and Lobster Fritters. First off, none of them disappointed and some of them (crab cakes, and fries) I had the first night and went with again on the second. The DFF's were great. Each fry matched it's sauce perfectly. The skirt steak I will save for last. The crab cakes were the most unique I've ever had. Usually you think of a handcrafted pan sauteed cake. I have no clue how they got this crab cake so perfectly shaped (probably a mold) and so crispy but it was amazing. Not short on crab and had the right amount of of kick, great dish. Next were the Kobe Sliders. For those of you who claim you can't taste the difference between regular beef and Kobe or grass fed beef, there is a McDonald's right across the street from Mandalay. The sliders were seasoned well and the whole burger was delicious. The lobster fritters were, you guessed it, great. So very light and fluffy and a light creme fraiche to accompany it. Last and very much the best was the skirt steak. I actually didn't believe it was skirt steak because of the tenderness. I was lead to believe skirt was a very tough cut and expected it to be very chewy. Quite the contrary, this steak melted in your mouth. That, along with tasting out of this world in terms of seasoning, made this my favorite dish. The last thing of note was the service. A+. We had the same two bartenders serve us both nights and there were awesome. Two of the most easy going friendly dudes ever. They were right on top of things but weren't over bearing, it was almost like they could read our minds. They featured a homemade blended drink serve with one massive ice cube (apparently from a 20k ice maker) that was a blend of two different types of liquor (i asked but now forget which two) and is mixed with some fruit and other ingredients over a lengthy process and then put out in a colander sitting on a bed of ice. It runs for $14 a glass and the guys had no problem letting us try it. It tasted excellent, almost like an Orange flavor reminding me of Grand Marnier. Overall, it was enjoyable and worth the small priced compared to what it costs to get a mixed drink at every other bar, restaurant, and club in Las Vegas.
5	Coming here was a bit random.  I was staying at theHotel at Mandalay Bay and a group of us decided to hit the Happy Hour special after a nice run on the craps tables.  I am sure glad we did.I ordered/tried only appetizers this time around.  The list includes Skirt Steak, Oysters, Tiger Prawns, Crab Cakes, Duck Fat Fries, Lobster Fitters and Kobe Sliders.  I could write on and on about how good everything was, but I'll keep this short.The Skirt Steak was remarkable.  I'd say it was about an 8oz serving and had a chimichurri sauce over it.  Perfectly grilled to my liking.  It was almost as tender as filet.  The steak had a nice char on the outside.  Just perfection all around.My next favorite the Kobe Sliders.  I'll admit I've never had the pleasure of having a full Kobe steak at any restaurant.  I sort of think it is overhyped, but these were sublime.  They were small, but for the amount of food we ordered, it was a perfect size.  If you go to their Happy Hour, they are 50% off ($10 instead of $20), order 2 orders, they are that good.The Duck Fat Fries were great.  There were 3 different kinds.  Most reviews have written about them, but I am reiterating how good they were.  The middle ones with the truffle aioli was the best of the bunch.My next trip to Vegas, hopefully sooner than later, I will be stopping here to try a full meal.  The bartenders commented repeatedly how good their Rib Cap Steak is.  Gotta try it.
4	Yep -- the duck fat fries are delish!  This place is, indeed, expensive but it is completely worth it.  We visited in August, and it was one of the best meals we had in Vegas.I ordered the chicken breast and truffled mac and cheese.  The chicken breast was amazing -- good portion size and very juicy and succulent.  The truffled mac and cheese was just ok though.  I also tried the sea scallops and they were amazing!!  They were huge and tender -- would definitely order them next time.The service was great, the wine list was great -- everything was great!
3	Happy hour in vegas. Yum and cheap. 4-7pm. Ask for the truffles duck fat fries. Delicious. The oysters were small but tasty. Cocktails are 6 bucks. Kobe sliders come with 2. And strip steak is pre cut 16 oz. With chinchurri. Which was a good deal at 18 bucks. Everything in the bar menu is half off.
5	I've been wanting to try a Michael Mina restaurant, but since they're mostly seafood, this was my best option - and what a treat!Duck fat fries - yum.  I wish they weren't so yummy because I could not come close to finishing my meal.Foccacia - eh.  Everything else was better, so skip this and save room for the good stuff.I got the beet salad with burratta cheese.  I must confess that I love burratta.  I want to take it home and cuddle with it.  When my husband asked for a bite of it, I had a serious internal debate before I decided that sharing was good for my marriage.  The beets were also delicious, but this was all about the cheese for me.  My husband got the wedge salad which was good but not anything out of the ordinary.For dinner, I got the skirt steak and husband got the short rib.  The short rib was delicious and tender and well sauced.  But I won with the skirt steak.  Meltingly tender, deliciously seasoned.  We also got the scalloped potatoes and the mushrooms which were both fabulous, but the meat was totally the star.We also had an excellent Spanish Rioja (a new kick we're on) recommended by the sommelier.  It was so good in fact, we reminisced about it the next night as we sat at the bar at Il Mulino while waiting for our table.  So good, that we determined that if the hostess couldn't get her act together and get us seated by the end of our cocktails, we would pay the check and hop in a cab back over to Mandalay.So our second meal at Stripsteak was just as good.  I pretty much got the same thing again, but with the truffled mac n cheese instead of the potatoes.  Oh my was that good mac n cheese.  I will dream about that meal.My husband got the bisque and the lamb and thoroughly enjoyed.  But we still agreed that the skirt steak was one of the best meats ever.I give this 5 yummy stars.  Twice.
4	This is a very nice, modern steakhouse. You definitely feel trendy and special when you dine here.   The waitress was super nice, I felt like I was getting a lesson on everything we ordered...detailed explanation on how it's prepared and where it comes from etc.  There were 3 of us and I think the meal came out to about $400? Not sure, cause I didn't pay.  However, it could possibly be cheaper, cause we ordered a bottle of wine that was about $100 and my steak was like $70.  I wish I would of written this review earlier, so that I could remember in detail what I ordered...but I do remember that we were all very satisfied with the food.  I liked this place, but prob wouldn't come here again unless I got a significant pay increase at my job or come on a date that pays for the dinner!
5	One of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  My boyfriend took me here for my 25th birthday and everything about this place and their food was just absolutely stunning and amazing.I suggest the spinach with bacon cream, and the potato puree trio. but whatever you get will be awesome.  MY FAVORITE WAS THE STEAK TARTARE and we had the kansas city strip yum yum yum! i'm coming back and that's final.p.s. everyone greeted me happy birthday...it was such a special experience.
4	Free duck fat fries? $50 restaurant.com gift certificate at 80% off? Deal!We came here back in January just after our wedding. This was our first meal on our pre-honeymoon so it had to be good!The vibe was very sexy and trendy sans the snoot factor.  I chose the prix fixe menu with the rib eye upgrade. This was accompanied by 3 small side dishes: truffle mac & cheese, creamed spinach and a 3rd that I can't quite recall at the moment but I remember being very satisfied. Hubs dined from the regular menu and had the Kobe rib cap or was it the eye? I just remember thinking that it was a wee bit tiny so I was generous enough to share some of my rib eye with him. That's love. Knowing that $50 would be knocked off our bill helped make the meal more gratifying.  Would we return? Perhaps.  I still have many other steak joints to try out before I find a fav.
5	TIP: Sometimes they have $50 certificates on http://restaurant.com. we were seated promptly but felt our waiter was a bit slow to take our order and check up on us from time to time. Not sure if that's normal or not.Scallops were outstanding! Sides were delish! Truffle Mac and Cheese...Does it get any better?? I THINK NOT!!!All in all, a very nice meal food wise at an upscale steakhouse.Oh ya... and the duck fries were literally drool worthy! and I am a pescatarian and I actually ate the fries...Shame on me..but OH SOOOOO WORTH IT!!Would DEFINITELY go again :)
1	Here's the short version: Worst possible dining experience, no exaggeration. Wrong reservation, terrible service, bad food, and promises broken for a business dinner with our best client.Here's the long version: Came here for a business dinner for our most important client on a recommendation. We made our reservation for their private dining area 2 months in advance to coincide with a trade show. Confirmed our reservation a week or two in advance as well. I checked in with the hostess with about half of our 20+ party there. They said our table would be ready soon and to let them know when our entire party was there. Our entire party arrived about 5 minutes later and I informed them that all were present and she said our table would be ready in a few minutes. After another 5 minutes I check to see if our table was ready. Said it would be soon, just a few minutes. After another 5 minutes I asked about our table and again the answer was soon. Not a good thing to keep a large group and important clients waiting 15 minutes for a private room that was supposed to be reserved. Finally we were told our tables were ready but it was just that, normal tables in their regular dining area. We informed them that their must be a mistake since we specifically reserved their private dining room. We were given some attitude and told that we were mistaken but they would look into it. They quickly learned from their group reservation department that their was some sort of lack or mix-up of communication between them and the hostess. The general manager shows up and began to sweat and apologize to us a thousand times. Nothing could be done at the time because they had already given away tables in their private dining area. There was only an approximate estimate of an hour wait to move to that area. We decided to start at the tables we had and move if the private area became available soon. Fortunately they said they would be able to move us to the private area after 20 minutes so we headed over. Unfortunately it was not a private room but just a semi-private area partially enclosed by glass walls. And there were still some other diners in the area but we were assured the tables would remain empty once they finished. After all of this drama I thought to myself "hopefully the food is AMAZING and redeems this entire mess." However, I was thoroughly disappointed. The blue crab chowder was too salty, the prime rib was mediocre at best (I'd rather have Bellagio buffet prime rib), and the desserts were forgetful. In addition, the service was pretty poor. A number of us had finished our drinks and had empty glasses on our table. They remained empty on our table for at least 20-30 minutes. When I had my water refilled I asked them to take away my other empty glass. It was taken away but all of the other empty glasses were ignored. It was bizarre to me that this simple task was overlooked, especially after the general manager said that he would make sure that we were taken care of and serviced well. He also mentioned that he would give us additional drinks and food and not charge us. After we received the final bill that didn't seem to be the case and it looked like we were charged the full amount. What added insult to this all was that the other tables in our semi-private dining area didn't remain empty, they continued to fill them with new diners. We spent about $5000 for the worst possible dining experience on clients who do over $50 million in business with us.
5	I order a steak about four times a year.  Of those experiences I've enjoyed some exceptional pieces of beef in DC, Philly, Chicago, and NYC.  I have yet to try Minetta Tavern or Carnevino (only drinks), but until I hit those establishments, StripSteak is top of the heap.  My wife and I each ordered a filet; her's was outstanding, but my Kobe filet was the greatest thing I have ever eaten.  The taste and texture was one of a kind.  We also devoured the creamed spinach and truffle mac and cheese.  And of course, as everyone else has said the fries (gratis) are unbelievable.  We had to wait about 40 minutes, but it was a saturday and we did not have reservations.  thankfully, mandaly bay provides entertainment in the form of craps tables...in addition to its amazing steakhouse.
2	Stripsteak was good, but definitely not worth the price.  The best part of the meal was the free dipping sauces and french fries.  The atmosphere is also weird because it is very "open" and feels like you are eating at a mall.  Try N9NE, Strip House, or Craftsteak for a steak on the strip.
3	Not my favorite Las Vegas steak experience.We arrived on time for our reservation and waited 15 minutes for our table.  It took our waitress another few minutes to arrive, give us menus, etc.  She seemed disinterested the entire time and rarely checked in on us.  We had to ask for refills on our water, alcohol, etc.The duck fat fries were amazing, as were their accompanying sauces.  Michael Mina, and his obsession with threes, did well with the three types of fries and sauces.The steak wasn't amazing.  It pains me to type that.  I expected to bite into that steak and be like "mmmmmmmmm" but it was more like "mmm."The sides I tried were excellent - the truffle mac and cheese was outstanding and the flavors and textures of the creamed spinach made my mouth happy.The bathrooms were filthy.With so many amazing steak places in Vegas, I expected more here.  Ah well.
5	Three words: Duck Fat Fries!! Dear lawd. They are heaven! And they were on the happy hour menu. Me and the girls met up with another friend and one of my friends sister to catch up and we picked STRIPSTEAK. We also order the Lobster Grilled Cheese with tomato soup, crabcakes, onion rings, truffled mac and cheese, and scalloped potatoes with goat cheese and caramelized onions. Yes it seems like alot of food but there were 5 of us and we had also had a few cocktails so we were hungry. Believe me, they were all DIVINE!!! I cannot wait to get the chance to go back and have dinner because I know that that will be a treat in itself.
4	I've eaten here twice in the past 30 days. Obsession? Maybe. But when you consider that the first experience CHANGED MY LIFE, it's no surprise. I had ordered the filet au poivre, truffled mac 'n cheese, and the grilled beets with burrata. Everything was amazing, especially the service. My martini was impeccable.Why then have I given it only four stars? Well, the next time I returned I ordered precisely the same things, with the exception of the martini and beets. Don't judge me, I'm on a budget. My filet this second time was lukewarm when served, my wine tasted like it had sat in a decanter for far too many weeks... Yes, weeks... And the au poivre sauce this time was a tad watery. The mac n' cheese was spot on, however! As was the service. I can't complain though. For a restaurant that had me paralyzed with delight after the first bite, I'll allow a temperature flaw once.I can't wait till next time! (which, given my record as of late, should be any day now)
3	After trying StripSteak for a second time, I have to stand by my original review.  My boyfriend and I decided to come for our anniversary because we had something set up for us.My boyfriend ordered the Kobe Filet and I ordered the mesquite grilled scallops, both served a la carte.  Nothing special about my scallops, I could have made them at home on a mesquite grill.We started off with the crab cake and crispy duck thigh appetizer.  I have to say neither of those were anything spectacular.   Actually, as we were eating them, I wished we had ordered something else. For sides, we ordered the potato puree trio and the spinach souffle.  Both, again just ok.  The spinach souffle was unique which I liked, but the potatoes were just three different kinds: horseradish, lobster, and sour cream and onion.  They also always bring out the trio of fries with the appropriate accompanying sauces and foccaccia bread as appetizers. For dessert we finished off with their chocolate mousse dessert which I wish I hadn't eaten.All I'm saying is for the hefty price of $74 for a piece of meat, you would expect everything to be amazing.I'm done with you Stripsteak.  Sionara
3	To be honest nothing really special.  The steak was good full of flavor and pretty good.  The decor of the place is nice.  I ordered the angus ribeye.  The steak was pretty good but very pricey.  The complementarity fries were delicious.  But i felt it didn't really live up to the hefty price tag.
2	There's a few ways you can look at a restaurant but a review should include all the different perspectives.  Quality of food:  The food here is good.  Not great (4star) not amazing (5 star) just good.  The steaks were cooked perfectly how you ask and they have a pretty decent rub on them.  They are aged and tender as one would expect from any big name steak house.  They gave us a complimentary selection of pommes frittes which were delectable and the truffled mac and cheese was tasty.  However, not a single one of these items mentioned above was better than a 3.5 star rating.  You could argue that my palate cannot discern the difference between the beefs, but I would like to at least think I can tell the difference between a grain fed cow and one that is massaged by the japanese from kobe.  It also could just be that I've had so many steakhouse steaks that an aged piece of prime beef with a generic rub of salt/pepper just is old hat to me.  Service: The service is very good.  As expected from any high end vegas restaurant, they were very attentive and always served you with a smile.  I was amused with the sommelier we saw opening a bottle of wine.  You see, our table was right next to the small station where they open all the bottles of wine.  One table ordered one with a synthetic wine cork.  I know from experience those things are a B*^%@ to open.  It was comforting to know that a man who drinks and dispenses wine for a living also has problems with said cork.Ambiance: Dimly lit, contemporary decor, open kitchen with the meat locker right next to it.  The restaurant is a great place for a date.  Price: This is where I felt they fall WAY short.  We walked out of there for about 70 to 80 per person.  This included a steak and a side.  The lady got a sirloin steak and i got the ribeye.  If you've been out, you know that the sirloin is the cheaper of the few cuts.  That's why I was surprised that the total bill was pushing over 150.  Dont' get me wrong, the strip steak was great.  The ribeye was good.  But in all honesty, I'd rather go to Ruth's Chris or Flemmings where they have something unique.  The broiled steak with butter.  Quality of the meat MIGHT not be as good but it doesn't fall too far away from that at Stripsteak.After going to Michael Mina's in Bellagio and coming here. I was excited at first but disappointed after leaving.
3	It was good.. but not GREAT. They offered two complimentary appetizers to begin with:1. 3 small selections of pommes frites: paprika, truffle, and duck fat each accompanied with their own dipping sauce.my favorite has got to be the truffle pommes frites. 2. garlic / cheese / rosemary flatbread.As expected the price was high. But for what I've ordered: a 12oz skirt steak, medium-rare. I expected to have better presentation. Not just a slab of beef on a white plate with a half sliced baby carrot and small roasted onion as the side. I guess i was expecting a little more show for the price i'm paying.My steak was cooked perfectly and it was juicy (well it BETTER be for the price i'm paying). But it was nothing special. I don't know - it's hard to explain.. I mean i enjoyed my steak, but it was not memorable.I ordered a side of truffle mac & cheese. I enjoyed it a lot. It definitely has the truffle and cheese - i dont mind eating the whole thing by myself.My friend ordered a seared ahi tuna steak.. which was not good at all. the tuna did not have any fresh tuna taste (not saying it was not fresh.. but a good tuna has a fresh taste).. this one here was kinda bland. like a fake watered down tuna taste (dunno if that even make sense, but that's how i'd describe it). I know i know, why would u even order fish at a steakhouse, right? but hey, i still think that if you're going to charge people that price, at least make it LOOK good, even if it doesn't taste good. The presentation for each dish was kinda boring.
3	I liked that they gave us complimentary bread and fries.  I liked that they kept filing my glass with water.  And I like that my food came out quickly.  I had my ahi tuna, which came out as a filet. Nice and plump.  However, everything here was just decent for me.  Nothing spectacular.
4	great place to visit. food were really good but our server was a kind of mean. still give em 4 stars because of food.
5	I can't help but update my review with another 5 star update.  Forgive me Father (though I am Jewish) for I have sinned....sinning at Stripsteak!  How does one sin at a restaurant?  Well I am in Vegas for goodness sake!2nd time I was there...my friend and I got our meal paid for by 40 drunk men participating in a Bacehlor party...she and I just wished we knew about it before we finished our meals.  We would have ordered a Kobe steak!3rd time was a special treat.  Said friend and I finally treated Vegas the way it was meant to be treated!  And the employees at Stripsteak were more than happy to oblige.  (Wish I could indulge exactly what happened....but what happens in Vegas...well you know the rest) Again, meals were paid for, but this time she and I lived it up by ordering the Kobe Rib Eye, Macaroni and Cheese (OMG!) and a bunch of oysters!  And the Merlot that was served was perfect for this type of meal.Can't wait when I go back this month...what wild stories I may have then!!!
5	I did not eat food here. My friends and I mainly stopped to grab a drink at the bar after a Cirque show. I had the cucumber martini and it was amazing! I didn't tast any alcohol- which I prefer. It tasted just like a cucumber. I can imagine how refreshing this drink must be on a hot summer day. The bar staff was very friendly as well.
4	After dining at Il Mulino, L'Atelier, Julian Serrano, our last dinner was at Stripsteak for the 3 course Prix Fixe dinner at $55/person and we ended on a positive note. First course: Blue crab chowder--chunks of crab but soup was a bit thin OR bibb salad with blue cheese dressing--good choice if you're going to overdose on the meat and carbs to come. Second course: slow poached prime rib--okay, but I still like PR the traditional way OR pay extra $10 for the ribeye steak--juicy, flavorful and worth the supplement. Third course: rootbeer float with choc chip cookies still warm from the oven--yes, this is the perfect ending to a rich meal. I loved the generous scoop of ice cream with sarsaparilla. In addition, we got pommes frites with different dippings that were excellent, and the sides to the entrees included truffle mac and cheese, creamed spinach, sliced brussels sprouts with bacon bits. You go away feeling really full!   The service was attentive and understanding, especially since I accidentally knocked over my wine, the glass broke and wine spilled all over our entrees. They cleaned up efficiently and brought us new entrees in about 5 minutes. I would return for another great steak dinner, especially since this prix fixe is available all evening and is a great value.
3	I ordered the Filet Mignon. Steak was a little too salty and cooked just passed medium rare. I also had asparagus and the scalloped potatoes, they were both drizzled with a white sauce which was OK tasting. The complimentary fries cooked in duck fat were a nice snack before my meal but will pass on a return visit.
4	So I decided to give in and try a fancy schmancy place on the strip over the weekend. Usually I try to avoid restaurants on the Strip because they're overcrowded, overpriced and in general the wait is to long. Luckily I had to join my friend as she was meeting a group at StripSteak for happy hour. Walking up to the restaurant, we were generously greeted by the Assistant GM Miss Ashley and the rest of her hosting staff. Our group was easily accommodated since the happy hour was pretty dead. According to Miss Ashley, that was rare on a Saturday night. To me, it was luck because I would then be able to assess a fair review on this place. The bar area is fairly small, I would say that the big comfy purple seats do tend to take up a lot of space within that bar area that it really wasn't an ideal place for a group of 8 to be sitting. Plus we made it a little difficult for the wait staff to maneuver around. Their happy hour drink & food menu is reasonably priced. I would highly recommend their specialty, the cucumber martinish drink, it was quite refreshing and a great summertime drink. And this means a lot since I'm more of a beer drinker. The raspberry lemonade & mojitos were just ok, maybe a little to weak, but again that's just my opinion. My friend and I decided to try dinner so we asked the staff for a table in the dining area and were quickly accommodated. Right away we were greeted with complimentary duck fries, which we also had ordered during happy hour. These fries are cooked in duck fat so don't worry it's not any crazy duck part, which I would have hoped for. There are three different rings of fries - paprika smoked, truffle and garlic Parmesan. The sauces were just ok, it was the general concept of ketchup, BBQ sauce and truffle aioli but of course more upscale. I preferred to munch on the suckers without any of the sauces. Our waiter, Steve, was awesome. He highly recommended the Rib Cap & Filet Mignon, along with a side of truffle mac & cheese and honestly it was phenomenal. The Filet Mignon was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and just melted in your mouth. The Rib cap, which is the end part of the rib eye, was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The truffle mac & cheese was definitely the best truffle mac & cheese I have experienced in a while. Most tend to be dry but this one was moist and also had pieces of broccoli that it never lost it's flavor. We also had a side of asparagus with a horseradish blanc sauce. I couldn't complain about anything. At first I laughed at the portion size but then as we kept eating I was actually pretty full. Also it might have been the alcohol we had prior to dinner! And me not knowing if you are allowed to take a doggy bag from such places, found the inner strength to finish our food, it truly was like a scene out of Man vs Food. But wait, we weren't done! WTH? Steve charmed us into trying dessert, I figured what the heck, let's go all out! We ordered the beignets with their chocolate butterscotch pudding. Whew! I think I was getting drunk off the pudding, I might have been able to light a fire. However, the beignets were soft and moist and perfectly fried. Overall the ambiance of StripSteak is great, perfect for a date or just to people watch from the bar. It did tend to get busier as the night progressed. Yes it's quite pricey but honesty I have to say it was the best experience I have had in a while at a Strip restaurant. Michael Mina did a phenomenal job with this place and all the employees were great. To see the AGM serving drinks, chatting with customers, waiting on guests, cleaning tables and bringing out checks says a lot about the employee morale. She helped making the dining experience that much better.The only thing I would say is that yes the meat platters need to have a little more presentation. Maybe had a sprig of rosemary or something, just to give it a little more color and pizzazz.. Food for thought - 1) make sure you have reservations 2) make sure you give yourself enough time to have dinner as our evening lasted over 4 hours 3) if you can't stomach rich food, be aware that some of their steaks are cooked with butter. Yay for TUMS! 4) All sides are al a carte so expect to pay over $100 for a 2 person dinner.
5	This is either the best steakhouse I've ever been to or it's in the top two. Items ordered (with my comments):AppsDuck fat Fries - Truffle sauce was my favoriteFilet Tartare - Wonderful! You must get this.Duck - Very good.Entrees8oz American Kobe Rib Cap - One of, if not the best steak I've ever had.8oz American Kobe Kobe Filet - Good.18oz Dry-Aged Bone-in Rib eye - 2nd best steak I tried. I would order this every time if the Rib Cap was not available.SidesMac & Cheese truffled - Amazing! Get this too!Potato Puree Trio - Lobster and horseradish were my favorite.Baby Brussels Sprouts - A little salty, but really good.Roasted Mushrooms - DeliciousScalloped Potatoes - GoodI was fortunate that we had a lot of people there and we all shared items. If I was ever going by myself, this would be my order:AppFriesFilet TartareEntree8oz American Kobe Rib Cap or 18oz Dry-Aged Bone-in Rib eye (edge to Rib Cap)SideMac & Cheese truffled
3	Stripsteak is a Michael Mina restaurant in Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas. Start with duck and sashimi .. The duck appetizer was fantastic. 5. Sashimi was awesome too, and the nice touch is that there was real wasabe and not the pasty generic kind. Tasty and sentious : 4.75 out of 5.Ginger beer nice selection, as suggested by the server when I ordered ginger ale. 4.5Flight of fries was cute and noshy.. very bistro chic. 4.5Marrow : delicious and rich. Served with perfectly sized toastettes... 5Dry aged rib eye 3.5 out of 5. Hate to say it, but a bit too much marbling and gristle. I would rate the meat quality as a choice cut, but not prime or Angus. Also, I would have expected the steak to be served decently hot, but it came to the table cooler than being let to rest after cooking.  The smokey (Alder) was a bit more overwhelming than expected and I felt it impeded the taste you should be getting from proper aged beef.  I know I'm being a bit critical here, but I have had awesome creations from Mina and know he can purvey far better. Maybe it was an off night.. Noise: dang loud. But it's Vegas. Service: Decent but seemingly with slow dips. I was disappointed with a few things though. The server was very nice for the most part but did two things a server should not do:First:  Please never clear one diner's plate before the other diner has finished the course. IT isn't proper etiquette. Second:  when offered the taste of the ginger beer, it truly was a good selection. I hadn't even drank the ginger ale yet. The server was a tad patronizing in stating she would get me the ginger beer as well, and did not remove the ginger ale from the tab. Partially my fault for not asking for a taste, but the proper manner should have been to be offered a taste first before bringing me both. I know it wasn't malicious.. and it was during the Consumer Electronics Show, so she may have had her fill with attendees that didn't know proper dining etiquette.  2/5I say overall itWould I go back? Yes.. Kinda like learning a new country and their customs, I know what to focus on more. I'll be back in Vegas in a few weeks and will give them a try again because I do see the potential.
4	DUCK FAT FRIES.Seriously.
5	Have been to many of the "best" Las Vegas steak restaurants and Stripsteak is our favorite. Duck fat fries are good, primarily because they are complimentary. They are crispy french fries with great dipping sauces and seasonings. I wouldn't make a special trip here just for the fries though. Focaccia, mac and cheese and creamed corn were fabulous! So was the steak! We had the filet. It was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The service was excellent and right on par with what you would expect for a restaurant of this caliber. My husband and I split the filet due to my dietary restrictions. Some servers at other restaurants were noticeably unhappy about the reduced pp check avg. The server at Stripsteak continued to provide exceptional service throughout the meal, even though we did split the steak.
5	REALLY loved this place. Food was excellent but service and atmosphere made all the difference. The second you sit down wait staff arrives with a trio of french fries and sauces. Yum! And a mini cast iron skillet of yummy bread. Sashimi appetizer was good qualtiy, nothing super special. Got bone in prime rib and KC strip steak. Get the bone in, it was ridiculously delicious. Strip was good, just not special. Mushrrom side was great. Mac/chs good.
5	My favorite steak house by my favorite chef, Michael Mina.  They used to have grits with shaved truffle as a side and those were amazing--and I don't like grits--so sad when I went 2 months ago and they were no longer on the menu.  Brussels sprouts side--I don't like Brussels sprouts and these were super tasty (I think they normally have bacon in them but we had asked for them without).  The appetizer special last time I went was braised veal cheek--wow, so tender and flavorful--I loved this!  I think I'm considered strange and love skirt steak.  This cut just has so much flavor.  It doesn't have that ohh ahh people say about ribeye...but I still love skirt steak.  Steaks here have a smokey flavor which I love.  Try Stripsteak and I promise you will want to try some of Michael Mina's other establishments, like American Fish (Aria hotel, LV) and Michael Mina (Bellagio hotel, LV).
5	Best steak we've all collectively ever had.  Better than Ruths and all the others.  Sizes & Apps pretty good.  They get a 5 for the Ribeye, Duckfat Fries & Mac n Cheese.  Just so tender and tasty meat flavor.
2	Way overpriced for what you get.  Wasn't bad, but wasn't great.
5	By far one of my favorite Vegas restaurants!!! This place is just amazing...I really have nothing bad to say about it at all.  Whenever I eat here, I just feel euphoria!  The food is that amazing!  If you decide to dine in, definitely make reservations just to be on the safe side.  The wine list is incredible, so many amazing wines to choose from.  As an appetizer, definitely go with the Duck Fat Fries!!! I also had the West Coast Oysters and the East Coast Oysters appetizer plates, but I do prefer the East Coast more! You won't go wrong with the American Kobe beef burger or the American Kobe beef steak...they are a must have!!!  I can't wait till they are able to import the Japanese Kobe beef...that is what I am waiting for and definitely worth the wait, so I hear!!!  As side dishes, the spinach, asparagus, macaroni, mushrooms, scalloped potatoes are all good.  Like I said earlier, this is by far one of my fav places to dine out in Vegas!!!  I know that I will have an amazing experience every time!  The service is also amazing and they are on point with everything!
4	Steak? Yes please!I can't get enough of good ol red meat. I have tried the lamb, ribeye and NY strip here. All to die for and all cooked to perfection. What sold me more than any of that were the sides. They were the best part of my meal. That's hard to do when there's a nice juicy steak sitting in front of me, but the brussel sprouts, mushrooms and french fries stole the show. All delicious, all the time. The vibe here is pretty great too. Perfect for out of town guests, a date with your honey or a family night out. This place is versatile and has a great atmostphere. The servers are all really friendly and helpful too. Come for happy hour, it's pretty groovy.Definitely worth a trip to the strip.
5	Amazing steak house.  I ate here last week and had the ribeye which was to DIE for!!!!!  The chef also treats you to a sampling of the different french fries which is also amazing.  My other favorite steak house is Michael Jordan's @ mohegan sun in CT.  This place is AMAZING, if you love steak this place is for you.
5	Wow this was a great meal. The food overall tonight was simply amazing. Some dishes were a miss but most of them were amazing. The way the restaurant looked was beautiful. A big seating area with exceptional service. The complimentary duck fat fries set off a great tone. Three different duck fat fries flavors with three different sauces. I was very impressed with this complimentary dish that I was going to ask for more. For my main course I ordered the wagyu kobe filet. I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked. It tasted so soft and flavorful. One of the best steaks I've ever had. The sides I tried were the potato puree, asparagus, spinach souflee, truffle mac and cheese, and crab cakes. My favorites were the potato puree which was a very soft whipped mashed potato in three different flavors. Amazing presentation and amazing tastes. My other favorite was the truffle mac and cheese. I just couldn't get enough of that thing. This is how all my meals should be. Recommendation: Wagyu filet steak, truffle mac and cheese, and potatoe puree
5	Most amazing steak I've ever had!!This place is all it's cracked up to be and more.1st they start you off with their house special complimentery fries. 3 diff flavors.  Herb, truffle, and paprika. Each with their own dipping sauce. Very tasty.For the main course, I went with 8oz kobe cap. Hands down the best steak I have ever had!!! My fiance had the fillet mignon. Also very good but doesn't hold a candle to the kobe cap. For sides we went with the truffled mac n cheese which was basically a party in your mouth with every bite. A MUST..and an asparagus dish which was very yummy a well.I highly recommend this place!!!
4	oh love...the meal starts with an "amuse" of triple fries courtesy of the chef.. and boy they are all delicious and i wanted more at the end.our table ordered the ribeye, filet mignon and the kansas city. the filet was delicious but the ribeye was amazing.we also ordered the scalloped potatoes for the table. really delicious but very heavy.. one or two bites will make your heart melt.for dessert they had a mini donut special with dark chocolate and carmel sauce that was divine. ill be back here when im in vegas again!
5	Awesome service, excellent food. I ate so much I felt like I was going to pop but it was all so good that I could not leave anything behind. I ate a beet salad with burata cheese, duck fat fries, bacon wrapped lobster skewers, truffled mac & cheese, & a steak. Wow, enough food for about 3 people but there was absolutely nothing left on the plate when I walked away. If the food was anything less than great I would not have eaten it all... Do yourself a favor & eat here
4	This place gets really packed during dinner, so make reservations if anything. The restaurant itself is very nice and attire is business casual.The hostess takes you to your table to be seated and she actually takes the napkin and places it on your lap... which was weird for me.The service here is awesome and very attentive. They refill your water before it even reaches half way. They come to check on you every 15 minutes or so to make sure everything is fine.The dry-aged bone-in rib eye was cooked perfectly for me. It was tender and moist. The spinach was good and so was the scalloped potatoes. I The mac n cheese was good but I'm not a fan of truffles.They also give you complimentary fries while waiting for your food. It's cooked three different ways and comes with three different dipping sauces.
4	Update:To my splendid surprise, the manager of Stripsteak, Ashley, saw my review on yelp and invited me back for complimentary appetizers and drinks. As far as customer service goes, this is the best I've experienced. Ashley really made me feel welcomed.I ordered the maine crab chowder and the lobster fritter:Crab Chowder: this soup was fantastic. The chunks of crab in the soup were huge and incredibly fresh. The soup itself was silky smooth, flavorful and reminded you of the sea.Lobster fritter: these fritters were also really good. they look like miniature corn dogs but with bacon wrapped lobster in a light batter. Per Ashley's instructions, you are to squeeze the lime onto the fritter, then dabble a good amount of creme fresh, and then wrap it in butter lettuce. The results were short of genius. The butter lettuce gave it a good balance to offset any oiliness the batter may have. p.s. Order the raspberry martini. It was strong as shit. next time, i'm definitely going to order the filet tartare and the kobe shabu shabu.Old Review: I ordered the now legendary American Kobe Rib Cap with Truffled Mac N Cheese. The server also brought out a complimentary trio of fries: truffle, herb, and cajun. The truffle aioli was out of this world. Unfortunately, I can't be this complimentary with the rest of the meal.Let's start with the Truffled Mac N Cheese. This was a great dish. It wasn't too creamy and it wasn't too runny. The consistency was perfect. The cheese wasn't overpowering, so the truffle was able to shine through.My problem with STRIPSTEAK was their overrated Kobe Rib Cap. What I received was way too salty. With a steak valued at nearly $70, I expected perfection. I do give them props for the way they cooked the steak though. The crust was crisp, and the center was tender. It would be a great piece of meat if they didn't dump a ton of salt on it.
2	We went here for Dinner on a Sunday night, the ambiance is good and we were staying at Mandalay so this was a logical choice.We had no reservations but were seated quickly. The service is terrible, we waited almost and hour for our food. The fries were good--but cold. My husband ordered the rib-eye...this was room temperature and so was the mac and cheese. I got the salmon which was good and so were the scalloped potatoes. My brothers skirt steak was unbelievably salty. It seems like the whole restaurant got free dessert--us included because of the terrible service. I would definitely not recommend this place, overpriced and over hyped.
4	love this place....prob the best steak i ever had here, tremendous apps....ok ambiance though!
5	While staying at Mandalay Bay for a convention, we ate at Stripsteak, and so glad we did!No reservations, but no problem ... we were seated immediately.  I ordered the 10 oz filet with asparagus ... OMG I thought I had died and gone to filet heaven!!  It was stellar!!  Tender and delicious ... it's everything I could ask for in a filet.  And the fries that are served complimentary ... let's put it this way ... I don't eat fried food, but I found myself devouring these.  They brought 3 different seasoned fries and I couldn't really tell you what the seasoning was on each, but who cares!!  YUM!We had no issues with service.  Everything was fantastic!
3	Mandalay Bay offers some great restaurant.com deals and this one of the places that we decided use the giftcard and try out!The restaurant started the night with some complimentary duck-fat fries that were unique and extremely good! The menu was extensive in its selection of steak. There were a great variety of types of meat from T-bone to Kobe cap. We ordered the lobster salad w/ grapefruit vinaigrette. It had a slight tanginess to the sweet fresh lobster. I ordered the diver scallops w/ cajun spice--which actually didn't wow me at all. It basically was grilled scallops w/ lemon for $40.  My boyfriend ordred 18 oz. bone-in rib eye which was a hearty portion! I actually liked his steak a lot more than my own scallops. We also ordered the Mac & Cheese in truffle oil and mushrooms. Both of which were amazingly good and I would recommend that you order it w/ your meat! The truffle oil gave the Mac & Cheese a distinct taste that separated it from your typical American/Cheddar mac & cheese. Honestly, I felt like the food was good here, but it's definitely too expensive for the portion that they give you. I have been to other steak houses that offered the same type of food for a little bit cheaper. Definitely try it but keep in mind that it might break your bank.
2	Went on a Sunday,  wow the place looked great and was hungry.  Placed our order and thought we were all set....10 min later the fries arrived,  awesome especially the truffle dip. Then the waiting began,  an hour and fifteen minutes passed before our order did arrive,  i had the steak and my wife had the scallops.  Well it was not worth the wait.  I thought my steak was dipped in salt,  I could not taste the steak,  the salt was over powering.  I could taste it throughout and it left a very bad taste on my palate.  My wife's scallops were over salted too.  Then i start hearing from the table next to me,  told you we should of went to jack in the box. They offered free desserts to a lot of tables, including ours which was nice,  i did not have our meal replaced cause i thought it may take too long and was so hungry so I did a little patting with my napkin to reduce the salt and finished with a large glass of water., but i do not think I am coming back. Maybe a bad day for them but for what you pay you expect good food.
5	The best meal I had since I landed in Vegas for work!The foi gras slider was delicious. Which was recommended by my fellow yelp friend Linda L. I also ordered the foi gras on the side , next to my kobe cap,. MMM it was so good and so worth it. My kobe cap wasn't that great and the medium rare was TOO rare and bloody.  They were nice enough to bring it back and cook it some more,. but I got so full from all the appetizers and small plate that I couldn't finish the steak. The waitress recommended this steak,. but I think I could have done with out it and just ordered a regular filet.  My favorite of all time is the bone marrow,. not as good as Marlowe in SF,. but it def complimented my meal. If you are staying in Mandalay bay like I did for a conference,. I recommend the 2 foi gra dish and bone marrow!!
5	skip the buffets, go to strip steak.Our sommelier selected the perfect wine choice for meThe foi grass slider melted in my mouththe lettuce slides were umm, cute. lolthe fries, delicious considering I dont care for themfilet mignot, will be the only steak ill be eating from now onWe also got free dessert from the chef, No idea what it was called but they gave us some fruity dessert that consisted with lime ice cream and grapefruit and the other (my fav) choc ice cream, with pieces of red velvet cake under chocolate pudding. yum!
3	This was a celebration type dinner for myself, my fiancee, and my future in-laws.  Quite pricey for what they're serving, but everyone really liked what they ordered.
4	I just paid $14 for peas.  I guess I was expecting something magical about the English peas but they looked like regular old green giant to me.  I like peas.  So when the gentleman behind the bar described them as "phenomenal", I was all in.  Phenomenal was kind of a reach but with the pancetta and fennel mixed in, they were tasty.I like this place.  I stopped in for dinner at the bar and it was definitely the most entertaining seat in the house.  I never knew that people slammed martinis like teenagers on spring break but apparently they do.  Seems like it would be much more efficient to just buy a handle of Skol.  But I digress.I started out with a Rockin' Rye, which is a pre mixed house concoction of rye, rum, "aromatics & herbs" served with one giant ice cube.  It's kind of fun that they have it up lit in a glass decanter on the bar.  It's a pretty good cocktail.For dinner I ordered the loup de mer, which is prepared mesquite grilled with a little olive oil...and the peas.  I'm really glad that I didn't order a potato since the chef surprised me with a complimentary round of duck fat fries in three flavors.  Wow, those fries are good.  Old bay, herb, and truffle seasoned with specialty sauces.  All were delicious.All in all, the food here is fantastic.  This dinner was great but I still have memories of the amazing kobe burger I had last time.  So good!  I won't hesitate to come back for more.
1	After waiting for about 1 hour for our entrees to arrive cold, I can't recommend STRIPSTEAK. It was a hassle to even find our waiter and I had to go ask the hostess for assistance twice, after we were seated. Had reservations and still had to wait for table that they were "cleaning." The table was already set up and actually was within the view of the front door where we stood waiting. I don't know if the management or the staff is to blame. Nothing at Mandalay was impressive and this was the worst. Even after they apologized for the time, the steak that was sent out cold was just reheated and therefore not the medium rare we requested. What kind of steakhouse sends out a cold porterhouse?! Why waste this cut of meat?
5	A Michael Mina restaurant! Here, Happy Hour starts from 4pm to 7pm. The bottled beer costs $3 and well drinks/specialty cocktails $6. Sat in the very comfortable lounge and ordered off the lounge menu- oysters and a trio of duck fat fries- herb, truffle, and old bay. It was all very delicious. Oysters fresh, fries tasty. An indulgent happy hour treat! Although the beer was cheap, there were no special prices off the food so we moved on to the next happy hour just a few steps away.. (see my next review on Fleur by Hubert Keller)
5	I LOVED this restaurant. We were lucky enough to find a discount online because the price is definitely high but worth every penny.  We were treated to 2 complimentary appetizers, french fries with special dips and a bread.  The streaks were delicious.  The atmosphere is upscale but very loud. I don't mind because I like the hustle and bustle but some might find it intrusive. Our servers were friendly and cute(hey it never hurts!)
5	Best Steakhouse ever. I came here with a few close friends to celebrate my bachelor's party in Vegas, and this was one of the most memorable dinners ever. The decor is swanky and clean, sitting area is not that big, with a small bar and lounge area. After we sat down, the waiter brought out the complimentary duck fat fries in a trio of flavors - herb, truffle, and old bay, each with a different sauce. Very asty. The drinks are a bit pricey like the $14 Cucumber Martini (alcohol is light, but the cucumber is very cool and refreshing). We started with a dozen oysters (very small, but the taste is very strong, very fresh). Our table all ordered the 18oz dry aged bone-in rib eye, medium rare (very well seasoned, juicy, melts in your mouth steak - couldn't get enough of it and at the end I kind of wished I had ordered the 30oz porterhouse instead). We got the roasted marrow bones on the side (bones were a bit smaller than what I had elsewhere but still good). For sides, we got the truffled mac and chees (this is a MUST - the truffle flavor is strong) and also the potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream/onion, horseradish) which went well with the steak but it was just okay. Service was helpful, friendly, and attentive.
3	My wife and I dined at Stripsteak 2 nights ago and had an average dinner. The fried and focaccia bread served in the skillet were very good. The Lobster roll appetizer was very bland. The bone in Rib Eye was tender but not much taste.  I have  been to ; Del Frisco's (5 star), Prime (3 stars), Delmonico's (4 stars), Craftsteak, (3 stars). I have been to Del Frisco's numerous times and have never been dissapointed.
5	L-O-V-E-D it. Seriously. The real muscle behind this yelp review is my husband who rates Steak very seriously. He is SO picky with his steak, its annoying for me. I don't like steak so much. I'll keep this review short and simple. Service - A+++! Our waiter impressed us with his recommendations, his manner, and how attentive he was during dinner. I heart him. Food - A+! My husband ordered the skirt steak with a add-on of crab legs. Originally he ordered the lobster tail, but our waiter recommended the crab legs, since they are a bit bigger, more bang for your buck! (I said that not the waiter lol) He LOVED it. He was smiling the whole time. He was happy that the waiter recommended the crab legs because he loved them too! I ordered the Kobe burger. I ordered it well done. I always order my meat well done. My burger came out kinda charred. Not sure if it was the "well-done" factoring in. I actually had to cut the top and bottom off the patty so I could taste the flavor of the meat. It wasn't a big deal. Like I said I am not a big meat person. I didn't mind if my meat patty was 1/2 the size in the end. If I ate here again, I would def not order the burger. I was eying the roasted chicken.. maybe I'll get that next time. The sides! The mac and cheese is a must order! We also ordered the scalloped potatoes which wasn't AMAZINGLY good. For 2 people I would say one side order would've been adequate. We barely touched the potatoes. Probably because I ate all the fries... My husband wants to come back every time we are in Vegas. Yes, it made him that happy. And trust me this guy is hard to please!
5	What a GREAT PLACE....Started the dinner with a glass of scotch and ended with a glass (how every dinner should be!).Came here with a group of guys during our guys weekend to Vegas.  We started with the Duck Fat Fries and Foie Gras Sliders.  Both were awesome and highly recommended.  Foie Gras Sliders melts in your mouth!!!For the entree, I had the 8oz Wagyu American Kobe Rib "Eye"By far one of the best pieces of steaks I have ever had.  It was soft like a marshmallow and melted like one in my mouth.  During the meal of course we ordered a nice bottle of wine or two and it really brought out the flavor of the meal.For sides we had the, Truffle Mac and Cheese, Asparagus, Scalloped Potatoes, and the Bone Marrow.All awesome, but the Bone Marrow really stood out of the bunch.Now for dessert....We all had a glass of scotch and ordered some Beignets with some aged whiskey sauce and creme brulee sauce.  Man that was awesome as well.  Crispy on the outside and soft as a pillow on the inside.All in all a great meal, due to the fact that every course was great.  I did not have one bad thing and the service was wonderful as well.The place is expensive, but you should know that before going in and just forget the price and enjoy the night with some of the best steak you will have.So do it to it and try Strip Steak next time you are in Sin City!!!
3	I got a restaurant.com certificate and after reading the (mostly) rave reviews, decided to go here. We heard great things on food network about kobe beef burgers. So, my husband got a burger, and I got a burger. They brought us complimentary fries that were amazing. The mac and cheese was very good, but a little bit too rich.I feel like the burgers were underdone. The service was exceptionally good, and they even gave us chocolate/caramel popcorn for desert. This is a good deal if you have the restaurant.com certificate, but keep in mind the food is very rich, and not everyone like the flavor of the truffles. It seems like there was a lot of that flavor in the fries, the burger, and the mac and cheese.
5	I seriously LOVED this place!We started with the lettuce cups and I wasn't expecting much; blown away from the get-go. There were 6 of these delicious little morsels which consisted of iceberg lettuce topped with melon ball sized crab louie, avocado and slivers of red onion. Very tasty!Compliments of the chef, we received 3 different kinds of duck fat fries each with it's own dipping sauce. These were ridiculously good, foodgasmic even!I had the 10 oz. filet and was once again impressed! It was seared to perfection, almost to the point that I thought it might be overcooked. I was stoked when I cut in and found it was a perfect medium rare, just as I requested. I wish they offered a petite filet...  With our entrees we had the truffled mac & cheese and asparagus.  I would skip the asparagus next time and opt for just the mac & cheese, which stole the show.By the end of this meal I was in a full-blown food coma. I almost shed a tear at the remaining food we couldn't will ourselves to consume. No room for dessert this time. Our waiter was attentive without being intrusive. Can't wait to go back!
5	Oh man.... prepare yourself for goodness!!I got a coupon from restaurant.com which is the only reason we found this gem. We were staying on the complete opposite end of the strip, so we are lucky to have made our way down here!Despite the $50 gift certificate, we had no illusions of a cheap meal. We had checked out their menu online and were prepared to pay. Which is a good thing!We had a reservation on Friday night, and were promptly seated when we arrived. The wait staff was on it! While we had a main waitress, there were several others around who were quick to fill our wine glasses or remove an empty plate. It didn't take long for us to order as we both new we were having steak. I ordered the Filet Mignon (medium rare) and my husband the New York strip (medium) with a lobster tail. We also ordered a side of Mac 'n Cheese and Spinach. Before our meal, they brought out a sample of their duck fat fries. They were good, and we were presented with three varieties paired with a sauce. I'm not sure I would order them again, only because the rest of the food was amazing!Our steaks were cooked to perfection! Cut with a fork they were so tender! While the two sides were way too much for two of us, they were a great accompaniment. We savored every bite!We also ordered a $90 bottle of wine. That is way more than we usually pay for wine (in fact, this whole meal was more than our biweekly food budget!), but it was awesome. Unfortunately we both drank too much of it to remember the name! Bottom line- just let them pick the wine. They won't disappoint!While it was not needed, we indulged in the marscapone cheesecake. WOW. A perfectly light end to a great meal!Our total bill was about $350. Typically I would have been struggling to breath at that price, but not this night. Maybe it was the wine that had relaxed me, but I woke up the next morning still feeling good about the money spent. Excellent food, great service, we'll be back in 5 years when we can afford it again!
5	Ate here last month with my boyfriend  while on our mini getaway trip. It was my first time,  his second time, so of course he was hype'n it up- mainly the duck fat fries and the Kobe beef tartare. Let me inform you all that my BF is kinda closed minded when it comes to food so him eating raw-mooing-cow meat was effin crazy for me to hear! Anyway, this place is good. Michael Mina, thank you. Complimentary duck fat fries were bomb.com they were a bit salty, but so crunchy and cooked perfectly. They came in three different flavors with three different dipping sauces they were all yummy! Kobe beef tartare: surprisingly good. The server brings the tartare and spices on a plate, explains each spice, asks if we are ok with each and then mixes it all in front of us. He then puts it in the bowl over ice, and it is served with grilled pita bread. It was Awesome. I was skepticalAbout eating raw meat, but if it's Kobe, I guess it's fine?Our main course was our steAks. I had the skirt steak and my BF had the 18oz ribeye. Cant say anything bad about em. Our sides were the creamed spinach and the scalloped potatoes. DESSERT: MADAGASCAR VANILLA BEAN CREME BRULEE WITH BEIGNETS OH-EM-GEE! MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT THE SERVING WAS TOO SMALL! I WILL GLADLY FLY MY ASS BACK TO VEGAS JUST FOR THIS.
5	By far the best steakhouse I've ever been to. Went there as one of the events for my friend's bachelor party/foodie weekend at Vegas. The decor is very modern, with a small dining area (has booths as well as tables), a bar and a small lounging area. It was 5 people in our party, and as soon as we sat down, they brought out complimentary duck fat fries cooked 3 different ways: truffle, old bay and regular, and it came with dipping sauces. Next 4 out of the 5 of us ordered the 18oz dry aged bone-in rib eye, medium rare (cuts like butter, very juicy). As a appetizer , we ordered the roasted bone marrow, which was really good, but smaller than the other places I've ordered the bone marrow at. For sides, we ordered the potato puree trio that comes in 3 different flavors: sour cream/onion, lobster, and horseradish. Another side we ordered IS A MUST, which is the truffle mac and cheese! It was so good.Overall, the service was excellent, the food was great, but the place is pricey, but at the same time, you get what you paid for, so it was all worth it. I would highly recommend this place to other people, and I don't know if i can ever have steak from other places cause this place just set the bar too high haha.
5	Short review: Eat here.Medium review: You have many choices in Vegas....make Stripsteak one of them! Longer review: Monday night - ate here. Wednesday night - dreamt about the Truffle Mac 'n Cheese, Ducky Fat Fried French Fries, Wagyu Kobe rib "eye". Glorious!Completely agree with all of the other reviewers re the service and worth the splurge.p.s.I start my Vegas detox tomorrow!
2	Terrible service. Bathroom experience cause me to gag and vomit slightly (bathrooms are not bussed per use and this is supposed to be classy, ventilation not good enough). I think bathrooms are the easiest way to rate an establishment. Servers are not fair with time. I was made to wait several minutes to order my drinks while a fat, tattooed lazy and unprofessional server yucked it up with an intoxicated patron next to my table. I also saw servers with disgusting hepatitis looking tattoos and piercings and these are revolting to fine diners. Steaks are excellent (Kobe rib cap), bone marrow was good, beef tartare was very good. Beet salad good. Joseph Phelps Cabernet good. Duck fat fries decent but cold. I wish they served them hot. I racked up $800 for 3 people and I felt the food was ok, but the service and the wine service and the bar service was slow, unprofessional and terrible. They need to hire a floor manager and a janitor for the bathroom. I firmly believe a night can be worth $300 a person, but the value and service needs to be there.
5	What Happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas ~ but not at STRIP STEAK! Thank you Michael Mina for a Hot and Sexy evening of yummy deliciousness!From the duck fat fries to the popcorn, every bite was ORGASMIC!Everything that entered my mouth was followed by a long and glorious "mmmmmm." Truffle fries "mmmmmm" Lobster fritters "mmmmmm" Rib Eye "mmmmmm" Beignet and creme brulee (double) "mmmmmm" popcorn (even the next day) "mmmmmm"Can you put a price on a Multiple-Orgasmic Experience!?!  HELL NO~worth every penny :)
5	AMAZING happy hour!!! Tasty duck fat fried french fries, served 3 different ways with dipping sauces too, skinny and crispy just how I like them! Great beat & burrata salad, oysters, and mojitos too! I liked sitting at the tall bar tables too. It was a nice atmosphere and a very tasty time for about 40 dollars for 2 people!
4	Compared to other steak houses I've visited in Las Vegas, Stripsteak is middle-of-the-road. If I'm going to spend a lot of money I'd rather dine at Carnevino, Cut, or Delmonico. If I want a decent steak at a more affordable price, I'd go to Twin Creeks.My wife and I arrived early -- about half an hour before our reservation. The hostess still seated us promptly at a small circular two-top, but in the back of the lounge, in between the bar and the main dining area. It was very comfy -- her on a long bench with big cushions, me in an oversized chair -- but not ideal for eating a meal because of how low the chairs are in relation to the table. Add to that the deafening sound of all the lounge chatter and music and it was difficult to have a conversation.The food wasn't bad at all. As a matter of fact, some of it was great. But, I think there's better value to be had elsewhere.To start you off, they bring out a complimentary trio of fries (Old Bay flavored, Garlic herb, and truffle oil). All were some of the best fries I've had, with the garlic herb being my favorite. They were perfectly crispy, light, and addictive. We had to force each other to stop eating them and save room for the rest of our food.//Appetizers//Sweet onion soup ($17) - morels, parmesan crouton. Excellent depth in flavors, earthy and delicious mushrooms.Main lobster fritters ($20) - bacon-wrapped fritters. Three per order. The lobster flavor was masked by the oiliness and saltiness of the dish. But the crispness and coolness of the lettuce wrap was a nice compliment. Not worth getting again.//Entree and sides//10 oz. filet ($56). They were nice enough to split it for us since we wanted to share. Ordered it medium rare, but it came out closer to rare. Tender and savory, but not nearly as good as the filet at Carnevino.Two sides of king crab ($24 ea.). Each order contained two meaty crab legs with lemon. Served cold, it could have benefitted from some drawn butter.Shallot potato cakes ($9) - scallion creme fraiche. Three cakes. Perfectly crispy, great flavor... kinda like the greatest hash browns you'll ever have.English peas ($14) - shaved fennel, pancetta. Peas are peas, nothing extraordinary, but the pancetta added a good bit of savoriness and salitness.Overall, the food was pretty good, service not very attentive, the sommelier suggested a wine we weren't crazy about, seating was comfy but not functional, and it was too loud to carry a conversation. Oh, and I forgot pricey. But we did have a $50 restaurant.com gift card that helped mitigate the damage.3.5 Stars
4	amazing food, i loved the kobe burger, and the lobster mash potatoes. . . everything was well cooked
1	They must be joking that this is supposed to be the best steak house in the country.  My $58 steak was over cooked and flavorless - I have had more tender beef jerkey!
5	Excellent food, modern (somewhat casual for a steakhouse) atmosphere, excellent service. They serve a trio of fries instead of bread when you first sit down. Two of them are good, but the truffle fries with truffle aioli is amazing. Wedge salad was good but nothing special. Beet and burratta salad was delicious (very soft, delicate mozzarella). Fillet was simple, but perfect. Mac and cheese with truffle oil is amazing, but very filling. Artichoke hearts with goat cheese is good, but nothing special compared to the mac and cheese. The asparagus was good, but falls in third place for the sides (behind the artichoke and goat cheese). Save room and get the beignets with creme brule to finish things off.
5	This place was AMAZING. Up until I went to Stripsteak my favorite steak place was Cut by Wolfgang puck. But, given that everything here was amazing (the appetizers, main meal, sides AND desert) it is an overall winner and now at the top of my list. I'm just sad that it is in Vegas and not in LA. Also - I figured it was about $200 less than Cut for the same meal / alcohol combo. Be sure to get the donuts with dipping sauce at the end of the night!
4	Really liked this restaurant. Some of the best steaks I've had. Extensive but expensive wine selection. If you are at Mandalay Bat it should be on the short list.
4	The steak here is good. It's not to die for, and probably not worth the price, but its good. I enjoyed my meal here but it was really expensive. I mean it's fine dining and I expected it, but for fine dining, I also expected supurb food. It was good. Not great.
4	The Skinny: a step up on the regular steakhouse, this place delivers some good eats with finesse and occasional missteps - don't order the duck fat fries because it comes as a sizable amuse bouche (4) Service: our waiter/servers were great but there are major issues with the hostess stand (3) Value: considering the plethora of deals on Restaurant.com, this place can be a good value if you order right (4).My hubby was hankering to take me here for a while and we finally got a chance to try the menu at Stripsteak.After passing by multiple restaurants with hostesses soliciting our business, we were taken aback by the inefficient hostess. By our seating time, there was least 3-4  group of guests gathered around the hostess desk. She basically ignored the diners and the wait staff  who lined to find out how to seat us. She also didn't tell us about ongoing promotions at the restaurant: ie, the 3-course prix fixe menu for $55, or that they are currently having a half-priced happy hour lounge menu from 4-7pm. Plus, they don't offer  you their prix fixe menu unless you specifically ask for it... even when you're seated at the table. For this reason, despite the stellar service at our table, the service gets 3 stars.Michael Mina is known for preparing a dish in three different ways. So obviously our amuse bouche consisted of Bay-seasoned, garlic herb, truffled duck fat fries served with accompanying truffle aioli, ketchup and mustard/bay-seasoned sauce. The fries had a lovely crispness that retained its texture even when it cooled off. The sauces were lovely especially the truffle aioli. I considered drinking the remaining dregs of it on the bottom but decided I still needed to save my appetite for food we'd ordered. The soups were solid but nothing special. The vidalia onion soup accentuated the sweetness of onion but the croutons really lack that nice crunch. The seafood chowder was  good - the broth was a little on the milder side which allowed for the diner to get the full flavour of the crab when eaten.The foie gras sliders had the right flavour however the bun was definitely overly large considering the serving of foie on the inside. The plating would have been infinitely improved with having the bun on the side.By far the standout was our bone-in rib-eye. It's rare to see me shovel down an entire steak the size of a catcher's mitt all on my own but there was not a scrap of meat left on that plate. Yes, it is that good. The carmelized crust on the meat was so wonderful, the inside so tender and well-seasoned ... it's hard to find steak that well-prepared. It was lovely that they provided a small tasting of three sides along with the rib-eye. The peas were okay - a little on the mealier side of things. The truffled mac 'n cheese is always great - perfect consistency, texture and flavour. Unfortunately, the creamed spinach had a rather bitter unpleasant undertone.The hubby's grilled chicken (they don't fry a serving of chicken unless two people order) was a very large portion. Half a grilled chicken - a lovely crispy skin, tender and moist on the inside - on top of their wonderful mac 'n cheese. Who wouldn't like this?We topped off our very filling meal with a root beer float and warm chocolate chip cookies. We loved the fact that the ice cream was so cold, it turned our creamy root beer into a nice slush. The chocolate chip cookies were a delight - not too sweet,cool enough to have a mild crust on the outside with melting chocolate on the inside.Overall, we had a wonderful meal for a very reasonable price due to the Restaurant.com certificate. We ordered one prix fixe meals ($55 + $10 supplement for the steak) plus two starters (foie gras $22; onion soup: $17) and one entree (chicken $30). Subtract the $50 Restaurant.com certificate (we got at bargain basement prices), the meal ended up being $118.97 (including tax and 18% tip) which is reasonable considering the quantity and quality of the cuisine. Definitely a solid four star review.
5	My boyfriend and i also went on a quick "alone" trip to Vegas and my boyfriend made reservations here. And oh my gosh! I love him even more for picking this place!( First off let me tell you people i am NOT  steak person at all.) We got there at 7pm on sat (half hour early) and we were seated right away. Our server was very attentive and very nice. My boyfriend is a celiac so we asked if she would be kind enough to ask the cooks if a few items contained flour and she was very nice about it. we also got the free fries and i wish i didn't eat them because they kind of filled me up a bit,but they were great too lol) So i ordered the filet Mignon, cheesy artichokes (drool) and the mac in cheese. My bf ordered rib eye,spinach, giant prawns. Let me tell you people the prices are sky high but the service and the food have me craving a trip back for this place. I mean talk about phenomenal food! wow!!!! i am now a steak lover! I just wish the prices can make it a tad more affordable. Our bill was about $250 (with i think 3 alcoholic drinks) all and all I love my boyfriend for taking me to this fine steak place. If you want to score points on date the atmosphere and food will definitely do just that! we will be back!
4	Recently went here on a wedding-anniversary date.The service was great. This was in-line with the level of restaurant that this place is. The servers paid attention to detail, had the right amount of "chat" in them, and didn't give off any stuffy vibes for a place that is priced at that level. The atmosphere is underrated. I thought that the open feel was nice; instead of going with the "modern" color tones, the wood feel of the side wall (a giant Jenga piece) kept the balance between old-world and new-world. The chairs were VERY comfortable to sit on (and I'm a big guy). This is an important detail after being stuffed.The food was a notch below "the best." This is not a slight on this restaurant. I just happen to reserve my "Best" label for only the 2-3 elite few restaurants. The meat was a little overseasoned for my taste buds (as was my wife's). The sides were delicious. Our favorite was the Jalapeno Creamed Corn - yum! The Truffled Mac and Cheese was really good too. The trio of mashed potatoes is a safe choice if you are looking to go that route. Our appetizer, the Hamachi, was decent. The flavor profile of the fish and the seasoning (fresh) was good - however, it just didn't fit with our steak and potatoes type of meal.I would come here again. I have a feeling the steak was overseasoned on accident (not so much so that I would have to send it back - I still ate all of it). The deal at restaurant.com really made this a great luxury-value.
5	Visited Stripsteak this past weekend and I loved it!My boyfriend and I knew we wanted to eat at a steakhouse (he loves steak, i am not a huge fan).  I saw that Stripsteak had pretty good reviews and we ended up choosing it because you can get a gift certificate on restaurant.com.When we arrived we were seated promptly and the hostess was very nice.  Our waiter told us we would be receiving a complimentary trio of duck fat fries with 3 dipping sauces. So so yummy!We ordered our main dishes....I had the special of the day which was halibut (42) and the boyfriend ordered the kobe filet ($72). We also ordered a side of the truffle mac n cheese (about $12)Our food came out pretty quickly and we dug right in.  The food presentation was great and the food was hot which is important.I had a bite of the boyfriends steak and i have to say it was pretty darn good.  It was cooked exactly how he requested it.  I am not a huge meat eater, but i had to try a bite of that $72 steak.By the time we were done with our food we were too full to even think about dessert. (the dessert menu had some tasty looking options)Out waiter took the restaurant.com certificate no problem.We had a great experience at Stripsteak and would definitely consider coming back here next time we are in Vegas.
5	Chef Doug is the best!
5	I had read some reviews citing poor service at Stripsteak due to what reviewers believed was a result of their servers writing them off as "not going to spend much"-type customers, even when the bill was in the range of $200 for two. Having read this, as well as the $110/person "average check price" listed on their website, I was somewhat concerned going in, given I had intended on trying the prix fixe menu at $55/person and arriving a bit earlier in order to get some drinks on their happy hour menu. However, I love steak and we were staying at THEhotel, so I really wanted to try an upscale steakhouse nearby, and Stripsteak sounded great for the price.When we got there, there was a slight wait even though we had reservations and the place was clearly empty (common restaurant tactic in order to drive patrons to wait/drink at their bar, which we did). It wasn't a problem as we were planning on trying some of their specialty cocktails on their happy hour menu anyway, and I had budgeted plenty of time for dinner before our Lion King show later in the night. We got to chat up two of the bartenders over a mojito and Stripsteak Sour. Drinks were okay; nothing out of this world. The bartenders were pretty outgoing, though it was obvious they were tired of hearing about what tourists had planned for their trips, even so, they continue to ask.I have to say, our waiter (Glen H) was awesome the whole night. He was extremely attentive, and we didn't notice any decline in service after we had ordered our meal. He answered questions on the menu items (which I always have at these type of places where they have fancy names for everything), and was around just enough but not too much.Food is served with a complimentary trio of duck fat fries, which were amazing. I ordered the prix fixe menu as planned and chose the salad wedge, prime rib, and root beer float dessert. My girlfriend ordered the Kobe burger with a side of duck fat fries (we didn't know we would be getting complimentary fries before we had ordered, and she really wanted to try them).The meal was excellent. The duck fat fries were a perfect start and the prime rib was surprisingly filling (I got triple sides of mac n cheese as well lol). The root beer float was not my thing. To be honest, I'm not sure how different you can do a root beer float, so I found it somewhat uncharacteristic of this type of restaurant.All in all, we kept the bill to $150, and that's with four drinks (a head's up, the specials go from $6 to $13 after 7pm, which I hadn't noticed before we had ordered our seconds). We even had leftovers, though I warn that duck fat fries do not taste good at all cold, so kill these at the restaurant (the fat begins to harden).I think the prix fixe menu served its purpose in wetting our appetite for Stripsteak. I would love to come back again soon. Nice bar, comfortable seating area. It was a near perfect dinner. 4.5 stars rounded up to 5.
5	i am still dreaming about that 18oz rib eye that i inhaled last december....oh yes, it is THAT good.  when i eat steak, i am normally put off by if it is kind of hard and dry, if it is overcooked, etc, etc, etc...i am pretty picky and can't eat more than 3-5oz of steak when it isn't done well or if it isn't tender enough...i have no idea where they got the meat and what the heck they did do it but DAMN whatever it is, wow.  if only they had another location in Los Angeles, i think i would eat here at least once every 2-3weeks!  i get to go to Vegas 2times a year for business and the hubby and i snuck out of town on a last minute whim and ended up at the Mandalay Bay.  he is a steak man so we decided to try this place and our eyes bulged when i saw the prices.BUT, this is Vegas after all, and after all the crappy uber expensive restaurants i have tried at the Palazzo like Carnevino and Morels (which SUCKED SUCKED SUCKED and you totally get ripped off) the prices here are downright reasonable!  we almost ate at BOA Steakhouse at the Caesars Palace which i tried before and was pretty happy with...this place is A LOT BETTER!  my hubby ordered the 30oz porterhouse while i had the prix fix menu and upgraded to the rib eye....we both ate in bliss, and i have to say the quality of the meat made every bite worth it and money extremely well spent.  honestly, the soup was so so, the 3 types of fries was DELISH, the bread was meh...it truly was all about the steak.  it was prepared so well, and the tenderness, and the taste...hard to do justice -and the best part is by reading the other reviews i was clued in to the restaurant.com discount so for my next trip to vegas this july i pd $20 for a $50 gift card...SO SO SO SO SO SO awesome!  thank you yelp and yelp reviewers...for anybody that really enjoys a great cut of steak that is expertly cooked, forgot all the other places, this is THE place to go.  worth every penny.  me and the hubby had to practically roll ourselves out of there and we had two giant grins from ear to ear that lasted for days because of this meal.  5stars for sure!  if i could give it 6 or more i totally would!
3	We had a reservation on a Sunday night at 8:30.  We got there a little early and sat at the bar.  They said they were running behind a bit.  The drinks at the bar were excellent.  I had a blueberry type martini and my friend had just her usual vodka soda.  We asked for some of the fries they give out since we were starving and they finally brought some after about 20 minutes and they were cold.  Still good though.  I struck up a conversation with another customer at the bar, discussing his wine choice.  We were seated at 9pm.  The customer at the bar followed me and yelled at me "Are you just going to walk away?"  I was a little freaked out by that, it was weird, but not the restaurants problem and he left right away.   Somebody brought more of the complimentary fries, a bit warmer than the last.  Male waiter took our order, food runner brought it, a half hour later, and we never saw our waiter again until he returned and spilled a glass of water all over my friend.  Service is simply awful here.  NO EXCUSE at this price point. I don't blame the service staff this is a management problem.  They are understaffed.  We know what you pay these workers.  Add a few more.The food was excellent.  We each had a steak and shared the beet salad and the mac and cheese.  The food is worth returning for, but at that price you can get food just as good and impeccable service to go with it.  Think I will stick to the Wolfgang Puck restaurants where you get both.
2	WE had reservation for 6/19 for 8:00PM, got seated very promply.Waitrees was quite informative at first.We had crabcake for appetizers, then I ordered the filet mignon Medium rare, and he ordered the american Kobe Medium.I got a piece of crab shell in my crab cake, when I mention this to the waitress, her remarks were "well you know it's hard to get all of it, so it happen sometimes". Not what I would expect from this very high rated establishment, I have had crabcakes many times before at Del Frisco's steakhouse , no shell.Then came the steak, they were not served by the waitress, she did not show up ar least a good 10 minutes after the steak arrived.Anyway, the cooking was reversed mine was medium, his medium rare, so we just swap our food, so when the waitress showed up, and realized we were eating each other food, we mention the error in cooking, her comment this time: "well you know all steak"s kind of look the same so it happens"We spend close to $300 for 2  with wine, for something this upscale price wise, it did not meet my expectations, and I will not return.You can eat at Ruth Chris in Vegas not on strip or in hotel, but price will be almost half, good service, and good food.Just wanted to try something new!
4	had dinner with my relative we got the east oysters, had west oysters, had some more east oysters they were ok not that special. i had the rib eye steak and i thought it was burnt a little over but it will still good!didn't eat the free french fries cause i am at a high end steak joint!! overall would think about going back but may try wagyu next time!
4	My wife and I had a $50 credit that we bought for $8. I ordered the Kobe ribeye "round cut" and my wife ordered the skirt steak. The Kobe was delicious but not worth the price. The skirt steak was decent for the amount and the price. We order the onion straws and the three types of mashed potatoes for our sides. The potatoes were fantastic, especially the lobster mash. The service was excellent, especially the three types of fries they give each table when you sit down. Disappointed in the fact that there are no soft drink refills which  Ithought was bizarre for Vegas. Overall, a decent meal even though it was overpriced. ($120 for two) however without the credit, $170 is too much for two. For the price and even a better steak go to Mastro's...
4	Delicious truffle mac and cheese.  Service was excellent. We had a restaurant certificate for here and were not treated any less professionally.  I am not sure I would pay such a high price otherwise; however.
4	Have I been living like a baller the past couple days or what? Father in law is staying at Mandalay Bay for a convention this week, so after watching the Tigers game at the sports book, we ventured out to find some grub and a few drinks for catching up. After looking at several menus we decided on Strip Steak. Wife's pops is probably the biggest fan of steak in the world. Yeah, you've probably met a steak lover before. Not like this guy though. For starters, the place is right off the restaurant mall-ish area when you are walking from the casino back to wards the shark reef and chapel are. Familiar to me since I GOT MARRIED THERE! It is a little loud and not as intimate as your typical high end steak house, but that is to be expected considering the location and the fact it's called "Strip" Steak. Very extensive wine and cocktail list sure to please anything you'd crave. The dinner menu was impressive as well, featuring a massive selection of steaks from any quality and cut you could imagine. There were also your typical sea food selections and the ala-carte sides you've grown to love from a nice steak house, baked potatoes, creamed spinach, etc. Let us get back to the important part - the steaks. We were lucky enough to be sat close enough to see the giant wood fire grill system set up in the kitchen and the meat lockers with giant slabs of meat. Now that sounds pretty weird, but it's cool to see them wheel the grills up and down while your choice cut is being prepared. In theory, they could put a name-tag on your selection and you could watch them cook it. Our table ordered the east coast oysters of which I only had one. It was perfect though. The wedge salad looked impressive, but had a cheap store bought like bleu cheese dressing instead of the crumbled bleu cheese you'd expect on a steak house chop salad. Pass. I selected the bone in rib-eye. It was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. The steak was well marbled, just the right amount of char, and seasoned the way a steak should be. No fancy sauces tonight. I also had the creamed spinach I mentioned above, and it wasn't that good. They sprinkled what seemed like bacos (gross) on the top, which were really pointless. Also, they spinach was not as creamy as a creamed spinach should be. Am I being picky about spinach? I suppose, but for as proud of the menu (think $$$$) as this place was, they better do it all right. Overall it was a great meal. I had a few cocktails from the bar, and my two counterparts enjoyed some wine. The cocktails are served with one giant ice cube which is an interesting touch, as it did not water  down my drink as fast as a normal ice having drink would have. I saved the best for last. When your server hands you your menus, there is a snack of three types of fries served at the table, with three dipping sauces. One set of fries is fried in duck fat. Absolutely NOT gross. Paired with the truffle dipping sauce, they were probably the best fries I've ever had in the history of me eating fries. They were so good I almost ordered a hamburger at a steak house, just so I could have the side of fries it would have come with. 4 stars out of 5 for the creamed spinach thingy and the less than impressive wedge salad. Note: If you're an out of town-er looking for a pregame meal before your main event of a drink filled excellent adventure on the strip, you could do much worse, and I can't imagine you could do a ton better. Great service, nice bar, and even with a convention in the same building were able to seat us without a reservation.
4	After reading about this place, I knew it would be something good! Stripsteak is located in Mandalay Bay, where all the restaurants are, before the Mandalay Bay conference rooms and ballrooms. When you walk up (hopefully with reservations as this place gets BUSY!) there is a full bar with a seating area. Luckily, we were able to get a table without reservations at 7:00pm on a Monday night. They sat us at a nice table, right in the middle of the action. It's a tad loud in there so bring your listening skills. After you are seated and given the menu, they bring out three little containers with french fries and dipping sauces. Now these are not your McDonald's fries. These are the most amazing fries you will ever have. The first one had french fries with old bay seasoning and a mustard herb dipping sauce. The second one had french fries with oregano and ketchup. The third one was knock-your-socks off amazing. French fries in duck fat with truffle dipping sauce. Are you fucking kidding me?!?! The minute we all tried these we all looked at each other and said "these are goddamn delicious!" All three had fantastic flavor with good crisp on the outside. But yea- duck fat + french fries + truffle = smiling faces. Our table ordered: Starters- Oysters (in a half shell)- east coast style. They ask you if you want them east coast or west coast style. The difference? east coast are "larger and briny-er", west coast are "smaller and sweeter" according to our server. The oysters were delicious! They had came with cocktail sauce, lemon, and other toppings. The cocktail sauce had some nice horseradish in it for the perfect combination. Wedge Salad- bleu cheese, bacon & polenta croutons, red chili cucumbers. I was told that it was disappointing as the bleu cheese dressing didn't have any bleu cheese chucks and tasted "like it came out of the store" Main- 18 oz. Dry-Aged Bone-In Rib Eye- heard it was delicious. They cook the steaks on this beautiful open flame wood burning grill. You can watch the chefs using the wheel up and down to get the steaks. Heard that the marble was good and had great char on the steak. Nothing fancy just cooked perfect (medium-rare plus) 16 oz. Kansas City Strip- great char, great flavor, all round good steak. Diver Scallops- which is what I ordered. Four deliciously tender, cooked perfectly, great flavored scallops. Seared nicely. Sides- Creamed Spinach w/ bacon- I LOVE creamed spinach and this was up to par, but nothing crazy. The bacon doesn't really add anything to the dish. Roasted Maitake Mushrooms- great roasted mushrooms. Not much else to say. They are always a good side to seafood and steaks. We had a couple of glasses of wine (a cab-combination) that was REALLY GOOD and I would order all day long! I cannot WAIT to go back for more duck fat and truffle and oysters and more food in general!
2	Before I explain why I am rating this restaurant a two star, I want to express that my food and and beverages were exceptional.  The beverages were superbly prepared and decorated and the appetizers, side items, main courses and desserts were all eclectic, astonishing and delicious.  With that said, the problems with my experience started from the moment I sat down.  As I scanned thru the food menu, drinks menu and prices, our waiter sidled up and announced the specials.  He was not very personable and seemed unconcerned that we had chosen this restaurant to dine in for the evening. Understanding that some people can lack in some areas but make it up in others, I left my thoughts aside and decided to enjoy my dining experience.  The second setback arrived when I placed my wine order.  The waiter had no idea which wine I selected, even though I also pointed to it in the wine menu.  Eventually he returned with multiple bottles for me to choose from.  This took a lot longer than it should have for me to order a bottle of wine and was very unprofessional, especially considering how high the prices are.  The waiter then left the table and did not open the bottle in front of us.  I ordered a $90 half bottle of wine and I could see the waiter 20 feet away from us, with his back to our table, haggling with this bottle of wine.  When he finally returned to the table, I was over it.  The support staff were all amazing, helpful and smiling, however, our waiter never cracked a smile.  He seemed unskilled and miserable.  When we finished our meal we made him aware that we would have dessert but needed some time to relax.  After dessert he eagerly brought us our bill.  I have been made aware of a couple of service features of Strip Steak since this experience which have maddened me further.  After a meal, there is a complimentary bag of Chocolate Kettle Corn presented to the guests.  We were not made aware of this kind gesture because our waiter was in a hurry to have us leave the restaurant.  Also, I am a local now, which I revealed to our waiter, and I am told that Strip Steak carries a locals menu, although he was not concerned enough to present one to us.  Our bill was over $500 for three people and even though gratuity was added, it was not deserved.  I will always tip wait staff in any situation, but when that situation is a negative one I tend to never return to the restaurant again.  If you are like me when it comes to good professional service, I would suggest you skip this restaurant as well.  On a side note, a female member of our party visited the restroom facilities, which are unisex, and she walked in on a gentleman who had not locked the door.  She was very embarrassed by this and mentioned it to our waiter.  He seemed offended that we had an issue with the restroom policy of the restaurant and acted as if it were our problem.  Our only suggestion was that they have a dedicated woman's restroom and that others could remain unisex.
5	My girlfriend and I are just waking up after a wonderful first day in Las Vegas.  We're here celebrating my birthday and last night we capped it off by having dinner here.  The dinner started off with an offering of french fries with 3 different types of seasonings "yummy"!  Then the appetizers came, we ordered Tiger Prawns and Maryland Blue Crab chowder - wow tantalizing surf before the turf.  Then the entrees came and I ordered the Rib Eye and she ordered the Rib Cap "which is the best part of the Rib Eye" and boy it did not disappoint.  We were in utter bliss the entire time.  Our waitress recommended most of our dinner and she really hit it out of the park!  The whole ambiance with the aesthetics and the wait staff added such a wonderful vibe it made dinner that much more memorable.  I'm always in search of great steakhouses and this one is to die for!
4	First trip to Stripsteak.  We had - 1.  Complimentary duck fat fries2.  Complimentary bread3.  Strip steak ($44) - medium rare4.  Skirt steak ($36) - medium rare - was more medium so overcooked5.  Truffle mac ' n cheese ($12) - absolutely heavenly, so decadent6.  Brusself sprouts ($12) - not a fan of these at all - was more like a brussel slaw with lots of bacon, unfortunately I am not a bacon fan7.  Gingerale ($4) - really small glass with lots of ice8.  Coffee ($5)9.  Complimentary bag of chocolate popcorn to take home - nice touchTotal bill was $113 before tax and tip for 2 of us.Lesson learned - order steaks medium rare stressing more on the rare side.  Wish they had smaller cuts of steak though because I could not possibly finish even half of my steak!  I hated to throw it away too, such a waste.We would go back to try it again but bring reinforcements so we could eat all the food and possibly make it to dessert!
3	Liked it! Porterhouse was good! wedge salad could have been bigger for the price. corn chowder very nice. soft shell crab YUMMM! But the best part is the FRIES! maybe that duck fat business is what it is but i always ask for more. PRICE $$$ but its nice if you like MEAT! i like it med- well and they did that very well(good). nice place to try in vegas!
4	When you come to a steakhouse.... you come for the STEAK.I enjoyed my first experience at Stripsteak.  We enjoyed an early dinner on a Thursday evening.  The place was empty and our server was extremely friendly and attentive.  We had a $25 gift cert thanks to Restaurant.com, but I think every dollar spent is well worth it!I ordered the  18oz dry-aged bone-in rib eye ($52) cooked 'medium' and my boyfriend ordered the 16oz Kansas City strip ($46) cooked 'medium rare'.  Both steaks were prepared superbly.  The rib eye was juicy and tender with each bite.  The strip was just as juicy and much more tender to the bite.  They were both well seasoned and we savored each bite.For sides, we ordered the scalloped potatoes ($12) and truffle mac & cheese ($12).  The scalloped potatoes just slightly more than ordinary... it was the chipotle that gave it an extra oomph and why I enjoyed it.  But the mac & cheese.... o.m.g.... I'm biased... b'coz I.LOVE.MAC.AND.CHEESE.  So, you might want to rule my opinion out.  The truffle mac & cheese was perfectly creamy and cheesy and truffley... pure decadence.We were also given a complimentary platter of 3 types of french fries with 3 dipping sauces.  The fries prepared in duck fat were my fav... along with the garlic aoli sauce!!Overall.... great service, great food, and great experience.  I will be returning again.
5	The Strip Steak is an amazing place to eat. I had the Kansas City Strip Steak medium rare with a baked potato. The service was excellent and I would defiantly go back. Wish I would have saved room for dessert but maybe next time.
4	This was our second trip to Stripsteak.  Three of us dined family style.  The complimentary duck fat fries as many reviewers have mentioned are delicious. We had - 1.  Ribeye ($51)2.  Strip steak ($44)3.  Truffle Mac 'N Cheese ($12) - so rich and yummy and I'm sure very bad for you but it's worth the sacrifice4.  Mushrooms ($16)5.  Tiramisu ($12)6.  Panna Cotta ($12) - this was a surprise, much better than expected7.  3 Coffees ($5 each)Total bill was $162 before tax and tip for 3 of us.The steaks were good.  We asked for medium rare.  Could have been a little more on the rare side but not bad enough that we would send it back.  Joshua, our waiter, was good too although he has helpers that clear and serve.We all enjoyed the meal and would return.
2	I will not go back.  The steaks were great, but the drinks, sides and deserts are so ridiculously overpriced!!  $12 for a four ounce rootbeer float, c'mon guys, get over yourself.  $16 for some mushrooms...silly!!  The staff was fine, not terribly attentive, they seemed like they were annoyed that they had customers.  I'll take Fleur, Auerole, or Charlie Palmer's steak house over Stripsteak any day.  Gallagher's at New York, New York is also amazing if you are looking for a great steak!
5	I'll just be succinct. Overpriced wine, perfectly cooked angus ribeye, solid diver scallops and a 50$ restaurant.com certificate. Perfect might of eating. English peas as a side was also fresh and a perfect compliment to the entrees.
2	This place was an absolute disappointment. I was really looking forward to trying some wagyu, in all of its buttery, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. However, I experienced a rather ordinary piece of meat, and it was definitely overcharred! I haven't had this problem before, and I really should have sent it back given its an $85 piece of meat.We got the bone marrow and kobe sliders as appetizers. The bone marrow here is awful (at least, compared to CUT). No buttery richness at all, blah. The kobe sliders were good though, albeit a little small portion wise.The duck fries and mac-n-cheese were both alright. Nothing special though.Atmosphere was a little too loud for my liking.Really this review should be 3 stars, but I was so let down that I am letting personal bias paired with an otherwise great vegas weekend make it two.
5	This place was mindbogglingly amazing. Don't get me wrong, I've been to some pretty fantastic places for steak - my (former) favorite being Prime Steakhouse at the Bellagio. And STRIPSTEAK topped Prime in all ways but decor.The service was spectacular. They even left us a "Happy Anniversary!" card on the table when we arrived. We had show reservations at 7 at the Bellagio and they made sure we were out of the restaurant in an hour to make it back on time.As so many people on here rave about, I have to start with the duck fat fries. I assumed they might taste a little gamey and I'm not a huge fan of the taste of duck, but WOW. Every bite had one wonderful wave of flavor after the next.Both my boyfriend and I had the filet minion. It's everything you want out of a filet - melts in your mouth and a wonderful rich flavor. My only complaint is that the 10 oz is a bit too big for one person (surprisingly) and I ended up leaving 1/4 of it on my plate at the end.As a side, my boyfriend got the potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream & onion, and horseradish) which is more than enough for two people to share.This is going to be a staple every time I return to Las Vegas, for sure.Oh, and make sure that you check out Restaurant.com's $50 off certificate. Definitely takes a chunk out of the bill. =)
5	Delicious salmon , fries, and mac and cheese.  Pricey but worth it.
5	Fantastic! The good was amazing, the drinks were delicious, the presentation was great, and the service was good! Its a fancy restaurant, so expect to pay for it. I would highly recommend the steak tartar and the king crab.
5	TRUFFLED MAC AND CHEESE!!!!! My mouth is watering in memory SO GOOD! a heads up- it did have a few chunks of broccoli in it- my boyfriend- an avowed enemy of broccoli -liked this mac and cheese so much he managed to pick out the broccoli with a minimum of complaint. Everything was top notch- the duck fat fries served as an appetizer in lieu of bread, to the lobster fritters. I had a cucumber martini- very refreshing and not even close to the gag inducing similarly named drink I have ordered at the Gallery Bar at the Biltmore in Downtown LA . The bone in rib-eye was worth every penny. If I had any complaints it would be that I wasn't wowed by the horseradish/lobster/sour cream potato trio- but that was really more of a personal preference than anything. Will be back next time, I miss the truffled mac and cheese already.
5	The food and the service was transcendent. The Filet was simply put "one of the best I have ever had".  The atmosphere was a little noisy but easy to overlook.On a side note;  Based on some of the other reviews I can't help but laugh a little. Reviewing a dining establishment that has steak in the name... for it's fried chicken and desserts is narrow minded at best. And those reviews are as useless as a condom machine at the Vatican.
5	We went to celebrate my husband's birthday, a fact that I didn't think he'd communicate when he made the reservation.  We're not big meat eaters, but, hey, you can only take so much chicken before you start sprouting feathers.I lost count of the number of staff who wished him a happy birthday, from the hostess when we arrived, to the hostess when we left, and all manner of staff before, during and after the meal.  And there was the Happy Birthday card on the table, and the tiny dessert with a birthday candle at the end.We started with the amuse-bouche Fries - three kittle cups with different seasonings with three paired dips.  I'm not a Fry Freak, but I have to admit I just couldn't stop, even with all the salt (I'm giving up on complaining about salt, which is just too pervasive in restaurants).Both of us ordered the NY Strip, and it was good enough to make me a meat eater.  Perfectly cooked.  Juicy.  Tender.  We ordered Asparagus in Horseradish Beurre Blanc and the Truffled Mac & Cheese as our sides.  The asparagus was fabulous.  But the Mac & Cheese, which they're famous for, was just too rich for my taste.  I know I would've been happier with the Scalloped Potatoes, but hubby wanted to try the Mac, and it was his birthday, so...  Besides, I was too full from the complimentary fries to even get through the steak, so it was no problem to eschew (pun intended) the macaroni.The service was terrific - not elegant, because this is a casual place, and that's just the way I like it.My one nit-let about this very stylish space is the chairs.  They're very comfy, upholstered arm chairs.  But the arms are as high as the table tops, so I couldn't sit as close to the table as I like.  It made the comfortable seating a bit uncomfortable for Petite Moi.  But not so much that I wouldn't go back.  Maybe for my birthday?  October's not so far away.  Hint, hint.
3	The beauty of "restaurant week" is you can try places you've heard of for reasonable price.  Stripsteak had the potential of 5 stars as you can tell the food is super fresh.  TOO SALTY among a few other things lost points for me.  First, when entree' items are over $50 I expect an elegant decor and atmosphere.  I felt like we were in a cafe' and not in a first class restaurant. For starters we had their fries and a hamachi appetizer.  Both had excellent flavors but TOO MUCH SALT.  I called the waiter over and said. "I can tell by the starters, that your chef is a little heavy handed with the salt.  Please tell him no added salt on my chicken"  Unfortunately the chicken was salty too.   The cardinal rule in chicken is don't overcook to dryness.  In an effort to not cross that line,  the chicken was just a FRACTION undercooked.  Slightly PINK meat. A little less salt and 2 more minutes cooking and this flavorful chicken would have been PERFECT. the sides of truffle mac n' cheese, mushrooms and cream corn were all good, but not spectacular. Rick had the Kansas steak.  cooked nicely and fresh and flavorful.  However I overheard both parties on either side of us complaining that their steak was overcooked to their order.  The Desert was the saving grace for me,  PERFECT petite creme' brulee' and good beignets .The service was good, even though they changed my fork settings 3 times.  Poor dishwasher to have to wash 7 forks per customer!Overall it was enjoyable, and and like I said, could have easily got to 5 stars with just a little more care salt and preparation.
4	I arrived before my sis-in-heart to celebrate her birthday. I mentioned the occasion so that we could have a table that wasn't stuck in the midst of a bunch of tourists, nor did I want to sit near the bar; we wanted to take our time and enjoy the evening. When the hostess sat us, she found for us a table sort of center-stage... in other words, we could see everything going on and had a fantastic view of the whole place.As soon as we sat down, we were offered water and a wine list and the Restaurant Week menu. As that is how my sis chose this place, we were just fine with that idea.We also noticed a birthday card from the staff. Details, people, details!Getting to the good stuff (well, mostly):Duck-fat Fries (3.5/5) - The truffled fries were amazing but their accompanying bleu cheese sauce was bland and boring. The herbed fries were, ironically, refreshing, with a simple ketchup (keep it simple, STRIPSTEAK!). The last one, I can't remember what it was, was good with the grain mustard sauce (the best sauce offered, just flavorful enough without putting off people [my sis] who don't like mustard). Foie Gras Sliders (1.5/5) - Ordered off the main menu as an extra, we originally wanted the grilled foie gras they list as an extra. We were told it was a single piece, but if we order the sliders there are 2. OK, we thought, we'll try it. Spoiler alert! It was still a single piece, just sliced in half. This made it too thin, overcooked, and dry. The bread (I tasted it, to be fair) was dry and pretty bland. The garnishes were OK. A single piece of arugula and a bright little cherry gelee of sorts. Overall, high hopes dashed.Duck Spring Rolls (3.5/5) - Generous portion and, I was happily surprised, not too heavy. The wrapper was thin and crispy, although a tad (a smidgeon?) too oily. Again, however, it was not heavy. The crisp veggies did well to set off the richness of the duck. The meat was well seasoned and had a great flavor. It was a bit dry in spots. I am going to blame presentation and delivery (heat lamps?) versus cooking as it was mostly at the cut edges of the rolls.Heirloom Tomato Salad (8/5, yes, seriously) - Fresh, fresh tomatoes, creamy, rich burrata cheese that didn't weight it down in any way, and the perfect amount of a tangy, sweet, beautiful 25-year old balsamic vinegar that has had me drooling for the past 12 hours.NY Strip (4/5) - Slightly overcooked based on our order. We were a bit surprised as the server said they tend to undercook slightly... still, it was a fantastic cut of meat, very well seasoned, and perfectly tender and flavorful. The sides of sauteed mushrooms (another 8/5) and creamed corn with jalapeno (4/5) were great complements.Roasted Chicken (4/5) - A tad on the dry side in places, the overall dish was fabulous. I love that they left the skin on; I don't eat the skin, but it imparted a rich flavor to the meat and left those portions really juicy and tender. The truffled mac n' cheese (4/5) was really good. Almost too much truffle, not enough cheese, and because it was used as the bed for the chicken, it picked up other flavors (meat, greens, sauces) that detracted from it's own amazing profile.Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee and Biegnets (5/5) - The brulee was creamy, perfectly flavored, and delicious. The biegnets were expertly fried, hot and cripsy and dusted with powered sugar without being overly dressed. Another detail we thought was fantastic, sis's dessert came out presented with the words Happy Birthday in a sweet, dark chocolate!Wines (5/5, nail on the head every time). We started with a pinot gris and a viogner, then with the help of Gabriel, the sommelier, chose a fruity, dry-ish Oregon pinot noir to go with the meal. We spoke for a moment on trying something new, price points, and flavor profiles (what we liked AND what we ordered). Given the whole picture, his recommendation was well received and the perfect wine for everything we ate.The service was good, though the server could have visited us a little more often. There were a few large parties so we were happy to wait a little here and there, and as other staff were also happy to smile, ask if you needed anything, and be of service, it was not a dark spot at all. All in all, a solid, enjoyable meal.With the Restaurant Week menu (50.11 each), the 2 wines by the glass and the bottle, plus the additional foie gras, our total was $300 and change. Bonus tip: they are on restaurant.com so another $50 saved!
5	Review for Restaurant Week 2011 Menu:My first time at Stripsteak and it was excellent!  I usually don't order steak out as it is almost always overcooked for me.  Based on the good reviews on Yelp, Stripsteak became an addition to my Restaurant Week list of places to go.Amuse bouche:  Three containers of seasoned fries - garlic herb, truffle, and bay-seasoned.  There were three containers for dipping the fries one mustard and bay seasoned, truffle aioli, and ketchup.  Pace yourself here.  All tables are served the amuse bouche in lieu of a bread basket.  Since I was alone, I could have totally pigged out on these tasty fries.  5/5Course 1:  Duck spring rolls.  Duck confit with sweet and sour cherry drizzle.  The duck was excellent and what a great appetizer.  5/5Course 2:  OK, so I decided to get a steak.  It was the Kansas City strip steak with small sides of creamed corn and mushrooms.  The steak had a grilled small red onion and a yellow tinkerbell pepper.  The pepper is very mild.  The steak was grilled exactly as I ordered - black and blue. 5/5Course 3:  Beignets and vanilla creme brulee.  Perfect ending to the meal.  I forced myself - yeah right - to finish the beignets.  5/5As mentioned in other reviews, when you get ready to leave, you're given a small bag of candy popcorn with the Stripsteak logo to take as a gift.  It will be a TV snack some night.My server, Alexis, was always available and attentive.  When the two eating next to me left for a bathroom trip, she refolded their napkins while they were gone.  I noticed this attention to detail and good service throughout the night.  I was quite pleased to see the number of families with young, well behaved children.  There was a concert with someone named Selena Gomez at the Mandalay Events Center and thus the large number of children. Alexis had to explain to me who this Selena was.A great evening and another wonderful Restaurant Week experience!
4	We had a great meal here but it definitely wasn't the 5-star experience I've come to expect of Michael Mina establishments.Maybe it was because we waited so long WITH a reservation and after coming back within 20 minutes, as they suggested, we waited about 10 more. Or the fact that we were seated right next to the entrance which didn't make for a romantic setting (more like mall dining despite the glass barrier). Or that we told a number of people it was our anniversary and no one acknowledged it despite all the other restaurants we visited during the anniversary trip doing so). Not sure...but our server was friendly, the recommended wine was tasty and the food was good so 4 stars you get.Duck Fat Fries trio=awesome.We adored the Tuna and Hamachi PoppersWas shockingly not a fan of the duck spring rolls which were too gameyMac and Cheese = most awesomeScallops were tasty but a little underdone for my tastes.Husband like the steak but didn't find it super memorable.All in all if you're in Vegas and want MM, I'd suggest Nob Hill Tavern instead.
5	This was the first time I've been to Stripsteak, but it won't be the last. The hip and trendy setting is a perfect backdrop for an amazing dining experience. It does get loud in there so large tables can be hard to have conversations at.  The food is amazing. Period. I had the Sashimi to start and it blew me away. there was something that had a slight crunch in it that just turned this dish into gold. My Steak was perfectly prepared and seasoned - honestly one of the best steaks I've had. All the side dishes were just a perfect blend of ingredients and preparation. Total Yummitude!
5	If I had written this after my first visit I would not have given it five stars. Yes, the duck fat fries were freaking amazing and some of the best this fry-junkie had ever tasted. But the steak I got, the porterhouse, was bland and tasteless and not even that tender. For that price and reputation, everything should be supreme. I was sorely disappointed. But my husband convinced me to go back, since we were staying at Mandalay Bay again, and he found an unbelievable deal on restaurant.com: $50 gift certificate for only $4. So I reluctantly agreed and boy, am I glad I did. We sat down at the bar, because we arrived early for our 7pm reservation, and happily discovered happy hour was still in effect. So we got melon mojitos and stripsteak sours for just $6 each. We ordered a half dozen oysters and they were so clean tasting and delicious. They include like three different sauces but just a little squeeze of lemon and a dash of tabasco was perfect. The bartender, Anthony was funny and attentive.Now to dinner. Don't love the tables and chairs, which resemble office lunchroom decor. But our server, Steven, was one of the best we've ever had. He was friendly, attentive, informative and generous. We told him about our last experience and he more than made up for it by comping two amazing $20 glasses of cab. I ordered the Kobe Rib "Cap"... 8 oz. for $67!!! I usually get my steaks medium rare, but Steven suggested medium plus, due to the marbling in the meat. And good god, it was THE best piece of meat I have EVER had. Perfect flavor and char. I didn't think it was possible to make regular ribeye seem average, but THAT's how good it was. Every. Delectable. Savory. Bite. FOODGASM. Multiple. We also ordered the jalapeno creamed corn, and creme brulee with beignets. Aaaah, I'm still thinking about it. When can I go back???
5	The five-star rating I give it isn't because the wait staff is phenomenal, they aren't, but because the food absolutely is. You will wait and wait, you will beg and ask the dishwasher to please dear God bring you your beer, but you will NOT leave disappointed in the food. My boyfriend and I went last night (Saturday evening) and the wait was non-existent. We were seated in a beautifully designed dining room at a large table. We waited and waited and waited on our first beer, but we were okay with that because we'd been at the bar drinking before dinner anyway. The waitress was polite enough and seemingly efficient, but then would wander away waiting on the tables around us while we fantasized about another drink. Eventually we got one more.  I don't want to harp on the waitstaff, but when you present a beautiful place with an outstanding menu (and wow, the prices) then you expect to be waited on accordingly. No, not here. Anyway, onto the real star, the meal!Ordered some East Coast oysters. The waiter said the oysters from the West Coast were smaller and we like our oysters to have something to bite into, so...Got the oysters and they were TINY. I don't want to know what the West Coast were like. Regardless, these were the best oysters I do believe I've ever had the pleasure of eating. There weren't enough, and in my estimation, with the way those tasted, never will be enough. I could have eaten them for days. As Rowan Jacobsen says 'at some level, it's not about taste or smell at all. Because an oyster, like a lover, first captures you by bewitching your mind.' These are those oysters. Get them.We then ordered the 18 oz. dry aged bone-in rib eye. Wow, wow, wow. WOW. It came out cooked a little more rare than we asked (medium rare), and while usually that much red in meat makes me shy away, it was hardly relevant with this steak. It melted in my mouth. Every taste was better than the one before. I have never, ever eaten a steak that tasted this way. I was considering going full vegetarian, but after this steak there will never be a chance of that. I have eaten at Cut, Ruth's Chris, Morton's, BLT, and many, many more. None have ever come close to the steak I had at STRIPSTEAK. None. As a bonus, my BF ordered foie gras to go on top. Listen, if you asked me to trade sex for a year for all the foie gras I could eat from this restaurant, well, let's just say I'd miss my BF a lot. It was THE best thing that has ever touched my lips and I mean that with everything I have. If you don't get this you are missing out on the most divine dining experiences you could possibly have. I have to stop talking about it. Moving on...I can't skip the sides we had with our fabulous meal. The potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream & onion, horseradish) was, as stated, a puree, and I tend to like my mashed potatoes with a little more body, but these were out of this world. The flavors were subtle and smooth, and really, now I'll never want to eat garlic mashed again. THANKS A LOT, STRIPSTEAK. We also had the truffled mac and cheese. Speechless. It was the most divine taste of truffles in any dish I've ever tried with them. The musky, earthy flavor was just enough. I ate the whole thing (sorry, honey). Okay, the letdown here was the dessert, but you really don't go for the dessert anyway, right? While I don't remember what they called it, we had miniature donuts with a couple of dipping sauces. While I've had this dessert elsewhere and loved it, here it fell flat and really shouldn't be on a menu as amazing as this. Avoid. My suggestion is, if you want to round out your experiences with great steak RUN, don't walk, here. This place sets the bar for it.
4	My boss took a bunch of us here when we were in town. I was very impressed, great steak. Lived up to the hype of a celebrity chef restaurant. The fries and dipping sauces were as good as advertised. Great design and layout. Service was excellent.
3	This place is a solid 3 *.  When I ate here a few times a few years back I was blown away with the food and service.  But when we returned this past weekend for a bachelorette party, I wasn't so impressed.  My friend and I shared the Kansas Strip steak which was delicious, however we ordered the steak medium rare and it came out more like rare.  Another friend ordered her steak medium well, which I found crazy, but it came out medium rare....you'd think a fancy smancy steakhouse like Stripsteak would know the difference between medium rare, rare and medium well...the sides were awesome...we had asparagus, mushrooms and the truffle mac n cheese.  5* for that side!the cocktails and wine list is yummy, the food is good, but not great.
5	My BF and I had a delicious dinner here while on vacation.  First, he got a good deal off of restaurant.com and second, I made my reservations via my OpenTable iPhone app!!  SCORE!!We had a nice table in the open area of the restaurant, I would've preferred a more intimate dinner, but the ambiance was still chill.  Our server was very nice, and ended up actually being from Hawaii (I think his name is Brian), so that was nice!We pretty much knew what we were going to order, since we studied their menu before our trip!!  He got the 30oz Porterhouse, and I got the Veal Chop.  For sides, we ordered their Truffled Mac & Cheese and Scalloped Potatoes.  Of course we got their complimentary Duck Fat Fries, which were effin' awesome with their little dipping sauces...I had a glass of wine and he, a beer.Our food was very good, my BF ate ALL of his steak - and it was a huge one!!  I had a bite, and it was delicious.  So was my Veal Chop - it was big, and I couldn't finish it, but that's what BFs are for ~ he ate the rest of my chop with no problem!  Our sides were good too...I especially loved the Truffled Mac & Cheese, but then again - I love anything with truffles!!  The Scalloped Potatoes were good, but even though it's prepared differently - I seem to eat it a lot at my mom's house since her only grandson (AKA the "Golden Child") loves to eat it!  So, I'm kinda over scalloped potatoes...no matter the place I'm eating at!Anyway, I really liked our experience at STRIPSTEAK and would return in a heartbeat!!
3	Solid,  that pretty much sums up this place.I got the new york (which is pretty much what i get at every steak place),  and it turned out pretty much how i would expect the average 50 dollar steak to taste like.  Good but not amazing.  The service was also on par for this type of restaurant.  I actually came here twice and both times I had a good experience.   Which i guess in itself is quite the feat since it's pretty rare for me to visit one of these places more then once AND not be disappointed the second time around.
4	Yum-o.  From the complimentary duck fat fries to the mouth-watering mac and cheese, michael mina's Stripsteak satisfied every taste bud on my palate.  Instead of bread, you are greeted with a complimentary trio of duck fat fries with truffle sauce, homemade ketchup, and an aioli.  Those fries...seriously once I started I just couldn't stop eating!  The truffle sauce rich but so flavorful.  Next, we shared the 18 oz rib eye and the braised veal chop.  The 18 oz dry aged rib eye was simple, without the excessive spice mixture coating or butter drenching the meat, and yet so delicious that you could really appreciate the meat itself.  Cooked to perfection!  The braised veal chop fell right off the bone, however was on the saltier side.  To compliment these large slabs of meat was the star side...the truffle mac and cheese.  A blend of broccoli, macaroni noodles, and cheeses smothered in a coating of cheese (I think it was mizithra), this was the best mac and cheese I've tasted, and I couldn't stop eating it (yes it is a recurrent theme in this write-up).  I was so full after finishing my veal chop and mac and cheese that I couldnt make it to dessert, but I'll definitely be back for more.The only cons is the atmosphere.  The decor of the restaurant appears cheap for a michael mina restaurant.  And, it's unisex restrooms!  Come on...at least have separate restrooms so I'm not avoiding urine on the floor on my trek to the toilet!
4	So tantalizing is the spinach souffle that I just can't get enough.  This with my filet mignon, what a great way to have dinner.  Find me at the bar with no reservation required enjoying my dinner and my Colorado Bulldog.
5	This place does not disappoint for Michael Mina's first steak restaurant. Everything on the menu and service was impeccable. For apps, the lobster fritters and duck spring rolls were spot on with flavors. For entree, I ordered the 10oz Filet Mignon with creamed corn and asparagus. The Filet was so nice n' tender and cooked consistency throughout. This is the reason why I eat meat!!!
4	A friend of mine is the biggest fan of Stripsteak so when I saw a Restaurant.com coupon, I jumped on it and we made plans for Stripsteak the evening we arrive in LV. Got there at about 10.30 pm, last orders are taken before 11pm. We ordered:Foie Gras sliders - really good!! the foie gras was grilled well, served with a kind of apple chutney. Delicious! I didn't care much for the sauce on the side.Shabu Shabu - meh.. The kobe slices were a bit blah once boiled in the broth. Broth was really tasty tho..American Kobe Rib Cap - Amazing! I am still dreaming about this. 3 out of 4 of us ordered this. The meat is grilled till there is a nice crust on the outside giving it amazing smoky flavour. Seasoned so well, marbled with so much fat that is was ultra tender.Kansas City Strip w Grilled Foie Gras - Very good. The steak was cooked as requested and seasoned well. The foie was amazing quality, not a hint of vein spotted and grilled perfectly. Roasted Mushrooms - meh... most disappointing. Rubbery and unimpressive.Truffle Mac & Cheese - delicious but the macaroni was way overcooked and soft but it was very tasty! the little bits of broccoli was a nice surprise and gave it a nice edge.Beignets & Vanilla creme brulee - delicious! the creme brulee acted as a dip for the great beignetsService was OK, not stellar but not overly absent. we didn't even get check backs to see how the food was. But bussers were great with clearing dishes and refilling drinks. I had a tad too many floaties (cork bits) in my wine and could not locate the waitress to get it changed for the longest time. The restuarant.com coupon is a no brainer since it takes barely any effort and a savings of $30~ Overall great meal and pretty worth the hefty price tag since everything is above average or excellent.
5	Still five stars after coming here again! Love this place and can't wait to be back. YUMMY.
5	The last Vegas trip I took with my boyfriend was more fine dining oriented than getting sloshed and stupid in sin city. We scored a deal with all the Mandalay Bay restaurants on restaurant.com and decided to come to StripSteak on our first night. We arrived in the middle of happy hour and hence opted to sit at the bar and ordered a couple of appetizers and cocktails at reduced cost. The bar staff was super friendly and entertaining so we decided to keep our behinds on those stools for the entrees. A delicious steak and an amazing half organic grilled chicken with truffle mac and cheese later, we happily strolled our stuffed bellies out of StripSteak. I will definitely come back here for some more happy hour. Solid clean food, great service, good cocktail and wine list...that's all I need to be happy!
5	We were at the Mandalay for the Barrett-Jackson Car Auction and stopped here for their Happy Hour-half off appetizers and good drink specials,We had the duck fat fries with the three dipping sauces, the strip steak, and a lobster item. Everything was fresh and well-prepared and nothing tasted cut-rate for the price. It's well-worth the walk from the center!
5	Went there twice on my last trip to Vegas - I just had to try it one more time! The service here was very friendly and knows their details on everything - but the best part by far was the food! First night I was not very hungry so just had a nice pour of wine and a couple appetizers, which were quite tasty (Shabu Shabu and Hamachi sashimi) but everyone else at the table was raving about their entrees. So I went back with my team the next day and had the Kobe Rib Cap steak, perfectly crispy outside and rare inside and it was bar none the finest, richest little cut of meat I can recall!  Top that off with the Spinach Souffle (so fresh and what an interesting texture!) and the mashed Brussels Sprouts with a nice buttery/peppery twang. They brought out some Duck Fries just for fun and they were great especially with the truffle dip. Fine dining in a nice, modern and casual atmosphere, we loved it! I have to visit Vegas quite often, so I will try to stop here once a trip most likely.
5	I go to StripSteak every time I go to Vegas.  The food and service has always been exceptional, everything is prepared to perfection there. It's one of my favorite restaurants and I will definitely be back!
2	With so many options in Las Vegas, I have to say I was surprisingly underwhelmed with Stripsteak. This statement may seem incorrect, but allow me to explain. In Las Vegas there are so many amazing restaurants that they each need to compete to stay on top, or at the very least - relevant. I didn't feel that Stripsteak was even trying. The decor made me feel like I was in a cafeteria. The way the tables were placed and the type of chairs they had looked like a food court in a mall or cafeteria. It wasn't impressive at all. The menu didn't have anything on it that really stood out to me either. It was a standard Steak House menu- which isn't something to complain about, since I love steak, but the steak I had wasn't even that good. - A little background on me- it takes a lot for me to dislike any steak. I love steak. This steak in particular was just BORING. It wasn't cooked Medium Rare- it was more on the medium well side- which is fine too, but when you're paying $50 for a steak it should probably be cooked the way you requested. It also lacked flavor. It was just blah. I never in my life had such an expensive boring meal. The upside- the french fries. The different french fries that they bring to each table as opposed to bread are phenomenal- and also the reason for 2 stars as opposed to 1. I'm sorry to the Stripsteak fans, but for me Stripsteak is a massive let down.
1	I dined at Stripsteak prior to going to a concert and I can honestly say that everything about this place was disappointing. The service was terrible! The drinks are way overpriced and they don't even give you a full martini. We had to ask for bread or something because after 45 minutes we had nothing at our table. It took 50 minutes for carpaccio and a wedge salad. Seriously... they didn't have to cook anything. My fillet was good but nothing special. My husband and I were very disappointed since we had both heard good stuff about this place. I would recommend SW Steakhouse or BOA Steakhouse instead.
4	My husband and I were staying at Mandalay Bay when my sister in law offered to babysit. (For those of you who know me, or have kids, you know this was a magical moment). I got on my Open Table app and made a reservation for 2. Luckily, I also had a $50 restaurant.com certificate. We were sat in a lounge type area, very low couches which were slightly uncomfortable, that is until the wine arrived. A server brought us the duck fat fries trio with three different sauces, "compliments of the Chef". They were very good, but I wasn't about to waste stomach space on fries. We both had a couple and then focused on wine and our romantic night out. Mr. R ordered the 8 oz American Kobe Rib Cap, I ordered the King Salmon, we also shared the truffled Mac & Cheese. All three dishes were prepared perfectly. I highly recommend the Mac & Cheese. The staff was both helpful and kind, they never rushed us or were over bearing. Our restaurant.com certificate ended up taking care of tip and tax, which is better than nothing, but I think I will be on the look out for $100 certificate next time. On our way out, the server brought us a small bag of caramel popcorn drizzled in dark chocolate. If we ever are blessed with a babysitter again, we will happily return.
4	I came back again recently and had a much better experience this time around. I ordered the 10oz filet mignon ($55) and my lady ordered the 18oz ribeye ($58). Due to my last experience, we ordered both rare. Both cuts were satisfactory - not really overcharred and cooked just right on the inside.We also ordered the duck spring rolls ($19), the spinach souffle ($12), and the potato puree ($12?). The spring rolls were ok, but probably not worth it, the souffle wasn't great (creamed spinach is better than this souffle), and the potato puree was surprisingly good. The portion of the puree that was lobster infused was particularly delicious... I would definitely order this side dish again.
4	Pricey, so get the restaurant.com certification to make it worth it. The steaks were good, but the star here are the duck fat fries....really good and probably great for hangovers! They went super fast.
4	Stopped in here after my weekend in Las Vegas for the Rock N Roll marathon. Forget that the after race mob scene rush inside Mandalay Bay was a madhouse! Once I was able to join my friend for a late dinner, it was all worth it!I ordered the American Kobe burger and the duck fat fries, everyone kept talking about the fries! I thought about ordering a steak but at 1015pm, post 13.1 miles run at night in 40 degrees, damn I wanted a burger!! And I was not disappointed!! Big,flavorful, juicy and the duck fat fries were heaven!! I will definitely come back here and next time try the steak for sure!!
4	I've always been biased towards things with the word "strip" in it. Strip Poker, Strip Club, Strip Jenga, Strip Bowling.....All things normal people do. But I'm really not a normal person, as I always enjoy getting abnormal deals. The best deal of all for these higher priced Las Vegas restaurants are getting restaurant.com vouchers on sale. With a few clicks of the mouse, I was able to get a hundred dollar voucher for $20. There's nothing like getting two Rib Eyes for $20 bucks after a long day of gambling, donating money to slot machines, and contributing to college educations for young women. Apparently, clear heels are also very expensive. The Rib eye was delicious and cooked to perfection. When a steak place knows how to cook a steak, you don't need condiments. All you need is a knife and a fork. Heaven only comes in medium rare and one slow bite at a time.
5	WOW! LEMME JUST SAY WOW! While staying at the AWESOME Mandalay Bay Hotel, we came across strip steak. My dad who is the king of beef is always telling me about kobe beef. We say kobe beef on the menu. I had the most amazing burger I will ever have(made of kobe beef) and my dad had a big hunk of medium rare kobe beef. Both didshes melted in our mouth like butter! Plus, their garlic fries are to die for! Highly recommended!
5	Great steak with atmosphere and service to go with it. try the duck fat fries and sauces.
2	This review is for happy hour only.  Before I went, their website said it was 4-7pm.  Drinks for $6, aps for $6-10, bottled beer for $3. When I got there, I discovered it was only 4-5:30. Pretty crappy considering all the restaurants that surround it had 4-7 happy hours with $5 drinks and aps.  Also, the happy hour food options did not match the website.  I did not see Kobe Cap Pastrami Slider, Baked Crab Dip, or Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho as options.  But you can get hummus. For $6.  Yay.Happy hour drink selections were also very limited but they did have 3 wines by the glass at happy hour prices that were not listed.  After I had a crappy melon mojito, the server informed me that there were secret wine selections.  I got a pretty awesome glass of sparkling wine for $6.  So make sure to ask about those specials. Since I went, it looks like they've at least partially updated their website to the right hours.  But the happy hour food selections were still wrong as of today.  This is a big pet peeve of mine.  Why can't restaurants keep their websites accurate?  Is it that much of a chore?  Do they forget that they have websites?Anyway, if you are stuck on the Strip, there are better happy hours to be had than Stripsteak.
5	The five stars is for the rib cap and the wine only. The rib cap is UNREAL. Over a week and many lovely meals have passed, and I am still thinking about it. Everything else here I think gets 3.5 stars. I also got their bone-in filet mignon. OK, but nothing compared to the cap. NOTHING!The burrata & heirloom tomato salad was nice. The oysters (we got the east coast sampling) were okay. The duck fat fries were yummy - but really, can you go wrong with that? The service was good. I will note that they do serve their steaks a little more rare than you'd see at other places (good for me, but bad for the nice lady at the table next to us). I can't wait to go back for the rib cap!!
5	Skirt steak and creamed corn!!! HEAVEN! The food is exquisite. Thank you for the complimentary appetizer and chocolate covered popcorn :) 5 stars for sure!
5	I'd strip for their steakLove the people here...both customers and staff...pretty crowd, young, yet not obnoxious. Great music yet the place isn't too loud. Had me at 3 flavors of fries duck fat fried & 3 complimentary sauces! Yummy duck rolls, veal, & Mac-n-cheese. Our huge waiter guy was soo sweet, soft spoken, and just on top of it the whole night. We even slipped out like celebs through the kitchen to get to the cabs faster to catch our show...love itttt!Make it rain babyyyy!
1	Big Disappoitment!!! Decided to give this place a try because of all the great reviews, but should've paid more attention to the bad ones! The only okay thing about this place was the steak and duck fat fries, and that's being generous! Service was horrible!!! Took over an hour for our steaks to arrive and no one, not even our waitress acknowledge how long we had been waiting until literally 2 mins before our food arrived. The spinach and mushroom sides sucked! Soooo not worth the amount we paid! Trust me bring your money somewhere else!
4	There are three things that are a must for any Vegas trip... 1) Hot sweaty dance floor action 2) Titties at the Rhino 3) A big fat juicy piece of meat from StripsteakAs far as the steaks go, my personal recommendation would be to get the 18 ounce dry aged bone-in ribeye ($52).  Its fatty, flavorful, and absolutely satisfying, but If that's not enough for you, Stripsteak also offers a much larger 30oz Porterhouse ($69). And for those who want a little slice of heaven you can opt for the 12 oz gold label kobe steak for a whopping $85.  Might as well right...And we all know that no steak dinner is complete without a few sides.  My faves include teh the scalloped potatoes and the truffled mac and cheese.  I would say that one side per person is about right, but keep in mind that they do send over complimentary duck fat fries to get the juices flowing while you wait for you steak.If you're in a rush and want your steak pronto let them know you have to catch a show and they'll throw that sucker on the grill and have it ready for you in no time. Oh and before you head over to Mandalay make sure to hit up restaurant.com for a $50 gift certificate.  Below I have also included some eating instructions for you.As soon as your steak arrives please take the following steps to ensure maximum satisfaction.  1. cut your steak one bite at a time 2. do not stop eating until you have finished you entire steak (fat included)3. once you finish your steak begin to eat the steak off of your dining companions plates.4. If they resist stab them in the neck with your knife then proceed to eat their steak as they bleed out.
5	Based on the name, I came here thinking that I was going to get steak and a strip show, but alas the servers kept their clothes on. Good thing the food is excellent. All kidding aside,  I love this place. One of my favorite stops in Vegas. I've been twice so far, and I plan to go back. First off, this place is currently on restaurant.com, so you can get a pretty good deal. I've tried both the ribeye and the rib cap. The rib cap is supposed to be their best meat they have, and it is rich and flavorful. However, I guess I'm a traditionalist and love my ribeye. It's very good here. The sides are incredible. I've had the mac and cheese, the trio of pureed potatoes (good!), and the creamed spinach with bacon. Also, the foie gras was very tasty and a generous portion. I tried the bone marrow for the 1st time in my life, and I just think I'm not a big fan of it.  As you must already know by reading the many reviews, they bring a complimentary trio of fries that come with special sauces. Oh, the truffles fries and truffle sauce... amazing. For dessert, I've had the marscapone cheesecake and the donuts. Both were very good. And they even give you a dark chocolate covered popcorn goodie bag to take with you.The drinks are good too, and the service is great. Both times I came alone, and I felt very special. They are very accommodating.  Great place!
4	We did my daughter's Sweet 16 dinner here.  The food was great and our waiter took great care of us.  We premade a menu for the kids from their menu and limited the choices down to make ordering for our large group easier.  The portions are large so we rounded down the orders and did it family style.  It was great and they helped us pull it all off well.
5	The good here was great, but the service needed a bit of work. There was a group of 9 of us, and the majority had steak. I had the 18oz bone in rib eye and it was as big as it sounds but so delicious. The sides that we ordered were truffle mac and cheese (really good), bacon cream spinach, mushrooms and the potato trio (yummy!). I also had the Apple crumble for dessert which was really big and pretty good. I've had better apple crumble but it wasn't bad by any means. The coffee was decent as well. Nothing to rave about, but nice to have at the end of your meal. Our server was slow on refilling our drinks and bringing the condiments we requested. The free fries at the beginning are such a nice touch and SO good. The meal will run your at minimum probably about $80 a person. Definitely worth the price though. Especially if your suite has a microwave or stove - take home the leftovers for steak and eggs the next morning! Oh, my husband had to lamb and said it was the best cut of lamb he's ever had but he didn't like the spices. The lobster was really good (although I don't think it was two pounds like they claimed) and the foie gras was really good to accompany your steak. You get a large peice for $19.
3	'A-OK', but don't get the steaks.What I'd get here: The shabu shabu. It's surprisingly good.Who I'd take here: Family and friends, and their kids. A date you wanted to impress.Food Quality: 1This joint is a steakhouse. I went here on a recommendation from a BBQ/grilling web site that stated that the steaks here were cooked in a special way (simmered in clarified butter), but the steak was OK. Either the steak wasn't that impressive, or I don't have the tongue to discern the fine taste (possible). Personally, I've been to Morton's, Lawry's, and other Vegas steakhouses (Palm, Delminco), and this place ranks behind all these joints, but manages to charge above average in price.The cook cooking the steaks (you can see him through the window) didn't seem to care about the flare ups going up around the steak, which concerned me.Other than the steak, though, everything was great. The mushroom soup was great, the caesar salad came with actual anchovies, they shabu shabu was amazing, and the mascarpone cheesecake was amazing.-2 bad steak at a steakhouse. +1 other items were great. -1 expensive price for what you're getting.Service Quality: 4This service was the best part of this restaurant. We came on Christmas eve and the place looked understaffed. The waiter did his best despite having to look after a disproportionate amount of tables.+1 great service.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 3This ambiance here would be conducive to a good date. The tables can be pretty intimate. It's near where you enter the Mandalay from the parking garage.How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(2.7) = 3
4	Great Prix Fixe options. Nice dry aged steak. Great wine pairings. And, my favorite is the chef's amuse bouche of fries and dipping sauces... especially the truffle aioli! Again, Michael Mina can do no wrong by me.
1	Took an hour for the appetizers to come out. Another 20 for the meat. Steaks were all cold(8 of them) and all rare when we ordered medium rare to medium well. Kept blaming the big influx of the michael Jackson crowd but we were the 3rd table to be seated. They suggested that we regrill oursteaks at 30 min before half of our party had to be at a show. The sides came out fiveminut es afterthe steaks.  Five members of our party didn't get to finish their dstaks and went to theshow hungry. Three of us remained... Unfortunately. Second round of steaks were off again... All ordered medium well but some were yndercooked andsome overcooked. The waiter responded that that's how its done here?  Skirt steak too peppery as well as the brussel sprouts. Spinach was good and the MAC and cheese was alright.Gen manager came out and offered us to feed us after the lion king show and gave us his business card which was out in front for everyone to take anyways. He was disingenious. We were not happy and he asked us in a no- so nice tone, "What else can I do?" Um, I don't know...be nice? Explain what happened? Send us off with some finger food so we aren't starving at the show? Comp us without asking what we want?Rootbeer dessert tastes like black licorice.It was sort of the worst experience I've ever had at a steak house.Now I realize why they are giving out coupons for a celebrity chef restaurant.
4	I've been to StripSteak before, and have enjoyed their steaks, so I thought I'd try something different this time.  I had a gift certificate from restaurant.com, so that helped on the bill a bit. For Christmas night, it was surprisingly busy.  There was no special menu offered.  I will say, the set up in the restaurant is a little crowded. We couldn't help hearing the couple seated next to us bicker drunkenly, and were amused (and horrified) when the woman picked up her steak bone and proceeded to gnaw on it.  The music playing in the background was also a bit strange.  At first, we thought it was coming from elsewhere, but no, it was within the restaurant.  A mixture of club/pop/hip hop, which I didn't mind, but thought it odd for an upscale restaurant.  It wasn't playing loudly, however.As always, the duck fat fries were delicious. I could eat them all day! The sauces were a nice compliment as well.  I ordered the scallops and a lobster tail, and we ordered the truffle mac and cheese as a side.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and a nice size (4 of them), and the lobster tail was tasty as well.  I found the sauce to be a bit oily, however.  The mac & cheese was also very good, but it too seemed a bit oily.  Service was pretty good, leisurely pace, but they did forget to refill my iced tea, even after I requested another.  Small glitch, but I did notice.
2	I will admit that it has been a while since I went to Stripsteak, but when I did go I was very disappointed. I went with my fiance for our one nice dinner out while in town.  The atmosphere is very beautiful and appealing, but that doesn't mean anything when the food is mediocre. The steak I ordered medium rare was burnt and overcooked. I like a little char on my steak, but I don't want so much that it takes away from the beautiful taste of the well raised beef they use.  I should have sent it back, so part of the fault lies on me for not saying anything. I could tell the waitress was having a bad night though, so I didn't want to add to it.The best thing we had all night was their complimentary fries cooked in duck fat. Considering we spent well over $100, I'd expect to enjoy a little more than the fries. With so many other great restaurants in Vegas, I personally wouldn't spend my money at this one again.
4	I have eaten here twice.  Good food.  Very expensive.  The service is just ok.  I don't think it is as good as Morton's or Ruth's Chris.
5	This was the first place I ate dinner at in Vegas and I feel in love over one delicious meal! I bought a restaurant.com certificate before our trip and this was the first one we used. We made reservations for 6pm and were promptly seated. It took a little while for our server to actually come over to the table and ask what we would want for drinks. I read reviews beforehand that warned about slow service. After we took some time to look over the menu and decided what we wanted we were given Duck Fat Fries with three sauces. These are amazing and I do hope that people get a chance to try them.For my appetizer I ordered the Maine Lobster Fritters, which were to die for. For dinner I had the Braised Pork Shank, others in my park had the 12 oz. Skirt Steak, American Kobe Burger, and Golden Trout. We also ordered some sides such as the potato, asparagus, and spinach souffle. All the main entrees and sides were to die for. I think my mother-in-law was the only one who did not absolutely love their food. She got the Golden Trout and just thought it was ok.  The food was cooked perfectly. My Braised Pork Shank just fell off the bone and my husband was in love with the American Kobe Burger.If you are looking for a cheap place to eat this is not it but it is worth every dime. For six people our bill was around $200 after the restaurant.come gift certificate.
4	Definitely still a fan! Since the other half fell in love with this place 2 mths ago, he insisted a trip here for every Vegas trip hereinafter. Went in a larger group and managed to try even more dishes this time around.I have to say - after trying 4 different cuts of the beef, the best is still the American Kobe Ribcap!!! It is the fattiest but also the best.We ordered:American Kobe Rib Cap w Foie Gras - top pick! as mentioned before, it was heaven in my mouth and the foie gras is top quality!American Kobe Rib Eye - Not as good as the rib cap. it is leaner and not as rich but still marbled and better than the average rib eye2 lb Grilled Lobster special- great but incomplete by itself.Skirt Steak - PRetty tough but is expected of skirt steak. The one steak I did not enjoy all nightDry Aged Ribeye - Very good, tender and with a good amount of fat. Lamb - Tender and not very gamey at all. I didn't care much for the accompaniments tho.Potato puree - delicious. all 3 versions were quite good, the lobster is my favourite and tasted like lobster bisque!Creamed spinach - pretty goodMushrooms - not badMac & cheese - doubled in size since our last visit but not as good. It was missing the random bits of broccoli that i enjoyed. Stil the best of all the sides.Apple streusel - very goodOpera cake - amazing!Service was pretty good and we got our food in a timely manner. will definitely be back!
4	I had a very good meal here, but nothing blew me away. Given the reputation of the chef and the price paid, that is disappointing. My friend and I were seated about 15 minutes after our reservation time. Dana White and a group of UFC fighters were dining in the restaurant as well during the time of our visit. In fact I came pretty close to smacking the guy in the crotch when he walked by our table and I was in mid stretch. So yeah, as other have mentioned, the tables are packed pretty close together here. In addition to nearly smacking a guy in the crotch, the closeness of the tables also meant hearing a lot of other people's conversations. The nice older woman next to us started to tell some of the most expletive filled stories after a few glasses of wine. I did like that it was a relaxed atmosphere for fine dining. My wrinkle free shirts hadn't stayed as wrinkle free as I would have liked in my luggage and being sort on time I put on a black t-shirt and tried for the Steve Jobs look. I thought I'd look out of place, but lots of people were dressed casually. Our server was in a bit of a rush at first. All of his tables were sat at the same time including ours, but later in the night, as things calmed down, he came over and chatted with us for a bit. The guy was right on with all his suggestions. The service was good overall. For appetizers we had the lobster fritters and east coast oysters. The fritters were lobster wrapped in bacon, fried and served with butter lettuce and creme fraiche. You know anything made with that combination of ingredients is going to be good and it was, but it was just good. I'm not usually one to talk about the concept of a dish, but when I'm in a place like Stripsteak I am hoping for something unique. This dish didn't strike me as being anything that unique as much as it was a bunch of delicious stuff that got fried. We also received our complimentary fries and while they were all good, the one that really stood out was the truffled one.My friend and I both had the bone-in ribeye as our entree. Hate to say it, but it was slightly overcooked. I kept cutting into it hoping it was just the char from the wood burning grill that made it seem less pink than a medium rare should have been, but my steak was mostly medium until I got very close to the bone. This was a shame since it was a very good cut of meat. My friend had his with foie gras and it was a great combination. He also had the chipotle scalloped potatoes recommended by our server and they were excellent. I went old school and got a baked potato. The overcooked steak was probably the biggest disappointment of the night.We were both stuffed, but after such a heavy meal I wanted something sweet to end the night. We both went with the beignets. I had the one with chocolate, pudding, and Macallan 18. I'll eat anything with Macallan 18 in it. It was a decent beignet. A little bit denser than I would have liked, but probably done so because it was intended to be dipped into the pudding. Again, a good dessert, but nothing amazing. The best part was probably the Macallan. My friend had the same thing but with creme brulee instead of pudding.So yeah, that was pretty much the story of the night. Good food and good service, but nothing we had really wowed me. My friend raves about his steak with foie gras, but it was his first time having foie gras so I guess we all remember our first time ;) I think the only item that was really memorable to me was the truffled fries.
5	I love this place, they never seem to disappoint. Their butter poached steaks are to die for & Glen gives the best service in town.
4	Finally managed to make it outside the hotel on a program I worked in Vegas recently, and went to Mandalay to have Stripsteak with my sister in law. I'm not really sure what I was expecting (complete lack of expectation, I suppose) but I wasn't expecting to pay $50 for a small meal. My bad. Ordered the chicken on truffle mac'n'cheese, which was great... all $8 worth of it. Kind of wish I'd have just ordered a side of the mac'n'cheese since that was the best part of the whole dish. The duck-fat fry variety tray they bring out prior to the meal was the strangest free app I've ever had, but also perhaps one of the most delicious. Kind of a truffle whore, so when you give me truffle fries for free...you're alright in my book. Our waiter had excellent customer service and kept our table refreshed the whole time. Good service, good food, just bring your checkbook (figuratively)
2	This might be the first time I've gone against the majority in a negative way. I had reservations as part of a package that included tickets to "The Lion King". So I had a pre fix menu to choose from. The decor inside the restaurant was nice, and everyone was friendly when I arrived. The server was friendly, but a bit slow. I started my meal with the mushroom soup and also ordered the Lobster Fritters. The fritters where very tasty. That was by far my favorite pert of the meal. Then I tried the mushroom soup. Maybe my expectations where to high, but I just didn't enjoy it. It was too creamy and barely served warm. No everything could be a winner tho. For my entree I had the Skirt steak. Here is where they went from 4 stars to 2 stars. Normally I order my steak med-rare. My steak came out charred on top, and completely raw in the middle. I ate less then half of it, and had to give up the rest. I over herd my server talking to another table, saying that the steak is cooked under temperature, so I should have ordered it medium. Unfortunately, my server failed to mention this to me and got stuck with a tough, burnt tasting raw piece of meat. Not a winning entree. (It did taste great re hashed in my breakfast burrito the next morning however.)My only dessert choice was a root beer float. Creative, if your 5 years old. Slow service and food below par. Maybe if I hadn't been on a pre fix menu it would have been better. With all the choices in Vegas, It will be tough to get me back.
5	My first kobe beef experience - and wow, was it good. Seriously, I can't think of a better steak I've ever had. Professional service, mellow atmosphere (you might forget you're in Vegas), and simply great food. The only hitch is the wine list, which is very expensive with few selections under $70.
3	When I visited on Christmas Day in 2010, I ordered a Kobe Burger that changed my views on hambugers forever.  It was cooked a perfect medium-rare and had flavor beyond anything I've seen in my life.  Maybe my expectations were too high or what not for this second time around, but I got the burger again.  It was a little bit burned on the outside and below rare on the inside.  The waitress made a pretty snobby comment when I asked for a new one "You did ask for it medium-rare" to which I replied "I did, in which I'd expected it to be cooked".  She brought out another one which was cooked just about the same way, except a bit more burnt and a bit rarer in the middle; I ended up not eating either.  I ended up asking for the manager and getting the burger off of the bill.  The filet my wife had was tasty, but I'm not sure if it was a $56 steak.  Then again I'm pretty cheap.Gotta put a shout out to the tasty fries they bring out to start the meal.Maybe your luck will be better than mine, my first time there I would have given 5 stars but this time more inclined towards 2 or 3, only giving 3 due to the manager being cool about the grills running hot or whatever else seemed to be happening.I still feel sad though, and maybe I'll chase the dragon once again some day.
5	Love Vegas and their Steakhouses, I was here for a bachelor party. Made reservations here. Saw online that they had  American Kobe so I wanted to try it. This was the first time I had the American Kobe Rib Cap and it was Awesome! Every bite the meat was soft and felt like it was butter melting in your mouth. The appetizers and sides were good, but I am coming back for the STEAK!
5	Get the Kansas City Strip and the mashed potato trio. The lobster mashed tat's are amazing.
2	While in Vegas, I wanted a really nice steak dinner. Got a $50 restaurant.com gift certificate which enticed us to choose here. Visited mid-January on a Sunday evening with my girlfriend. Had reservations at 5:30pm as we had to catch a show at 8:30pm. We arrived right on time and were seating promptly. The hostess was neither welcoming or off putting. The restaurant was pretty busy for an early Sunday evening. It took a long time for our waiter to come over and get us both menus and drinks. After we got our drinks, it took a full half-an-hour before he took our order. We did get the Duck Fat Fries which were heavenly. Initially, they messed up our apps and brought us an incorrect one. It wasn't until I corrected them that we our food that we ordered. We started with the Lobster Fritters and Hamachi Sashimi. I thought the fritters were alright, maybe too indulgent. The sashimi was great, huge portions. Next, I got the Kansas City Strip and my girlfriend got the Filet Mignon. My steak was less than stellar and under cooked. Her filet was good though. We also got the Potato Puree Trio, which was good but we didn't care for the horseradish ones. Dessert was an Apple Crumble and Cheesecake. The crumble was delicious while the cheesecake was blah. The whole meal took two hours, way too long in my opinion. Our waiter was very nice though but may have been overrun with too many tables. The busser was great as dirty dishes never sat and water glasses never were empty. We also had a mix up on the check, which was frustrating when time was an issue, but we got it straightened out. Bill was $175 w/ tip after the gift certificate. Ultimately, did I get a delicious steak dinner? No. For $175 for two, I expect way more. Especially since there are so many other steak house options in Las Vegas. While the $50 gift certificate is nice, I would pay the full $50 for a mouth watering steak, which I didn't get. Disappointment with my steak and slow service won't have me returning to Stripsteak the next time I'm in Las Vegas.NOTE: We went to Fleur the night before. Although not a steak house, if you're in Mandalay Bay, I highly recommend it over Stripsteak.
4	Not quite as good on the service as from my last visit.  Stripsteak is one of the few Vegas steakhouses that has earned our repeat business.  Still love the decor and the options.Drinks- mine (rock'n rye) was great with a gentle cinammon bitters flavor & a mondo ice cube.  Wife's--some kind of pomegranate or blueberry mixed drink (from the cocktails menu)--very average to her taste & mine.Filet (bone OFF) came cooked a little below my medium instruction, which was a surprise according to some contrasting reviews here.  However I was pleased with the quality & flavor nevertheless.  Last time i visited almost 2 years ago, I recall my piece of meat being on the mark of my requested temperature.Sides were very good, as they must be at an a la carte steakhouse of this caliber.  Chef's treat of duck fat fries are perhaps the best side! Yet I've had better sides at Flemings and /or Ruth's.  I think we had about a 3* service experience this time; but had about a 4.5* the last time (waiter was a lot better then).As an aside, we didn't stop by the bar beforehand, but the bartender (Chris, I believe) still works there; I remember him from 2 years ago.  Great guy, good mixologist if you ask him to surprise you.
4	3 1/2 stars really. The food is fab, but the atmosphere is kinda weird.  Tables are close together and it was fairly bright in there for a steak house. Try the scallops, they are divine. So are the brussel sprouts. Corkage fee is $35
2	I was really disappointed with my Stripsteak experience. I made the 5:30 pm reservation about 2 weeks in advance. I let them know it was my bday. We get there and had to wait about 15 minutes before we got seated (when we got in, over half the tables were empty...) Whatever - thats fine. I got a little happy bday card from them and the waiter was really cool at first. Then I let him know we had a restaurant.com certificate and I don't know but I feel like maybe it went all downhill from there (not sure why they would be upset with this bc they still make the same tip amount if we didn't have the certificate.)We got the duckfat fries. They were mediocre. So many people raved about these fries and I just didn't think they were anything special. They actually came out room temperature and seemed over cooked. I would have rather had some bread.Then we ordered. My boyfriend ordered the Gold Label Kobe NY and I told the waiter that I wanted the Kobe Rib Eye and then the waiter convinced me that I wanted the Kobe Rib Cap. I said that I wanted something super tender and buttery and he said definitely Rib Cap. We both ordered our steaks "medium." We also got a baked potato and the bacon creamed spinach. I asked for a wine that went well with my steak and I said I normally drink white sweet wines but i would do a red wine if he could recommend one. He didn't know anything about wine or he was being sort of condescending towards me bc I said that I never really drink red wine. I dunno. I just got a glass of riesling. The food came out rather quickly - maybe thats because they barely cooked our steaks!! What the hell - they both came out RARE ( we ordered medium.) And this rib cap I got - it was super chunky and chewy and bloody - just not what I wanted at all :(  My boyfriends $85 steak was a bloody massacre. The inside was just pure mush- you couldn't see any grain in the meat at all. My bacon spinach was almost too bacony- I LOVE bacon but the flavor overpowered the spinach. My boyfriend said his potato was good though and the sour cream that was served with it was delicious. Since I saw peoples' bday desserts from Yelp photos, I was waiting for them to bring me an ice cream or something. They didn't, so I just ordered off the dessert menu - I got the Dunking Donuts- since our meals sucked, I was relying heavily on these donuts to make up for it!! These donuts literally took about 30 minutes to bring out - this took longer than the steaks lol. They wrote happy bday and I got my candle then we ate the donuts and... they were ok but I would have rather had Dunkin donuts or krispy kreme!!! When we ordered the donuts, we asked if they had vanilla (instead of the caramel that went with it) and they did. He asked if we wanted to swap it and I said I'd rather have just one caramel and one vanilla scoop. Who knew they would charge $5 for the little tiny scoop that was smaller than a teaspoon and that we demolished in one bite. lol. So then we get the bill - $286.... yeah. thank goodness for the certificate we had then it came out to $236. We didn't even order appetizers!!! They charged $24 just for water. They charged $12 for the little donut things plus the freakin $5 for like the smallest scoop of vanilla ice cream I've ever had in my life. This place is a rip off. We have no problem paying $300-$500 for a fabulous dinner experience but this one was far from it. There's hundreds of better places to eat in Vegas.
4	Very cool place.  Unfortunately it was pretty well booked on a Friday night and we had to make a dinner reservation for 5:30.  What am I 80 looking for the early bird special?Anyway I had the KC strip and it was VERY good.  Well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  We split the trio of potato puree's, (Horseradish, Lobster, Sour Cream).  The potato's were excellent.  I could do without the Sour Cream one though.  For vegetables they have a creamed spinach.  I'm not into creamed spinach so I asked if they could just make some sauteed spinach instead.  No problem and this was excellent as well.Seating is a little weird though.  We were sat in an area that had small round tables up against a long couch with tons of pillows.  Not a huge deal but just a tad uncomfortable.  Dinner was very good but it definitely wasn't cheap.  We had a $50 off coupon and that took some of the sting out of it.
5	I want to do 4.5 stars but I'll leave it at a 5.30 oz. porterhouse, the temp. was rare, med. rare, med. in all different spots.  I know Porterhouses are difficult to cook evenly, though.beef tartare--so freaking delicious, they bring it out table side so you can tell them if you want any of the ingredients left out.the strip steak is still my favorite here. delicious.Big group came here to celebrate my birthday, there were 10 of us I believe.  They stuck us on the cusp of the restaurant but still technically in the bar, with several round tables pushed together which I didn't care for--some seats had awkward angles to the table.  However, I think I started this bday dinner with 2 people and changed the reservation a few times working up to 10 peeps.  So, it's kind of my fault we got stuck w/ a crappy table.
2	Went for happy hour, and then had dinner later.  Happy hour steak sandwhiches were very disappointing for a steakhouse, margaritas were weak poorly made.  Dinner was average, steaks come out one level rarer then they are ordered, but it was okay because the waiter explained this to us.  I can see how that would be annoying if we weren't told, especially when you paying 50-90 bucks for a steak.  Steak was good sides were average, steak tar-tare was the best thing we had that night.  Duck fat fries were good but came out cold and had a ton of salt on them. Nice wine list just be ready to pay up for it.  Would have given this place three stars but at the end of the day the happy hour knocked it down to two. Aureole right across from STRIPSTEAK is a far better dinner choice for the money, try the sea scallops entree.
3	This is definitely a place that deserves an extra half star... 3.5. FOOD: Steak - had the 18oz Bone In Rib Eye... but it was fatty (not marbled) and I've definitely was disappointed by the cut.  It deserved 2 stars.  Wife had the Diver's Scallops... These were awesome. 4+ stars when it came to flavor, portion size, etc. The sides were yummy too. Mushrooms and trio of potato purees... OMG.. The horseradish potatoes were amazing... so were the sour cream was. The Lobster one was a little "fishy" to me... Overall, because of the steak, the food was a 3. SERVICE: Good, solid and attentive... made sure my water was always filled and service was quick. 4. Overall, I thought that this place was decent. But for a steak place, I just expected more.
3	First off, for those that are confused - the Steaks at this restaurant do not actually strip, nor is this a strip club although there are several poles in the area which some guests seem to enjoy climbing onto.Anyway, when you enter this palace, you're initially greeted by a waiter who while nice, has just enough condescension, and general annoyance at your hopefully great (and perhaps alcoholically induced) mood, to let it show. That's the first mistake. These guys are not fun. They're here to give you their song and dance on their Steak and other assorted bits and pieces. You better pay attention.And so they do..."First, we spank the Cow for 30 days, until she is good and angry, and then we marinate her in a garlic olive oil arugula salad, while poking her with a pitch fork in a tub of fat-reduced sherry chutney, on top of a mound of butter farmed by orphans in Canada"...ok, not exactly but that's what it sounded like to me. It's actually hard not to laugh at how serious they take their ridiculous and unnecessary explanation. And I think that I did. And that made our guy a little upset. Just something not quite elegant about all these little details. And then you see "Lobster Fritters" on the menu and you come full circle with the classless mess that is Stripsteak, where my fondest hope was that the Cow would indeed disrobe at the end of the story.The Lobster Fritters (I personally did NOT order them) were ok. Kind of tasted like from frozen, but better quality than Weight Watchers. They come with Creme Fraiche so if you're looking to die of heart disease before your 30 lbs of red meat, this is the appetizer to get.Oysters were also just ok. Not fishy but just not great. And for 15-20 bucks, they should have been. Great, that is. They also only carry Kumamoto I believe, or some other mini Japanesey thing. Dude, Steakhouse - we need man Oysters here. Save these for your fake Sushi bar in the center of the hotel. (and they need it)Steaks do NOT come with condiments, so for a 50-60 dollar steak, assume another 20-30 bucks in potatoes and/or veggies. I had the scalloped something or other which was all in all - gross.The Steak (Rib) itself was good. Was it 60 dollars good? No. But one of the better things to eat at Mandalay and that's not saying much.They also keep trying to push their stupid fake Kobe beef on you. Man - it's not KOBE. Kobe beef is made under stringent and incredible conditions in Japan and Americans won't let it in the country, as I hear. This is American FOBE. So don't get sucked in. The cow did not drink any beer before getting massaged, and tattooed like they do in Tokyo. The other thing we noticed is that its the busboys, both here and at China Grill, that do the place justice from a service perspective. Our busboy (busman really) - Victor, was awesome, fun, polite, respectful and free of that ever present Vegas-condescending, elitist attitude that is spread around the hotel, and inhaled by most staff members.If you need to have Steak at Mandalay, go here if you don't want to walk for 4 minutes to Charlie Palmer at the adjoining 4 Seasons. Otherwise, walk on by
1	So either I'm crazy, I had an unusually bad experience, or I've just eaten at some really good steak houses and this one does not compare to those AT ALL.Here's my story:  made a reservation, got a great seat by the window so we could people watch, table was ready when we got there [good], and then everything went wrong from here.Took a friend of mine here from San Diego, I live close to Mandalay Bay, & I had a $50 Restaurant.com certificate, so it was a logical choice. My only downfall was I took her to Panevineo the night before so the dining experiences were extremely different.They don't serve bread to start, but rather french fries. Interesting. Making America fatter, I dig it!  I have never seen this before, I'd rather eat these with my meal then prior, but whatever. Fries were great! I mean they weren't McDonald's fries but they were dang tasty.Ordered 2 cocktails, one with a splash of cranberry [that never happened], limes in the cocktails were actually quite gross. They looked old and discolored they had been cut days prior and when we got brave enough to squeeze them into our drinks like 2 drops of juice came out.We ordered a stripsteak, lamb chops, and brussel sprouts [see pix].  Lamp chops came out extremely under done since my friend is Greek and ordered them well done, her mom likes to over cook lamb and that's how she's used to eating it.  She put some brussel sprouts on her plate and then we proceeded to hunt for our waitress so we could get the problem rectified.  Friend starts  eating the side dish on her plate, flag down a bus boy, who tells another waiter, waiter comes and removes her plate from in front of her--doesn't even offer to get her a side plate so she can continue to nibble, but says they'll bring out more sprouts. Now she has no food, no bread, so she's staring at me. Naturally, I offer some of my meal to her she starts eating some of my steak [fine].  About 10 mins later lamb comes back ready to be eaten.....no sprouts???? About 10 mins after that round 2 of sprouts appear.  OK so their preparation is interesting on this as well, they shave the sprouts so they remind you of cole slaw????  Add bacon and then drowned them in butter. Like there is a pool of butter on the bottom of the dish. Not my favorite. My strip steak was ok, but it needed chimichurri.  There wasn't really a selection of sauces you could put on your steak much like you would see at STK or other fine places in this city.  Menu was rather limited and lacked depth to me.No apologies for food, etc [fine] .  Bill finally comes, we've been here now for like an hour and a half, give them the restaurant.com certificate, and now the waitress has to find the manager to take it off.  ANOTHER 10 mins goes by, finally get the bill back, and thankfully we checked b/c they took the certificate off but then added 18% gratuity. OK. Our waitress was not worth 18%, I can guarantee you that, but fine.   What I didn't like was that she didn't mention that the tip was on there, which I HATE.  She was sat with a 10 to 15 top in the back, and 3 tables of 4.  THEN another table sat down of 6 men. They got the menu, waited a bit, no-one came to help them, they got up and LEFT--and I don't blame them.So that was my story and my morale is: pick another steakhouse :) there's some really good ones in town.
5	A big group of us went for dinner the other night, and we essentially got a tasting menu of sorts.  There were a few things that were only okay, but on the whole, everything was really really good. And yes, they do a trio of french fries to start.  I've noticed Michael Mina loves doing things in threes, and this place is no different.Duck Spring Rolls - tasty, but nothing to knock your socks off.Kobe Filet Tartare - very tender, very good. Some of the best tartare I've hadAhi Tuna and Hamachi Poppers - loved these.  Just little circles of crispy rice with a little bit of fish on top with some vinegar/soy sauce concoction I hope I'm attributing the reviews to the right meats, but was rather drunk by this point, so here goes:Filet Mignon - very tender and flavorful, but maybe even a little over seasoned. Ribeye - Amazing.  Tender, flavorful, and not gussied up by a lot of seasoning.  Strip - good, but definitely liked the other two better.  For the sides, we had the Broccolini, Spinach, Mac & Cheese, and Potato Puree Trio.  All of them were good, but I especially liked the mac & cheese and horseradish potato.  All in all, it came out to about $150 per person (including tip) with a bunch of wine. So yes, it is pretty expensive, but it definitely is some very good food.
2	Atmosphere...Nice, Steak...fair, Service...not good (slow to non-existant).  Have had better for the price.  FYI...Take your own bottle of wine and pay the corking fee...crazy expensive for average bottles (unless you are looking for the rare/$$$$ bottle)
3	I really wanted to love this place. We stayed at THEhotel and I had a restaurant.com certificate for $50 off so I just had to try it. We didn't have reservations so sat at the bar to avoid a wait for a table and this may have been a mistake.The duck fat fries are very very good and the fact that they are complementary makes them even better! I just wish they would have been hot or warmer.We ordered the following:chicken with truffle mac n cheesefiletThe chicken with truffle mac n cheese was so good, I loved the mac n cheese! Would highly recommend this dish.Now the reason for the 3 stars - the filet, it was cold and under seasoned. We've tried many different steakhouses and I don't think our standards are too high (we even love the steak at applebees!) but this was definitely not a $56 piece of meat. The quality was good but the way it was cook, was not. This is a steakhouse so the expectations for a good steak were a little higher.If you are going here, definitely get the restaurant.com certificate and save yourself some $$$
3	Not that this place was bad in any way, it was just very ordinary. The service was ordinary (we had a large group), the steak tasted as an aged steak should taste, the sides all had nice flavor. I just feel like there are lot of these steakhouses out there. Where is the risk? Where is that special thing that sets this place apart? If I'm going to go all the way out to Vegas for a steak, with all the options that are out there, all the huge names that opened a location to be part of the Vegas culinary experince I would want more than I got at Stripsteak.
5	Two and a half years and another dozen visits since my initial review, StripSteak remains one of the top new American steakhouses in Vegas.For starters, do not pass up the foie sliders.  This signature dish is topped with a tangy pineapple chutney and sweet onion jus that perfectly balance the richness of the foie.  Incredible.  The Kobe beef carpaccio, finished with south east Asian flavors is delicious.  Different from most, the coconut and Thai chili focuses the flavor of the raw beef and brings out its natural sweetness.  The duck confit spring rolls and Maine lobster fritters are also worth a try.Sadly, A5 grades of beef are no longer offered.  The most flavorful of their current steaks is the American Kobe rib cap.  Sublime beef flavor.  Heady umame from the wood burning grill.  Great texture.  Add a side of roasted marrow bones and you're in beef heaven.   (I promise I don't eat liver with fava beans and a nice Chianti). Non-beef mains?  Who knows.  You don't go to a steakhouse to eat chicken or fish.Desert?  No room.The wine list is outstanding, with a lot of gems from around the world.  Vegas resort pricing except for more expensive bottles where the markup is low.  Very Important:  The typical guest at this hip steakhouse has a lot of, how to put it,  disposable income.  The sommeliers try not to insult guest by asking how much they want to spend but rather make recommendations based on the caliber of the first bottle selected.  Save yourself the grief, Speak clearly and tell them what you want to spend.  Its not fun to be presented with an unexpected four figure wine tab.Service remains excellent.Highly Recommended
4	Got the Ahi & Hamachi poppers, duck spring rolls, wedge salad, Kansas City Strip, and beignets with creme brule.  All of the food was decent but the ambiance just wasn't there with too many waiters running around our table.
3	Well when Im in Vegas I always try to fulfill my dream of trying all the best ribeye steak in America! I had heard about this place and it was on the restaurant week list. I decided to try the 18oz bone in  ribeye and my girlfriend had the 8 oz filet mignon (the special) it started with flavored duck fat french fries and several dipping sauces (instead of bread), which i was a big fan. fries do tend to harden up pretty fast, so they did tend to get a bit rubbery as the night went on. We then shared a wedge salad with blue cheese and bacon....very good and classic starter.  The steaks came out... mine ala cart and hers with a few sides ( the special) They were both cooked on the flaming grill which could be viewed from the dining room. the sides of truffled mac and cheese , the brussel sprouts with bacon and the spinach with..... you guessed it  .... bacon!!  were all good. Really though how can you go wrong with adding bacon??? the wait staff were very nice, and our waiter even gave us a few samples of wine to try before we made our decision ( I like that)   On to the highlight!  My steak was a little more fatty than marbled, a little undercooked (which they fixed) and a little smaller than other 18oz ribeyes I have had ( the aging ??) anyway I could have had a bad piece as the filet was very tender and flavorful ( this was a great restaurant week deal) and the special even came with a mini creme brulee and 2 beignets. I must say that this is a 3/12 star place but I cant do that!  BTW we did stop by the first night for Happy Hour and I did have the Prime Rib sliders 2 for $10.00   they were excellent!  These sliders made me think of 4 stars rather than 3!!
3	My Mother-In-Law & I chose StripSteak for dinner one evening during our stay at Mandalay Bay. First of all, every restaurant in a hotel in Las Vegas is over priced, as expected. We decided we would have our splurge night here. Anyways...We were able to be seated without a reservation, about 6:30. We ordered two glasses of Pinot Noir at $15 a piece. Our server told us we would be receiving a complimentary appetizer that evening. The appetizer were duck fat cooked french fries, done three ways. The fries were amazing, each seperately dished, seasoned and they each came with their own dipping sauce. Really tasty. Due to the pricing, my mother in law and I decided to share one of the larger steaks and order two seperate sides. I believe we ordered the 16 oz Kansas City Strip. $50+ for the one steak, a la carte. The steak was cooked to order, medium rare.Now, on to why I am rating three stars. I LOVE steak, cooked many different ways. The steak had a nice charred crust, which I love. But, it tasted like charred, burnt butter, which delivered a very unpleasant, bitter, chary taste which I was not expecting with a steak of this caliber. It was seriously unpleasant and I having to try hard to eat it all. Otherwise, we ordered the brussel sprouts which were AMAZING in their bacony, vinegary goodness. We also ordered baked Artichoke with goat cheese, which were also amazing, but personally, I would have ordered double brussel sprouts. Onto desert, I cannot personally recall the name of the dish, but I know it came with cocoa nib ice cream which was heavenly. Our service was excellent, and we had a very pleasureable dining experience. It can get a little loud, but the ambiance is excellent. So 3 stars due to the over excessive pricing and the charred taste of the steaks. Otherwise, it was great!
5	NOTE:  This review is specifically for their happy hour.Stripsteak is located in the restaurant wing/section of Mandalay Bay, and offers happy hour daily from 400-600pm.  Seating is first come first serve at the bar and lounge area in the front section of the restaurant.  Although the food offerings/specials for happy hour are few in number, all doubts will be cast away as soon as you get a whiff and taste of the food.The bar and lounge food menu consists of a mere 5 items, and my friend and I decided on 3:1)  Prime Rib Sliders, $10; au jus with brioche bun2)  Meatballs, $8; with heirloom tomato sauce and aged jack cheese3)  Duck Spring Roll, $9; hot and sour cherry sauceWe ordered 1 item that was not listed on the menu, and that was the the trio of duck fat fries with herb, truffle, and bbq dipping sauces..As far as drinks, select beers are $3, well drinks $6, and an assortment of "featured cocktails" are $6 as well.Aside from the duck fat fries, our other favorite dish of the evening were the meatballs, as we thought the combination of the sauce and aged jack cheese certainly made a flavorful combination.  The prime rib sliders can be slightly on the messy side so make sure to have ample napkins available.  The spring rolls were delicious, but not as wonderful as the duck fat fries.  Truth be told, my friend and I ordered and devoured 2 orders of duck fat fries that night.....that dish is a winner!SERVICE:  Excellent and outstanding.  The 2 female servers were very polite, patient, and always checked on us in a timely manner.Bottom Line:  One of the happiest hours I've been to =)  I'll definitely be back on future trips to Vegas.
4	Damn good food.  This place is noticeably better than the Palm.  You can't go wrong with anything you order.
5	Expensive, but you get what you pay for.  I had the rib-eye and my girlfriend had the salmon.  Both were outstanding.  We don't eat at restaurants of this caliber too often (aka once a year), so I don't have a lot to compare it to; however, we walked away with a $150 bill and did not feel like we paid too much.  Also, despite our young and slightly under-dressed appearance our server provided us with top notch service.
5	My husband and I went here for Valentine's this year, and had an absolutely fantastic time. We started with tasty drinks at the bar, and then moved on to a great meal. To begin our meal, the chef served complimentary duck fat fries with truffle sauce that were to die for. We both had Kansas City strips, and they were cooked to perfection. We also shared two sides: truffled mac & cheese and scalloped potatoes. The truffle mac & cheese was incredible, and the potatoes were also very good. For just over $200, we enjoyed a great dinner, great service, and relaxing atmosphere.
5	MARROW.... MARROW.... MARROW....Enjoyed an incredible bone in steak (it was a limited time cut that was featured for a limited time) with a side of duck fat fries and macaroni. All of it was delicious, yet ALL PAIL IN COMPARISON to the marrow marrow marrow! Described by a friend as "Buttery-butter," smear and/or shmear the stuff over the accompanied toast or whatever your heart desires. If you're feeling crazy, coat it over your steak.  Worth every penny (stay at THE HOTEL and save a few bucks).
5	This place is DELICIOUS !!!!!!They give you complimentary Duck Fat Fries to try and they are delicious. I had the Fillet Mignon Steak with a side of their Macaroni and truffle cheese.The steak is sooo tender !!!The taste compliments each other in an amazing way.This is the 2nd time I visit Vegas from NY and Both times this place has been great !The service is great also, very polite and always attentive to your table !!!!!Awesome Food with Great Customer Service!!!!!!
1	Went to the restaurant on April 10 with friends.  I have eaten at many fine steak houses all over the country (Peter Lugers, Mastros, Burns, etc.) and I can say without reservation that everything was great at this restaurant (side dishes, appetizers, wine) except the STEAK.  I had the $52 bone-in ribeye and it was an outback steakhouse equivalent at best (and I may be offending Outback).  It took a long time to receive and was barely warm when it got to the table.  We had to send two steaks back to be reheated.  It was 30% fat, thin, and just not good.  I rarely leave negative feedback but just had to relate our terrible, terrible experience.  Consider carefully before wasting your money.
2	I hate writing negative reviews, but this place truly is a glorified Outback Steakhouse.My boyfriend and I ordered the Wagyu Filet and it tasted like a regular filet from Outback! Even now, my boyfriend swears they gave us a regular filet instead of the Wagyu...he could be right!We spent over $400 on dinner, including wine, dessert and an appetizer. However, it was not satisfying. We easily spend hundreds of dollars on meals because of the experience we're getting, but this was truly not worth it. The bone marrow was good, but I just couldn't stomach eating a $72 filet that tasted mediocre at best. The highlight of our meal was the duck fat fries with white truffle oil infused dipping sauce, the wonderful piece of cauliflower that accompanied my phony filet and the Darjeeling tea (this was outstanding).I think we'll be trying Jean Georges steak house at the Aria next time. Apparently the Wagyu beef is phenomenal there...and legit!
5	What a place! GREAT food. Steak, steak and more steak....This was the cap on a very cool trip...Mandalay Bay, Janet Air, training, Stripsteak. Can't wait to return!!!
4	My wife and I ate here last night.  Other than her salmon being slightly overcooked and the steep cost, we did have a good experience.  I had the bone in rib eye and it was extremely tender.  The duck fries are outstanding and the trio of mashed potatoes were outstanding.  Waiter was pleasant and service was fine.
5	Best steak hands down. Excellent atmosphere... Waitress () was very nice. Bathrooms are totally cool.  Wagyu steak rib eye and rib cap were perfectly cooked and tasted delicious. Also ordered the Mac n cheese and mushrooms which were both surprisingly delicious. The chef made us three different types of fries: garlic, duck fat and regular. With three types of sauce. Totally worth it!!! I will definitely visit here again...
5	If you like steak or steakhouses, this place is a MUST try!!!  There are so many appealing reasons to go that you have no excuses the next time you're in Vegas.  Can you get a discount?  Yup! Restaurant.com has $50 off certificates you can buy for about $4. Is it highly rated?  Yup!  Esquire Magazine has it listed as one of the top 10 steakhouses in the US!  Easy to make reservations? Opentable.com easy.  Is it modern and trendy?  Duck fat fries!!!!We ordered:Duck fat fries (complimentary)Foie gras sliders $22Potato puree trio $14Creamed spinach with bacon sauce $10and we both ordered the Ribeye in bone $52 eachSurprisingly, the duck fat fries came free instead of bread, and they were awesome.  It came with 3 sauces, truffle, ketchup, and ranch.  They were very crispy and you could totally taste the duck goodness in every bite, especially as an aftertaste.  I had been meaning to try duck fat fries in LA and they have a place on Western in KTown, but haven't tried them yet so this was an unexpected treat.  The sliders were delicious, though only about 2.5 bites each.  The steaks came out and you could really taste the quality beefiness with the first mouth watering bite.  Very tender, flavorful and perfectly seasoned, bite after bite was lip smacking good.  I love mashed potatoes and the puree trio did not disappoint. They came in 3 blends: wasabi, lobster, and sour cream and chives.  Of the 3, I really liked lobster the best and though it didn't have any chunks of lobster the flavor was there and really well infused.  The other 2 were delicious though and if I had some bread to wipe up the remainder I most definitely would have.  The creamed spinach was awesome too, though pretty pricy for $10 with the amount they give.  Not a big deal.We were also given $50 credit from Mandalay Bay because we were staying there and it was part of our package.  The restaurant is located in the casino so we actually got $100 off with the restaurant.com gift certificate.  You can't beat that!  One of the best steak dinners I've had and literally half off.  Beat that suckas!!
5	Steak was cooked perfectly, had the filet...duck fat fries were great as was the mack/cheese with truffle oil
5	My favorite steakhouse in Vegas.   Steaks have a slight hint of smokey flavor that makes them unique from most high end steakhouses.   Awesome duck fat fries and tremendous service.
5	Loved the porterhouse! Excellent wines.
5	During a recent trip to Vegas with three of my favorite "meat and potatoe" guys, I knew we had to eat at this highly acclaimed Michael Mina restaurant.  What an experience!  I am not a vegetarian but I don't eat steak very often.  This night I opted for the rib eye.  BEST STEAK ever!  I could only eat about 1/4 of it but every bite was amazing.  Two of my fellas got the same but my Son got the wagyu cut (this has replaced Kobe).  I was a little put off by the texture and appearance of this steak and did not try it.  My Son said the flavor was amazing and that he was glad he tried it but would probably never order it again because of the texture.  It was soft and gelatinous which was very unappealing to all of us.  We were pleasantly surprised with a complimentary amuse bouche of the duck-fat fries with dipping sauces.  There were plenty for all four of us.  There were three different types of fries and they were all unique and delicious; however, one of them was a little too salty for my palate.  The men thoroughly enjoyed them.  We ordered several of the sides with the stand-out being the truffle and macaroni and cheese.  The cocktail and beer selection was amazing as well.  It was a wonderful dining experience.   The server was knowledgeable and attentive.  She surprised us with complimentary "kibble" (out of this world, delicious, chocolate-covered gourmet popcorn) when she delivered our bill.  I ate one of the bags before we even left the restaurant.  ADDICTIVE!!  Be prepared to dig deep into your wallet though because this place is not inexpensive.  We felt it was worth every penny but this restaurant is not for someone on a budget.
4	We went here because we had a restaurant.com coupon, and we were feeling a little fancy.  I really liked the look and feel of the restaurant, but I wasn't a fan of how they seated us (just 2 of us).  The tables were pretty close where we were sitting, and I felt the table was awkwardly long.  I wasn't too concerned about this part too.We started out with complimentary Duck Fat Fries that came with 3 different sauces.  They came out a little cold, but for being free they were enjoyable.  I'm not sure I would order them off the menu, unless they came out piping hot.  (I like my fried foods as hot as they can get).My fiance ordered the filet mignon, and I ordered the rib-eye.  They butter poach their steaks, which makes them juicy and delicious!  I enjoyed my rib-eye, but the filet mignon was superior by far.  We ordered wine with dinner, but I can't remember what we ordered.  As far as sides, we ordered the creamed bacon spinach and potato puree 3 ways (one was with lobster, one with horseradish, and one was cheesy i think?).  The lobster mashed potatoes WERE SOOOO GOOD.  They were amazing.  I liked the bite of the horseradish ones, and the cheesy ones were also very good.  The creamed bacon spinach had a liquid smoke flavor, which I was indifferent about.  It was good, but I think I would try something else next time.  I'm just not a huge fan of artificial smoke flavor.  Fiance ordered a cappuccino for dessert.  It was above average, good for a steak house.  All in all, I would definitely like to come here again, but I'll be trying out other steak places before my return.  I would definitely get the lobster potatoes again, and the filet mignon.
5	My husband took me here for my birthday and I loved it. When i got there, they had a handmade birthday card ready for me thought that was sweet. The waitress was very polite and did a great job. We got these complimentary "Duck Fat Fries" with 3 dipping sauces and Oh my Yummy goodness!!! I still crave them every so often, they were that good. The food was very good as well and large portions. we got a porterhouse steak with two sides and it was enough to fill us up. The only downside is dinner was a bit expensive but well worth it. I highly recommend you try this restaurant.
5	Love Stripsteak.  Everything that they had there was absolutely incredible.  I had the best steak I have ever had in my life there.  So good.
5	This was the best meal from start to finish I have had in Las Vegas in 20+ years. We started with the Ahi and Hamachi appetizer and of course the complimentary Duck fat fries, AMAZING! We then had a dinner salad that we split, perfect size. We ordered the Kansas City Strip split with asparagus and the truffled mac & cheese. The service was impeccable and was the perfect match to go along with this dining experience. I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone who loves a great steak. Michael Mina is simply the BEST!!
5	Incredible experience from beginning to end!!!! Sat at the bar waiting on my lady to arrive and was warm welcomed and exceptionally serviced.  We had 8:30 reservations and were a little late. The management and host staff made sure that we were taken care of and sat promptly once the rest of my party arrived. Once sat, the exceptional service from our waitress topped many dining experiences we have had here in Vegas (I am a local, and work in the industry). I had the Rib-eye charred med-r (restaurant lingo) and the wife had the scallop dish.  She loved the scallops, and my Rib-eye was perfect! The ambiance blew me away, the food was really good, and the service was top-notch!!! I will def. be back and recommend this place to anyone looking for a great Vegas experience.
5	Amazing steaks...well executed menu...great server...nice greeting...nice "thank you" on the way out...great cocktails.  Our family comes here everytime we are in Vegas...and they never disappoint so far.
5	5 stars and 2 prehensile thumbs way, way up.The best steak I have ever had. The most expensive steak I have ever had, but still the absolutelypositivelyincredibly best. In fact, itr was so good, I went back 2 nights later.....and it was still the best steak I have ever had.Enough of the superlatives. Let's get down to business. (Business? Whussupwidat? It's steak. Exactly - the business of enjoying a great steak is part of the fun.)In Vegas for a conference, staying at the Mandalay Bay. Found Strip Steak.Decided to give it a try. Sat at the bar.Enjoyed a cold Ciroc martini.Had the bartender uncork a bottle of Cain Five.Ordered the Kobe beef rib cap......so the story goes....back in Vegas later this month..........I know where I'm going.......and it ain't Disneyland.
1	we made a reervation and still had to wait an hour, This place sucks. The chicken was dry and had barely any jus on it. The steaks sucked and everything was very bland and not flavorful. Service sucked too. I recommend stk or boa. This place should shut down. Way over rated.
1	Very disappointing.  Ordered a vegetarian entree, my husband eats steak I don't and all it was was a slice of romaine lettuce that was literally thrown on the grill, a runny hummus that didn't even stick on the spoon, burnt pita bread, a tablespoon (literally) of Mac n cheese and some asparagus. The nerve of them to charge $30 for this. The mgr came over and asked what was wrong and i told him that the vegetarian entree prepared by the chef was disappointing to say the least and i showed him the hummus. He seemed shocked saying how people ask for the recipe of the hummus all the time. Not a very good response to someone who was clearly not happy with what was supposed to be an entree. It looked like the chef just threw together whatever he had laying around and called it an entree. Even more Strange since no where on the menu can you even order hummus so how would anyone even know that they make it to ask for the recipe? The appetizer we ordered originally was artichokes in a cream sauce but when it arrived it was nothing more than a greasy sloppy mess of a "soup" swimming in butter so we sent it back. Didn't even bother to tell the mgr about that one because i really didn't want to hear how that recipe is often requested as well. It was horrid. My husband had a steak and it was just ok. Nothing special about this place at all and in my opinion it's just another overpriced restaurant in a strip hotel. Ive been to much better ones at other hotels. Craftsteak at the mgm for example was much better as was delmonicos in the venetian just to name a few.Also careful when ordering steak as they seem to have their own grading scale on med med well and well done with about six variations. We saw a table right next to ours send their steaks back three times, each time it came out it went right back. Not a place I would care to revisit anytime soon sorry.
5	I have been here four times....it is far and away THE best steak place in Vegas.  The duck fat fries they bring out should be illegal because they are so damn good.  They give you three different dipping sauces as well.  Service has always been great.  I usually go to Vegas at least once a year and for 5-6 nights....We always try a different steak place but always come back here.  I look forward to coming back and eating again.
3	-Excellent service and complimentary fries.Wait staff came by regularly and were friendly.  The complimentary fries were quite tasty and interesting to try as there were three different flavored fries.-The food was good, but nothing spectacular and not worth the expensive price. But then again, many restaurants in Vegas are expensive.Overpriced rib-eye tasted like any average chain restaurant (maybe it is because I grew up in the bay area that we just have higher quality restaurants).        -Decor seemed jumbled and possibly outdated.The lighting and see-through dry marinate station make this place seem like the type of classy or pretentious restaurants. But the televisions and generic steak house seats seem like they were trying to also create the classic steak house.  These clash with each other and does not have a coherent ambiance to the restaurant.
4	I had the opportunity to try Stripsteak this past weekend, and the food held up to my expectations. We shared the porterhouse, along with the souffled spinach and mushrooms. The porterhouse was the perfect cut for us to share, and it was juicy, tender, and well-seasoned. The star of the night was the souffled spinach, which was so unique. It walked a fine line between savory and sweet, because I expected every bite to taste sweet (I'm thinking it's a souffle!) but it tasted like spinach. I would highly recommend it! The mushrooms were good too, but definitely get the spinach.My friend had the Stripsteak which had really good flavor but was a tad on the chewy side. And did I mention they served complimentary fries? I was happy with the meal, and would return to try some of the other cuts.
4	One of the best steaks I've had in a long, long time.  Cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Service was a bit slow, but our poor waitress was tending at least a dozen tables.  She was good but one person can only do so much.  At least I'm sure she made a lot of money that night.I will definitely be back next time I'm at Mandalay.
4	We stopped in for quick appetizers and this place was awesome!I can't say anything about the steak but the appetizers we had were soooo good. The lobster fritters were so delicious. Good environment, great service!
5	I have been fortunate enough to dine at this restaurant twice, once last year and most recently this past weekend. On both occasions my dining experience was excellent. On my first visit I had a full three-course meal that ranks as one of my best dining experiences ever. My most recent meal was simpler (entree, side dish and coffee) but was still outstanding. I ordered the 12 oz. skirt steak with a side of scalloped potatoes with bleu cheese. Both portions were beautifully prepared and absolutely delicious. The scalloped potatoes in particular are unbelievably rich but also completely heavenly. Special mention should also go to the free sampler of french fries (herb, truffle, and peanut) and dipping sauces that I received while waiting for my main course. My server was very friendly and professional as were the host staff. All in all, this is an excellent high-end steakhouse that more than justifies it's hefty price-level. Recommended!
5	THE best restaurant I ate at in Vegas. Located in Mandalay Bay. Awesome food amazing staff and deserts to die for. YUMI!
5	If you're rockin your shorts, flippy floppies and your Iron Maiden t-shirt, this may not be the place for you.  This is a fine dining experience which means fancy shmancy and a grip o' cash.  So if you're up for that AND you have a few dollah bills left from your rainmaker performance at da club, then you should definitely check this place out.  Great wines, food, service, hell even the coffee was very good.  Just a great overall experience if you're willing to pay for it.
3	Went here again with a restaurant.com coupon, since we were staying at this hotel. My wife and I both the 8 oz. Wagyu beef ribeye this time. Mine was a bit overcooked but not too badly.. my wife's was done perfectly and it really made a difference. I was more excited about the bleu cheese scalloped potatoes and the duck spring rolls. I'm sticking with 3 stars, but I think my wife would of given at least one more.
1	We came back to Stripsteak after enjoying it the previous time and found that the experience did not duplicate itself. This visit was the worst experience I have ever had at a Steakhouse. The hostess was rude and inattentive, we had a reservation for when they opened and they sat all the waiting families and wouldnt seat us! I had to go up and ask to be seated again. The waitress was okay but not very attentive to our table.The fries were good of course, as was the salad and the soup, but then the main reason you go to a steakhouse, the steak, was awful! I cannot stress this enough, my ribeye steak was no better than a $10 steak I could buy at Wal-Mart, actually it might not have even been that good. Well over half the steak was inedible, it came out cold, as did all of our sides. I would have sent the steak back but I couldnt get the waitresses attention to come check on how the steak was. For what you are paying this place was not even close to worth it. Just plain awful experience. We will never go there again.
5	Easy and quick review.Trio of Duck Fat Fries.End cut Prime Ribeye.Passion  Fruit Brulee (with actual passion fruit pieces IN the Brulee... It was like fruit cocktail for adults!)If you need more explanation that this, then you really don't deserve to eat here.
5	Two days in a row!  Damn good steak.  I had to tap into my son's college fund.
5	As Borat once said, "wow wow wee wow!!!" ... I had a great experience here!Is it wrong that I ordered a second serving of the duck fat fries?  I couldn't help myself.So from a recommendation from My T, I ordered the Wagyu Rib Cap... it is a slightly different cut from the Wagyu Rib Eye, and just $3 more.  According to our server, it is a special cut from the top of the ribs, and slightly more flavorful than the rib eye.  Honestly, I bet they are both delicious.  My medium rib cap came out, it was tender as all tenderness can be.  I had to resist eating it within 10 seconds.  Our sides were the trio of mashed potato (Horseradish, Sour cream and onion, and lobster).  I may have an eating disorder because I was dipping my duck fat fries and using the mashed potatoes as a dipping sauce.Great meal, our server was very informative.  The restaurant is really nice and not loud like some of the steakhouses can be in Vegas (sometimes you feel like you're at a nightclub!)  There is a great picture spot where they have all the olive oil in jars along the wall).  I'm not sure how an animal activist will handle this place because there are glass windows with the Wagyu beef hanging.  I'm not sure if that would be the design of my choice personally, but the food will steal the show once it is cooked and in front of you, I promise.
5	Omg wow the tuna tartare appetizer is the BOMB (ahi and hamachi poppers). The ponzu sauce is PERFECT with it, too. I could have eaten 3 dishes.Mashed potato trio: BIG portions!!! Wasabi: not too spicy. Lobster: delicate and sweet. Sour cream and chive: like a pureed mashed potatoDuck fat fries: not bad. All three were different enough, and all three were good. I liked the two white dipping sauces that came with them, too.Nice and thoughtful (and free!) congratulations ice cream for the bride to be in our group, and a couple portions of caramel corn to top it off! This was a seriously great experience.There were 11 of us, and the waiter apologized twice for the long wait, but there really wasn't a long wait for our food at all. Nothing I would have ever complained about. I thought it was odd he was apologizing because I just thought it was a normal wait. They need to turn down the AC though! It was super cold =(
4	Michael Mina is a deity among men. A friend and I came here for dinner and sat at the bar. Normally this area of a restaurant does not provide the most stellar of service but our bartender, Chris, was on point. He often checked up on us and made sure to glance over once in a while as well. We started off with the wagyu steak tartar. The fat ratio coated our mouths and when paired with the Ermitage M. Chapoutier 1997 it was heaven. Although I was getting full by this stage we continued with their New York Strip, bleu cheese scalloped potatoes, and the creamed corn. I am glad we split because I would have gone into a coma. The steak was melt in your mouth tender. Cooked to a medium and I was not ready to throw in the towel. By the time dessert rolled around, I was about to die. The chocolate cake with spiced cherries was decent. It was a concentrated brick of decadence. I am not always a chocolate person, which made this too much for me. The strawberry pavlova was the highlight for me. The chef takes a classic dish normally eaten in Australia and New Zealand and puts his spin on it. I have tried this dessert a few times while traveling abroad and never liked it. It tends to be too sweet. Stripsteak's version was a more mellow presentation. Before presentation a strawberry jus is poured over the fresh fruit. The combination of that with the basil ice cream is magnificent. We had also got the beignets with a McCallan 18 caramel which I didn't care for. Liked that the taste of the scotch was preserved well, but the pastry was too dense.
4	Just came back from a bachelor party for my buddy in Las Vegas, and this is about the only part of it I can talk about! The group of us came here for our "upscale" meal the first night, and it was about everything I hoped it would be! Upon being seated, we were provided with a platter of 3 different kinds of fries with 3 different types of dips complimentary! I don't recall what each different kind of fries and dips (well, one was kethcup lol), but they all tasted great and got the meal started off right. For dinner, I decided to have the 10 oz Filet Mignon, along with a side of their charred asparagus. I must say, the Filet was incredible! A perfectly cooked medium, the meat melted in my mouth like butter, and had a nice seasoning crust on it as well. 10 oz might not sound like much, but it was more than filling, and the asparagus was great as well. Probably my only complaint, for such an expensive restaurant, the ambiance could have been a little more "eye-catching', but the food was definitely up to par. All in all, a perfect, "man's" meal to kick off our bachelor party weekend (though definitely a pricey one)!
5	Loved it!!! Amuse Fries were served as soon as we got our drinks they were delish - three different kinds, one being done with truffle oil - AMAZING!!! My hubby and I enjoyed their lobster fritters and duck sliders too. For the main course you will be super happy if you go with one of their steak options - my hubby had wagyu ribcap and said it was a true perfection. I was absolutely happy with my loup de mer which you cannot get fresh in a lot of places. Service was also excellent!!!
4	The duck fat fries w/dipping sauces were great. The drinks were delicious. The Mac and Cheese was good, but honestly the steaks weren't all that. Maybe it's just me because my husband is an excellent cook, but I thought his steaks were better than the one I had here. It was good, don't get me wrong, but I would much rather go to Gordon Ramsay's Steak.
4	first time for my wife and i.the place looks very classy and feels that way with attention to details by all staffi loved the meat fridge where you see all the aged steakswe also loved the complimentary fries they send over with 3 dipping sauces that i guess replaces traditonal bread and were very tasty.i had a 16 once kansas city steak which was perfectly cooked (rare of course), bone in and was very tasty. we wanted to try the special sauces that come with the steak and ended up paying $6 for the trio of sauces that were just ok. honeslty - you can give a 3rd of the amount they gave in each jar and just offer a sauce for free....you pay $50 for steak.....they can add a little sauce free of charge which will be much classiermy wife had a kobe beef burger which was tasty. (we had already kobe beef burgers before and we always feel its stupid and waist of good beef as you cant tell the difference....you can use regular beef and add 30% fat and will get the same result and fraction of the price)3 beers later and a bill over $100 was somewhat pricey affairbut food was good and vibe was right
4	Great steaks and great staff.I have been here using Restaurant.com vouchers and they have been awesome in accommodating me even if I do not pay full price.Try them out, they have a great view of the steak storage and kitchen.
5	I came for dinner with my husband and some friends the night before a 50 mile bike race, so i wasn't able to splurge the way I would have liked.  However, my meal and the mini teasing bites of steak that I did have were incredible.  I ordered the chicken confit, which is served with a side of the truffle mac n cheese.  If this wasn't a steakhouse, then I would order it again in a heartbeat.  It was bursting with flavor.  My husband ordered the skirtsteak and i took a bite of it, and savored the flavorful tenderness.  On a previous visit, he ordered the dry aged bone-in ribeye and he claims that it was the best steak he has ever had.  On this particular visit, he wasn't very hungry, hence the smaller order.  Our friends ordered the ribeye and the filet mignon, and they enjoyed every bite.  They shared the truffle mac n cheese sides and the spinach souffle.  Everything was devoured.  In fact, we practically had to tear the truffle mac n cheese bowl away from our friend before he started licking it clean. I also did try the 3 types of complimentary duck fat fried french fries and the accompanying sauces.  The truffle dipping sauce was heavenly.  I am surprised that I was able to restrain myself the way I did.  The food isn't the only thing calling my name... So is the House made ROCK N' RYE cocktail.  Holy sweet mother of Jesus! This drink is amazing. It consists of Wild Turkey Rye infused with Rock Candy, Citrus & Aromatics. The flavors are melded together for 30 days before it is poured over one giant ice cube.  This alone is a 5 star cocktail.  I can't wait to return and have a whole glass to myself.  Or maybe even two. Reservations are a must! Be warned- it is quite loud at this restaurant.  It was a little difficult to have a conversation without leaning in to hear, but it is definitely a fun atmosphere.  I was disappointed with the Michael Mina restaurant in the Bellagio, but Chef Mina has been redeemed by STRIPSTEAK!
5	One quote says it all "The Waygu Rib Cap was the best steak I have ever had!". This was from my Dad after we finnished dinner last Tuesday night. Everything was perfection. We started with the complimentary duck fat fries. Each type had it's own mouthwatering flavors, but my Dad's favorite was the truffle, while mine was the Old Bay Seasoning with the herb sauce. YUM. We also ordered the fresh oysters. We were given the choice of east or west coast, and we chose the smaller, sweeter Kusshi oysters from the west. They were perfect. The minuet sauce was fresh and paired with they perfectly. We then split a caesar salad. I loved their dressing and how it came with a anchovie on the side. Onto the STEAK. Which is why you really need to come here in the first place. Like I said, he ordered the Waygu Rib Cap, which if you read the other reviews is amazing. It's rich and full of flavor. It's Waygu, so expect it to be a little fatty (but a GOOD, full of FLAVOR fatty). I ordered the Filet, which was cooked just the way I like it. Both were medium rare. The rib cap had a nice charred crust on it which is another sign that it was cooked properly. THE SIDES - oh the sides! We ordered the trio of potato puree. Horseradish, Lobster, and Sour Cream & Onion. My favorite was the horseradish becasue it think it pairs well with the meat. His favorite was the lobster with nice big chunks of loster in it. Basically to die for. We also had the creamed spinach which was another favorite. Honestly I can't say a bad thing about this meal. We finnsihed off a bottle of wine between the two of us. Yes it's expensive, but a nice steakhouse in Vegas SHOULD be expensive! It's all about the service, amazing food, and atmosphere. I wouldn't hesitate to reccommend this place to ALL of my friends looking for a nice night out!
5	It may sound like a 4 year old wrote the review of this fine steakhouse because i would go here just to eat the French fries and Mac n cheese.Bread before your meal is overrated bring me duck fat french fries any day. As for the truffle mac n cheese it is the best side dish I have ever eaten in any restaurant anywhere in the world. It's really that good!Don't cheat yourself, if you are in Vegas go to stripsteak and get any of the awesome steaks but make sure you get the Mac n cheese!
5	Ok WOW where do I begin? Hum maybe the waygu that melted in my mouth or the fries in duck fat!!! Either way this place is a HIT!!!!! we had such a wonderful experience from beginning to end. Not only is the food here simply mouth watering in you mouth but the service is above and beyond!!
5	Simply the best steak of my life.  I have eaten here twice.  Excellent wine selection.  BYOB allowed.  Wagyu beef is amazing.  Perfect preparation.  Worth every penny and I cannot wait to get back.
4	The duck fat fries, in fact the trio of fries we were served before dinner were really good, perfectly crispy. My husband enjoyed his filet, I had the pork chop. My pork chop was excellent, probably the best I have ever eaten. Service was good. Only thing I didn't care for were the weird sofa things they had for seating in the dining area---they were way too low & made it awkward to eat.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant during our last visit.  I had been here before when my palate wasn't as refined as it is now and I wasn't too thrilled with it.  I think it was because we had intended to go to Shanghai Lilly but it was closed and we ended up here.  I liked it much better the second time around.Who can resist their complementary duck fat fries?  The perfect way to start out our culinary experience.  The starter came with 3 different sauces that complemented the 3 different types of fries they gave us.  Our table ate them up!  They were so good.  I would go just for that!The chicken breast was the perfect portion of white meat and pieces of crisp dark meat.  It came with truffle mac and cheese that was more delectable than it should have been.  A nice balance of cheese and truffle oil, but not too much truffle oil that it was over powering.Their special was a pork chop with jalapeno creamed corn which was my FAVORITE part of my dinner.  It wasn't too spicy like I had anticipated.  The first bite is a kick but once you get to the sweetness of the corn, it extinguishes the fire of the jalapeno and becomes this perfect balance of sweet and spicy.The potato puree trio was pretty darn good.  It came with 3 different potato purees: lobster, onion and sour cream, and horseradish.  They were a great compliment to our chicken.  it was like a creamy potato soup.  I really enjoyed the sour cream and onion.I give them an extra star for our wonderful waitress Lisa.  She was efficient, friendly and gave us a special treat at the end of our dinner.  I really liked her.If you happen to be at Mandalay, this place is worth stopping by, if nothing else, get the duck fat fries!
5	One of the best dinners of my life (AND I EAT A LOT)!My friends and I decided to try STRIPSTEAK while in Vegas for the weekend and were certainly glad we did.  Dinner there was one of our favorite events of the whole weekend.Cocktails were delicious and effective.  The fries, as everyone points out, are a highlight.  We all went with Wagyu fillets for an entree and shared a few sides.  None of it disappointed.  Their macaroni and cheese has made it tough for me to ever want to try any other macaroni and cheese anywhere else.  The asparagus and shallot potato cakes were tasty as well.For dessert we went with yet a few more cocktails and their cheesecake, beignets,  chocolate cake, and a lighter strawberry type dessert (I can't recall the name).  My only regret is that I am not physically capable of eating more.  I highly recommend STRIPSTEAK to anyone looking to enjoy a long dinner while visiting Vegas.  The experience is worth the cost.
5	Ate here this past weekend with some friends on a Vegas trip to celebrate mine and a few other October Birthdays. My friend and her bf had eaten here before and highly recommended us going there so we did and wow ... it was amazing..to start had the Lychee Martinis.. sooo good !then they bring you these fries..garlic fries cooked in duck fat with truffle ... um out of this world.... so tastey... I had the crab cakes and they were heaven. THe crab was so delicious and fresh.As an entree I had the scallops. Amazing. Perfect. So fresh. One of the guys we were with got the truffle mac and cheese and I ate off of his plate lol ... that truffle mac and cheese was amazing..... soo good! the crab mashed potatoes also stuck out to me... apparently the guys said the steak was delicious, I didnt have any because I was in a food coma from everything else. I highly recommend this place and I would definantly return here....
3	Let me start by saying that the service is excellent! Brian, our waiter, was really attentive, had great recommendations, and enhanced our overall dining experience. The food and ambiance, however, were okay...nothing special. The steaks are gigantic so if you're going for portion size, this is the place to be. However, I felt like both our steaks were a little too charred and both had really large chunks of pepper scaterred throughout. We started with the crab cakes followed by the dry aged rib eye and the Kansas city strip, and then the root beer float and cookies for dessert. One of us got the pri-fix menu with the dry aged rib eye. I'd definitely recommend getting the pri-fix menu since you get an appetizer, a trio of sides, and a dessert. This is a special menu you have to ask for though...so they don't offer this deal upfront. The truffle mac and cheese and brussel sprouts were my favorite dishes of the evening. However, I was disappointed by the steaks and the ambiance was underwhelming for Vegas.
4	The food was excellent, but it took about a 45 minute wait.  Someone in the kitchen must have really screwed up.  We were not in a hurry and so it did not end up being a big deal, but for a meal that is $100+/pp this slow service is not acceptable.We ordered an assortment of dinners (6 people) and we all enjoyed our dinners.We brought a couple of very good wines and the wine steward was very kind to open for us ($35 corkage).
3	The drinks were tasty and the atmosphere is great. Some of our dishes were great, but you couldn't help but notice salt as a major player in most of the dishes. Over-salted food is never fun.
4	The good: pan seared foie gras add on to steak                  Complementary trio of duck fries with meal                 Open seating at the bar                 Service was goodThe bad: porterhouse was very sinewy with too much fat but little marbling                Marrow was burnt at the edges making some portions inedibleGood meal, but have no inclination to return. I rather preferred emeril's delmonico.
4	This place is one of the better steakhouses in Vegas but expect to pay for it.  A modest Dinner for 2 will set you back 200-300 bucks.  With that said, The Complimentary Duck Fat Fries Are Amazing, The Steaks Have a lot of Flavor, and the deserts are incredible.
4	I've been to other Michael Mina restaurants so I was excited for StripSteak. I was expecting more and was torn about a 3.5 or 4 star rating...but since our crew was so rowdy and the staff was so gracious to us, I'll round up.+ complimentary signature Michael Mina duck fat french fries in 3 ways WITH 3 dipping sauces (omg!)+/- oysters: coming from Seattle, wasn't as impressed with their selection+ foie gras (with some extra bread, mmm)+/- 18oz bone-in ribeye: surprisingly not a great cut of meat and we ordered 4 of them so I know it wasn't just me+ 10oz filet: much better than expected+ creamed spinach with bacon+ truffled mac & cheese+ spicy zucchini (new zippy dish!)The great service ended with the birthday boy getting a scoop of ice cream!Note: don't forget to pick up a discount $50 gift card at Restaurant.com
5	I've given up rating the best steakhouses in America. It's a fruitless proposition. At this level, it's the same to me.Stripsteak might be the only place that cooks their steak sous vide. USDA prime, dry aged, sous vide butter. How could you go wrong?Might be the best looking steakhouse I've ever been to.
5	AMAZING.. Fantastic service and the best food.  The real waygu burger is unforgettable.  Even better with a restaurant.com certificate!
4	A great place for happy hour, I don't think that you can go wrong.
4	My friends and I went to Stripsteak to celebrate a couple birthdays.  Being one of the birthday peeps, I was a little hesitant to celebrate the big 3-2 at a restaurant on the Strip.  However, my buddies assured perfection, and boy were they right!  First, let me start by saying that restaurants on the Strip are notorious for terrible service.  However, the service at Stripstreak was some of the best I've ever received.Do yourself a favor and order the steak tartare for an appetizer.  Trust me.  For the main, most of the table ordered a filet instead of the larger steaks because we were heading to XS later, and let's face it - dancing while in a food coma is no fun.  The filet's came out perfect, and each had a nice char on the exterior while maintaining that familiar medium-rare reddish/pink interior.  The sides were equally impressive:  truffle mac and cheese, potatoes 3 way, duck fat fries, and creamed spinach.  So, if you're looking for a steakhouse in Vegas, Stripsteak will impress.  Don't be scared to dine on the Strip!
4	Great steak places are a mix of not only excellent food, but excellent service to back.  Stripsteak meets those requirements, but does not differentiate itself from other steak houses enough to make the visit necessarily worth repeating.I settled in with two of my companions on a Sat night with no reservations (always a worry) but the service was able to snag us a corner table.  Perfect.The restaurant started us off with some complimentary duck fat fries with three dipping sauces (in-house ketchup, old bay, and truffled aioli).  I've never been able to taste a significant difference in duck fat fries vs regular fries, and this was no different, but let me assure you, those fries were very tasty.American Bone-in Ribeye - An excellent peace of beef, cooked perfectly to medium rare.  While the price was a bit high for the size IMHO, it had a nice sear on the outside and was juicy/flavorful throughout making it an enjoyable meal.  But true to my statement above, I've had great steaks before.  This is a great steak, but didn't stand out more than other great steaks I've had.  18oz bone in for $52.Truffled mac and cheese - Again, very tasty mac and cheese, and the truffled flavor was excellent.  A strong choice, but not anything that is phenomenal or mind-blowing to speak of.  Potato puree trio - Great concept: three types of flavored mashed potatos served side by side.  The lobster mashed had a few small chunks of lobster in it (so my companion told me, as I didn't get any lobster bites in the three spoonfuls I tried) and was interesting to taste.  The sour cream and onion was a pretty standard flavor, that probably could've used a slightly stronger seasoning as it tastes nearly plain compared to the other two.  The horseradish was easily the best tasting, and one of the standouts during dinner.  Something as simple as horseradish added to well made potato puree made it a really standout.  Beingets with vanilla creme brulee - Crisp on the outside giving way to soft pillow interior, the beingets were fried perfectly with a dusting of sugar.  And the vanilla creme brulee provided a perfect sugar crust on top to crak, and had a perfectly smooth creme inside that made every bite enjoyable.  This dessert had great execution, and was delicious.Finally, at the end of the meal, they provided two complimentary bags of peppered caramel popcorn to take home with us.  The popcorn was tasty, and the complimentary final note was a nice touch.  I enjoyed the popcorn about an hour later, and the texture had staled only sligthtly compared to freshly made, but it was a nice reminder of the meal we just had.Verdict:  A very solid steak restaurant and worth checking out.  They attempt to differentiate by using wood to grill (thus infusing the flavor of the wood into the meat) but to be honest, I can't taste a significant difference.  Service was top notch, food was top notch, and the overall experience was great.  Would I be back?  Possibly, to enjoy a good meal, but having had the opportunity to eat at a lot of great steak places, it's hard to warrant traveling to Vegas and coming by here again when there are so many other options of great food to try.  Great experience!
4	Go.  Have steak. Be happy!  Best steak ever!  Duck fat fries are divine.
3	We travelled to Las Vegas for my husband's 40th Birthday party...with one our couple and a good friend...our evening at Stripsteak was to be our "celebration" steak dinner. I wish I could say it exceeded my expectations and we all left delighted...but, unfortunately, we were underwhelmed.My husband's steak was extraordinarily fatty, and most of our steaks were overcooked.The side dishes were delicious though, especially the trio of mashed potatoes and the truffle mac and cheese was fabulous.We ordered the Root Beer float dessert and some of our guests were still raving about it days after.  For the price, I would have rather had a steak at Smith & Wollensky or Morton's...
4	Ridiculously good steak house churning out perfect martinis, memorable Wagyu Filet Tartare, disgustingly (in a good way) addictive duck fat fries and perfectly done steak.I'd come back just for the fries.
2	I give this place 2 stars because i didn't appreciate the service. My family of 4 went on a Monday night at 5:30pm. There were maybe one or two tables of customers, tops. But it still took them 10 minutes to seat us even though the restaurant was completely empty and we had a reservation. what?we ordered 2 18 oz. rib eyes ($54 each), both paired with foie gras ($22 each) and bone marrow ($17). For sides, we got the bacon creamed spinach, trio of potato puree, and mushrooms ($14 each). The steak was delicious but the foie gras was really raw in the middle, the bone marrow was overly salted, and both the creamed spinach and mushrooms were mediocre. The potato puree was the only thing besides the steak that was yum. But everything was SO overpriced. $14 for some wilted spinach? meh. for dessert, we got the beignets with creme brulee and again, mediocre. I was really disappointed with the dessert. Our waitress didn't come in to check on us after she took our order except to bring us our wine, and as other tables trickled in, we saw that they all got complimentary french fries, which we did not receive, even though it showed up on our check as "Amuse fries." wtf, yo. I wouldn't come back here. I can find better steak elsewhere without the shitty service. seriously.
5	There are lots of steak joint in Las Vegas, with 4-5 stars.  This one is 5 star for me, due to 2 main reasons, great service and great food.food: 5/5For starter, the thin golden crispy fries are fried in duck fat, which is sooo good. They are crispy, smoky, mouth melt. These fries are dip in several sauces which are delectable. 5/5kobe burgers: 5/5 enough said. moist, tender, and fanstaticly good $40rib eye: 5/5 same as above, $50fois gras: 5/5 . mouth melting juicy goodness. $20 for 4 bitesservice: 5/5 The server is nice, patience.  When we requested for more fries, the server brought more without charging us for it. ambiance: 4.5/5 slightly loud with rustle and bustlecleanlyness: 5/5parking: 5/5 parking in Mandalay free if you stay at the hotelcost: 4/5 you get what you pay for.overall: 5/5One of the best steak place that I have gone to.  This place is pricey but definitely worth a look.  The cocktails are great, but my advice, go to happy hours where the drink is half off.
4	Totally underrated restaurant...Came here upon a friend's suggestion and have to say I loved it! We shared the bone in ribeye and ordered several apps and sides to go with it.  The ribeye was delicious..almost as good as my favorite as mastros!  I have to admit the foie gras sliders were a tad forgetable but the other dishes were VERY good.. the mac and cheese was creamy and rich, the brussel sprouts flavored wonderfully.. and the service was excellent as well.Frankly, I was surprised by how empty the restaurant was.. only half full at dinner time. Granted it was a Thursday but during the holidays when Vegas was pretty crowded. It's defeinitely a hidden gem!
1	I went there on my last night in Vegas.  The complimentary fries were great.  After that, it was all downhill.  My bone in rib eye was undercooked, under-seasoned, and by no means was it prime meat.  My appetizer of crab cakes was definitely heated in a microwave. It was so soggy and had no flavor.This place was a disaster.  Michael Mina has no clue about a steak house.
3	okay service was fine but the steak okay sorry but there are better for the money
5	Absolutely the BEST place in Las Vegas for a steak!We tried StripSteak @ Mandalay Bay for date night, and it was wonderful. Our server was great: helpful with the menu, perfectly attentive and our water glasses were always full. We were offered complimentary fries in 4 different flavors before our meal, which were both delicious and unique. Ordered the filet, asparagus and potato gratin side dishes. YUM. Before coming here, I thought I knew how I liked my steak and how it should be cooked....but StripSteak just blew that idea out of the water and set the new standard for me. Melt in your mouth, full flavor perfection. Seriously. WOW. The merlot I ordered by the glass was also above & beyond, though I didn't catch the name after a few glasses. Oops. Also: by chance that evening, sitting across from basketball's Charles Barkley and his entourage was fun. All the more reason to go back again. LOVED IT!
3	Sometimes I wonder about people.  Maybe my palate is different but some things I just don't get.  The duck fat fries.....they were nothing special, they are friggin fries, come on people!  I think people get too caught up in the atmosphere and alleged reputation of places to form an honest opinion.   You ever see those shows where they swap the food at a fancy restaurant with some take out and people still think the food is fabulous and the best they've ever had?This place was just average.  When I say average I mean average compared to comparable steakhouses.  It was by no means near the quality of Sizzler but far from  what I would expect for the price I paid.  The Caesar Salad was terrible.   The side dishes were actually pretty good, I had the scalloped potatoes.  I ordered a Kansas City Strip Steak.  It was OK, somewhat flavorful but was still missing that "wow factor".   I was a bit disappointed considering the price.  You don't always get what you pay for.  My rating of 3 stars is being very generous.I've had a better steak at BJ's, yes BJ's!  Try their New York Strip with Bleu Cheese Garlic Butter.  Very good!
4	Strip steak is probably the most unique of the steak houses in Vegas. The focus is on the meat itself with very little outside influences. What that means is that the steak speaks for itself.The ambiance is quite nice but since the bar is pretty big and at the entrance, the place is pretty loud too. The staff was very good in that they checked up on me often even when I didn't even order anything yet. They are the only ones that offered me a Prix Fix menu.The first thing that comes out is probably one of the most addicting fries you will ever put in your mouth, their Duck Fat Fries. I know it doesn't sound as good but the crunch and flavor will change your mind. Knowing that is complimentary makes it harder to resist. It comes with 3 flavors: Original, Herb fries, and Old Bay fries (the latter being the saltiest and least favorite of the bunch for me). There are 3 dipping sauces, Truffle Aioli, Ketchup, and Mustard Remoulade (not sure how to spell that).The appetizer was a single crab cake (normally $18). Although it seemed fresh and tasted very good, it was not worth the price in my opinion. Thank god for the Prix Fix menu. The one thing I will say is that as soon as it comes out, the fresh crab aroma does hit you pretty hard, which is good for seafood lovers.The truffle Mac N' Cheese was very good. Not too cheesy, not too salty. The flavor is smokey so I wonder if they used some sort of smoked cheese like Smoked Gouda. Cream is smooth and not overpowering.The Brussel Sprouts were undecipherable. It was a mish-mash of a whole bunch of stuff I could not discern. It reminded me of that Cafeteria mystery meat where you are unsure what is in it. Probably my least favorite side of all the steak houses I've been too so far.The STEAK: The steak is first poached at 118-119 degrees in butter for 20-30 minutes, depending on size of cut. It is them placed on a grill raised by a giant wheel (as seen in pictures) over mesquite wood and charcoal. The seafood side of the grill has an additional wood (Olive Wood). Surprisingly, there is no char or crunch on the steak but because the steak was poached, the cooking is uniform throughout the steak. This is where Strip Steak focuses on the Steak. No other sauces are added.The root beer float dessert brought back childhood memories. Nothing spectacular but great nostalgia.
5	Went back December 29th, 2012 before the Maroon 5 concert. So thrilled to get Steven again. A year later, he still remembered us. This guy knows how to make his customers feel special. Thank you for the beautiful wine. This has become a MUST visit every time we're in Vegas.
5	Steaks were off the charts good! But wow the prices hurt. Visit after you win big!
5	Best cucumber martini I have ever had! The server suggested it and it was so good I let him order my meal for me- I totally trusted his taste. The Mac and cheese was amazing too. Awesome decor and we never felt rushed even though the place was packed with a wait list. Its expensive, but at least go for the cucumber martini!
4	Stripsteak is a delightful surprise! My best friend and I were in Las Vegas for my birthday extravaganza and haphazardly stumbled upon Stripsteak after watching a show. We had no reservation, but were immediately seated. The food here is amazing! We shared the Shellfish Platter and the dry aged bone-in rib eye. We were also treated to their trio flavored fries, which were simply to die for!! Servers were friendly and attentive. The general decor of the place is pleasing and welcoming. Definitely a nice place to have dinner in Vegas.
5	Food, cocktails, service, and decor were all fantastic. As others have mentioned, the duck fat fries are a highlight, and the scalloped potatoes were delicious as well. The truffle mac and cheese is a must-have. I personally think the appetizers were better than the steak, although that was very good as well. The service was very friendly and attentive, and the server was very knowledgeable about the food and made some great suggestions for what we should try. Great dining experience!
5	Appetizers I was lucky enough to try:Wagyu filet tartare - So tasty. Exactly how you'd want a tartare to be. It announced itself, then slid effortlessly down my throat. Nice.Maine lobster fritters - That Meyer lemon creme fraiche is really what sends these over the top. Cannot recommend enough.Trio of duck fat fries - These things didn't need any sauce. They were absolutely perfect as-is. This is how all potatoes should aspire to end their lives. The epitome of potato deliciousness = fully achieved.The American Wagyu rib cap was unbelievable. Those words together probably sound like a big "duh," but it was. Seared beautifully on the outside, perfectly medium rare on the inside...it seriously melted in my mouth. I don't think I've ever had a nicer piece of cow, and I doubt I ever will. Memorable.That truffled mac n' cheese. Omg. That could have been a meal in itself. Instead, it was a fantastic side that we all shared.
5	My husband introduced this place to me about a year ago. I am a huge steak fan and I have never had such juicy and tender meat. I love how they serve different types of fries with sauces to go with them that taste so good. The service is very friendly and if you are coming to visit Vegas I recommend you stop and eat here!
5	Food was excellent and the staff was great.  Wagyu Rib Cap was a standout.  Loved the duck fat fries that they immediately brought to the table that gave us something to munch on while we reviewed the menu.
1	Like the rest of Vegas..overrated ...the fries were cold...and did not have the taste of duck fat!   The service was rushed...they want to get you out to get the next sucker in your table.   The Mac and cheese was yucky..the Caesar salad was overdressed....and the stake was very salty and near raw!   Skip this place!  Not worth the price!
4	The steak was good. The taste definitely matches the price and the portion was filling. You won't leave with the feeling that you would need to get some fastfood right after dinner. The duck fat fries was like the free appetizer thing. It was awesome. Don't even need to dip it in ketchup/ranch or anything. We were hoping to get refills on those.The waiter recommended Wagyu beef rib cap (apparently it's more marbleized  than the rib eye or something, I wasn't really paying attention to him hehe). Anyway, I got the steak medium, but it looked/tasted like medium-rare. I like the "crust" thing on the beef. Don't even need to add any sauce or anything else to it. Definitely worth the $70 I paid for it.Love the truffled mac and cheese. Truffle oil just seems to make everything tastes better. I wish I could just have the truffled mac and cheese to myself but I had to share it with my friend :(My recommendations:- Duck fat fries- Truffled mac and cheese
5	Wonderfully amazing isn't good enough to describe this place. We had the wagyu beef cap, to die for, and the truffle Mac n cheese. Glen, our waiter suggested and we are so glad to have tried. Simply the best steak, flavor and texture we've ever had. Cannot wait for our next visit next year!
3	First off, service was Great! Shawn did a great job and meet all our needs in a timely and professional manner. He is well knowledgable with the menu. They have 3 styles of beef. Angus, waygu and I believe jap waygu. We choose angus beef, as for the others they were to pricey for our budget. You know the saying...you get what you pay for. That holds true with beef as well. We should have went with the waygu Kobe style. We had the angus Ny and rib-eye. Nothing memorable but a piece of gristle from the Ny. Rib- eye was ok. Great idea to start with the fries. It actually took away a sale as we were going to order onion rings. Chocolate  Dessert was great. I would dine here again if presented to me, but wouldn't go out of my way. Didn't have the wow factor in the steaks we ordered.
5	I have been to quite a few steak house throughout Las Vegas and this without a doubt my favorite. The food was amazing and the overall experience was excellent.
2	I walked in with such high expectations after reading the reviews, boards, and hearing so many good things from friends. Left feeling pretty disappointed with the execution and service. The good:- the sides were delicious, i think if i went back i'd order 3 to 4 sides a person and no entrees and call it good- loved seeing the dry aged meats in the display casesThe bad:- ordered the porterhouse. for temp i request between rare and med rare. when the steak arrived carved from the kitchen, which is what makes this mistake incomprehensible - the meat was at best cooked to medium well. when I called the server over he insisted this was their medium rare, but he "graciously" offered to check with the kitchen and took it to the back in a huff. he arrived back and said after checking it in better light he admitted it was overcooked. the worst part was he was unapologetic and acted pissed at us. it got so bad i called the manager over and she too acted like we were inconveniencing her. i'll never step foot in this restaurant again. Cut does a far better job as does several other vegas steakhouses. spend your hard earned money elsewhere.
4	I recently realized that I've had excellent experiences at every Michael Mina restaurant I've been to.  Seablue, Nobhill, American Fish etc.  They're all at least 4 stars and sometimes more.  This past trip to Stripsteak was 4.5 stars.  I have been here at least 5 times and I always bring a $50 restaurant.com coupon.  This isn't a top 3 steakhouse in Vegas but $50 off from $100 makes it a terrific value for a really solid steak.  We've recently been ordering the $72 porterhouse which is a monster cut that can easily be split 2 ways and even 3 if you get an appetizer or an extra side.  They'll bring it out to you in a pan already carved up if you want a la Peter Luger style and that's what we do.  I also love all the meaty goodness on the bone itself.  To me, kobe beef is basically that really tender, juicy part by the bone all blown up into a regular sized piece of steak.  My wife loves the filet so I eat the majority of the sirloin side which is just fine with me.  We like it rare.The sides are $14 each so 2 of those gets me to a $100 exact.  The spinach souffle is the absolute must freakin have side dish.  I don't think there's any other restaurant doing the souffle quite like this.  The server brings it to the table piping hot, punctures the top of it and pours cream into it.  One of my favorite sides ever.  I am over creamed spinach!  We're through!We went with the mushrooms cooked in bacon for our second side since we already loaded up on starch from those awesome complimentary fries they bring to the table.  Forget bread, forget appetizers, you've got french fries!  I never make it to dessert anyways.        But the kicker this evening was when it came to box the steak.  We had asked the server to box up the 2 leftover pieces along with the bone itself.  The general manager was assisting the servers and busing tables.  She accidentally threw out the leftovers not hearing the server ask her to box it up.  I didn't make that big of a beef (ha) about it but she proposed the chef to cook us another WHOLE porterhouse and box it up for us!  I was stunned.  Talk about going above and beyond!  Who are we to say no to another $72 steak?  Wow.  This was an all around great experience and I look forward to the next time.
5	After having gone the week before, we were invited back. We shared the waygu burger. This was the top 3 burgers I have ever had! My husband totally agreed. We then shared the 30oz porterhouse with a side of onion rings. We asked if the chef could make a grilled vegetable plater for us to enjoy. They meet all our needs. Everything was wonderful. I was a little disappointed on the size of filet section of the steak for having been a 30oz porterhouse. The steak had great flavor.
4	The food and service are top notch. Our server "Heather" was very personable and professional. I am writing this review to point out one important thing to know. We had been trying to eat here for months but every time we tried to book online through OpenTable it said they were booked. I called and easily got in at our desired time. The restaurant was not busy at all even though their online booking system said they were full. If we didn't have the Restaurant.com coupon we would have probably given up on trying to get in. We had the filet Mignon/ medium rare- Spectacular and perfectly Medium rare.Potato trio- get it even though you already ate the amazing fries. They are yummy. Spicy zucchini- Delicious but very spicy. We were glad to have the potatoes to cool them down.
3	overpriced, yes. but hey it's vegas and this place is damn good and has a really fun atmosphere. I always try to eat here when I'm in town.
5	Had incredible ribeye steak & a Mac n cheese dish.  Perfect!
5	This review is only about the bar at Strip Steak in Mandalay Bay.  And more specifically, only about their single malt Scotch selection. WOW. I asked for their single malt list, and they brought me .... A book!   Seriously. This thick tome was organized by the regions of Scotland. Each section focused on a distillery with a small bit of history and trivia about the place, then listed the scotches, with tasting notes. I was able to try several that I never heard of. They also offer a tasting flight with 4 scotches for $30 (as of March 2013). If single malt is your pleasure - you have to check this place out.
4	Enjoyed fries served with 3 different dips, fresh apple/pecan salad, as well as most delicious scallops and truffle mac n cheese!  Hubby loved his steak!  Our server, Glen, was very attentive, friendly and fast!  Busy place, will return.
4	I didn't get a chance to order a steak, due to a show that was starting soon.  But, I ordered the mac and cheese side along with green beans and garlic bread.  They were tasty.  I may come back to try the steak.  The restaurant is a bit pricey but, the service was excellent.
2	The Worst! Went with 2 families. I had the Wabu Cab which is as the waiter explained is better than a Rib Eye. It was a $70 steak. It showed up charred black on the outside and raw and chewy on the inside. I had told the waiter that I wanted a steak that was not fatty. I guess I got "up sold"!  I Showed the waiter how raw it was so they took it back and finished cooking it while everyone else ate. Still charged full price. Towards the end of our $360, 2 adults and 2 kids meal we were still hungry so they brought out stale cold bread. We go to all the high end places in Vegas and this one is a SKIP !!!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  Junior and the rest of the staff will show you what true hospitality is.  Before I moved here, they remembered my name and all kinds of specifics after not seeing me for 6 months +.  The food is amazing in truly typical Michael Mina style.  Everything from the french fry  sampler to start, the truffle mac (my personal favorite) and the quality of the steaks...Im a happy man when Im here.  That is all
4	We always enjoy our meals at Stripsteak.  I have been having a run of bad luck ordering steak recently, so it was nice to get a good chunk of prime ribeye cooked perfectly to medium rare.  My wifes filet came to the table "still mooing" just as she likes it.         The mac and cheese was excellent and plentiful.  The scallion potato cakes weren't quite as good as previous visits, but still above average.       We tried the lobster fritters on recommendation.  They were tasty, but  a bit overwhelmed by the bacon.  I dipped some of the house fries into the creme fraiche that came with the fritters and it was excellent.  They should consider offering that up as a regular option.  Overall, it was another excellent meal from Michael Mina.
4	I'm a bit ambivalent about Stripsteak.  On one hand, their Scotch selection was very extensive and, for the Strip, reasonably priced.  Yes, the Scotch menu is a big thick book, like a Scotch for Dummies because it gives a complete history of every single distiller and a thorough description of every single malt from that distiller.  And if the Scotch for Dummies bible isn't enough, the bartender Chris was wonderfully knowledgeable about the vast selection of single malts.  Unfortunately, the bar isn't really a great setup - not a lot of stools at the bars, and the tables for the bar area felt like they were almost in the middle of the walkway leading to the Event Center.On the other hand, the restaurant is a very comfortable space, but the food is awfully pricey.  Very good, but not sure it's worth the cost.  Well, except for the delicious duck fat fries (served instead of bread), which were complimentary.  I had a foie gras appetizer that was one of the most delicious variations on foie gras I've ever had (not that I can remember ever having a bad foie gras dish), but it was $32.  The 90-day-aged sirloin steak was $72 - very good, but I've had better steak at lower prices.  The grilled asparagus was really good, just a tad too expensive at $14.  I ordered dessert, but can't remember what it was, just that it was really good too (and obviously not the least bit memorable).  Again, our server was also terrifically knowledgeable about the restaurant's impressive Scotch menu.So the vast and reasonably-priced single malt menu is worth going back for, but the bar isn't a great space.  The dining room is very comfortable, but the food menu is priced just high enough that I don't see myself going back there to eat.  If Stripsteak had better bar seating or slightly lower food prices, I'd be a die-hard regular.  As it is, I'll probably be back every once in a while.  If you're a single malt guy, Stripsteak's Scotch menu is too good to resist.
3	We were looking for some cold beverages after enjoying the Shark Aquarium and this place was boosting a pretty solid HH deal so we grabbed a seat where we could people watch (always great in Vegas) and had a few drinks.  I opted for my staple beverage, Cranberry and Vodka and my Mom some sort of Pineapple Rum combination that she enjoyed.  I believe HH was $4 for wells, it may have been $5, I can't remember now but either way this is a deal in Vegas for some solid drinks.
1	I only rated this place one star and I honestly believe it  doesn't deserve that much. I really wanted to like this place! The experience was awful- we had dinner Sunday night and left hungry and disappointed. Duck fat fries were good. I ordered the scallops and they had no sear on them and were raw and cold in the middle. My husband ordered the filet medium rare and it was completely raw! This place is completely over-rated and over-priced. I don't mind paying for a wonderful meal, but I'm sorry, if you can't cook scallops- get out of the kitchen! We will never go back.
1	I returned to Stripsteak for the second time with some friends in April 2013, and we were really disappointed by the whole experience. THE WAIT...After we sat down it took what seemed like forever to get water, not to mention the time it took to order drinks. THE WINE MENU...The wine menu is on an iPad now, and the user interface is dreadful. It felt like a chore to try  maneuver the application. I'm 31 years old and my boyfriend is a web designer- we're pretty tech savvy, and found the app to be a pathetic piece of junk. THE WAIT CONTINUES...After we ordered our drinks it took at least 25 minutes for our server to come back to take our order. In the meantime we saw him dicking around and taking pictures with another table for at least a good 10 minutes. When our waiter, followed by the manager, finally came to our table we asked to order. We also inquired about the fries they serve at the tables, because we were starved after sitting there for about 45 minutes. The waiter said the kitchen was really backed up so it was out of his control, but the manager had no problem getting them for us, which wasn't surprising because all of the tables seated after us had already been served.THE FOOD...Six people ordered steak, four of which were the filet mignon, and no one was impressed. My boyfriend and I each ordered the salmon, which was okay, but definitely not worth the price or the wait. The side dishes were lukewarm, the vegetables were very oily, and we abandoned them half-eaten on the table.My friends and I make it a point to have a few nice dinners whenever we all go to Vegas together. This used to be a staple on our trips, but it would take a lot of convincing to get me to go back after this alar visit.Mediocre food and horrible service.
1	WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER?... This place is a joke. Ten of us went for dinner and ordered shortly after we got there. The food didn't arrive two hours later, the waiter was pompous and didn't care about us.  We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either. 10 very unhappy and hungry people walked out.  Funny thing was it was a Thursday and not busy....
1	DO NOT WANTI can get an idea for what this place emphasizes and it's not service.Let me list our problems with our visit to this establishment:1) Eternal waiting: our server took his time to make it to our table. The staff took their time delivering bread and drinks to us. Once we ordered, it was at least 45 minutes, possibly longer, before our entrees were delivered to us. We discovered somehow that the kitchen chose to first serve a large group that arrived later than we did. No apologies, no visits from the manager, no "make ups."2) Dishonesty: While waiting outside we had noticed the prix-fixe menu stated the rib eye was a 12-oz, while the rib eye a-la carte was 18-oz. That was reasonable for the price (which was roughly comparable); some in our party chose the a-la carte and others chose prix-fixe.When the entrees finally came, to our surprise there were no differences in the size of our steaks. When we inquired of the waiter he stated that the steaks were the same size regardless of prix-fixe or a-la carte. When we then pointed out that if we had known, all of us would have ordered the prix-fixe, he did not respond.3) Food: the best part of the meal, honestly, was the fries. The spinach souffle is nasty. And having been to Mastro's, Ruths Chris, Lawry's, and Flemings, the steak is overpriced for its quality. Easy to say we aren't coming back and I hope this review drives foot traffic elsewhere.
3	The complimentary trio of duck fat fries w/various dipping sauces was a great start to a nice steak dinner. If you've won big, splurge on one of the market priced Japanese A5 grade wagyu steaks (up to $350).
4	Although I did not eat any steak, everything I had was very good. Started with the hamatchi. Ultra fresh and delicious. For entree I split the petrole sole which was a daily fish special. It was nicely split and plated. It was good....the hamatchi was better. Tried the fries too. They were awesome.Service was good. The ipad wine list is a step back. The old book version is much more user friendly.A good choice for dining if you are at Mandalay Bay.
5	Strip Steak restaurant inside Mandalay Bay is one of tbe best kept secrets in Las Vegas. The food is excellent and the service is superior. The mashed potatoes with garlic are to die for. Come hungry. Awesome place!!!!
2	Very average.If I'm paying $70 for a 10 oz filet and $90 for a $25 bottle of wine, it better be the nicest place in town and the food should be fantastic.  I didn't have either at Strip Steak.  Not worth the money in my opinion.
5	Wow, wow, wow wow wow. Initial thoughts - see aforementioned.Truffle Mac and cheese, the mushrooms... Wow, wow, wow.The wagyu beef filet Mignon - wow, wow, wow.The ribeye cap was the only thing that didn't meet my expectations, everything else blew them away. This was the most disappointing part, as I'm partial to ribeye, and apparently this is award winning, but it didn't really do it for me. Next time I'll try the 18 ounce bone in rib-eye.A bit pricey, but great.
5	Amazing! One of the best meals I've ever had! Don't miss the duck fat fries appetizer, it's delicious! My mouth is watering just thinking about Stripsteak.
2	Food was excellent. Truffle mac & cheese = amazeballs. Dining in first class restaurants on a frequent basis, I was less than impressed with the attitude I was given when I arrived for our reservation. I was informed that due to the fact that we were a bit late for our reservation that they set a time limit as to when we needed to leave. This is absurd, especially for a group of us that spent over $1,000 on food alone...not including the alcohol. The vibe of the restaurant is trendy, and if I weren't trying to speak with my friends on the opposite side of the table, I wouldn't have been bothered by the extreme noise level. I typically do not complain about service at a restaurant, especially in Vegas, but I felt compelled to share my experience in hopes that they improve their blahzay client service. All in all, I was impressed by the food and overall vibe, however the hostesses need to check their attitude.
1	I rarely write negative reviews, usually only positive ones, but this was one of those experiences. Wow. This was by far our worst dining experience in Vegas.  It was the worst spent $700 ever. We made a reservation for 7 people about 1 month ago since we were going to be in town for a trade show. Our last appointment ran late, so four of us showed up the restaurant late. 3 were already there, but couldn't be seated until the missing 4 arrived. They could have been ordering drinks and appetizers, but instead, the table sat empty.  We arrived and were told that we could eat, but that we would have to be out of our table by 9. Okay, that is fair, but how they treated us after that was not.  We had plenty of time to eat, in fact we finished 20 minutes before 9. But we kept getting pushed...the waiter first said that he would choose out appetizers (because us reading the menu for 2 mins was too much) He kept reminding us that we were in a hurry. We rushed through our food and at 8:40 the waiter gave us dessert menus, threw some fiddle faddle packages, courtesy of the chef, on the table, and said that we could choose dessert and that we MIGHT have time to eat it.  Seriously guy? Gratuity was included. We didn't give a penny more.  On the way out we commented to the hostess that they could have handled that situation way differently.  Understating that we had to be done by 9, they could have sped things up in the kitchen instead of constantly reminding us that we needed to rush. She argued with us instead of apologizing.  That is not customer service. Even more disappointing, we LOVE Michael Mina restaurants.  And planned ALL Michael Mina restaurants for our trip. This Michael Mina restaurant let us down :( But--American Fish (Aria) and Michael Mina (Bellagio) are both excellent!!!
5	It has taken me a while to get to writing this review, but the experience I had was definitely worth noting. StripSteak is the restaurant I go to every time I go to Vegas when I am looking for a great steak. I have dinned here at least a dozen times in the last few years and I have yet to have a bad meal or one that does not meet my expectations.The last time I dined there was March second, just prior to the Carrie Underwood concert as part of my birthday weekend. The experience I had was exceptional! They were very accommodating and the service was spectacular. My parents and I started the evening in the lounge for a couple of happy hour drink specials prior to our seating (we arrived early and prior to the opening of the main dining room). The happy hour drinks were well priced.Once the main dining room opened, we were promptly seated by the hostess and our server was present to attend to us. He was exceptional with any questions that my parents had and dietary requests were received well and honored by the kitchen.The duck fat fries are a nice change to the regular bread and butter offerings of most restaurants.  We ordered a bottle of Joseph Phelps Opus One wine for our dinner and it was exceptional, but also costly... The wine list is exceptional for a steak house.Well all had appetizers of Salad. I always get the caesar salad (presentation changes every time) and the the Kansas City Striploin steak. My parents opted for a filet. All steaks cooked to perfection. We shared a couple of side dishes at the table and were also excellent.We opted for a desert beverages as opposed to deserts. I opted for the Adult root bear float, which was likely kaluha and galliano with  a scoop of ice cream... Nice and refreshing. Though, as it was a birthday weekend, I did receive a complementary plate of ices cream with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce.There was an element of sticker shock with a tab of over $1,000.00, but worth the celebration of a milestone birthday.
4	Working 8 days straight at the Mandalay, Strip steak was our go-to place for our protien fix.  Believe it or not, french fries fried in duck fat are complimentary.  OMG, talk about delicious.  They offer you 3 different types of dipping sauce but honestly, it isn't necessary.  The fries are addicting.  You've been warned ;)The porterhouse is reasonably priced ($78?) and is big enough for 2 people.  There's no wow factor as porterhouse is usually the same at most places.  It is served with some pearl onions and baby carrots.  Chilled seafood is also a good starter.  The portion could have been bigger but the selection was quite good..  It had lobster tail, lobster claw, a few king crab legs, a couple oysters and a couple clams.  I could have eaten the whole thing myself, but I had to share =)Salads were decent but WAY overdrenched.  Be sure to ask for light dressing.It's a nice decent steakhouse, but definitely not a destination restaurant.  Do try it out if you're staying at the Mandalay.
5	By FAR, the best steak - EVER!! My husband and I splurged on the 18oz. dry-aged ribeye to share. We ordered one side (which costs extra) and it was also to die for. We stuffed ourselves beyond stuffed and enjoyed every minute of it. If we would have had one more night in Vegas, we probably would have gone back the next night. Looking forward to our next trip!!
5	Definitely the best meal I've had all year. We watched the Jabbawockeez show on a Sunday and during the wait before the show, we made a reservation for 4 at 8:45pm. I chose the ribeye, medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. We were given complimentary french fries. There were three types and all three were tasty. The sides were also delicious.  The truffle mac and cheese is the best mac and cheese I've ever had. The potato puree trio was also excellent.The service was ok but nothing too big to knock the rating down. The steaks here are the stars of the meal. Definitely coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Filet minion and duck fat fries!!!!
5	This place in undoubtedly a good streak house. They have a verity of cuts and my favorite Wagyu which is offered only as 8oz.I am hefty and a big eater so I ate the 18 oz. bone in rib eye which was cooked to perfection. The cut of the meat was also impressive because it was extremely tender. The sides I recommend are Mushrooms, Mash Potatoes Trio with Lobster potato being my favorite, and asparagus. Do not order the corn, not very flavorful.The service was impressive because there was not one time I had to ask for something. Make sure to order a bottle of wine because they have a great selection.The ambiance is modern with couch like seating and perfect for large groups.Expect to spend about $700+ with a group of 6 or more.
3	My food was just OK.  I had expected more for the price, but unfortunately, I wasn't that impressed.  I had the 10 oz filet minon, medium well and butterflied.  Maybe because I had them butterfly it, the meat was kinda dry.  It needed some sort of glaze topping to add some flavor.The fries were good. Nice change from complimentary bread.  As for that mac and cheese... I've had better.  It was tasty enough, but maybe they can add some bacon or something else besides peas to make it more interesting.  The cheese was good.  My husband had the Wagyu burger.  I had a bite of that, and I wish I ordered that instead. The meat was YUM.  And half the price of my filet mignon.  Not that price is an issue at a steakhouse, but I expect more at this price point.  The atmosphere was lovely, and for a Saturday night, it wasn't too busy.  But our server seemed swamped.  For the most part, the staff was nice.
1	I usually do not write negative reviews or reviews at all for that matter but this was a terrible experience. We had a party of 4 with over a $500 tab by the end of the night. The apps and duck fat fries were really good but it took a turn for the worse with the meals. We waited quite a while to get our meals in which we had no problems with because we squeezed in a few more cocktails. The meals were finally brought out after several apologies from the waiter and manager and all of it was wrong. We ordered 3 steak courses and 1 fish course. The fish course had foie gras butter on it and was returned. My steak didn't have it was returned. The other two courses sat there until they fixed it. When my steak came back it was overcooked and tough. They should have replaced it. The waiter could see we were miffed and never really came back to our table. He sent the manager over every time. We were not being rude or that impatient but we got upset after nothing was done. I didn't eat my steak and our friend didn't eat her fish course. The manager removed both courses but still had over a $500 bill. Skip this place, not worth the $15 cab ride from City Centre.
4	Took my family of four to dinner while staying at The Mandalay Bay for a couple of days. Had a great meal, steaks were wonderful wine perfect, but while eating the table of twelve behind us which included adults and children, had a rough night.. Two of the adults decided to go at it MMA style and it had to be broken up. The problem was that the drama continued through our entire meal when it would have been more appropriate to kick them out for fighting. I realize that this is Vegas, but when spending 400.00 dollars on dinner this does not work in my world.
5	The best steak in town! Thumbs up!! Their service here is awesome! I love their fries too as well, it comes with three different types of fries and different sauces. The Australian steak filet mignon is super delicious! It is kinda pricey but it is well worth it! Their happy hours menu for drinks is pretty awesome too $4 for a beer on a strip inside of a luxury hotel & casino? Can't beat that!
1	Had dinner there last night 07/27/2013 at 7 pm. I ordered a Cesar salad, was greatly disappointed because the so called garlic toasts were not fresh. Feels like eating an overnight toast. Then, I had the bone-in rib eye ordered to cook medium but, it was more like raw.  They tend to over flood us with the sides like going to a Denny's.  my girl friend had their burger and it was not cooked to her liking.  She ordered well done but got raw too. Very disappointed and will not be going back ever again.
4	My wife and I ate here before seeing the Michael Jackson One show. We wanted a nice steak dinner that was located in Mandalay Bay so we wouldn't have to worry about rushing to the show. All and all it was an OK dinner.  The service was ok, a bit slow and it seemed like we had to find our server every time we wanted a drink. The complimentary trio fries were delicious, like many have said on here. I ordered the bone in rib eye, cooked medium and it was good.  My wife ordered the halibut and she said it was ok.  We shared the mac and cheese, which we enjoyed very much.  The baked potato was pretty darn tasty.   The ahi tuna and hamachi poppers appetizer were yummy. My wife and I both agree that we enjoyed the sides and appetizer more then the main entrees.  For drinks, we were also given a digital drink menu via ipad, which I thought was a great idea since drink menu's change so frequently. I ordered a Corona and my wife ordered the Cucumber Martini, which she absolutely loved.  I would rate this place at about 3.5 stars, but round up to 4 stars. For a $250 meal, we expected better service and food. I probably would not dine there again, since there are so many other places to eat that offer superior service and food.
2	I really, really, (and pause.........), really did not like my dinner.  The complimentary fries while were a nice touch, but I am picky about my seasoning and didn't like any of the three flavors (truffle, garlic, oak seasoning).  I know, I know, that's on me--I am the minority on the truffle and garlic thing.  But it's who I am, let's work through it.  I hated the salad dressing and they put relish on my burger after requesting it be left off.   A complete honest mistake I know, but when a hamburger is $25 it needs to come out perfect.  They took it off without issue, but dinner was not satisfying.  I was sad.
5	As with the other Michael Mina spot in Vegas we visited (American Fish), we only went for Happy Hour ... DAMN!  Definitely will try for dinner next time.  Our cocktails were great, as were the blue cheese and bacon sliders.  The salmon poppers were fantastic, as was the hummus with the grilled pita bread.  Bartender was very attentive and very knowledgeable.  Overall great experience.
2	Michael Mina was nowhere to be found here. I used to love Michael's food, this was not Michael at all.  The quality of the protein was poor, the fish was dry and over done, the scallops were gritty and the burger was less than average. The restaurant is very loud and not easy for discussions at your table.  I will say the service was great and the truffle French fries were amazing. The food overall however was a big disappointment.  Michael Mina prices but Dennys quality food.  So sad.
5	If you're willing to fork out the money -- you too can taste the best steak and lobster bisque on the planet.
5	08/03/2013We sat at  the bar, King Crab legs, to start, ribeye and steak tartare, cocktails and wine, everything was perfect as usual, Nice Job! We will be back!
5	Another wonderful meal in Vegas! We came here to celebrate my stepmom's birthday and everything was fantastic! Our waiter was awesome, the drinks were superb, the food was top notch, and the ambiance was great! No complaints about Stripsteak at all.For cocktails I highly recommend the Cucumber Martini and the Moscow Mule. Both of those drinks were phenomenal. Their drink menu is an iPad with a really cool interface that allows you to easily browse all their drinks.We were served complimentary fries upon our arrival, since there were five of us, they brought two servings of them. All the fries are cooked in duck fat and seasoned differently, I know for sure one was truffle, but I don't recall the others. The dipping sauces were great, one was truffle, one was mustard, and the other I don't remember, but everything was delish.I split the lobster bisque with my stepmom, so they gave each of us a small bowl. My favorite lobster bisque was at Craftsteak, but they can move over, because my new favorite is at Stripsteak. Love, love, loved this bisque! I ordered the grilled diver scallops, which were delicious and reasonable. Four large scallops for under $40 is a pretty good deal, especially in Vegas. They are mesquite grilled and they were wonderful. I sampled everybody else's food, all of it was amazing!Halibut - Also mesquite grilled, light touch of lemon. Perfect.King Crab Legs - Served with drawn butter and lemon, and they removed the shells for my sister in law, very nice of them!Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye - Only one person ordered steak at the steakhouse, lol, but it was one of the best ribeye's I have ever tasted. I would get that if I come again.American Wagyu Burger - Awesome burger with a really good mustard flavor to it.For sides we shared the Truffled Mac & Cheese with Peas, Potato Gratin with Gouda Sauce, and the Creamed Corn with Jalapeno. All amazing. The portions appeared to be pretty small, but they were actually perfect considering all the other food we had, we ended up leaving some of the sides behind.For dessert with ordered the Beignets with the trio of sauces. We were given six light, airy, hot beignets with a very scotchy butterscotch sauce, a creme brulee sauce, and a chocolate pudding sauce. Mmmmm, I would come back to this restaurant just to get dessert again!Dinner was $600 after tip, for five people, lots of cocktails, entrees, sides and dessert. Pricey, but about what to expect when you come to a nice steakhouse in Vegas. I hope to dine here again someday!
2	When I think of the most disappointing meal in my life I think of Stripsteak. I was really excited to go. I gave it two stars instead of one because the foie gras sliders and the duck fat fries were good. The steak was VERY greasy and not good at all you think paying $80 for a steak it would be amazing. But no. I would rather eat a steak at some chain restaurant. Our bill was $350 for 2 appetizers, 2 steaks, 2 sides and 2 drinks and tip. Thankfully I had a $50 restaurant.com certificate. I would never go back and was very disappointed in the execution. Also the waitress was not attentive and she added an automatic 18% since I used the restaurant.com certificate which is tacky.
2	Four of us went to dinner here on a Friday night.  We were seated quickly and greeted by our waiter who left us the wine list and then did not return for at least 15 minutes.  We finally got up to ask for help and then our order was taken.  An hour later our first course was brought out and 30 minutes after that we received our main course.  So, in a place where our meal for four (with their 3 course special and a bottle of wine) cost $400 it took an hour and a half to eat.  The place was not full and we saw our waiter only about 4 times throughout that hour and a half.  We did complain to the manager who comped part of our meal, although she seemed to think the wait was not excessive.  The food was also not up to par for the cost.  Two people ordered the rib-eye and both were disappointed.  The other two ordered the filet mignon which was much better. I can only afford places this expensive occasionally, but I have been to several others at the same price point and quality/service was exceptional.  So, I would not return here.  There are many better places elsewhere to get good steaks for this price in Vegas.
2	Good ambiance but like most restaurants in Las Vegas, overpriced.  And underwhelming. Don't mind spending $$$ on good food but this left something to be desired. Trying to minimize my red meat intake, I got the seared ahi tuna and market fresh salad. Salad was ok but doused in dressing which overwhelmed the plate. Greens were fresh. Tuna was good but for $41 I was expecting a little more... My friend got the Wagyu-style beef (8 oz). He was disappointed he spent $81 on an "ok" piece of beef. Best thing was the complimentary duck fat fries in 3 sauces.  Overall I think there are better options for your $$$ in Vegas.
5	Ummm....what didn't I eat here? Not sure because I practically died of food coma afterwards. Please don't judge our fattiness....here we go!1) Cucumber Martini: Like no other martini I've ever had. Uses cucumber infused vodka!!2) Shellfish Tasting: Maine Lobster, King crab, shrimp, clam, oysters. This all disappeared in about five seconds.3) Duck Fat Fries:All delicious, my fav of the trio was the herb.4) Mac & Cheese:Not too cheesy, perfect blend of cheese / mac / and truffle5) Creamed Corn: I've made this from the recipe Cook, Taste, Eat by MM. Um...it's 10x more fantastic in person.6) Potato Puree Trio: My personal fav was the lobster. Sour cream & Onion, and Horseradish were close seconds.7) Spicy Zucchini: I've always had this with cucumber, but zucchini was unique! Similar to Korean side dishes, very good.8) Grilled Asparagus: Can't ever go wrong with grilled veggies in my opinion.9) Heirloom Tomato Salad:Burrata, ember roasted tomato vinaigrette. Delicious. Running out of things to say how good it all is.Main Entree:8OZ Rib eye. So good. But I definitely eyeballed my friend's 14OZ bone in fillet (special of the day) Half Lobster - Grilled. DESSERTS!!!!1) Beignets served with: Maccallan 18 Yr Butterscotch Pudding / Vanilla Cremem brulee / and Chocolate Pot de Creme2) Smores Bar: Smores. in a Bar form. 3) Dunking Donuts: Dipping sauces: Salty Caramel, Jasmine Chocolate, Caramel Ice Cream4) Mascarpone Cheesecake: Harry's berries, Basil, Pistachio Streusel....could not take another bite..I think that's all. I can't remember anymore at this point, lol.
2	This is a lovely steak house located in Mandalay Bay with great decor, excellent service, and a classy ambiance.  So why 2 stars?  Quite frankly, our steaks were incorrectly prepared.First some background: I make a middling 5 figure salary, so I can't afford to eat $60 steaks very often.  But when I do, it's usually worth every penny.  I've happily dropped $300 on a single meal because it's difficult to find world-class beef that is expertly aged and prepared.I ordered the ribeye medium and my fiancee had the filet mignon medium-well (each is currently $59), we had the spicy zucchini and asparagus sides, and we ordered two glasses of Michael Mina's cabernet.  When our steaks arrived, I was bitterly disappointed to find that my ribeye was overcooked, somewhere between medium-well and well-done (no trace of pink whatsoever), while my fiancee's filet was completely well-done.  Our vegetable sides were about quantity over quality: I'm not sure how many fistfuls of zucchini and asparagus is customary for two people, but the zucchini was hardly spicy and the asparagus was elementary.  I'm certain I could've made either side at home blindfolded.All the work that goes into designing and executing such a beautiful restaurant flies out the window the instant the chef overcooks your steak.  When the apex of your evening on the town is your dinner, and the keystone of your dinner is your incorrectly prepared steak, it puts a damper on your mood.  I am not one to send back food, mostly because it irreparably throws off the timing of the meal, but when I mentioned to our server the problem with our steaks, she informed us that lately customers had been complaining that their steaks were undercooked.  She had received authorization from the manager to give us complimentary desserts, but we declined.Please keep in mind that the quality of the beef was superb, and the pacing of the meal was comfortable.  We were treated very well, and the wine was satisfying.  This review is not about the price nor the value for your money.  It is simply about two overcooked steaks and two underwhelming sides.  At this level, there is no room for error.
4	Very good blackened steak, considering I was not expecting it to come out blackened service was excellent although manager was a little frustrating considering I was told I could bring in my outside drink and then half way through my meal he changed his mind and didn't want it on the table.  My husband doesn't normally like blackened steak but he was even pleasantly surprised.
5	Everything was wonderful! Great servers and awesome food. Wish I could have eaten all of it. Coffee and desserts were so tasty. Learned about fingerling limes.
4	Stripsteak is solid.  Been here about a dozen times and never had a bad meal.  Service is quality and they can correctly cook a steak.  Duck fat fries are definitely worth ordering.
3	Went with 6 guys here for dinner to celebrate a bachelor's party dinner.Pros:- They give you complementary fries.- Prime rib bone in was very nice.  2 of the guys ordered it and it was delicious.- Seafood sampler:  Oyster was very fresh, clam was a bit fishy, lobster/shrimp was good.- Wagu Burger (medium rare) was delicious.- Petite Filet was delicious as well.Cons:- My Kansas city steak (New York Steak) was not good.  Had to send it back.  They gave me a refund so at least customer service was good.  - My friend's chicken was dry and not good.- Grill Fois Gras had a very weird taste to it.  Not as buttery and seemed like it was just seared on the outside make the inside a bit undercooked.Overall:I expected a little more to this restaurant for the price.  We just had too many letdowns from our orders to give this even a 3 star.  I had to struggle to give it 3 stars but the customer service was good enough to give it a 3 star.
2	We went to the Oddball comedy fest and decided to give STRIPSTEAK a try. My wallet and I both wished we had chosen a different restaurant. Wait time: 3 (Our reservation was at 5:30 thus were seated quickly, but the wait for the food was a bit long)Service: 4Food: 2.5Prices: 1 (If I could give it a 0, then it would be a 0. The food was not worth the price)
2	I must admit to being totally underwhelmed with our dining experience at Strip Steak, Mandalay Bay.Firstly the time between ordering and receiving our food was lengthy  although the restaurant didn't appear to be very full. When  we did receive our dinner,  nothing was piping hot. I had the chop and I think it was probably the blandest piece of meat I have ever eaten.  Totally devoid of any flavor what so ever.  My companions who both ordered the Filet Mignon, found they were  satisfactory but neither completely finished their steaks as they just weren't that good.  The duck fat fries were delicious, truffle mac and cheese was okay.  The asparagus was nice, but the mushrooms were cold.  The selection of desserts was poor although the cheese cake was very light and delicious.  As I said a totally underwhelming dining experience.   Frankly I would have been disappointed if I we had eaten this meal at a steakhouse with a mid range price point but this meal cost over $400.00. I would recommend skipping Strip Steak if you wish to avoid being disappointed.
3	Ate here for a client dinner.  Service was fine and food was good - not great.  Filet lacked any spice, and no salt on the table!  Sides were decent.  Duck fat fries make up for any negatives though.Would likely look elsewhere next time.
5	I cannot really express how great an experience we had here.  When we arrived the restaurant wasn't open yet, so we say at the bar for about 20 minutes... Turned out the Bartender grew up on the same street at me!  He was extremely friendly and remembered our names even with a bar full of people!  Once we were sat in the dining area, our waitress guided us through picking the perfect steaks and we were given complementary duck fat fries... Amazing! Best fries I've ever had.Now onto the steak.  Call me sheltered, but I honestly thought steak was steak. Boy, was I wrong!  The steaks were fantastic, cooked exactly the way I asked. No sauces needed. I didn't think steak could be so good.While some people may be put off by the fact that the sides are not included in the hefty price of the steak, they are family style and a very large portion.  We got the onion rings (skinny, crunchy, amazing) and the Mac and cheese (creamy, hint of garlic, and truffle) I know I've over used amazing... But, damn! What else can I say! I whole recommend.
4	I thought this steakhouse was really good, my only issue is that I hate restaurants where everyone passing by can watch you eat.  I do like a little privacy, but other than that little issue I feel the food is really good and the servers have always been extremely polite.Steaks of course are their specialty and for sides I recommend the mac n cheese.  If you are a wine person then make sure and ask you server to bring over the wine expert and you will be really satisfied with their expertise in fine and food pairings.Keep up the good work and will see you next year for sure.
4	We came here with the MGM execs and they hosted our dinner with patically everything on the menu, steaks were well aged, sides were as expected of Michael Mina. Delicious.Must orders: appetizers wagyu satay or tartar, lobster fritter or bisque dont forget the foie gras slidders. Main, dry ages bone in rib eye, american wagyu rib cap, of course a5 japanese wagyu enhanced with grilled foie gras, king crab or just top any steak with foie gras butter. Why not? Sides spicy zucchini, smoked mushrooms and bone marrow. Deserts: everything..we literally had everything. A true perk when you work for an event company, the restaurant sites. They serve you only the best on the menu, at this place they served everything and everything is the best.
5	I really enjoyed myself tonight at Stripsteak!  Great service and the Rib Cap was one for the ages!  Cooked perfectly!  I highly recommend it.  Also, they give you complimentary french fries cooked in duck fat.  The flavor is amazing!!
2	I really wanted to like this place but the service is want made me dislike it.  We came here to celebrate our anniversary.  We were seated quickly.  Our waiter looked like he was stressed or too occupied in helping us.  We started off with Crab cakes which my husband liked.  There was a flavor in the crab cake I did not like.  I ended up ordering Japanese Wagyu Beef Satay as my meal.  My husband ordered a steak.  We also ordered  a baked potato to accompany our meal.  After close to 45 minutes we wondering where our meals were as it seemed everyone around us were getting theirs.  Finally after close to a hour, our food comes out.  I took my first bite and my Beef Satay was ice cold.  My husband's steak was cold but the baked potato was hot?  Odd?  We flagged down another waiter as ours just wasn't attentive.  The waiter immediately took our meals back and we waited not even 10 minutes when our order came back out.  My Satay was piping hot and delicious.  The black pepper soy glaze was just perfect.  My husband's steak came out but the baked potato didn't come out.  While we're almost done with our meal our baked potato comes out.  Seriously???  We ended up returning the baked potato.  We ended our meal with the beignets which were really good.  We would have enjoyed our experience here if our service was better.
1	If you like great steakhouses like Ruth's Chris, Morton's or The Palm, you won't like Stripsteak. One of the worst steak meals we've ever had. Service was very slow, took 45 min to get out raw oysters and a salad, and an hour and a half for a medium rare steak. Steak was not tender and very plain...grocery store steaks have more flavor. Please don't waste your time or money on this very over-hyped steakhouse.
2	I think this restaurant is way over rated for the money spent.On the upside,the waiter was very polite and professional and overall the food wasgood,not great but good. One the down side of things, when a meal costs overa hundred dollars a meal and  the wines start at ninety dollars I expect exceptionalfood and exceptional service for these prices.All of the foods were served barely warm or cold, servings were small. they have two unisex restrooms and after waiting in line,most people left the restaurant to wash and relieve themselves.The only thing exceptional about this restaurant is the appearence  of the way thefood was prepared,other than that.this is only a average restaurant.
5	This is the steak place for you if you want truly good food, without all the pretentious, posh BS. Last night was our second visit and it didn't disappoint. My wife had the ribeye and it was very good as always. I had heard about the burger and though it wasn't on the menu, I asked the waiter if they could make it and it wasn't a problem. I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to burgers, so it's not easy to say this, but that was one of the best burgers I've had in a very long time.The sides... OMG... Always good. The Duck Fat Fries were very good, the Asiago Mac n Cheese was great, and the Au Gratin Potatoes were extraordinary!Didn't have dessert this time, but we did have a glass of Michael Mina's house Cabernet and it was quiet good too.Just a note for those of you who think you need to spend $100 or more for a steak, we went to Joel Robuchon the night before, and the $185 steak wasn't half as good as the $59 steak here!
3	What we had:-Yellowtail Sashimi- good but not great-Lobster Bisque- a letdown, very very small portion, not much lobster and really not that great for $19Steak: -30oz Porterhouse: damn fine steak-American Wagyu Rib Cap: this was very very good.  so tender, very tasty.  Sides:-Onion rings: good but not amazing-mac and cheese: letdown, had high expectations but really not that cheesy, and sorta plain tasting even with the truffle-Potato puree- meh, wasn't anything special and they all sorta tasted the same even though it was a "trio"-brussel sprouts - these were VERY good then again everything with bacon is-fries- our first order was cold, 2nd order was hot but of course they charged us anyways for the 2nd orderDessert:Beignets: the 3 sauces were delish as were the donutsI guess when it comes down to it - it's vegas and Michael Mina - it's going to be overpriced and somewhat of a let down.  The service was ok but nothing special and the place is REALLY loud and crowded - def don't go there for a romantic dinner but kind of a cool spot for big group with a big wallet
4	This place has good food, good service, and a good environment.  Our group was sat near the window that looks into the kitchen.  It was cool to see the process.For my meal I ordered the filet mignon medium rare.  It came out as ordered.  The meat had good flavor.  You can distinctly taste the wood it is cooked on.  It is not my first choice, but it was good none the less.  It was tender and juicy.The sides are served family style.  I tried the crispy potato cakes.  They were very good.  The scallion creme fraiche added some good flavor as well.For dessert I ordered the beignets with 18 year old Macallan butterscotch pudding.  The beignets were very good.  They did not have as much powdered sugar as Cafe Du Monde, but were at least as good in flavor.  The butterscotch pudding was very good as well.  The Macallan shot gave it some added depth and a little kick.This is a good steak option, especially if you like the wood flavor cooked into your steak.
4	Duck fat fries: YES!!Market greens: nice light start with a delicious crumble6 oz American Wagyu "eye": Broccolini: Mac and Cheese:
5	The best all-around steakhouse I have ever had the pleasure of eating at.  It is hip and stylish with premium appointments all around you.  Fine dining meals and detail oriented serving but at the same time very casual.  Come as you are to STRIPSTEAK.I have eaten here a dozen or more times over a period of about 5 years.  In my opinion, steak does not get better than this.This last visit, I had the pleasure of meeting Chef Gerald Chin.  He talked with me for almost a half hour about the kitchen and showed me a couple cool tricks too.  I was very impressed...he is a super nice guy.You can get some really massive Wagyu here, but for me the high end stuff is way out of my price range.  The most expensive steak I have had here is the Kobe A5, which I was not impressed with anyway.The signature steak is the Kobe Rib Cap, now market price because Mina probably depleted the whole worlds supply. It was about $80 before, but you can expect to pay between 80 and 100 now.  This is butter poached and then finished on a wood fire.  Truly amazing.  They have immersion heaters that keep clarified butter at poaching temperature.  When an order comes up they just take one out of the bath and grill the outside...so the level of doneness is determined by the immersion heater, not the grill.  This guarantees you will always get a steak cooked perfectly to your desired temperature.My favorite appetizer was the foie gras sliders...but sadly they are no more.  There are tons of pics of them to see if you want.  I got to taste a new dish (it just rolled out the night I went there) which was a trio of foie gras.  There was a seared piece on top of gingerbread, a financier of foie (small french cake), and a miso-poached torchon.  All were topped with a piece of quince and some sprinkled hazelnuts.  Such an amazing dish.If you are in Vegas, I highly recommend you make your dinner reservations here.
5	This place was absolutely tops. One of the best steaks I have ever had and one of the best all around meals I have ever had.We made reservations for a Friday at 6 pm but we didn't need to as it was pretty dead. It picked up later but definitely not full like I thought it would have been.As you would expect in Vegas, it was very stylish and beautiful and grand, with big comfy seats and huge wooden tables, a big open kitchen to see through, yadda yadda. The service was very friendly and nice without the super posh annoyingness that you get at some places (you know what I'm talking about). Our server was helpful and cool and he had a team of backups to help him out, all of whom were good as well.There were seven of us and they kindly gave us some complimentary duck fat fries with some amazeballs dipping sauces. Seriously these were the best duck fat fries I have ever had. We then each ordered an entree and split up some appetizers. The appetizers - mac and cheese, creamed corn, potato puree, and some mushrooms. All of it was out of this world except the mushrooms, which was just regular damn good. I ended up with the angus filet mignon and it was also freakin delicious. The others at the table were equally impressed with their various entrees as I heard lots of mmmmms and ahhhhhss.For drinks I got the sampler of scotches for $30 or something. So worth it. The meal total was over $800 or something, but there were no complaints. Just a bunch of very stuffed and happy customers.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas... If you could stomach the price tag.wagyu ribeye cap (loved it)truffle mac and cheese (loved it)creme brulee beignets (really good)started with the Malbec (good)finished with the Michael mina cab (okay)a must for people who love steak...
5	Their wagyu (Kobe Beef steak) is incredible. It's my second best favorite meal next to Bistro Paul Bert's steak frite in Paris, France. It's worth the every penny paid.
4	Reason:  Wife's BirthdayTime:  Dinner 9PMAmbience/Atmosphere:  Great place for groups since one of the walls (with holes in it) share the lounge next door.  Wouldn't recommend for 2 person dining.  They used iPads as menus for the wine list.  Pretty cool     Although I wouldn't have minded a traditional menu. Place has a contemporary modern feel in which I can understand the use of the iPad. Staff:  Great staff.  Accommodated well. Had birthday card signed by staff members on the table. Made effort to attend to our needs as far as noise level.  Very attentive. Food:  Not the best for steak IMO. Ordered rib eye (not the wagyu) medium rare.  Had better steak at other high end steak houses. Rice pilaf was bland. Wife got 6 or 8oz filet. Ordered well done. Butterflied but still didn't come out well done. Had to send back to get cooked some more.  Comp'd fries were awesome. Came with 3 sauces. Each was unique and good.  Even had to use it for my steak (which I don't do often). Overall:  Maybe if I ordered the wagyu, it may have been better. I would come back only to see if the wagyu rib eye is worth the extra $$$. Which was approx $30? more for a 10oz less cut.
2	We go to a local hotel for Christmas every year. The night consists of a dinner and a show in that hotel. This year it was The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. The restaurant unfortunately was Stripsteak. The restaurant itself is nice and seated us immediately upon arrival. The server was quick and responsive. The problems began whenwe ordered. There were a number of items including baked potatoes that were not available this evening. This had to be a major faux pas on the part of the order department but totally affected our view of the place. They must have used up all their potatoes making French fries because that was what they bring in lieu of bread. Their special this evening was prime rib encrusted with a horseradish mix. This my wife ordered the special and it was way below par perhaps being the worst prime rib she has ever had. Nothing to do with the mix, the food was bland and hard to eat. The steak I had was good though. We had Brussels sprouts, which were sliced and blended with bacon, which was tasty. The potato scarcity coupled with the tasteless prime rib assured that we would not be back to this restaurant. A steakhouse with out baked potatoes is just not right. I say dressy in how one should show up but that usually does not happen anymore. Some of our fellow diners were dressed up while others were in sandals and shorts. The short of it is this is a restaurant in a resort and really does not have to live up to any expectations. The management definitely is aware of this fact. Sad because we had higher expectations going in.
4	Great place in Vegas to have steak! The rib cap was MP as 79 but it totally worthy it!!! Besides the side dishes are amazing!!! Highly recommended the mash potato. 3 diff layer flavor with lobster sauce and garlic. Love that!!
3	For a hyped celebrity restaurant, just okay.  The service and food were solid, but I don't think they lived up to the hype or the price.
5	Probably the best steak I have ever had. I ate here Last night for my birthday and it was amazing. I had the 8 oz rib cap and it just melted in my mouth. Our server Sean was awesome and made some real solid recommendations.  We started at the bar before dinner and Monica hooked up some real solid cocktails and was very nice.  All in all just a first class experience and made my birthday dinner just perfect.
5	Ohh duck fat fries!!! Yes I am a fan. Perfectly cooked steak and sides of cream spinach , yummo, this is fantastic. The service is great, food is always prepared just right, and the atmosphere is pleasant and it is not to loud here, yahh!!!
4	My husband and I have a tradition of ending our Vegas trips with a steak dinner and this place was the next on our places to try. We were seated right on time for our reservation at a private table towards the back. They give each table a trio of duck fat fries with three different dipping sauces on the house. It was a nice touch since we didn't order an appetizer. We ordered:30oz Porterhouse: It was a good size and since I'm not much of a meat person, my husband had to take care of the majority of it. The meat was perfectly cooked albeit a bit under-seasoned. Potato puree trio: Such a cute presentation and a perfect side for spud lovers. The potatoes were pureed to creamy perfection but the flavors weren't very potent. The lobster mash wasn't as decadent  as Mastros, and the sour cream and onion tasted like plain mashed potatoes. The horseradish had a nice kick to it and was my favorite of the bunch.Brussel sprouts: We read it had bacon lardon mixed in and we were sold. The smoky flavor of the bacon complemented the shredded brussel sprouts nicely. We also ordered a bottle of Cabernet and it was our first time seeing the sommelier pour a little bit out  to taste for himself before presenting it to us. The server was attentive but not intrusive. Good ambiance, not crowded, quiet, dim lighting, typical fancy steakhouse vibe. Although we did enjoy our experience here, with so many great steakhouses in Vegas, it's hard to say when would come back.
3	You would think that a "high-end" restaurant that serves steak would give you a better selection of breads before dinner than basic "store looking" dinner rolls with butter splashed on top. I also would've thought that a filet mignon would've been good enough to eat sans steak sauce. But I was disappointed. Plus, to add insult to injury, they charge $6 for steak sauce! Save your money, get room service or McDonald's!
3	I've eaten at Stripsteak a number of times as I've visited Las Vegas for work. The steaks are great and the ambience is modern and full of energy. The steaks themselves are high quality and I haven't been disappointed with any of my choices. The sides are good and service is great. You can't go wrong eating at Stripsteak.
5	One of my favorite places to grab steaks when I am in Vegas.  I always get the bone in rib eye -- flame kissed.  The steak is good. I also got the kale salad which was awesome. The Maine crab was so so. The atmosphere is great and the staff is hot. Definitely a place to take ur date when u r in Vegas.
5	My husband and I had dinner here with another couple and it was fabulous!  We started with cocktails at the bar, and were really pleased with the variety and creativity of drinks offered.  Definitely a great spot to come back to before a show.After being seated by the friendly hostess we were greeted with a complimentary french fry trio (YUM!!!!!), and then started off with the Oysters.  They were delicious.  Just briny enough to please any palate, and the cocktail sauce had an awesome kick to it.  The sommelier was helpful in choosing a wine, and I definitely recommend asking him for a recommendation based on what you are eating.  Following the appetizer we had salads, which were crisp and beautifully presented.  Ordering one to split among two people is more than enough, and they are happy to divide the salad between two plates for you (always a nice touch).For entrees two people in our party had steaks (filet and ribeye, I believe), and two had seafood entrees.  The meat-eaters said that the steaks were some of the best they had ever had, and the seafood dishes were cooked perfectly and extremely flavorful.  For sides we had one order of truffle mac and cheese to share, and it was plenty for four people.  The entrees also come with a small garnish of potato and carrot, so everyone was definitely full by the end of the meal.  Overall we will definitely be visiting Stripsteak again!  The waiter was excellent, and the service was highly attentive - just what you come to expect from a high end steakhouse in Vegas.  Cheers!
5	We come to Vegas at least once a year and we always make time to have a meal at StripSteak. The absolute most amazing piece of beef you will ever taste is the Wagyu Cap Steak, it's melt in your mouth do the happy dance good!!!  The creamed spinach can be a meal in itself with bacon and cream. We cannot stress enough how wonderful this meal was.
3	My husband and I went here for Restaurant Week last August. The pluses are that the customer service was very good and they gave us complimentary appetizers (trio of fries with 3 sauces). However, being that it is a steak house, the steak was just not very good. It was chewy and something I would not want to eat again. So I won't be going back to STRIPSTEAK. Also, it is very expensive if you go when it is not RW.
5	The wife and I met a friend of mine for dinner at Stripsteak on a Monday night.  We were very familiar with Michael Mina's steakhouse concept having enjoyed his Bourbon Steak, one of our favorite places in DC, on multiple occasions.  As a result, we had high expectations for Stripsteak.  Stripsteak occupies an open, modern-looking, high-ceilinged, well-lit space along Restaurant Row in Mandalay Bay.  Since we had early reservations at 6pm, the dining room was virtually empty except for us.  Given that we practically had the place to ourselves, the service was solid and our food came out expeditiously, hot and fresh throughout our meal.Our meal started out with Mina's signature amuse of Duck Fat Fries with a trio of dipping sauces.  The fries were hot and crispy.  They were a nice prelude to our meal, but still...just fries.  Stripsteak's strength is in its wood-fire grilled proteins.  I had the 8 oz. American Wagyu Rib Cap, medium rare.  My rib cap came out cooked precisely to my requested doneness, seasoned with restraint with only salt and pepper, was fork tender, and was, not unexpectedly, wonderfully juicy and flavorful.  It was the perfect treatment of this treasured cut of meat.  We shared orders of the Roasted Wild Mushrooms and Mac & Cheese with black truffle sides.  The mushrooms, a mix of maitake, oyster, and possibly another variety, were earthy, tender, and possessed subtle smoky notes from the wood-fire roasting.  The mac & cheese possessed distinct but balanced truffle flavor.  It was a solid and enjoyable upscale rendition of a comfort food staple.Stripsteak served up an excellent meal that lived up to our expectations.  As steak joints go, it held its own with Las Vegas' best steakhouses.  It's not for the budget-conscious, but thankfully on this evening, my buddy picked up the tab.  4.5 stars!
3	Expected more from this steakhouse.  Our waitress was very nice but service was so slow.  It felt like an eternity waiting for our main course.  Also, the restaurant is pretty noisy with loud music coming from next door.  America's oysters and the sea bass dish were good.  My 8 Oz. Wagyu filet was decent.  Our check came out to $180.  Should have paid a little more for Craftsteak.
2	The salad was great but from there it went down hill. Service wasn't very good and we went at 6 pm. They charge for refill on soda, really $60 steak and have to pay for refill. Steak had a bad taste to it. Semi warm.
5	Amazing. Amazing Amazning. I have been here 3 times and each time has been stellar! I have had the filet, the sea bass and the flank steak and all were just delicious. The wood fired grill really gives the steaks a unique flavor. The mushrooms....just to die for.The best and most amazing part (if you ask me) are the frits you get (for free) as starters. They all have individual dips too. Nom nom. The service is impeccable as well. I have a background as a waitress, so I always like to see how the waiters take orders, etc. I don't get to say this too often, but they were on point. The martinis are made to perfection. The restaurant's ambiance is gorgeous and of course it's in Vegas, which is our favorite vacation destination spot!
4	Good food - VERY PRICEY THOUGH. Honestly, it's just steak & fish....are they sprinkling magic dust or S&P on it back there? Look, I GET the allure of a Vegas trip and the overpriced eatery - I get it, really!! But compared to MANY MANY other meals I've had, it was decent - not magical and earth shattering. If you go here, be prepared for a long wait and high prices. It does have nice atmosphere and an extensive assortment of wines....and good food .....
4	I live for the nightI live for the lightsI live for the high til I'm free fallin'I live for the night at...STRIPSTEAK! - Krewella (live for the night)I wasn't able to go to Stripsteak last time I was here but I was delighted that I got to come this past visit. It's a very little thing, but offering complimentary duck fat fries is fun and I appreciate something different. It was one of the selling points in addition to Michael Mina that attracted me here. Let's start with the good. The Wagyu rib cap was amazing and super tender. I'd recommend this steak hands down to anyone that dines here. The lobster fritters and wagyu satay appetizers were tasty too. They come in a set of three, which is kind of odd but maybe it goes with their theme along with the three types of fries and three dipping sauces that came with them. The Loup de Mer, which is an european seabass (skin attached), was worth ordering as well.The not so good. I kind of wish the fries came in a more timely matter. If they came before we finished ordering, that would've been more appropriate. There were just too many different servers for our table and it just felt out of place. They had someone walking around with fries, then another person take our order, then another person who cleared our plates after the appetizers, then one of them came back to set up our table for dessert. Also, the timing of when all the food came out was out of sorts. The fries came a while after we ordered, but then it took even longer to get the appetizers out. I understand steak restaurants take a long time to get it right, but it felt inordinately long for the entrees even when the server said it was coming anytime now. I also could've went without the potato puree and spicy zuchinni side dishes, just didn't seem to put much effort here. The cuts of the zuchinni were amateurish imo. I would be extremely happy to come here for a cup of water and their wagyu steak.
5	Nothing to say, just great food, the steak was like a piece of butter and the cocktails are ingenious, original and delicious.  Try the fries with the truffle sauce, you cant stop eating them!
4	Stripsteak is in the Mandalay Bay/THEhotel complex, and offered an excellent steak and Martini experience. My wife was satisfied with the glass of Cab she selected off of the (iPad!) wine list, which was fairly robust. The Rib Eye was very tasty and served at a proper temperature, and the foi gras was delectable. The sides were just okay, and I wouldn't recommend the mac and cheese, which was watery. I would recommend the service which was attentive and knowledgable. Also, the duck fat fries however were awesome. Overall I would recommend Stripsteak and would go back again.
5	Amazing,  amazing!!!!  My wife and I went to Stripsteak to celebrate our anniversary.  I made a reservation online and made a note of our special occasion.  When we were seated, there was a hand written card from the staff wishing us Happy Anniversary.   Nice touch! The food was great!  We both never had dry aged steak before but after this experience, we will not have our steaks any other way.  They were well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  I just wish they offered their signature 75 day dry aged tomahawk steak.  I guess it's another chance for me to go back.
2	We were pretty disappointed with almost everything at this restaurant. It was pretty noisy and my husband and I were sat at a table where we had to sit across from each other. We could barely hear each other due to the noise. Our server was nice, the problem was that the service itself sucked. Everything took forever!! I ordered a cocktail which didn't even arrive until after our appetizer. When my steak came out it wasn't just rare... It was raw and I had ordered it medium. My husband had also ordered the same steak prepared the same way and was done eating before my steak came back out. Even after being cooked longer it still came out hardly even warm. The best part of the whole meal was the cheesecake. So I'd have to say the only reason I'm giving 2 stars is the cheesecake and the nice server.
4	Got the bone-in ribeye.  Nicely seasoned, however my steak had way too much fat compared to other bone-in ribeyes.  Free duck fries is always good!  The mushroom side dish was excellent.  Came here for an early Saturday dinner with no reservation and was seated right away.
2	To give you an impression of how good this "steak" restaurant is...I ordered the pork.  I was here with a couple of buddies and we were all hopeful for a spectacular meal. Mind you the food wasn't horrible, but the experience of a steak house was completely null and void. If I wanted food court atmosphere and noise, I would have opted for the McDonald's McRib and saved myself $130.  Additionally, when I sit down at a famous chefs restaurant, make sure I don't have the capability to make better side dishes or steaks (from what I gather none of the guys who had steak enjoyed it) at home. And for the prices that are charged, offering me a 'french fry' sampler 'compliments of the house' was pretty tacky...don't give ketchup a fancy name in the hopes I'd never had ketchup before and didn't know what it tasted like. Oh, and pay no attention to the dress code because the staff doesn't. You could easily wear a basketball jersey at the bar and if you show up at just the right time, they let you wear basketball shorts and t-shirts to dine there. Really fancied up the place....At least the waiter was nice...I guess it makes a up for everything else, right? no.
5	Oh my gosh!  Best steak ever.  My husband go the wagyu filet mignon and I got the 4 large scallops and as sides we got mac & cheese and mushrooms.  There is no need to use a knife to cut the steak and mac & cheese truffle flavor was to die for.  Its very expensive but I can see why because of the quality of the food.  This is definitely a treat if you want to go on a fancy dinner and spluge.
5	We ordered the Neyers Char, 2009 which was great  will try to buy it at Metro Market at home  Duck Spring Rolls were highly recommended and did not disappoint. Also had the Lobster Fritters as an appetizer. Another winner. We ordered the Kobe Ribcap Steak which was recommend by our server, Glenn.
5	I have been to as many Michael Mina steak restaurants as possible after falling in love with Bourbon Steak in DC. I mean they give you French fries instead of bread- what's not to like? That being said I would say my experience at the Vegas restaurant was slightly worse than in DC or SF but I am a Niles Crane-esque nitpicker so don't let that deter you. Also, Stripsteak is in the Mandalay Bay which makes it a bit easier to get a table/reservation on the weekends as its not nearly as popular a hotel as it once was (something that also lends to the Border Grill brunch). There are like 3 negative reviews where the people say " I can make food better than this"- I'm not sure if they all climbed out of the same clown car together but if they can actually make better food they are in the wrong industry. The SteakI always get a bone in ribeye when I first go to a steak place as a basis of comparison with other restaurants. The ribeye here is a bit smaller than usual (18 oz vs usual 22 or more) and I actually think the meat was a little tastier. The steak had been trimmed a little more than I would like (fat= flavor) but it didn't seem to have negatively affected the steak. The curst was nice and salty- good. Medium rare was a deep red-good. The price (59$) is pretty average for Vegas steak joints on the strip. My dining companion got the Waygu  vs Waygu entree and that was fantastic- probably what I will get the next time I go (although bacon rapped veal is pretty enticing as well) The SidesSome people, after eating 2 lbs of French fries, might think "You know what; I probably don't need another potato side". We call those people losers. The reason these underhumans won't be dining with me is because Stripsteak has a little something called the Potato Puree Trio- much like the fires it delivers 3 different kinds of potato including one that is pureed with lobster. Perhaps I am a philistine but the lobster potatoes were actually freaking awesome. I know it probably shouldn't be done, I know it's probably not the choicest lobster bits but jesus... it is good. The mac and cheese- I also always get this when available my first time at a steak place and this one did not disappoint. It was quite "crusty" with lots of bits on top which I like. The mac itself was perhaps a little dry but I would rather that than have it swimming. Broccolini- had a very nice amount of garlic flavor which made this usually inedible weed actually taste pretty good.
4	Great food... great staff. Only reason for the 4 joins team of 5 is the prices are really high. Nice atmosphere to enjoy a good dinner and the wine steward was on the ball
5	Delicious food! The duck fat fries were delicious! I ordered a Pear Martini which was delicious. We had the lobster fritters for an appetizer, they were good. I ordered the Wagyu Filet and it was amazing. Knife cut thru it like butter! My husband ordered the American Wagyu vs. Australian Wagyu and he loved it as well. As a side we got the Potato Gratin, well my husband has found a new favorite dish, it was amazing! For dessert I ordered the Apple Crumble and my husband ordered the Mascarpone Cheesecake, both of which were completely demolished. I would def recommend eating here!
3	Let's talk about the big sirloin, seafood platter, drinks and dessert. It's been a week to this day that I got the pleasure of trying out this contemporary restaurant. ;)...but enjoying such good food, who would mind?!  In fact, I was enjoying it all so much, I should've had my own table.  All I can say is, that was one of the plumpest, juciest meats i've ever had. thx
3	Look, I'm here on an expense account and I know we're splurging. But I have to say, the food is not worth the price. Not to mention, we totally said tap water and ended up with $40 in water. I get it, it's the Vegas shakedown, but at every damn turn? We had to wait an hour for our table and when we got there, we ordered an array of stuff. I dug the truffle fries and their sides are good (particularly the gratin potatoes). But the $16 bowl of bisque was weak and I would have much preferred spend this amount of a steak dinner upstairs at the Foundation Room. My only point in this review? You can do better, and you should.
5	Great steakhouse in one of the all time greatest Vegas hotels: Mandelay Bay! Stripsteak has a great selection of cuts of beef. I had the 10oz filet and it was awesome. Be sure to get the potato gratin side, you will NOT be disappointed in this dish because it goes well with a steak or fish entree. Very friendly and accommodating staff that really added the finishing touch to the great food. Highly recommended if you are looking for a great steak experience.
3	I found the 18 oz bone-in ribeye to be "just OK, not great." The sides were all delicious, though. The wine selection was fine.Service was slow and shockingly inattentive for a restaurant where the average spend is going to be over $100 per person (before wine).
3	Are the duck fat fries always free?  I'm not a huge fan of fries in general but anything free is good.  Had the lobster fritters.  Good, not great.  The staff in general seem a bit arrogant.
1	I have visited & loved many Michael Mina restaurants, & this one absolutely does NOT measure up!  Much overrated & overpriced for quality of food & ambiance...very marginal steak, poor prep, & not served as ordered.  Terribly LOUD.  Free duck fries best item served at this dinner.  Would not return.   Complete waste of $$$ & calories!
5	Great food, Great Service. What else can we say. We made a reservation, got there early and sat down right away. Our waitress was very personalbe and made the experience above and beyond.The food was great. We both had different steaks, and both were amazing. The only odd thing was I kept feeling a little water mist hitting my arm, I thought it was a lemon or something being squeezed but it happened a couple of times and I figured out it was coming from the ceiling. I notified the waitress to tell her manager so they could check it after closing before it got bad. She offered to move our table which we declined because it was so small it was no biggy, we just wanted to make sure they checked it before it became a problem. For this they bought us desert and sent us back to our room with candied popcorn and cheese cake. They didn't have to do this because the water was really no big deal, but that is just the kinda place this place is. The service was just that good.I highly recommend going here for a nice dinner. We will be back.
4	The fry sampler is awesome. I had a lobster dinner that was perfect. To top it all off I had a smores dessert that was amazing. I went there with family on a comp. I probably wouldn't pay to go there because it was expensive, but the food was delicious. Servers are very attentive and helpful. They replaced my grandmother's dessert for another when she didn't like it.
4	Three words: Duck. Fat. Fries. Yes, my friends, the french fries alone make it worth a trip to Stripsteak. We've eaten here a number of times and it's been a great experience every time. The past few trips we've just eaten small bites in the bar. Last trip for me was a Manhattan to drink and the pork belly. Absolutely fantastic!
3	Came here with our toddler and the wait staff was very accommodating and friendly.  Food was okay, not the best steak I ever had but not the worst either.  The french fries given at the beginning was a nice touch.  Our foie gras appetizer was okay it was thin and we could barely taste the actual piece since all the accompaniments were so sweet and plentiful in comparison with the actual portion of foie.  I think the size of the table is really ridiculous for it being a steakhouse and anticipating people would order drinks and sides with their steaks.  It is basically a bistro table for two.
5	We came to Vegas for a surprise 30th birthday celebration for my boyfriend and after a little research decided upon STRIPSTEAK. He had no clue where we were going and his mind was BLOWN. (His smile, shock, and awe was worth the five stars alone.)The ambience was great, and we were greeted at our table with a sweet birthday card signed by the staff. Our waiter was funny and with a table of very indecisive first-timers gave his very knowledgable opinion freely, which I really appreciate. I tried the cucumber martini and it was insanely great, a little on the sweet side for me but potent cucumber flavor which I adore. We all tried something different, American Wagyu Vs. Australian Wagyu, Wagyu filet, Scottish salmon, diver scallops, potato puree trio, creamed spinach. We were all so impressed and pleased with each new thing put before us.It was a unbelievable meal spent with the greatest company all to celebrate the best man! Awesome place to celebrate!
2	I came here with 6 others for a bachelor party, and while the interior was slick and modern, it was way too loud for my taste.  Walking in, we were greeted warmly and escorted to our table, which was in view of the glass wall where you could see the grill. pretty cool.The waiter was a nice enough fellow, but after going through the menu (since it was our first time) I asked him what his favorites were. He seemed a bit miffed by that and told me to just listen to the rest of his speech.  And the rest of his speech basically constituted of the specials.  Ok, great, sorry for interrupting but really? you're not going to talk about what you like the most about what you just said and ignore a patron's request and just go into the specials?We got the mac and cheese, spinach souffle, creamed spinach, and potato gratin for sides.  A buddy and I shared the bone in porterhouse.  Everything was good, not great. Basically, for the price point, I expected much higher quality and would rather spend my money elsewhere if this is supposed to be the 'standard' for $100+ a head.
2	I'll make this to the pointthe bad:1. There are much better restaurants in this price range, SW being one.2. The food is overpriced for what you get.3. Don't sit on the couches on the wall, they're way over used. The table was at my chest and had to ask to be moved.4. The busser did the server's job, besides take orders.5. The server didn't introduce herself nor welcome us to the restaurant (not being picky, but many patrons expect this when you're paying $130 per person.)6. The hostess had to take our dessert order because the waitress was nowhere to be found, which is extremely irritating.7. I had to send back the scotch I wanted because they gave it to me with cocktail ice. This is completely unacceptable for a $22 scotch.The good:1. The decor was very nice and not too bright or dark.2. They give out free appetizers, french fries, which are pretty good.3. The hostesses are very accommodating.4. Decent beers and excellent wines.
5	Now this certainly was the way to end a vacation in style!The dining area was actually a lot bigger than it appears from the outside and the decor really sets a relaxing setting for the meal.The staff is amazing and they seem to genuinely want to connect personally with all that come through the doors which is a huge plus. Now onto the good stuff, the food. Quite simply it was mind blowing. I had a cooked to perfection filet mignon which was thicker in cut then what I've seen, but double the taste for sure. As a side I had the most amazing mac n cheese EVER. So good to the point where I would drive 4 hours for it and drive back another 4 hours on a whim. I think it was just the noodles being cooked tender and the combination of cheese was to die for. Another cool thing was my step mom is vegan and they definitely go well beyond the satisfactory to accommodate for that. Her meal looked just as good as the steak and it did actually taste quite amazingIt is true you get what you pay for and I paid for perfection which is certainly what I had received. A+ all the way!
4	This was our second time here - so clearly something is working. To be exact, I remember their mac n' cheese and boy, am I happy that we reunited. I've been to my share of high end steak houses in Chicago and always splurge on mac n' cheese and this is by far the best one (how can you go wrong with truffle?)My hubby ordered the bone in rib eye and I got the prime flat iron - both well prepared and seasoned. We didn't have a reservation but was seated promptly on a Saturday night! And the fries are ahh-mazing! Didn't receive a full 5 stars because of service. Our server was not very engaging nor enthusiastic. She could've been more pleasant.
5	GREAT steakhouse. Waygu cap the best cut ever, always cooked to perfection.  Lamb fantastic. Ventured to try the halibut over the weekend - fabulous. Friendly, excellent service. A+ sides. Wine list could use a bit more global variety and better selection of moderately priced reds.
5	Service was fabulous, and the food was worth every penny. VERY pricey, but I have zero complaints. Steak was melt in your mouth tender, sides had amazingly intricate, diverse and delicate flavors. Can't say enough wonderful things about this restaurant.
5	Decided to eat here before going to a show, and the food and service was beyond impeccable! I have been to so many restaurants where the servers completely ignore you the minute you order coffee and soda (non-alcohol drinks), but not here, the very second you finish a soda/coffee there is a new one in its place, take a sip of water and it is instantly refilled!! They even serve the cream for the coffee hot! and the food? It is beyond excellent here, you must try this place, it exceeded our expectations.
1	I wish they gave you a chance to rate 0 star.    We were there an 1 1/2 hours before the Kings playoff game and were the first one's in the bar.   Waiting for the game, we ordered 3 appetizers and 3 rounds of cocktails.  Drinks were good, appetizers were just ok.Then 30 mins into watching the game and getting ready to order $300 worth of Seafood, we were told by the Manager Robert, that a new group of people had arrived at their bar, and since their other TV was broken, that they were going to change the channel on the game as it was MANDALAY BAY HOTEL POLICY, to always select whatever the larger group of people wanted to watch.In this case it was 5 people from Russia who wanted to watch a different game and as such, we were told we were not as important as us, and once again it was MANDALAY BAY POLICY!So, they changed the channel so that 5 people could come in and order a round of water...LOL, and then basically said tough luck to us.Imagine my chock when I called MANDALAY BAY only to find out that it was not hotel policy and rather the policy of the individual manager.    So now, we have no idea who to believe, but, if you want to go to a loud, overpriced restaurant, where you can easily be treated as a nothing, if a larger party arrives, go to this joint.  If not, find somewhere else.   There was a reason why when every other restaurant was packed with a waiting line, this place was 1/3 full!  Hopefully, MANDALAY BAY, will someday decide to look into this and not let the reputation of a good hotel be damaged by such a lack of professionalism.
4	The food was very tasty cooked to perfection on a very busy night . Service was a bit slow but the place was jam packed and it felt like everybody was seared at the same time. I like that they split the plates as me and my wife ordered the lamb and stripsteak and shared both plates.I have eaten here a few times in the past and the quality was excellent will return again
3	I stay in vegas every week so much choices of food usually stay in the hotel.The decor here is pretty cool, and as with many of the higher end restaurants, the clientele is eclectic and LOUD.This place is LOUD (especially at the bar), caters to a lot of conventioneers (as it is the first major restaurant you see from the mandalay convention center), and many of the wait staff are 'too cool' (perhaps a side affect of vegas). Service was slow, and we found ourselves flagging the waitress for things like drink refills..The food, was good, but very over priced. Its a steak place, but its not a Mastro's or high end place, although the prices don't reflect it.I found the drinks to be average, but we later went to Red Square and had great ones...Great to go to if it were empty, but it took some time to get a table, even at the bar.
5	Great dry aged rib eye stake
1	My dinner was on June 8th 2014. I will typically give a place a 2nd chance if the first isnt what was expected. In this case we are talking about a Vegas, and you only get one shot to impress and hope people spread the word about your Steak house. My wife and I decided to have dinner here after we watched the Michael Jackson show in the hotel. The host escorted us to the table and said a server will be with us shortly. (no problem) 10 mins goes by and nobody is yet to stop by our table. Finally the same host saw that we hadn't been helped. So he brings up a dinner and drink menu. Takes our order for the drink and they come. Now we are just back to sitting around waiting for our server to come by.  I then pull out my cell phone and start the stopwatch on it. 23 MINS later our server comes by. Proceeds to tell us about the menu. At this point my wife and I had 33 mins to decide on what we wanted for dinner. We were ready to order. We place our order and move on. The food finally comes out (another server brings it to us). I had to ask that server for the Fries that come on the house because our server never came back or brought them. I ordered the 16oz NY Strip and my wife ordered the Filet Mignon. My steak was "good" at best, certainly wasnt a USDA Prime Steak. We shared the Potatoe Gratin. That was about the only good thing about this place. I could go on but I was very disapointed in everything at Stripsteak. I'll stick to my local place, Peterson's Steakhouse in Indianapolis.
3	Seafood appetizer platter was pretty good. My NY strip was very tasty and tender. Ordered medium rare but was closer to medium. Beef tartar was good but lackluster. Service was good, noise was a little high. Prices are steep but there are limited choices in Mandalay bay restaurant row. Overall very good but not great. I would give this 4 stars except that the meal was close to $130 pp and I didn't think it was worth that much.
3	Steak= 5 stars (very tasty/tender)Sides = 2 stars (beans overlooked-tasted of mint, Gratin was ok, spinach blah)Apps = 3 stars (oysters were gross, spring rolls ok, lobster app with lettuce good)Overall = 3 stars (service ok, steak great but sides better be good if that's what you say you're specializing in at $14-$16 a side)
2	Came here for a birthday celebration dinner. I've always been a huge fan of Michael Mina restaurants but, this experience was disappointing. The skirt steak was not seasoned properly and the foie gras was way too rich. I also had the ice berg salad, which was $20 I believe, at that price I would pass next time- it was nothing special. On the bright side, the service was great and they do give a parting gift of popcorn. I won't be returning unless I am forced to eat here again.
3	+.5 for serviceOkay, I get it. There just seems to be the "Vegas factor" in many non-buffet restaurants (okay...buffet restaurants too). The food prices just seem to be much more than back home in Canada, even after taxes. I understand the whole phrase "go big or go home", but at the end, is it worth it?Stripsteak is located inside Mandalay Bay, which mind you is probably one of the largest hotels in The Strip...and one of the most poorly accessible from public transit. Good thing I was living in NYNY so I was able to take the tram there. The first thing you would've thought is that with the high prices, the restaurant would've been on the quiet side. Nope! It's about as loud as a Chinese dim sum restaurant on a Saturday afternoon; very loud.We ordered the Japanese A4 wagyu satays, American wagyu vs. Australian wagyu, NY strip, and wagyu rib eye. Yeah I know, a lot of wagyu...I mean, you don't get wagyu in many places in Canada! As for the food quality...the two wagyu comparisons were interesting, but I certainly did not feel the value of $69 for all the wagyu foods, and honestly the $59 NY strip tasted a little better. However, this restaurant is definitely something I would recommend trying once if you're a steak lover, but not twice.Service was great though. The server explained all our foods when we first ordered, and when they were being delivered one by one. We also got complimentary fries and different dipping sauces for each fries. Again, it's a restaurant I was glad I tried since I was able to experience a non-buffet higher end dining style in Vegas, but I wouldn't do it again.
2	Ruth's Chris prices with Sizzler quality.  Service was very slow.  Took an hour for our meals to come out. Halibut was very dry and steak was mostly gristle.  Our server was very nice and apologized for the delays in the kitchen but if I'm spending over $100/person on dinner I expect greater efficiency. A lot of great restaurants in Vegas but this isn't one of them. We won't be back.
2	Overpriced and underwhelmed. Didn't blow me away. I came here while looking for "A MUST eat restaurant in Vegas for around $75-100 pp?"  I can't say I was impressed. The server brought out the French fries cooked in duck fat with the different season/sauce pairings which was a refreshing take on a nibbler before your meal. I loved the sauce with the truffle in it. A bit heavy on the old bay seasoning.Appetizer: ordered the crab spring rolls with sriracha aioli. The shell was crispy and the crab was good, but there was just too much oil. Entree- I ordered the 10oz Angus filet medium rare. Very nice cut, well seasoned. That was the good. Unfortunately it was cooked unevenly and a bit on the overdone side. The color was nice and red on one side but pink and dry on the other. Didn't mention to waiter so can't comment on recovery. For side we had the French horn mushrooms with a mirin reduction. Great flavor but a bit rubbery. Again I think a problem with the preparation. Nice touch boxing up leftovers and putting caramel covered popcorn as a takeaway home. Just felt like there was a bit of price gouging for the quality.
3	Been here 3 times over several years because we often stay at Mandalay Bay so it's convenient when we don't want to leave the resort.  While each time has been decent, unfortunately none of the meals have stood out as memorable.   When I eat something really good, no matter if it costs $5 or $50, I ooh and ah over it.  I've never really had that reaction here.  10 oz filet mignon was $59.  It was cooked on the rare side of medium rare and it's lightly seasoned.  While it came out to the table medium hot, it really didn't stay hot for very long.  I much prefer the hot plates at Mastro's and Ruth's Chris.   Our server was friendly so that's a big plus. We used a $50 restaurant.com certificate which took $50 off of $100.  Dinner for 2 without alcohol was still $150 after tax and tip.   If you like your steak simply prepared and you just won a buttload of money in the casino, this might be your place.
1	I would have loved to give this restaurant a raving review, because it was aesthetically beautiful, and the waiter was friendly. However, I should note that I have celiac disease, and although I have safely ordered and eaten at several restaurants in the casinos, this was not one of them.I normally order by telling the server my restrictions, and asking how the food I choose is prepared. My meal was brought to me by someone other than my waiter. The meat came differently than described to me, and upon asking him what was in it, he told me cornstarch (I can't have corn). When my waiter came by, I asked him as well, and he agreed there was cornstarch. I told him I couldn't eat it, and he did not offer to take it away and replace it. He returned shortly after and said he checked with the chef, and said they were wrong, and there was no cornstarch. I had two bites of it, and decided it didn't seem safe. I ate the vegetables instead. I have spent the rest of my evening in awful pain from reacting to the food. If you are celiac, I don't recommend dining here.
4	Had the Kansas City Strip Steak and tried a few appetizers. All the food here was great. This place is quite pricey. The one complaint I do have is the steak had more fat that I would have expected.
1	I've been here several times and always recommended this steak house to fellow coworkers and clients because I love Michael Mina restaurants. The quality of food and service has dwindled over the years but it was always a top choice when looking for a steakhouse for dinner (if you know what to order). I know people always say this, but I have been in the restaurant and hospitality industry - IN VEGAS for years and appreciate food, but most importantly, hospitality. I am sad that I have to give such a negative review about Stripsteak but here goes...On a recent visit, a couple of friends and I went for a late snack around 9:45pm (they serve til 10:30pm). We decided to sit at the bar and ordered a couple cocktails and requested menus for appetizers. The bartender told us he would have to check to see if the kitchen was still serving food, which is fine. So he went back to the kitchen and we jokingly laughed amongst ourselves about how it's just our luck and that this "sucks for us". Then another bartender quickly came over and told us that they are doing US a favor by checking to see if the kitchen was open to serve food and that they don't have to serve us. Then it just got awkward. We didn't know where this guy came from and why he was talking to us like that. Maybe he thought we were talking about the restaurant and misunderstood? Either way, I would never speak to a guest like that! We kind of paused in shock, thinking he would laugh and say, "Just kidding!". We told him that we were going to spare him the favor and didn't want to be served anymore and just left. I will never be back and I will make sure that my colleagues and guests do the same. Just go to Craftsteak at MGM instead. Amazing food and great service guaranteed to not drive you away!
2	Contrary to representations on the telephone, stripsteak is unapologetically vegetarian unfriendly; not even the Mac and cheese is vegetarian, likewise the soup, to say nothing of the complimentary duck fat fries (I got a cold stare).  I've been to many steakhouses with my meat-eating family, and Stripsteak is the least accommodating of them all.  I had two salads for dinner - really nothing else to order.  However, dessert (beignets) was fabulous.
4	Aside from the gimmicky iPad wine list, this Michael Mina steak restaurant at Mandalay Bay was simply excellent. From the raw oysters to both the Angus and Wagyu steak we had at our table, the dinner was superb. The sommelier did just what I asked: he surprised me with an excellent new wine I hadn't tried. The biggest surprise? Potatoes puree three ways. Almost as good as the steak! Definitely worth the visit.
5	We came here for my bestie birthday!! Omg amazing!!!! My fav steakhouse before this was Rockpool in Melbourne Australia. I had the American  waygu ribeye cap this was super yummy very comparable to the Waygu ribeye I had in Australia. Cook perfectly n melts in your mouth. Our sides were all amazing. Mac n cheese, potato, cream corn, cream spinach. I tasted my friends halibut n that was just super delicious too!!! Great service great food!!!
2	Service = EXCELLENTFood = MEHWine= POOROur server was great!  The food wasn't the best. Wine was horrible.  Don't plan for a romantic wine and steak dinner; the wine was the main problem & didn't go good with our meal at all...
4	Solid steakhouse (coming from a Texan). I've been here a couple of times and have thoroughly enjoyed both meals.Quick hits:1) Best old fashioned ever. If you've never had an old fashioned, this is where you become addicted. If you have had an old fashioned before, this will raise the benchmark. Order the "specialty cocktail" old fashioned ($16?) ...didn't know there was a difference but the waitress brought us some terrible looking ones during our second round.2) Bar/waiting area waitstaff is friendly. Dining room waitstaff is friendly, but extremely slow and unattentive. Like, really slow and unattentive.3) Wagyu Rib Caps: Delicious, tender, chewy, can't stop won't stop.4) 18 oz bone in rib eye: "them bones doe". jk. this is a solid choice and can be shared if you're getting a ton of other food5) Seafood platter: Broken up individually amongst 3 of us: lobster tail, king crab, claw, 3 or so oysters, 1 jumbo shrimp -- think it was around $346) Added foie gras to the steak: It's foie gras, what do you expect?7) foie gras butter: too foie-y and not worth the upcharge8) A5 wagyu - for $34 an ounce with a 3 ounce minimum , i was thoroughly underwhelmed. It was good, but not great. I'd stick with the other steaks listed above9) Kale salad - $17. Quite literally something you could go to the grocery store and reproduce for less than 3 dollars. Nothing special10) Diver scallops: Nicely seasoned and delicious11) Complimentary fries with 3 dipping sauces: All. so. good. Beware: do not fill up on these12) Alcohol/wine menu on an ipad. Cool, I guess...13) Note: If you have a reservation, expect to wait for a little bit (our wait time was 30 minutes) until you get seated!
5	This place is consistently good from the moment they opened! They are a notch above all steak houses! The duck fat fries with 3 dipping sauces, oh my! So amazingly delish. The steak tartar is one of the best I've had. On this night, I had loup de mer but my usual go to is the eye of the rib eye. Scallop and Risotto special was on point. Even with the changes in staffing, their quality and consistency of their products always remains the same...5+ years later. The service was a bit shoty this go around but they are typically much better. It certainly did not ruin our meal but did have to ask each time for more Iced tea.
4	I haven't been here for a while and I forgot how good it was.... I had amazing dinner started with oysters and some bone marrow, the pork duo was amazing! Seared tuna was too! Everything I ordered was delicious
2	This is from a previous trip. I wanted to love Stripsteak, loved Aqua in SF and Bellagio. The famous fries, not particularly good and imho should be hot not warm. I had the bone in ribeye, medium rare. Good but not like Delmonico or Prime, and part of it by the bone was raw, which says to me it wasn't properly cooked. The wife had the pork shank, barely touched it. So I tried it,  it was like cold pot roast with congealed fat on it. I so wanted to send it back but she has a thing about complaining about restaurant food. We shared the onion rings which were thin like string and co ld, like soft French's onions. There was a large party of obnoxiously drunk and loud guys by us, to the point where staff should have told them to shut the hell up.Very disappointed.
5	Stripsteak definatly beings their A game. The Wagu beef " rib cap" is worth the hefty price tag (80$). Like my waitress said...if you like rib eye..this will be the beat steak you ever eat. She was right. We also had the  trio of mashed potatoes ( lobster, sour cream and onion, horseradish) and the horseradish was my fave. Spicy but creamy and delish. Worth every penny.
2	A bit over priced for the portion of steak and food they give you. While the sides were pretty large the steak and lobster were quite puny. I ordered an American Wagyu rib cap that the waitress recommended  it was MP (market price) which was $80 for the steak and the half lobster was $25. The lobster was like getting a large prawn about 3 bites, quite a baby lobster for $25. I didn't not like the potato gratin that the waitress recommended it was a bit too rich in taste for me. Only thing that was great was that you got three different kinds of shoe string fries that were fried in duck fat with 3 different dipping sauces. This was complementary with order of a steak. The steak was good but the size and quality for $80 was not worth it for an 8oz steak.My total bill came to be $180 for one (this includes tip of 20% and tax)  I sat at the bar because I was in shorts and tshirt and flip flops. The service was more like a 15% but I felt generous and gave 20%. I don't know if it was because I was at the bar but for a $150 meal I felt service should be impeccable. I shouldn't have to ask for a receipt for my bill or be asked to be refilled on my ice teas. For god sakes it's a high end steak restaurant.1. American Wagyu rib cap $80 (market price) 2. Potato algratin $143. Ice tea $4.005. Banana fosters egg roll $14 6. Half baby lobster tail $25Not worth $180, maybe for someone who has ton of money and don't care but not for someone who works hard for their money. Only reason I ate there was because mandalay bay casino gave me $200 in resort credit so I figure on last day having $140 left I go out with a bang. i might try again but I think I'll stick with an angus ribeye which  I believe 16oz and only $65. No sides next time since they come with duck fat fries and no lobster which was a size of a shrimp.
3	I wasn't real impressed with Strip Steak.  The service was really good, but the food was mediocre when considering the very high prices.  I ordered the angus 10oz filet.  The flavor was good, but the steak wasn't even warm on the outside when it came to the table.  I assume that it had sat for awhile while the other entrees for our table were cooked.  The Mac and cheese side was awesome however.  I probably wouldn't go back.
4	Excellent food and sides - great table service and decor. I came here twice in the same week during a convention and loved it!
4	We have eaten at Strip Steak three times now.  Without disappointment we can always count on a tasty steak.  The wagyu rib cap and filet are excellent.  The trio of fries are also a nice touch.  On our last visit we had a mixup of my steak but they quickly corrected it and all was good.
5	It's Vegas, so the bar is pretty high.  This place was phenomenal - great service, catered to two dietary allergies/restrictions with grace, and exceptional food and drinks. It was not cheap by any means, but it was worth it. The roasted marrow bones were perfect, everyone loved their steaks and i think we had every potato side they had (all were drool worthy).   Even with all of the choices you have in Vegas I'd gladly go back.
1	Tasted like a frozen dinner. Tiny portions. $100+ per person. Awful. Service was confrontational and rude.
5	Starters -Duck fat fries 3 days w 3 sauces is provided w every meal - sooo good, but save room.App - Shrimp cocktail - Humungous, super fresh.Entree - Went for the prime beef filet (not the waygu) and it was perfectly cooked butter knife tender. Sides -   Truffled mac & cheese - not just another mac & cheese - this is extraordinary.              Creamed Spinach - Sinfully richService - Very good.
2	Got the 'pleasure' of eating here with hotel comps.  If i had to pay for the meal i wouldve been upset.  The quality compared the price.. eh.I ordered the wagyu ribeye.  Lets just say i wasnt impressed with the quality of the meat.  It didn't melt in your mouth.. more like chewing a stale piece of gum.  Also ordered the creamed corn.. sad that a side dish was the only thing that tasted good.$250 bill.. fed 4.  It was comped.. probably shouldve gone to charlie palmer.  Live n learn.Got a cheesecake to go.. ill update after eating it.
1	I agree with Mike G of New Jersey. Great fries and after that awful. We had a large party. Some in our group had their sides come out after they were done with their main entree. The beef was FAR from prime and undercooked. Fish dishes were all cold and when two people sent theirs back it was just reheated. They had traded some food and the plates came back with the same soggy food on it and looked awful! After all that, the manager blamed us!! She said the steak was the way THEY do medium (it was under cooked). Crab cakes soggy. Everything too salty and floating in olive oil. All they did was comp a couple of sides on an $800 bill.Vegas has too many great restaurants to waste your money here.
1	Is this place a joke? Buying dinner here is like buying knock-off's at designer prices. I've heard rave reviews of Michael Mina so frankly I am shocked at the blatant ineptness of this kitchen. It was embarrassing to be shelling out so much money for how consistently shitty each entree was. When we walked in, the hostess hesitated to put our names on the waiting list and recommended we go to Fleur instead. She said it is superb. We should've paid attention to her subtle warning. So they give you complimentary fries as an appetizer. They were cold. How do you mess up french fries?! We started with a ceasar salad. It was bland and the anchovies had zero flavor. They tasted like they'd been thawed or soaked in water. They were certainly not fresh. Anchovies are supposed to be salty. The saltiness is essential to create the best flavor in the salad. At times I felt like running back into the kitchen and helping these chumps. I ordered the $40.00 salmon...I call it "the $40.00 salmon" because the only thing that stood out about it was it's price. I had to send it back. It was chalk dry and overcooked. It was disgusting. My boyfriend said I make way better salmon at home. We went to Norm's the following day, even Norm's makes better salmon. Like way better. Then they made me a new one and it was rare. I knew they simply don't know how to cook, no matter how many times I send it back, it's still going to suck and I like sashimi so I ate it. My boyfriend's steak was, "alright," (his words, verbatim). Our bill came out to $153.00.  We left the waitress, who spent most of the night gossiping with the other waitresses, 15%. Save your money. This restaurant blows.
4	First time visit for our 10th anniversary.  SS was recommended by a friend so we gave it shot. Started with the fries and pork belly which was really tasty. We really loved the fries with dips. He has the regular filet and I had wagyu filet medium rare. Sides we chose were the potato trio and the mac n cheese. I had 2 drinks. First cucumber martini was weak but the old fashioned was way better.  They were kind and brought out a delicious ice cream to share for free. They also gave us a card that they all signed for the special occasion.  Overall it was a wonderful meal. We enjoyed it!
5	One of the best steakhouses in Vegas. They start the meal with complimentary fries made in duck fat with three dipping sauces, a nice change from the bread course. We then had Instant bacon and a dozen oysters. The bacon was great.  Bacon is a hot dish right now at steakhouses and there's was among the best if not the best. Oysters were good but I hate when there is any she'll and every oyster had a little bit of shell. The steak shined. I had the Wagyu rib cap and it was incredible. I had it once at Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse, which was excellent but this was transcendent. I almost did not order because at Mina's SF steak house, Bourbon, it was VERY mediocre. Again, one of the best pieces of meat I have ever had.Sides were great. Everyone, myself included loved the Russell sprouts but I personally enjoyed the truffle Mac cheese the most. It had a full truffle flavor that stood up to the whole meal.Normally, I avoid the desserts but because everything was so good and they did not disappoint. The cheese cake had a lime filling that was incredible and the tartness worked very well. We tried a couple other desserts, which were also perfect, but I forgot exactly which ones. Overall, a fantastic evening.
2	Our party of five ordered 3 New York steaks and 2 bone-in ribeyes.4 out of the 5 steaks we thought were not hot enough.  Part of the issue is they don't use hot plates.  My ribeye was well-seasoned (I think) but it's hard to tell when it is just warm and not hot.  It's hard to eat a fatty medium rare piece of meat when it is closer to room temperature.  Cold fat is not good.Duck fat fries were pretty good.Service was just average.  Nothing bad.  But didn't go out of the way to provide exceptional service.Sides that were good:  broccolini, potato gratinSides were just okay:  brussels sprouts, bone marrow (not enough bone marrow)I'm not sure I'd come back until they fix the issue with the temperature of the steaks.We thought that's how they serve it at Stripsteak because it looked like other patrons' steaks looked the same (not piping hot).If they fixed the temperature issue, solid 4 stars.
2	Disappointing. I expected more from this place, especially considering all the raving reviews and the fact that Michael Mina owns this place. The complimentary fries were pretty good. Basically, the fries were provided in three stainless steel cups, with each cup filled with different flavored fries: parmesan, truffle, and duck fat. I also tried the West/East coast oysters. Those were too fishy for me...maybe the flights that shipped those oysters were delayed. My party ordered a few appetizers of which was the bone marrow. The marrow was topped with an overwhelming amount of onions. The richness of the marrow disappeared, as a result. Now onto the main event. I had the NY Strip cooked medium rare. It was cooked perfectly, but served warm. Tasted similar to meat cooked an hour ago which sat under a warming lamp; similar to a buffet. Don't get me wrong, the meat tasted dry aged, but the temperature of the meat threw me off. Service was generally okay, except when my party asked for another set of complimentary fries, we got rejected and was told..$6 please. I expected more from a place that sells $50-75 steaks. I really wanted to like this place because of the brand and reputation, but unfortunately...I've experienced better.
5	Amazing!! Pricey but totally worth it!! Everything we ate was delicious! This place is a must splurge meal when in Vegas! We shared the Lobster Fritters with Meyer lemon creme fraiche...I wanted to spoon out the creme fraiche but we (my husband and I) were sharing with another couple. The filet I had was the best steak I have ever eaten. It sliced like butter. We shared the potatoes au gratin and the Mac and cheese (plenty to share with four people). I ordered the cheese cake with lemon (OMG...a must...it was heaven in your mouth) and my husband had the beignets! Also amazing!! Fantastic Cosmo's as well. One of the best I have ever had. Next visit to Vegas...we will be back! Thomas our waiter was wonderful!
5	Wow. As good as meat gets.
5	My husband and I decided to have our second wedding anniversary dinner here at Stripsteak. We were not disappointed at all. Cozy ambiance, courteous service, and great food. We ordered cocktails and appetizers. Everything was delicious! The steak and lobster tail I ordered were cooked perfectly. I'm an avid fan of steak, and this is one of the best steaks I've tasted. I loved the Bloody Mary they served, too. Plus, they even decorated our dessert plate with a "Happy Anniversary!" greeting. Verklempt! They made the evening special. I would definitely go back here when we're in Vegas.
5	One of my favorite steak houses on the Las Vegas strip.Try the foie gras sliders. The oysters are delish and the steaks are aged to perfection.Don't skip out on dessert either. Stripsteak is great from start to finish.
4	Great restaurant. I think something frequently overlooked in restaurants is the level of comfort offered by the chairs. After days of walking around Vegas and taking in everything it has to offer, I was a big fan of the chairs in the dining room - soft, and arched perfectly for dining comfort. We were big fans of the amuse-bouche that started dinner, fuji apple salad was unique and tasty, steak was perfectly prepared, and sides were quite good - although I must say the au gratins were a little hard to get out of the serving dish based on the way they were prepared. Regardless, the sides were excellent additions to the meal. Service was prompt, waiter had great knowledge of the menu, and though a noisy restaurant, it was not difficult to hear my fellow diners. Looking forward to going back.
4	Great place for dinner. The steaks and seafood are first class and worth the price. Try everything on the menu.
1	Truly one of the worst dinning experiences of my life .service was awful Wedge salad was bland and boring ,not flavorful at all . The potatoes were out of a pan like sheet cake . We did not eat them . The steak was a cheap cut , cooked to temp but not flavorful . The fish dish was clearly misrepresented . Not at all as described . Of all the good food on the strip to be had GO Else where .Rip off
5	Great experience and service. Food was unique and tasty. I will return on next visit to the Bay.
2	Tsk tsk tsk. It's sad how the steaks here was a big disappointment.  I made a reservation for a party of 15 for a birthday dinner and we arrived 15 prior to the reservation.  Waited 30 minutes after the reserved time then waited 20 minutes to order plus another hour for waiting for our entrees. Spent $110 on porterhouse and it was dry, overcooked & flavorless.  Some steaks were missing standard baby carrots and bulb onions on the plate.  The steak- the $110 porterhouse was lukewarm and felt like it's been sitting under the warmer.The service was another story. My friends felt like he wasn't friendly or attentive enough considering we do expect steakhouse service.  However, I did feel like he was friendly inside but just not with a smile on his face. It felt like he didn't want to serve us.  When I mentioned to him about my disappointing porterhouse, he did comp my dessert which was a nice touch but still couldn't make it for the whole experience.   Sad but yeah, stick with BLT or joes stone crab you'll be much more satisfied when you walk out that door.
2	My husband usually try to have 1 to 2 nice dinners every time we come to Vegas and I will NEVER come back here. I was extremely disappointed. The service was horrible, our waiter kept disappearing and it took over 30 minutes just to order a appetizer. The waiter knew we were upset and had the chef send us over some free fries. It took forever for our food and sadly I was not impressed. The service sucked, and the waiter was so rude. This place is way over priced and I have no idea why this place would get 4 stars.
4	Stopped in at Strip Steak for a quick dinner and I'm glad I did!Service was excellent - our waitress was extremelyattentive and helpful.Food was very good - pretty standard steakhouse fare in Vegas. Got the kale salad which was very tasty but a little bit too much dressing and the fois gras dumplings which were good but extremely rich - I could only eat two of the tiny dumplings.Had a filet king crab Oscar style with broccolini - and it was awesome! The steak was like butter and the garlic broccolini was delicious and cooked perfectly.Prices are a little high for what the food is, and the atmosphere is a little loud and somewhat "sports bar" - but it's Vegas so any steak dinner worth eating on the strip is going to set you back a few dollars.
4	Great cooking and service, and nice win selection. I had a blue steak and it was done perfectly! Nice work!!!So loud though that I could barely hear the people across the table from me!
5	Food was excellent! Service was very wonderful! Our group had a very pleasurable experience and we spent several hours dining and drinking here. Pricey, but probably worth it. The ambiance was very appealing. Scallops=excellent! Oysters=tasty! glazed mushrooms=can't go wrong.steak=of course.
5	Their service here is always top notch. Very nice and attentive but also considerate. The food is cooked to perfection, particularly their meat. I've only ever had amazing cuts of steak here. There is a special procedure they use to cook it that they are very willing to explain. They are gluten-free friendly and knowledgable, they make everything from scratch so if an item does include a glutenous ingredient they can make it without it. My favorite part about this place is the complimentary duck fat fries in lieu of bread. You get three different kinds with three different sauces, and they are amazing! I like the atmosphere and it was quiet enough to have a conversation (when you are not eating the delicious foods of course!). Timing of service is great and they are accommodating if you have somewhere to be by a certain time (a show, etc). This restaurant is at the top of my must-go list when visiting Las Vegas!
2	Disaster... My wife and I order the 30oz. porterhouse. The waiter told us it was very large and will be more than enough for two. I requested medium, but after it arrived, they had cooked it completely to a well done. The seasoning was not good, and overall it didn't taste like a steak priced at around $100. As for the size, half of it was bone, so we really got maybe 5-7 oz each. Left there hungry... Will not recommend.
2	If the complimentary duck fat fries are the thing everyone raves about... ask yourself the age old question "is that all there is?"  The answer is probably,  yes! The orders came wrong and stayed wrong,  both orders, both times they came to the table.  The worst part is this is a steak house where none of the menu items are cheap.  The expectation is that the kitchen of an establishment like this should get it right the first time and would  be able to re-fire a steak correctly the second time; no such luck.  Now to the management reply... it took forever to get the manager to the table and when she did arrive there was little to no remorse about the cooking errors, and I mean NOTHING. A lopsided apology at best.I guess the restaurant feels that with such a transient clientele as a Las Vegas resort has they do not need to extend themselves to diners to make a bad experience right or the food right because most people don't return visit for approximately a year and most are too lazy to write reviews.  BTW, I am writing this in December and my experience was in June;  I got busy, but I didn't forget!Think twice about a reservation... there are sooooo many wonderful steakhouses in Las Vegas,  even if you have to get in a cab.
5	This was a pretty amazing experience. First, they bring you complimentary french fries with 3 different seasonings and 3 different sauces to dip in. Did you hear that? FREE FRENCH FRIES! For someone who loves french fries, that means the world to me lol. I would have been happy with just that, but I was here to eat steak :)We ordered a couple of small plates to start, including the instant bacon (which looks nothing like bacon and a lot like pork belly with a fried oyster on top), bacon-wrapped lobster fritters (freaking amazing), wagyu filet tartare, and froie gras dumplings. They were quite small so yes, there was still room for steak and desserts :) We split the bone-in rib eye, medium rare. It didn't need any sauce but we ordered the trio of sauces to try. It was tender and juicy and wonderful! The couple we were dining with didn't have room for dessert since they had to finish their wine (and ours) so we split the maple custard. When it first comes out it looks like it will hurt you but it's actually quite nice. I would say it was a more relaxed steakhouse experience than the typical steakhouse in Vegas or NY. And it was so delicious!
5	As if a 30 oz porterhouse steak is not enough. Top that with truffle mac and cheese and duck fat fries. We inhaled two of these fries before our food even arrived. If you're in town, STRIPSTEAK!
5	I went here a few days before Christmas based on yelp recommendations after getting in on a red eye flight from SFO. We were not at all disappointed.I had the veggie skillet with a side of their signature wild berry pancakes. My hasband got the garden omelet with the whole wheat fig and walnut pancakes. We were both really happy with our egg dishes, not greasy and flavorful rich veggies. The pancakes were great too. I have to say I actually liked my wife's better, the whole wheat and clean flavors of walnut and figs kind of stood on their own. I liked my STRIPSTEAK pancake too but it was a bit too sweet for me; those of you who have a real sweet tooth might prefer it but I think the walnut and fig offering is probably one of those overlooked gems.
5	The duck fat fried French fries come out to start and you know you're in a good place. We tried a few things off the main menu but the Rib cap is seriously the best thing I've ever had.
4	We visited on a busy night, so I'll weight the somewhat inattentive service as less of a factor than I normally would.  Our server had a large table and a couple other small ones in addition to us, so taking as long as she did to get our orders is forgiveable.  She was friendly and responsive when we did see her, so I'm sure it was just a tough night.The hostesses were less pleasant, mumbling responses and then practically ignoring us.  If we hadn't had reservations for dinner and tickets to a show right after, I would have gone somewhere else right then.Now let's get to the great part - the food!  We both had steaks, one a filet and the other a ribeye, both of which were expertly cooked to order.  He added shrimp and I crab legs, neither of which was as large as I'm used to, being from the coast.  But it's understandable this far inland, and both were cooked and seasoned well.We each ordered a side, mushrooms and broccolini, and let me tell you, each was large enough to serve two people.  I was definitely impressed with those portion sizes.Cocktails were nothing special, tho the Scottish stout beer my other half enjoyed was the best he's had.  The dessert menu looked nice, but nothing really jumped out at us.Overall, it was a nice experience.  Perhaps I'm too "small-town" to enjoy the full Vegas Strip experience, but this was a good meal and a great precursor to a FABULOUS Cirque show.  I would recommend this restaurant to others heading to Vegas.
2	I'd like to say that the food was delicious except that our party of ten came to happy hour based on their website featuring a happy hour food menu. But when we got there after ordering drinks we were told that there was no happy hour menu, and that they were very sorry but the website is outdated.  The manager mentioned that they would be updating the website, after 2 years, to correct that they had happy hour specials... Meanwhile, our entire (now very hungry) party had to  to finish our drinks and find  a different restaurant .   Really,  the proper,  or classy move by the manager would have been to offer us the advertised happy hour menu and prices to make up for the mistake. So anyway I cannot comment on the food, but the one beer that I had was quite nice. So, there's that.
5	Foie Gras over filet mignon was seriously the business!!!! Maybe I'm just an overly foie gras-deprived Californian foodie, but the moment I had a bite of this, my eyes rolled back (in a good way). Both were melt in your mouth type of goodie.....
2	Honestly, a $60 rib eye should knock my socks off and be absolutely memorable. This wasn't....just good, not great.   Would have been a little disappointed at half the cost.  Service was great, some really nice elements, but if I'm dropping $350 on dinner there shouldn't be any question marks.  Would try a different steakhouse next trip.
2	Went here for NYE dinner and the food was excellent, but the service was not up to par. There are many places in Las Vegas that offer excellent food and service. This isn't one of them, and I was so disappointed, because I had high expectations based on the experience I had at Michael Mina SF !ServiceThe restaurant wasn't busy when we arrived at 5:30 pm. After we were seated and initially greeted by server#1, who stated that she would be serving us, things went downhill quickly. Ten minutes later, another server#2 approached us and asked if we had questions about the menu. After that, another server#3 dropped off fries. I never saw server#1 again. Another ten minutes waiting to order, I had to get up and go to the bar to request a server for our table. A different server promptly came over to take our order. I asked her if she was now our server, and she responded "no", but she would take our order. I lost it at that point and demanded to know who our server is. She was very nice and offered to be our server and she promptly informed the manager about our experience. From that point on, service was 100% better, but I had to ask for it. The manager was very apologetic about our experience and adjusted our bill accordingly. Will I go back? Probably not. Again, there are many steakhouses in Las Vegas that offer excellent food AND service. For a $500 restaurant bill, I expected a lot more.
3	This is a hard one. Great service! I give 5 stars, as for food, it was just ok. I'd think a place with the name stripsteak would have spectacular steak and mediocre seafood. We got the seafood platter and that was delish! As for our prime steak, I thought wether we went that route or waygu, what's the difference at a steak house?? We should have gone waygu. Their 18 oz bone in prime rib was ok cooked. Lacks flavor. I've rarely been disappointed at a steak house. I guess next time we won't come in 30 minutes before closing. I'm glad we weren't the last table. Upside, a waiter brought us fries compliments of the chef., fries were great but I'd rather have saves the flavor for my flavorless steak.
