5	My experience with this bakery was pretty unique. I was married on May 31st at the Venetian and I wanted to surprise my husband-to-be with a wedding cake. We both had previously decided it was an unnecessary expense. I called around to a variety of bakeries in Vegas and for one reason or another none of them could do what I needed. I needed a World of Warcraft 2-3 tier red velvet wedding cake in less than a week. Freed's  came through for me!  I emailed them graphics to work with, and they created my wedding masterpiece decorated with screenshots from the game. They even morphed our faces into our characters as toppers for the cake. The cake looked great,  tasted fantastic and was everything I wanted it to be. I was even more impressed with the customer service  and constant communication provided by Freed's. We spoke on the phone and emailed up until the big day. THEY EVEN DELIVERED!  I could not have been happier. My contact's name was Curt. I highly recommend Freed's Bakery.
4	The apricot-raisin-nut rugelach taste like something my (goyishe) grandmother would have made.  They are really, really good.  I wasn't so thrilled with the poppy seed strudel, because it tasted too much of marzipan.  The cake slices look gorgeous, but I have yet to try one.  I'll have to go back and sit down and have a cup of coffee and a slice sometime.
4	I finally had a slice of one of their layer cakes--a white cake with rum and raspberries.  It was too sweet, not rummy enough and not tart enough for my tastes, but very much to most people's tastes.  I'm giving it 4 stars because all of my friends would have rolled their eyes and sighed contentedly after tasting it.  And it's still way, way, way better than most places.
1	I went in looking for a birthday cake and was greeted by a friendly helper. She was very nice, and went out of her way to get the cake exactly how I wanted it. They also had lots of cookies, cakes and such that looked awesome. I was offered a sample and politely declined, then thought to myself - "Why did you do that". As luck would have it, I spotted a sample plate at the next counter and just helped myself. Apparently, Wayne Newton is a big fan of this location and I had just missed him.Update: I took a friend back here a few days later to show him the wonderful treats available. We were treated like garbage. The lady helping us was rude and annoyed with our questions. I will never return!
3	I only buy two things here: the wedding cake by the slice (if I get a craving) and their cream puffs. Love those items and I'm sticking with it. Over there years I've patronized Freed's and I can taste a difference. It's not bad, but I guess...I feel that it used to be better. Still worth a look, worth a try!
4	The cheesecake with strawberries is pretty darned good.  It's heavy, rich and it made a great breakfast choice.  Hey, my birthday is this week and I decided to eat cheesecake for breakfast.
3	Update:  The owner called me and explained why they don't have bread anymore, which makes sense for them.  They want to concentrate on what sells.  So, I understand their point and will now revise my comments.We ordered a cake for a baby shower, but just the regular type, no special request and it was priced accordingly.  Talk about beautiful and delicious, everyone was raving about the taste.  My husband loved it so much he insisted we get him a cake from Freed's for his birthday.  It, too, was delicious.  We were very pleased.  Freed's is definitely the place to go for cake, and as long as you don't want it "custom" the price is worth it - $31.99 for quarter sheet.Freed's USED TO BE wonderful, now, it's on the way out!  Why do I make this claim, the writing is on the wall.  They used to be a full line bakery, with bread, rye and Challah, now they have eliminated breads and pastry selection is limited.  Their delicious Hammantachen are now less than before, they just don't taste the same (could they be cutting back on prime ingredients?)  Cookies are $14.00 a pound and nothing special.  They have become overpriced and mediocre, a sure way to ruin an outstanding reputation and business.  It feels like the original owners are gone, you just get the impression that something is definitely different and not right.  I won't be back.
2	They have some beautiful creations but, as far as the things I actually tasted, none of it was very delicious.  Tried a slice of chocolate cake and several cookies.  Ended up throwing most of it away because the flavor was not worth the calorie intake.  I'm a little surprised at the glowing reviews.  The cookies all seem like "classics", so I'm thinking this place might have fans among the senior set.
4	Ok.. So I am a sucker for chocolates.. I love going to Freed's Bakery because they have quite the variety of desserts to choose from. They are a little high on the prices, but they are worth it. Grandma and Grandpa took us to Freed's one day, and we were hooked ever since. Last year, I got a Football cake for Lil Man's birthday. It was vanilla with cream feeling. We definitely enjoyed it. For Grandpa's birthday, I bought a Strawberry Shortcake... Fabulous.
3	The chocolate cake is really good - the cake is rich and the buttercream is yummy!!!I do not care for their white cake though, it's so crumbly. I hate cake that falls apart, this one does...Their cupcakes are pretty standard, I think the marble one tastes the best.Their lemon cake is not that great either-the lemon flavor is just not there.Cookies are too hard (I'm soft cookie type of gal) except for the black & white cookie it's soft as it should be.I honestly think that there are other better all around bakeries but I do come here every so often, my Mother only buys cakes from Freed's so she's for sure a  fan...
5	I make sure to stop by Freed's any time I find myself in Vegas. This new location was so nice- a real upgrade from the first (although I prefer the Eastside location because it feels smaller and more "local"). This location feels more down to business and professional, which isn't a bad thing at all. The spinning cake display visible at both locations seems to lull you into a "get everything you see because it's allllll good" hype, but I'm loyal to my brown derby- whipped topping, perfectly fluffly chocolate cake, strawberries, and bavarian cream. This most recent brown derby was as heavenly as the first. Just for some reference, my boyfriend is a pie man. He's so much a pie man that he suggested the world switch to birthday pie and that we have a wedding pie. He had a slice of brown derby a few years ago... and asked for a second slice. He even shares my enthusiasm to go back to Freed's whenever we can. THAT'S how good it is. I was fortunate this time to have purchased a groupon, which discounted the usually $26 cake to $18, which allowed me to buy a slice of wedding cake (brown derby with bavarian cream filling and white cake) and expand my horizons a bit. I would strongly suggest following Freed's on Facebook as they often have amazing deals and specials (i.e. $1 cupcakes for an hour, free cookies for the first 100 people, etc). Seeing their posts makes me sad that I'm nowhere near... but when I'm back in town, I'm there!
5	I drove to the opposite side of town to get this Birthday Cake for my brother, since I remembered he loved Strawberry Shortcake and after all... birthdays are only once a year and a cake to make your wish has always been very special to me. So why not find the best tasting cake?!?!? I searched on Yelp for a few days in finding that particular cake... I was debating on two bakery places... was going to check out both before choosing but chose this one after walking in and observing everything they had.I ordered their famous Strawberry Shortcake on the spot. The lady that worked there told me this particular cake is ran out first everyday and is the most popular among guests. I asked if there's any fillings and she told me only strawberries and whipped cream. Simple and sweet.. I like it. I also liked the fact that the written happy bday part is on a thin see-through plastic film, so you can easily take it off and not taste the icky artificial color gel. The cake itself was tall for an average cake size. The cake texture was soft and moist... almost like an angel's cake or pound cake feel. The filling was strawberries and whipped cream... even though it was only that.. it was such a delicious, addicting Strawberry Shortcake. The frosting itself tasted like pure milk and could easily be mistaken for vanilla ice cream. Never before did I like any frosting or finish all of it, but this one I was looking for every bit of frosting to devour. Yes it was that extreme....So extreme... My Father doesnt like sweets, but after the first bite he was hooked. Comment that this cake is really.... Really delicious... so much so... the very next day... he literally woke up in the middle of the night.. opened the fridge to attempt in finishing almost half the cake left. To such disappointment that my Father had to leave the last piece for the bday boy. He still looked in the fridge, in hopes that ... that very last piece was still there.. Nope.. all gone! And the look on my Father's face at that moment said it all.... A very well-made delicious cake, but dangerous since all of us had cravings for more, after it was all gone. Worth the drive and the cost for a very memorable Birthday Cake.No wonder they've been around, serving Las Vegas for over 50 years.
4	Freed's is one of our guilty pleasures whenever we find ourselves in the Henderson area. Our favorites are the Parisian chocolate mousse and black forest cakes ($4.25 per slice). The cake layers are moist and soft while the buttercream is light and yummy.They are well known for designing custom wedding cakes, even ones that strike a remarkable resemblance to a Coach purse with "jewels" and all. They also have a selection of naughty erotic cakes for bachelor and bachelorette parties that you can view online. The bachelorette cakes are decidedly more racy, and let's just say, anatomically and physiologically correct, ahem. Eating cake has never been more fun, no doubt.
3	It's hard for me to be indifferent about any bakery.  After all, I live my life according to the motto: "Life is uncertain, eat desserts first."I live fairly close to Freed's, and I love to visit that strip mall center.  All my other favorites are there: Grimaldi's, Nielsen's, Cafe Rio.  So I'm already in a pretty good mood whenever I visit Freed's.  It's a nice diverse bakery.  I like that they always have a variety of choices available in the window, from bread pudding to tiramisu, even rugalash.  I especially appreciate variety in desserts, when I'm often confronted with the inability to decide, and a jane-of-all-trades bakery like Freed's gives you this...But this comes at a price, one of mediocrity.  All of Freed's concoctions are pretty good, not great, frequently too sweet, and almost all too forgettable.  So if you're in the area, and wanting something sweet, not sure what, and feeling not too picky; then stop by Freed's.  Most likely they'll have something for you, a little sugar one-night-stand, worthwhile enough before you move onto the next dessert relationship.
2	I had a coupon for a dozen free cookies at freed's I used today. I love me the bakery's and was excited to try some cookies from this one. Especially since the sign on the front of the store read "voted best of vegas." I went in and was ignored for a few minutes. not even a "hello, we will be right with you." until about 3 to 5 minutes in. (and there were girls all around that looked at me. minus a star. All the cakes looked well decorated and really fun, but i was there for the cookies. Not too many flavors to choose from and judging from the appearance I could have whipped up a better batch in my kitchen. (but why judge by looks. I'm not shallow.) Now after quickly picking out my 12 little cookies I left and got in the car anxious to try one. I went for the green one. Mint buttercream between two mint chocolate chip cookies. I was hoping for a cookie to die for. something that would melt in my mouth. that sadly was not the case here. It was pretty sugary and boring for my liking.I'm sorry freed's but you did not win my vote for best bakery. Maybe I'll give your cakes a chance sometime and that can change my mind, but as for the cookies, well those did not win my little sweet tooth heart over.
5	I heard about Freed's bakery in a Wedding magazine and was excited to see that there was a location in Las Vegas.  Getting married in Vegas I wanted a wedding cake that was unique and something that our guests would talk about after the wedding forever  Freed's bakery had so many choices for Vegas Style wedding cakes.  We went with one tht had the King and Queen cards on the top and all Vegas themed with three tiers.  Each tier we had a different flavor cake.  The cake was very good.  They even delivered the cake to the hotel for us as well.  We just loved it as well as our friends.  We are going to be calling them again soon to help us decorate a Olivia the Pig cake.  I love that the staff will sit down with you to help create the perfect cake for your event.  Top knotch!   You can NOT go wrong with Freed's Bakery.
5	On Saturday I picked up the Olivia the Pig birthday cake for my daughter's birthday.  It was red velvet cake and it was yummy.  Sitting down the prior week with my daughter and the designer I was impressed at the detail on the cake and the special touches the designer added to make it extra special for her day.  The cake is a bit expensive but you are paying for quality in the design and the taste of the cake, plus it was her 5th birthday.  I just love Freed's Bakery!
5	I was on Vacation  in Vegas for a birthday and I didnt feel like spending money on overpriced desserts from The Venetian,  so instead I went here. I was told about this place by my sister who visited it before. The store is small, almost hidden and located in an old shopping center so at first I was like WTH, but once I got inside and smelled the wonderful scents of baked goods I thought wow this is one of those low key bakery's that knows it stuff, and it does.I ended up ordering a few red velvet and chocolate ganache's cupcakes along with several different types of cookies for the ride home. But we ended up eating a chocolate mousse slice in the bakery.  Everything was just delicious. You will not go wrong buying anything hear. Prices are reasonable and all the item's they sell are DELICIOUS.I am not from Vegas but apparently they are moving to a new location so check there site for the new location.
4	This place doesn't suck.I've had Freed's on two occasions. The first time was back in August when someone brought some slices to a birthday dinner at Paymon's. I liked the idea so much that I used my Groupon last night to bring four slices to my cousin's birthday dinner at CPK.I went with Chocolate w/ Strawberry, Red Velvet, Chocolate w/ Chocolate Mousse, and a Napoleon. It seemed like the consensus favorite was the Red Velvet. Personally, I liked them all. I am usually unimpressed by cake, so it says something if you can get me to enjoy your creation.I never did visit Freed's at their previous two locations, but their new consolidated store is pretty nice. It has an open feel and allows them to showcase their cakes well. Contrary to other reviews, the service I received was very friendly and attentive.It's good to see a local business thrive for 50+ years in Vegas. With the following they seem to have, I'm sure they'll be around for at least 50 more.
1	Tough to review the bakery's products considering I walked out after waiting at the counter (without being greeted) for ten minutes!  I had an eerily similar experience as another reviewer- I walked in, was looked at, but never spoken to.  It was uncomfortable to say the least considering 3 employees were available and approximately 5 customers total were in the main area.  Since this was my very first time visiting this bakery, I was looking forward to the experience.  Unfortunately, freed's business model is to ignore potential new customers with cash in hand, itching to buy treats!  I should mention that another exasperated customer behind me in line jumped ship 5 minutes before I did- and even her huffing and puffing on the way out the door did not scare the employees into action.  A simple "hello, can you give us a minute?" would have gone a long way.  I am patient but really didn't enjoy being ignored.I cannot speak to the desserts, but looks were not encouraging.  Chocolate eclairs were covered in pale chocolate and cookies reminded me of bulk-purchased red and green Christmas cookies with sprinkles.I will not return.  Shame because I never tasted the food but was turned away by abhorrent customer service.  Freed's has a brand new location but apparently no desire to bring in customers.
4	Freed's has shut down it's two other stores and has moved to the Target shopping center on Silverado Ranch and Eastern. Loyalty is earned from years of consistency and mine was wavering. For a while I was starting to wean from this bake shop because the second location did not taste as good as the original. A recent trip to this new shop has vanquished all my past doubts about their decline and has brought back a new faith in them. Katrina M. has a picture of me eating a piece of strawberry shortcake on the sidewalk outside of Freed's without a fork or my dignity. It did not take long before I stole a bite of my companions fruit tart as well. When you enter the new shop, the large building that use to be BBQ Galore, you will be greeted by an overwhelming amount of space. If it is possible, this large building makes the display cases look minute. Once you start looking around, you will see that this new location is not missing very much in terms of baked goods despite the initial impression. I did hear customers ask about when Freed's will start to make bread again. I never bought bread from them, always opting to go to Great Buns Bakery instead. Freed's specialty lies in their cakes, and that is why most of my friends and I swore by them when birthdays came around. Nothing says you care about someone as much as a Freed's cake. You can not go wrong with the strawberry shortcake, two layers of soft moist white cake with a layer of butter cream and fresh strawberries in the middle, and some sliced almonds on the outside. The black forest cake is also amazing. The balance of chocolate, cherry filling, butter cream, and chocolate shavings is superb. I have had so many different cakes, but I still remember a custom cake I ordered for my best friend. It was a chocolate cake with Bailey's butter cream. I would suggest that if you have some time, look into custom making a cake, because you will not be disappointed. I would continue to write about each individual item that I love, but the review would go on for too long. Eclaires, black and white cookies, and fruit tarts are all delicious.
4	Freeds, freeds, freeds,......what to do about the customer service and well the cookies while were at it.  Like other reviewers the customer service wasn't the greatest but I'm usually one to give a pass especially if its kind of busy but dont have people pull a number, wait to it to be called and then start calling out who's next.....WHAT?  Now I usually don't let stuff like this irritate me but I was waiting for a while and then she was like "oh yeah I forgot about that".....SMH @u.As far as the cookies go it just amazes me how bad these things can be because the cakes r BOMB.  Now I love this place as a whole especially since they use to give us free samples of their cookies @ my job so I'm not hating to much but I just feel like they should have more flavor to them or something, and it's not just me the others felt the same way so, lets get this thing figured out cause I love cookies people.Again Freeds is a great place for cakes and other pastries besides cookies (IMO), and the new location is so much easier and less dangerous to get to than the other location.  So hit em up and decide for yourself. I'm done.....
4	My wedding cake was made by Freed's. It was three tiers, two tiers were red velvet and the third almond cake with almond mousse. The red velvet was not impressive at all. I thought it was really dry but the hubby insisted on that flavor and since he really didn't ask for a lot during wedding planning, I thought it was fair. The almond cake was HEAVEN. Words can not describe my love for this cake. The texture was soft and airy, perfect level of sweetness. I will definitely be ordering this cake again.
4	Best macaroons I've ever had. The rugelah was outatanding too, though the real treats here are the variety and quality of cakes. A shining star in a town where excelleny bakeries are near non-existent, Freeds is a solid and consistent choice for your baking needs. The Challah is wonderful too!
2	Tried just about everything during Christmas.  I thought it was overpriced for BLAND baked goods. No reason to come back.
3	Freed's Bakery is a staple in Las Vegas and has been featured on a few Food Network shows as the must go cake shop in town. Knowing this, I was excited to try Freed's Bakery for the first time at their new location across from Fazoli's in the Target Shopping area. Upon walking in, I was immediately drawn to the display of cookies. Rows and rows of cookies in all different shapes, sizes & flavors, I don't know how anyone can go to Freed's Bakery and not want to try at least one cookie, unless, perhaps, the slices of cakes and other desserts on display call out to their dessert desires more loudly. Luckily, I bought a bit of everything. After debating between the Tiramisu and a slice of Strawberry Cake ($4.75), I ended up choosing the latter. I also got a Walnut Brownie (around $2). Then, I went back to the cookie display, and selected a dozen cookies from butter cookies, nutty bar cookies, florentines, Linzer cookies, chocolate dipped cookies reminiscent of Pepperidge Milanos, etc. I couldn't wait to taste all the goodies I bought. Sadly, my taste buds were disappointed when I tried the Strawberry Cake- layers of white cake with buttercream frosting and slices of strawberries in between. The cake was kind of dry, and the frosting was not what I was expecting. I expected a light frosting like whipped cream, but the frosting, in actuality, was sweet and heavy. Strawberry cakes are supposed to be delicate, and while Freed's strawberry cake looked delicate and light, the flavor wasn't and was a letdown. My taste buds also did not enjoy the Walnut Brownie. It was more cake than brownie, and the frosting on top was too sweet. If the brownie was fudgy and moist, no frosting would have been necessary. In essence, the brownie reminded me of the brownies I've had at some buffets, and that's not a good thing.To my delight, however, I enjoyed the cookies. My favorite cookie was the Milano-esque cookie and I also liked the Linzer cookies (cookie sandwiches filled w/ jam and dusted w/ powdered sugar). Some cookies like the bar cookies were too sugary, but others were just heavenly. I want overpriced desserts to blow me away, unfortunately, Freed's desserts didn't. If someone offered me desserts from Freed's, I wouldn't deny their offer, but Freed's isn't my first choice for desserts.
1	I had heard of this place on the Food Network. I was looking forward to getting a piece of wedding cake (my husband and I got married the day before we went to the bakery). I was silly looking forward to the cake. What a disappointment. The bakery was sterile, no warmth. The staff was indifferent. Still, I excitedly asked where the wedding cake slices were, what were the choices, where, oh where. The young girl looked at me like I was what? Not important? It was definitely not customer service friendly. Jeeez....get a good review on the Food Network and you look down your nose at your customers? This attitude must come from the top. You all know poop runs down hill. Speaking of poop....there was ONE choice for "wedding cake". White cake with white buttercream with strawberries. Well, I don't like the of strawberries on my cake. It had a distinct refrigerator taste to it. It was not fresh from that day. We also got a slice of the red velvet cake, wow, my best friend makes a better red velvet cake and frosting. What a disappointment! We drove all the way from the Strip. My new husband patient as always with me. He could tell I was dissappointed. They get one star for the cinnamon crisps . They were ok. Had better here in Santa Barbara, CA. Word to the wise, don't go out of your way for this place.
4	I would simply give them a 5 because they're closer to me now!! I've upgraded them from a 3 to a 4 because of the parking situation (10x easier) and the fact that the people working there seemed nicer (at least that day). They're always nice, but maybe for the first time, they have room to breathe and not stuck in such a small space. I still got the white wedding cake. And I still got my hubby is cream puff. And I added the eclair. All their other goodies look scrumptious, but I'm pleased with what I got!
4	strawberry shortcakes  is some good,These are the most beautiful cakes Ive ever seen, and I also like how yummy they look :)The cake was the best I have ever had here in Henderson and also in Las vegas!!! Their promotional even gave us a dozen of the most superb cookies I have ever tasted!!! Thanks Freeds for opening your newest location near our home. Just off Silverado and Eastern makes it very easy for everybody to get to your great bakery... Thanks Ray and Cherrie Ceniceros.,
4	J'adore, Freed's Parisian Torte Cake (http://bit.ly/lYuSKk), J'adore. I officially adore you for your moist chocolate cake layered between ample amounts of light, fluffy chocolate mousse, covered in chocolate buttercream, then chocolate sprinkles and finally topped off with dark chocolate shavings. Chocolatey, delicate and not too sweet...Could you be any more perfect? I think not. Freed's Parisian Torte Cake is worthy of 5 stars. However, their cookies don't elicit such an in-depth response. A word of advice: Spend your money on the cake, not the cookies.
2	I have been looking for a bakery ever since we moved to Las Vegas. I was really excited when Freeds opened up near my house as I have heard nothing but good things about it. I walked in today looking for something special for dessert and I have to say that I wasn't really that impressed. I ended up picking up two pieces of cake. One was Black Forrest (my favorite) and the other was Red Velvet (my GF's favorite) and I have to say that I have had better. The Black Forrest tasted too much of the Fake Cherry they used and the Red Velvet was really dry and kind of blah. I will say they make better cakes then Albertsons, Vons or Smiths... but I am sure that if I keep looking there is someone else out there who makes better cakes then what I sampled at Freeds. As for the customer service, they seemed fine to me. Everyone seemed to be fascinated with the photographing of a couple of wedding cakes that to me looked a little plain, but its not my wedding so who cares. I would give it a try, maybe you like it better then me but growing up in a little Danish town with tons of great Danish bakeries to choose from I totally expected more from Freeds.
3	I believe this is the correct Freed's location I visited. Cakes were good, cookies ok. Nothing spectacular. I was visiting family with friends and they had found and drooled over their cakes on the website. I've had better.
5	How can I not give Freed's five stars?? Well it's definitely 4 solid stars for the dessert cake we had, a delicious Strawberry shortcake with the most divine whipped cream, and one big fat extra star for their customer service! Imagine this: it's 8am friday morning, I call them before our 532 mile drive to vegas to work out a surprise cake for my parents' 50th. A few traffic jams later, we're sweating beads that we won't make it by 8pm closing. Nevermind they say, we'll let you in as late as 8:20 cos someone should be around. A few more traffic jams later and a lot of bullet sweating, we barely made it, but they called us to make sure we found our way, and that they would wait for us no matter what, and when we got there, two of the employees came out to hand us the cake and wish us well!Needless to say, we got the cake over to my parents later that evening and surprised the heck outta them,  ending the evening with hugs and big slices of cake. My parents dont' like cakes that are too sweet so they were very impressed by this cake, which was light and airy and the sliced strawberries inside were excellent!
5	The hubby ordered me an amazing Birthday cake that was in the shape of a Tiffany box. It was the perfect shade of blue with a pretty white ribbon wrapped all around it. It was such an adorable cake it was hard to give in and cut up. But we did and boy o boy!! There is a reason this place is the best for cakes. It was a white cake with buttercream frosting. It was so moist and the frosting was the perfect amount of sweet. The hubby said that when he came in to order it they were very helpful & nice so they get extra stars for that. Cant wait til my next Bday & see what the hubby gets me!!
3	I have spent a lot of bread at this place and I would say that I keep coming back for more.  More what?Parking - Easy and simple at the new location.Customer Service - There is none. No Greeting, Nothing other than taking a number and then being left in line if you are not aware of the system.Cookies - I have probably purchase 50 lbs of cookie from this place over the years. At 14.00 per pound, fairly expensive and a nothing else I can say.Cakes - Simply awesome and reasonable prices. Many staff to help you with this.The X Factor - This place, for as much as I come there, they do not recognize you, treat you like you belong.  You are well, just a number.This place does have a reputation they live up to and this I believe helps them alot.GK Says, check it out.
5	Best bakery in Vegas hands down! Love this place so much that I frequent it about once a week (probably not the healthiest thing to do). You have to taste it to believe it. You also know this place is awesome because all of the seniors go here and they know where all the good stuff is at. Service is a little slow but who cares because once you taste all of the treats you will fall in love.
5	THe absolute most decadent cakes ever.  The cookies and cupcakes are amazing too
5	Just wanted to say thanks for delivering a Parisian Torte to my hotel at the MGM Signature Suites for a birthday.  I wasn't looking for an expensive cake, yet I wanted one that my guests would drool over.  The Parisian Torte was a huge hit and it tasted f-ing amazing.  The guys who delivered it to the hotel were professional and on time.  I set it up two weeks prior and the guys came within the 1-hour window when they said they would on a Saturday.  With all of the money I put out in Vegas on hotel and fun, the cake was probably the best value and the delivery charge was more than worth avoiding traffic on The Strip.  Thans, you guys-- I know why the hotels on the strip recommend you. Eric W
4	I think this was so hyped up for me that I was slightly disappointed. My friend was raving about a wedding cake bakery that served delicious wedding cake by the slice. I don't remember which cakes we got exactly, but they were all delicious except for one with coconut. The frosting for that was too thick and heavy for our liking. I liked how both the cakes and frosting tasted pretty light, so we didn't get sick of the cake or feel too weighed down. It was yummy, but it wasn't OMG-I-gotta-have-it amazing. Service was excellent. My friends told me they were helpful with the cake choosing experience.
5	My husband got me my bday cake from here - It was the most beautiful cake I've ever seen!! I could stare at it forever except that the cake was red velvet with chocolate filling - Very difficult to resist =) The best best cake yum yum :)
3	The further they move up Eastern, the less I tend to like them. For years, my family have gone their to buy birthday cakes, but Freed's quality has deteriorated. When I first came back from Korea, they were the first bakery I went to because I missed it so much. Strawberry Shortcake, Black Forest, and fruit tarts were my favorite. A few more visits and I find that the cakes are too sweet and a bit dry. It could be that my taste has changed, but then again, so did their prices. For something that is not as good as before, the cost has gone up on their items.People mention that the service is nonexistent. It is more like spotty. Sometimes it is great with people walking around, handing out samples, and chatting with customers. Other times, it is neglectful.
4	Loosen your belt, and let your fat inner-child flourish!Freed's Bakery is all sorts of wonderful; from the creativity of the cake designers, to the deliciousness of the product, and the courtesy of the staff, it's all icing baby.  I came in recently to order a birthday cake.  Before we ordered, we did a cake tasting, which is just as amazing as it sounds.  Here, sit down and eat all this free cake!  The only thing that would have made this experience better is if they handed you sweat pants before you begin your feast of tastes.  I tasted ALL the flavors of cake and icing that day.  After a face full of frosting, and a well earned stomach ache, I was ready to decide.  We went with the vanilla cake with strawberry mousse frosting.  Not only was this the best birthday cake I have ever eaten, it was covered in whimsical fairies, so KACHOW!!!Freed's is the only bakery to trust for your important cake occasions.  It's like shopping for a new car.....that you can eat.
4	I use Freeds bakery yearly for my boyfriends birthday in Vegas. They quality is amazing and the flavors are tasty! Last year I wasnt too impressed with the customer service and almost ordered from a different bakery this year BUT! I sent an inquiry via their website and had an excellent experience discussing my needs with a gentleman named Max. Back and forth went our emails till we found the perfect cake and design for my budget. The people at the bakery seemed a little flustered but got it together and completed my order. They delivered EXACTLY what I wanted to our suite on the strip within the hour window provided on a saturday. They delivery man was professional and set up the cake in our room as well. It was a huge hit with our guests and tasted amazing! See you next year Freeds!
5	Freed's makes the best cakes and deserts in town, hands down.  We love the cupcakes & any pick of cookies, and my daughter loves that they usually have samples for you to enjoy while picking up your order!  Freed's is definitely my top pick for a Las Vegas bakery!
5	Family owned bakery with very friendly staff.  Whilst chatting with the owner, he told me that all of the baked goods are made from "actual recipes" from "grandmothers' kitchens" that go back decades.  The girl behind the counter kept offering free samples of cookies....I told her to stop that, as my willpower is very limited!  I ended up buying a pound box of assorted cookies - chocolate sandwich, mini lemon scones, jam thumbprint, pecan, shortbread, etc. - and all were delightful.  Freed's cakes look beautiful and I wish I had a cooler in my car so I could take some of them home (I feared for my potential cakes' lives, as many of them featured beautiful buttercream frosting that would have melted sadly in the heat!).  Next time, Freed's, next time.....post-Hallowe'en treat?  ;)Check this place out and support a local business!
4	They have made 2 cakes for me in the past and they were "finger licking" good. Customer service was OK.
3	3.5 StarsI've been going to Freed's for over a year now. They have vast assortment of cookies, pastries, cakes, cupcakes etc. I think they are probably known for their cookies and cakes, so if you're looking for a cupcake head up a block to The Cupcakery.The cookies are fabulous. They have all sorts of cookies, and they are truly wonderful - Minus the standard chocolate chip. They are a bit over-baked in my opinion. They are a quite expensive! It's around $18 for a dozen of cookies. I haven't had a cake slice or cupcake from them since my first trip, and honestly I can't remember how it was. That to me usually means it not worth trying again. I don't remember them being bad, just forgettable so probably something similar to the bakery at Smith's.Try it out!
4	Ask Vegas locals where you can get a really nice cake for a party and they will suggest Freed's.  And it's easy to see why.  Every cake I've ordered (chocolate w/ strawberry, red velvet, black forest, napoleon, chocolate mousse) has been a success.  Tucked away in Henderson, Freed's is a traditional bakery offering simply decorated, layered cakes with a wide variety of flavors.  The main reason is that the bakers at Freed's produce soft and moist cakes with delicious frosting.  And don't undersell the value of a moist cake in the desert.  Most bakeries in the Vegas valley churn out dry cake that just doesn't taste right.  The reason?  It's a desert.  It's dry.  Moisture bakes away in the oven as well.  Add those two moisture-evaporating forces and most of the bakeries in town turn out unappealing, fairly tasteless cake (especially some of the cupcake shops . . . [ahem, looking at you Cupcakery]).  But Freed's has solved this problem and every cake out of their oven is tasty, soft and . . . well, pretty much perfectly baked.They also have a wide-selection of cookies and cakes.  For folks hoping to find some traditional Jewish baked treats, Freed's is a Jewish bakery and carries a wide variety of the treats your grandmother used to make.I've heard a few people complain that the prices at Freed's are a little high, but I generally disagree.  The bakery is more expensive than picking up a sheet cake from the local grocery store, but the extra coin is worth it since the cake from Freed's is soooooo much better than generic grocery cake.So four stars for a classic bakery putting out consistently quality cakes.
2	Parking - Easier now that the Fazzolis closed downCustomer Service - There is no customer service. They let you sit there starring confused at what to do till they call your numberCookies - Dry, sometimes over mixed and butteryCakes - I ordered the Strawberry shortcake and I was very disappointed. The cream tastes bland and the cake itself is dryBiggest peeve I had about this place though is the Cream puff they sell here. It is too hard, dry bread and the custard tastes like snack pack pudding. This place does not live up to its reputation.
5	These guys are awesome.  We live out of state and and were trying to plan a wedding in Las Vegas. We contacted a majority of the bakeries in town and by far- these guys were the most accommodating and the friendliest group to work with.  I contacted several of the "premier bakeries" in town and found them to be extremely arrogant and overpriced. They refuse to work with you if you are out of state, which is stupid IMHO.  If you need a wedding cake and you don't live in Vegas, or even if you do live in Vegas... check these guys out. We've had a tremendously positive experience so far. Thank you Freeds!
1	I realize that this place is a Food Network staple and, therefore, a Las Vegas fixture, but I strongly suggest that tourists and locals alike find a better bakery.My first experience with Freed's occured when they were still located at Eastern and Tropicana, when I purchased a Bachelorette Party cake for my sister's party.  The first warning bells should have been when I paid over $200.00 for the cake.  That's right...CAKE!  However, it was a naughty cake for the celebration and she really had her heart set on it.  Until she tasted it.  Until we all tasted it.  That had to be the worst cake I have ever eaten in my life.So, I'm not a fan of their cakes, that's fine, because they happen to make the MOST WONDERFUL Black and White Cookies.  Seriously, I live at least twenty minutes away from their current location and I still drive out when I get a craving for them.  Unfortunately, by the time I reach their location, they're usually sold out of this item.  Today was the fourth time in a row and I finally asked if they had stopped making them.  The woman behind the counter informed me that they did, in fact, still make them and that they were their most popular item and sold out quickly.  Ok, and your first thought was that first come first serve and then sell everything else instead of the most popular item?  Actually, it was also told to me that they only usually make about a dozen or so of them a day.  I not only think that to be ridiculous, but incredibly stupid in a "supply and demand" manner.Aside from their horrible tasting cakes and their lack of high demand product, their customer service is ATROCIOUS!  Don't even consider complaining to the person you are with about something not tasting right or that they've run out of something because the person behind the counter will always jump into your conversation to defend their workplace in the rudest way possible.  And, if you complain to them...well, I've had two people, on separate occasions, snidely inform me that they've been featured on the Food Network.  Ok, and...?They told me, today, that if I wanted the only thing I ever go to that store for, that I should call early in the morning to request that they hold them, but I'll pass.  I assume that if they spent less time moving their location further and further up Eastern that they'd have time to improve on areas that seriously need it.  Again, I strongly suggest that anybody think twice before giving this business any of your time or money.
4	I haven't used Freed's for a cake or an event, but I LOVE their cookies!They have an excellent selection of cookies (probably 20 different ones last time I was in) that are all a little unique, with more emphasis on fruity flavors (my fave!). The best are the rainbow cake cookies, which are covered in chocolate; the macaroons; and the shortbreads with jelly.Any time I am in the area shopping, I have to stop by Freed's for a small box of cookies - they pack it as much as they can and only charge like $10 I think.Atmosphere inside is nil, since a lot of people are just there to order and pick up cakes for events.
4	I have used this family owned bakery for well over a decade and it has yet to fail me.  I began doing business with them when doing special events for a Vegas based nightclub so there were lots of things like corporate logos, specialty cakes, novelties and dessert trays ordered, mostly with blind trust, over the phone or via fax.  Not once did Freed's fall short.Fast forward to a few destination weddings, milestone birthdays and bawdy bachelorette parties over the years and Freed's has nailed it everytime.  When a certain hotel broke a brides heart by telling her the price of its cakes for her reception, I went to Freed's website and ordered the cake online for a fraction of the cost and with the help of a fabulous bellman, delivered the cake to the reception at the hotel, no questions asked.During my recent visit, I popped in to buy some baked goods as a hostess gift and to spoil my niece with some of their delicious baked goodies.   In a town where they worship the shiny and new, it was nice to see a busy old school bakery packing them in.  You can keep your cupcakeries and your pastisseries with their pretention and priciness, Freed's is the only sugar rush in town for me.
5	As I also work at many weddings and get to try a lot of cakes, I'm very glad that I had Freed's Bakery make the cake for my wedding! They made me a beautiful three tiered, classic cake with two layers of chocolate cake with raspberry filling, and one layer of red velvet. Both were so delicious, and many of my guests raved about it!
5	Great place to buy a cake. You should see the Oscar cake. Mmmm!
2	Little disappointed. Saw Rachael Ray (apparently older episode) raving about the place. For the cost of a slice of cake was expecting a little more. Unfortunately it was just okay. The staff was friendly and helpful and the place was bright and clean.
1	first off their counter customer service is not good.  I stood there looking at the people behind the counter for quite a few minutes before someone finally asked me if I needed help.  I bought two white cupcakes, a brownie, and a chocolate eclair.  The cake on the cupcakes tasted ok, but the frosting tasted terrible.  It tasted like shortening.  If I wanted shortening on my cupcake, I could of done that at home.The chocolate eclair was terrible too.  The custard had no flavor at all and they used sugary chocolate buttercream frosting on top where as you usually use a different type of chocolate frosting.  The brownie was ok but Vons makes a better one at half the price.I don't mind paying high prices on good bakery items but this place is not good.  I can make better items at home.  Was visiting my mom in Henderson and did not have time to bake so went here.  Won't be back!  My mom's friend recommended this place and was very disappointed!  Will find somewhere else to go next time.
2	Sorry Freed's you have diminished since your move to Henderson. I used to frequent Freed's when they were on the East Side of town. I went here today with my mother for two reasons:1. I wanted a delicious treat2. I am getting married and was interested in looking into their wedding cakesFirst off the shop IS nice. It is clean, everything smelt so yummy when we walked in. The place where (I assume) they do consultations for wedding/event cakes, etc was behind a glass panel. My mother and I walked in and all the women were busy so we started taking a look at their books with pictures of cakes.Eventually someone came up to us and asked us if we had been helped. I said no and proceeded to ask this person about whether or not they make traditional French wedding cakes. These wedding cakes are called croquembouches. Considering Freed's makes many other things besides cakes I assumed they would at least KNOW what a croquembouche WAS. Well, this lady had no idea what I was talking about. I don't mean to be a snot, and I'm certainly not a snob, but seriously... how can you work in a wedding cake consultation place at a bakery that makes many confectioneries and at least not know what a croquembouche is?After my mother and I left the dazed and confused wedding cake woman we went back into the bakery and proceeded to wait a heinously long amount of time to get our 1 piece of red velvet cake and our 1 cannoli. They were good... but not THAT good.Obviously I'm taking my Frenchy wedding cake dreams elsewhere to the many other bakeries/cake makers in Las Vegas who know what a croquembouche is.
2	I don't like that I have to give Freeds 2 stars but it's not anywhere close to the best cake in town. The positive, service was friendly and the cake decoration was very good. Now the bad, way over priced and the cake was just nothing better than ok. The cake it self was a little dry and didn't have much flavor. Sorry to say but there is no way I would get another cake from here. There cupcakes I will come back for.
5	This place is FANTASTIC, it wasn't my first choice for a last minute baby shower cake but the place I originally went to was not open during the business hours they had listed....but it was a blessing...I am so glad I ended up going to Freed's because the cake turned out perfect. Freed's accommodated to all of my needs on extremely short notice...they exceeded my expectations and began working on my cake immediately.I needed a babyshower cake made within only a few hours, I came in, in a rush and searched through photos of cakes, made a few changes and chose a "My Little Pony" themed cake. It turned out beautiful and delicious! Now my sister in law is decorating the baby's room in a "My Little Pony" theme because she loved the cake so much. I can't say enough good things about Freed's...Thank you Freed's for helping me make the baby shower special and memorable!
4	Went in here to maybe purchase a b-day cake for about 8 people.  Umm $35.00.  No I don't think so.  While she was talking prices I was tasting samples!  There cookies are really really good.  As long as they don't cost $35.00 per dozen, I will be back!  They were really good!  Needless to say, I went somewhere else for my cake.
4	Great treats for the whole family.  Make sure you grab a number when you arrive and check-in via Yelp gets you a dozen cookies if you spend over $6.
5	Brown Derby ~ My favorite !!! Delicious !!
5	I love this bakery. My girlfriend and I were in this area shopping and we both have quite the sweet tooth so we randomly decided to walk in right before they closed to grab some treats. We opted to share a slice of the strawberry short cake (with WHIPPED cream, not Bavarian cream) and I also ordered this powdered sugar covered cookie with red in the middle looking thing (I don't know what it was called, it was an impulse buy). As I was checking out, I saw the sign that said "Check in on Yelp." So, I checked in on Yelp, showed it to the cashier, and she gave me 12 FREE COOKIES. F*ing RIGHT ON! We chose our free cookies and went on our way.  This strawberry cake is truly a slice of heaven. Wonderfully moist and obviously made with fresh ingredients. It melts in your mouth. I only had a couple of bites and it's actually in my fridge right now... I cannot wait to demolish it when I get home from work. ;)
2	I've tried to like this place really I have but it's just so average. This was my mom's favorite bakery when she was a child so I really had high hopes for it. I've been in a couple of times and wasn't at all impressed. I just went in today with the hopes of their cake wowing me. My sister and I decided on a slice of both the carrot cake and the German chocolate. They were both worse then grocery store cake and we both didn't even finish it. . I was disappointed on how average it was. It didn't help that the staff wasn't that friendly. I'd recommend saving your money and going to another one of the delicious bakeries near by.
5	My first time in and I was wowed by the cookie variety...everything was delicious! I will be back!
5	So, I just wanted to update my review of Freeds because something changed and it is really for the better.From my last review, I mentioned the stuff was good and the service was blah hence the 3 star.  Now, things are getting much better....1.  Cakes - The prices are very reasonable, and the quality outstanding. Choices are great. For this, they get 5 Stars!!!- Type of cake: we always go for the chocolate or marble. However, they do have white, almond, lemon and carrot cake that I can choose from.- The fillings - How does Bavarian Cream sound? A pudding in a cake?  How does Buttercream sound.  Chocolate Buttercream?  they have a ton of other flavors in fillings, and our next cake we just ordered will have Chocolate fudge.  - The frosting - We generally have the Buttercream frosting, or a fondant for the specialty designs, where we need a special look. Can't go wrong herre.Confused, you can always take samples for tasting to be sure.2.  Service - This was to me an issue in the past which dropped them to a three star in my last review, however, consistently in the past few months that I have been coming in, I have to say - 5 Stars!!!- Front Bakery Reception - They still have the numbering system, and I recommend you pull a number ticket as this is always best, no matter what.   I went in here at 7:55 pm on a Saturday night, right before their closing and needed a last minute birthday cake ordered.  Kelly was so helpful, helped me sort out what I needed, and the wording and all, and I never felt like they were waiting to close. I felt very relieved to be able to do this last minute and know that this special cake was going to be taken care of... Thanks Kelly - 5 Stars!- Special order - Came in just yesterday to order another special cake so I went to the special order section which is in a glass office area.  Elia helped my wife and I to order the best graduation cake. Not only did she show us the normal designs, she also went into a lot of detail, suggested alternatives to our original requests which were based on what we "knew" and hadn't tried yet. In the end, we ended up with a cake that she confirmed with the bakers first would work and we felt complete special attention, and we are going to have a cake that is going to be special for sure.  Thanks Elia - 5 Stars!3.  So, when you need a special cake for those special moments, yeah, you can order Costco, Sams Club, Albertsons, Smiths, other bakeries.  However, when you want that special cake for those special moments that you want to show others is truly special, then come here to Freeds. You will be amazed for sure.GK says, check it out!!!!!
4	Great selection when it comes to cakes, pastries, and cookies! I really was lured in because of their GREAT Yelp deal, which is a free box of cookies! I'm glad their fair with offering their 12 free cookies as most of the cookie pieces are small. They are well aware and are more than generous when giving them to you! Their service was great, and imagine my surprise when the lady that helped me was nice enough to inform that I could sample the cookies before I pick them. SAMPLE COOKIES?! WWWWOOOOWWWW!!!! My heart literally ran laps around the bakery, and boy was I sampling cookies for sure! I'd suggest their white chocolate almond and peanut bar, florentines, chocolate cookie covered in chocolate and pecans, and there's more but I forgot the name halfway through eating them. I also purchased a raspberry cupcake (which I do apologize is a hard 2 stars in cupcake quality), and a strawberry shortcake (which is a good 3.5 stars in quality). Compared to all the other gourmet cupcakes that are out there, and those being the first of most cupcakes I've tasted from a bakery, it's hard not to compare the too. Freed's cupcakes are REALLY sweet. You taste more sugar in the frosting than a good flavor of anything. So I ended up scraping the cupcake frosting. The quality of the cupcake LOOKED good, but quality is very store bought in flavor. Their shortcake however, is very soft in sponge for cake with the cream being light and not heavy in frosting or too sweet. It had a good amount of strawberries to even out the cake to strawberry ratio. I spent a good $4.95 on the short cake and $2 on the cupcake, but with the free box of cookies it was a steal.I'd definitely go back for their cookies again when I crave it, but I'd really suggest to steer away from the cupcakes. I must admit, with all these new and hipster bakeries opening, it's still nice to know that there is always a good, classic bakery to go to for some classic sweets.
4	Service, great! Food, don't know. Unfortunately, I was not able to purchase from Freed's due to budget reasons. They were recommended by another bakery who couldn't make the cake I wanted. What I thought was a small, (fairly) simple frosted cake for 15-20 people was $165. However, I felt I needed to rave about Janie! By far the BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I've had from any business in a long time. She was quick to reply via email (I'm in Oklahoma) & ended every email with either a suggestion or asking me what she could do to accommodate me. Sadly, I just couldn't justify that price for an edible item, nor did I want to spend my allowable budget on a traditional themed wedding cake that I didn't like.  Now, if only they made pie.
3	Visually their cupcakes, tarts, and various offerings are stunning. In some cases they offer true eye candy and the visual appeal will stir any cupcake and pastry fan into thinking they're in for a treat. But spectacle does not always equal substance. A couple of bites into a Freeds experience left me thinking some items were almost too sweet. And the cupcakes were DRY. Now I've made cupcakes and it's not a cakewalk to make them perfect every time. But a professional bakery I hold to a slightly higher standard than what I can crank out, and a dry cupcake is a sin in my book, one that will cost them 2 stars. A-ok? Yes, they'll do in a pinch. But I won't go out of my way to buy from them, especially not with the Cupcakery so close by.Edit: Freed's took the time to respond back and I greatly appreciate that. And to be fair sometimes food can vary from day to day. With that in mind I will give Freed's a second try...I won't do the freebie offer, thanks though, but I will walk in and just review it as it is. My wife thinks I'm being a bit harsh on this one as she said the chocolate cupcake I brought home was awesome.
1	Some orders are too small!I recommended Freed's Bakery because the cakes and customer service was superior. We drove in from California just for the cake tasting and deposits. To my surprise the customer service was lacking tremendously. The bride to be was scheduled but was not given an agent.  When the bride mention; 20 guess, it was worst. The agent had the audacity to ask if she would like to taste the cake. I assumed if you're scheduled for a cake tasting appointment, cake would be included. The agent came back with a dot of cake, butter cream frosting, and two types of fillings. What a joke.I had plans to order my anniversary cake (200 guess) during the wedding sitting. Well we both decided not to do business with Freed's Bakery. We contacted Hansen Bakery in Los Angeles. I must say Hansen appreciated our business. Freed's don't even deserve a star..
5	Thanks for the five star help from the classy beautiful women behind the counter! And we love those black and whites...Yum! YOU better stop by! -the Weber girls
1	order cupcakes- not impress had betteronly the carrot cake well was good as for the other 5 the icing was the only thing good( cake mix nasty)
4	I happen to really like Freed's Bakery, not only because of the addicting buttercream, but also, the friendly and helpful staff.I went to Freed's Bakery the past Saturday to pick up a dozen cupcakes, at $1/piece.  Yes, that is a freakin' awesome deal and does not come by that often, but it does come up!  Anyways, after selecting my freshly out of the oven cupcakes, I got a dozen cookies, FREE because of Yelp check-in.  The lovely lady that helped me took the time to explain to me the pecan and chocolate covered marzapan.  She even let me tasted that cookie!  Gosh, it was such a great visit at Freed's.  Note to everyone, you must grab a number and patiently wait to be called if it's busy.  I was such a slowpoke to realize that I needed to grab a number.  Nonetheless, I did get what I wanted so yay!!! I'm a fan!
5	Wow, this is a review I thought I had done last year and just noticed I had not Yelped Freed's Bakery as of yet! Shame on me!My first experience with Freed's bakery was 14 years ago when we made a visit to Las Vegas from San Diego for my Sister's birthday. I recall my Mom contacting them at the last minute once we had arrived in town for a b-day cake for my little Sister. They of course came through and prepared an awesome 8 inch round marble cake with vanilla butter cream frosting (real butter cream not the shortening filled sweet artificial frosting). It was decorated so pretty and ready when they said it would be even on short notice.My second experience with them happened to be during a visit to Las Vegas from Los Angeles with my ex-hubby to celebrate our 5 year Anniversary. I thought a nice treat would be to order a cake for our celebration. I ordered an 8 inch round marble cake with vanilla butter cream frosting decorated and personalized for our Anniversary. Once again they came through on time as promised. During our stay we kept it in the refrigerator in our hotel room and drove it back home with us to LA and it was fine.Their staff is so helpful and truly know their stuff! They have great ideas and really take that extra step to make what you want or need happen.Thank you for all of the great cakes and memories Freed's bakery!Tip: When ordering white butter cream frosting always make sure you specify "real butter cream" as in "butter". They have two types, a traditional real butter cream (Ivory color tint) and a shortening butter cream (stark white) usually for birthday cakes. I like the taste of butter more than shortening it makes a world of difference!
5	I wanted to wait until I used Freed's for a cake to upgrade them to five stars, but after 6-7 visits for cookies and individual pastries, I thought they'd earned it. The cookies are still delicious, the service is still friendly, the location is still good, but now they have a yelp check-in deal: spend $6 and get 12 free cookies. 12 free cookies! Hands down the best bakery deal you'll get in town and they still have the best, most creative cookie selection.
2	I was very disappointed with this bakery.  A friend that lives in Las Vegas recommended the location and had said his family had used them in the past.  I felt like I was arguing more with the sales person than getting things done.  I was looking for my wedding cake and I guess we were speaking a different language.  Not only was there an issue with miscommunication, but the cost was way to high.  I would never try them again.  I felt like it was the sales persons wedding.
1	I ordered three slices of cake they were all dry. It was the worst !!! They gave my son a chocolate chip cookie, now that was good. I give you one star for the cookie but we will not be back. Sorry
4	I LOVED the ice cream cookie!!
3	Nice variety of cake slices, pastries and cookies you can pick up from here. The  M&M's, Chocolate Chip and Raspberry Crisps are usually what I pick up for the family. Full of chocolate chips or M&M's in every bite. The cake slices l have tried are hit & miss though.  Sometimes they are real moist, other times it's a little dry and crumbly. I really want to give this place 4 stars but I docked the 1/2 star for that reason. I have yet to place an order for cake there but I do marvel at the creations they have displayed.  Lots of creative and artistic cakes! Especially the one shaped like a purse with Hello Kitty on it! They have a separate area where they take the customer orders. All the ladies who work there are cheerful. Just remember to take a ticket though when it's busy in there because it can get hectic and they dont necessarily know who is next in line to help. I had intended to only get a few cookies this past visit and I noticed they had a deal where you checked in on Yelp, spend 6 dollars you got 12cookies for free!! So I picked up the Mini Mousse cups. The cup is made of chocolate and holds the mousse filling inside.  Perfect size enough to satisfy my sugar craving.  So Mini Mousse cups for me & cookies for my family I'm happy with that!
5	We usually use a family friend that works at Ceaser and is a bakery chef but when he is busy and cant make us cakes we always turn to Freed's.  Over the years they can make us anywher from 3-6 cakes a year.Love the fact with how close they are to my house and will continue to return.
4	Hyped up which I think can set some people to be disappointed, but I thought it was good. I wanted cake. I had such a crappy cake slice the day prior and I remember having a really good cake slice from Freed's years ago. It definitely hit the spot. I grabbed a red velvet cake which was tasty. I have a problem with a lot not having balance but this achieved that. Not too sweet, the cream cheese frosting had a really nice rich consistency but not too thick and still taste like cream cheese, the cake was moist and had great flavor. The black forest was the better of the two though. I'm not a chocolate cake fan, but I really enjoy theirs since it's not a sugary mess but cacao flavor. It was so moist, the cherry filling was nice and the frosting was just the right amount of sweet. While I think their custom cakes are pricey, I can understand why it is in demand as they really understand how to make cake. I think a lot of places are too heavy handed on sugar and I cannot eat a whole slice of it or put too much frosting that I'm scraping off to get the right balance in a bite. I did not feel gross and in a saccharine coma after their treats. The BF was holding back from eating more in one sitting when we were just planning on a tiny nosh and saving the rest for later. There was a Yelp check-in deal with $6 you get 12 cookies. This to me is CRAZY of a check in deal as their cookies are normally by the pound and you can pick any. There wasn't a bad one in our picks, but the standout for me was the cookie with marzipan covered in chocolate and nuts, and the 7 layer squares. We went to a friends house close by and while I wanted to try more than that, I went back to the bag and everything was gone. Welp, I take it that means it was good. I wasn't gone from the kitchen that long.
5	Oh ma gah!!  This Jersey girl is so excited to have found an authentic East Coast bakery!  I went in to see if I could order a birthday cake for the boy for his ninth birthday.  Yes, it's going to cost me a bit more, but this is ACTUAL baking with FRESH ingredients!!  If you want a cheap cake that has propylene glycol in it (which is the chemical name for anti-freeze), go to Costco.  If you want a fresh cake with wholesome ingredients, you pay a bit more.I bought a 1/2 lb of cookies and two cannolis, and checked in on yelp and got 12 more cookies for free!  It's going to be all I can do NOT to eat them all before the family gets home.
5	What a great bakery! I have only dealt with these folks by long distance ( I'm in Vancouver B.C.)  but they treated my order as if they were my next door neighbours. I was organizing a surprise 65th birthday dinner for family and friends who were all flying into Vegas for the occasion and Janie at Freed's stick handled the birthday cake details right down to watching for the package of pink flamingo picks to arrive so their cake designer could arrange the 'flock'  in front of the cake as well as putting candles on it for me. I had no design in mind for how those flamingos were going to be incorporated but they said 'trust us'. They had the cake delivered to our restaurant and the first I saw of it was when the waiter carried it to our table. It was perfect. Flamingos galore all gathered on a lawn of cake in front of their beautiful Josephine creation. Birthday girl was in tears and I was hailed as a genius. And as if the presentation alone wasn't enough, the cake and filling/icing was really, really good. Most people make a token poke at their slice of commercial cake but this lemon cake disappeared with nothing but pink plastic flamingos left behind. I have never been to Freed's or heard of them before now but the next time I'm in Vegas I will be sure to go find them and 'eat cake'.
4	Rounding up from a 3.5 in hopes that my next visit pushes me over the edge.. And for the free cookies with the Yelp check-in.  My first experience was better than my most recent experience with Freed's.  I first tried their cupcakes at my friend's 30th birthday in Las Vegas, where they had the cupcake tier with a mini cake on top.  I had the all chocolate cupcake with chocolate mousse, dipped in chocolate.  SO GOOD!  This time around, I went to the store since its down the street from my parents' house and wanted to get a dozen cupcakes for my grandma's 92nd birthday.  I had browsed the website and saw what types of flavors they had, and called the bakery to request some be put on hold until I drove in from LA.  The lady who had answered the phone told me that I did not need to call in and reserve any cupcakes because they would have them there all day and since I was ordering a variety, there should definitely be some in stock.  BAD NEWS, I had my heart set on the all chocolate cupcake, the peanut butter and chocolate, and the mint and chocolate, and NONE were available.   Maybe it was the day of the week, but there were no chocolate cake cupcakes available other than the cookies and cream cupcake.  Ended up settling with a few red velvet, peach, strawberry, cookies and cream and carrot cupcakes.  Read from the past yelp reviews about the cookie offer, so I snagged a couple of those to help ease the disappointment.  At least the cookies were good and a couple of the ones we had chosen were dipped in chocolate.  And to add insult to injury, my mom tried the cookies and cream cupcake, and said the chocolate cake part was dry.  Keeping my hopes up, we'll be back in November for Thanksgiving, and will probably give the cupcakes another try.
3	Meh... this bakery is good. But I have had better. I honestly think this bakery is a bit overrated. I would say maybe 5 years ago... they were one of the best. But since Vegas has boomed with new bakeries... I have had the pleasure of tasting other goodies from other bakeries. Depending on your flavor/ taste/ palette, this might be the best bakery for you. I personally think that the cakes I have tasted from them (Black forest in particular) was too rich.. and more frosting/ icing that I would have wanted. I am more about the substance (i.e. the cake itself). The ratio of cake to icing is off to me. I will give it another try if I am ever around that area. But for now... it is OK
5	After all these years, how did I not know you could buy chocolate cake by weight?  Best thing ever!  We did this a few weeks ago and it was perfect.
5	Love this place, always get cupcakes there. My favorites are any thing with cherries. All so good. They are rich and really good if you need something sweet. We always get birthday cakes and holiday cakes there every year for the past probably six years.
5	Honestly incredible- from the service to the goods, these guys deliver! I'm amazed that a bakery has lasted through the past 54 years of economic ups and downs, but Freed's has done it and done it and done it well, and they keep on doing it and doing it and doing it well. The brown derby cake is my favorite but there are no bad choices here... Unless you leave empty handed. Max does a great job adjusting to new trends while maintaining the integrity of his family's business. 5 stars hands down!
3	So, I came here for many recommendations from friends that they love Freed's Bakery and as I was turning 21 I decided to come here to get a cake for my party. I would have given it a four, but the price of the cake and the taste of it was not worth it. :( From what I remember upon entering the bakery, they were incredibly busy but I ended talking with one of the people who I worked there pretty quickly.  They gave a book where it had different cake decorations and themes.  I ended up choosing a whimsical cake (which I will post a picture of it).   Service: Was okay, they were very helpful and sweet.Cake:  The decoration of my cake was spectacular and what I wanted. It was a three tier cake and the taste of the cake was mediocre, it is not something where I would crave for ever again.  My cake consisted of red velvet and chocolate (the red velvet was the middle tier & the chocolate was the top & bottom tier with bavarian cream, I believe) Delivery:  My party started at 7:30 and it was supposed to be delivered by & 7pm and it did not come till I believe at 7:40pm?  It was a big deal, but all I could remember thinking is what happened to my cake? Oh yeah, the cost of my cake was $350 plus $50 for the delivery.
5	No por algo estan abiertos por mas de 50 anos. con eso digo todo. Servicio muy bueno  personalizado, gran variedad de pasteles, galletas entre otros. El strawberry short cake es perfecto, ligero y no extremandamente dulce y empalagoso. Lleva fresas fescas y crema chantilli. Otro de mis favoritos es el Parisian, es muy buena opcion su buscas algo de chocolate. Siempre tienen disponibiladad para hacer un pastel hermoso y delicioso aunque tuu tiempo este apretado. Definitivamente, por algo han sido elegidos mejor bakery en Las Vegas por mas de 30 anos consecutvos.
4	Great bakery if you're looking for cookies or cakes! Amazing staff! Very helpful! And if don't forget to check-in for free cookies if you spend over $6!
5	Fantastic Stuff.  And the free cookies for checking in were amazing.
5	The cookies are incredible! And I will eat any cake of theirs with Bavarian cream and strawberries!!! My birthday cakes in the past three years have been from Freed's and I've never been let down!
4	Love the cookies here most of all but find all their baked goods delicious. Its on the expensive side but if you want yummy treats its worth it.
4	Decided to stop and get a sweet treat from Freeds, while we were trying to find the voting trailer.  So we stopped in to get some cookies and decided to try there cupcakes.  I was very impressed the cupcake was very delishious!  We got the red Velvet cupcake, and chocolate chip cookies and the M&M cookies.   I think I really prefer the cookies, but my husband really really liked the cupcakes.
5	I've heard about Freed's for years, but never been one to check out a Bakery. So on a quiet Las Vegas evening my wife and I decided we wanted something sweet after dinner. We looked at the time and we had aproxomately 13 minutes to do the dishes (on a night where Yelp wasn't assisting with our dining options) and get to the bakery. Man, I'm glad we rushed to get er' done.The first sign I noticed was one regarding their hand made ice cream sandwiches. I bee-lined towards the freezer and grabbed two. Thinking that would be enough I went to pay and noticed that if you check on Yelp you get some freebies. By freebies they meant a friggin DOZEN cookies. So after picking out some tasty delights I was on my merry way. The Cookies n' Creme Ice Cream Sandwich (made with a Chocolate Chip Cookie) was to die for. Absolutely the best I've ever had. The cookies were great, but nothing compared to the ice cream sandwich. I would eat one of those bad boys if it was -17 outside and I was in a tank top. It was that good.Absolutely a great stop for a sweet treat anytime of the day.
4	We ordered a cake for our nephew's 21st birthday dinner.  When we picked it up, we were warmly greeted and offered a sample of their cookies while we waited for the cake.The cake was just fabulously decorated and tasted great too.  Kudos to Freed's!
4	amazing cookies
5	Best cakes and cookies in town.
5	As close to an East Coast bakery as you're going to get out here.  I've only ordered cookies and cupcakes and both are fantastic.  If you follow them on FB you'll see some of their cake creations - WOW - impressive looking. They also list daily/weekends specials on their FB on occassion which works for me since I'm close enough to run over on short notice.A+ as far as I'm concerned.
3	This place has been in Vegas forever! And obviously it's paying off charging $300 a cake because the new location is fancy! Big, private booths, behind glass that I assume are for custom cake ordering. Then of course a beautiful display of cookies, cupcakes, and random slices of heaven. The service, amazing. I love the free cookie while I wait, and the greeting/goodbye as I come and go. But as nice as these people are, and as pretty as it may be, these are freakin pastries, and $16 per pound of cookies- that just ain't right. If you've been around so long why not show some local love? Good product, but the best in Vegas? I don't think so. I appreciate the $1 cupcake weekends, and Facebook giveaways aren't going unnoticed. But this is a competitive industry and nowadays tons of coupons/groupons/specials for things of this nature. Also, post the yelp check in special at the door, not the register when you can't add 6 more free cookies cuz there's a line out the building. I hoped friends appreciated the sugar cookies in their gift bags this year :)
5	I wish I could go back to the first day I stepped foot into Freed's Bakery, and never walk in. Ever since, Freed's Bakery has become my addiction.I regularly spend about 10-15 dollars a week at this place, up to 30 dollars when I just don't care about how mountainous my belly becomes.Chocolate Chip Log used to be my favorite, but now I just stick to their Strawberry Shortcakes, which are definitely worth gaining 10lbs for.Go sell your scale. and go get yourself some delicious pastries at Freed's. It's 2013, after all.
4	What an improvement!I was, very recently, on this side of town and desperately wanted a Black and White Cookie.  I had a feeling that there wouldn't be anymore in stock, but decided to check anyways, since I was already nearby.There were three left and I purchased all of them.  I'll be honest, it wasn't as good as they usually are, it tasted like they didn't have as much lemon in the base cookie as normal.  However, my sister purchased two mousse cups while we were there.  WOW!  Their mousse cups are, officially, my favorite thing they sell now.  All of the things in their display cases are so beautifully made, but as I've said before, I'm weary to try their cake as it hasn't been good the few times that I have.After I made my selections, my favorite part (sarcasm) came up where I would have to pay and engage the normally bitter and sarcastic person behind the register.  Not that case this time.  Both women that helped me were pleasant and engaging.I'll be back to this bakery and maybe I'll even, eventually, try a slice of cake again.
4	Decided to pick up some cupcakes for a get together today. i tried the chocolate cupcake with white choc curls and it was really good. My friends enjoyed the mint choclate chip, coconut pineapple, strawberry, peanut butter and oreo cupcakes. They were so good that almost everyone wanted to take leftover cupcakes home:)I checked with the girl at the counter and they still have the yelp check in offer wherein you get 6 free cookies upon checking in. I was unable to check in due to some tech issues with my phone, and she offered to give me the cookies saying she knew I would check in. That in my opinion is great customer service. I checked in a few minutes later.Tried one of the cookies I chose and it was great.Remember to take a ticket number if the place is busy as they call and serve customers with ticket numbers. Yummy place that's dangerously close to home!!
1	Absolutely terrible. Special ordered for a bachelorette party. Got confirmation a day in advance and upon arrival the order was not even made at all!!! Wtf kind of business does that?! Ruined the weekend of festivities. My friend won't be having another one of these again in her life.
5	Sooooooooo I won a free cake from Freed's for Xmas eve on Facebook. The odds of me picking the exact number between 1000-9000 was slim to nothing but I did it!  I've been wanting to stop by here for awhile now. My friend always raved about Freed's and she always ordered a tres cake from here which I thought was tasty. Anyways, I won a dessert cake so I ended up picking the brown derby. It's basically the chocolate version of a strawberry shortcake. The 7" fed 9 people and we still had half a cake left. Cake was moist and delicious, the whipped cream was light with strawberry pieces in it. It wasn't too sweet or rich which is how I like my cake anyways. Overall, this place was packed for Xmas but they had a fairly good system in place and no one got hurt or mad. I will definitely be back to try other sweet treats!
5	2 words. best bakery! that is all.
5	Called them 2 nights before I needed an Angry Bird birthday cake for my daughter and they took my order over the phone and hooked me up with a beautiful cake right on time! Kids loved it, tasted awesome. Will definitely go back, thank you.
4	I needed to get a cake for my brother's 19th birthday and decided that since he's having a bowling party, he needs a bowling-themed cake. The ladies at Freed's were friendly and very helpful. It didn't take long for me to find the right cake. The lady pulled up some bowling cake samples on her computer and I decided on a cake shaped like a bowling ball. Mind you, these cakes are not cheap. I chose the smallest size and the price was just under $60. I do get to customize the cake with whatever flavor, icing, buttercream and fondant color I wanted. Boom! An orange bowling ball chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and buttercream.Since we were having quite a few birthday guests, I also picked up an extra pre-made chocolate cake at half the price of the bowling cake. A lot to spend on cakes but my brother's guests couldn't stop talking about the yummy tasting and cool-looking cakes.
5	4.5 starsWARNING: Do not go here if you don't want to cheat on your diet. I have been fighting against all urges to resist stepping foot in here but I saw on facebook that the cupcakes were on sale, 4 for $4.  We were in the area and I just couldn't pass it up any longer. The bakery smells amazing!  You grab a number and hope that you're up soon because if you stand there any longer than you need to you might leave with 2 of everything in the store. Friendly service but the line seemed to move sooo slowly and my friend who comes here tells me it's always this way, so that's where I subtracted the half star.  We tried rainbow cookies, sugar cookies and m&m cookies and all were perfect!  i haven't tried the cupcakes yet but I can't wait to sink my teeth into the Red Velvet one!  If you check in on yelp you will get 6 free cookies with a $6 purchase.
5	My life was not complete until I walked into Freed's and left with treasure in my hands.I've heard rave reviews about this place and was quite excited to try it, except that it is clear across town for me. Freed's is really active on Facebook, always having giveaways and contests. They had an event this past weekend that caught my eye - 4 cupcakes for $4 with no limit to how many you buy! I went on Sunday afternoon to find a crowd patiently waiting for their goodies. If you find a crowd, take a number! They move fairly quickly so you're not going to be waiting too long. They have a wide selection of cookies and cakes, and across the cookie display is a room where they have cakes for weddings and other lavish events. Their cakes have beautiful designs and colors. While waiting, something that caught my eye was the pre-packaged cookies in the middle table. Gluten-free! My number was finally called and I got my 12 pre-ordered cupcakes. Their cupcakes are super moist. Not too big, not too small. They don't overpower their cupcakes with a lot of unnecessary frosting. The decoration isn't anything fancy. My favorites were the Mint Chocolate and the Strawberries and Cream. Mint Chocolate is a chocolate cake with green mint frosting with some chocolate chips on top. The Strawberries and Cream is your straightforward pink strawberry cupcake. I love how these didn't taste artificial or overly sweet.I checked into Yelp while waiting and got a nice deal for doing so - 6 free cookies with a purchase of $6 or more! I had a hard time choosing from their wide selection and asked the girl to help me choose. There's one cookie that blew my mind. It's a cherry cookie with a cherry in the middle covering in chocolate with pink frosting drizzle. Oh my goodness. My mouth has never been so happy. My taste buds were doing flips. Anyways, all of the cookies were so soft and moist. You won't find a hard or stale cookie here. They're almost like little cake bites. Absolutely delish!If I could, I'd set up a tent right in front of Freed's and live there. I can live off their cookies and cupcakes. For those of you that agree, you're more than welcome to join me.
5	Best customer service and product in town! I highly recommend.
4	Had a yelp coupon for six free cookies when I spend $6 (I think it was $6). Decided to get some cake slices. I recommend the strawberry shortcake, and the Parisian cake. The strawberry cheesecake was pretty good too.
4	I was a huge fan of the old Tropicana location. They did my birthday cakes back in the day when I would come to Vegas to party it up.  I moved to Vegas almost 10 years ago and continued to be a fan.  I love the cake slices, the cookies are not my style but that is just a matter of preference.  They are mostly butter cookies and I am more of a chewy cookie girl.  They have done some great cakes for me, a peanut butter frog cake that was to die for, a huge Sesame Street cake for my sons first birthday.  We used them for pretty much every occasion.  I was lucky enough to win a few of their Facebook contests for gift cards.  That is a cool thing they do so be sure to like them on Facebook.  You might just be the next winner.  Now they only have the new combined Silverado Ranch location.  The new bakery is big and beautiful, sadly the customer service is lacking.  The last few times I have been in I have had not good experiences.  The worst being when I ordered a Chicago Bulls cake for my husbands birthday.  I wanted a smooth, clean cake with just the logo in fondant.  The woman taking my order suggested printing the logo out on a special paper and putting that on the cake.  She said it would look just how I wanted.  That wasn't what I wanted and I should have been more firm but I went with her suggestion.  The inside of the cake was Brown Derby which is an awesome chocolate cake with whipped cream and fresh strawberries, Hubby's fave.  When I went to pick up they cake they couldn't find the cake.  No biggie things happen.  They she "found it" and brought me out a regular brown derby.  I was like um, this isn't my cake and described my cake to her.  She clearly had the order form there and it was written up correctly.  Off she goes, she comes back with the logo on a piece of cardboard, not even cut straight, propped up on the cake, with frosting smeared.  She saw my face and was like you're not happy huh?  I'm like no this isn't my cake.  I was told this was all they could do.  I got a half ass sorry and then they lady just stood their staring at me waiting for me to leave with my ugly cake.  It crossed my mind that maybe I was on some new candid camera type show, I mean there is no way Freed's would actually give me a cake like this?  It was the afternoon of my husbands birthday so I was kinda stuck.  I ended up taking the cake and it quickly became the laughing stock of the night.  It is funny now because the cake was so horrible but at the time I was really upset.  Needless to say I won't be ordering anymore special occasions cake from Freed's.  I feel like they are coasting along on their reputation.  I am happy for their success and growth but wish it didn't come at the cost of everything I love about them.Update:  I am adding a star because I appreciate the owners response.  Max was kind enough to offer to make me another cake (which I declined).  That was very nice.  I will come in to the shop in the future for some cake slices and see how the customer service has improved since I have last been in.  I really hope it has because I miss my favorite bakery.
5	We were on vacation at Vegas celebrating our son's birthday.My 3 year old is a huge fan of the movie 'Finding Nemo'.We pre-ordered an under water themed cake with 'Nemo' on it.The cake looked awesome and my boy was astonished to see his surprise birthday cake.As soon as he saw the cake, he said "it's a Nemo cake".The cake was an awesome piece of art,an absolute delish. The smile on his face said it all.The almond cake tasted extremely good,it was sweet but very light,fluffy and scrumptious.Loved every bite of it.Freed's is a wonderful establishment where you can tell that the people behind it love what they do and put their hearts into it.The service was commendable.We gave orders over phone 12 days before pick up .The person who attended the phone answered all the questions patienly and helped us choose an appropriate cake.We also grabbed a box of assorted cookies and they all tasted great,crunchy and chewy at the same time.Thank you Freed's for making our son's birthday so memorable.
4	ordered my daughter's birthday cake here and it turned out great.  we've also been here a couple times just to pick up dessert.  their cakes are pretty yummy.  they are a locally owned las vegas company, so come check it out!
5	I love this place! AND I'll say it again...I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Where else in town can you go get pretty much any kind of bread, pastry, cake, or cookie under one roof? The custom cakes are beautiful! I've ordered 3 custom cakes in the past and they turn out beautiful each time. I've been coming to Freed's since I was a little girl and it was originally located on Eastern & Trop and I'm so glad it's in my neighborhood again. It can get quite spendy if you get carried away but oh so worth it. Right now my favorite are the coconut macaroons. Take it from me. You'll bring smiles to everyone's faces when you walk in the door with a Freed's box in your hands.
4	Another upgrade...i couldn't understand why this place was rated so high and i had such a mediocre visit. after a very positive interaction with the owner i decided to give 'em another go. glad i did, they deserved it. Maybe everything was a little moister and tastier, or maybe my state of mind was a little better but i had a positive experience.  i will say the wedding cake is very good. it is what you would expect! the place is still clean, still friendly people behind the counter. stop by for a slice if you are in the area. i understand they will do a whole cake for you as well....
3	A bit too expensive and far to go out of my way for. $16ish per pound of cookies is ridiculous. It's great that they have the free half dozen for yelp check ins and are willing to combine it with other deals.
4	They knew whats the real meaning of customer service. I orderred a cake and placed an order fr Cali a week ago and when i picked it up the cake waa not big enough for my party. I told the manager my conversation withe the cake consultant and instead they make up for it. The cake is ao good and look amazing.
5	ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS! I ordered a cake for my daughters 5th birthday,that we celebrated in Las Vegas so I was on a mission to find a great bakery.... And I found it, I ordered over the phone and told Ellia exactly what my daughter had want and when I picked it up ohh my goodness I couldn't believe my eyes just the bakery alone was awesome  it was filled with colorful cookies, cupcakes, cakes, and other yummy deserts, then when they brought out my cake it was absolutely fabulous I was in love with the art work and colors was the best I've seen it was really unique with handmade decorations as well. We were on a birthday trip so I just wanted to order everything it looked so scrumptious, and yummy, it was eye catching with beautiful colors... So my order was a 8"round little mermaid chocolate cake with Bavarian cream filling and it was totally worth it the cake was moist, soft, dense, tasty, and not real sweet...the filling was great also it was like a light whipped/buttercream kind of filling was also awesome very tasty and not too sweets well. I couldn't leave without some snacks I got 1/2lb. Of a mix assortment of cookies I chose m&ms, sprinkles, green mint, lemon, and cinnamon...the m&ms and sprinkle cookies was basically sugar cookies but it was a light sugar cookie not too dense very yummy, the cinnamon was also like a sugar cookie and with chocolate swirl it was very light as well and also yummy, then oh my the green mint cookie was 2 mint chocolate chip cookies with green mint filling it was like a dream so yummy very tasty like sanfrancisco mint ice cream very delicious and also light, then I was drawn to the lemon cookie and it was also a great idea it was soon wonderful I love, love, love it I should have gotten more but it was a lemon filling covered in white chocolate and very soft it was so tasty my mouth is watering as I speak or type but it was all very very delicious cookies! I also got a per pack of chocolate coconut macaroons and it was totally worth every penny I love,love, love it too. Overall this place is wonderful it's worth every penny you spend and the service is soon excellent they make you feel so comfortable very friendly! Thank you Freeds bakery for making my daughter have a wonderful 5th birthday celebration here in Las Vegas and for making such scrumptious deserts!Thanks to Ellia for helping me with my order and just giving such wonderful service I will always make time to stop there at Freeds Bakery on my next vacation! Until next time Aloha
4	I love Freeds. They did my wedding cake and Baby shower cake. Although they got the color sceem incorrect on the wedding cake, it tasted and looked amazing. I explained to them the mistake and they apologized and gave me a discount on my baby shower cake. It was amazing as well. They are always friendly. Whenever a staff member has a Birthday i pick up a cake from Freeds!! Its worth trying!
3	I was in Vegas for a friends farewell party and wanted to order a cake. Freed's bakery had the most amazing options. I ordered a picture cake and it was very well made and worth ordering for parties. Worth trying are the Blackout, Persian and the Tiramisu cakes. My favorite was the blackout. The strawberry shortcake looked good too.The only downside is that they are always busy and if you call-in to place an order, you will be asked to be on hold. Better call them early morning on a weekday :)
4	Great bakery with great prices
4	Upon walking in I was excited. Just like a kid in a candy store. Displays of delicious treats lined up and frosted to perfection is my idea of a good time. I tend to go crazy in bakeries like this and buy a little more than I need but it was worth it. The customer service here is amazing, they answered numerous questions from my friend and I about their products and seemed eager to please. I typically don't tip those in a bakery but the woman who helped us deserved it. She went above and beyond the call of duty and really helped us find what we were looking for. I will be back!
5	Great stuff! I usually not a fan of sweets, but I had an assorted box from them and it was surprisingly addictive.
5	1 of the best bakeries in Las Vegas. I went inside the bakery and was offered cake tasting! It was awesome. I ordered the almond cake with their popular frosting. They can customize your cake to whatever design you want.
1	My son's 3rd birthday is coming up next month and we are doing the Spongebob theme, so I figured I'd look at the Freed's website to see what they had. They had this wonderful looking cake/cupcake picture that would go great with my decorations. In fact, this was the ONLY Spongebob cake on their website I could find under cakes for boys but it would have gone perfectly. So I got in my car this morning to order it, I wanted to go in because we preferred to just have it in a sheet cake and no cupcakes. So I sit down and tell the lady which cake I wanted. She looked on her computer and showed me a cake that was a yellow Spongebob cake with no decorations. I said no, the one I wanted was on their website. So she looked some more and showed me a different one that was similar but much darker that the one on the website, so I told her no, the one I saw was more pastel colors. So then she goes to the website and pulled up the cake I wanted, I said yes that was the right cake. She then proceeded to tell me that the customer who had that cake must have been the ones who brought in the decorations because she had never seen those decorations in the back. She went to the back to check and came back with one, YES ONE, plastic Spongebob figure, and said that's the only decoration they had. So now, not only was I unable to get the cake that I wanted I couldn't even get the other one that had decorations on it.It's very bad business that  they advertised a cake on their website that they couldn't even do and then show me a different cake that they still couldn't even do. And then advertise that they can make any cake happen. Well if you can't even track down Spongebob decorations when I'm giving you more than a month's notice that's pretty bad. I guess they really don't give a crap unless you are spending hundred's of dollars on a cake.
4	Freed's bakery was recommended to me years ago by a friend who bakes, so I knew it would be good. I ordered my son's 1st birthday cake and it was delicious. They were professional and efficient, from taking my order to having my cake as requested on time. I'm pretty sure they aren't the most affordable for cakes, but they are consistent and reliable.Since that time, I've made the occasional visits, although it has been a while. Last time, I walked in to get cupcakes for my son's class and I appreciated that they had traditional flavors and enough of every one, especially since i needed a good bunch. They are always baking and restocking, yet the cupcakes weren't dry. Most of the other cupcakeries I visit only hold a few of each. While I do love other bakeries near me, Freed's will always be on my list of bakeries I know I can count on. They always had a great selections of cakes, cookies, brownies, and anything else your sweet tooth desires. At a reasonable price.FYI: Many times they run a Yelp check-in special. Last one was 6 free cookies with your purchase. Sweet!
4	Love this place!!! Ordered a birthday cake and got a dozen of cookies for free!!!! and Jennifer she was very helpful!!!
5	My darling's 40th birthday took place while we were at the Orleans for Viva Las Vegas. I took cake-hunting for him seriously, as we have some pretty fantastic bakeries in the Portland area.All the silly sculptural leaning-tower cakes, covered in fondant, from brand-after-brand appealing to out of towners didn't interest me.The reviews for Freed's buttercream icing, however, did. We ordered a half-sheet cake, and I delightedly told everyone I was ordering from the best bakery in Las Vegas, with killer reviews for buttercream.On my way to pick up the cake, I had a moment of panic, thinking that it could be terrible, or at least mediocre, and here I built it up and invited EVERYONE.I had nothing to fear. We had ordered German Chocolate filling in a chocolate cake with buttercream frosting. It was a beautiful cake, and frankly - well, it was the best professional cake I have EVER tasted. The German Chocolate filling was creamy and smooth - no strange, overly sweet jelly texture here! The cake was rich and moist.THE BUTTERCREAM WAS HEAVEN.Really. Give me a bowl and a spoon and forgiveness for the fifteen pounds I'll gain eating until I'm sick of it. Whatever you order here, BUY THE BUTTERCREAM.Incidentally, there were cookies to sample when we picked up the cake, every one of them better than the last. I only wish it was here in Portland, OR!
3	Writing an update for Freed's Bakery. The owner Max has been very responsive after my bad experience on 5/3/13. He has gone leaps and bounds to help me get the cake I need for my son's party. I will write another update after the party on how the cake was................................that's if anybody see's it. Seems like my original review was blocked since it no longer shows up when I look for it. Had to actually go under my profile to find it. Very interesting Yelp.
5	Great desserts, cookies, & cake.
5	I was throwing a baby shower for a friend who lives in Las Vegas when I happened upon Freed's website. Everything looked god, so I filled out the online form to get them in touch with me. They called me shortly afterward and helped me choose two flavors I knew the mom-to-be would love and priced my order. It was a little more expensive than I expected, but I went with it because I wanted to make sure we got quality desserts instead of grocery store crap.Fast forward to the day of the shower, and I send some friends to go pick them up while I take care of a few other things. They get back and cannot say enough nice things about the place, how good it smelled, how delicious everything looked, and how hungry they had suddenly become. Even though they weren't specially designed or anything, the cupcakes looked stunning. The mom-to-be was the first to try a cupcake and oh my, she was floored at how good they were! I first had one that was white cake frosted with strawberry buttercream. What I didn't know was that they had used REAL strawberries for the cream! It was completely amazing. The chocolate cupcakes with chocolate buttercream and coconut were every bit as good, too. The next day, my husband decided that we had to check this place out for ourselves. Expecting a crowd, we were quite surprised to be the only guests there on a Sunday morning. But it was exactly as had been described. Very clean, friendly, and the smells were killer. We picked up some desserts to take home with us and now I am just clamoring for the opportunity to get back up to Las Vegas and find an excuse to go back to Freed's Bakery!
5	Great place! Efficient in line and best eclairs in town! Great variety and they are good at making most requests. They even have the challah and rugelach for holidays. Family loves the samples and chocolate covered strawberry deals are always a favorite..... I guess supply and demand can allow them to be expensive Best bakery this side of town
5	Always good, and despite being packed on my last visit, they were prompt and courteous. Yes, they are pricey but you can't compare grocery store cakes with the plethora of yumminess that awaits you when you walk through the door.
3	I got a Freed's cake for my husbands birthday when we first met and remember it was pretty good. it's a few years later and they're in a new location, so I decided to get some cupcakes here for my husbands birthday this year. The price of the cupcakes are pretty comparable to other cupcake shops, but these are smaller. They tasted good but were nothing special, I have had better. We got some free cookies with Yelp check in, they were good but I wouldn't go out of my way to get them.The shop was very busy, I had to take a number and wait my turn, but the wait wasn't long. The staff was very friendly and helpful and made sure I got a sample cookie to eat right there!Their display of cakes and goodies was so tempting I resisted the urge to get more than my plan of cupcakes. Maybe next time!
4	Party was yesterday and cake came out good in looks and taste. The icing and the Bavarian cream were really good and the cake was not dry at all.I won't go to 5 stars since I feel all of the negative stuff could have been avoided if the original lady would have just said "we don't have any decorations but lets look some up on line and see if we can find any for you". Not sure if that's against their policy but it would have made the process a little easier.I would order cakes from Freed's again.
1	I'm perfectly capable of making cake from a cake mix with frosting from scratch.  Most people prefer my cake over anything store-bought, but I wanted to go fancy for my son's graduation.  Freed's was the only bakery that came recommended.I was not impressed with the flavors during the cake tasting.  But again, I wanted something that looked fancy.  We chose the Congratulations Graduate cake which is supposed to look like a scroll.After my son's graduation we went to pickup the cake.  When I first saw it, I couldn't tell what it was that we had ordered.  There was no real shape to the cake.  I kept thinking it looked feminine but I couldn't put my finger on it.  A friend later said it looked like the sideview of a woman's body, "with nipple and everything."  I'm not the type to start a scene but I did catch myself saying "I hope it tastes better than it looks."My son couldn't tell what it was supposed to be.  None of our guests could tell what it was supposed to be.  One guess was "the bottom part of a guitar."  Not only was it not cut properly, the silver foil leaves were missing, and there were no silver ball details.  The black shadowing was different.  I understand it's handmade and not going to be exactly like the picture, but it wasn't even close.  There was no effort or concern put into my cake.   And for the price we paid, I could have easily practiced and produced a much better-looking scroll than the one we picked up.The taste was good, but the frosting was falling off in bricks.  It is more of a shell around the cake and not a part of the cake itself.  As soon as you cut a slice, the frosting falls over like an unsupported wall.
5	We ordered a wedding cake online for our son and daughter in law.  It was a leap of faith!  I was worried how it would come out but had no time to drive there to shop for cakes.  I need not have worried.  The cake was perfect in every way.  The decorating was beautiful and just like the photo online. The cake tasted great.  The frosting was really good.  It was a small wedding and they had a perfect size for small groups.  It was a miniature wedding cake that couldn't have been more perfect.
4	My cake was a dud, but Max rectified the situation.  I feel he was VERY sincere and truly cares about his customers.  That is *so* rare nowadays.  I was very impressed with the lengths he went to to get ahold of me.  Not only did he try to fix the situation, but he asked questions to prevent the same problem from happening again.  That's how businesses used to operate, and that's how they SHOULD operate.  I am quite pleased with the way the situation was handled.
5	My wife and I were getting married in Las Vegas, and due to an unfortunate incident with a bakery we were hopeful about, we were left with three and a half days and no cake.  I called Freed's from our non-local home, and they encouraged me (us) to come in for a tasting once we got into town.  We arrived in Las Vegas, and after checking in, we headed to Freed's.  Here is where the bad things started happening.  I don't care for fruity cakes, so I skipped that, and moved on to what is the best red velvet cake I had ever eaten.  After that, I sampled what is the best _CAKE_ i have ever eaten.  Freed's, you see, is not equipped to ship their wares halfway across the country.  We decided to get cupcakes that were chocolate, and frosted with a half butter-cream/half something awesome, and stuffed with a mousse type filling.  We also got a small cake built with the same materials just for the happy couple, as we like good cake.  This place is awesome, but there is a hidden cost.  I now am rather "meh" about "normal" cake, and Freed's is something like a thousand miles away.  Freed's has pretty much ruined cake for me.  The stuff you'll get here is worth every penny and more, but it is so good, the stuff you eat normally may no longer be good enough for you.
4	I went there yesterday just browsing for a birthday cake for my husband since I didn't order one anywhere. I'm glad they keep lots of the round cakes in stock, not bad for $28.50 we got a white cake, fresh strawberries and whipped cream. We surprised him at home and my husband was happy with the choice! It was my first time purchasing from there and we used the yelp check n to get 6 free cookies with our purchase. My kids of course ate them there! We would definitely go back and try all the other flavors, chocolate cake is on my next list!
4	Freeds Bakery is definitely delicious, their cakes are super moist and they have a big variety on cakes and cookies, they are a bit on the expensive side but so worth it.FYI; when you come here and check in through Yelp, then when you make a $6 purchase they give 6 cookies for free.
3	I called in a week before to order a specialized cake and the day finally came to pick it up!  I was so excited and when I got there, it was not what I wanted.  The picture I had sent in was supposed to cover the entire cake but i only was a 4x6 size print put on the cake. Regardless of the design not being what I wanted, they had great service and the cake tasted amazing (we had red velvet)!  Because I was not fully happy with my product they gave me 6 extra cookies for free!  They were very pricey, thats my only real complaint!  $50 for a small round cake was a lot but I guess well worth it in the end. They have a large selection of cake and frosting flavors along with a lot of different cookies to pick from. They have a separate area for cake ordering where you can scroll through books of designs and flavors!
4	Want wedding cake slices... Check.  Want helpful service... Check.  Want some sugar free pastries.... Check.  The cakes were not soaked heavily with simple syrup... The butter teams were light and airy... The chocolate filling was very filling... And the sugar free stuff was on hand just in case you needed it!
2	We had the Black Forest cake. The frosting was not sweet, but it did not have any flavor. The cake tasted as if had come out of a Betty Crocker box, had an after taste and the middle was too sweet. I'll keep looking for a bakery for our birthdays and special occasions. My kids ordered the ice cream sandwich and did not finished it because it was too sweet. It is sad that most bakeries replace flavor with sugar anymore.
5	Hey my wife is the crazy cat lady - minus the hoarding and turning the house into a cat toilet. Why is this important? Cause it was her birthday and I asked for a cat cake. With two cats going pee on the top of the cake. The maestro's at Freed's did an killer job decorating the cake in a "crazy cat theme". It tasted damn good too. Thanks Freeds!
5	Best Strawberry Cheesecake in Las VegasHands down best in the city. I make it a point when i'm in town to get a slice. their cookies are great too.
5	Got my daughters first birthday cake here! I forgot the lady who helped me but she was super sweet and helpful! I ordered the cake with the silver/pink crown on it with the wand on the side. I ordered a cake that was big enough to feed 15-20 ppl. This cake could've fed 25 ppl easily! It was huge and heavy! It took two of us to carry it! Everyone loved the strawberry cake! It was a bit pricey but i expected it! I mean look at the picture on their yelp profile. Its beautiful!
5	LOVE LOVE this Bakery!!! Every Time, I Visit them Its great!! just wanting to Give them a Shout Out!!! You Guys Rock!
1	Man, this place sucks so much haha!  I had such a horrible experience.  I went in, and every customer is confused because they didn't know that they had to take a number to pay for things.  I waited a long time until I found out I had to take a number.  I was there for about fifteen minutes, all I wanted was a cookie.  I left.  No one asked if I needed help, no one greeted me, or said thanks for coming.  It was like no one cared.  Horrible customer service.
1	Very disappointed! I spent $55 on a sugar free cake and they even could not get me a box fit the size of the cake. The lid can not be closed because of the strawberries on the cake. That is what they told me! What can I do when I am on my way to this important party!:(
5	Yelp helped me to find this bakery and boy was this a great find! My husband found a cake he wanted to duplicate for our son Cahuna's 1st bday party, it was a half sheet wave cake. (I called and spoke to several bakeries and I wasn't convinced when I spoke to their reps that their bakery could pull it off) I spoke w/a rep named Janie Baker. Her professionalism to ease my concerns is what impressed me. I scheduled a cake tasting and when we arrived I was 110% convinced that I was choosing the right bakery. There were 2 sides of the store each separating the other for appointments and the actual bakery (we received a box of cookies free since we made a purchase) #Smart They work w/your budget and not only did our cake look good but it tasted just as good! We will definately be back.
4	I visited Freeds on Monday, Labor Day of this year. I went for a wedding cake consultation. I must admit, I was very pleased with my overall experience at Freeds. The ladies were very helpful; they had pre-made cake tasting plates for guests and myself. They explained every flavor and didn't make us feel rushed. They explained the details and seemed very confident in their product. The cakes tasted very good. My favorite was the lemon. Their buttercream icing was a little too butter-based (as opposed to lard-based) and was presented cold, so it was almost like straight butter. Ultimately, we went with another cake company, but Freeds came in a close second. They did give us a free dozen cookies just for stopping by, and though I can't recall which cookies I got, they were ALL VERY DELICIOUS!
5	Absolutely the best cakes anywhere!!Nothing is better than wedding cake and here you can get it by the slice.   Every time we go to Vegas it is not a complete with a stop at Freeds Bakery.  We used to go to the old location but the "new" one is much better.  The store is much larger plus a special room for wedding cakes.Speaking of wedding cakes...a while back we had our wedding in Vegas and yes, we had them make ours for our wedding and it was awesome!   The do all styles of wedding cakes...our was a fun Vegas-themed cake with giant dice on top!  Not only was the cake amazing but the folks at Freeds Bakery made it so easy for us.   Since we live in LA, everything was done on the Internet and over the phone.  Picked out the type of cake, style of cake, made small changes to fit us and they took care of everything.  They even delivered it to Paris hotel and help set up making sure it was perfect.   Thank you!!!
2	Eh, I guess I'm not that impressed. Service was non-existent if borderline awful. I absolutely hate when I am the first to say hello or make eye contact. Chalk it up to working for both Mickey Mouse and Steve Wynn--or maybe just chalk it up to being a good person. The free cookies with Yelp check in were...weird. They tasted like they had an inordinate amount of Crisco or some weird oily crap in each bite. They left a weird coating in my mouth and did not entice me to come back. The cannoli were alright, but again somehow weirdly mouth-coating.With all the other sweet treats around LV I can't say I'll be back...I'm not sure what all the fuss is about.
4	Very good cake. Not too sweet and very moist. Would definitely come back to get more!
5	The cakes are amazing! The Staff is wonderful.. I will always return here for all my special occasions.
3	This place has many shining reviews so I won't waste time with WHY you should go here and try it because obviously there are many reasons to visit. I will say that I can't give this place 5 stars because the service providing was lacking. We were helped by someone who clearly didn't want to be at work that night. She was impatient and rushed me thru the process. I came specifically to get my hands on a slice of wedding cake and of course they were SOLD OUT. Problem is she was not able to suggest what I should try in its place and she didn't do anything but stand there essentially tapping her foot until I made up my mind.I ended up not ordering anything which is ironic since it was my idea to check this place out but my Mom got a slice of Red Velvet, My daughter got a Cannoli and my son got cookies. We also go another slice of cake but off the top of my head I cannot remember what it was yet it was a hit as well. Cool thing is if you check in on yelp or make a social media comment you get cookies for free so be sure to do that when you arrive. They have it posted.I tried the Cannoli and I will admit it was DELICIOUS and the Red Velvet slice tasted awesome as well. Yet back to the poor service we weren't offered plates for our items even when we stated we were eating it here. When I went back to the counter requesting some we received them but it was not helpful.Good Quality products with not the best quality service which always makes me scared when its time to order cakes. I am not 100% counting them out as I love a beautiful cake for events but I need 5* service if im going to throw down big bucks for birthday cakes lol..
5	The frozen ice cream sandwiches are bomb!
1	Totally screwed up my entire cake! I designed a cake with one of their consultants or whomever an had something amazing drawn out. I was very specific. Woman acted like she understood and threw in her ideas as well. I come to pick up cake hours before the birthday and it was terrible whoever their design team is they need to go elsewhere...like Krispy Kreme....more their speed and skill level. The colors were wrong, the fondant pieces were wrong, just terrible. They're supposed to be the best in town....smh
5	Just got off the phone to order our wedding cake. I did a lot of research because frankly I don't care what it looks like as long as it tastes good! I ended up going with Freeds honestly because the customer service over the phone was unbeatable. I spoke with both Nancy and Ellie and both treated me as if I were the only one ordering a cake. So very helpful and bent over backwards to make sure I had what I wanted. The price was unbeatable as well. I am positive I'll be just as impressed with the taste as I was the customer service!!
3	They have a wide variety of sweets. Although they are crazy expensive. The staff was not that friendly. The gelato is delicious.
4	Very delicious treats!  The first time I tried something from here was a delicious cake my cousin had specially made for his B day, sooo good! Today I had the opportunity to try their many cookies and soon individual slices of cake. . I know I will not be disappointed. .hehe Think I will have a special Cake made next special occasion!
5	They did my wedding cake *cough cough* a few years ago (like 12).  It was lovely and I remember it happily.  More importantly, it's a great bakery to take the kids for a special treat.  They always have a wide variety of cookies.  The other pastries are nice, too.  In the summer, we love to get the handmade ice cream sandwiches.  The last time we were there, my daughter opted for the gelato.  She really loved it!  I had a mini eclair.  It was just the right amount of delicious.  I follow them on their facebook page in hopes that one day I will win one of the cake giveaways....dare to dream!
4	Freed's Bakery did my wedding cake in October of this year. Because we were having a destination wedding in Las Vegas, we weren't there ahead of time to do a tasting. I feel like a tasting would have solved the one problem we had with our cake. It was 3 layers and we did different flavors on each. The top was chocolate cake with cherry filling, which was wrapped up and put in the freezer, so I can't really review that. The middle layer was their almond cake with amaretto mousse filling and it was absolutely to die for. Far and away the crowd pleaser. I'm normally not a big fan of white cakes however this one was so moist and flavorful. Definitely not your average white/vanilla. The bottom layer was chocolate with what they call Bavarian cream. Now my husband and I would definitely have to disagree with that. When we think Bavarian cream we think of soft creamy gooey filling, almost like what you fill a donut with. What they gave us was buttercream frosting. We were pretty unenthused about that and what was left after the guests ate their fill got tossed because we were not impressed. The chocolate cake was moist and delicious but it was just very plane and boring with such a thick layer of plain buttercream in the middle. The cake was decorated beautifully and was delivered on the early side of their timeslot that they specified. All and all it was a great experience and I would order a cake from them again. I would just make sure to avoid the Bavarian cream and get extra of the almond cake as everyone was raving about it!
5	Our wedding cake/ cupcakes were AMAZING!  The flavors were perfect! It looked exactly like the website photos and the customer service was great! Highly recommend them for special occasions!
3	I really wanted to like Freeds and I'm sure I'll give them another chance, but I can only comment on first impression.Growing up an Italian New Yorker, I've been spoiled by great bakeries. 99% of them carry rainbow cookies, which are my favorite. I can NEVER find them anywhere else, so imagine my and my husbands excitement to see them here, right? Sadly, the cookies we got are not rainbow cookies. These were really moist with hard chocolate and pink orange and yellow mildly fruity layers that tasted a bit artificial. We were pretty disappointed.Their cakes, however look amazing as well as their pastries, so I will try again, I just wish their rainbow cookies worked out. I also took off a star due to the girl at the counter being rude and uninterested in the customer. My friend and I both had to repeat our orders several times simply because she wasn't paying attention. We all have off days, but like I said, I can only comment on first impression.
2	I am a future bride from out of state. I contacted Freed's a few months ago & laid down the beginnings of my cake. When I called to finalize details & get pricing the associate who answered the phone did not have access to my order because the cake maker I spoke with was not in for the day. I guess she had my file with her belongings. I left a message, but never got a return phone call. Days later I called again & spoke with who I thought was the manager, who stated the cake maker would not be in for a few more days. I asked to start my order over with a cake maker who was present. She took my name & number and asked me to email my design over. Someone was supposed to call me later that afternoon. I never heard back. So I went with Drago Sisters Bakery instead. To seal my frustration, I called to speak to someone about canceling my order & got Freed's after hour message on a Monday at 5pm.Its a shame I'm so angry. I'm sure their cake is delicious, but if they can't even take an over the phone order I definitely don't want to chance them screwing up my wedding cake,Better luck next tine Freed's.
5	Bought the red velvet cake last year for a friend who is a red velvet fanatic - she had never had a sweet from Freed's - she was blown away!  Thanks for helping me knock that one out of the park.  Freed's round cakes are nicely priced.
5	Just ordered my parent's 50th wedding anniversary cake - excellent service! And of course had to pick up some cookies and Chip Chillers (which I'm proud to say I named through their contest last year)!
3	I don't know if it's the holiday season or what but customer service is lacking here. Went in today and took a number. I waited patiently to be called and the man behind the counter started helping someone who'd come in after me. I asked politely if he'd called a number and he said he had but no one answered, which was a flat out lie. He wouldn't tell me which number he called and replied, "well which number do you have?" When I told him my number he just said "oh, sorry" and continued helping the customer who came in after me, who didn't even have a number. There are lots of places where customer service isn't lacking this time of year so I left and went elsewhere for sweets. I do like the pastries here but between the high prices for cookie platters and rude service I think it'll be a while before I return.
4	Cupcakes, wedding cakes, birthday cakes, COOKIES!  Oh my.   I came into Freed's on a mission for cupcakes, but I walked out with a whole heck of a lot more.  I was lured in by their generous Yelp check in offer for free cookies with minimum purchase, so clearly, I had to buy enough to get the free cookies, right?!  Right. I settled on the lemon berry cake slice, chocolate cherry cupcake, and my freebies: lemon cake cookies and cherry chocolate cookies.  I had the cookie bag open before the car was even started to drive away - heavenly!  The cherry chocolate cookies were a cake-like version of a cordial cherry.  The lemon cake cookies were mini lemon bar goodness.  The cake slice was also out of this world.  Moist, full of flavor - perfection.  Service was happy and prompt, and their store was beautiful.  They had lots of special occasion cakes displayed around, and it's clear they do beautiful work!
4	Freeds did my baby shower cake, which tasted delicious! And was quite cute too ;) I also won 4 Chip Chillers via Facebook over the summer and Max the owner was great and very helpful...BUT...  I have gone in there a couple times since then to get my three year old son a special treat and have walked out twice. The service behind the counter is not up to standards in my opinion. Yes, they were assisting customers but a simple 'hello, welcome to Freeds, we will be with in a moment', would have made to wait a bit longer.  Of course I will order more special occasion cakes from Freeds but would like the customer service to be stepped up a bit.
4	I've been a fan of Freed's since their old location on Tropicana/Eastern. It has been my go-to bakery for years when I need a cake for a friend's birthday, baby shower, bridal shower, etc. I haven't had all of their cakes, as I am a creature of habit and tend to order the same cake. The Brown Derby. It's my favorite. Chocolate cake, with whip cream in between layers filled with strawberrys. I love the cookies here as well, my favorites have to be the cake cookies that are on the top shelf of the cookie case. The chocolate cake cookies reminds me of a ding-dong, runner up is the cherry cake cookie, lemon cake cookie and the turtle cake cookie. Lots of treats available, Russian Tea cookies, Rugelach, Rainbow cookies, Macaroons, Cannolis, Tarts, Cream Puffs etc. They also have event cakes and cupcakes, as well as chocolate covered strawberrys themed for the bride & groom that are adorable.
5	Yesterday I went in looking for a cake for my sisters birthday, and I walked out with a cake, some eclairs, and a brownie :) the lady that helped me was indeed very helpful and patient as it took me a while to choose the cake. I got the perasian chocolate cake which was a hit after dinner!! It was so soft and flavorful, and the whipped chocolate cream was perfect!! Needless to say everything I got was amazing! I'm definitely coming back !
5	They have done three birthday cakes for me.  The best buttercream in town.  So moist.  And being able to customize a cake to the individual's likes makes it a super special birthday celebration.  Thanks for making me look like a hero Freeds.
3	My wife loves these cupcakes and swear it's the best she ever had, but I was pretty underwhelmed. I mean, the frosting was good, the cake was moist but, it wasn't what I was looking for. I like a sugary/buttery cupcake and this wasnt it. My wife dismissed it as I don't know what a cupcake is supposed to be. Maybe so, but I think I'll keep searching.
2	1st time here and my gosh so very pricey...I couldn't even use any of the discounts they offered online or in Yelp. These $25 cupcakes better be good & worth it. :-/ Bad service & advertisement.
3	After I listed my comment, the owner contacted me and apologized via email. Being a busy bride I didn't have the time to make contract. We still ended up going with another bakery, but it was nice to know that they tried to correct the issues.
4	The last minute searching birthday cake for the next day and found this website. Next day bought the round chocolate cake. It was great with the friendliness of the staff plus the cake was moist and the sweetness just balance.
2	I was not impressed by Freed's. They make amazing looking cakes and perhaps should change their name to reflect that specialty. Their selection of baked goods is only a smidgen above a school bake sale. Most of the case display shows simple cookies that you can get from a supermarket. I asked if they ever make macarons and it seemed very foreign to them. We came in to pick up some fresh fruit tarts and although they looked pretty and the fruit was fresh and firm, the filling was a huge disappointment. It tasted like it was mostly shortening and left a strange film after eating. The cookie part tasted like the Danish butter cookies you get from a tin. None of us took more than a couple bites of it before throwing it away. What a waste. I don't get the hype on this place for anything more than pretty looking cakes.The upside is the friendly service.
5	Who can resist not going in here!!Cookies, cakes, cupcakes, brownies, ice cream between two cookies Need I say more?I have not come in here yet and not liked what I purchased. The staff is always helpful and nice even if they are super busy. They will even let you taste a cookie to see if you like it or not. My opinion the Carrot Cakes they do are the best and always moist with a cream cheese type frosting.This is a must try!! They are open 7 days a week but, I do believe they close early on Sundays.
3	I wish I would really love this bakery since it's close to my house and I LOOOVVEEEE deserts but unfortunately it failed to impress. I actually ordered a cake here for my boyfriends birthday and it was beautiful, it was made to my liking and the manager is extremely nice and accommodating but the cake was... eehhh.  I ordered a specialty cake, it was shaped and decorated as a basketball. Though the cake looked great, it didn't taste like it. The 50/50 icing tastes very generic, it tastes like it's out of a container from a shelf in a supermarket. Now I did come in ahead of time and sampled several of cakes to make my decision. I think I would like the cake better if I picked different icing. The M&M cookies are pretty good, other cookies are ok... Gelato is ok, tiramisu.... I had better. All in all, the bakery isn't bad but I did not have anything I craved after.
5	Cream cheese frosting they make is delish! My employer even orders their cupcakes from this bakery
4	Items selected:Assorted Cookies (Cat's Tongue, Marzipan, Walnut, Pecan, Chocolate Walnut, Butter, Nut Crispy)Sourcream Cake SampleTiramisu SliceWedding Cake SliceRed Velvet CupcakeCarrot Cake CupcakeCrispy Chocolate RollHaving arranged for an eight person Family Style lunch extravaganza at nearby Montesano's Eateria it seemed somewhat illogical to visit highly praised Freed's either before or after but having read stellar reviews of the 30-time winner of "Best Local Bakery" it seemed equally irrational to pass up the chance; "just a few cookies" I told myself...though this was clearly not how the story would end, the combination of sweets, samples, and stellar service amounting to a takeaway baker's dozen selections for $17.  Arriving early to find the store empty save for a couple undergoing a wedding cake consultation in the side room it was to a duo of clerks that I arrived and with the head baker bringing items fresh from the back the aroma was intoxicating even before I was gifted a soft piece of cake and a dipped cat's tongue cookie - the rest taken to go and consumed in part before, and in part after lunch.  Speaking first to the cookies, free thanks to a Yelp check-in, aside from the two small bars it was to servers that I deferred and with each good and the Marzipan outstanding I had high expectations for the rest, only the slightly 'dry' Red Velvet anything less than impressive - the Wedding Cake Slice far better than any special occasion cake I've been subjected to with supple layers of cream surrounding soft vanilla cake, and the warm crispy chocolate roll speckled in Belgian-style pearl sugar a well-layered and buttery delight, far better than any 'pain au chocolate' I've found stateside to date.
2	I tried a slice of lemon cake; it tasted very artificial...kind of pinesol-ish. Definitely not homemade. I also tried a few cookies that were OK, nothing to get too excited about.
5	I am going to go ahead and update my review to 5 stars for two reasons. First reason being right after I placed my three star review I received a email wanting to hear what exactly went wrong and who helped me. It means ALOT to me that a business cares about what their customers experience is. Second reason is the baked goods all on their own kept me coming back a few different times .I am in love with the wedding cake they offer and my family loves the red velvet.I decided to order my 30th birthday cake from here. It is a bit of a drive from where I am located so I had not gotten a cake for either of my kids bdays back in October or November but let me just say I highly doubt I will buy a cake from anywhere else AGAIN.  I called a little less then a week in advance to place my cake order. The lady taking my request was super friendly and helpful. She even recommended I get a smaller cake when she heard it was mainly just for myself and my kids . Since I was getting a Disney Frozen themed cake I wanted the larger size for photos but the fact that they aren't trying to upsell made me happy.I can't even tel you how BEAUTIFUL my cake turned out. Just check out the photos. I couldn't of asked for anything better. It has so much detail and beauty and the price point was VERY affordable for what I got. I have ordered cakes from all the Big Box grocers and spent anywhere from 25-40. My cake from Freeds was $55 but guess what? it not only looks 10x better then any of the other cakes but it also TASTES SO delicious. I also appreciate the fact they KNOW how to box the cake so it doesnt get messed up! My wedding cake filling was delicious fresh strawberries and delicious flavor. I am going to have a hard time sharing any of it!
5	Ordered the sweetheart cake special for Valentines Day after seeing it on Facebook. Called to order during the week and received great service over the phone. I had never been to Freed's before but heard great things. I normally try to avoid venturing out that way, especially considering I live on the west side of town and I had to pick up the cake after work (during rush hour). I made it there in great time but then it took me 40 minutes to get home :(Anyway... back to Freed's. Excellent service from the staff at the store. They have their system down and they are fast and friendly. A beautiful selection of cakes, cookies, gelato and other baked goods are available. Picked up my cake and couldn't resist getting a black and white cookie.... and 6 free cookies with my Yelp check-in of course.Black and white cookie was pretty good. The frosting was a bit different than others I'm accustomed to but it was tasty nonetheless.Fiancee loved the cake... and it was delicious. Ordered a simple cake with vanilla cake, bavarian filling and buttercream frosting. It was light and baked just right.I would love to frequent Freeds but due to it's location and my lack of a desire to drive out there... it will probably only be once in a blue moon.
5	I love there chocolate covered strawberries.. they are the best. Will be back for birthday cakes
5	My family have been going to freeds since I can't remember. Every birthday , holiday ect... And just for fun. We love freeds. There is nothing I can say except we love it.
1	Their cakes may taste great but don't do a custom order for a birthday cake unless you want something generic, which isn't really custom at all. My cake looked like shit. Happy birthday from freeds. Fuck you. Sorry I couldn't give you less than one star.
2	I'm kind of on the fence about how many stars to give.  Freed's did the wedding cake for my wedding, which tasted awesome but the service end of it was just terrible!The wife and I were planning a destination wedding so we really didn't have the luxury of coming back to re-do anything.  If there was something we needed to taste or do it had to be done in one trip.  Freed's Bakery is the one that was provided to us by our venue and my family has picked many cakes from Freed's before for birthdays when we visit Las Vegas.  So when I heard Freed's would be doing our wedding cake I was all excited!!!!!So my wife worked it out and informed them that we would be showing up for our cake tasting, she had also informed them that she was allergic to chocolate.  So we show up and it seemed to me that neither of the two ladies in the wedding section wanted to help us.  We ended up sitting down with Jayme, the beginning of the downward spiral.  She brought out cake samples which had chocolate on it, problem #1.  We were given a binder of cake pictures in which we could look at and choose a style that we liked but we had also brought in pictures of cakes that we liked.  They weren't complicated cakes, but we were told that it would be an upcharge of $300-400 for any of our cake pictures that we had brought in.  She also seemed more interested in chatting with the other workers there than actually dealing with us.  Another thing that irked me was while we were talking about things she received a personal call on her cell phone.  She picked it up and proceeded to talk about what was going to be for dinner and hung up.  Perhaps I'm expecting too much professionalism but I feel in a business setting, meeting with clients, personal calls shouldn't be taken while you are actually talking to them.  So we left not feeling too good about this bakery we had loved so much.So we ended up telling our venue coordinator about what happened and she gets on the horn and  then informs us that Freed's will do our cake that we wanted with no upcharge.  YAY!About a month before the wedding we got our own cake stand and cake topper.  So my wife calls Freed's and gets Jayme....again.  First she starts off saying they don't have her order on file, which they did.  Then she starts giving her attitude about using our own cake stand instead of renting theirs and then other crap about other stuff.  So my wife ends up talking to Max and he gets it done.  Thank god we only have to deal with this lady a few times because this was getting a little out of hand.  I'm not one to tell people how to do their job but you work in a wedding department and you have the worst customer service ever maybe it's time to re-evaluate things.  So the wedding day comes and we get our cake, which tasted good and is the only thing that saved this review from a 1 star.  If we didn't have to go through someone else every single time to get things done this would have easily been a 5 star review.
1	I'm just gonna say it: I am not a fan of the service here. I gave this place all year to get better, but I was in today to pick up a birthday cake and again: rude service. Obviously, service is not a priority here. I do like the pastries (can't say love...) and the cakes we have ordered from here have been good, but the service here kills me. I understand Freeds is a small scale icon here in Vegas, but the people that work here KNOW it and are routinely pretty rude. The "take a number" system here just reinforces that. They act like you can't get a nice cake anywhere else (yes, you can) and treat patrons like a number. I won't continue to patronize Freeds anymore. Service is so important, and I'm tired of being let down.
5	Lightest, fluffiest cupcakes I've ever eaten. It was like biting into a cloud. Thank goodness this bakery is on the other side of town.  Otherwise I'd be there everyday.
3	Recently, my husband and I got our wedding cake through Freed's as provided by our venue. I would give the service 1 star, but the actual cake on the day of our wedding was delicious and for that I give the flavors 5 stars. I had endless issues with this bakery during our original tasting, and almost nixed having a wedding cake entirely! Just about everything that you can think of going wrong, did. However, in the end we were able to work things out with Max and I could not have been happier with the cake that was delivered on the day of our wedding. I would say to be 100% clear and forward with your vision when you come to this bakery, and to stand your ground about what you want. Don't be afraid to speak up!
5	Freed's is hands down THE best bakery in Vegas, and my personal fave! Every time I'm in Vegas visiting family, I make a point to pick up some yummy goodness to take home with me. I'm so glad I live closer (relatively) now.
4	Had a craving for a slice of cake and Freed's helped me satisfy it!  Their Russian Tea Cookies are pretty amazing as well!
5	1 cake rocks my universe. Almond white cake with buttercream icing. You cant go wrong!
5	What can I say about freeds that people should already !! They never fail to amaze! Always delivering spectacular cakes for every occasion!
5	This bakery has the best desserts! I love their tiramisu and Napoleon. It's the best that I've had in town and even though I live 20-30 minutes away I would still come all the way down here to get all my sweets. The place is small and a little hard to find, but it is worth the struggle finding this place!
2	Well, I returned to give this place another shot.. I must say the cake was amazing. The customer service is still poor. The ladies placing the cake orders do not like customers. The girls on the registers are slow, they tend to walk around looking lost. I placed my order and returned 2 days later and the staff was still poor. So A 5 for the cake and -4 for the staff!!! Shame on you!!!!
4	Freed's Bakery made ordering a custom cake a breeze! It was a week before my friends and I would be going to vegas to celebrate a birthday. They made a delicious red velvet cake and delivered it to the restaurant w/ no hiccups!We ordered a red velvet cake w/ irish bailey filling and butter cream frosting. The cake was so moist, the girls and I devoured it.thanks for everything!
3	Good hours... So many bakeries close too early.I liked the cookies, but the price per pound seemed a little expensive.  The small cake slices were well priced though.  Chocolate blackout cake was excellent, but I did not like the red velvet cake.  It was recommended and usually an easy crowd pleaser but I've had much better.  I didn't try the red velvet cupcake, but I'm tempted to skip it.  I ordered 2 cake slices and a little over a dozen cookies.  Total was $17.Service was decent, nothing special but efficient.  The weren't the friendliest but they weren't rude.  I wish the prices were posted next to the things.  I know the cakes are the same price, but it would be so much easier.  Instead I felt like I was asking for prices on everything.  I only asked for prices on the cakes and chocolate covered strawberries, but I'd rather not have to.
5	Freed's provided my wedding cake.. With the Las Vegas as a destination wedding for our 80 guests, we chose the Viva Las Vegas cake. Now, I assumed it would just be a cute cake fitting the theme but I clearly underestimated Freed's. The picture did not do it justice.. sure, the cake was cute but it was also BEAUTIFUL.. It somehow sparkled and was absolutely stunning! Matched to its beauty was the taste.. I'm glad I ordered larger than I needed because my guests were requested seconds and thirds of the cake even though there were other desserts served at the reception. I'm so thrilled! My favorite comment on the cake came from my brother.. I had asked him if he liked my cake.. he said he didn't see it.. I pointed it out and he said "Oh wow..I thought that was a beautifully wrapped present" and then he questioned me that it was really a cake..So cute!
5	Fantastic place. Great customer service. And the baked goods are perfection in every bite! Bring the family,order a cake, or just grab a coffee and cookie! Don't think twice about any decision, you won't go wrong.
3	We had an issue with one of their cakes. The manager was very apologetic and offered to replace our cake and refund our cake. Though I was disappointed with the cake issue, the manger handled the matter well.
5	I was planning a 60th birthday party for my husband in Las Vegas. I wanted a really special cake for this occasion and I discovered Freed's website. I pored over the countless photos of amazing cakes and then called Nancy at Freed's for more information. She was incredibly patient and helpful. After two weeks deliberating over my many choices, I chose the "Big Money" Las Vegas theme cake. I then called Nancy back to customize the number of layers, flavors and icing. The cake was then delivered to the restaurant where we were celebrating. It was absolutely awesome! Not only did it look fabulous, the taste was out of this world. My husband loved it and the cake was a huge success. Thanks so much to Nancy and Freed's for a wonderful experience! I can't recommend them highly enough.
4	This place is awesome. I come here a lot to get little pastries but decided to leave this review because I got an awesome Easter cake from them! The cakes are delicious and beautiful. They are a little pricey but worth it. U are getting a beautiful cake that also tastes great and is very moist. Their Bavarian cream is delicious! My first time having it was through them and now it's my favorite
4	Great cake and desserts only wish the price was less.
4	I stopped by Freed Bakery for cupcakes for AUTISM. Right off the top big shout out too the owner for not only stepping up for such great cause (dollar for cupcake! really nothing better then dollar cupcakes plus knowing that it all went too TACA) but giving back too your community. It something that all business owners should try too do if possible. You won Sugi heart right off the top with such thoughtful gesture. Not only too support great cause but family because know great kid autistic. Still has biggest smile and buying over dozen cupcakes was a honor in life. Since it was cupcakes for Autism they had three different selection too choose from and min of six too order. I was all for because planning on getting dozen or more. I got the equal amounts of each one. My favorite was the red velvet cupcake. I am pushover comes too most if not all things red velvet. I really liked the flavor, moist, and just right. The frosting fell little short on all the cupcakes. I thought that could have had more flavor. maybe more sweet, or something cause just tasted ok. Not sure since it was special but still for dollar really nothing much too complain about peeps. It all went too great cause!!! I liked the fact that when you check in you get six free cookies. I agree with previous reviews that the cookies are relatively small no matter what cookie you choose. Still looking at the selection too choose from nothing too complain about. I had the m&m cookie and lemon butter cookie or something like it. The whole experience brought back found memories of growing up going too bakery back home.. You would pull number wait till number call. During that time looking at the displays of all delicious pastries, cakes, cookies, and thinking dessert heaven. Or when kid thinking that the birthday cake you want. They even have section of gelato too choose from too. The smell is amazing when you walk in all the desserts made daily. Unfortunately only had chance too try the cupcakes but no doubt plan on coming back too try more tasty treats again.The service was great. All the ladies behind the counter friendly, nice, and another thing love the way they packed everything. Very efficient and never have worry about time get home the artwork still the same.
5	I ordered the red velvet cake, so so good! I was in Las Vegas celebrating my 30th birthday and, being from Los Angeles, didn't have a way to transport a cake. So, I splurged a bit and called and ordered from Freed's. They delivered in more than enough time to the restaurant I was having dinner at, and even called to let me know the cake had made it there safely.If you need a cake for any occasion in Las Vegas, I highly recommend this place! I love Porto's here in Southern California, and even my friend who was in Vegas with me said their red velvet was better than Porto's! That's saying a lot. Thanks, Freed's!
5	Had an absolutely perfect Vegas wedding cake from Freed's for our wedding on April 12th, 2014.  Looked exactly like the pictures on line and tasted even better.  Would absolutely recommend Freed's and would order from them again!!
5	Ordered my husbands grooms cake from here. Delivered to the wedding venue. The cake was awesome!! Thank you so much!
5	Excellent selection of cookie's price is right spending $60 dlrs on cheat day priceless .
1	I was so excited about going to this place. I'm new to the area, just moved from out of state and I went here bc of the reviews... But the service was really shitty. The girls working there were great but the old man working the counter was pushy n rude. He wanted me to hurry up and order. For being my first time there I wanted to buy one of everything but with him rushing me I lost my appetite!!!!! Would not recommend this place. Pregnant woman need time to order!!!!
4	Nice bakery across from Freddy's steak burgers and custard place in Silverado park center. It's spacious than previous location. If you check-in on Instagram or yelp or Facebook spend $6 to get 6 free cookies. The Parisian chocolate cake is good w/ lots of mousse, the cookies are good too.
5	I came here to pick  up a dozen cupcakes for my friend's birthday. Freed's has been on my list for a while because I have always known about their famous cakes growing up in Vegas. My brother has also brought their cookies home a couple times and I fell in love with them. I finally had an excuse to stop by their shop so I could grab a dozen cupcakes for my friend's birthday. It was a very pleasant experience. I went in around 10AM on a Wednesday. The place wasn't busy since it was just an hour passed their opening time. I assumed they get slammed because they have "Take a Number" dispenser at the entrance.  I was greeted by the staff and a very polite woman helped me with my order. I wish I knew her name because she was very kind and attentive. She helped me pick out the dozen cupcakes I needed and the six free cookies (yelp check-in deal). I got an assortment of cupcakes: 4 vanilla, 2 oreo, 1 peanut butter, 2 strawberries and cream, 2 red velvet, and 1 carrot.  I asked the lady if I could have a happy birthday sign on the cupcakes sign and the gentleman working on a cake behind her said it wouldn't be a problem. When I brought the cupcakes to my friend's birthday dinner, everyone asked where I got them from because "it tasted so good and homemade. It couldn't be store bought" (like a grocery store bakery). The red velvet and carrot cupcakes were on point. I wish I was able to try all of them myself but of course; sharing is caring.lolFreed's is a Vegas must...Go Go GO!
2	I came here today and was quite frustrated. I booked my son's birthday at the Discovery Museum and I was excited to hear that Freed's was gonna be the bakery that came with the package. I do event design on the side and I am very meticulous, very particular with cakes and pay great attention to detail. That being said, I already had an idea of how I want my son's cake to look like. I showed the girl the picture of how I want my son's cake to be and she started telling me that they can't do this & that and pretty much all the detail I liked!!! The design I wanted wasn't even that complicated at all! It's fondant but I wasn't even asking for a fondant Lightning McQueen or anything like that! It's a Disney Cars themed party. I have always ordered cakes exactly to my liking from Drago's Sisters every time I do an event. I guess I was expecting more from Freed's but felt like it's more commercialized than personalized. She showed me a picture of a Disney Cars cake they've done before but how is that custom if I have to pick from what they have in a book?!?! I left the store feeling frustrated because now I don't know if I have to rethink the design. I guess I've never felt like I have to settle for a cake design before. I expected too much from this bakery and I guess I just have to settle for whatever design they could do. I couldn't believe it at all! :(
5	Really sublime cakes.  Not too sweet and made with the freshest ingredients.  I got a slice of german choc and strawberry shortcake.  So good.  The cookies are all fantastic too and when you check in you get 5 free cookies.  Great deal.  I ONLY WISH they had bread.  I drove to Vegas from LA and went straight here.  I had visions of a Jewish Rye, but alas, it wasn't to be.  Oh well, still great cakes.I am a baker and so I have high standards.  Case in point, I can't stand Porto's cakes  ( I live in SoCal).  There fillings are very artificial tasting and gloppy.  I thought the two cakes slices I tasted blew PORTO's out of the water.  The cookie's were sublime too, especially the rainbow cakey cookie.
5	Freed's has a nice selection of cookies, cakes, pastries, desserts,  gelato and ice cream cookie sandwiches all at a reasonable price. There were soooo many things that we wanted to try.  I ended up getting an eclair... omg It was so good!! My 8 year old niece described the filling In the eclair as heaven. Everything we tried was delicious! :) The bakery is clean and spacious. The girl who helped us was extremely helpful & friendly. They are worth the 30+  minute drive and we will definitely be back :)
3	Ordered my step son a batman cake for his birthday. We had the cake about an hour when the buildings started falling over. The cake was eaten because it was there, but it was not what we ordered. They gave us half our money as a credit towards our next purchase, but I was still pretty disappointed. I only gave three starts because they gave us a credit.
4	I went in with my son today to get a cake for his birthday he came up with this off the wall zombies cake the lady that helped us helped him 100% btw he is 11 and  so picky she went over ideas with us and let him try so many different kinds of cake he left knowing he was going to get a cool cake his friends would love thank you so much for makeing this a birthday hr will remember
3	I wouldn't say everything here is awesome but maybe it's just me. I don't usually eat the stuff that we picked up here so my experience was very new yet wasn't impressed with the tastings.I've thing that stood out thought that I liked was the cake cookies.yummy! Other than that I don't think ill come back anytime soon but I'll keep them in mind for a birthday or wedding cake.
5	We stopped by today for the fundraiser for the slain officers and Mr. Wilcox. The cupcakes were delicious !!  All though they had a bigger turnout than they EVER expected, our wait was minimal and the staff were awesome !!To the owners: May your repeat business FAR exceed your contribution to this fundraiser !! You have our business in the future !! Thank you !!
3	Stopped by Freeds because I was very impressed by their support of the Las Vegas community. I didn't get to place an order for the cupcake fundraiser because they ran out, but stopped by the next day to check it out. We picked up an eclair and a cannoli both were excellent! However, the person helping us was not at all friendly. She seemed annoyed and irritated to be helping us. We drove out from Centennial Hills but because of the service, will not be making that trip again.
5	Long time coming review. We hired Freed's to make us a wedding cake back in August 2012. We are not from the Las Vegas area so finding a local bakery we relied on Yelp reviews to help us make our decision. We made an appointment to meet with a cake designer... however her name escapes me because that was 2 years ago. Anyways, they are all very friendly and helpful so knowing her name is besides the point. We told her the number of people attending and she worked within our budget to give us a beautiful wedding cake and supplemental cupcakes. They were able to deliver the cake and cupcakes to our venue at Lawry"s Prime Rib. Even though we chose a simple style it was still very classy and delicious. I can't thank them enough for a beautiful job and excellent service. I would definitely recommend using them whether or not you are from the area or not. Thank you Freed's!!!!!
5	Cake was gorgeous and delicious. We did a small cake and cupcakes for an anniversary. They are very nice, helpful and great prices! They also raised money to help the officers families recently (which was after we got our cake but wanted to throw that in). Great local business overall! :)
1	My husband ordered my birthday cake at Freeds. We have never been to Freeds before so I just showed up to pick up my cake, guessing it wouldn't take long because it was a pick up. I ended up waiting 1 hr 15 min on a Sunday... I was so frustrated with my hungry 4 year old in tow. The cake was pretty but over priced. When the woman put my cake in the box the top was too high and she smooshed the icing flowers on top. She said sorry... That's it. That rubbed me the wrong way. Does she not box cakes all day? Shouldn't she know how to not ruin it? We were excited to taste the cake but when we did we were very disappointed. It's as if they completely forgot the sugar in the icing. My 4 year old didn't even eat it, that's how bad it was. The marble cake and chocolate filling was good but we all scooped out the insides and left all the beautiful flowers and frosting. After feeling like I wasted 40$ on unsweetened icing I called in and you know what that woman to me? "If you already are it, there's nothing we can do. Plus everyone's taste buds are different" 3/4 of the cake is left... We didn't eat it all and icing that tastes like whipped and salted butter is NOT a taste bud issue. I've had buttercream... That is not buttercream that is whipped butter only. So all in all, I will never return.
4	I've gotten a Louis Vuitton purse cake from Freed's. They do an amazing job customizing cakes but can be pricey. Looking back, I could have bought an actual purse instead of a cake.They have lots of different cookies, pastries and cakes. Almond horns, chocolate chip cookies, rainbow cookies, raspberry walnut wafers, butter cookies, chocolate fudge thumbprints, chocolate chip log, linzer tarts, turnovers, cinnamon crisps, cupcakes, etc.Their cookies are pretty good but not the rainbow cookies. I've had better at Bagel Cafe. The rainbow cookies here are flavorless and the chocolate is overpowering - they're not the traditional Italian flag colors either.The cakes and cupcakes are delicious and aren't dry. So, definitely come here for cakes and not the rainbow cookies. Another good thing about Freed's is their involvement with the community. My most recent trip here was for a charity event for the fallen police officers' family. They were selling $1 cupcakes. It's not just a business.
4	Best selection of cakes. Got my parents an anniversary cake here. So delicious and moist. Will be coming here to get myself special treats!
4	My the owner of the company i work for got me a birthday cake from here today I don't do dairy but the fruit was very very fresh!
5	If there were more stars, they would be filled in as well. Freed's quite literally saved my birthday. We had originally placed an order with Cake Palace who I would never recommend to anyone because of their lack od consistency and professionalism, as my order was practically canceled three days(on my actual 16th) before my 16th birthday party. We walked into Freed's beyond frazzled without an appointment or anything and were immediately put to ease by multiple employees. Within a couple hours, my cake was designed, ordered, and ready to go for Saturday. We were beyond grateful as we had given them such short notice. Not to mention the amazing customer service we received. The cake was absolutely stunning the day of and tasted even better. It was a huge hit and everyone absolutely loved it! Huge shout-outs to Jayme and Max over at Freed's for helping my family and I out so greatly. We wont ever forget it and its greatly appreciated. By far the best bakery in town!!
5	This place is amazing! The cake is to die for and so good. We had are wedding cake from here and they even made it it 24 hours after our cake disaster on the drive up! The staff were amazing and the cake was ready for our special day! All the cake is good and tiramisu was great! This place is a must!
2	I ordered my grand child to be cake 1 month in advance , I emailed the wording and they forgot to write it! I ordered from Freeds from reputation around town and I knew it was double what I normally would have paid but I wanted the best. I didn't get it! It was of course the center piece for the shower and were supposed to write MOMMY'S LITTLE MVP with the MVP bolded as these are my grand sons actual initials. All we got were tiny letters written on top of a big cake. I called to let them know and they passed the buck saying the lady was out sick, what for over a month? Not buying it! They offered me a small order of cookies and said sorry. I didn't want anything but acknowledgement that they made a mistake instead they made an excuse. ugh I won't be back! I order 50 cakes a year from Smiths on Flamingo and Ft Apache for my company and order them over the phone, they are very delicious and half the price for a 1/2 sheet not a 1/4 sheet. Even over the phone they get them right, once the flavor was wrong and they bought the next one no questions asked. I'll just stick with Smiths just a good and reliable. disappointed! Mary Irby Las Vegas
4	This is an updated review. Had a bad experience with the staff twice and Max reached out to me to fix the problem. He is very professional and understanding. He asked tried very hard to get me the cake I wanted for my son's birthday. The cake came out very nice and clean looking and tastes good! I would have given it 5 stars but the only reason I didn't was because they couldn't make the Disney Cars logo with my son's name on it and I had to special order it from Drago Sister's Bakery. Other than that, I was very happy & pleased with the outcome and I am very glad that Max reached out to me. It meant a lot since it's my lil boy's birthday cake and he is in love with Disney Cars. I will come back if I can have the same experience & ease of ordering with Max! Thank you once again, Max!
5	Planning a party from Los Angeles was difficult so when I got a recommendation for Freeds bakery having no idea that it was probably one of the best bakeries in Las Vegas I really lucked out.  The strawberry shortcake that we ordered for my friends mom's 80th birthday party was delivered on time and in amazing shape. It was wonderful and the best part besides the fact that the cake was incredibly good was the fact that all of her friends are still talking about how she got a vake from Freeds.  Thank you very much and I highly recommend Freeds!
4	I have been to Freed's twice in the past 30 days. Once for the fundraiser for the slain officers of LVMPD and Mr. Wilcox, the civilian also slain in a senseless act of violence, and just yesterday, because I wanted some cookies.The cupcakes for the fundraiser were of excellent quality, and I really appreciate Freed's commitment to the community upon hearing of such a tragedy. The cupcakes were delicious, and I would have gladly paid three times as much for such a cause.Yesterday's run was for some cookies. The place was packed but the line went smoothly and I was helped by a pleasant young lady who was very helpful. I ordered a 1/2 pound of cookies, and my kids loved every single one. They may be expensive, but you get what you pay for here. Thank you Freed's!
2	I used to love their cakes, but lately the cakes just full of very sweet cream. Just disappointed with my last 3 purchased of chocolate cake, carrot cake and black forest cake.
1	I would have given less than 1 star if I could.  Ordered a cake for our 10 year anniversary for the NBA Summer League.  Found out it was wrong when we went to pick it up 3 hours before our event.  I asked for a specific design and they did something else.  Spoke to a manager and all she did was apologize.  Not once did she offer to refund the money.  I had to ask what they intended to do to resolve the situation. She said they couldn't fix it because the cake decorators were already off. I had to ask how much she would refund for a cake that was not decorated the way I ordered.  All she offered was $100 off of a $400 cake even though it wasn't what I ordered.  Ridiculous.  I insisted on getting 50% off but I should've asked for a free cake.  The manager should have offered a discount to make things right and I shouldn't have had to ask for one.
5	I love it here the place is super clean! The people who work here are super nice! And all the free samples I had were yummy to my tummy! Got a little of this & a little of that. And that what cha call it...was extra good. I give this place five stars. They have all kinds of goodies. Chocolate or caramel strawberry vanilla omg I'm in heaven.
5	5 stars for the follow up and resolution of the awful situation, by Max F., the business owner of Freed's Bakery.  He gave me a full refund on the cake.  Thanks for caring and wanting to do right by us.  I appreciate it!
5	The selection of cake slices is great. I prefer blackout cake. My mom gets wedding cake. I have seen some of their decorated cakes and they are amazing.  Great attention to detail. Great service
5	This is my favorite bakery. It's a little expensive but worth it. I had my daughter's Cake made there for her graduation .
5	Freed's is as good as it gets! I ordered a small wedding cake and received a pleasant reception, the cake was delivered on time but most importantly, it was outstanding!  Taste and appearance, fabulous!
5	Hands down, the best bakery in town! I've been coming to Freed's for over a decade and have tried just about everything over the years, and I've never been disappointed with anything. At all. Ever. The people who work there are so friendly and welcoming- it's always a pleasant experience! There's a really nice man who always offers us samples and helps us pick out the best cookies.  Most recently he had us try the gelato. I wouldn't have thought of going there for gelato, but I tried the banana dulce de leche and it was delicious! Freed's has amazing cakes, too! And you can order decorated cakes for just about any theme.
5	The best cakes ever! I have ordered five cakes total this year. All perfect and delish and the designs are beautiful.  Thank you, Freed's.
5	Mmmmm they were out of cannoli and totally went out of the way to make me one fresh. Everything here is pretty dang delicious!!!!
5	WOW I'm from out of town and this bakery is just unreal.  Yummy cakes & cookies.  The building doesn't look like much from the outside but as soon as you go through the double glass doors you are in baked goods heaven.   Bring your own coffee since there is non available. Friendly staff offered free cookie samples.  smart move since they are so good.
3	**The pastries are decent, 4-stars. It was hit-and-miss, some were really good, other were just meh. But the prices were on the high side, so I'm knocking down a star. That and the long waits, even on a weekday.**I'm hesitant to write this review because I've only tasted the pastries. The bakery was very busy and crowded when we walked in Saturday afternoon and everyone seemed to be picking up made-to-order cakes. I have a feeling that is their specialty. The chances of me ordering a $400 custom cake are close to nil, so take this review with a grain of salt. Their pastries may not be as good as their cakes. The pastries: Brownie ($3.95): It's a small piece for $4, very chocolatey, the inside was stale, like it was old. No good. Raspberry Crisp (sold by the pound, I believe it's $15 a pound): This was my favorite pastry at this store. It's a very thin, flaky cookie with delicious raspberry jam in the middle. You can easily consume ten of these in one sitting. LOL. Cannoli ($3.95): Good. Nothing special. Lots of chocolate chipsLintzer Cookie (by the pound): Good. Very buttery in texture, the jam was better quality than most. Macaroon: Best macaroon (not macaron) that I've ever had. Too bad I don't like macaroons but if I did, this would be the place to get them.
4	I come for the "Parisian cake" "strawberry shortcake" and the "derby." All are extremely moist and decadent! The reason I give them 4 stars is because they are over priced and I'm not a big fan of their cookies. In addition, their custom cakes are in the $$$$ price range.
3	First let me say that the cake tasted awesome. I ordered chocolate with peanut butter mousse and buttercream icing. The problem was the design/decorate of the cake. It was not at all what I expected and they didn't even write what I asked them to on the cake. The cake was for a guys 30th birthday and the design looked like it was for a elderly person. If your going to order a cake it will taste good just be very very specific about the design you want.
5	I ordered a Cuban themed cake and I was so worried about how it was going to come out.  But freeds really did an amazing job! I just love all the detail they did with the beautiful flowers and palm trees. I ordered a white cake with Strawberries and it was delish! Everyone loved the cake at the birthday party, which made the party so much more special. I'll definitely be back to order a custom cake.
4	Great place! The Parisian chocolate cake is amazing. They are a little bit pricey though but I guess it's worth it for a fresh slice of your favorite cake. Will come back to taste the German chocolate cake.  Four stars because there is a $35 delivery charge for any cake delivered.
4	The staff was extremely helpful, and was evidently a creative bunch! They helped truly customize the cake exactly to my liking, and it came out so wonderful!! I ordered over the phone, and Beware prepaying by card over the phone.. They charge a $5 fee; which is completely avoidable if you just pay when you pick up the cake. It came out wonderful. I sent in a picture that they used for the main design and created a theme off of it. It received compliments from all those who tasted it!
5	Literally the best bakery in Las Vegas! Everyone here is so nice. And the desserts and cakes are the best! I love all the Italian cookies they have. There's a reason they've been best in LV for like 30 years. Always get birthday cakes here. And when I want a cannoli or tiramisu this is the place.
4	After hearing about Freed's since we moved here 3 years ago, we finally made an actual plan to go. We live about 40 min away and always forget about it when we are in Henderson. We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon, they were busy but I liked the take a number system. I got a carrot cake cupcake, and my husband ordered a slice of blackout cake. We used our yelp check in offer to get some cookies (the lemon was my favorite.) My carrot cake was good...did I taste mascarpone in the frosting? It was yummy with a creamy, light texture. Sadly for my husband, we got home to discover his "blackout cake" ended up being a slice of Black Forest cake instead...which he hates. (I like chocolate/cherry so I had it the next day, and was impressed by how well their plastic cake wraps kept the cake so moist.) It was good, far for me, but I would probably go back if I wanted something sweet and was already in the area. Next time I will check my hubby's cake before we leave.
5	Recently we ordered a cake for a baby shower. When we arrived at the bakery, we were promptly helped with a positive attitude from the staff despite visiting on a busy weekday. When we returned to pick up our cake, it was ready and waiting for us. There was no unnecessary waiting time.The cake icing and breading was soft, fresh, had a delicate sweet taste, and it was exactly as pictured in their showroom book. Yes, Freed's does charge more for their theme cakes, but they live up to expectations and always leaves our family satisfied. We've been customers off-and-on for years and we always return to find the same quality product regardless of how much time has passed.
5	Got a cake for my cousin who is a big red velvet fanatic and she was blown away. She'd never had one with the moistness and quality that I have always experienced with Freed's. It was a perfect start to our surprise birthday celebration. Thanks, Freed's!
3	I have an insane sweet tooth and find myself stopping into bakeries even when they were not part of my initial plan.  Hey! We all need some sugar in our lives!I've given Freed's a couple chances and overall, it's just, ya know, pretty average. From their dedication to space for wedding cake meetings, I am going to venture a guess that their moneymaker is their super fancy cakes, which makes sense.They have about 1000 different items for sale. The best thing I've had is the carrot cake cupcake. Everything else is just pretty sugar things that taste okay. I think they should commit to doing 50 things really great instead of 1000 mediocre.And the cookies are super dry. One time a friend did the thing where you check in on the facebook and they give you some free cookies. Thank ya Jesus that they were free because they tasted like nothing.I am giving them three stars because they are in business and clearly doing something right. It's just that I have yet to figure out the mystery of what that is exactly.
5	My fiance and I just ordered our wedding cake.  We had made an appointment with Elia on a busy Saturday afternoon.  When we arrived, we were promptly greeted and shown to the tasting room where we met with Elia.  She was friendly, helpful, and patient as we sampled several cakes.  She even brought us some extra samples of the fillings to help us create our own combinations.  Every cake was moist & tasty, and the icing options were yummy.Elia showed us all of the options for cake design that matched with our number of guests.  I particularly like that we were able to order a different flavor for each tier, and were able to customize the color options for the ribbons & flowers.  We ordered Almond cake with Strawberry Mouse filling, Lemon cake with Bavarian Cream/Lemon puree filling, and Red Velvet cake with Cream Cheese filling.  All will be covered with their decadent Buttercream icing.  I will update this review in April to let you know how the finished product comes out, but I have no doubt it will be wonderful.  What I can say for sure is that the tasting/ordering process was fabulous!
5	One of the best bakeries I've ever seen. Wonderful selection, variety, quality at a reasonable price. You really can't pick anything bad here. Staff are super friendly, knowledgeable, and generous. Highly recommend this place to anyone who craves high quality pastries, cakes, etc.
5	Absolutely amazing cakes! Second cake I've ordered from them. Every layer was fresh and so delicious. Even the fondant was so good.
5	You have an excellent reputation. I can't wait to taste the cake we are ordering for my little brother's birthday in LV in 2 weeks. The young lady who assisted me over the phone had excellent customer service!  Thank you!
5	We ordered our wedding cake along with cookies for our cookie bar from Freed's, and we were not disappointed! We were unable to do a tasting because we live out of state, so we put our trust in other positive reviews. Our cake was lemon flavored with Bavarian cream filling and buttercream frosting, it was delicious! Our guests loved it. Our cookies were hit, everyone enjoyed them. Freed's sells cookies based on weight, and because I asked for a specific number of cookies rather than a specific weight of cookies, we had to estimate the cost beforehand. Janie contacted me afterward to notify me that she would refund us the difference because our cookies ended up being less expensive than anticipated. Great customer service, great baked goods!
5	The bakers is spacious, look to your right and you see all the pastries they have to offer.Cakes are available as well.ORDER THE CANOLI. DO THIS NOW AND YOU WILL HAVE NO REGRETS!
5	#1 Bakery Shop in Las Vegas!  They do the impossible....  Have been a faithful patron since it's location on E.Tropicana and Maryland Pkwy.  Did our wedding cake, birthdays, holiday season cupcakes...  And if they don't have it, they'll make it for you. Very professional staff.  Never late with deliveries either.
5	This place is one of the best bakery's I have been to, the deserts are always fresh and the have great customer service. My favorite desert there is the lemon breeze, Its balance of moist cake, icing, lemon and strawberries are perfect! It's like happiness in your mouth!! I have ventured off from time to time and tried a few other cakes like the strawberry shortcake, red velvet, black forest and the blackout cake. I have never been disappointed in my choices, I have also tried their cupcake every flavor and some of the cookies. This place deserves the voted best year after year not only for the top qualities baked goods but also for the customer service. Today when I went in there they gave me 6 free cupcakes that's 2.45 each value just for shopping in there today and they had them left over from a cupcake drive. I am so happy this place is right around the corner and I get to enjoy them often.
5	Wow 'O' wow...yummy pastries. I love this Bakery. I usually go to the one on Tropicana but was close to the Eastern location..Same great quality! Love the chocolate kiss thumb print cookies! Hehe thumbs up for Freeds!!
5	Freed's Bakery has amazing options to choose. Special occasion Cakes, Birthdays, Weddings and a lot more. The designs are amazing and they have skilled designers to create anything that you request. They also offer cookies, pastries, holiday treats, ice cream and more. They are pricey but with their perfection I  wouldn't expect nothing less. Also the staff is very kind and willing to let you sample a cookie if you are nice. Oh yeah and there known around town and the world.
5	The chocolate cake blows the mind. The white cake leaves something to be desired. But oh, those cookies. Small, varied and delightful.
5	Absolutely the BEST bakery in Las Vegas area! Came in with just a idea & the lady / owner helped me create a specially birthday cake for my boyfriends 26th bday. He loved it!!!! Not only was the cake delicious but the design was exactly what I wanted!!! I'll only be ordering from this bakery from here on now!!!!!!!
5	I loved all my freeds cake, 3 so far, I have always worked with Elia, she is awesome,  im all the way in Texas and she was always so helpful and full of suggestions,  what a class act.
5	There are good bakeries all over town. When it comes to sugar and cream there isn't a lot that hasn't been done but where a business can set itself apart is its service. The girls working this morning were an absolute pleasure. Friendly, fun and personable. My sales receipt says her name was Jordan and she had great customer service. I haven't had a chance to go through and try my entire box of goodies but I will say the cannoli was one of the best I have ever had. Their cookies are butter style. More of a crisp texture than a chewy but I saw some cake style ones that I may have to try next time.Overall I will say this is a high quality bakery and that if you are just looking for something small or something elaborate they would be a great place to start.
5	Stopped by tonight on our way back home to Los Angeles. My family and I were extremely happy with Bob's costumer service. Not to mention our yummy carrot cake and cookies.  Another great trip to one of my favorite bakeries!
5	Great and I mean great service. Smiling employees and fast. The cakes and cookies are totally yummy.  Amazing bakery.
5	I think I died and went to heaven... We have found a gem.... No wonder it is Las Vegas's best! The cookies are delicious however I am the # one fan of the pecan raspberry logs. If I could I would have one everyday! They are melt in your mouth delicious! And if you need a specialty cake this is your spot. Just ordered my pies for Thanksgiving...... But I will be back a few more  times before then.
5	We ordered my birthday cake from Freeds and did everything through the phone. I cannot put into words how beautiful this cake was. It was AWESOME! Thank you Jennifer. When we ate it, again it was FANTASTIC!  The cake was everything I wanted for my birthday. The icing was 50/50 and was light tasting and not sickening sweet. The roses looked real but were not. We sent them an image we wanted on the cake and it was great. They added butterflies and 2 large fondant numbers for my age. It was absolutely beautiful. We also used the Yelp offer to receive 6 free cookies and they were yummy. I highly recommend Freeds to anyone who is looking for that special cake and/or cookies. The only downfall is the price. It was expensive. The total for an 8 inch cake was over $100. Most cakes of this size run around $25-$30.  However, for all we got I gladly paid the price. I considered it a piece of Art.
4	Red velvet here is good the cream cheese icing is a lil too heavy. The cake is moist. Very nice display. When I walked in,  I like that they have a space for wedding cake consultation. As I look at the all the delicious treats, I couldn't decide which one I should get. I only gave four stars because of the icing. I will come back here. Since I am looking for the best deal for wedding cakes. :)
5	They are wonderful here!  Went to pick up a red velvet cake for a birthday and they were so friendly.  We checked in on yelp and got 6 free cookies.  They allowed us to sample the cookies before choosing which was really nice!  The cake was spot on with the creamy frosting and the moist cake.  I would definitely recommend a cake from this place because they are so friendly, cake is wonderful, and you get treated like family!  Just order your cake ahead of time so they can have it ready.
5	While I was researching bakeries in Las Vegas for a wedding cake for my brother's wedding, I used yelp reviews to help guide me to a bakery that was both affordable and delivered a great product. I was very pleased with Freed's bakery on both counts.  The representative helped me stay within my price range and create a cake with all the specifications requested by the bride to be. It was beautiful and delicious. They delivered it to the restaurant where the reception took place and even packaged it to stay fresh until it was served to us. Overall a wonderful experience and I highly recommend this bakery.
4	Freed's was able to make a cheesecake for my sisters going away party. Since she hates cake, and only likes cheesecake this seemed to be a problem for local bakeries. Luckily Freed's was able to make the cheesecake, and it was amazing. She loved it, thank you!
1	This is our 2nd time ordering here. Paid almost $80 for a 3 layer, 1/4 size chocolate with strawberry in the middle, they diced the strawberry into VERY small pieces that you'll kinda wonder "is this a strawberry?". They probably used like 3 whole strawberry for the entire cake. I specifically ask that they do not use any other color besides pink(dark and light), white and black because that's our theme, i even called to make sure because it was not written in our order but they still put leaves (green) on the flowers. If you look at the photo I posted here, right in the middle there was a mistake in the pink piping which makes you think "how come they did not clean or fix it?!" It was right in the middle! When I called them about the theme color they email me the notes they added and I saw that they also wrote there: "*customer is aware that black icing stains & that not much may be used. "But there was more black scrolls at the sides than the pink! So when we cut it, we just scraped the sides. But the worst part is the hand writing, I even complain about that and they said we could re-write it if you want  because different decorator has different handwriting, so I said ok, so we waited and when she showed it to us it was almost the same as the 1st one just a very tiny difference :( when ordering cakes in a famous bakery vs Smiths' or Albertson you have this very high expectations that they would be able to make the hand writing message in a very professional and very nice one. It did not stand out! They should make the writing bigger and bolder! And when we ordered, the rep couldn't even show us sample pictures so we could have an idea what the cake would look like, she showed us pics from the website (which we already saw) If we only knew that our cake will turn out this way we should have just ordered it in Smiths it would be a lot cheaper and we wouldn't have expected a lot! The taste is good but it was just ordinary. Would we recommend? Not sure, I've tasted good cakes ordered here but i guess the quality is not always the same, keep your fingers crossed when ordering so you'll get a better one! :) will I order again... Not anymore! Lesson learned! Good luck to whoever is ordering!
5	What an awesome experience. I wanted a gender reveal cake. Nancy took every detail I wanted seriously. Nothing was left out. Everything was in a professional manner. The price was fair considering how much effort was put into the cake. I will definitely return for my baby shower cake.
5	I used this bakery for my destination wedding in Vegas. I was planning everything over the phone for the wedding and they were very accommodating. The woman I spoke to was able to give me great suggestions as far as the flavors they carried. The pictures on the website were helpful and I chose a cake from the bride on a budget section. I chose the Gerber daisy cake. She suggest the Bavarian cream  filing and said that was their specialty filling. I chose one layer chocolate, one vanilla and one almond. She also suggest I go with the 50/50 frosting as it would be more ivory to match my dress and would be sweet but not too sweet. The cake turned out amazing! it was just like the picture and tasted amazing. One year later and my husband and I are still dreaming of the almond flavored cake and can't wait to order one when we go back to Vegas.
5	Lemon cake cookies are amazing. Haven't run into anything I haven't liked here...its always a treat going to Freeds!
5	Bought my sons birthday cake and he loved they even hooked him with a special treat.  Honestly some of the best cake I have had.
2	First off the customer service is amazing, they even called to tell me it was delivered. However, we were from out of town for my sister's wedding and the cake could not be cut. It fell apart and crumbled. My sister in law is a pastry chef and does wedding cakes for a living and she cut the cake, it was just a mess. The taste was alright, not exciting. No one really ate the cake because it looked very messy. I had higher expectations.
5	I ordered my wedding cake here. My hubby and I chose marble and red velvet with Bavarian creme. We got a lot of compliments from our guests. Thank you Freed's for a beautiful and delicious cake.
5	This review is long overdue, but very much deserved!  For my brother's bachelor party in Vegas, my sister's & I wanted to do something sweet for him.  I ordered a basket of  bars, cookies, brownies, and other goodies and had it delivered to the hotel before they arrived so they received little after they checked in that night.  The boys enjoyed it and my brother was surprised.  I spoke to Shari, and another lady, so sad but I forgot her name, both were super nice!  When placing my order, they made sure to tell me what needed to be refrigerated in case the room didn't have a refrigerator. I gave them a price and told them what I wanted in the platter, and worked with my budget, and answered the many questions it had in regards to what the certain baked goods were.  My brother and his friends all said it was amazing.  Unfortunately I have no pics, b/c the boys were to busy digging in, and as promised by his best men that they will take pics, they ended up forgetting.  Oh well!  It's also bookmarked for my next visit to Vegas!
5	Number one cake place in my heart. This place has completely spoiled me and is my measuring stick when I eat cake at other dessert shops (which rarely measure up). This place is a landmark for Las Vegas and an absolute must go even though the location has changed. I've been  coming here since I was a kid and whenever i can, I'll pop in here for a quick slice. The best one for me is the strawberry shortcake. It's simple but it's made so well; the vanilla cake is fluffy, moist and light and the cream is freshly whipped. The strawberries add the nice sweet acidic component wih a bit of crunch. The fruit tart is my second favorite, with fresh fruit on top of a Bavarian cream overlying a buttery crust. All the other cakes are delicious as well and you can't go wrong. One thing I do miss is the rum cake, I hope they bring it back someday!
5	We ordered a cake from here for our wedding, which was yesterday. We wanted something simple, and got the Bavarian cream and strawberries with buttercream frosting. It was hands down the most delicious cake I've ever eaten!  My husband, who is a known cake snubber, even liked it and was even impressed at how buttery and not overly sweet the buttercream was. It was also beautiful--the delicious frosting was made to look just as gorgeous as fondant (which I hate). The price was very reasonable too, and the ordering was easy, which was huge for us planning a wedding from far away.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Best bakery this side of the Mississippi. Their cookies are to kill for. Forget the calories, the diet starts tomorrow. Half of the shop is for wedding cake design,overwhelming selections. You can pick your cookies delights from the show cases. Great gifts in either half pound or full pound. Get your frequent flyer card , buy 6 half pound and the 7 th is free. Yesterday they had a Yelp special. Buy $6.00 and get 6 free cookies. Seems like everyone is selecting the rainbow cookies as their free 6. Try to avoid the evening rush hours after 5 pm. ,or take a number ticket and stand on line. There is a large staff so the process is more about deciding which ones to pick. Perfect gift item for anytime of the year. And if you're coming to my house, pls. stop there first.
5	I recently just graduated college and decided to try this place for my cake. I'm am beyond satisfied with my cake. My whole family love it! It tasted amazing and also offer military and teacher discounts. Thanks for my amazing cake!!
5	My only addiction. Freed's bakery. Six free cookies with $6.00 purchase.  Brought in few guests from New York. They were amazed. Got here before noon to avoid the long lines. I'm cooked out. But the diet starts on Jan 2.
5	The best in Las Vegas, and overall a wonderful experience and I highly recommend this bakery. Specially Napoleon.
5	Amazing cakes! Great variety of cakes, cookies, & cupcakes. Got the blackout, tiramisu, & red velvet individual sliced cakes - all delicious. They have samples of cookies near the front, but there is a check-in offer for 6 free cookies of your choice with a purchase. Cookies were good but I definitely loved the cakes more. Staff was also very nice and friendly. It can get a bit busy/crowded so make sure you grab a number at the front!
2	Needed a bakery when I was in town and yelp pointed me this way and it was kind of a let down. Fairly expensive for the quality of product which makes me think they charge because they are "rated best in Las Vegas". Anyway they cannoli was dry, the cupcake was plain and the cookies were average. I live in the OC and have lots of bakeries to gauge and this place hit the mark. Total for 8 cookies, a cannoli and a cupcake was $22. The only great thing that came out of this adventure into town was Freddys Frozen Custard! Check out my review for that little gem !
5	Visiting Las Vegas for the first time to watch a basketball tournament my son was playing in,  he was also celebrating his birthday.  I asked the hotel if they had a recommendation as to where I could order a bday cake or cupcakes, they recommended Freeds.  The bakery was so helpful in helping me make my selection and would deliver to the hotel since we didn't have a car.   I ordered enough cupcakes for the entire ball team,  we were not disappointed.  They were delivered as promised, looked fantastic and were delicious! I highly recommend Freeds!!
5	Hands down this bakery is the place to find all things good in the Las Vegas area.  Had the opportunity to get some cream puffs and eclair for Christmas and not only were they gracious and helpful but they were the best I have ever found.
5	Been from out of town (Pasadena CA) I had to rely on yelp's reviews for a bakery to create our wedding cake for Dec. 2014The search started 4 months ago back in August 2014 and first contact was with Janie Freed's Bakery we didn't look back after that first contact, she was very patient replying to around 20 e-mails with questions, suggestions, advice and ideas. We opted for one of their creation in her album collection but with our own flavor choices "Bav coconut/pineapple top two layers and chocolate marble bottom.Janie and us met in person a month earlier in Nov. 2014 for a cake tasting, she walked us thru the process and help us with decoration options for the wedding cake, it was a smooth process. we opted for delivery a $45 charge to our dinner reception restaurant which is helpful on a day of a wedding. A 6x8x10 size serving for a group of 40. Total was $369 with shipping.We loved the end results and our guests complimented us on the design, flavor and taste. Mission accomplished. Here are some pictures to back up my review.Thanks again Janie for the help and a great job on designing our wedding cake.
3	I stopped at Freed's because as I was driving by there was a huge sign draped across the building that said "Voted Best Bakery for 30 years." That's a long time to hold the crown. As you enter the establishment everything on display looks grocery store generic. I can see that they probably haven't evolved their recipes much after 30 years and stuck to the good old standards. At first taste, I compared my cake to a Costco equivalent. As I let the cake thaw a bit, because it was obviously too refrigerated, the nuances of the better recipes started to show themselves. The cake was just moist enough, the Bavarian cream and buttercream frosting were just sweet enough, and in terms of overall flavor it was a definite step up from Costco. If price was an issue, I'd stick to good 'ol Costco cakes but if you want a prettier presentation with more filling options, I'd purchase from here.
