4	My wife found out about this place through Mixi which is kind of like a Japanese myspace.  Its only been open for 3 weeks and we've wanted to try another izakaya style place besides Ichiza (which was packed for Memorial Day) so we gave this place a go.The place is a bit small, not great for groups of over 4 but the atmosphere wasn't bad.  I guess I prefer Jpop over koto music but it was fine.  Their specialty is their yakitori (grilled on a stick) type stuff.  We went w/ the chicken thigh ($2 a piece), wasabi kobe beef ($9), asparagus bacon ($2) and the tsukune which is grilled ground chicken on a stick.  Everything we had tasted awesome.  Not sure what they're putting in their grill for the flavoring but its fantastic and addictive.  You can definitely tell that the ingredients used here are of higher quality than Ichiza but the menu is a lot smaller and aside from the yakitori, pricier too.  Ofcourse we weren't full from all the above so we tried some of the rice dishes along with oden (a winter food boiled in a soup..kinda like a hot pot).  My wife got the Tororo don which is gooey potato mixed w/ soy sauce that she loves but I find inedible while I had the ikura don which is salmon roe eggs w/ seaweed on rice.  Both of these cost around $10 a piece and the portions were pretty small.  Just one small bowl of rice w/ the topping.  Definitely disappointed w/ that.  My wife was also bummed that they didn't have natto.  The oden was tasty though.  We ordered the chikuwa (fish stick), konnyaku and daikon which were all around $1.50-$2 a piece.They only have Sapporo beer but they do have a nice list of sake, shochu and wines which would make this a nice place for some beverages and small food.  I would also recommend just buying the pitcher of beer at $22 a pop as opposed to the $5 glass if your party plans on drinking at least 4 glasses.  You get a WHOLE lot more w/ the pitcher!!!!!  The bathroom was funny too as they only have a single unisex stall but they put a bunch of fake flowers on the ceiling w/ a speaker playing bird noises the entire time.  Priceless.  Overall, I would rate this place 3.5 stars but its closer to 4 than 3.   I am just sticking to the grilled stuff the next time we go back as the rice dish portions are way too overpriced.  A few tables ordered the deep juicy fried chicken ($8) which looked awesome too so maybe we'd get that next time.  They're open til 3am which is cool.  Most patrons there were Japanese..I think I was 1 out of 3 that weren't. So yeah..this is a good alternative to Ichiza although I wouldn't say its better...just different.
5	I was taken here by a Japanese friend.  Yes the place is small.  Only about 30 seats.  I'd suggest no parties over 4 people.  It's a cozy room with 5 seats at the counter so I'd even be tempted to go there solo.The food is quality!  And while I may not be a connoisseur it's seems more authentic over the more popular izakaya restaurants in town.  Memorable menu items.  Their homemade tofu!!  Grilled tendon, kobe beef,  foie gras, mochi wrapped in aburaage and ahi collar.  Desserts:  Cheesecake and watermelon sorbet.  I'm definitely goin back!
4	We were in Las Vegas recently and our friend who lives in the area suggested we try this new restaurant.  It is a drive from the strip but is well worth the drive.  The food was delicious and the service attentive but not in an annoying way.
4	The first thing that strikes me is I like the intimacy of the place. Its located near Chinatown, but off of Spring Mountain hidden behind some other generic plaza, near Savers. You can't really just stumble on this place. You need to be told about it. Someone needs to take you there. The dining area is just large enough to accommodate maybe six small parties and then five at the bar. I wouldn't recommend parties more than four. We got there at 10p and we had the whole restaurant to ourselves. An hour later, the joint had filled in. The decor is very modern Japanese with wood accents and a beautiful ceramic wall behind the bar. All of the front of house staff speaks Japanese and are very knowledgeable about the food and drink menus. This is the kind of place you would take a businessman FROM Japan to to entertain and impress. I wonder if they never want to arrive for this reason. Keepin' it exclusive. They don't served any sushi. Mostly everything is either grilled or cooked hot pot-style (oden). Right off the bat, order five dishes per two people and then as things wind down, order as neeed. Its izakaya, so portions are small and pricey. My favorites are oden with mochi in aburaage, the scallop thing, Kobe fillet, yellowtail collar, pork cheek, and fresh tofu with tomato, konbu, and iriko. They also have asparagus or cherry tomato wrapped in bacon, grilled salmon, grilled musubi, grilled corn (wtih the cob hollowed out, stuffed with potato ... I don't know how they do it). Some of their more exotic items include foie gras ($12 for not even a mouthful) , Kobe liver, grilled tendon (pork?), beef tongue cooked or carpaccio, chicken stick dipped in poached egg, duck with balsamic vinegar. The grilled items are all good and all, but they all have teriyaki drizzled all over them. I love teriyaki, but that's kind of cheating. Their desserts are all really good, too. I've tried the watermelon sorbet, chocolate bubbly, cheesecake, and lave cake with green tea ice cream. I can't pick a favorite. The lave cake is really light for a lava cake. But order it like 15 minutes ahead. The cheesecake is Japanese-style: steamed and fluffy. The watermelon sorbet. Just try it. To eat enough to fill you, you'll rack up a pretty hefty bill.The four of us last night, took it up to $340. Bring a big wallet. Don't bring a big appetite. I think traditionally, izakayas are drinking establishments with food to accompany food. Not the other way around. We're doin it wrong! * off the strip, non casino
4	Wow...what a place.  It's tiny, interesting looking interior-wise with chocolate walls and low lighting that make everyone look good.  Walls are lined with banquettes -- and tables in the middle can be pushed together for large groups -- but remember, this place is tiny, and the tables don't turn quickly at all.  We were there for two and a half hours and only 1 table left.  The only "leaving" is when folks head outside to smoke.What I loved was that my husband had taken a group here a few weeks ago (Brett below) was with him...and they had a monumental meal that made him feel guilty he'd not taken me first so we went last night and I thought it was spectacular with one lapse in service and food to knock one star off 5, but it was still dynamite.  They were out of unfiltered sake which made him pout, but our server made an excellent recommendation on a bottle that we loved -- only problem was it went down too easily, and since they were low, wouldn't sell us a second...mid meal....Started with skewered cherry tomatoes -- lightly salted that were still amazingly cool in the center.  We both could have eaten a pound of these.  We had a Japanese version of Caprese salad that blew my mind -- seaweed for basil, sliced tomatoes, the creamiest tofu ever for mozzarella and for interest on top - and to take it so over the top that I was in awe -- teeny tiny baby eels that were fried to crispy sprinkled lightly on top.  He sprinkled green tea salt on the top and I was blown away.  The sashimi salad with tuna and salmon, spinach and dressing of soy, yuzu and crispy shallots was to die for on such a hot night.Then we had fried octopus -- wow.  Flavors that exploded in your mouth -- really satisfying and so simple.Whole fried crispy shrimp were great and made for great comedy at the table -- a la Bean on vacance in France a la gare...  If you saw the movie, you'll get the reference since you eat these whole -- we liked them much more than Bean did. This was where things fell apart -- where we'd had food coming out -- small plates -- timed perfectly...suddenly the brakes hit hard and the whole restaurant came to a standstill.  I jokingly said mused that the chef left to buy cigarettes...because seriously nothing came out of the kitchen for about 30 minutes.  Then magically, things slowly began to fire again...next we had foie gras skewers, terrific baby lamb chops and some Raku seaweed and turnips, then some lovely chicken thighs, then a special dashi broth with snapper, shitake mushrooms, japanese eggplant and a lovely okra...Then out came two of my favorites -- a chawanmushi with duck and foie gras and dashi broth -- yowza...absolutely mind blowing.  The flavor combination was amazing -- the smokey duck, the sweetness of the dashi, the creaminess of the cusard, the richness of the foie...just terrific...then skewers  of shishito peppers  -- if you've never had these and you like green chilis these rock.   Then we had one final dish that interestingly was my least favorite -- ground chicken on chopsticks that looked like corndogs but had oddly very little flavor...  or maybe I'd hit the wall...either way, we were officially maxed out -- the bill -- huge -- $240 before tip -- but that was with $100 in sake alone -- and the plates while numerous, were very very tiny...But we loved it and I highly recommend checking it out... In true izakaya fashion this place is open late.  Go with friends to taste and try everything -- order pitchers of beer, sake, have fun.  It's a great addition to town.
4	Please tell me how they get the corn on the cob stuffed with mashed potatoes? The menu is fabulous- mostly because it doesn't frill things up."Fish guts" is something you just don't see enough written in a menu.It's very intimate, aka small dining room, and the restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall so you feel like you've really come across something special when you find it.There is raw fish on the menu but this is NOT a sushi restaurant. Open late night. Yahoo!
1	Biggest rip off ever!!!Just came back from the restaurant with my husband and few other friends n I am not an  "online review person" at all but I had say something. (that's how disappointed i was)  We're in a liquor and wine industry which we believe we have dined in quite many places; but this restaurant has to be the most worst restaurant we have ever been to.I have to admit the restaurant was very cozy and quite nicely set except the carpet flooring..... but what a biggest rip off!! I couldn't believe my eyes when we got our bill for $326.00 (six of us).  What did we eat?  hardly nothing.  I'm still hungry.  The concept of the restaurant supposed to be noadayaki style dining but just drive down little more east from where this restaurant is then you'll find much better novadayaki restaurant called "Ichiza".  Food is much much better with very reasonable price.  They try to look very fancy on the menu with high end fish, meat and all but none of them are worth not even third of what they charge.
4	Oh Thank Heavens (TM) for Raku. I heard about this joint while visiting one of my favorite sushi shops in OC, the chef told me to go to where his buddy worked so we did.Great pitchers of beer, the staff is friendly and remembers the faces of their patrons. The food is great and very good priced. You can eat here on a budget or go to town with their specialty dishes.
5	This place rocks !!It ain't cheap ( although the sapporo drafts at $5 s a decent deal )ordered soooo many plates not sure i can remember them all !lamb, pork belly, pork ears ( my least fav ) , blue crab miso, asparagus wrapped in Bacon, stuffed mushrooms, rice cakes, etc.couldn't convince the roomie to share a few foie gras dishes - next trip !i'm not sure if it's fair to compare this place to ichiza - i need to return to ichiza soon while Raku is fresh in my mind !
5	Wow, just wow.  We've been living in Vegas for years now, and to have a place this good that's not attached to some casino (and hence overpriced or blown out of proportion) is just fantastic.The place is small and intimate.  It can only hold about 30 people at the most, but any wait you have to deal with is worth it for the food.  The wait staff themselves were very nice, friendly, and knowledgeable on the dishes.One of the standouts was the Tofu Special ($9).  I am a dyed-in-the-wool carnivore, but that's a dish that I could easily eat several times a week and not miss a burger.  It's homemade Tofu, fried a bit, then served in a fantastic broth with a smattering of hot sauce on the bowl's rim for you to use with each bite.  You'll want to drink up the broth it's so tasty!Other standouts (although everything was good) were the Kobe skewer, the spicy peppers, the hot chicken appetizer (chicken in crispy chicken skin), and the asparagus wrapped in bacon.  For desert, they had a strawberry sorbet that's not listed on the menu, which was also excellent.We got there right around opening (6 PM) and it was already half full.  What another reviewer said is true -- people take their time in here, so make a reservation if you're over a party of two!My wife and I decided that if we just wanted an amazing desert, we'd hit Ichiza for the Honey Toast.  However. for anything else, Raku is where it's at!
5	aww, people -- none of you newbies even checked out the potty?   c'mon, I know the tofu salad rocks, the beer is cheap, the service cheerful -- but if you got to Raku and miss a trip to the bathroom -- then 1 of 2 things is happening:1) you're either traumatized from other trips to asian restaurant bathrooms...or 2) you didn't read my review.seriously -- go to the potty.Raku's is a veritable "hoot"....  yep -- totally worthy of the drive off strip to the restaurant just to go to the bathroom -- the food is also fabulous -- but the bathroom will make you laugh for days.or longer, depending on how much $ you've lost in the market downturn...
4	Raku has been getting quite a buzz from the Las Vegas community, especially because it's one of those off-the-strip type places meant just for locals.  It's a Japanese restaurant that specializes more in yakitori and street food.  (As other have mentioned, they do offer some sashimi, but that's not why you come here.)With a party of four, we got to try a bunch of different things:* Raku's Tofu ($4) - Highly recommended by our waiter since he said they are the only one in Vegas that makes their own.  It's uniquely presented as a homemade tofu and comes with sides of grated ginger, scallions, and bonito shavings.  The texture and taste can be a bit surprising at first as it's definitely not your commercial tofu. But once you add a bit of the sides, and a little soy, it tastes pretty good actually.* Sea Urchin and Seaweed with Soup ($4) - Presented in an individual bowl, two coils of uni rest on a bed of seaweed in a light broth.  The uni was good, and a bit different because of the warmth of the broth.  I enjoyed this dish and would get it again.* Daikon Radish and Soft Fish Cake Oden ($1.50/pp) - Their Oden menu consists of ordering individual pieces and they are all placed together as they have been stewing.  The daikon was less than memorable, something I wouldn't have ordered on my own nor again.  The fish cake was good though, although not something I particularly crave.  The side of hot wasabi mustard adds some much needed heat and taste to this dish.  Definitely use it.* Kobe Beef Fillet with Wasabi ($9/pp) - Expensive, but good.  Depending on how the wasabi hits your mouth, it can be a shot up your nose or an enjoyable piece of meat.* Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic ($6) - The crispy slices of fried garlic is what makes this beef really good.  I think it's actually tastier than the Kobe Beef Fillet with Wasabi.* Chicken Breast wrapped with Chicken Skin ($2.50/pp) - Chicken breast is always boring to me, but what makes this enjoyable would probably be the fatty chicken skin.  The Big F enjoyed this, but it's not something I would order again.* Chicken Wing ($1.50) - I personally didn't get a taste, but the guys in my party enjoyed it.* Grilled Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce ($4) - The duck was very tasty and had a nice sauce to it.  Cooked well and enjoyable.* Mushroom Wrapped with Bacon ($2/pp) - Mushroom and bacon, need I say more? Good stuff.* Kurobuta Pork Cheeks ($2.50) - This is really good stuff, really fatty bad for you stuff I'm sure, but really good!  Eat it when it's hot!* Enoki Mushroom Wrapped in Bacon ($2.50) - The enoki adds a slightly different taste and texture that makes it really enjoyable to eat.  Both the bottom and top of the mushroom are texturally different as well.* Ground Chicken Portabella ($3.50) - Grilled portabellas are always good, add some chicken and seasonings and you can't go wrong. * Lamb Chop ($5) - The waiter claimed their lamb chops were fabulous and had people returning just for them. And I do admit, they were really good.  Nicely cooked to a medium rare and juicy!* Grilled Rice Ball ($5 for two) - The soy sauce grilled rice ball is tastier than the rice ball wrapped in the green leaf, so we ordered just this one.  We tried ordering the Potato with Corn ($2.50), but they just ran out, same for the Foie Gras ($12).  They have daily specials that sound interesting, but be sure to ask about the price.Service was okay.  With about three wait staff people, I had to ask for my tea to be refilled almost every single time.  (They should have just left the pot for me after my fourth refill.)  They also never bothered refilling our water.  With all the sodium, liquids were necessary!The menu is simple, but can be a bit overwhelming your first time there.  We found the whole Oden (Dashi Broth Pot) menu to be a bit daunting with the per piece charge and probably wouldn't have ordered anything from here if it were just the Big F and I.  The Robata Grill menu is where it's all out.  However, since they charge per skewers, you'll end up ordering the $28 Kobe Beef Steak and not realize it!  Their Rice/Noodle/Soup menu sounds good, but worries me when I read "Bite Size Salmon Roe Bowl" for $10.  Is it really bite-size?In regards to the bathroom, I didn't see what the big deal was.  Sure, it's aesthetically pleasing with bird sounds and fake flowers.   But nothing worth making a special visit out of it.  It's a new restaurant and a new bathroom, therefore it's clean!As recommended, make reservations.  It wasn't really necessary last Friday evening when we went, but it does fill up and people do take their time.  So I would definitely try to make reservations if my party is more than two.  Overall, we did enjoy our experience here, but found it to be quite expensive.  $150 for 4, including tip and tax, with no alcohol seems a bit costly.  (None of us were 'full' since we headed over to Luv-It's for dessert!)3.5 stars.(Pics posted!)
4	Raku is great.  There are some fantastic dishes, like their housemade tofu, their agedashi tofu (often run as a special, but pretty much has become a daily offering), the pork cheeks, the green tea soba, and their soy sauce!  (I think I heard once that they make it themselves?)  The only menu item I stay away from is the pickles-- I normally LOVE oshinko, but I don't really like the pickles at Raku because they're bland.There are only a couple drawbacks.  First, the speed at which you get your food can be inconsistent.  Last time I was there, we had to wait a good 45 minutes before we saw any food.  Some times the food comes out very slowly, other times it's ok.  Don't eat here if you're in a hurry-- we usually take a couple of hours for a meal.Second, this is not a place I would be able to eat very often simply because much of the food is very salty and fatty.  Don't get me wrong, I LOVE salty and fatty, but a little goes a long way and it gets overwhelming at times.  For this reason, I don't eat here more than once a month.Third, some of the grilled items are cooked inconsistently.  The first time I ate at Raku I was BLOWN away by the beef tendon, which was very fatty and slightly gelatinous, but grilled and charred (so it was crispy and slightly bitter), and served with a sweet sauce.  DELICIOUS.  I've since ordered it several times, and it's never the same.  The last time I ate their (a few days ago), I swear it didn't go anywhere near a grill, so it was just pure fat and it was gross.Nonetheless, this place is still one of my favorite restaurants I enjoy regularly!  Very popular for locals in the restaurant biz.
5	ok  I was just sending this recc to a friend and I saw the one star review.  I am not Vegas CSI but it seems a little too strident and suggesting another restaurant (with suspect grammer) is HIGHLY suspicious.that being  said:Overall its an adventure to go in and try dishes you have never had before.  I had the most tender squid of my life there as well as some other great dishes.  I have not gone a lot so it may be more uneven than I know judging by other reviews.
5	Went here a few months back first week it was opened, place reminds me of places in Hawaii, nice small, usually one chef, but great services because its so small. Its located by MAMA's that all you can eat korean restaurant, the only one i know of in Vegas.  Most of the reviews have been good about this place, its not cheap, portions are small but the prices are a good representation of the quality and portion of what you get.  Food is really good, you should all check it out.  Its a great alternative for ichiza and shuseki, when they are busy.  It will be more expensive but its more worth it and has a japan feel, for those who have been there before.
5	I've only done Las Vegas "buffets" on the strip... everyone always want to go to the usual big buffets - don't get me wrong, they are wonderful, and the planning of what combination of food best maximizes tastes & value is both an art and a science that i can appreciate...this trip, however, was different... one of my good friends (she's an awesome event planner in Vegas) decided that it's about time I get a real taste of where the Foodies really eat in Las Vegas...cue: Raku. it's located in an unassuming strip mall where random asian places are located.it's a small little place, very cozy. one realizes you can't RUSH things here, the food, the ambiance... is chill, relax. Zen. things happen when they do.we were in between a wave of tables, so my friend and i waited about 45 minutes for our table. Without reservations, on a saturday night, we couldn't complain...This is a japanese fusion tapas place - the portions aren't huge, so you can order different things to try and get a taste, and always order more...---------------------------------------------------always asks for today's specials... they have all the specials listed on a chalkboard and the cute japanese waitresses patiently explain what each one is. we ordered my friend's favorites (a Foodie trusts another Foodie after all) and i was famished...what is this??? the chef sent over a grilled ground chicken skewer on the house! they felt bad we had to wait so long for a table, this started off the night just right. TENDER, JUICY ground chicken, full of flavor but silky smooth, grilled on a skewer and glazed gently with a sweet, sticky sauce lightly. Wow, i hadn't thought ground anything can taste like this.the next item is tuna belly minced up mixed with flavor oils and minced green onion. the fish is so fresh, it does not even remind me of FISH... it tastes of refreshing OCEAN, and i can feel the breeze...we had the sea urchin on soup... i like sea urchin but it is an aquire taste, and it's floating gently on the soup makes one appreciate the delicate urchin and the gentleness of the warm soup that cradles the urchin taste.we tried the grilled pork cheeks skewers (get a skewer per person, this is so tasty!) - it tastes like bite size bacon bits with chunks of meat.we also had the bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms... how can anything bacon wrap go wrong, really?next up is the Slippery Dish... at least my friend calls it that. a light broth acts as the canvas, floating on top is little mushroom, thinly sliced okra, salmon roes, sliced japanese radish of some kind, poached egg and sea urchin. Everything on this dish is a bit 'slimey' in texture, but all different. it's a complex layering of texture that plays well with each other. (on the other hand, if you hate slimey food, you might not want to get this one)then came the favorites of the night...foie gras savory steam egg custard - with a light sauce on top and a piece of duck graces the top of this. the steamed egg custard was silky smooth, and the richness of foie gras... I had never imagined foie gras can complement the egg so well!!!!!!grilled foie gras... a generous portion (for tapas) seared on a grill (smokey flavor!) and gently glazed with a miso-sweet sauce...If you are still reading - we were 2 girls who had ALL THIS FOOD. at this point we were done... so full. can't move.but dessert calls, and my friend has never tried dessert here.we decided to finish the meal off with some 'light dessert' (hahahah light. right). so we ordered the seasonal sorbet, which turned out to be Asian Pear Sorbet.Wow. it was sweet, juicy, refreshing... the best of an asian pear. it's as if they took the asian pear and froze it and then grind it up into granita... they also drizzled some light condensed milk-cream into the sorbet halfway down the cup. SOOO good. a perfect way to finish off a 5 star meal.---------------------------------------------------i LOVE Raku. it's unique, it's interesting. Every single plate, from appertizer skewers to dessert, had THOUGHT behind it. it's like when you hear music that makes you move with it. when you sit in front of a sunset and life just makes sense. every dish conveyed a message.life is way too short to not try this place when you're in town. Raku's food touched my soul....5 Stars. Absolutely. (pics of the food uploaded to the Raku Yelp page on top here)
5	This is Vegas' saving grace when it comes to Asian food.  I'll bet on Raku anytime against any Japanese restaurant in the United States...  that's how AWESOME Raku is!I showed up at midnight on my way home from a restaurant Sunday night.  I've heard of Raku for a long time and I thought I'd at least go check out where it is.  I found it, it was empty, so I walked in.  I might as well have stepped across the Pacific Ocean when I crossed that entrance.  It was a different world.Kani, the sashimi chef and condiment mixologist, greeted me.  Rei, the restaurant manager, joined in and I sat myself at the bar.  I was full, but I could sense it wasn't your ordinary late night restaurant -- it was magical -- and I wanted to stay.  So I ordered a beer, one for Kani, one for me.  I chatted with him and Rei about Vegas and random stuff.Kani is a world traveler, having worked in San Francisco, New York, Hong Kong and now Vegas.  His friend, 10 years his junior, opened Raku and invited him to join in the operation as they worked together when they were back in New York.  He likes Vegas, though he doesn't think much of his local competitors in Japanese food.  The only alcoholic drink he'll drink is beer because he is at work.  He'll tell you what's fresh, so just ask.  He mixes the sauces in the restaurant himself...  and let me tell you, they are great condiments to the grilled skewers.There's a mild but complex soy sauce that is a blend of different types of soy sauce and other mixtures, one of which is green tea.  There is a chili pepper blend that has a nice bite to it and a pepper soaked in some blend that is making my mouth water as I recall topping my kurobuta pork cheeks with it last night.  The salt has ground green tea mixed in.  There is a careful level of attention paid to every level of culinary experience at this place.At that time, the restaurant was empty.  It reminded me of that painting, Nighthawks at the Diner, though Raku is nothing like that diner in that painting.  Raku is very intimate and elegantly decorated inside.  Dark lit...  it had a retro / nostalgic feel to it.  The fact that it was empty must have been because it was late and the economy is really hurting...  but Kani says they still get a late night rush before they close.  They're really busy from when they open at 6 pm to 11 pm -- so if you want to chat with the chef or staff, come late.I never imagined I can have this good quality food late at night.  I always thought I'd have to resort to IHOP or some other gastronomic compromise -- but with Raku, you get good quality, late night food and good company.  It's your Vegas Japanese Cheers.  Three cheers for Raku!Banzai!  Banzai!  Banzai!
5	Try the tofu!  If they have a tofu special, get it!  They had the agedashi tofu as a special and it was absolutely yummy.  It came with fish eggs and spicy chili sauce on the side.  The best!We also had the kobe filet with wasabi and it is all that the other reviewers have made it out to be, and more.It's hard to find good soba in this town and they did it perfectly.  It comes with Bonito, fish eggs, shaved carrots and daikon.  Very flavorful.Anything with foie gras is terrific (and unique in a Japanese restaurant) and the foie gras soup with noodles was no exception. The only beer that they seem to have is Sapporo on tap but I ain't complaining.  You can get a pitcher for $24 and that's enough for two big beer drinkers.Desserts are awesome and come with free barley tea, which is yummy and apparently unlimited because they just kept pouring.  We had the green tea creme brulee and the bubbling pudding.  Both were excellent.The restroom is also very interesting, as others have said.  Fresh flower petals on the floor and the toilet tank.  Fake flowers all over the ceiling and little birds chirping.  My husband said there was a $5 bill when he went in and asked me if that was part of the ambiance.  I don't think so.  Either someone thought that they needed to tip or were really careless with their money.  He just left it there.  The decor was so random, he figured it was part of the scenery.  :)The service was terrific.  I'm not sure what problems other people had, but the servers there were very good and responsive. Finally, MAKE RESERVATIONS!  It is really tiny and people who just show up have to wait (although they do give you free food if you wait really long... the table next to us waited about 45 minutes and got free shrimp).  We made reservations the day before with no problem.  But this may change because they just got the James Beard award for best new restaurant in Vegas.Next time I will see if we can get omakase and the sake tasting.  They have a sake tasting for $14.  You get three different kinds of sake.  But after a whole pitcher of Sapporo, we were done.  I'll update if we manage to implement operation omakase.
5	My wife and I went here on a recommendation from a friend and found the food to be absolutely fantastic.  Every single dish was well cooked and delicious.  I especially recommend the agedashi tofu.  It's a creamy homemade tofu dish that even tofu haters will love.  I could eat this every day.Service can take a little while so it's not a place to go if you're in a hurry.  Also, the dining room is small so make a reservation.
5	It seems everyone has already raved about the food and rightly so, this place is top notch when in comes to portraying Japanese bar food, but nobody has mentioned how crazy the bathroom is. What sane person puts flower petals on the top of the toliet and the floor of a bathroom? A crazy woman that has obviously never lived with a man before, that's who. Granted it's a restaurant and you should expect some decorum from the customers when they use the room, but I could forsee some unsettling situations happening, especially with the smooth sakes that go down like water. Oh and the waitresses were kind enough to sit down and take pictures with my group all while smiling and giggling the whole time.
3	OK folks, been there .. ate there ... and 5 stars???Visited in a party of 4 early in the evening.  I have to say, their menu is pretty big.  Hard to make a decision on what to have .. so we went with most of the items on their special menu.The handmade tofu is delicious.  We tried both the raw & fried tofu.  Delicious.  We had a clam soup which was really salty.  But what really took away stars was our Miso Kobe Beef.  The cook over cooked the Kobe which made it tough.  Really tough.  And not just once.  But twice.  Yup, ordered two orders which came out about 10 minutes apart.  Both tougher than rubber.Who over cooks Kobe beef at $13+ for 4 small cubes.  Raku is tucked in the back corner of a strip mall near Chinatown.  There is very limited seating, so make sure you make a reservation.
5	Without a doubt, the best Japanese restaurant in Vegas.
5	Definitely one of the very best Japanese restaurants I've ever enjoyed. Try the freshly made Tofu, it is very rich and one of a kind.
5	It takes a lot to really impress me. Ichiza is one of my favorites. But I came here with an open mind. When we ate here it was definitely an experience. The place is small and limited seating. But I can understand how they make really good money. The decor is modern japanese. The food was way good. We ordered a lot of different foods. I didn't try the fois gras because my roommate doesn't agree eating it. So out of respect I didn't do it. But most of the specials we did order.YellowTail Carpaccio - Not really carpaccio - it was more sashimi in a spicy sweet sauce. Definitely Fantastic and fresh tasting.Pompona - Fried fish with broiled squid steak in a dashi broth. WOW. I killed the head and tail. Ate it bones and all.Bamboo Shoots. - Never had it fresh and tasted like corn and charred grill, Sweet and outstanding. Ordered 2Kobe Miso Skewer - Ordered a bunch...WTF - It was Bananas.....Blue fin Tuna - 18 dollars - from Japan - AMAZING!Rock Cod - Yes looked fun and interactive served with radish and we tore that fish up. It was fresh and sweet and perfect. $30Kurobata Pork Cheek. Ordered 5 of them Mushroom and Bacn - YumoChicken Thighs - Eh I liked Ichiza BetterScallop....WAS BANANAS B-A-N-A-N-A-STakana Inari - Pretty good with the green stuff in it.Kobe Beef with Garlic....MmmmmmmGrilled Duck with Soy..............OMFG  NUM NUM NUMBTW Order rice by the pot - We ordered a bunch of rice - and 2 dollars a bowl adds up....
5	I just got home from a long day ending with Errol closing the restaurant early. Errol is my partner in crime. He's the chef to my mixology...with A.D.D. We went to dinner at a place called Raku. Now seriously. I don't say this much but there are two real Japanese Restaurants in this city. Ichiza and Raku. It was Errol's first time and I wanted him to share the experience and passion that I feel for the industry. Raku is a small place in a strip mall next to Ozzy's Bar and Lounge or somethin like that. It's hidden behind a building and it's front is covered with a giant cloth that makes it look like a tent. But inside is a restaurant that rivals anything put out on the strip. He sat and told me this was exactly the type of restaurant he wanted to open. I knew that and marveled at the fact that I would give him this everlasting experience. Raku houses about 8 or 9 tables and averages 60-100 covers a day. The decor inside is simple, modern and minimalistic. We started out with a sake flight of a nice Junmai, then an unpasturized sake, finally a Nigori. We ordered a lot from the menu. Agadashi Tofu....Homemade tofu in rich brown broth with seaweed green onions, ikura(Salmon Roe), and other things I probably don't know. We ordered the special blue fin tuna. It was so succulent and melted in your mouth with fresh wasabi. WHO HAS FRESH WASABI??? So hard to find. We ended up ordering two. Kurobata pork cheek skewers, lamb chops, two skewers of Kobe beef outside skirt with fried garlic. All were amazingly cooked to perfection. Simple and clean. Bamboo shoots. Fresh bamboo...grilled over open coals and it tasted like the sweetest corn you have ever tasted. Finally Foie gras. Now normally I don't eat foie due to force feeding geese, however the French have passed a law to have them naturally feed. So I didn't mind so much. The foie was skewered and cooked so well it was caramelized in color. We sat and tried to figure out the ingredients it was ridiculous. The chef/owner was Enzo-San and he showed us a lot of his little secrets. Errol literally said it's one of the best meals he has ever had. I think we came to the conclusion of our passion. The passion for the art of food and drink. We both realize we're not trying to be rich. Even though we have the means to do so. I think we both enjoy the art. I want you to come to me and say. Make me a drink that will blow me away. Not just make me a Red bull vodka.  I don't want to make that. I don't wanna make a Jack and Coke, or Midori Sour. I wanna blow your fuckin mind. I wanna make you cocktail on the fly with fresh ingredients that just make you say "Damn." I want that in my restaurant. Five cocktails. Different every day. If you see me and stop and say, "Make me somethin special." I wanna be stumped and say "yes," I wanna work hard and take 10 minutes to absorb your essence and make a cocktail especially for you. Just like Errol he wants to just cook for you. Not off the menu. Just something to blow your mind and have creative freedom.That's the customers I want. We both agreed if we were completely wealthy and didn't need to work. We would still do this just to challenge ourselves and strive to be the best.We talked about Epicurean. Now he's inspired to do food related to what we ate. Not to mimic...but to pay homage to the traditional way and add a molecular twist.I'm still doing my 3 cocktails...but I'm still inspired to do one more in a molecular sense with no glass - maybe a cocktail hors devours. Today I talked to one of my best friends Davey Diaz from KLUC and DJ Donny to help me with lighting. Yes I'm gonna light up our motherfuckin restaurant. If Hefner decided to give us the big booth. I'm gonna blow your senses out of the water. So now I'm ready, and I realize how much love I have for my craft. It took me years to figure that out. I hope that people are inspired who don't know what they want to do with their lives that it takes time and patience and motivation. Not just for the craft. But for life and the world around you. Inspire yourself through culture and love for the human race. We realize that we aren't targeting Americans for our restaurant. We target the people who love and care for culture and adventure.
5	I imagine that anyone who doesn't like Raku has never had food quite like this before. Everything we tried was exceptional! I don't know what I'm going to do now that I'll be going home and can't have the soy sauce the chef makes there. Anything Kobe that you find here is orgasmic, the hot pots are to die for, and the tofu is an experience (even my husband enjoyed it and he swears he doesn't like tofu). We ended up going two nights in a row and plan to eat here one last time before leaving Vegas (we're only in Vegas for 6 nights). I would come back to Vegas JUST to eat at Raku. It may be a small restaurant but the staff is very attentive and we could find nothing wrong with this place.
5	Getting away from the strip just to have japanese bar food?  Prior to coming to Las Vegas, I read a very small article on Travel and Leisure magazine about this place.  Since it was up the street from the hotel I am staying, this trip transported me to Japan via a strip mall.  I got in just as it opened and welcomed me ( in japanese) .  Being the first customer there I recognized this is a small place(31 seats). Reservations are a must .  But when you get in, be prepared to be amazed by the food presented at the table ( or bar).  Anything  that you order will astound your taste buds, especially if  you order from the specials menu. Their signature item is the agedashi tofu- tofu made in house with dashi broth, tiny mushrooms, fish eggs and a little hot sauce on rim of the bowl.  This will redefine what tofu should taste like- soft and silky smooth.  The kobe beef skewers were awesome: two skewers, one laced with garlic, the other  in miso.  But the third special item, negi toro, was sublime (toro chopped up fine to a near paste); combined with real wasabi and homemade soy sauce(yes, homemade, not kikkoman). Service was exceptional and very friendly as if you were a long time customer.  Definitely worth the flight back to Vegas to eat again. p.s. check out the bathroom.
4	After all the reviews and all the buzz I decided to stop by and try this place. The place is small, I mean small but it was nice, very comfortable, cozy atmosphere. It is a challenge to locate this place but once you find it give yourself a boy/girl scout patch.The food was delicious. My meal consisted of Kobe beef skewers with wasabi, lamb chops, yellowtail tuna, agedashi tofu, pork belly, pork cheek skewers and foie grois. The menu was quite immense and the prices were not bad at first glance but everything adds up quick. The only thing I did not like is that some of the dishes started to taste similar due to the fact that it had the same base of sweet soy. The alcohol mark up was a bit high so be careful with your alcohol. Overall, it was a great experience.PSMake sure you ask the server how much the "specials of the day"  cost. They bring you a chalkboard with all the specials that sound so appetizing and you end up ordering a lot. . Just be careful because it may surprise you when you get your check.
5	Went here on a whim while in Vegas for the weekend.  No reservations, we didnt realize how tiny it was and how popular it was.  They fit us in which was very much appreciated.  This place is amazing!  Everything we ordered was...whats another word for amazing? Extraordinary!  Seriously...the sake is perfectly ice cold, the beers are nice and cold. We had:fried tofu in brothchicken portobella skewerkobe filet skewercrispy shrimp (so amazing)and a squid special that was expensive but so different than anything we have ever had - the whole squid by the way - a pretty big one.I cant wait to go back to Vegas just to return to this place.  In fact I want to move to Vegas just so I can become a regular here.The service is great the ambiance is good.  Bathroom is super cute like others have said.  They put a lot of thought into the space and  it shows!Vegas this weekend anyone?
4	My Fiance and I went to Raku last night around 9 pm.  We had reservations and were sat right away.  The ambiance of the place reminds us of a small Japanese eatery with a clean and simple decor.  The server addressed our drink order right away and we began to place our order.Agedashi Tofu-Deep fried tofu served in a soy based broth and salmon egg /seaweed/green onion garnish.Oden- Fish cake, radish, house tofu in fish broth and spicy mustard.Asparagus wrapped with bacon skewers.Ika (squid) sashimi from Japan.Grilled Ika (squid)Nagasaki grilled Mackerel with grated radishFoie gras rice bowlJapanese BlueFina Tuna sashimiYellowtail CarpaccioThe dishes we really enjoyed were the Agedashi tofu, Blue Fin Tuna and the mackerel.  The bill was around $185 with tip for 2 people. We just ordered a bunch of different dishes to try but I think the next time it will be cheaper because we ordered a lot of specials.  We recommend this place for all who enjoy Japanese high end drinking foods.
5	you havent had agedashi tofu till uve eaten it at raku. homemade tofu -- made by the hands of an eighty-year old japanese granny (alright, i dont know who made e tofu, but its good) -- dipped in egg, fried to a fluffy pillow of goodness and floating amongst ikura in a soy-based broth.imagine rolling the tofu in ur mouth against the ikura -- its like an explosion of textures and flavors. i think i jizzed in my pants. the fluffy cheesecake was another star. its more mousse-like than to cake but still very good. the tofu and cheesecake alone are worth 5 stars.the kobe beef w wasabi,  yellowtail carpaccio, grilled rice balls, and bacon wrapped everything on sticks were gd, but paled in comparison to the the tofu and cheesecake.
4	This place is small, cute and clean. Service is very attentive and friendly. A nice place for a romantic night out. Just make sure you make a reservation before you come.The Agedashi or Raku Tofu is a must. I love Tofu so we ordered the fried and the non fried version and both were absolutely delicious. My highlight of the evening.Apart from that we had:Lamb Chop ++++Sea Urchin with Seaweed Soup ++++Braised Pork Belly. This was a special. OMG!  If you order it, make sure you order it towards the end because it is sooooooo filling! Let me tell you that this pork belly literally melts in your mouth. It's fatty, silky and very very tender at the same time. +++++ My hubbies favorite for the nightGrilled Okra ++++ Loved the grilled taste of itOden ++ Never ever had it in my life. So it was an experience. It's basically like a hot pot and you order the ingredients that comes with it. The broth and the ingredients we ordered were very very blend. The highlight here was definetly the filled napa cabbage. The tube fish had no taste whatsoever. The fish cake, radish and dough were so so. I could have skipped this one.Chicken Wings ++++ deliciousAs I am pregnant I could not try the Kobe Beef (it would had to be well done. And who wants to eat Kobe Beef well done??) or Foie Gras (eating liver during pregnancy should be avoided by any means) dishes. I would have loved to. Next time...All in all it was a great experience. The target group is different than over at Ichiza. You will find more older, settled and dressed up crowd here. The bill came out to be around 55 USD incl. tip for 2 ( we had no alcohol)
3	it was ok for me
5	Now the whole world knows about Raku and you better make reservations if you want to get in.  Tastes just like Tokyo gourmet pub style.
2	I have traveled to Japan many times and recently brought my wife on my last trip. She's not a big sushi fan, so instead we discovered 'Yakitori' and what a delight. There's nothing better then to sit at a bar and watch your meat sticks getting cooked while drinking super cold beer. With such a great experience my wife and I found this restaurant while in Vegas and we were excited to get more of the 'Yakitori' experience. I would say that Raku has potential but no where near a true yakitori joint. When we got there the two tables to our side were empty. We started with a few plates and ordered the calamari special. Twenty minutes later both tables to our side were seated and ten minutes after that both were getting served food that we had ordered and not yet received. After getting something here and there we still hadn't received most of our food including the calamari.. and this is going on an hour.. I asked the waitress and her exact quote was "Calamari takes a really long time to cook?  After asking for the bill, the calamari came and the rest of the 6 plates we had ordered.... For some reason our table was totally ignored. This place is ok if you haven't had the real deal, but I would never go back...
4	Honestly 3.5, but I'm trying to be fair to this place since we weren't being adventurous enough and didn't really try anything that exciting! Perhaps it's a true 4 star if you like tofu, urchin, etc. I'll preface this by saying I do truly hate tofu, so I'm going to wait to try this famous tofu another time when I have a tofu lover in-tow. I couldn't justify spending the money on it if it turned out to taste like normal tofu!Yellowtail carpaccio - decent, but for $11 I wasn't super impressed. It tasted fresh, but it wasn't melt in your mouth amazing or anything. Pork Cheek - again ,pretty good, but I much prefer pork belly myself. We ordered  1 order for 2 of us and weren't all that anxious to get another one. Lamb chop - Very tasty. Would I come back here just for this lamb chop? No, but I can say it was prepared perfectly. Duck - I think this may have been my favorite. Sad there were only 3 tiny bites on it. Kobe with garlic - fiance's fav. I've had better kobe elsewhere, but it did taste good. Foie gras - I do LOVE foie gras, so I loved this.. but.... it doesn't compare to the interesting creative foie gras preparations I've had at Ogden, Nobu, etc. Where's my peanut foam or pomegranate jelly? It was well prepared, but I can say that about 90% of the foie gras I've eaten in my life. With a cut this fatty you need acid or a starch to cut it, but this was just fat on a plate. We wanted to try the potato-corn thingy, but they were out. Cost: $60 for 2 of us, we definitely left still hungry. Definitely be sure to ask the price on the specials - most of the ones we were considering were $18+++.
5	Wonderful little place hidden in a strip mall.  Loved the bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, so much that i ordered a second order! The pork cheek, simple tofu salad, chicken stuffed mushroom, and kobe with wasabi were also winners. For desert we had a heavenly brown sugar pudding.  And the ton of  food we ordered was super cheap, especially considering the prices on the strip. They offer wine and saki flights, and the service is friendly and helpful. Those out on vacation should take a moment off the strip, it's worth it! And of course the locals hit the jackpot here.
5	Located a short but beautiful cab ride away from the strip, through what I think of as Little Asia, sits Raku at the back of a strip mall. It can be difficult to see Raku from the street, where it is tucked away. In my mind I am calling the neighborhood Little Asia because the retail and dining options of China, Japan, Thailand, Vietnam and more all merge together in shiny brightly lit strip malls merging as one long neon streak as your taxi zooms toward its destination.Our server's husband was sitting at the bar with us, and it turns out he is a sake rep. It was a bit like sitting with our own personal sake sommelier. He works for World Sake Imports, and kindly and deftly guided us through a couple of beautiful sakes. I really have never met a sake I didn't like, so I am an easy and willing victim. We started with a 10 oz bottle of "" Dewazakura "Sakura Boy". Light and lovely, without any of the distinguishing melon flavors I sometimes love in a cold sake. This was slightly dry and linear and it was great.Over our shoulder, we spied someone eating a beautiful giant squid dish that was not on the regular menu. The main body of the squid was served as sashimi, while the upper tentacles were marinated and grilled.  I love a little squid sashimi, and this was not a little. It can be hard to chew, so be careful how much you put in your mouth at once.  The tentacles were marvelous however, and we had no problem gobbling these down.Another item not on the regular menu you will find online, is a Kurobuta pork belly in a dark sauce. Delicious and incredibly fatty. In most western restaurants I find the pork belly to be cooked so that the fat is served more solid. The flavors here are delicious, but the meat fell from the flesh readily making it easy to separate the muscle from fat. Please, don't hate me. Each bite was still thoroughly embedded in silky fatty flavorful tissue. However, the amount of fat in the dish altogether was a little overwhelming. Bitter greens on the side were psychotically and deliciously infused with fat and sauce. My mouth waters for them.Hands down my favorite dish of the evening was the agedashi tofu. ZOMG. What? How have I never had this before? Where can I get a Los Angeleno equivalent? The soft tofu here is homemade, served in a hot savory/sweet broth with green onions, ginger and ikura on top. I want a vat of this. I want to roll around in it like a dog. Want.The second bottle our new friend suggested was Dewasansan Junmai Ginjo. This bottle exhibited more of the fruitlike flavors I love. It is so beautiful I treated myself to a glass a couple nights later at Restaurant Charlie, despite the fact that Trotter's booze mark up is ass-rapingly ridiculous. $40 for a glass of Veuve Cliquot Yellow Label. Really? I understand a healthy booze mark-up to cover costs, but Trotter may have lost his mind a little. I digress. This is a fantastic sake, anytime, anywhere at any price (kinda).The last item we nommed on was suggested by our friend the sake rep. A chicken breast wrapped in skin, from the robata.This was outstanding. The most succulent, tantalizing piece of chicken I have ever put in my mouth. It needed no sauce and no formal introduction.Such a beautiful little breast of chicken, protected from the hot fires of the grill by an insulating piece of chicken skin.I was sent to Raku by Tony of Sinosoul, as a sort-of challenge. He has deep disdain for The Open Door Izakaya in Monterey Park, and I liked it quite a bit. My answer to this challenge is that one cannot compare The Open Door to Raku, it is apples to oranges. The Open Door is a lovely little spot for fairly white-washed but yummy Japanese pub food. Raku is excellent, much more authentic food of the same genre but perhaps not always to the tastes of people who enjoy their food less exotic.
5	What a great little gem. Believe all the reviews. It's not your standard fare so if you're not a little adventurous you may not like it but if you are, you'll have a -wonderful- meal!
5	Japanese Charcoal Grill - HOT DAM!  Flavors Galore!If you order one thing order Kobe beef tendon.  Smokey flavor, so rich it melts in your mouth and you can only eat two orders.  If you can eat more you are a sick sick person.  :PTapas of the Japanese world everything is done well here.  Pig ears to pork cheek, your mouth to your belly, you won't go wrong trying everything here.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  Don't forget the sake too.  The good sake is served cold.  Definitely a place I will hit up next time I go to LV.  Save some Beef Tendon for me!
5	When you go for a late dinner at 9 and are told you will have to wait 2 hours to get seated, then come back to find that people are still pouring in after you've started your meal, you know you are in for a treat. I won't go on about how awesome the food is, since everyone else has beat me to it. But I will tell you that you want to eat there. And try the sake, it truly is the best I've ever had.
5	Wow...and wow again.. some of the best food I 've had in a long time and I mean it. Service was friendly, efficient and very helpful too... small restaurant.. Some of best sashimi.. housemade tofu, pig ears, kobe beef skewers....a must try
5	I am a fanatic on Japanese food, after reading the reviews on Yelp about this place... I decided to try it out on my short 3 day trip to Vegas.  This place is without a doubt the best Japanese BBQ I ever had.  Every dish is a surprise one after another, the deserts are heavenly too.  This place is actually so good that I went there again on the following night.  Thank god Raku is not located in one of those fancy hotels on the strip or else everything they sell would be double the price.
5	I must have drove past this place a million times without knowing the value of this restaurant. This clandestine restaurant is truly a diamond in the rough. Raku seats 30 bodies max which is surprising because the Korean BBQ next door can seat 200 ghosts easy.  To say Raku is the savior of their plaza is an understatement.The ambiance:Tight quarters, intimate, romantic, urban chic. You truly feel special the fact that you are the one getting served while the eyes of hundreds and vying for your spot. The food:The dishes speak for themselves. Chef Endo is my hero for crafting such wonderful treats. Every dish feels like a million bucks.  The homemade Agedashi Tofu in soy sauce is like heaven. Blue Fin Tuna special is as fresh as catching it yourself.  Anything from the Robata grill is fantastic. The cost:So call me snooty for not loving the flavors of something non-organic. I prefer to pay more for organic free-range because I feel safe for my body.  Corn fed things are not appealing to me. I live in Vegas so I understand the glam but I still do not agree with the motto: "Well it's Vegas, so let's hike up the price 100% so people think it's really quality." So for Raku, the price is fair to my standards. Presentation + quality of ingredient + creativity of flavors = $9 Agedashi Tofu. WOO HOO I found my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
5	The Agedashi Tofu is the best thing I've eaten in Las Vegas in over four years. Out of this world! Here's how you eat it... first, enjoy the broth without mixing in the little toppings sitting on the puffy tofu cloud. This is a dish that morphs in flavor as you eat it. So, broth then broth + tofu (careful - extremely hot when it first is set before you). Then as you eat your way around the garnish-toppings, toss in a little of the roe and toasted seaweed, and green onion. As you complete the dish, you'll notice the flavors changing as the broth is flavored with those little items. So simple, so heavenly. I dare anyone who doesn't like tofu to not love this dish. Phenomenal.Pork cheek - very yummy with robata flavor. Duck + balsamic, also tasty, but only three pieces. Chicken in baby portabella - ok.Bill: $20. Still kinda hungry, but the Agedashi Tofu will bring me back.
5	The atmosphere, service and the artistry of the food quality and presentation--this is the closest to Japan that you can get in Las Vegas!Favorites are soba salad, pork belly, Japanese Mushroom and everything on the menu! Even the service of the Japanese waiter/Waitresses make you feel like you are in Japan. They open the door for you as you leave and bow. The whole staff says, "Moshi Moshi" (I know places here do that, but its different here, it makes you feel like you are in Japan). RAKU is just DEE-LISH!
5	Full review w/ Pics in blog.Beginning first with some appetizers my first choice was Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe.  Arriving after a short wait and in an ample portion the dish consisted of a cool broth with a warm poached egg paired with a creamy Uni tongue and given a myriad of flavors and textures from a "soup" of snappy mountain yams, earthy hon-shimeji mushrooms, salty salmon roe, and pungent green onions.  Breaking the egg and stirring the broth it thickened quickly giving the whole dish a mellow and creamy texture that paired beautifully with the fresh uni and other ingredients - at $7 this may have been the most affordable uni I'd ever experienced with such great taste and honestly I would go back to Raku just to experience this dish again.Arriving shortly after my first plate was finished - and with an explanation of all the little jars and bottles in front of me (a matcha sea salt, a house made soy, a japanese pepper + rice vinegar, and a chili infused oil) - Seafood with Bonito Guts Pickled in Salt looked and smelled much better than the name would arouse in one's imagination.  As others have mentioned, I really do not understand how this dish was a mere $6.  A heaping bowl filled with a mix of sashimi yellowfin, jackfish, salmon, mackerel, and sprouts each fish was extremely fresh and the sprouts lent some texture to the fleshy-melt-in-your-mouth fishes.  Topping the dish, according to my young server, was a combination of the house soy and the vinegar.  Adding a bit more soy to the already salty mix made the flavor perfect, in my opinion, though I do believe the dish could have benefited from some daikon or perhaps a crisp starch to add a bit more texture.The next dish - well, let's just say it was so good that I ordered a second portion as my main course.  Entitled simply Steamed Egg Custard with Foie Gras the dish looked simple enough - a miso broth with scallions and a piece of Robata duck floating in the broth.  What laid beneath the broth, however, was the true treasure of the dish - a rich and hearty chawanmushi (egg custard) laden with ample accents of foie gras.  When stirred up with the wooden spoon the foie tones rose amply to the palate with the whole dish tasting like the combination of a sweet egg custard and an unctuous foie gras terrine.  While the grilled duck added a fine degree of texture to the dish, I personally thought the duck was a slight bit gamey - not bad, just not perfect.  Seeing this dish also offered in the noodle section as an Udon accompaniment I inquired from my server as to whether I could get that dish as a main course, but instead substitute the robata foie gras for the duck.  Not quite understanding my question my server went and got another server who understood perfectly, asked the chef, and assured me this would be no problem.  Receiving this dish after my robata choices and just before dessert I would strongly suggest anyone who attends Raku try this substitution for two reasons - number one, the manner in which the robata grill's high temperatures crisps the foie gras exterior while leaving the center fatty and smooth is unlike anything I've previously experienced - the charring actually mellows the foie all on its own and the texture is more "firm," not unlike the roasted version I had at Blackbird in Chicago, actually.  Number two - those udon noodles served thin and cold to be dunked into a broth of foie gras, egg custard, and more foie gras...think "chicken soup" in its perfect form.Between my two foie dishes I decided to indulge in a couple of Raku's robata skewers - Chicken Breast with Skin.  Fresh organic chicken wrapped in its own skin and cooked to crispy this dish presented some of the most juicy chicken I've had in some time while the addition of the skin added a crisp "crackle" without any breading - better than the Colonel without all the carbs and oil.  Adding first the soy and then the salt I have to say I was quite impressed by the manner in which the matcha's bitter texture worked with the savorieness of the chicken and salt.Robata course two was Kurobuta pork cheek and it, like the chicken, was excellent.  Typically quite fatty the high heat of the grill managed to melt the collagen perfectly while burning off some of the fat and only mildly crisping the skin.  The 'rarest' pork I've had since the chop at Babbo I found this to be my favorite, tastewise, of the robtata items and would compare it favorably to some of the better pork belly dishes I've had in terms of taste, texture, and fat to meat ratio.The third robata course was something I've never eaten - Pigs Ears.  Sure I've had trotters, tail, tete, belly, cheek, and all the standard cuts - but not ear.  As others have stated - wow.  Crispy and salty on the outside, fatty next, and a thin chewy layer of cartilage in the middle - almost a 5-layer sandwich with each layer giving a different taste and texture experience.
5	The Agedashi Tofu is the best tofu preparation I've ever had; I can usually take or leave tofu, but this dish seduced me. I will never go to Vegas again without stopping here to have some more of it. Also the foie gras was excellent, as were the Kobe Beef, the pork belly, sashimi, everything.  The service was friendly and efficient; the wait staff were happy to explain menu items in detail; what they did not do was tell us the price of the specials on the board as they described them.  We foolishly ordered one of each, only to find when we got the check that they had each been $32!  They also charged me $30 each for my two glasses of house chardonnay.  That part we were able to straighten out, but I wonder about people who don't check their bill carefully.  i wouldn't like to think that they make this kind of error too often.  The food though, was to die for and the friendliness of their farewells to every party made this a wonderful experience over all.  Ordering all the specials at $32 each was our mistake, we should have asked the price I guess.  Each of the specials was perfect so we were happy to have had them anyway.
5	Sadly the only time I have gone to Raku was for a benefit. However the food was ROCKIN, these guys have such a different take on griilin! I am looking foreward to going back.
5	This place was a bit small, but it reminds me of some sushi restaurants in Cali due to the many different variety of Japanese food you can find on the menu. I haven't been to another Japanese restaurant that has fresh sea urchin, etc. like this one. I will definitely go back again.
5	raku is a hidden gem in LV...  this is a must go to restaurant when i go back to LV...  we started with a pitcher of sapparo and ended up drinking 2...  but let me say these were no standard size pitchers (they were pretty big)...  for dinner we had the foie gras (which was awesome), pig ears (which were also awesome), chicken breast skewer wrapped in chicken skin, home made tofu, lobster (which they used the shell and head to make miso soup with), tuna, pork intestine, kobe beef with wasabi...  all the dishes were awesome...  it's a pretty small restaurant, so you need to make a reservation ahead of time...  h-100...
4	A true gem hidden off the Vegas strip.  A co-worker recommended this place after eating here every night during his stay here.  I've eaten here once a week so far. The izakaya style food is so unique, flavors I've never had before.My favorites are the poached egg with sea urchin and ikura with yamaimo, and of course the homemade tofu special (one is cold and the other is agedashi style). The cold special udon with foie gras chawanmushi style in broth was just exquisite.I always eat way too much that I can never fit in the desserts I want to try out - fluffly cheesecake. Well I'll be sure to try it next week I'm there.  Finding hidden gems like this place makes it bearable working here every week on a project in Vegas.By the way, this place closes at 3am!!! And it looks like the owner is expanding his restaurant to the space next door.
5	Amy C. I must thank you.  I thank you from the bottom of my heart.  You were the last droplets of water in my canteen that got me across the desert and showed me safe passage through Las Vegas, and helped me avoid the massive amount buffet food and pricey celebrity chef endorsed restaurants that line the strip.  I never expected to find, Japanese food that would not only cure my cravings, but also cure my homesickness of living out of a suitcase in a hotel.We ordered quite a bit of items, and reviewing my photos, we came  pretty close to about 17 dishes between the three of us, and boy we left full!  I enjoyed each dish that came out but I will highlight a few that were so good, that they almost knocked me out of my seat. The Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe was from the cold appetizer section, what more could you ask for, three eggs from three different animals are in this dish, throw in nameko mushrooms, and thin slices of okra in a light soy based sauce, you get a dish with an amazing texture.  I'm sure it the type of texture that can horrify some people who aren't used to it, because of the slimy texture that all these ingredients bring to the table, but just by pouring this on our rice, the flavors, the textures it all worked.  I grew up with this texture, and I was instantly swept up in waves of nostalgia from my childhood as I ate this dish.  I loved this dish.The Fried Homemade Tofu in Hot Broth, agedashi dofu is another dish that I love.  And I've had great ones, and quite a few not so great ones, but this one was delicious, it had the consistency and texture you can only get from homemade tofu, additionally, they choose to keep it in a larger block rather then to cut it into smaller cubes for the purpose of allowing you to actually be able to taste the tofu, with the crispy fried batter, swimming in a tentsuyu broth with green onion, salmon roe and nameko mushrooms.  Yaki onigiri was great and I liked how they did the traditional soy sauce one, but then did another one sandwiched in between shiso leaves and a little miso paste.  The only little critique I had on the soy sauce one was I wished they cooked it on the robata grill a little longer, I do like to getting a little char on it and I love to munch on the little crispy bits of rice on my onigiri.  But that is just a personal preference of mine.  Grilled Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce - The duck was perfectly cooked, it had a little color inside and the balsamic soy sauce provided a nice seasoning and acidity to the dish.Kobe Beef Fillet with Wasabi - I had this in a few steakhouses back in Japan.  It took me back.Potato with Corn - This dish perplexed me and all of my dinner companions.  It was delicious, but more so we were in deep conversation during the consumption of this and for the duration of our trip, "How in the world did he do this?"  We have a couple of ideas in principal, but how the person who did this and executed it so flawlessly, we are honestly still at a loss.  I think just order it, try it and you will see what we were on about. For dessert we the sorbet flavors of the day, they had a Mandarin Sorbet and Watermelon Sorbet.  I would probably have to say that their sorbet had larger ice crystals, (leading to a texture more similar to a granita siciliana) compared to a sorbet which has smaller ice crystals creating a much smoother texture.  Definitions of texture aside, both sorbets were very good and was a nice way to cleanse the pallet.  We also ordered the Meltin' and Creamy Chocolate Cake, on our server's recommendation, they make this one to order and they need at least 15-20 minutes to make this dessert, we were in no rush, we were enjoying our meal.  It was basically a molten chocolate cake, and with our first cut with the spoon, it gushed out.  The cake was dense and moist, with the molten fudge inside, and a little green tea ice cream, which complemented the dessert.Overall, I wouldn't have expected to find a restaurant like this all the way out in Vegas.  We came for a late dinner, so we had no line, but now that I know that they serve food like this, it's going to be worth the wait.  Now if you are the type of person where the words "all you can eat" or "the world's biggest" sounds appealing, I'm not sure this is the place for you.  But if you like a little variety, and enjoy eating in a tapas style (little plates), believe me, you will leave here full and very satisfied... added bonus you don't have to win big in Vegas to eat here, prices for what you get are extremely reasonable.  This hidden gem, requires a car or taxi to get off the beaten path in Las Vegas but it was worth the effort.  I can't wait to go back.  (I already have a wish list on things I want to try next time....)Thank you Amy C.!  You saved me.
5	Dammit the foie gras chawanmushi is to die for!!!
5	This place is one of my favorite restaurants !  The first few months that it first opened, I was coming here every few days.  It was costly , but well worth it.  Costly , only because I would always get a bottle of sake and order some items off their special  menu.   That said, meals here are reasonable.       Tofu wasn't one of my fav foods until  I tried it here.  Their agedashi tofu and tofu salad are incredible !   Fresh and oh so creamy (waitress said tofu is made daily ).  The other dishes I always get are lamb chops, fois gras , chicken breast w/skin, ground chicken , kobe beef w/wasabi, sashimi salad, and meat intestines in soup.  I usually get a few other items, but these are my core.
3	omg the food here gets 5 stars. but who the fuck do they think they are charging what they charge?they have a teaser section, little appetizers that look cheap, but they easily have other dishes that can reach 30+.service sucked.small ass place. they probably pay rent of like $1000.what a killing they are making off of everyone.however, i loved their toro, sea urchin seaweed soup, and their home made tofu. i remember their food was really good. dont remember what else i had, but i probably will never go back, because of the idiot price and tiny portions.i wish they were cheaper, id be there every week. but no.
5	I finally made it here!!!!  I went with a group of 6, so we got a chef's tasting menu for $35 per head (pretty sweet deal).  I got the roasted green iced tea to start.  The food just kept coming so I hope I can remember it all.  I will have to come back with less than 5 people so I can order a la carte next time.When I got here, I sort of recognized the sushi chef, and he looked at me, but I could not place him.  He came out to talk to me, and remembered me from being a regular at The Ka before The Ka went waaaay downhill more than a year ago!  I was impressed.  His name is Hiro.  He was so kind and also came out to greet me before I left.Blah I know everyone has read that I don't eat pork, so I let everyone else eat the bacon-wrapped asparagus and pork cheek.  I did eat everything else though...fluke sashimi with ankimo (fish liver) and crunchy part of fish with spicy daikon, green onions, and ponzu.  Sliced thin like you see fugu sliced.  What's not to like?  Homemade tofu (like velvety cream) "caprese" with seaweed and tomatoes, agedashi tofu with ikura, fish gutted at our table with daikon then the bones and head were fried and returned, skewered chicken wrapped in its skin - sooo juicy, skewered tender medium rare beef with garlic chips, nut-crusted tempura asparagus, fried chicken skin with spinach leaves and miso..the grand finale was a rice dish served in this big pot where the bottom crisped up the rice (we likey!!) with ikura, salmon flake, green onions, veggies...mmmmmm!!!  I am probably missing something.  We got hot tea at the end too.  Service was great, place is really small and intimate.  Extra points for matcha salt and shichimi togarashi on the tables!!!  I will definitely come back (who wouldn't?)
4	I ate here 19 October 2009. I had the chicken wrapped in it skin, an order of pig cheek, and the house special home made tofu. The day's special was half cold tofu and half warm tofu. All was wonderful. What a cozy place with an absolutely wonderful staff. They truly made the dining experience special.
3	I went to Raku really excited to try their food, only to find out their menu was quite limited for vegetarians. I made an exception that night in terms of eating benito fish (which I found out was in most japanese dishes, even the ones most ppl think of as vegetarian, including me), but even then there wasn't that many choices. The agedashi tofu was excellent and the best I've ever had and i've had a lot of them. Really delicious.I also had the grilled rice balls (miso and soya sauce). The miso one was quite good but the soya one felt a bit dry on the outside and didn't taste much.The grilled tomatoes were pretty good and had a very strong BBQ taste to them which my wife loved. idem for the asparagus.The corn and potato dish was good, but nothing special.I had a good sake that tasted very light and fruity and complimented the food very well. I normally don't like sake (and alcohol in general) but this one, I liked. It's the first one on the sake menu under the 30% section.I might have had a couple of other things but I forget... I rate Raku a 4 because what I had was just good but I also feel like I missed out on all the best they have to offer because of my vetegerianism. It really felt like an authentic japanese restaurant with traditional food and i just got a fraction of the culinary experience they offer. So I wouldn't find it fair to give them a lower rating.
5	Love this place! I've been here twice in the last month or so and each visit gets better and better! My favs:- Steamed Egg Custard with Foie Gras- Fried Homemade Tofu in Hot Broth- Juicy Deep Fried Chicken- Chicken Breast Wrapped with Chicken Skin- Potato with Corn- Fluffy CheesecakeYou can easily spend over $50 for two people here but the food is yummy. Make sure you book a reservation! The place is a bit small but  I didn't mind since the food speaks for itself. Raku, you got me at moshi moshi!
5	OMG...I agreed with most of the reviewers that this is THE best, THE ABSOLUTE best Japanese restaurant...from the special menu board, we ordered:-2 sake sampler-blue fin tuna sashimi: -fried iced fish-agedashi tofu:-kobe beef kalbi w/ garlicfrom the regular menu:-Steamed Egg Custard with Foie Gras-fried pigs ear-kobe beef w/ wasabi-fried shrimp-seafood w/ bonito gut-oden-daikon, seaweed, deep fried bean curd, stuffed napa cabbage-poached egg w/ sea urchin & salmon roe-green tea cream bruleeI must say everything was darn good w/ the exception of oden...first class service, each dish is unique & authentic.....man, I wish I had discover this place earlier...will definite visit every time I come to vegas.
5	This place is like the movie avatar 3D. Super hyped but super good. I'm kind of a snob with Japanese places (see my review of Bonzai restaurant in Temecula) but this is the real deal. Despite being kind of fusion in a way, Raku blew my mind. I'm more of a realist with food, so i'd prefer in-n-out to some fancy-shmancy french restaurant where you leave wondering why your stomach is still growling, so when i saw the menu (foie gras at a japanese place?), i had second thoughts about it. But by the time we left, i was in heaven. This place blew me away.There's a reason we showed up at 1:30AM and there was STILL a 45 minute wait.
5	Easily the hottest restaurant in Vegas and for good reason.  Among other things, the broth here is almost out of this world.  Raku is where the people cooking your food at the omnipresent celebrity chef restaurants on the strip go after work.  You are doing yourself a disservice if you come to Vegas and do not eat here.
5	I really liked Raku.  The place was very small and intimate, and the servers were really polite and helpful.  The decor has a very contemporary look, with dark wood tones.  They have a beautiful bathroom, with individually arranged flower petals on the far corner, and leaves and vines all over the ceiling.  Very pretty.  The regular menu has many treats, and the prices are really very low, though of course the portions are equally small.  Much of the menu consists of robata-grilled skewer dishes, so they're fairly small, but they also mostly run about $4 or $5, with the really expensive things being stuff like Kobe beef or Foie gras.   Something especially of note is the agedashi tofu, which is insanely good.  Even if you don't like tofu, you'll like this tofu.  The special menu is where lots of interesting things are, which are different every day.  Of note was a squid dish whose name I can't recall, but was amazing.Chicken breast with chicken Skin was amazing, enoki mushroom wrapped with bacon was good, Kobe beef with wasabi was good, absolutely loved the duck skewers, and adored the agedashi tofu.  How much you spend is directly dependent on how you buy the food, so pick and choose the things you most want to try if you're on a budget.  Highly recommended, especially for a romantic dinner for two.
5	Came here the last time I went to Vegas (I think Dec 17) around 10:30pm on Saturday night. I'm by no means a Las Vegas local, but I definitely consider this place as another one of those little hidden Japanese gems that people normally don't come to when they're in Vegas..Having been to Vegas multiple times this year, I'm a little tired of the usual hotel buffets (even the good ones). My bf & I decided to look for something not on the strip, but because it was night time, not many restaurants were open. We found Raku after looking for a place that'd be open past midnight (they're open til 3am daily), since we weren't sure what time we'd be out of the hotel.It's located in a small plaza, and I would even go as far as to say it's a bit seedy looking. I didn't feel comfortable parking there, since I'm not from the area and it was somewhat deserted and very dark.. Park I did though, and once I stepped into the restaurant I quickly forgot my worries. My bf & I looked over the menu and to our delight everything sounded delicious to our hungry stomachs.We ordered the following:Bluefin tuna (A special for the day, absolutely delicious. My bf's quote while eating this: "I almost thought I was eating steak for a second")Eggplant (Definitely tasted the sweetness of the eggplant)Kobe beef outside skirt with garlic (2 orders) (Delicious, the garlic slices on top was perfect for the beef)Oden with beef tendon, potato, & egg (Wasn't a fan of the tendon, but the soup the food was in was light and tasty)Potato with corn (2 orders) (I am amazed at how they fit a piece of potato perfectly into the middle of corn slices; it was delicious!)Kurobuta pork cheek (Lots of fat, which I liked)Lamb chop (I'm normally not a fan of lamb chops so I can't say much about this)Kobe beef tendon (2 orders) (Yummy! Melts in your mouth)Chicken thigh (Delicious like everything else)Butter sauteed scallop with soy sauce (Looked better than it tasted IMO, but still pretty good)Grilled duck with balsamic soy sauce (The balsamic soy sauce added a light tangy flavor to the dish)Green tea creme brulee (Came with green tea ice cream on top)Now that I'm back in LA, I plan to try the Raku here. Hopefully it's just as good, if not better!
4	Came here with the bf for a post-show dinner, partly because it was one of the few sit-down restaurants open at that hour.  My initial impression of the place was biased by the fact that I've had amazing izakaya-type food in NY (Sakagura), but looking back, I had a really solid experience at Raku.The agedashi tofu really is THAT good.  I would also recommend the Kobe beef outside skirt with garlic (mmm, we ordered a second round of that) and the pork cheek (if you're not scared of fat).  We had a bottle of sake, described as good for sake or alcohol beginners.  It was very light, smooth and fruity with a dry finish - highly recommended if you don't mind that your sake taste like cider.If I were craving Japanese while in Vegas, I'd come back.
5	This place is amazing and definitely deserves all the high reviews. I was really impressed with the poached egg/ikura/uni dish. Very tasty and creative and will def have to make that myself. The kobe beef liver was great but could have used a little more salt. The 2 veg that I ordered were the asparagus and the enoki mushroom wrapped in bacon. Both were delicious, but add bacon to anything and it tastes better. The foie gras was amazing and I wanted to order 5 more of those things. Not that they were small, but it's just that damn good. I've had foie gras before but the portion size was massive compared to a lot of places I've been. While chatting it up with the chef at the bar, he slid me a bowl of clam on the house. I will definitely become a regular anytime I pass through Vegas again. Great food, polite staff, large sake selection for how small the place is, and good intimate spot off the strip if you want good quality food without all the hype.
5	Chefs eat here!  Forget casino food, this place has some of the best izakaya food you can get on the western half of the U.S.   My relative lives and works in Vegas and her boyfriend (who is a great chef) as well as many other chefs eat here after work, so you know it's gotta be good!  Here's what we ordered:- Fried Homemade tofu in hot broth (Agedashi Tofu):  This is a must have dish, one that I need to get every time I visit most definitely.- Steamed Egg Custard with Foie Gras:  Rich and tasty, served in a cup with spoons to share- Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic:  Delicious, strong-flavored beef skewers  - Kurobuta Pork Cheeks:  Fatty pork tastes sooooo good- Enoki Mushroom Wrapped in Bacon:  fresh on the inside, crispy-juicy on the outside- Chicken Thigh:  Should have ordered the chicken wrapped in skin, though this was good as well (healthier anyway)- Sashimi Salad (Yellowtail, Tuna, Salmon) :  Wow, this was well worth it...lots of fresh sashimi on top of baby greens and slightly spicy dressing.- Potato with Corn:  So simple, but ingeniously done...the center of the "cob" is potato, but it looks like corn cob slices.- Fluffy Cheesecake:   Super light and airy as the name suggests, great ending to the meal.I also expected a big bill, but it was surprisingly reasonable for such fresh quality and cooked on the spot food.  I think it came out to about 30 bucks a person including tip and we were really stuffed.   All in all, I wish I could have tried everything, as I hear great things about the fresh uni, butter scallops and other desserts.  A must-stop for any future visits to Vegas for me!
5	This place is a wonderful hole in the wall! The prices are not cheap, but it's the best quality of sushi-Japanese food you will get in Las Vegas.the dishes are small, just right for tasting.There are many adventurous items to choose from.  The ageddashi tofu was my favorite dish. Great place to try if you love Japanese food or want to try something new.
5	As I am sitting here wishing for some comfort food on a rare rainy day in San Diego, my thoughts turned to Raku's homemade tofu in hot broth. Only one word can describe this dish: UMAMI. But, alas, I will have to wait until I head back to Vegas for another visit.I first read about Raku in Gourmet Magazine's travel section (before its recent demise), and my initial reaction was, "I gots to have it." Taking the road less traveled (off-Strip) was a risk I was willing to take.We dined here last fall, but I wanted to make sure I leave a well-deserved review. I fell in love with Raku's simplicity in its food, decor and friendly staff. My husband and I sat at the counter and watched the chef prepare our food. Here are our recommended plates: Sea Urchin in dashi broth, foie gras in egg custard, fried homemade tofu in hot broth,  and grilled chicken thighs.These dishes were good, but we would skip to have more of the above! Rice balls, grilled Kobe beef tendons, and ground chicken skewers (we were surprised this was one of their Signature dishes).
5	Three words - live uni udon.  Say whaaat??Yeah, you heard me.  Raku sacrifices the lives of innocent sea urchin to serve you their deliciously sweet roe mixed with thin udon in a cool dashi (?) broth.  The whole thing is topped off with salmon eggs, green onions and a chiffonade of shiso.  All this is presented from within the still beautiful (but now deceased) sea urchin shell.Other noteworthy dishes:  Foie Gras custard topped with a seared piece of duck breast.  My husband was too tired to eat his so I ended up eating about one and a half before the richness got to me and I had to stop.  Their homemade tofu is always a must - you can get it half "agedashi" and half served cold.Skewers:  Salmon, pork cheek, tendon...drooooool....If they have it on the specials menu, you must get the ice fish - deep fried whole tiny fishies. When sprinkled with the lemon wedge and the green tea house salt, it's AMAZING.  I tried to get them to sell me their salt (green tea powder, roasted salt and shitake powder is what the waitress told me) but apparently it's proprietary.  Poo!  Well...that just means we have to keep going back to have more.Small place, seats about 35 people, I would, including at the bar.  Stays open late so it's perfect for a 2nd dinner! :D
3	Reservations are a must. This place is indeed tiny. Dined here with my hubby and brother-in-law. BIL lived in Japan for a couple years, he said this was the most authentic he's had since he left. We sampled a variety of dishes. The asparagus in bacon was a favorite along with the homemade tofu, potatoes in corn, and the chicken and egg bowl. Pork cheek and grilled duck were the weakest links. The enoki wrapped in bacon was the most interesting. Check out the bathroom while there, it's definitely unique.
5	Amazing Japanese charcoal grill.  Been many times and have always walked away happy.  Love the grilled dishes - chicken, kobe beef, duck, etc.  They always have a blackboard of daily specials - tuna hot pot, salmon belly & other dishes of fresh fish flown in Japan.  This place gets busy, so call for reservations.  Heard they are expanding, which is good news for Raku fans.
5	Forget Korean tacos, hello Japanese tapas!This was one of my favorite meals in Sin City and it was off the strip, tucked in a mini-mall. I was surprised at how hot this restaurant was on Yelp because it was tiny and unpretentious... unlike the rest of LV. We had the: - Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe- Fried Homemade Tofu in Hot Broth- Kobe Beef Fillet with Wasabi- Kurobuta Pork Cheek- Foie Gras- Enoki Mushroom Wrapped with Bacon- Cold Udon Noodle with Foie Gras Custard Soup- Fluffy CheesecakeEverything was small but incredibly flavorful. All the meats danced and melted on my tongue. You know a restaurant is a winner when it can charge $10 for tofu and I can leave without bitching, whining, or crying. The only item that I wouldn't order again is the cheesecake, but then again--I should've known better than to get that at a charcoal grill.I wish Raku would move to SF... because I'm not that interested in relocating to LV.
5	Raku has totally changed my idea of Japanese food and small plates. I had such an amazing meal here I have been hesitating on writing this review because I feel like I won't do it justice, but here goes... The place is small and we went without reservations (gasp!). Got a spot at the bar luckily and then my life as a foodie changed. We started with the deep fried tofu in hot broth-I am not really a huge tofu fan being more of a carnivore but I am so glad I tried it. The texture and taste of this dish is so progressional it's mindblowing. The tofu starts off so solid and crispy on the outside towards the edges and then as you work your way in it starts to fall apart and almost melt into the broth forming a soup. So good.Next up was the balsamic glazed duck skewer which might have been my favorite skewer of the night, perfectly cooked. We also were able to try the Kobe with garlic. I really enjoyed the crispy garlic slices, and the beef was good but not the best I have had. The pork cheek was nice and fatty, the lamb chop was well cooked (in general I am not a giant fan of lamb but I did enjoy this so that must mean something).For the "vegetable" sides, you have to order the bacon wrapped tomatoes or bacon wrapped enoki mushroom skewers. They were so fun to eat; the tomatoes because they are grilled so they pop in your mouth and the enoki mushrooms just because they look so darn cute.  The potato surrounded by corn is slightly charred from the grill and is really excellent for such a simple concept, definitely a must for every visit. Total cost for dinner for 2, not including drinks was about 60 bucks. Not bad at all. And if for some reason you would be on a budget (no one in Vegas is on a budget, ever, right?) please still go in to try that tofu. It's made in house!!I will definitely return many times over, next time with reservations.
4	ah my last post i was so mean. IT IS STILL EXPENSIVE, but if i dont go over board ordering off the menu, i can keep the bill fairly low.i understand quality, but i understand over kill as well!!!regardless of the price, i still love this place. the food is phenomenal.If price doesnt matter that much to you. by all means, you will love everything you order.If you're not looking to spend over $60 for 2 people... BE PREPARED TO STILL BE HUNGRY & ORDER CONSERVATIVELY!!!!
4	This place reminds me of The Open Door.  Similar style of food and decor but Raku is less fusion than TOD.  The lighting was dim, the restaurant small but it was pretty packed still.  We were seated the bar and were left to decide what to order.  Since I had avidly looked at their online menu [with pictures!! yay], I knew what I really wanted to try.  The FoodSeafood with Bonito Guts Pickled in Salt - I was really excited to try this.  I knew it had uni and if you know me, you know I LOVE uni, but also because I love guts.  In addtion, it also had ikura.  The Bonito Guts were definitely pickled in salt.  The texture was crunchy and tasted salty, which complimented the milder flavors, in comparison, of the uni and ikura.  The saltiness helped to bring out the sweetness of the uni and intensified the taste of the ikura.Fresh Kobe Beef LiverAnother dish I was excited to try.  After watching Andrew Zimmern in Africa eating raw camel liver, my boyfriend and I thought it looked really tasty.  A bit macabre aren't we?  Anyways, this dish arrived looking like little piles of dark ketchup with a slice of garlic on top.  There was some oil mixture to dip the liver in.  If you ever eaten cooked liver, raw liver tastes almost the same except the texture is crunchy, creamy, and possesses a VERY intense liver flavor.  I really liked the pairing of the garlic with the liver.  Though the dish was an interesting experience, I'm not going to be craving it like I did the previous dish.Special of the Day: Agedashi Tofu served two ways [fresh and fried]Served cold, the fresh tofu had a pretty delicate and mild flavor.  It was accompanied by some bonito shavings, green onions, and shredded ginger.  It was recommended to eat it with their special house blended soy sauce.  Again, this dish was really mild, a contrast to the first dish of pickled bonito guts.  I liked it and it served to really highlight the flavor of tofu.When the tofu was fried, it arrived in a shallow bowl some brown broth-like sauce and little mushrooms floating around.  The tofu also had some ikura, seaweed, and green onions topping it.  This dish was served warm.  Since the fried tofu was the same tofu as the cold one [they just cut the tofu in half and served it two ways for us], the flavor was pretty much the same but because it was fried and served warm, it felt more soothing to me because it was a cold night.Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon RoeBoy, was this a slimy dish.  I have no qualms with sliminess but I can see how others may be turned off from this dish.  The dish contained a poached egg, some soy sauce like broth, ikura, uni, sliced okra, little mushrooms, Japanese mountain yam [which if you don't know already, it super slimy and can be mashed/grated to a natto consistency] and some seasoning sprinkled on.  This was a cold dish.  Basically, a nice mix of flavors.  Though it contained many elements that I love, this wasn't a dish I loved.  It was okay overall.Steamed Egg Custard with Foie GrasTo die for.  This was the BEST egg custard I have ever had.  Probably contained Lord knows how many calories because it was so rich, creamy, and decadent.  It was a really nice, warm, savory dish.  Both my boyfriend and I adored it.Chicken Breast Wrapped with Chicken SkinThis was pretty average.  Nothing much to write home about.This is definitely a nice place to go to, especially for a date imo because of the dim lighting and close seating arrangements.  Next time I go to Vegas, if not for the Steam Egg Custard with Foie Gras, I'll definitely come back to try other dishes.
5	I consider this the best japanese restaurant in Vegas.  After living in SF for 6 years, I pretty much gave up on good non-chain/franchise restaurant dining...until Raku.  The Agedeshi tofu is a must- I even order my own.  I'm usually just stay with the Robata grill items- basically all things skewered and grilled.  These items have a nice smoked flavor too them.  Things are reasonably priced for the quality of the food, but be careful, it can add up.
5	Best Japanese for the money!! Awesome food... Home made tofu both fresh and fried. Uni Undon and Chicken Katsu... Just wonderful food.  Brewed soy sauce, and specials salt. Check out the bathroom too.
5	Fantastic Restaurant.  As everyone has said already, very small, reservations highly recommended.  I think the tasting menu is likely the way to go.And four words that should make you run to this place: Homemade Tofu and Uni Udon.  Enough said.
5	We usually come to Vegas at least twice a year.  We wanted to try someplace new after a long day at Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon we stumbled across Raku based on the reviews of our fellow yelpers.  Don't let the outside fool you, as the inside is nicely decorated.  The restroom makes a good conversation piece, you just have to see it for yourself.  We ordered the following:Tofu Salad:  Reminds me of the Japanese version of a caprese salad.  Made with handmade tofu which is their specialty.  Hands down the best tofu salad I have ever tasted and close to the best tofu I've had in this country.  Especially good with the green tea salt.Aji (prepared sashimi and fried):  Both ways were exceptional.  My only complaint was the sashimi pieces were small, but then it is about quality, not quantity.  Be prepared to spend $30 for this dish.Agedashi Tofu:  Good dish as well.  Their special homemade tofu and the ikura topping were the highlights of this dish.Kurobota Pork Cheek:  I like this, but my boyfriend wasn't a fan.Tsukune:  Average at best.  I recommend you try something else.Hamburg Steak:  Great dish.  Somewhat large, It is about the size of two hamburg steaks on top of each other.  They serve it in a sizzling hotpot with egg, mushrooms and onions.  When the waitress poured the sauce over the top, it didn't quite sizzle to her liking, so she was kind enough to bring it to the back so they could heat the pot.To drink, we had the sake trio sampler for $18.  We were able to substitute two of the drinks for something else we wanted to try.  Our favorite was the Hananomai and we ended up ordering a few glasses at $15 each.In the end, we experienced nothing but excellent service along with excellent food.  On top of everything, they are open until 3am.  This place is highly recommended if you are in the mood for great Japanese food.
5	wow...again. Packed at 10:30 at night especially for a place not on the strip . I'm glad they just built in another section to this place but I have yet to see them make use of it. I love the crampness of this place and the standing bar is actually swaggerific because I felt like I was transported to a trendy dining spot in San Francisco/New York. Very nice way to polish two bottles of saki before the feast of kings commence. This time I came back for the exotics :-Tendon-Cheeks-shrimp heads-Foe Grai or as I like to call it "Heaven on a stick"
5	One word:  Outstanding!!!Discovering Raku is like learning how to play Craps for the first time and winning a ton of money at the same time!  I certainly felt like a winner after having dined at Raku ... and much like my first experience with the game of Craps ... I cannot wait to go back and play / eat some more!Raku is best known for their tapas style dishes that consist mostly of high-quality meat on skewers grilled over "Japanese charcoal".  The food was outstanding ... and we certainly tried as many small dishes as we can possibly fit into our stomachs the night we visited.  A couple of my favorites included the following:  bacon wrapped asparagus, poached egg with uni and salmon roe, kobe beef liver, live uni with udon, fried tofu in hot broth, and the grilled foie gras.  The home-made tofu in hot broth was truly amazing - I would definitely say that it was the best preparation of tofu that I have ever had ... it'll take the Pepsi challenge against any other tofu on the planet any ol' day of the freakin' week - that's for sure. The live uni (that was alive up until a few seconds before they serve it to you on the plate) was equally as good especially when mixed with the thin udon noodles.  Lastly ... who would've thought that foie gras would taste so amazingly good coming out of a Japanese restaurant ... certainly not I.There are so many great restaurants that are popping out in Vegas that I find it difficult to come back for a second visit despite how good my first experience was.  Bouchon for breakfast is certainly an exception and Raku will soon fall into that category.  I cannot wait to sample some more of their extensive menu despite the temptation of other restaurants in Sin City.  I just hope that, unlike my subsequent visits to the craps table, I continue to win at Raku Grill.
5	I love this restaurant!  Must return (but this is but one more reason to come to LV) !!! *6 Solid Stars*pix laters...- 1 STAR for the attitude with reservations
2	The food is ok here. Nothing compared to Japan though. I've had better in Japan. We need more restaurants like this in Vegas. One thing bad is that the food is very very OVERPRICED!
5	All I can say is YUMMMMM!!! I'm so bummed it's all the way in Vegas though.  I have to recommend the asparagus wrapped in bacon, mushroom wrapped in bacon, and the wasabi kobe beef filet, among many other great looking stuff.  I kept wanting more, even though I was about to explode.  Thanks fellow Yelpers for giving me another reason to come to LV! Oh and make sure to get a reservation, my husband and I came at 1 a.m. and it was packed.  Good thing this place stays open til 4 a.m.
5	Wow, after a long day of work a short plane trip and a few hours of attending a couple of Vegas party's sponsored by booze companies I found myself starving for something to eat at about 2AM.My friend recommended a sushi restaurant he had been to the previous year somewhere in China Town. We found the place pretty quickly but walking in I could tell this was not a sushi restaurant. As a matter of fact they didn't have any sushi on the menu but what they had was an extremely pleasant surprise.We started with the Age Dashi Tofu which we were told was made with home made tofu. The broth was sweet and flavorful and the roe added a complimentary saltiness. I am not normally a huge fan of Tofu but I had never had it prepared quite like this. We then moved on to the lamb chops which were smokey and delicious. It was a little chewy but lamb tends to be.We then had a sashimi plate from the special menu and for the life of me I can not remember the name of it and I have looked through all of the pictures and did not see it. It was an extremely thin sliced sashimi presented on a large plate somewhat like Fugu. It was paired with what tasted like a tomato wasabi paste that when mixed with the special ponzu sauce combined for a flavor experience that was out f this world.We also had a serving of the Raw Beef Tatake which was topped with a dollop of ginger and garlic and a small amount of cavier. YUMO. his may have been my least favorite dish but it was still awesome. Then came the Kalkimachi Asparagus. Oh my god it was hot and so crispy and had a hint of bacon flavor that was AMAZING.Our last dish was the ground chicken portobello which was also delicious. But by then we were pretty full and our taste buds were on overload except for desert.My Buddy decided to sample two deserts, the Green Tea Brule and the Brown Sugar Bubbly Pudding. What can I say. These two deserts capped of a culinary experience that was not only unexpected but completely unforgettable. My understanding is that you cant get in here with out a reservation on weekend so you should plan ahead. I can not recommend this place enough.
4	if you're from the bay area, raku is to sumika and ichiza is to sumiya (roughly).  that said, raku has some creative things that work such as kobe liver served raw.  sounds kinda dangerous but it works and it's uniquely good.  trying something new has its rewards, and this is one of them.  best dish of the night would be the sashimi salad; greens and sashimi go well with not just the dressing but the crunchy bits adding texture. just excellent.  skip the grilled kobe cuz kobe that's grilled just gives it too much heat, u want it a little medium rare and u really cant get that if it's grilled.  get the brown sugar pudding for dessert, just excellente.  dessert is topped with some froth from the milk; first taste is the milk then you taste the brown sugar and coffee flavor later in the bite.  2 different tastes in one, wow.
3	First off they should warn you that reservations are required and expected. We came in around 7pm on a Saturday night and there were seats open abound... granted they were reserved for 8pm appointments. At first the hostess told us they couldn't seat us until 10pm but it was clearly not busy (yet). We "pleaded" and they agreed only on the condition we leave by 8pm. During our dinner, we saw many shocked walk-ins getting disappointed and turned away. The food was hit or miss. The menu options favored yakitori dishes. For just the two of us, we ordered quite a few dishes1. Homemade tofu - two ways: cold and fried2. Various yakitori: chicken thigh, pig's ear, bacon wrapped asparagus3. 2x orders of cold soba (which came in an "interesting" sauce of poached egg and ponzu4. Custard with foie gras 5. Hotari Ika (tiny squid blanched in hot H2O and served coldTotal bill with tax/tip: $82Raku has great ingenuity in their dishes; mixing uncommonly-paired items together. Problem is it may be too inventive and not right for some taste buds. However, there is no doubt that they use the best quality ingredients. Even their soy sauce, chili oil, and green tea salt are homemade.Having a few days to digest the food and experience, I'm torn as to how many stars Raku deserves. A part of me wants to award it 5 stars for the quality and innovative dishes while another part wants denounce its lack of accommodation for walk-ins with a 1-star rating. So to be perfectly fair: 3 solid stars.
5	Went on a Saturday night with three friends for a 6pm reservation. I had heard all of the hype and read many of the other reviews so my expectations were high. The design and ambience of the restaurant is very nice. Each table feels secluded from most of the others creating a personal-ish dining experience.It was our first time there so, although it isn't on the menu, we opted for omakase. So for a flat price we let the chef decide what he wanted to serve us.We received about 10 dishes each one quite tasty. A few of the dishes featured tofu, so the tastes are subtle. The food at Raku isn't packed with punch-you-in-the-face flavor. They are just perfectly prepared and arranged beautifully for a very fine dining experience.And the service is top notch. Very informative and near perfect balance of attentiveness and leave-you-alone-ness so you can enjoy the food and the company that you are with.
3	Raku is the type of restaurant that takes you out of Vegas and into a corner restaurant in Japan.  This is the most authentic Japanese cuisine that we've tried, and a nice change from the regular Japanese ramen and tempura that I usually love.First, the other yelpers are right--you do need a reservation to eat there, not matter what the day or time.  They are only open for dinner and open till 3am, so call that same day or in advance.  Even if one seat is open and you come in without a reservation they may turn you away, so keep that in mind.We walked in at 730 this evening and it was a full restaurant.  I assumed that it would be a yakitori restaurant, so I checked the menu and ordered a few things, which I'll go through in a minute.  First, the drinks were limited if you aren't drinking sake or beer.  According to our server, all they had for soda was Coke, so my husband had a coke and I had water.  They explained all the specials of the day and their sake specials as well, giving us a few minutes to go through the menu.  Their menu isn't large, so it's easy to choose a variety of things to try.  Their appetizers are very familiar to me because we went through Japan and had some of these things like cow intestines and sea urchin.  The grilled menu is nice and short, but with lots of variety, as is their soup and rice bowl sections.  Here's what we ordered:-Fried chicken appetizer: very interesting.  They roll a boneless breast up with the skin on and deep fry it till the skin is almost dark brown.  I believe it's marinated slightly in shoyu, so it had good flavor.-Asparagus tempura: it's my favorite thing out of the entire night!  The coating is small squares of potato or something.  It was delicious!!!-Potato is dashi: very good broth.  You can't go wrong with dashi and we ate the potato with a spoon.  Very good, and very light.  A wonderful starter.-Kobe with wasabi: extremely tender and not overpowered with any seasoning.  The flavor of the meat is savory and lovely.  I couldn't see the marbling cause it was grilled well done, but very good.  The wasabi gave it that heat, which was a nice combination.-Chicken breast: not on a stick like the kobe but sliced and served with a shoyu sauce.  Very tender and very well seasoned.  Here's the thing--in Japan they serve chicken half done in most yakitori places on the street, so when this came with the chicken having a pink center I didn't mind.  If you're the type to shy away from medium-well chicken, this may not be your dish. -Duck with balsamic: very nicely grilled so that the duck fat was crispy and melt-in-your-mouth good.  The balsamic was a perfect pairing with the green onion.  Very good yakitori.-Scallop in butter and miso: very tender, lovely butter flavor and the sauce was excellent.  Served on the scallop's half shell, too.-Yellowtail: very good and had the usual sauce on it, too. I love grilled yellowtail so this was nice.  Some people think it's sacrilege to do that to yellowtail, but it's really, really good.-Ice fish: these are small fish, smaller then sardines and they tempura them.  They come in a bowl and it was yummy.  As long as you don't mind eating the little black eyes and tail, you should try it.  I liked it. Salty and you can squeeze some lime on there.  -Bite size chicken and egg bowl: It looks gross, to be honest, but the flavors are excellent. The rice with the sauce reminds me of how rice tastes when you mix bulgogi sauce in it.  I liked it.  Warning: the egg is placed on the rice raw and then cooked chicken on top with more egg, so it's not fully cooked egg.  It's partially gelatinous still, so if you're weary of that, just a warning.Everything tasted good and I even ordered another round of the asparagus tempura.  I wanted their fluffy cheesecake, but it takes 20 minutes to make, so if you want to try it when you go order it in advance.Overall, it was a nice flashback of Japan and a good experience.  Would I go back?  Probably not.  Our tab was 100 bucks and some change, something I can't go spend daily.  For 2 people that was a lot of food, mind you, but still--I don't like paying 2-9 dollars for ONE skewer or ONE scallop.  In terms of service, it's fairly good. They clear you table throughout the whole experience, which is nice.  You need to put your glass out to the outside of the table to get refills of water, but you must ask for refills on Coke.  it's by the bottle.  We had to ask for our check once, and when it didn't come we just gave another server our credit card.  Other than that, their service during the entire meal is really good.  They even walk you out the door, which I thought was pleasant.If I want yakitori, I'll go to Shisen, but if you want that authentic Japanese experience you have to try this place.  It's good, but  the only thing I loved was the asparagus appetizer.  Sorry to say, but the rest was just okay for me, but the flavor profiles were really good. Try it once.
5	Raku is a young restaurant, only two years old, but is quickly becoming popular because the food is exquisite and incredibly sophisticated, and the prices are absolutely reasonable.Before I continue I'd like to give you an idea of how desirable this tiny restaurant is becoming. We walked in at 6:20, less than a half hour after they opened for service. We didn't have a reservation, but were lucky to get two seats at the five person bar that looks into the kitchen (this may have been a 'bad' seat to some, but I couldn't imagine a better one). Not more than ten minutes after we sat down a guy walked in and asked the following questions (remember this is Monday). Q: 'Do you serve alcohol?' A: Just beer and wine; Q: Do you have sushi? A: No sir. Q: Can we get a table? A: For how many? Eight people he responded. A: Uh, No(sweetly, but without a hint of hesitation). The fact that he thought he could get a table for eight seemed utterly preposterous, and actually was. Plus, he obviously thought this was Sushi Roku in Caesar's, a common confusion amongst tourists. As we left at around eight o'clock, we overheard another gentleman. Q: Table for two? R: Not until 10 PM. Bottom line: make a reservation!Now for the food. I can best describe the dishes at Raku as 'Japanese tapas.' Most of the items are done in individual portions on a Robata grill (see description on blog)) or are enough for each person to have a couple of bites, more or less. We ordered the agedashi tofu (home-made deep-fried tofu in dashi broth), sashimi salad (they don't have sushi, yet sashimi is quite prevalent), bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, Kurobuta pork cheek, and steamed clams. When you order you're not sure what dish will come out when, but you can guarantee it won't come out quickly and you won't care once you try it. The sashimi salad ($9) came first tonight, and was the perfect start to the meal. It consisted of ridiculously fresh salmon, toro (tuna), and yellowtail (hamachi) on a bed of baby spinach, topped off with crunchy fried onions. The dressing consisted of three unique sauces that converge at the bottom of the bowl by the time you finish, enhanced by a swipe of a creamy and spicy fourth sauce on the side of the bowl. It's really hard to describe it without using the words 'oh my God.' Then we had the agedashi tofu ($9), another dish best described with the words 'oh my God.' The different elements that make up this dish clearly exemplify the talents of the chef/owner, Abriya Raku. First of all, the tofu is made in house, and will make you think differently of tofu ever after. You can see how it might be easy to be a vegetarian if you could eat this on a regular basis. The dashi broth is sweet with intense flavor, and the mini accoutrement such as the baby mushroom heads (a variety I can't identify) floating on the surface, and the beads of salmon roe just pop in your mouth providing complimentary bursts of goodness. Next we moved onto our bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms ($2.50) and Kurobuta pork cheek ($2.50), both cooked on the Robata grill. Somehow this grill imparts an indescribable flavor into the food, even though the marking from it is subtle. My husband described it best: "You could put s*** on that grill and it would come out tasting great." You'll be happy to know s*** isn't on the menu of interesting items like beef gut soup, but I think he's right. We finished with the steamed clams ($12), a special for the evening, which were the least impressive dish of the night. The broth was gentle in flavor without being dull, and the dish definitely showcased the clams themselves. The problem, however, is that manila clams aren't that exciting on their own and kind of need a powerful sauce to make them better (i.e the clams at Cafe Chloe or Panna Thai). This was the only dish we probably wouldn't order again, not because it was bad, but because so many other items shouldn't be passed up.The last thing I would like to talk about are the condiments on the table. Most dishes don't require them, but I think you should still try them to broaden your horizons. The soy sauce (bottle at back right) is a unique blend of five different imported kinds and will make you re-think soy sauce the way the tofu made you re-think tofu. The bottle in front of that is a chili sprinkle to add a little heat if you like, and to the left of that is special salt based on the sun-dried sea salt made in the classic Shiota style. Behind that is aged vinegar with peppers. Each of them is constructed with care and love, and if there is that much effort spent on the condiments, it is only obvious that every other dish on the menu will be prepared with the same level of passion and expertise. If there is only one restaurant I've recommended that you must try, this is it.
4	I had three sake samplers.  By the end of our meal, I was feeling quite contented.  I wish that I was able to choose which sakes were in each grouping, it was still interesting to sample the different flavors and nuances of each one.  The skewered chicken thigh was delicious with the green tea salt.  I LOVED the aga dashi tofu!  I don't even LIKE tofu, but I totally downed my half.  The skewered duck was flavorful, though a little tough.  We had a white fish sashimi that was fabulous and some tuna sashimi that was very nice.  The enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon had an awesome texture combination.  I think we also ordered some kind of skewered beef, but neither of us thought anything too much of it.  For dessert we got the green tea creme brulee.  It was interesting, but tasted mostly like regular creme brulee with green tea ice cream on top.  I would most definitely return to try more things on the menu.
4	One of the best japanese joints in town.  Eventhough it hasn't been around for too long,  it's been listed on countless food/travel magazine.  I would give it 5 stars but I was recently on a trip to japan, and the food there still lingers in my mouth.
4	Delicious & Expensive!I had:Cold udon noodle with foie gras custard soup: $16 ---- it made by a very unique way Fried homemade tofu in hot broth: $9---- it's so special and few ways to eat itFoie gras: $14 ---- very small piece but super expensiveSalmon special ---- I love this one the most but still personally think it's too oily on the sideIf you are coming from Las Vegas Blvd, pass 15 FWY and Chinatown and keep going, right after you pass Decature, there is a Korea plaza on your right... just make a turn and this place is on the LEFT corner of this plaza ( you will see a big MASSAGE sign 1st )!
4	Not your typical Japanese restaurant.  This is a very authentic joint and you won't find california rolls and caterpiller rolls.  We've been there twice in 3 months and both times were great. Like most folks I highly recommend home made tofu in hot broth. My personal favorite is sashimi salad.  Other great items include sweet corn with stuffed potato, bacon wrapped asparagus, kobe beef with wasabi, and chicken skewers wrapped in skin.  Custard with fois gras was awesome.  The prices are reasonable and portions are small.  We had a couple of special entrees but I was not impressed.  We had grilled eel from Japan cooked two different ways (sweet sauce/salt and pepper). The dish was good but not great.  If it was $15-16 range I'd say it's worth it. It's not worth $30. I didn't like pigs ears either.  Perhaps its an acquired taste.  Oden was good but nothing special. Also try his soy sauce.  It's home made by the chef. It's the bomb!I also recommend sake samplers but unfortunately they decide which ones.  They tell you ahead of time so you can decide whether to go for it or not.  It usually include one or two from their regular section plus one from their premium section.   If you know what you want, then go with your personal favorite. For dessert I had sweet sake and that was great. It's very sweet so be warned. It's not for everyone.
5	This place was fantastic!  It is so different from the standard Japanese food we see in the US.  The plates are all small, so you get LOTs of different flavors.  The service was excellent, and we enjoyed every single part of the sake flight.My personal favorites from the menu:Raku's Pickels (especially the radish)Yellowtail CarpaccioFried Tofu in BrothSalmonAsparagus wrapped in baconEnoki wrapped in baconGrilled rice ball in Dashi
4	I wonder if this place has any connection to the original Raku that opened up in Vancouver?  It's certainly in line with the string of izakaya's we have up here.Raku is classier, less trendy and boisterous than the Vancouver izakaya's, but the food is solid.  Of the hits, the foie gras with egg custard appetizer - the custard is the winner, subtly foie flavoured and so silky.  The foie gras on top was a bit tough with a layer of fat.  Made for a chewy mouthful instead of one that should have melted with the custard.The deep-fried shrimp special were great - crackly, salty, fresh.  Eat the shell, eat the head - leave the eyeballs.  Their home-made tofu is also a winner.  We tried it both ways, cold - served in a half moon, with green tea salt and agedashi hot fried - served in a nice broth and garnished with salmon roe.  The kobe beef with wasabi skewer was nicely smokey and tender.  Not as much marbling as I would have liked.  Their red snapper sashimi special was amazingly fresh.  I was impressed, I wasn't expecting to find that kind of quality here. Their green tea creme brulee is well-executed, served with green tea ice cream and whipped cream that I could have done without.  Their bubbly brown sugar pudding is interesting.  The bubbly part comes from frothed up milk?  It's quite bland, you need to eat it with the jelly-like brown sugar pudding.This place would be great as a first-date night.  Service was first-rate, clearing dishes at almost every round of food.
4	It's not fair to Raku that I come from California.  My exposure to and experience with izakaya restaurants is varied enough that I know 5 star fare when I eat it and Raku is close--so very close--but lost points on service and price.The kobe beef tendon and grilled duck with balsamic soy sauce sold out.  It was 7:30PM on a Monday night and the place is open until 3AM.  Since we were severely disappointed, the waitress pushed the specials of the evening on us.We ordered the bluefin tuna (toro), the unagi (cooked in two styles, grilled and with salt and pepper), and the grilled salmon cheek (kama).  From the regular menu, we also got the homemade tofu served in two different ways: cold with green onions and ginger (hiyayakko) and sitting in hot broth after being fried (agedashi).  We also had the grilled pork cheek (kurobuta), a couple of chicken wings, and chicken and egg served over a bowl of rice (oyakodon).  For dessert, the green tea creme brulee.The toro was amazing and should be the #1 reason why you come here.  It was soft, smooth, and slightly sweet, as perfectly fresh toro is supposed to taste.  $25 for 6 huge slabs?!  Yes, please!The homemade tofu is reason #2 why I'd come back.  I prefer the agedashi style just because I prefer hot tofu over cold, but both styles were enjoyable.  I particularly liked how flavorful the broth was.The unagi was a total rip-off.  $30 for 6 small, bony pieces.  Grilled was better than S&P but neither were things I'd order again and I strongly suggest that you don't either.The salmon kama was okay but not something I'd order here ever again because almost every good Japanese restaurant in California makes it better and for a cheaper price.  That isn't to say it's terrible, though.  If you've NEVER had salmon kama ever and you can't get it where you're from, it doesn't hurt to try it here.The kurobuta and chicken wings were salty, greasy, and fatty, as expected.  Would have been great with beer, which unfortunately we lacked.  I'm sure we would have had a better experience with the meat had we ordered something like the foie gras or a kobe beef item.The oyako (which means 'parent' and 'child', referring to the chicken and egg, respectively) is classic Japanese comfort food and I loved it.  Tender chicken pieces nestled in a bowl of warm, soft rice that's gooey from egg yolk made this reason #3 why I'd come back.  For some, this dish is about as special as fried rice, but if you love both as much as I do, I'd recommend getting it!Lastly, the green tea creme brulee was mediocre but come on, you don't go to a place like this for a fabulous dessert.  Try Nobu or a French or Italian restaurant if you want a dessert that will knock your socks off.Now let me talk about the sub-par service.  We ordered tea (which, surprise surprise, cost us $) but the waitresses rarely refilled our tea no matter how many times we asked.  And when they did, they'd refill it 1/4th of the way.  The tea, by the way, is roasted green tea and is amazing so I suggest ordering it even if you do end up getting sake or beer.  But know your rights--don't be afraid to ask for more and demand that they refill it!  That's what you're paying for, after all!Another waitress also charged us an extra $50 out of sheer stupidity.  When we discovered the discrepancy between the amount listed on the bill and the amount we were charged, she tried to defend herself by saying the restaurant was too dark.  Try going to a lighted area, then?  A bill isn't something you 'guess'...if you have a question about what is written, ask us.  Sigh.With all this said, Raku is as good as a non-sushi Japanese restaurant as you will find in Sin City and an eye-opening experience for people who think Japanese cuisine is all sushi and sashimi.  Bottom line: if you're in Vegas, this is a must-try.
4	Raku is bomb!! I love to come here to eat great simple food that is not overpriced with vegas standards...My favorite thing to start off with is the fried tofu in broth, that also has roe, nori and mushrooms. Kurabuta pork cheeks are delicious grilled too, as well as the salmon and hamachi kama...everything I try is just D-lic! Only good things to say about this place
5	Yesterday was a blur and needed my Raku fix on! Grateful for an awesome company, we were greeted with friendship and hospitality, thanks to Satay's own Saturday nights Patio Sessions resident DJ Nathan Sense Uhlir, who splurged us with a pitcher of Sapporo beer and a side of laughs throughout dinner.It has been a while since my last visit to Raku and I was pleased that Raku expanded their restaurant with a new room. The table that we sat in was really cool. It had an open rectangular shape in the middle of our booth/table that had a mini traditional/organic barbecue pit.Mr. Uhlir ordered most of the items on the special black board menu and everything was fantastic! I only wish that I had written down the names, but since I didn't my list of items in US version as follows:Homemade cold and hot tofu.Raw cold meat with amazing edible accessories on top & a drop of sauceSpecial Toro Dish (seared fatty tuna)Special grilled Salmon collar bonefrom the Robatta Grill:Enoki Mushroom wrapped with BaconGreen Hot Chili Pepper Kurobuta Pork CheekAnd last but not least: Soba buckwheat noodle salad with amazing secret dressing! Each time we order this salad, we drink the excess dressing like soup! I LOVE RAKU! Service and food never fails and last night, I had tears of joy in my Raku!
5	This place is amazing! Everything I had there was delicious and I loved that it was not inside a hotel. Here are some items I liked most:- lamb chops- crispy tempura asparagus- cold soba (not exactly sure of the actual name of dish)- green tea creme bruleeI will definitely eat here again when I'm back in Vegas.
5	awesome restaurant. it has a nice ambiance with a homey feel from the cozy size of the place. the food is amazing and so is the service. ive been here twice so far and both times have been an experience to remember. MUST TRY THEIR SASHIMI SALAD! the sushi quality is unreal. the salmon literally melts in your mouth! im planning on trying to come here for the sashimi salad at least once a week. so far, so good.PS: i think it's better than sen of japan overall. :).
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Keep in mind i don't live here and haven't gotten to try everything but still hands down my favorite.  Like my friend Heinz says, "I'll bet on Raku anytime against any Japanese restaurant in the United States...  that's how AWESOME Raku is!" Heinz introduced me and now every trip I go there I have to eat there. The best part is that it's open LATE!Rumor has it, Chef's from the Restaurants on the Strip go here to eat afterwards, and they were even offered to open up in one of the Casinos but the owner preferred off-strip and turned down the offer.Here are my Recommendations:- Make reservations or you will be salivating in line- Beef Tendon: These are the best Beef Tendons ever. Not only do they melt in your mouth but they have the grill taste infused. We order 8 typically. Yes I'm serious, that good!- Pork Cheeks: Sounds bad Tastes AWESOME- Bacon Wrapped tomatoes: It's wrapped in bacon need i say more?- Juicy deep fried chicken: Asian like me and like dark meat? This one is for you. Don't get bamboozled with the Chicken breast w/ Wrapped skin. Fried Chicken better- Agadashi Tofu: Homemade tofu good/healthy- Fresh Homemade Tofu in hot broth: Like the 1st but BETTER because fried and in soup broth.- Yellow Tail Carpaccio: Good fresh!- Specials: Flown in Tuna from Japan - If they have this GET it, it's better than Toro.- Bathroom: you got to use it, feels like you step into a tranquil garden with birds chirping and fake flowers but real rose petals on the floor. Remember "Coming to America" and rose petals?  You will see...I'm making myself Hungry for it now.... I never go to Vegas and not visit Raku, it's that good. Time to take another Vegas trip!They're really busy from when they open at 6 pm to 11 pm -- so if you want to chat with the chef or staff, come late. Read Heinz's post if you want more elegant descriptions.
5	My love affair with Agedashi Tofu began here. Now I order this delicious soupy tofu dish almost every time I eat Japanese, but it's never as good as Raku's. Raku is known for its homemade tofu, so if you go, be sure to order it, in one form or another. There's a cold tofu appetizer plate that comes with tomatoes and really small shrimp (I know!), but I can't remember the name of it. It's been a while.I have eaten here several times over the years, the last time with my three best girlfriends (visitors to Vegas) and they loved the atmosphere and the food. It's a great place to eat, talk and drink. You can hear each other. Raku is small, intimate and completely focused on quality. Order anything and you will be amazed!
5	Hay ca-rumba! Perhaps one of the best , off strip restaurants in Las Vegas, serving delicious morsels of Japanese goodness. The Agedashi tofu is delicious, as is the foie gras. Specials are presented nightly and the fresh fish, while expensive, is well worth the price. Prices for other items and grill menu items are surprisingly affordable, the tempura style asparagus was quite unique. Thumbs up for serving REAL Coke, with sugar, not with government subsidized high fructose corn syrup.
4	Raku reminds me that I'm in Vegas, grossly overpriced for a lot of stuff. But if you're willing to be fork over the cash, you will no doubt get quality, just don't expect to get value out of your meal.* Foie gras OOOOO    M          M   GGGGGO         O    M M   M M  G     O         O    M    M    M  G   G    GOOOOO    M           M  GGGGGsays it all. its one of those things you just don't want to know what it is or how its obtain, but is good.* Yellowtail Carpaccio - Fresh, clean, and refreshing taste. Personally I think Ichiza's Yellowtail Tar Tar taste much better and cheaper as well.* Enoki mushroom + Bacon - Bacon tends to be salty, but somehow Raku was able to take the saltyness out of the bacon so it doesn't overpower the enoki mushroom. Nicely executed item.* Sawagani (Japanese River Crab) - This has a lot of wow factor when you first see it. The novelty quickly wears off when you eat them. Nothing really special about them in the taste department. The bigger crabs have less flavor than the smaller ones because all you get is shell on the big ones.* Uni + Seaweed Miso Soup - The uni was incredibly fresh and has a surprising sweetness to them. The seaweed miso soup didn't overpower the taste of the uni. If they served this nigri style, it would taste even more awesome. * Kobe Beef + Wasabi - Good, but not the melt in your mouth taste I come to expect with Kobe beef. The wasabi was also very light tasting.* Kobe Beef Liver - You think you're getting Kobe Beef for the first few bites, than when you're about to swallow you get the liver taste. A good item to get even to get even if you don't like liver.* Lamb Chop - Perfectly cooked medium rare. Very tasty and just juicy. How can Wynn & Texas de Brazil fail so badly cooking lamb.* Rice Balls - Miso flavored riceballs. $5 for 2. Nothing special and so not worth it.* Drunken Garlic Clams - Fresh clams with a good broth. This is reminiscence of the equally tasting stuff at Naked Fish.* Lava cake - Its a lava cake. Nothing really special from the other lava cakes I've tried before.* Cinnamon + Chocolate Pudding - This is like milk with chocolate and cinnamon remnants. The waitress said to mix well and I did. A lighter chunky version of chocolate milk?* Cheesecake - Cheesecake tends to be very heavy in cheese taste, but it was beaten so it tastes very light, but still taste the cheese. It makes you feel like you can eat this all day and not feel guilty about it. The lightness of the cheese works on this desert. The wait staff is very friendly, helpful, and attentive. Nothing more you can ask from the wait staff.But service isn't perfect. When you're eating at Raku, expect to stay 1 hour at the minimum since food comes out very slow at first. But if you do order a lot of items, they come out one right after another. Reservations is absolutely required, I've been denied numerous times till I finally went during the middle of the week. Ladies, if a guy asks you where you want to eat, Ichiza or Raku and he's paying, say Raku and bash your eyelashes and smile at him. Guys, don't even mention Raku no matter what kind of cute looks she may give you, you're wallet will thank you!Raku has good food, but you pay a steep price for the ambiance and each item that isn't really that special compared to Ichiza. Raku is a lot more consistent than Ichiza, but Ichiza has the advantage of being able to try multiple things when you be lucky to get 1 item at Raku.
5	Fried TofuMackerel Can't wait to get back.
5	A very pleasant surprise. Met my friend out and we decided to let yelp assist us in selecting our dining experience. It was a fantastic experience with a great variety of small dishes. It's off the strip and well worth the cab ride if you want delicious healthy authentic Japanese cuisine.  Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely go back.
5	Simply the best asian food in Las Vegas hands down. Try the asparagus, and dont forget the yellowtail carpaccio. The tofu in hot broth is Godly!!!
5	Wow!  An amazing experience.  The food was fresh, tasty and inventive.  The service was great!  Its like Japanese tapas, so it can add up fast, but its worth it.  They are open late.  This is where all of the chefs go when they finish work.
5	Holy Uni Udon Robin! Sweet Jesus. This place was very good.  They had a pretty extensive menu of small items that we enjoyed - the kobe beef w/garlic, pork cheek, pork ear (ok.. crunchy), bluefin tuna sashimi (butter), and that sort. But their shining stars were the items on the the specials menu, you know, the one that has no prices. Those items included their homemade agedashi tofu- yes it is as good as they say it is, and their Uni Udon..served in a very lavish and gaudy uni shell. I would go back specifically to have those 2 items. I also appreciated all of the ikura everywhere!! That chef and I are on the same page when it comes to small orange balls. Kampai!
5	Me, my wife and her best friend went to this place after watching Pen and Teller show at Rio Hotel. It was about 11 pm . There are 1 of 2 Japanese restaurant closes at 3 am in the morning. And they are all located in Chinatown. This place is alittle hard to find at night. We loved the Agedashi Tofu, Lamb Chop, Sashimi Salad, and the Mackerel. There was more.  The Tofu was fresh and the Shashimi was fresh too.
5	Little treats that really wakes your palate...A friend of mine brought me here to try, he had read in the papers that the big casino chefs on the strip come here to unwind after work cuz the food is good.Well this place is totally delicious... we had this grilled mushroom with a pinch of salt on top, that's it just that, and it was just delicious. somehow the salt just blends slowly as you chew the mushroom and gives you a hint here and there, just enough to remind you it's not just plain mushroom, it's just masterfully done...The agedashi tofu, wonderful, home made tofu, one big whole lump, deep fried, in a well balanced broth, and a hit of gojujang on the side of the bowl, nice touch, by far my favorite agedashi...The pork belly tender in a sauce, just melts in your mouth, it's fatty so if you don't like fatty steer clear.poached egg with see urchin, just delicate food with soft texture, it's just like the food is caressing your tongue...The deep fried chicken, is hella crispy, it's breast cut thin then folded onto itself behind the skin then fried till crispy, crispy outside and tender just done inside, hmmmPork cheek skewer, succulent, grilled to perfection, has a bit of fat on it, makes it flavorful, the fat also gets a bit crispy which is a nice touch, this one though eat while it's still hot, don't let the fat get cold...There are specials nightly, the grilled squid is quite fresh and tender and sweet.A must if you like izakaya food.
5	If you've got some cash to burn, do it at Raku. I'd never been to a restaurant that serves tiny portions at regular-meal prices before, but apparently they're on to something here.I went one Friday night with my girlfriend and Matt C, and after perusing the menu long enough to surely annoy the incredibly nice waitress, we ordered a smattering of different items, positive that we'd end up with at least a couple good ones.I was skeptical that the food would live up to its prices, but once it arrived I understood. The chefs at Raku know what's up. Let me put it this way: I absolutely despise tomatoes. As in, if you starve me for a week and then put a tomato in front of me, I'll throw it in your face. The bacon-wrapped tomatoes at Raku, however, were one of the most delicious pieces of food I've had in months. Of course, it's hard to not love something that's wrapped in bacon, but getting me to like a dish that is made primarily with tomatoes is no small feat.The only real complaint I have about Raku is the prohibitively-high prices on their items. I complain about high prices on food, so expect to see that a lot if you read my reviews. If I leave a place thinking "I could have gotten more food for a quarter of that price" then I probably just paid way too much for a meal. Raku is one of the few places where I believe the high price is justified, but I'd be remiss if I didn't point it out.Raku is the kind of restaurant people who are really into food eat at. Tiny portions and high prices, but incredibly, mind-bendingly delicious. If you consider yourself a "foodie" or you really enjoy Japanese food, I can't recommend Raku enough.
5	Raku Raku I am so in love with you! I hope to return many times! I dined here last week to celebrate my birthday with a friend who was also celebrating hers. She had been there a few times before so she was more familiar with the menu. We enjoyed:Cocktails: Green Tea sake cocktail and a Lychee sake cocktail. Amazing!!! The Lychee flavored one was sweet and smooth and glided down my throat. My friend said the green tea one was equally delish. (We were shocked to find out that they were only $6 each when we got our bill).Pork cheek: It was clearly a fatty piece of meat grilled to perfection. There was no greasiness, no gelatinous masses, just firm texture and awesome flavor. Tofu: we ordered half cold and half in the hot broth. My friend knew she liked them both and could split the order like that. The cold tofu was nicely complemented by the different ingredients it is served with. You can add your own homemade salt, fresh ginger, seaweed, etc. It was fun seeing how much fresh ginger I could actually handle in one bite. The texture of the tofu is creamy yet firm and yielding. The hot tofu was firmer around the edges and a much richer taste derived from the broth it's floating in. They were both equally gratifying. They each satisfied a different craving, one: light creamy and spiced with added flavors, the other: warm, rich and robust. Poached egg with see urchin and salmon roe: This was probably my favorite dish. I loved the intermingling of the delicate flavors of the very basic egg yolk, the salty salmon roe and the subtly sweet sea urchin. The tiny button mushrooms in the broth were a perfect accompaniment. I loved the few pieces of okra and the flavor it added to the overall dish. It was a very well executed play on texture and flavor. Enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon: Wow, not only were they a treat for the eyes, but a treat for the taste buds as well. The smoky grill flavor really shined through these little morsels. Sawagani (Japanese River Crab): The crabs were very crunchy! They had a nice flavor as well, but I would say the novelty here is the crunchiness and the sight of them all lined up. Asparagus Tempura: This was not the normal tempura batter I'm used to, but more of a nutty rice crispy texture. The asparagus was al dente (just like I like it) and the nutty flavor combined with the asparagus was a match made in heaven. Blue Fin Tuna sashimi: Melt in your mouth, creamy fresh fish! I've never tasted better! This was well worth the $25 price.Green Tea ice cream: It was creamy and deliciously sweet. The sights and smells of this place make it a restaurant with not only amazing food but amazing atmosphere as well. I thoroughly enjoyed the prompt and courteous service. I can't wait to go back!!!
5	If you want to have one of the best meals of your life, Raku is where you want to go. It is expensive and small portions, however each tiny plate offers more awesome than some restaurants can deliver during an entire dinner service. I convinced my boyfriend to let me do the ordering, and he was not disappointed. Everything was delicious, but some of my favorites were the scallop, the lamb chop, and bacon-wrapped tomatoes. (Bacon makes everything better.) The house sake was very good quality, reasonably priced and, naturally, made the evening that much more enjoyable. With dinner finished and the sake gone, there was only one logical decision to make: we had to have dessert. There were so many delectable options to choose from, but we eventually decided on the Fluffy Cheesecake and the Chocolate Cake. Each were the best of their kind. RIch, creamy, and heavenly are just a few ways to describe them both.The entire meal was well beyond our expectations, making the triple digit check a little easier to pay.
5	Without question, one of the Best Meals of my Life.We made reservations for 6:30 on a Wednesday for 5 and I'm so thankful we did so.We ordered so much I must highlight some of the best:Yellowtail Carpaccio: Phenomenally fresh is not even a great enough way to describe the perfection and grade of the Hamachi. On the night we went, one of the specials was Fatty Tuna or  "Oh Toro" After experiencing the Hamachi- I almost couldn't fathom any fish tasting greater but this special; unfortunately we didn't order it as it was a bit on the $$$$ side.The Raw Liver was chewy and rich and even better with a bit of Green Tea Sea Salt.The Green Tea Noodle soup is a dish you absolutely cannot skip- This was a favorite among everyone.They also had a special of small soft shell crabs (Picture included above) "Sawagani" which you eat whole- I have had this once before at Rising Sun in village square, but haven't seen it anywhere since- I must say this is something the adventurous will not want to miss.The Kobe Beef Tendon was beyond rich- we only needed two orders of this, but had gotten three. It was incredibly thick and fatty- So good, but I could only handle one piece maybe even half, and one order comes with 2.Also don't miss out on the Crispy Asparagus, Beef Intestine, Uni, Ground Chicken Portabella. Kobe Beef fillet with WasabiThe only thing I didn't like was the pork ear- some at my table did enjoy this dish though.The Green Tea (sake based) Cocktail, was extremely delicious and recommended for anyone who doesn't like to sip on those amazing Junmai Daiginjos they offer.All around for such an incredible meal I would have paid twice what our bill came out to. Incredible Authentic Japanese Experience.
2	Been to Raku at least 25-30 times since they opened. Being a part of the industry crowd it was awesome to have a late night place with the kinda food I like. This town is crying for better food without having to go to the strip or some shitty chain restaurant. I think that restaurants have spent years taking advantage of the fact that a lotta peeps still have the buffet mentality. Most bang for the buck even if it's frozen, reheated then slathered in mayonnaise. The quality of the food, presentation, setting etc is exceptional and should be the standard for restaurant expectations. People are tripping when they say Raku is overpriced. If you are that cheap and don't understand good food then stick to all you can eat sushi or the $10 buffet. Compared to any Japanese restaurant in the country for the prices they charge the food is phenomenal stars. However the issue I have is my last 2 visits. I saw a big change in their service staff from last year, not sure what happened. The old lady BTW is A FUCKING RUDE BITCH. Yes I come from an Asian background in culinary as well and what the hell is your problem after we spend $300 - $400 every time we go there??? Last couple of times they were out of numerous menu items. Understandably they prep x amount per day, but not once did they say that items were not available until we tried to order. It was annoying to the point that I finally asked the waitress to just tell me what they did not have. She next proceeded to repeat what I had already ordered, but was not available. Thanks. This happened several times. Getting drink order and refills was a major pain in the ass. The first round of food we ordered, all cold apps took nearly 50 minutes. In addition, some items we ordered the waitress came back 30 minutes later to tell us they were sold out. Table wasn't even bussed then somewhere near the 3rd round of food they came and pulled plates that we were still working on. All in all the service during my last 2 visits was almost nonexistent. Maybe it was the fact that on one of those visits the owner had a big party of friends on one table and that was their primary focus of the night. Who knows? I've seen lots of people being comped items and that doesn't bother me. The only thing I would expect is to have someone at least come to check on our drinks, bus the table without having to wait 25 minutes and at least keep us informed when food is going to take an hour. I love the food there and I would still recommend it to anyone, but the service has plainly gone to shit.
5	Single best off-strip restaurant in Vegas.  The reviews don't lie.I'm not going to sit here and tell you about every dish, you're better off creating your own experience.   I will say this, the desserts are not to be missed here.  Due to the finesse of the food itself, you should be feeling great and have room left over.  The fluffy cheesecake is worth the visit alone.  You wonder why more cheesecakes, which are usually like bricks, not more like this.Service is usually a non-factor.  They tend to avoid the more western side of service which involves powdering your rear end over and over.  Never had anyone act rude, but was never catered to either.  Meh, I come for the food................and that bathroom.
5	Yerp, this place is a gem. More later...
5	Come.  Eat.  Enjoy.  Probably one of the best meals I have ever had, eaten in a small joint in a strip mall a few miles away from the strip.  About a 15 minute cab ride away, this place is absolutely worth every (well-priced) penny you'll spend here.I was a bit confused before I came, and I would have thought that this would have been addressed by some reviewers beforehand, but I'll give it a go.  The Raku menu is full of single items (i.e., $1.50 for a chicken wing, $9 for a a strip of Kobe steak, etc.)  There are also appetizers that can be ordered that are enough to share with the table.  Or, if you're like me, you'll not want to share at all.Honestly, and I'm not saying this to be lazy, everything we ate was delicious.  There was fried tofu swimming in broth, chicken wings, fish, rice cakes, kobe beef with wasabi, and probably the best fried shrimp I have ever had.  Just go.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Fantastic food, tiny restaurant.  Make reservations in advance to this hot spot.  My husband and I sat at the bar and watched the Chef in action.  Everything tastes fresh and unique.  Great traditional favorites as well as new twists on old flavors.  Our favorties include:- Blue Fin Sashimi (Awesome, so fresh)- Kobe Beef (great marination)- Agadashi Tofu (silky smooth, comfort food)- Anything with Sea Urchin- Foie GrasThis is one of the best places we found in Vegas along with Ichiza.  We'll be back again one day!
3	I'm a little surprised at all the stellar reviews here. I do notice most of the people reviewing are not Japanese so maybe a Robata grill is a new experience for many. At the end of the day Raku is a good Robata grill, nothing too special. I think the Anthony Bourdain Japan episodes must have brainwashed people.The food is highly overpriced and served with a simple straightforward presentation. We ordered a couple fish specials, a bit of foie gras over rice, omusubi in broth and green tea soba which came to about $100. I have to say the grilled unagi and saba were very good but left us unfulfilled. They sold the saba (mackerel) as "saba from Japan!" which made us laugh because its a cheap fish no matter where its from. It was simply grilled and served whole with a delicious crusty skin. The portion was enough for maybe a 4yr old so it was a little rough paying $30 for an appetizer sized entree. Unagi was about 8 pieces of eel served sashimi style, grilled, glazed etc. slightly better than something you would get at Little Buddah. The green tea soba tasted like...soba. The omusubi in broth took about 30mins to prepare and was very disappointing. Its just a grilled rice ball in broth but the flavor of the broth was a bit repulsive.All in all it was solid dinner but very overpriced and left us so hungry that we were scared to order more. Its not a matter of being cheap because I dine out in great restaurants often...its more of a "did I just pay $100 for chicken on a stick?" I would say if you are a robata newbie come for the experience but leave your appetite at home.
4	The best yakitori place in Las Vegas.  Be informed, though, that you will have to be patient and do a lot of waiting.  Our dinner experience took 2+ hours and it invovled lots of waiting..........Ambience- Cozy, modern yet traditional decor.  The restaurant has a fish tank.  You have to check it out!  (5 stars)Food- Everything tastes damn good!  Exquisite!  Do keep in mind that it takes forever to get your food and the bill adds up quickly because it will take lots of orders of yakitori to leave satisfied.  (5 stars)Service- The staff is cordial and friendly but damn does it take a long time to get your food.  (2 stars)Highlights*The food*Fun decorLowlights*The loooong wait
5	I've eatten here twice with in the last year. I can't wait to go back and enjoy all of the new dishes he has to offer. A reservation is needed to eat here since it is limited seating with private dinning rooms.
5	For the atmosphere, the value, the consistency of the flavorful food and spectacular service, it really doesn't get better than this in Vegas. Pork Ears: Grilled, slightly chewy and the cartilage is yummy.Raku Tofu: In-house fresh tofu turned over onto a plate with the basket's moulding still on the tofu. The tofu comes with very finely minced ginger and green onion. They recommend adding some soy sauce. The tofu is smooth and unbelievably soft. It's the best tofu I've ever had.Agedashi Tofu: Fried tofu, very light batter, so it's crisp and not tough. It comes on top of a light soy-based sauce.Conch: This was a special; it was expensive and not particularly tasty. It was also chewy. However, it's nice that they have specials on their blackboard menus, presented by the servers at your table-side.Chicken wings: The chicken wings are flavorful and grilled on their binchyo charcoal grill. This kind of charcoal really gives the food a different flavor than other charcoal. Skewers: There are many different kinds of skewers and they are all grilled on the same type of binchyo charcoal grill. Nothing was disappointing, so you must bring many friends and try all the different skewers they have to offer, from chicken gizzard to bacon wrapped around scallop to shrimp. The skewer section has much to offer.Oden: I tried two different kinds of oden, but I wouldn't be surprised that all the other odens also taste very delicious. The two that I tried included the one with mochi wrapped in tofu skin with some daikon accompanying this delicious "rice bag" and a sweet vegetable broth. The other one was the oden with tendon. The tendon is perfect, comes with daikon also and is in the same vegetable broth. On the side of the oden bowl is a dash of srirracha and a dash of horse radish paste for you to add to the dish up to your liking. Chicken Tsukuni: This should be in the skewer section, but it's special enough to be in its own category. It's like chicken meatballs on a skewer and is very addictive. You might want more than one.Green tea ice cream: good ice cream, weird combo that it came with chocolate sauce, but that might just be me.
5	Yes, this place ROCKS! You'll need reservations bc last night I saw the receptionist turning away many hungry souls. The food was totally awesome, we started with the Sashimi Salad, home made tofu mix prepared hot and cold, Chicken wing, Kobe Beef fillet with wasabi, Lamb chop, grilled duck with Balsamic soy sauce, and ended our meal with fish cake in hot broth. Raku has a large selection of Saki and imported Asahi which I enjoyed with my meal. There's so many items to choose from here and there's a chalkboard with daily specialized items. Our waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable with the menu and description of the daily specials. The entire staff was very attentive. Don't miss out on this great restaurant when visiting Las Vegas you won't be disappointed.
5	I eat a lot of Japanese food and have to say this is one of the best.  Everything we had was awesome with some of the most amazing dishes being the house made cold tofu, sashimi salad, grill foie gras, foie gras bowl, yellowtail carpa, , grilled eggplant and green tea soba.  The quality of the ingredients is top notch.  I think this will be a must visit on every Vegas trip.
4	I was here over the weekend and I already miss the food. We had reservations, so there was no wait. Our servers were attentive and friendly, and the food was AMAZING! Everything we had was really fresh and cooked just right. I have no complaints. Our bill came out to be $240.00 including tax and tip for a party of 3 (no alcohol). Well worth it for and great dining experience. I can't wait to go back!Some recommendations:Steam Clams with Sake Uni and Seaweed SoupKobe Beef Filet with Wasabi RobataKobe Beef Skirt with Garlic RobataEnoki Mushroom Wrapped with BaconBite Size Foie Gras BowlFluffy Cheesecake
5	A great place to go off the Strip! This is a popular late night spot, so make  sure you have reservations or you will be turned away. The food here is delicious. They have an extensive menu and specials list. The skewers come to your table hot off the grill and is seasoned perfectly. Agedashi tofu is amazing! The tofu itself is homemade and comes to you piping hot. I could eat this all by myself. A great place to try out a little bit of everything.
4	4.5 starsI asked what was best that wasnt fried and I ended up with the plain tofu which was very good to excellent.  I also had the Aji sashimi special which I also found to be very good but it was a bit too warm and the $26 price was steep.  The scallops were also tasty.  I see why this place gets so many 5 stars but giving out a 5 stars is rare with me going to two-three 4.5 star rated yelp reviewed restaurants weekly.
5	Superb, says this SF/LA couple. We were trying to keep the bill down so we ordered everything off the regular menu -- our bill was $80 without drinks, tax, or tip, and we were STUFFED.Best dishes:Agedashi tofuMushroom and baconCrispy fried shrimpBrown sugar pudding
5	Went based on the positive reviews here, which I found to be accurate. Overall, simply outstanding. This is an authentic Japanese grill house: no sushi (thank god). A very very well done place. Even the restroom has attention to details (you'll figure it out). I had the homemade tofu, deepfried in a dashi broth. EXCELLENT. I ordered it a second time, I liked it so much. I had two sake flights, which they graciously made some substitutions on the tastings to accommodate my preferences and dislikes. Chased it all with a glass of Dawananashi. And a Sapporo too (*burp*).We enjoyed the grilled liver, tenderloins, tendons, pig's ears, pork cheek, chicken with skin, duck, albacore sashimi style, grilled ebi (wonderful), and other things I can't remember. All of it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Nothing was wasted-- all plates clean. Our bill, for 3 with plenty of booze and dessert was $197. Only two comments in negative zone: Restaurant is a bit on the warm side. They need to turn up the a/c. Pricing is fantastically reasonable, but the specials are where some "gotcha" happens. Two of the specials we ordered arrived much larger than anticipated, and much more than the $4 average menu item. The specials were $20 each, and we ended up with 3. While they were great, they deviated wildly from the rest of the menu in size, so watch out for that.  If you are looking for a Nobu kind of place, without the pretentiousness, then Raku is great. One of the best sake lists I've seen anywhere, and excellent food. No celebrities, no flash, no bs. This is one of the best places in Vegas for a great dinner away from the Strip zaniness.  I WILL BE BACK.
5	Still delicious, still intimate, still one of the best in Vegas.We hit up Raku again now that they've expanded, allowing a few more people to experience this fantastic place at a single time.  Do yourself a favor and don't walk in - you likely won't get a table.  Even on a Tuesday, at 6PM.  They're likely booked to 11 by then.  Reserve your table a day or so in advance and get in your 2 guaranteed hours of amazing food and intimate setting.This time, we once again ordered the Agedashi Tofu, because... you can't NOT order it.  Even if you don't like tofu, you will love this dish.A special we tried this time were the small fresh crabs, lightly fried and served posed on a small long dish, as if they're in a little procession of deliciousness... right into your mouth.  They're maybe each as big as a 50 cent piece.  You pop the entire thing into your mouth and chew.  In a word - amazing.  I'm not a big crab lover, but these were tasty, well seasoned, and delicious.  The shell on them is so light there's no worry of impaling your mouth with a piece of them.  My wife devoured them and we almost ordered seconds.  She talked about them on the way home.  The next day.  Just order them if they're available.The core dishes that we re-visited from our previous trips are still excellent.  This time we also got 3 sake tasting special to sample with the meal and I was impressed not only with the choices (a filtered, an unfiltered, and a flavored one) but how inexpensive it was for the sampler ($14).  A good value and more than enough to keep a great mood through your meal.As an update to my last post, I must say that Raku's desserts are quite excellent.  We've tried the different sorbets, the melty chocolate cake, the bubbly milk pudding, and they've all been wonderful.  Now if they only offered a Honey Toast dessert....Raku is continuing proof of a growing array of excellent restaurants that you don't have to walk through a casino to find here in Vegas.  Don't miss it!
4	I am going to start with dessert because they are absolutely to die for. If you craving dessert after a night out (open till 3am!), please order the cheesecake or the chocolate lava cake.The cheesecake is like nothing I have had before. Actually, I call it a cloud cake. It is so incredibly light and fluffy. Its not overly sweet and it just melts away in your mouth. Its the best.Of course I love chocolate and the molten lava cake is done very well here :)The food here for vegetarians is limited. The home made tofu salad has cold raw tofu in it. If you enjoy tofu in that form, its interesting to try it.The veggies from the Robata grill section are great. My fave being the potato and corn. (corn core is taken out and filled with mashed potato. Mmmmm)The asparagus crispy tempura - its in a panko? or something batter.. really good. and fried green hot peppers are also very good.If you dont eat fish: All the sauces and broths have fish in it and be careful to say no fish flakes because they like to put it on top of everything!Can be pricey: The robata grill are tiny portions...2-4 pieces of the vegetable so that can definitely add up in cost when you are ordering oh about 15 of them...The best deal is the cheesecake at $5. Yes, I love the cloud cake :)
5	If Raku had a location near my house, I would probably go everyday. I'm not kidding--Raku is THAT good. Normally, on trips to Vegas, we usually venture to restaurants on the strip, but after seeing the reviews for this place we knew we had to give it a shot. And boy, am I glad we did!We started off with the house special tofu (both cold and hot)---probably the best dish out of all the plates. The texture of the tofu is out of this world--creamy, yet firm with great flavor! If my love for tofu wasn't already beyond the fence, this dish kicked it out of the world! A MUST. We also ordered:foie gras- super creamy, melts in your mouthpork cheek-great smokey flavorasparagus- again great flavorgrilled duck--slightly gamey and chewychicken breast with crispy skin-SO SO GOOD. not dry at all, full of flavor(small bite) chicken and egg-(This is similar to a don bowl, amazing taste and great portion size on top of the tapas)kobe steak-it's kobe beef! enough said. pork ears-crunchy texture and great flavorOn top of our wonderful dining experience, we also saw Olympian Apollo Anton Ohno sitting behind us!! He was with an Iron Chef contestant and some other people. If Apollo and an Iron Chef contestant eats here, I think you're in good shape to experience a fantastic meal here. Can't wait to go back!
4	Ok, I admit that the food is good for a truly authentic Japanese food IN THE US. But it's not THAT good if you compare it to any good izakaya in Japan. I know, it's not fair to compare it to a place in Japan but I can't help it. I think there is tremendous hype and brain washing that's going on to make people believe that Raku is THAT good because there is no way for 95% of Americans to truly know if an authentic Japanese food is truly good or not. But take my word for it. It's a pretty good authentic Japanese food.  If you REALLY like the food (and not because of all the yelp hype and celebrity chefs who come here), then you should really try to make a trip to Japan.  You will be BLOWN AWAY.  You will easily understand why Tokyo has more Michelin stars than any other city in the world, and these Izakaya type food or any other "B-class gourmet" type food that you'll find in abundance in Japan, they are not Michelin star ratable.  There is so much more.  But for now that's all we get here in Vegas for a little tease, but I'm happy that Raku is here and is well appreciated by the community.
5	HIS REVIEW IS ON.  IT'S DELICIOUS!  It's my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  It's affordable.  The sake selection is great.  Atmosphere, comfortable.  Open late.I love the bacon wrapped asparagus and bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms.  I got brave and tried the kobe tendon which was delicious.  It taste like teriyaki mochi.  They are always out of the foi grois so I never get to taste that.  I love the salmon, and the hirami sashim (a special).  Agedashi tofu is delicious!  Chicken breast with chicken skin, and kobe beef with garlic is delic too.
3	Was at Raku in Las Vegas last night. I did not appreciate how this restaurant could merit the accolades it has received, but then again its an opinion.  Overall it was good, the service prompt and courteous.  We had a great selection off the menu but nothing moved us and we are doubtful to return.  If you want to try a Japanese Grill for the experience, it is worth going.  In our party of three, no one said they would return as nothing was memorable.  One last thing, if you order off the Chef's special menu do not be surprised at the bill as the prices are not listed. We had some sashimi which was ok but for $20.00, I have had better.
5	Thank you, Yelp.  The reviews intrigued me, and I had three of the best meals of my life.  My tastes are on the adventurous side, so I ordered many items I had never heard of.  All were wonderful.  I highly recommend the Fried Homemade Tofu in Hot Broth and the Steamed Egg Custard with Foie Gras.  I enjoyed  several of the grilled selections, especially the Chicken Breast wrapped in Chicken Skin and the Potato with Corn ( a visual surprise).I ordered many of the Daily Specials and felt well rewarded.  These items can cost as much as $30, so it is worth asking the price.  I usually go to Lotus of Siam when in Vegas, but Raku stole my heart (stomach?) this trip.
5	Had a friend in from Macau, so thought we'd give him a little taste of the best tofu ever.  Since there were 6 of us, we got the chef's tasting menu, which was fantastic, including a lot of our favorites (pork cheeks, fried tofu in broth, lamb chops) and a couple of surprises (caprese inspired salad with tofu)...  and the sake flights...  he loved it all.  Only regret was that we had a non-seafood eater with us.  The sushi and grilled fish is phenomenal and not to be missed!
5	So happy o be back here again after our first visit almost a year ago!  It's def my favorite restaurant off the strip!!!  Many famous chefs come here after work and you know the restaurant is good when it's Japanese owned and with Japanese customers!!  My fav are the housemade tofu half & half, egg custard w/ foie gras, grill chicken w/ skin, grill Kobe beef w/ garlic, grill pok belly, poached egg w/ sea urchin, beef tendon oden, and basically all other grill stuff.  Everything is amazing here including their homemade greentea salt and soy sauce!
4	Thank you Yelp for recommending this place.  Although from the outside you would think that this is a dump, the truth is the food and dining experience are just very pleasant.  The service is a little slow but with the good food I don't mind waiting a little longer.  I will definitely go back on my Vegas trips.
5	i was introduced to raku by my friend.. WOW.. never had i had such good authentic Japanese food!  we had a party of 6-7 so we had to do the prix fixe menu.. which was $35. The environment was very comfortable, the setting and everything was embellished with Japanese features. the hosts, servers were all Japanese, not to say they aren't diversifying, but it added an extra je ne sais quoi... feeling of authenticity . Everything about the place, you can tell served a purpose, from charcoal holding the chopsticks to cups containing salt at the entrance.. the aesthetic value of the place was a 10 out of a 10. they even served water with a piece of charcoal (i guess  japanese do that to absorb the flavour).  onto the food: agedashi tofu was crispy on the outside, sprinkled with seaweed, homemade broth, mushrooms and fish roe. the hot sauce complimented the dish.Chicken Breast Wrapped with Chicken Skinvery tender, served like a sushi roll.. Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlicthis was REAAALYY GOOD!!.. tender beef the crunchy garlic did not overpower the beefEnoki Mushroom Wrapped with Baconthe sauce complimented the mushrooms and tasted like eating scallopsFried whole smelt fishthis was explained by the server as imported from japan, and fried whole, complimented with spicy peppers..Salmon fried rice.it was not fishy, but tasted really lean.. and flavorful. the fish roe pops in your mouth.. additionally we ordered fried baby crab, so the server brought out a live one for us to see. Just look at the pictures... it tastes as good as it looks..Although it is a drive to get there.. You DEFINITELY HAVE TO EAT HERE!! forget going to those expensive hotel Japanese places .!!http://www.raku-grill.com/
3	Very tasty but portions are tiny.   Order lots if you are hungry.
1	Pains me that I can't give this place 4 or even 5 stars!  The food and service really were outstanding.  BUT and this is a big BUT, my brother and I got a major case of food poisoning from eating a semi cooked oyster appetizer there, which all but ruined the last night of my bachelor party in vegas.   While I know that the extreme heat in Las Vegas makes it difficult to properly refrigerate shell fish to prevent contamination , there's no reason why a place which charges high end prices for japanese food should let this happen.  I'm sure we either got a case of rotovirus or vibrio, whatever it was, it was horrendous.  I almost collapsed at the encore craps table and then proceeded to spend the next 24 hours attached to the toilet.  If you do go, AVOID the oyster! You'll thank me for this later.Update:Despite trying to contact the owner several times, i was consistently ignored until I wrote a letter to the Nevada Public Health Service who promptly did launch an investigation. The response, well it was a short email that didn't even admit guilt for our illness.  YES there are several very positive reviews for this place, but if you get sick here DON'T expect an ounce of sympathy from the owner.  Just be prepared to crap you brains out and deal with it yourself!
5	4.5. one of the best in the country at what they're doing here. very low key, as well (gotta love that)
5	Raku is one of the most unique restaurants you will find in Las Vegas.  The location is in a small strip-mall in Chinatown, an area west of the strip that has become a sort of hotspot for favorite restaurants of local foodies.  Not only is Raku in a very small strip-mall, but it's located in the very back corner of the strip-mall, barely visible from the road.  The restaurant is very small, maybe 15 tables at most, and is usually very crowded, so make sure to make reservations.  While I have had one very bad experience here due to the service, I am too loyal to great food to hate this restaurant.  I also have had too many great experiences here to let bad service ruin it for me.  But nonetheless, this should be an example of how good the food is here.  It is what brought me back after that bad experience, and I am glad it did.  The food at Raku is amazing, that's the best way I can put it.  The menu mostly consists of different skewers of meats, seafood, and vegetables.  All of them are made with the highest quality ingredients, and simply grilled over Japanese charcoal grills.  It won't sound fancy, but the flavors are so profound and so noticeable that you will appreciate their simplicity.  I have dined at Raku around 10 times now, and have compiled a list of my favorite dishes to get here.  -Yellowtail Carpaccio: Thin slices of raw yellowtail, much like sashimi.  My favorite yellowtail comes from Ichiza, but every time I come to Raku, I question if this is my favorite.  Either way, it will be some of the best Yellowtail you have ever had, so definitely try it.  -Duck w/ Balsamic Soy-Foie Gras: some of the best Foie Gras I've ever had, and that's saying a lot.  -Kobe Outside Skirt w/ Garlic: Toasted garlic on top of the very flavorful skirt steak.  -Kobe Beef Filet w/ wasabi: One of the best things on the menu.  Fresh wasabi grated on top of the very tender, flavorful Filet.  Get this!-Kurobuta Pork Cheek: Some of the best pork you will eat.  The small layers of fat are caramelized perfectly on the grill, creating a lot of great flavor in the meat. -Lamb Chop-Yellowtail: simply grilled yellowtail that is very tender, and perfectly cooked.  Fish of this quality needs no sauce as it melts in your mouth.  -Salmon: just like the yellowtail, melts in your mouth.  -Chicken breast wrapped in skin: chicken that is wrapped in its own skin and grilled until the skin is crispy.  -Juicy, deep-fried chicken-Chicken ThighThere are many other great items, but these are the staple items that I think are a must.  The only problem with Raku is that it can get very expensive.  The portions of each skewer are not very large, and you will need several to get full.  The prices are anywhere from $2 for each chicken thigh skewer to $14 for the Foie Gras.  So when you get a lot of these skewers, it can add up.  I usually come to Raku for a special occasion, or a time that I am expecting to spend around $50-$75/ person.  And to be honest, it could easily end up being $100/ person if you want sake, and they have a very good selection of sake.  Do not bring your own wine in, as they do not allow it, and are very stubborn about not allowing it, as well.  Their wine list is terrible, yet for some reason they refuse to have a corkage fee.  When we went in one time, they tried to tell us it was illegal, which was clearly a lie because I've brought wine into many restaurants around Las Vegas, including other places in Chinatown.  But just know ahead of time to either drink sake, or drink bad wine.  They definitely won't let you bring your own.  The service can be very good or very bad.  As is the case with many asian restaurants, the service is not very good unless you are asian or a regular.  I've had bad service here, and I've had pretty good service here, but service doesn't matter too much as long as I can get my Foie Gras!  And much like most of the other best restaurants in Chinatown, Raku is open very late, until 2 am I believe.  So "it's getting late" isn't an excuse not to go here.
4	The food here is beautiful, the atmosphere is wonderful,  and they have fish tanks embedded in the walls! This is not your typical Japanese restaurant. We started with the monthly Sake sampler which was a treat for me because normally I just order the cheap hot sake offered at most Japanese and sushi restaurants. This was a delicious start to our meal! We then ordered: -Sashimi Salad (I absolutely loved this... my favorite dish all night)-Raku's tofu (The first authentic house made tofu I've ever tried, don't expect a lot of flavor but they do have some accompaniment sauces)-Fried Homemade Tofu in Hot Broth (Agedashi tofu, I preferred this over the cold Raku tofu)-Kurobuta Pork Cheek (mind blowing! a must-try)-Chicken Thigh (eh, this was so-so)-Grilled Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce (DELICIOUS!)-Asparagus Wrapped with Bacon (very good, but not much different than you'd have anywhere else)-Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic (very enjoyable)-Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe (This was the experimental dish my boyfriend urged us to order and try. Definitely some interesting flavors! I'll be honest and say I don't find myself craving it :P )You can view all of their dishes on their menu online which I find great for remembering what you ordered when you go back to review. www.raku-grill.com
5	Visited the second time in 7 month, and reconfirmed as my favorite destination in Vegas.1. Bluefine tuna - great2. Baby Baracuda salt grilled - excellent3. Tofu - YES!!!4. Chicken wing - i didn't remember it was this good, we had 8!!!5. Lamb chop - great6. Grilled rice ball - omfg, the miso grilled rice ball was simply the best rice ball i have had ever. 7. Even the plain rice was good.8. Sake - Jade Briliant was surprisingly smooth.YUM YUM YUM,The damage was about 54$ per head.
5	I had no idea Japanese could be served tapas-style!  We went to Raku's last night upon a recommendation by a stranger and after doing a little reading and finding out the background of the very talented, James Beard  award winning chef/owner.The saki selection is extensive and there is also beer and wine available.  We ordered a few of the specials, which can be pricey but are INCREDIBLE.  The snapper was presented so creatively and quality was sublime - it was almost creamy.  The benito was sooooo good, and chef makes his own tofu which we tried both fresh (I'm in heaven) and fried then put in a broth.  The grilled green chilis were addicting - must, must, must have those again.  The corn and potato was so good we had a 2nd order and we tried several other items from the grilled menu - chicken, shrimp, liver - I'm doing the restaurant a disservice by not describing them as they should be.  The food is unique, as one reviewer noted and it is FRESH and oh-so-good!  We will definitely try this again.
5	WOW.I made late night reservations for Raku on a Thursday night.  As a fan of nearby Ichiza and their izakaya cuisine, I had heard that Raku served similar fare but was even better.  I was skeptical, but my sister swore by the place as well, having visited Raku along with some foodie friends of hers.  If it hadn't been for her insistence, I'm not sure I would have squeezed a visit in my busy schedule.I am SO glad I did.  The taxi driver took us for a 10 minute drive off the strip into Chinatown where Raku is located.  A stereotypical strip mall store front greets you but inside the decor is modern and clean despite the small interior space.  Patrons were at every table and it's clear late night dining is their strength as they open til 2 am.    After a brief wait, our seats opened and we began to peruse the extensive menu.  Grilled yakitori items, oden broths, appetizers, and plentiful drinking choices greeted us.  Our plan of attack was simple: try a few things, get a few drinks, and continue as warranted.Hours later, I had come to a clear conclusion : Raku is quite simply the best Japanese restaurant I have ever been to and one of the best restaurants PERIOD that I have ever enjoyed.  As a huge fan of this type of Japanese cuisine, the preparation and presentation of all the dishes blew me away and it's been a long time since I've enjoyed a meal quite as much as I enjoyed this one.  Kudos to my sis.  A few standouts from among the 13 dishes I had:House-made Cold and Hot agedashi tofu - supremely fresh and soft with a hint of sweetness, I enjoyed both presentations.  The cold version is served with their signature green tea sea salt and their raku house soy sauce.  Both taste completely unlike any condiment you've had and enhance the cold tofu wonderfully.  The hot tofu is served in a rich oden broth and served with salmon roe.  Need I say more?Beef Tendon Oden Broth and Meat Intestine Oden Broth - $1.50 each.  Are you kidding me???  $1.50?!?!  That's it???  The single serving of tendon and intestine was flavorful, tender, and complemented wonderfully by the fantastic oden broth they make in house here.  I could order bowls of this stuff and stay all day.Shima Aji Sashimi - fantastic cuts, served in three ways - on top of fresh seaweed, on top of soft glass noodles, and on top of a sauce.  Fresh as can be....how do they get that in the dessert?Nagareko - braised abalone in broth.  One of the most tender abalones I've tasted and not the least bit overdone.  A strong delicious broth of seaweed accompanied it and enhanced the abalone flavor and aroma.  Top notch special.Grilled enoki mushroom with bacon, asparagus with bacon, and Grilled chicken yakitori - I've had yakitori at many places, most notable Sumika in Los Altos, but this was the best I've ever had.  Fantastic flavors, super tender, and absolutely crispy high quality bacon.  It simply is another level beyond yakitori I've had before.  Can't beat the $2-3 yakitori prices either (besides Kobe beef)Seafood with bonito guts - a favorite at Kappo Nami Nami in Mountain View, bonito guts are salted bonito intestines that go wonderfully with sake.   Their version is mixed with high quality sashimi and uni.  Besides the food highlights, the drink menu is outstanding and goes wonderfully with the food.  Fusion cocktails, Japanese specialty beers, and an extensive sake litter  the menu.  But it was the wonderful hot house sake that I loved for both it's sweetness and it's modest $7 price per bottle.  If there are any misses at Raku, they are the oyakodon (the one dish that disappointed....egg slightly overdone) and the desserts (interesting but not mindblowing).  Otherwise, Raku is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've had and I immediately wanted to return the next day.  They have long been a top Yelp restaurant and even been named Restaurant of the Year.  The hype matched the reality.  For you NorCal Japanese fans, think of the best of Gochi, Sumika, Kappo Nami Nami combined and at even better prices and better quality.  I'm not sure you'll find food this good except in Japan.  It's simply that great.  Reservations are a must and late night dining is encouraged to avoid crowds.  Raku accepts credit cards, including American Express.
5	My husband and I fought over the uni soup, pork cheek, ice fish,  Agedashi tofu, and... well, almost everything! We're definitely going back next time we're in Vegas!
5	easily 5 stars, their daily special is a must try. Their foie gras is my favorite, and the service was awesome too!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this spot!  The food is amazing simple, traditional and delightful!  It can be intimadating if you are not familiar with traditional Japanese cuisine but the staff is very patient and explains anything you have concerns about!
5	I'm not going to write all that much.  With all the glitz, glamour, and pretentiousness that is Las Vegas, THIS PLACE IS NONE OF THAT.  It doesn't pretend to be anything.  Unassuming strip mall, friendly staff, cozy environment, and the most reasonable prices I've ever seen for such quality.  The food is amazing.  I loved it all and will be back.  My favorite restaurant in LV so far.  Something satisfying about not being ripped off in Vegas while enjoying a world class meal.  Dishes were brought out with great timing, and the technique of cooking was wonderful.  This is definitely a not so hidden anymore hidden gem.
4	Awesome japanese food. Recommend it for a late night dinner. Get the fried tofu in broth and the crispy juicy chicken appetizer. Surprised how fresh and tasty their sashimi was. Only a 15 minute cab ride from city center.
5	I always have a tough time getting into this place at the last minute, but luckily, they had a cancellation for a table of 4...it was definitely something that was not to be missed.For the special last night they had Blue Fin Tuna Kamma aka the collar. It was rich in flavor with a hint of robata smokiness and delicate in texture.  I've read that while most fish is served boneless, people are missing out. "Like a T-bone in a steak, bones in fish impart incredible flavor to the flesh".  A lesson learned. Raku is definitely a treat to dine at.  Maybe it's because reservations are a must and I can't think that far ahead about what to eat.  But more so because it's not quite your "let's have Pho" or "a burger" kind of joint, or even a steak at Ruth's.  At least for the average eater, like myself, I don't get a chance to eat tuna collar or live uni udon or yummy robata grill items every day.  So when the worlds collide where I can get a table at  moments notice, I'm definitely in food heaven.
5	It's 1:20am and I am so tired, but I just cannot go to sleep without writing a review for this place. I just have to get it off my chest. This small, cozy, reservation-only place is off the hook!! (excuse my slang, I just don't know any other ways to put it) I thought Ichiza was the only late night Japanese hang out place in Vegas, but I was wrong! This place serves authentic Japanese food for very reasonable price, just like Ichiza, but in more sophisticated style. I have ordered Foie Gras, Oden, Raku-Tofu, Agedashi-Tofu, Green Tea Creme Brulee, and Brown Sugar Flan. Everything tasted far beyond my expectation. Servers took time to explain how to eat every dish, and my tea cup was never empty for no more than 5 minutes. Great service! You can tell they put no weird chemicals to boost up the flavor, and food was simple, genuine, healthy, and marvelous. As soon as I've heard this place is reservation-only, I put their phone number in my phone... that's how much they've blown off my mind. Will definitely repeat.
5	This is a truly unique dining experience and one that I would highly recommend to the serious foodie. It is about 10 minutes from the strip. It is hard to find and spot. We had no trouble with reservations but I could see where you could.The staff is Japanese so there could be a language barrier, unless you speak Japanese, but you can work through it. The service was very good. They stayed on top of things and were very pleasant. All of the dishes are small so don't feel bad about ordering 10-15 items off the menu. Once the food starts coming, they keep a good, steady pace. This is not a sushi joint at all. This is a place where you can step outside your comfort zone and be pleasantly rewarded.The chicken breast was as good as I have ever had, anywhere. All of the skewered items were wonderful. The chefs are like artisans. There is as much substance to the presentation as there is to the dishes themselves. I ordered 10 items and regret not ordering more. Not because I was hungry but because I wanted to push the envelope just a bit more. The bathroom was even a treat. It had patterned flowers on the floor and a pseudo-rain forest overhead (complete with the sounds of chirping birds overhead).If you want to expand your culinary horizons or if you just want some seriously good Japanese food, Raku is a must!
5	Sono resutoran wa totemo riipa desu ne? It's a small space in an otherwise unassuming shopping center with several other restaurants, including a korean BBQ and Monta noodle house. Walking in, it's a relaxing space with lots of warm colored, glossy wood tables and intimate lighting. The decor is much nicer than you would anticipate from the surrounding neighborhood. They've recently received a bit of media praise and when we went there was only bar seating available despite it being after 1 AM. Our party of 2 had no problem with that and were seated by a cute waitress. It being the night before Halloween, they were all in costume! Fun! Plus, everyone was speaking REAL Japanese back and forth, from the waitress to the kitchen staff, not just pretending. We were told we only had a half hour or so to order, so we gave the menu a run down and got to it. We started with a 10 oz bottle of cold sake. Our waitress suggested that we try Junmai Ginjo 'Dewazakura Oka', a cherryblossom scented sake with a clean, smooth floral flavor and slight hints of fruit. I also ordered a green tea, which was forgotten, but I'll forgive them since it was packed and she may have thought I just changed my mind when we got the sake. Our bottle was $18 and was enough for the two of us to share over our meal without becoming perilously incapacitated. Because sake is a sobriety ninja like that, it'll slap you silly when you don't expect it to if you're not careful!The FOOD:- Uni in seaweed soup: The uni was sublimely sweet and creamy with a warm exterior from the rich dashi-type broth. It was presented in an adorable wooden bowl with the uni nestled among the seaweed like eggs in a nest. The seaweed was well prepared, with a firm texture and bite. I hate slimy seaweed and this was definitely well prepared quality wakame.  - $4- Sashimi Salad: 3 types of sashimi on tender baby spinach leaves with a savory/sweet dressing, crisped shallots or bonito & a smear of a spicy paste on the side that could be mixed into the salad. It was light and refreshing, with sweet pieces of fish. When served, the waitress told us which pieces were what, a nice attention to detail that I appreciate. High spinach to fish ratio, but it's $9 and it was the largest dish we were served.- Kobe Beef Filet with wasabi: J's favorite, for sure. I really enjoyed this! The piece was roughly 4" long and 1/2"x1" on a skewer with a thin line of wasabi along top. The meat was perfectly cooked and melted as I bit into it. I would go back for this item alone. At $9.50 for a relatively small portion of meat, it's not exactly budget dining, but it's a lovely option to have and still much more affordable than any of the premier steak houses.- Kobe Beef Skirt with garlic: Also fabulous, though it's hard to say if I liked this or the wasabi one better. This had a different grain and so a different overall mouth feel, but still melted apart as I bit into it. The flavor was great, clean, quality beef with crispy pieces of garlic in a row along the top. At $6 it's a little more affordable than the filet, and I can see ordering many rounds of this item with some friends.- Asparagus with bacon: 3 asparagus tips wrapped in small pieces of bacon and grilled. It's a simple idea and presented in a small portion. The asparagus still had a crisp bite and the bacon added a nice smoky flavor, but I don't know if I'd want to order this again. $2.50 for 3 bite size pieces of asparagus is a bit much for me. - House Tofu, 1/2 hot & 1/2 cold: the cold tofu came out first. It had a consistency like mascarpone or creamy cheese, with a very cooling sensation in the body. It was served with lots of thin, flaky bonito, green onions and grated ginger as well as a small offering of sauces/salt that wait on the table. I enjoyed this dish a lot but the boy didn't. Definitely a different beast than the cubes of tofu you can buy in most grocery stores. I topped it with all the plated options and a drizzle of the umeboshi spiked soy sauce. Yuuuuum!The hot tofu was fried, giving it an interesting textured skin and a creamy interior. The broth it came in was dark, with a rich mix of flavors. Orbs of ikura floating on top with a few baby mushrooms in the broth provided great textural interest, especially the briny bursts of flavor the ikura provided in contrast with the creamy tofu interior. I like it better than many of the agedashi tofus I've had elsewhere and it stands unique from it's peers. $10 for the two tofu dishes, but it was a lot of tofu! This was easily the second largest order we recieved.- Kurobuta pork cheek: Skewered bits of crispy fatty meat. It has a different texture than some would probably like- with a texture that's an cross between gizzard [crunchy yet chewy, gristly, fatty] and bacon. It didn't taste greasy or heavy, and was recommended by our waitress. I liked it but it won't be the first thing I have to order upon returning. $2.50
4	Hubby and I went here back in August and I haven't had a chance to write my review.  The chef worked up some sexy food.  The flavors of the food were amazing and reminded me of Guu in Vancouver.  However, Raku takes this type of food to another level.  We ordered so much food but the most memorable was the Agedashi tofu.  I think it's housemade.  There's a subtle sweetness to the tofu that leaves me wanting more and more.  Dinner for two was around $150.  I recommend making a reservation since the place is small and usually packed.  I prefer the robata grill items over the sushi.   And if you must, check out the bathroom.  If you are a bird fan, well it might just be your thing but me... it was just a tad creepy.  -M2
5	Raku never disappoints. The quality of food and service surpasses any Japanese restaurant in Vegas. Venturing off the strip and the wait is worth it! There's no words to describe how great the menu is with genius offerings like potato INSIDE a grilled corn. favorites: grilled rice ball, sashimi salad, potato w/ corn, portabella mushroom, desserts!
5	one of the best meals i ever had in vegas for an affordable price. the food just kept on coming! We had a big group so we did the omakase and let the chef decide what to bring to us. I believe the prices are higher now...For the full review, check out my food blog: http://seekingfood.blogspot.com/search/label/raku
5	Immaculate flavors...instructions included.After weeks of anticipation, my dinner at Raku finally arrived last night.  The fact that this place exists where it does is curiously incredible; somewhere very special nestled in an extremely unspecial looking shopping center.  A few minutes after sitting down our server walked over with a chalkboard full of specials.  The specials started at raw foods and culminated in the cooked meats.I asked the server if we could order the omakase menu.  She told me that normally the chef likes a few days notice for that, but she would ask him.  Well lucky for us, the chef said yes, and for $50 each, we began our journey through some of the most exciting tastes and textures I've had since moving to Las Vegas.I came prepared, ready to snap photos of everything we ate and write down the main components of each dish.  As soon as the first plate came, I scrapped that plan, and decided to just fully immerse myself in the wonderful experience.  We were served many things, and I cannot do them all the justice they deserve in this review, so I will focus on my three favorite items:Fresh Water Mackeral Sashimi - Completely raw, not cured in salt of Kombu.  The mackeral was regally delicate, with a shimmering silver skin.  The dim lights in the restaurant illuminated the fish like a spotlight from the sky.  Crispy Mackeral - The skin and bones from the mackarel we ate sashimi from were served.  LIght and crispy, I could have snacked on this on the couch while watching Jeopardy!  I loved being able to enjoy the whole fish, and appreciate the chef's attention to both the complexity of flavors, and sustainable food practice.  Braised Abalone - served with daikon radish and an elegant sea weed broth.  Each bite was an explosion of new flavors, I felt like I new taste buds were sprouting up on my tongue especially for this dish.  Not to offend, but it was like losing your virginity, only less awkward afterwards.  Raku is one of those must-haves for the appreciative eater.  Each dish will be brought out along with recommendations of how to fully enjoy all the flavors.  This is magnificent meal, reservations are a must.  Can't take a trip to Japan, allow your tongue to experience what the rest of you cannot.
4	Our hosts recommended that we get Japanese "tapas" at this locale for dinner one night, and boy, were we glad we agreed.  Raku is actually just a few doors down from Monta Noodle House, where I had eaten for lunch just earlier...so it was a familiar scene. We didn't go until 11 at night, and about half an hour after we were seated, more and more people kept coming through the doors and getting seated.. This place is definitely a late night spot for many...and it wasn't even party kids or anything, several were much older guests.  Good food is good food, I guess, regardless of age.  Well, onto our meal...we were definitely not disappointed.  Had a tofu dish, i forget what it's called, the foie-gras with egg-custard(which was okay, I'd rather have the foie-gras ), Custard with scallop,  and the kobe beef tendon, bacon-wrapped tomato, chicken thigh, and a few other things I can't remember, but almost everything was good.  The Kobe tendon was actually pretty good, but the size of the tendon on the skewer plus the texture might not be appealing to many.  I liked it tho.  Meal for about 4 people only cost us $70 total, so it wasn't bad at all.   But seeing the various items on the menu, this place can get costly, but it would be just like if you were ordering various pieces of sushi from a sushi bar.  You get what you pay for.Our server was very helpful in recommending various items and we were satisfied without overstuffing our selves.  Parking - pretty spacey, and I'm sure this place can get pretty packed also.  This entire area (pretty much considered China town) has a ton of restaurants, so I'ma have to go venturing again in the future.
5	Definitely a hidden gem in Vegas. Delicious. Friendly staff.
5	Of all the cities, bars, restaurants and otherwise I've indulged my way through as a result of Yelp-scouting, Raku sits alone as my shining star. A few come close (Uchi in Austin comes to mind) but none quite capture the same balance of satisfaction vs. value vs. location that Raku does. It is, my greatest Yelp. When you can ride 200 reviews to a nearly flawless five star rating I feel little need to chronicle the intricacies of the place. Just know that it's about a $10 cab ride (each way) from The Strip, is quite small (with a couple of quaint private rooms) so reservations are recommended and it hands down serves the best food I've had in Sin City until an honest 3am. I was in Vegas this past week for an extended bachelor party and had narrowed down my "must-do" list to Raku from an initial pool of about 12 reccomendations on Yelp. While I eventually did manage to hit 3 or 4 candidate restaurants I suspected that I might only have one shot at a chance to steal away from the guys (not foodies) and see what the place was all about. It absolutely did not disappoint. I grabbed a seat at the five or six occupancy bar and immediately made friends with a cute Japanese girl who as it turned out was something of a fixture. She helped me through the menu (and three bottles of sake) from 11pm until after 3am as well as acted as intermediatary between myself and the owner. Whether or not he actually spoke English or just found my position amusing I don't know, but even without speaking to each other directly he was a cheery and fun guy. To satisfy my own memory I'll try and list everything I had. All were amazing, a few spectacular.-Seafood with Bonito Guts Pickled in Salt-Fresh Kobe Beef Liver with Garlic (had it sashimi style, also available seared)-Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe-Fried Homemade Tofu in Hot Broth (best tofu I've ever had, in amazing broth with salmon roe)-Raku's Tofu (unfried version of above, served with green tea salt and spicy vinegar, had a half portion of each)-Steamd Egg Custard with Foie Gras (holy crap, maybe my favorite)-Chicken Thigh (perfectly seasoned and grilled, on skewers, wow)-Mushrooms (small, brown and marinated then grilled, don't remember much else)-Ayu Kanro-ni (caramely whole river fish marinated in soy/sake/mirin and wrapped in banana leaf)-Crispy Chicken Knees (sort of a chewier version of pork cracklins'...dude!)-Some sort of sweet/salty rice cracker sticks-Asparagus grilled and crusted with rice cracker-Asian Pear Sorbet (holy freaking crap...utterly amazing)Dishes ran anywhere from $3 up to about $12 for the foie gras and kobe liver. With three bottles of sake (no idea what they were, my dining companion picked three different ones), approx. 15 dishes (I'm forgetting a few), a $40 tip and some cash to the chef behind the grill/bar, I was still out of there for just a little over $200. My best advice if you find yourself within 200 miles of Vegas is eat here, at all costs, if you're at all into Japanese pub food. It's the best experience I've had in this country. If you speak any Japanese this is a great place to use it. That can be a mistake at most of the nice/trendy sushi places around the US where the majority of employees hail from other parts of Asia. But at Raku a boisterous "itadakimasu!" will be greeted with cheers; everyone is straight out of Nihon.Oh and don't miss the specials board, 10 or so off-menu options that comprised most of my favorite selections.
5	Yum, their agedashi tofu is amazing! Home made tofu and the broth was definitely something to indulge yourself in! It's small and quaint, makes me think of one of those "holes in the walls." It's a great place for locals and for tourists to go, it's relatively close to everything, especially Chinatown.
5	Wow... is all I can say about this place.  I don't live in Vegas, but come here once in a while for fun and vacation.  This is a gem, believe me !  I especially love its beef liver sashimi topped with raw garlic.  It's a delicacy you can't find any where else.    Other plates are just as original and creative as they could be.  Reservation recommended, so you don't have to wait in line.
5	This is probably my favorite part of my last Vegas trip.  Expect to spend, but expect to enjoy.I am going to dive right into the things we tried.  Everybody else has already mentioned everything else, so we'll go with my opinions on a few things that I still clearly remember:+ Fried homemade tofu... bomb!  This was amazing.  We started with the homemade (nonfried) tofu and this easily 1 upped it! (It was double the price though)+Pork ear:  So good, perfectly cooked so it was nice and crunchy.  Texture was perfect, so good...+Kobe beef tendon:  When you hear tender, you imagine tender.  Now imagine something even more tender yet still has enough texture to keep you happy and knowing that it's tendon.  Amazing!+Yellowtail carpaccio:  REALLY fresh, tasty, not fishy at all!  The dip it comes with is very strong so be conservative about it.  You don't want to overpower the star!+Hamachi sashimi:  It was on their special board.  This was amazing.  $20 for 6 pieces of sashimi.  Expensive.  BUT WORTH IT!  It was a nice and fatty cut of fish.  Definitely worth it.+Kobe fillet with garlic: This was good, but almost not worth it.+Duck with balsamic vinegrette: Amazing.  Duck was prefect and the vinegrete complimented the duck so well.+Pork cheeks: I can't believe I initially forgot this!!!  This is my friend's must have here.  SO good!  Pure pork fat with tender meat.  God.  I want to go back, now.-xxx wrapped in bacon:  Eh.  This has been overdone.  Even though it tastes good, I'd rather get it at cheaper places (tastes the same).  I'd get the other menu items before gettign this stuff.We ordered quite a bit more, but these were most memorable.  Some things were better some worse than things mentioned here.  Definitely something to add to your bucket list!
5	I have to just say that I can't speak for what's on the menu.  My friends and I did a $50 omakase (chef's choice) and here's what came out:1.  Salad with fresh hamachi, salmon and ahi sashimi.2.  Caesar salad with crunchy shrimp (?) instead of croutons.3.  Seki saba sashimi (the only type of saba you can eat raw).4.  Bacon wrapped mushrooms.5.  Yakitori (chicken) skewers.6.  Pork butt skewers.  So yummy!7.  Grilled salmon with ikura and daikon.8.  Chicken popsicles.  It wasn't called that but it looked like a drumstick made with ground chicken and I didn't know the name of it.  LOL9.  Wagyu beef sticks with crispy garlic slices.10.  Agedashi tofu.11.  Uni with soba noodles and ikura, served in the uni shell.12.  Super light and fluffy cheesecake, topped with raspberries.That is by far, THE BEST $50 omakase dinner I've ever had and would definitely recommend checking this place out.  Next time, I'll have to look at the menu to see what can be ordered and what can't but I can't wait to go back and have been raving it about it to all my friends.  Go!
5	I took my hubby here for his birthday together with our two kids. Husband is Japanese (born and raised in Japan) and really enjoys authentic Japanese food, which is overall very hard to find in the US.Based on the yelp reviews I decided to give this a try. Called for a reservation pretty late and was given the table by the door. Maybe not the best table in the restaurant, but we really wanted to do so we decided to take it. Upon arriving, we were given another table as another customer had cancelled. Great!Now the food; we ordered several dishes and all were really spectacular. Some that stood out were:- Fried homemade Tofo  ...  this is THE BEST tofu and stock I have ever tasted. All is homemade, the tofu, dashi soup, etc ... no MSG's used which is so nice and the flavors are so well balanced and mild.- Kobe beef tendon ... just think about butter melting in your mouth ... so tender and juicy ... the best of the best.- Foie gras flavored egg custard ... a little different from what you would find in Japan, but again the flavors were so well balanced.You will notice that you will eat less of this food as the flavors are so satisfying and the food takes some time to come out as ALL is made fresh. We spend about $100 for two adults and two children. Well worth the money!Overall an incredible experience at a very reasonable price and well worth a five star! Will sure to go back when visiting Vegas in the future and would definitely recommend this to everyone who really enjoys top quality authentic homemade Japanese food.
2	I read all the reviews for this rest and stopped by while I was in Vegas.   I appreciate a Japanese restaurant hiring only Japanese severs and one guy taking pride in his cooking, BUT even I had a hard time understanding their english and since there is only one guy cooking.... we waited what felt like eternity to finally eat.  My finance loved the chicken thigh yakitori.  I had the salmon ochazuke, so overrated!! And we ordered some oden.  I've had better. To be fair, I didn't try any of the dishes everyone was raving about but from what I did order.... it really wasn't worth the wait.Don't eat here if you are starving, the food takes too long.  But if you have time to kill and prefer getting drunk to pass the time then this place just might be for you!
5	We had an amazing meal here on wednesday night.   It was my second time here.  The first time was before they did the renovation.   It's a lot bigger now (yay!) We started off with a bottle of demon slayer one of my favorite sakes.   We ordered a bunch of stuff off the specials board.  The portion sizes are great.  The sashimi special came with about 8 pieces of regular pieces and 3 or four smaller thinner pieces.  The shima aji sashimi, so delicious and melted in my mouth!  I will go back just for the shima aji...sooo good. The kobe beef tataki, amazing!  Tender and flavorful.  Came with about 10 pieces of beef.    We also got the braised pork belly which makes my mouth water just thinking about it right now! It came with 4 pieces of pork belly with a sauce drizzled on top in a broth with some greens.   The last thing we got off the specials board was the ayu kanroni.  Hmm...we got it because it sounded interesting, but it wasn't our favorite. It was a whole marinated sweet fish that was cold.  It wasn't bad, just different, I think I was expecting a hot dish.    We got the poached egg with sea urchin which is a visually stunning dish and tasty as well.  From the grill we got shishito peppers and chicken breast with skin.  Both tasty as well.  Unfortunately they were out of the corn stuffed with potato.  For dessert we ordered green tea creme brulee and green tea ice cream.  We didn't realize the creme brulee already comes with a scoop of ice cream. But both were sooo good!  So an amazing dinner for 2 with a big bottle of sake and dessert came out to $140.  What a great deal!  No celebrity chef spottings this time, but last time Rick Moonen from Top Chef Masters was sitting next to us!
5	Just got back from Vegas and went to Raku twice.  My opinion remains unchanged.  Everything we had was very good except for the Kobe beef liver sashimi.  I only say that because I couldn't get over the thought of liver sashimi so mental aversion prevented me from enjoying the dish.  I'm glad we went twice since there are so many things to order we needed more than one visit.
5	My friend had been raving about this place for over a year and I'm happy to say that we finally made it.  First things first, make a reservation.  The restaurant itself is tiny.  Secondly, don't arrive too early, as there is no extra space to hang.  Or do arrive early, there is an awesome low-key bar across the parking lot.  Anyhow, I won't put you through a list of all the wonderful things we tried, as we'd be here for awhile.  It's easy to get carried away with the ordering, the menu is quite extensive and they offer a chalkboard full of specials as well.  What I can tell you, though, is that every single thing I put in my mouth was a-mazing!  Especially that grilled scallop, we went back for seconds (ok, maybe thirds) on that one.  We ordered over 30 items on the menu and not one thing was anything short of ridiculously delicious.  You really can't go wrong, and I tried to order even the most unusual items.I went in expecting to spend but it really wasn't too bad.  We ended up stuffed for around $75 pp including a couple of rounds of drinks and dessert.  One thing to remember also is to call a cab well in advance.  It took our cab almost an hour to make it out to us and, as I mentioned before, there is nowhere to wait but outside.  Not good if it's chilly.Definitely the best Japanese restaurant I've been to.  I loved every second!
5	Very good.Cant wait to go back and try other things on the menuThe only complaint is I wished the dishes came out faster but perfection takes time.
5	Excellent service marked by even better food. Yui and Maiko (?sp) are super sweet and explain everything to a T.It's a small place and reservations are recommended. Every time my boyfriend and I walk in we are accommodated. So thats a plus. Sake tasting is the way to go here as far as alcohol. The cold sake cocktails are also delicious.Be sure to order the deep fried housemade tofu with salmon roe and this amazing broth! (agedashi tofu) You will not regret it! It is awesome. Another staple for me is the pork cheek skewers. Those are delicious!Even the simple things like boiled eggs or a kombu broth are good.I also had my first cold soba noodle experience here and it was great! It was so homey and comforting for something served cold.There really isnt anything that isnt good on this menu.Some things can be pricey, but you can go as high or low as you want because they are small dishes. Great place to unwind after work!
5	Just awesome, i guarantee it
5	OMG...went there 2 dinners out of 3..yes, it was that good...every dish was out of the world good...i wish i can eat at Raku every single day. saw next table eating 10 course meal.  will definitely try it next time.
4	What an experience! I'm really glad that I happened to read the "Quick Tips"  for this restaurant before and called ahead to make a reservation. Too bad it was on our way there and for 12:00am for the first available but we ventured off to The Palms for gambling and drinks. We tried many tapas plates that night but the ones that I remember were the Sashimi Salad (the best I've had yet), Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic (just eh), Foie Gras with Glazed Soy-base Sauce (great taste), Asparagus with Bacon (skip this) and Miso Soup. A plate is about $5 to $7 and small in size but if you are with other I'd suggest ordering several to taste many dishes. Lastly, the bathroom is pretty cool.
5	AMAZING. Oh Raku, how I love thee!So glad you are located in Las Vegas, because otherwise, I may be visiting you all the time.  Fresh, homemade tofu, Foie Gras on a stick, Uni, fresh sashimi, sake sampler, special import beer... Just a few of my favorite things. And, for all that and more, a $45 pp bill.  Really reasonable!  Can't wait to return to try their special chef's omakase.  It requires letting the chef know ahead of time and I think is about $150 a person.  I am sure it'll be decadent and completely AMAZING.
5	Amazing selection of eclectic food. Service is always good and consistent. Ask for the chefs creation of the day
4	After seeing all the stellar reviews, I knew that J and I had to have our last meal in Vegas together at Raku (especially since we still had our rental car!). Unfortunately, because J's flight was at 8:45, we ended up rushing through our meal.SERVICE: FABULOUS. The staff was super accommodating, and took care of all our needs; they didn't even bat an eye when we asked them to rush our orders. 5 starsAMBIANCE: Good amount of lighting. Very cozy. I loved the extremely authentic vibe, and the fact that so many of the patrons were obvious regulars. FOOD: very good. We had:- Kurobuta pork cheek: probably the worst of the grilled items we ordered. For whatever reason, the meat was extremely chewy, to the point of being inedible in some cases.- Yellowtail: ooh so good. SO well prepared-- seared on the outside and slightly rare on the inside, extremely tender and delicious. My fave of the night- Homemade agedashi tofu: very unique, and when paired with ikura and the soy based broth... yum yum- Balsalmic glazed duck: good, but nothing to write home about- Beef tendon oden: extremely tender beef. I thought there would be more broth, but this was pretty tastyOVERALL: I would love to dine at Raku again... next time for a more leisurely meal. I reserve that 5th star for my visit in the future!
5	I haven't always appreciated Japanese food.  My native cuisine, Vietnamese, undoubtedly shares some common ingredients with Japanese but the philosophies of the two are quite different from one another.  Vietnamese cuisine prioritizes the boldness of flavors whereas Japanese cuisine respects the quality of ingredients.  Either way, it took me some time to fall in love with the latter.Now that Japanese food is such a favorite lover, it's difficult to only settle for mediocre encounters.  So I'm thankful to have had a rendezvous with Raku one Friday evening, since the exquisite tastes of that rendezvous have left me wanting more.  I couldn't help but think of the restaurant's decor in terms of a woman, who is stunningly beautiful but dressed in a sophisticated manner.  The restraint in sultriness also resonates in the food, presented like a Thakoon silk gown draped across the body of Thandie Newton (for those who cannot extract a vision, google the gorgeous actress).  Beyond the presentation, the food tastes of superior quality that combined opposites of flavors.  Grilled duck with balsamic soy sauce was buttery but clean.  Sashimi salad had spinach and fresh fish that were fresh, crunchy, tender, and savory.  Cold tofu and hot tofu were rich but airy, and melted in your mouth like pudding.For some time, my foodie friends have been making fun of me for not having the Raku flavors in my taste dictionary and now I agree with them about the pilgrimage that foodies have to make to Raku.
5	OMG!!!  Not just my favorite Japanese, but my favorite restaurant, hands down.  I don't like tofu, but I like their tofu.  Every misconseption you have about asian food is shattered at Raku.  It's just that good.
5	This has been the best Japanese I have had in Vegas thus far. My boyfriend and I didn't have reservations either and they were kind enough to take us in last minute. Usually it's best to make reservations, especially if you are planning on dining on the weekends.Our favorites were the grilled items: chicken breast w/ skin, beef skirt w/ garlic, pork ear, and the enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon. The portion sizes were smaller, but just enough for you to try a good variety of items. We also ordered some of the items off the special menu: baby Japanese conch [which was too bland] and homemade fresh tofu. The tofu had a nice texture to it, I would recommend getting it half fried and normal so you get to taste both textures. If you are a fan of uni [sea urchin], I would recommend getting the sea urchin seaweed soup. The uni was extremely fresh and the soup was light enough to not mask the sweetness of the uni. I would definitely go back to this place. Just keep an open mind when trying their items since the descriptions aren't the best. If you like a smaller environment with dishes that are unique from other places, I would recommend this place to you.
4	My boyfriend mentioned this place last year and I thought he said Roku so I went to Sushi Roku. One year later, I've finally made it. Please make a reservation because they will not take you without one. Walk-ins are only accepted if a party does not show up and the likelihood of that happening is pretty slim. We tried to walk in on a Tuesday with no luck but luckily got an early Thurs reservation.I think we ordered about 1/2 the menu. I won't go through all the dishes but each and every single dish was solid. From the grill, I love their pork ears. They are fatty and crispy at the same time. They just melt in your mouth. You can also get half orders of the Raku/Agedashi tofu. The tofu here is absolutely amazing! It's very very smooth. Raku's tofu is served cold with bonito shavings, ginger and scallions. Agedashi tofu is lightly fried and served hot in a soy sauce like sauce. You have to try it both ways to get the full effect. Mixed thoughts on the service. It feels like they usually have good service but slipped up tonight. We were seated and forgotten for a good 15 min before someone came to take our drink order and give us a second menu.  Our reservation was for 6pm. At about 5 minutes to 8pm, our last order was served. We then wanted to place our last 1 grill item and dessert order. She said something to the likes of "Oh but you have this table to 8pm. They didn't tell you?" Uh...no. She was very nice about letting us stay but it was still an awkward exchange. Another table near us was also politely kicked out. Perhaps this was all because they had a big party that night. What's kind of neat is the waitress always asks if she can take your empty bowl even when it's clearly empty and by the side of the table. So polite!All in all, Raku is a very well rounded restaurant. I definitely prefer this atmosphere over the foofy casino restaurants. For the same price, you get better quality food too.
4	Japanese Simplicity, Sophistication and Imagination is what I get from this place! Walked in here with No Reservation and we almost had to walk out.. But lady was nice enough to give us a 1 hour time limit to dine. Their supposed Popular Dish:Homemade Tofu 1/2 cold and 1/2 fried:- the cold tofu was OK to say the least. Soft textured that held together and flavorless. But adding some green onion and minced ginger that came on the side, sprinkled some of their green tea salt and poured some housemade soy sauce that gave it some life. - the fried tofu was much better and I would definitely order this again! It came half submerged in a nicely balanced soy/tempura type broth, topped with caviar (I believe), dried seaweed strips, chopped green onion and a side smudge of Japanese chili paste/sauce. The saltiness of the caviar with the mildness of the broth made a delightful combination with the delicate consitency of the tofu. Exquisite Dish!!From the Robata Grill: * The following orders were bite sized pieces stabbed in skewers Chicken Breast with Chicken Skin wrapped around it:  white chicken meat with slightly crispy skin. Tasted as expected but didn't expect it to be tiny sized.Tomato with Bacon: tiny tomatoes wapped with slightly cooked bacon. Not bad and Not Special.Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce: smelled sinful, richness of duck camoflauged by balsamic and soy sauce, cooked right with a char flavor.. Pretty good.Kurobuta Pork Cheek: Porky Tasty, tad oily and fatty.. A winner in my book!Drinks:Bottled Ginger Ale: had a spicy note and went nice with everything.Piping Hot Tea (came at the end of the meal): nice way to cleanse the palate and end the night.*I am not a real fan of Raw Stuff especially Super Raw food so their "Kaiseki" seasonal course cuisine would not appeal to me. But from the high-degree of preparedness of the food mentioned above, it may be safe to say that it would be worth it for those that are more Adventurous and Daring!Atomsphere was Zen like, Small, Clean, Simple and Beautiful.. Bathroom was Unbelievably Artistically Decorated!! There was a Tree with leaves and birds that chimed, grass between paved step stones and rose pedals.. Yeah, WTF?! Really Cool Bathroom! Service was Normal, Prices a bit high overall and Impressive Presentation of Food. I will be back to try more from the Grill!! Don't Forget to make a Reservation!!
5	I was soooo excited when my friend took me to this place.  Its tradition japanese food thats done properly.  I love everything I have tried there, a little bit fushion but the chefs know what they are doing.  The quality and freshness of their fish is outstanding.  The presentation is good as well.I love their homemade tofu, and Foie Gras.  The Salmon was probably a less impressive dish.  Good Sake collections also, I didn't like the taster sake menu that much simply because I already knew what I like.  I love this place!!!  Its expensive if you compare to local korean sushi places that use mayo to cover up the poor quality of fish. But definitely way cheaper than the ones inside Casino.  I probably would go to this place as often as I can.. Yum..
5	This might be our favorite restaurant experience of all time.  Hidden in a strip mall, Raku instantly surprises you with decor that is modern and stylish and yet reminiscent of a traditional restaurant in Japan.The food is truly amazing here.  A mix of standard and original dishes, smartly conceived, and expertly prepared with very fresh ingredients.  Every offering is an adventure in flavor and texture.  I've often wondered what it must be like to sit at the judges' table of the original Iron Chef, but I can't imagine it's much better than having a meal at Raku.Some highlights:Agedashi Tofu: Creamy and smooth tofu delicately fried and served in a savory broth.  Loved it, and I don't even particularly like tofu.Poached egg with sea urchin and salmon roe, with okra and daikon and mushrooms and broth: So much contrast between the different ingredients, and yet it all makes for a great dish.Steamed foie gras egg custard: Heavenly.Grilled foie gras: Sinful.Sashimi salad: Very fresh fish on a bed of greens, lovely dressing, crispy fried onion topping.Fluffy cheesecake: Beautifully presently, wonderfully light.  A sublime finish.The wait staff was very welcoming, friendly, responsive, and helpful.  On top of everything else, the portions are relatively large, and the prices are quite affordable for the quality of food.  My wife and I had about 9 different dishes, were totally satisfied, and made it out with a total bill under $100.Visit both restrooms.  Very pleasant and surprising.If you're in Vegas, forgo the restaurants on the strip and visit Raku.
5	Worth the wait. Fresh, well made Japanese. Delicate dishes. I could eat here every night.
4	I give this place 3.5 stars, but I don't think yelp allows me to give half stars.  However, I would lean to a 4 than a 3 star.  I would recommend this place to someone that has never been to this style of japanese restaurant.  It's just I've been to better ones in Los Angeles.The kobe beef was ok.  The cheap price made it palatable, in terms of kobe beef prices.  The kobe beef skirt steak was better for me than the kobe beef with wasabe.  I guess I like the garlic taste better on the skirt steak versus the wasabe. The duck with balsamic vinegar was really good.  It was very soft and juicy.  I would recommend anyone to try this dish.  I would also recommend trying the crispy/crunchy asparagus.  I would normally order the asparagus wrapped with bacon, but the crispy asparagus was surprisingly good.I tried both kinds of tofu and both were pretty good.  The cold tofu was delicious.  It was soft and melted in your mouth.  The agedashi tofu was good, but I liked the cold tofu better.One thing I was disappointed about this place was that they did not have quail egg wrapped in bacon, which is normally served at these restaurants. If you plan to go to this place, make a reservation at least a week ahead.
5	every time I come to Vegas I always stop here at least once on my trip.  Its not far off the strip and you get some of the best Tofu and fish you can get in Vegas.  I recommend lots of items.  Ask what is best but for sure you should get the miso soup and both cold and hot Tofu.  Its homemade and taste unbelievable. Other hot picks are the..1. Kobe Beef both plates2. Rakus tofu3.mushroom wrapped with bacon4.Fish sashimi special (ask for it)and the list goes on and on.  Stay off the cheesy Vegas strip restaruants and do your self a favor and give this place a try whether your a local or just visiting Vegas.  Cheers
5	Raku turned out to be one of those places that got me saying "holy hellfire s, Yelp, thanks for letting me know!"As a fan of our local Yu Me Ya Sake House, Raku was already on the radar.  Our Sat night dinner confirmed the best of my expectations.Two items in the surprisingly f'n good category were:- The fried and cold tofu.  Who could imagine, especially with cold tofu, that something could be so flavorful?  (Who could imagine that I'd even eat tofu when the meat menu was so lengthy?)- The Kobe beef tendon.  Our server warned that it's "slimy."  It's not what I'd anticipated, after having tendon in pho and tweaking various tendons in my body.  Consistency of butter, and an incredibly rich bordering-on-foie-gras flavor... wow!Our server was very gracious and helpful with recommendations.  Even though it's in a strip mall, the interior is beautiful.There will be another trip from the Strip there on my next Vegas excursion.
3	Tapas style; portions small and expensive for the amount.  However, the quality was pretty good.  We ended up having to eat a second meal an hour later because we were not filled an hour before (the two of us left the establishment with a $150 bill).
5	I love their Sashimi salad and pork cheeks.  They also have this green tea/salt that you can put on your skewers if you like, but you don't really need to as most things are seasoned well.Scallops are my favorite and they have it nicely cooked and seasoned.  Although we tried drinking the broth and it was salty but I'm not sure if you were meant to drink it or not.  The servers were nice it does take a little time to get your food, but it's nice enviroment...meant for a slower pace dinner.  I recommend making a reservation or else you might not be seated depending on the time and day.  They make their tofu fresh daily :) We tried two desserts and I can't decide which one I like better...but they have cheesecake and chocolate cake.  Portions are on the small end, but full of rich favor.  Although the chocolate cake and green tea ice cream gets some getting used to but after a couple of bites I liked it :)
4	Raku is what I would call Las Vegas' most avant garde Japanese izakaya in the city. The food at the restaurant is about as authentic and minimal as any restaurant on the Japanese islands themselves. The chef of the restaurant is well renowned for making his own tofu and soy sauce and the dedication to his craft shows in every dish that is served in Raku. The ambiance of the place is cozy while maintaining an air of exclusiveness that most patrons seem to relish in. Although it's no longer the prized hidden jewel of the city, most people that give Raku frequent patronage still regard the small restaurant as a secret treasure. The menu is interesting and filled with unique ingredients that are designed for more sophisticated palates. If fois gras, beef liver, sea urchins, tendons, and pork ears are all new to your culinary vocabulary, Raku might not be the place for you.The "Agedashi Tofu" is the must have item on the menu. Traditionally, agedashi tofu is a type of battered tofu that is fried until the outside is golden brown and then served with tentsuyu broth, grated daikon (type of Asian radish), and bonito flakes. The Raku specialty way of making agedashi tofu is unrivaled with any other restaurant in the city that offers the same selection.The poached egg with uni (sea urchin) and ikura (salmon caviar), is another absolute favorite. The silky and rich smoothness of the uni paired with the buttery thickness of the bursting egg yolk goes perfectly with the salty pop given off by the ikura. Raku offers a decent selection of Japanese sake for you to sample. A lot of women tend to love the sparkling sakes that they offer here. As a note of advice to all sake drinkers, do not order hot sake or ask them to heat a bottle of cold sake. The Japanese heat lower grade sake to mask its flaws. Anytime one heats alcohol, it renders the characteristics of the alcohol obsolete and thus any sake served hot is because it is ultimately a low quality sake that isn't worth drinking cold.
5	Do they make anything that isn't great. I've nearly tried everything on the menu and it's all been fantastic. My top 4 that I order each time I'm there - crispy asparagus, adegashi tofu, fried chicken, soy-glazed foie gras. I always end with the foie because it's my favorite dish there and it never disappoints. The crispy asparagus makes you shake your head and question that your really eating asparagus because I guarantee that you've never tasted some with so much flavor. I really can't say anything bad about this place, it's a Las Vegas hidden treasure and a rarity to find such high quality off the strip.
5	Came again and left satisfied.It is my official can't miss destination in Vegas.New discovery includes Mirror of Truth sake and Hanpen in the Oden menu.
5	What a great place. Food from sashimi from fish of all kinds to the best Fois Gras I have ever had. It runs the gamut and I have yet to find anything that was anything short of delciious. I have gone there 6 times now and I think as we all seem to agree its about the best place to eat in Las Vegas. How about those Pork Cheeks!!!! thank you!
5	I don't think I've been to restaurant where I have oohed and awwwed at every dish like I did this one. Quite possibly, the best restaurant I have eaten at!Was taken here by my good friend who knows his food, and he knew exactly what to order because everything we had was amazing. We had so many different dishes and each one was full of flavor and fresh.We also got the Saki flight and that was a great look considering the majority of the table came to the restaurant buzzed and drunk.Again everything was so good but these were my favorites* Best Lamb Chops ever.* Kobe Beef tendons - wowzer (maybe my favorite, it was like eating butter)* Crispy fried shrimp - if you ve never had shrimp heads then you really haven't experienced true amazing shrimp flavor* Tofu Soup - this dish is a must, it made me a tofu convert. The flavors are not what you experience on a regular day (unless your japanese), order this!* Chicken Breast with Chicken skin * Kobe Beef - (we got it 2 ways and each one was melt in your mouthy and clean)Forget the restaurants on the strip, this is going to be the freshest and best tasting meal you can have!
3	Good to try something other than sushi, ramen, or udon. The food was delicious and the service was good. I recommend the Agedashi Tofu and the Duck.  Two really great dishes. The real question is, would I make this a regular spot? ...No. Sorry. There's something fun but not filling about constant small plates. The prices are a little high but not unreasonable. (Three people/85% full/$150) I agree with other yelpers that the rave reviews may be from people who haven't experienced a Robata grill or good Oden. Honestly, I would rather head next door to Monta, order Tonkatsu Ramen and Kimchi Fried Rice and be happy, full, and save $120 bucks!
4	I admit I didn't want to go the first time my husband made very-hard-to-get reservations at Raku.  This restaurant scared me because there were a lot of things on the menu that I had never eaten, and wasn't sure if I wanted to try (like charred pork cheek).  But, like all great finds, I jumped in head first and tried it all!Above all else, make reservations.  Both times we've gone, there have been people who have tried to walk in and get a seat only to be told the first available table would be at midnight!  It is crazy popular.Raku is genius because everything on the menu is pretty cheap (we're talking around $4 for most dishes) and the delicious dishes are small, so you can try a bunch of things, get pretty full, and still leave with money in your pocket.  A word of caution, however, the things that are on their specials board are NOT so cheap, so be careful about that board!Oh, and that pork cheek I mentioned earlier?  Pretty much my most favorite thing in the world now.
5	Seriously? How have I not reviewed this place sooner!?I heart Raku. I cannot sing their praises enough. I regularly recommend this place to friends from Vegas and those just in town visiting. There's really not anything I can say that hasn't been said already. Seriously, look at their star-rating. That says it all. I haven't had one thing that I didn't fawn over. My favorites include the tempura asparagus, homemade tofu and the best thing there... corn stuffed with potato. Seriously amazing food. Without a doubt the most memorable thing I have had at Raku. But it's all good, so you can't really go wrong here. Make reservations. This place is TINY and fills up fast. Make sure you don't miss out.
3	Sorry - we had the "Kaiseki" dinner and it was not a great experience.The service was excruciatingly slow.  They served one course (which is one bite in some cases) and then we'd wait 10-15 minutes.   This is notgood for a 15-course dinner.  At some point I asked them to pick up the pace which didn't really help. It was ridiculous.That said, many of the dishes were fantastic.  Two tofu dishes were great.  The soups were great.  The panko encrusted asparagus was great.My wife had been here 3 months prior and had a great dinner just ordering off the menu.I also WOULD NOT CALL THIS KAISEKI.  More like a chef's selection.3-stars because of the protracted length of the dinner and indifferent service.
5	its pretty amazing here.  it's easy to get caught up in all of the choices at all of the various casinos.  mario batali, daniel boulud, wolfgang puck, etc etc.  unfortunately, these restaurants barely resemble their authentic counterparts elsewhere.  raku grill is without a doubt the best dining option in las vegas for me.  it's off-strip, but it is SO worth the trek.  i booked a dinner for my brother's bachelor party and it was awesome.  we ate and drank so much, and the bill was still quite reasonable.  i can't remember what we ordered since it's been awhile, but there is a pretty wide assortment with something for everyone.  don't play yourself and give the casinos anymore of your money than you have to!
2	Claustrophobia galore! My boyfriend and I had reservations for his birthday and we were scared of hitting someone with the door! Raku is a small restaurant with tables so close to one another that it's not only  difficult to move around but it is challenging to have an intimate dinner with those you love. The portions and price ratio are somewhat outrageous! (Small, dinky portions and it costs a lot!) Can't say I was too pleased with my time here.In my personal opinion, this place is overrated. My friend had glorified this place like no other and even the yelp ratings confirmed his love for this place. Unfortunately, I can't say the same :(. I expected this place to be so very close to how the yakitori places are in Japan. This place definitely falls short. Despite my disappointment, I must say, I was impressed by the quality and the menu. However, for the price and atmosphere, I don't see this as a worthy place to dine in. We ended up getting a few skewers of meat; I know we got the wagyu beef which definitely stood out, the tofu (the best thing I had on this menu) and grilled tako. No bueno on that grilled tako; I felt as if I was chewing on a rubber chicken that was burnt flavored. Blah! I honestly don't know why this place is highly rated; it's between "good" and "ok" but it isn't "OMG this place is the s**t!"I really tried to love this place. I tried to accept and tried to convince myself that I'm paying for high quality food, but seriously, this place is almost an insult. I had to stop at $85 worth of food because I wasn't sure how much I would need to spend to feel full and satisfied. I'm sad I wasted my hard earned money here and couldn't give my boyfriend an awesome birthday dinner. Vegas needs to step up their game on authentic yakitori places.PS. if you decide you want to go to Raku, I suggest not walking in as you are unlikely to get a table as a walk in. So make sure you try and get a reservation...
5	* Last Meal Worthy *When it comes to fine dining, I typically will only visit a place once in Vegas since with all the high-end restaurants on the strip and local spots, there's plenty to go around but I have dined at Raku on several occasions and will continue to go back.I enjoy the atmosphere, rockstar bathrooms, and the overall simplicity to feature its food.There are plenty reviews describing the menu so I will just list what I believe are the must have's:Sashimi SaladFresh Tofu served Cold and AgadashiKobe Beef Outside Skirt with GarlicKurobuta Pork CheekApple Marinated Lamb ChopButter Sauteed Scallop with Soy SauceCrispy Asparagus OkakiGrilled Rice Balland lots of Beer to wash it down.This place is the sh1t - I always over order because I want to eat everything.My advice is to select a few of the must have's so each person gets an individual item and then for others you want to try, just share so you can try more variety.I can't find a fault with this place....Definitely one of Vegas's best!
4	On our last trip to Vegas, I checked out Yelp and booked at Raku after reading the accolades.  We stayed at the Encore, didn't have a car and love taking public transportation so we took the Spring Mtn bus there and back and it was a breeze.As far as I know, we have only 1 izakaya restaurant in Denver so this sort of dining and restaurant was totally new for us.We ordered many things on the menu and really enjoyed most items.  Since many Yelpers were so passionate about Raku, I printed off some of the highlights and was quite happy with what we ordered.Definitely something to try.
5	a definite dining experience!!!things i absolutely loved:sashimi salad -  loved the salad dressing... and the hint of spiciness!agedashi tofu - super yum... a little fishy with the salmon roe, great texture of their homemade tofu, warm, great broth!juicy deep fried chicken - heavenly!!!  i don't know how they cook this, but it's the most moist deep fried chicken ever!!!  and the fried skin around it just makes everything ridiculously good... and of course the spinach with dressing only adds to the flavor and the experience... definitely my favorite!i also absolutely loved their restroom... the decor creates an ambiance!  everyone must visit the restroom... things that were good:kobe beef w/ garlic - it was good... definite quality!raku's tofu - it's a very interesting texture... it's homemade tofu... at first, it tasted very thick (kinda like whipped cream cheese)... but it is good, especially with bonito flakes, green onions, ginger, & soy sauce!duck w/ balsamic soy sauce - it's different than typical duck.. almost didn't taste like duck.. it was tasty!mushroom w/ bacon - anything w/ bacon is good... need i say more?green apple cocktail - it was good, sweet... almost like green apple martini but couldn't taste the alcoholthings that were interesting:fluffy cheesecake - consistency of whipped cream cheese... kind of good, but my taste palate was confused because it didn't taste quite like cheesecake... it was very smooth, tasted better w/ green tea powder... not sure if i liked it or not... tangerine orange sorbet - it was like shaved iced w/ orange syrup.. it was refreshing and tasty but once again, not what i expected of sorbet... overall, i was very pleased with my dining experience... and i would definitely go back!
4	This isn't your ignorantly assumed fine dining Japanese restaurant. Its a rustic, classic, unpretentious and for the lack of a better word "DANK" Japanese joint. Listen, when you've had Japanese food all your life; and you've had it everywhere from Nagasaki to Osaka, the little corners and cracks in Maui and Oahu, from your Japanese Grandmother's table to your Mother's and even all the Los Angeles trend setting chains like Nobu, then you can make a legitimate argument to why Raku is just all right. Maaaaaaaan, it's a fantastic IZAKAYA spot, tucked away in the heart of Chinatown, its open until 2:00 am, it caters to industry people, the foodies, locals and newbies. The experience they offer you is simultaneously calm and adventurous. They define umami with their unassuming ohitashi and break barriers on simplicity with their konbu seaweed. I didn't even mention the meat and seafood---pork ear, chicken thigh, fried ice fish, kurobuta pork cheek, kobe beef tendon....You can't even compare a Nobu to a Raku. Nobu is Japanese with South American (mainly Peruvian) influences. Its the sh*t, no doubt, but don't be that "dummie"---give Raku a little more credit.4.5
5	Time for an update!  Since my last review I've been to the sake tasting and had the Kaiseki menu. First, the sake tasting.  This happened back in February.  $45 for AYCE Raku food PLUS all the sake and Sapporo you can drink!  All the tables are reorganized for a cocktail-type service.  The food is freshly cooked and is served at the bar buffet style in the front of the restaurant.  Small servings of tofu, various skewers of meat from the Robata grill, asparagus wrapped in bacon, all the good stuff.  The staff just keeps cooking and bringing food out.  It was from 10pm to 2am, which is not the best time for me, but it was worth it!  Not too crowded.  We made a reservation but they accepted walk-ins too.  People come and go as they please so that helps.  The sake servers are really knowledgeable.  I learned a lot.  I really, really hope they do this again but I have not seen another announcement for this since the last one in February.  Such a good deal and so much fun, too!Second, I had the 15-course Kaiseki menu earlier this month.  This is not for the faint of heart or those who are in a hurry.  It's $150 per person and they need at least 3 days notice.  You need to make a reservation and they take your credit card number because they actually start preparing your meal 3 days in advance!  The website says it takes about 3 hours to complete.  Ours took around 3.5 hours.  It was an awesome experience!  The menu changes each time but here are some of the highlights: homemade tofu served with roe, sashimi, foie gras custard, a sampling of their appetizers including deep fried chicken and crispy asparagus, steak and garlic cooked on a really hot stone, and fluffy cheesecake.  I've downloaded pics if you are interested.  Definitely come hungry.  I didn't eat all day.  There is also a $100 10-course menu.This is my favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  Once I get off my stupid diet, I'm going here.
4	I dined at Raku at about 10pm on a Tuesday night and really enjoyed my meal.  The pitcher of beer came with chilled glasses so that's always a plus.The aji sashimi on special was good but I really liked their in house made wasbi and soy sauce.  Very yummy!Next came the fried ebi balls (also a special) and they were like deep fried har gau dumplings.  Light and tasty.Then came the items we ordered from the robata grill - chicken wings, enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon, and kurobota pork cheeks.  I'm a big robata fan so I loved all 3 of these choices.  The wing in particular was very meaty and so tender and flavorful.The best dish of the night was probably the agedashi tofu.  I even drank up all of the broth it came in!The juicy fried chicken was also a winning dish.But I do have deduct 1 star for service.  One of the older ladies wasn't the friendliest and then they also forgot our grilled musubi order.  When we reminded them about it, it came out way too late.
5	I don't use 5 stars, but this place deserves every one of them!Without question the best food for your money you can eat in Las Vegas, assuming you like japanese food (and I don't mean terriyaki beef).I have had nothing there that was not great.  Notables are:Daily SpecialsTofu, both fresh and friedDuck, get like 3 of them.Foie Gras.Pork Cheek.Shishito peppers.My favorite is this cold dish, it's a bowl with egg, roe and uni.  Not sure what it's called, but if they have the uni, it's a treat.Order everything, especially the daily specials. Make reservations or show up late, but not too late as they have essentially two waves of busy. From 7 to 9 and from 11 to 2am. So you can usually drop in around 9 to 10, otherwise you'll want a reservation. I will miss few things about las vegas, this is without question, the top of that list.
5	Ok, there are 260+ reviews with average of about 4.5 star rating, so I don't think there is anything I can add that hasn't been said before.  One word - DELICIOUS.We love Raku so much that we went back the 2nd night for dinner during our short Vegas stay.  I have not been wow'd so much during a single meal.  I love the egg custard, the bacon wrapped tomato (and I don't like tomato usually), the beef tartar... I can go on and on and on and on...One thing I want to note is that the service was excellent.  The servers really took their time to explain the dish and suggest ways to add flavor/sauce to them.  All around, great food, great experience, great service, and love the atmosphere!
5	I've been here countless times, even twice in 1 night because the food was so good. I would suggest making a reservation atleast a few days or weeks in advance. They are only open for dinner, so if you decide last minute call right when they open and I've been able to grab either a late dinner (after 10) or at the bar. They are usualy very busy and packed though, but because of their small size they can't accommodate a large volume.They have their staple foods like wasabi kobe beef, bacon wrapped asparagus, their 1/2 cold 1/2 fried tofu, and of course their daily specials. I always try to get atleast 1 dish off their specials. Be sure to get any of their whole fish whenever it's offered. They serve half of it sashimi style and the pieces literally melt in your mouth. The other half they threw on the grill and it was so moist. I am not a fan of foie gras but I tried some of their egg custard a friend ordered and it was delicious. I don't think I've ever been disappointed with a dish I've ordered from here and I've almost tried everything. I would say the average price is about $30-40 per person unless you include alcohol then it will go up. I'm hoping to hit their 15-course the next time I'm in Vegas and will update if I do.
5	ordered just about all the specials the night we wenthouse made tofu is good!sashimi dishes were super freshi think the best dish of the night was the last to come out, the grilled foie graswow, it was literally melt in your mouth.  I went two weeks ago and i can still taste the foie grasthe fried shrimp ball special was the only average dish of the nighteverything else was top quality.service was as expected for a place so small, no complaints from me here.
5	I loveeee Izikaya style food. I love it like a fat chinese kid at Dim sum. If you like variety in your meals, try this place. you can easily eat 10+ dishes, because they're all served tapas style.Raku has some tasty food. Good sake. And it's open till like 3am, which is a major plus in Vegas.
5	I thought it was unbelievable.  The freshest tuna sashimi special, just made fresh tofu (slayed me), perfectly medium rare kobe beef skewers, seared foie gras (what is not to like), grilled asparagus with bacon (what isn't better with bacon), and the list goes on.   The sake tasting is a great way of accessing the sake menu.  My only quibble is that I'd put a reasonably priced domestic sparkling wine on the list (Roederer Brut, Roederer Brut Rose, Domaine Carneros) because the French ones are off the charts price-wise (delicious choices, but I'm not ordering Dom P), and the domestic choices were not great.  Then again, sake is an excellent choice, and the menu is extensive.
5	It took so many attempts to finally try Raku.  One failed reservation and one failed late night arrival (kitchen closed like 10 mins before I got there), later, I finally got a reservation... for 10pm at night.I was hoping for an early dinner time to party after but honestly, I had to try Raku and was not disappointed at all.Every dish ordered was amazing but there is a list of must-try items:1. Half n Half order of the amazing Agedashi Tofu and Cold House Made Tofu.  The Agedashi broth was delicious and the tofu had the perfect fried coating.  The star of this dish was the Cold Tofu.  The texture was like panna cotta and melted in your mouth.  Combined with the delicious sauces and spice blends on the table... a party in the mouth.2. Steamed Foie Gras Egg Custard.  Honestly it may sound a little off putting or an interesting dish, but HOLY CRAP.  This is a rich dish and not for the faint of heart, but the richness and sweetness of the egg custard combined with the salty flavor of the foie gras was divine.3. Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic.  Kobe is always good and combined with the crispy garlic slice made for a great spicy/rich and crunchy/tender balance of flavor and texture.4. Enoki Mushroom Wrapped Bacon.  Take one part bacon and one part mushroom and you have such a delicious dish.  The enoki provides a surprising crunch and the bacon fat singsssssss.  This is a deceptively complex dish exploding with flavor.5. Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce.  The sauce on this dish is lick-the-plate good.  What else is there to know?My only wish is I had multiple stomachs like a cow to consume the entire menu.
5	Never did I think that the words "tofu" and "mouthwatering" would ever be used in the same sentence. Although I've had different versions of Japanese food before, Raku takes the prize hands down. Hidden in a strip mall way away from all the casinos and bright lights, Raku prefers to keep it understated. The restaurant only has about 10-12 tables along with a small room for groups near the back. I'd suggest calling ahead for a reservation, but since they stay open so late (someone tells me 3 a.m.?), chances are you'll be seated eventually. If you've never had traditional Japanese food before, the menu is pretty overwhelming. I was lucky enough to dine here with a local and he did all of the ordering. Good thing, too, because I had no idea where to start. We definitely had the tofu (get it! so good!) and a myriad of small plates, including scallops and salmon- two fish that I normally turn my nose up at, but were SO good! These chefs know their sauces. That's all I have to say about that...Go here with someone (or a few someones) that you really like, order yourselves a ton of food and plan on "oohing" and "aahing" the entire time.
2	I just left Raku, and boy am I pissed. I just spent $30 on HALF A FISH! Yes, that's right, half a fish. I ordered off the nightly special menu and grilled mackerel sounded tasty, so I thought why not? It never occurred to me that I had just racked up a monstrous bill with a single fish so imagine my surprise when my bill topped $50 for less than a bellyful. Now I know Raku isn't budget food and I didn't ask the price before ordering, but damn, $30 for half a fish? WTF? I have no quibbles about the quality of the food, and if you stick to the regular menu, it's only moderately expensive, but it will be a long time before I drop my hard-earned money at Raku again. I'm sure they'll do just fine without me, and the feeling's mutual.
5	Raku was an oasis from the Strip. From the gentle ambiance to the simple unadorned menu, Raku helped strike a balance with what would have been a frenzied trip of bad hotels and even worse restaurants. We sat at the bar and let our waitress take the lead ordering for us after we gave her an idea of our mood. With one-bites on skewers and translucent fresh fish nibbles, the dishes ran the gamut from off the grill to never seen a flame. The saki list, which was practically a tome, also afforded us several options for an evening beverage. Menu highlights included a friend chicken on a bed of spinach slightly reminiscent of its Southern cousin but lighter, and a little healthier with the addition of greens; any of the sashimi(the waiter will let you know what's just arrived), and finally, dessert. Green tea creme brulee anyone? An ingenious homage to the classic French dessert with a Japanese twist that resulted in a light flavor with a smooth creamy texture, and finished with a thin crisp of burnt sugar.Our friends at the table near to us said they left starving, but I'm convinced they lacked a good guide to this menu. So don't hesitate to ask many questions and communicate with your waiter. It's worth it.
5	I don't give five star reviews lightly. In fact, I kind of don't even want to write this review because more people will start going here and it will get even harder to get a reservation. But here we go:This place is magic.I know what you're thinking: "I don't believe in magic" except you will after you visit Raku. Imagine homemade tofu that tastes like clouds and childhood, sitting in a warm broth and topped with wisps of dashi and irreverent bursts of roe with just the tiniest little swirl of sweet chili paste. I would happily eat their age dashi weekly if I could, perhaps even daily. The kurubata menu is filled with lots of little taste teasers -- I especially loved the butter poached scallops and the fried chicken. Similarly, Raku's specials are amazing: our last visit, we were treated to flying fish two ways, as sashimi and also deep-fried in a broth. The fried preparation was fantastic, but the sashimi was paper thin and so fresh and delicate that it was almost like eating fruit slices rather than fish. I just might be ruined for other sashimi for life, always thinking about what could have been.This is what I'm saying. Magic.The best part of Raku is the price: a similar meal on the strip would be hundreds of dollars, but two people can eat extremely well at Raku for under a hundred dollars, including drinks. One caveat: make a reservation, as this is a tiny place, and it's very unlikely that you could walk in and get a table.
3	Dropped in at 11:30PM on a Friday night. Only two tables were occupied, so we were able to get a table pretty easily even though there was still a 15 minute wait.We ordered the following:Chicken with skin - moist, and flavorfulsalmon - excellentfoie grais - not a fan of foie grais in general, so I didn't particularly like this dish (it was my first time trying it)pork cheek - sweet, tender, and oh so goodService is veeeerrryy sloooooow. Why?! I had no clue. The place wasn't even packed. The food, when it finally came out (one by one), was cooked to absolute perfection which sort of made up for the incredibly long wait.Make sure to order enough because each order is a 2-3 bite dish.  We ended up going to the Jack in the Box right next door to order some more food. I don't think I'll go out of my way to try this place again. Once is enough...
3	This Japanese robata is consider to be on of the top restaurants in Las Vegas.  There are relatively few tables and a small counter with chairs so we secured advance reservations several days prior to our departure for Las Vegas.  We started off with bacon wrapped asparagus ($2.80, 3 Forks) which was tasty, but too stringy, Kobe beef skirt steak with garlic ($7.50, 4 Forks) and cucumber with 3 types of seaweed salad ($5, 3 Forks).  Our next order included grilled rice balls which proved to a real yawner ($5, 2Forks), juicy fried chicken ($9, 4.5 Forks) and a very micro sized piece of yellowtail with soy sauce ($5, 3 Forks). Although the entire meal was good, nothing stood out as memorable and I felt the price points were too high.
4	I just happened to be invited to fourth meal at a late hour and jumped at a chance to finally try Raku for the first time. I heard it's really popular and always packed at earlier times. Calling ahead for a reservation is highly recommended. In general, the food is great but the ambience seemed a bit dreary to me. Maybe because it was midnight and the servers seem tired and the place is a bit lacking in energy. At least, they had that cool little aquarium in one of the bathrooms.Now, back to the food. The presentation of our sashimi platter was great and the fish seemed at its freshest. It had salmon, roe, tuna, kanpachi and toro in the middle. The kobe beef tataki was excellent. The lambchops from the robatayaki menu were not gamey at all. Instead you get a sweet smokey flavor. If you don't like lamb, this might change your mind.I managed to squeeze in desserts. Thank you hollow leg! The green tea creme brulee was yummy, as expected. The surprise was their fluffy cheesecake. It's almost the consistency of foam on top of a paper thin cake. The lightest cheesecake ever.When I return, I plan on going down the robatayaki list. Robatayaki quick definition: japanese grilled foods.
5	I read a lot of reviews and knew this was a place to visit.  We first tried to visit it last Saturday right when they opened at 6pm.  "No reservation??  Sorry -- no openings until after midnight!"  Wow.  I guess that makes sense since there are only about 10 tables in the entire joint.  I felt like a rejected girlfriend.  I needed to get in now.  But with two kids -- what are the chances that my babysitter and an opening at Raku align!??!  Low and behold -- it was tonight.   We made a reservation for 8:30pm after a networking event.  They were booked up but gave us the counter over the phone.  We arrived 30 minutes early hoping we could work our way in.  They sent us to the "bar" first.  The bar is just that -- a walnut, natural wood bar.  But there was no bartender or booze there.  You just wait until it's time while propping your elbow up on the walnut.  Luckily, we didn't wait long (otherwise, the non-bar "bar" would have made me mad!).  Plus, we were seated at a REAL table (not the counter).  Usually, I would prefer the counter (a la sushi bar) but this one was just a counter without action to watch.  I think the only main advantage to the counter is to socialize with other diners (which I might add all seem to be really cool, smart people -- a rare find for so many in one location in Vegas!).We didn't know what to order but took a few recommendations from other YELP reviews.  I can't remember the intricate names of each -- but here's my layman's descriptions of our highlights:-hot asparagus with crunchy coating (my favorite thing EVER.  Economical and AWESOME).-Blue Fin sashimi ( a pricey special at $25 - but some of the best sashimi I've ever had)-Agedashi Tofu (it really is an amazing, almost dessert-like treat in a savory broth)-Yellowtail skewers.  I usually think it is a shame to cook yellowtail - but I didn't feel that way this time around.-Butter scallop - it was okay, but not as special as the other items.-Green tea creme brulee.  THE BOMB.  A great finish to the evening.I thought all of these reviews were hype - I'm happy to say I was wrong.  Every moment I spent dining at Raku has made me a better person.  I will talk about this experience nonstop to my peers.  If you like Japanese food, you NEED to go here to make yourself a better person.
4	Who would think a spoon fight could break out over tofu? Try it. Unless you really know your Sake stick to beer or the bill gets expensive.Best tip, avoid surprises ask the price of the specials, I spent as much as I would at Nobu but enjoyed it more.
4	Raku needs some kind of Haiku to pay it due Sake-Soaked Homage, but it certainly should not be written by me, as my windchimes tend toward longwindedness and not short form.Whoever writes this Raku Haiku, should include the following sublime elements; Charcoal imported from Japan, home made tofu, and tempura asparagus.
1	If I could go negative stars. I WOULD.  This place sucks.  Don't waste your or money.   STAY AWAY.  All the reviews must be family and friends because even the signature tofu dish SUCKEDSERVICE WAS BAD.. PLACE WAS SMALL.. ohh.. did i mentioned the FOOD SUCKED!!
5	WOW !!!I can't believe this place. This was in the Top 5 meals of my life. Service was mediocre at best...but this time the food makes up for it ten fold.As a chef, I always try and search for the best food in any city. This time, I found it. I want to drive back to Vegas just for a day to eat here, no joke!Here's what we ordered:Soft Boiled Egg - perfectly creamyAgedashi Tofu - Yum.Crispy Chicken - Holy Sh*t !!Foie Gras - Don't bother me, I'm eating !!!Foie Gras Custard - Topped with sliced duck?? Are you F-ing with me ?!!?!??! Amazing..Pork Cheek - porktasticPork Belly - mmm......fatty porklicious...Pork Ear - nom nom nom all for $65I recommended this place to my cousin, here's what he text me after his meal:" The melting chocolate cake made me take my clothes off"Well stated....btw...make a reservation...we got lucky to sit at the counter.
5	So glad we trusted the reviews and came here! Such a find!A cute little place with lovely service. We ordered the fresh tofu (out of this world, a must order), the crispy fried chicken (so good), sashimi, whole black snapper, pork intestine, pork ear (yum!), poached egg with sea urchin (this was really great). And the sake recommendation was delightful. A fantastic experience!!
5	If you get to Vegas , This is the place to have quality authentic  Japanese  food. I was there last week, the tofu is great and the specials are great standouts. If you've  ever been  to Tokyo  it will bring you back there with its unique  flavors and taste.One thing for sure, make reservations the place is small.
5	Raku is a unique Japanese restaurant in Vegas. Food is innovative and Raku certainly backs up that claim with quality and flair. We ordered 15 dishes but the ones that really stood out for me were the fried agedashi tofu and the poached egg in green tea soba as well as the one with sea urchin and salmon roe. I'm sucker for eggs but the poached egg here at Raku is simply amazing. There's a consistency and perfection found in their foods and it's no surprise why many found this hidden gem a nice oasis from all the hustle & bustle restaurants on the Strip.
4	I FINALLY got a chance to try this place that my friends keep raving about. Went here for a girls' night and was warned that we would forfeit our reservation if we were 15 mins late. I knew they meant business. Once I walked in, I understood why they were so strict about reservations. The restaurant is small and unassuming. Most people would never notice it since it's in the corner of a small shopping center in Chinatown.I can't even remember the names of most of the food that I tried but I assure you that everything was SUPERB. I am not a fan of tofu at all but the agedashi tofu is to die for. The yummy miso soup was the best miso soup I've ever had. The servings are definitely small and meant for 1-2 people at most but you can just taste the quality in every dish. The only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the service was extremely slow. I am usually a patient person and rarely complain to servers but I had to check on my orders twice because it was almost an hour and my food hasn't arrived yet. Raku is definitely 5 star dining that is more affordable than most Strip restaurants. Reservations are highly recommended and set aside at least 2-3 hours for your meal.
5	Wow!!  Talk about Japanese Tapas!!  Went to this place after trying to go to Ichiza and it was closed due to a health inspection fail...??Anyways...what a great place to bring a date if you are both foodies.  The ambiance was calm and soothing.  The quality of food was just great!  Every dish we ordered was off the hook!- Agadashi Tofu (Half cold, half cooked)- Foie Gras - Wow!!  Must try...one of thee best foie I have ever had- Foie Gras Custard - Just amazing!- Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe - the flavors exploded in my pallet!  - Kobe Beef Liver Sashimi - melts in my mouth- Oyster Special - Fresh and yummy- Kobe Beef Fillet with Wasabi- Japanese Shishito Pepper- MushroomA must try and I will be back...
5	A favorite with local Vegas chefs and celebrity foodies both for the extended hours (open 'til 3, and as an aside, I was offered a reservation when I called of 1:30, so apparently they aren't kidding around about catering to the kitchens and bars as they close) and the clean, simply adorned flavors.Long-braised pork belly appetizer with a bit of freshly mixed hot mustard. Served in the cooking liquid, and it was heavenly. The fat was barely solid, and melted into a sauce the moment my tongue disturbed it.Skewers, priced from $2 to $16. Many less expensive are great, including the very simple asparagus skewer with a very understated, slightly sweet sauce. Bacon-wrapped inoki mushrooms are not only filled with umami from the fungus, but also impossibly pretty. Kurobuta pork cheek was sweet, lean, and had a deep pork taste. If forced to choose a dish among the regular favorites, that's the one.Oden broth with small bites. Fried fish cake and stuffed leaf of napa cabbage.Flights of imported sake and biru, but no drinkers in our group. It appeared that they were doing brisk business on both. Very reasonable, $45 nicely fed three of us.
5	We went here for my boyfriend's birthday, and it was a lovely experience. Everything is cooked/prepared perfectly. The ingredients are fresh and tasty. The ambiance and design are classy and comfortable. For one of the more "expensive" restaurants it's decently priced.My favorite part of the meal was actually the cheapest dish we ordered: the yellowtail carpaccio.
4	Came here with my family again and my wife's out of town relatives.  There were 10 of us all together and Raku advised they would do a prefix menu for a party this size ($50 per person), so that they can have some food prepared and that the food would flow better to each person, instead of waiting for each individual order to cook.  We did request some things to be included in the prefix menu, kobe beef skirt steak, duck, and the crunchy asparagus.  I gotta say this trip was better than last.  We had over 10 dishes each.  The pork cheeks and skirt steak were awesome, though I recommend dipping it in the sauce it comes with for extra flavor.  All in all, every dish that came out was good.  Still wish they had quail eggs wrapped in bacon.  =)
5	As a Japanese-born foodie, I would highly recommend this restaurant. This was my first time going, and I would definitely go back again. Service is so-so, but I think we went at a fairly busy time, and reservations are highly recommended. Plan on spending a fair amount of time, and don't be too concerned if the service is a little slow. I would rather spend time and enjoy the food anyway. Have the agedashi tofu, asparagus bacon, buttered scallops, beef tataki, enoki bacon, deep fried chicken (boneless), even the miso soup was great too with nameko.
5	THIS PLACE IS SO JIZZALICIOUS, I CAN"T STOP having those RE-Jizz episodes when I think about it. It's almost like...HOW OH HOW CAN FOOD BE SOOO DAMN GOOD?Kurobuta pork cheek-  7 starAgedashi Tofu-  5 star (Not the typical kind from Tokyo. IT's AMAZING stuff).Greentea soba noodles- 4 starGrilled rice ball in broth w/ sour plum - 2 star (personally have had better)Kobe Beef Liver - 4 star (only cuz i've had better)Kamameshi -  2.5 starCold green tea soba w/ poached egg -  4 star (refreshing, and egg makes it so yummy)I"m def going back and ordering 10 kurobuta cheeks and just grub it with agedashi tofu. SO JIZZTASTIC.
5	Just came here the other day, the food was amazing!  It's a must when your in town!
4	i am pretty picky when it comes to Japanese food (VERY picky). I even gave Morimoto a 2star or was it one...amnesia). But this place, Raku...oh wow! Pure ecstasy...Probabaly ordered 15 items out of 25 and EVERYthing was superb. One particular item: Uni soup, that itself was the highlight of my first evening that wknd. The tofu...so simple yet heaven, i don't even like ginger but pairing with their homemade tofu and green onions, OMY...pallete re-organizing. Ordered all types of balls/liver/hearts on a stick and boy did they deliver a symphony in my tummy.Just get off the strip for a split second to this gem...no doubt the best tapas in town!
5	My wife and I ate here the day after going to the three Michelin star restaurant Joel Robuchon (chef of the century and what not). This is the dinner I crave for every time I think of Las Vegas, and it was 1/15th the cost.
5	My wife's friend raved about this place, so I had to check it out during my most recent business trip to Vegas. Having lived in Japan, I set the bar for Japanese cuisine pretty high. Raku met and surpassed all of my expectations.The restaurant is extremely small - book reservations well in advance or you have no shot getting in as a walk-in. The Japanese staff was very courteous and seated me at the sushi bar. The clientele was colorful to say the least - I was sandwiched between a Raku fanatic from the east coast and an Asian girl in a formal white dress who was simply off the hook.After you're seated, the waitress will bring over a chalkboard with the specials of the day. They're all fresh and worth the money. Fresh fish and meat dishes for the most part.Tofu is the specialty of the house, and Raku's adedashi tofu is without equal. It comes in a spicy broth with fresh mushrooms, seaweed and salmon eggs on top.As side dishes I had the crispy asparagus okaki, kurobuta pork cheek, sauteed butter scallop and the kobe beef skirt steak with crispy garlic. They were all fantastic, and I wrapped up the meal with the green tea creme brulee, which was to die for.Watching the chefs work is one of the charms of Raku. Right before your eyes, they do everything from slicing fresh sashimi to ladeling out bowls of piping hot oden. What's more you can tell they're totally passionate about the cuisine.Raku is a real Vegas gem, and it's a good cab ride away from the strip. It's worth it.
5	Really good authentic Japanese food. At least the chefs are Japanese. All the food I tried so far was good. One of them was the beef tataki. Amazing, words can't even describe. I would go eat there more often if the price wasn't so high. Kinda like tapas where everything is in small portion so the price adds up. Still, good quality food, clean, restaurant is small so reservation is highly recommended.
5	STUNNING. Easily the best Japanese in the city. Service, atmosphere, menu, and preparation all 10 out of 10. Pretentiousness/glam factor: 1 or 2 out of 10. Sake menu diverse, competent, and not insultingly priced-- a rarity. Agedashi tofu is mind blowing. Crispy fried shrimp excellent. Fois Gras custard and noddle number is one of the best things I've had in years. YEARS! Soft boiled egg was different and expertly prepared. Finished it off with Lychee sorbet and 2 Asahi drafts along the way. Perfection and excellence. Quality here made me ignore the final bill. 100% satisfaction.
5	I visited the restaurant late at night . I tried almost everything and I have got to admit everything was delicious
5	O Raku how I love you! I walked in without reservations on a Wednesday night and was fortunate to get placed at the counter. I started off with a glass of Riesling from Germany which was yummy. The male chef behind the counter begin my meal with a mushroom & spinach topped with slivers of fried onion cold appetizer that was off the chart! I followed that with Yellow Tail glazed sauce miso, Kobe beef skirt with garlic, flamed eggplant, Kurobuta pork cheek, Rice balls and dessert of green tea creme brulee. Words can't express how memorable this meal was. The flavors of the grilled items are so uniquely delish. Even the rice balls were yummy - rice will never taste the same after tasting the white and brown color rice balls from Raku. The green tea ice cream on top of the green tea brulee sealed a great meal and was perfect tasting. If you haven't tried Raku. Make reservations - you won't be disappointed and the prices are fair compared to the high prices on the strip.
5	Drove here just to eat dinner. What other idiot would drive almost 4 hours for dinner then turn around and drive home? This one.
5	THIS PLACE IS BOMB! BOMB! BOMB! BOMB! BOMBBBBBBB!!!!!Did I ever tell you this place was bomb?? If I didn't... THIS PLACE IS BOMB!Ok.. I don't really remember everything that we got... But don't worry.. I'm going to try my best to remember.My favorite item was the fried chicken item. It was sooo good!! We also got the salmon, salmon and rice, sashimi salad, tomato on a stick, octopus, andddd... I can't remember the rest. If you happen to get those items, then your mouth is in for a treat for sure! The beer was good. It got me buzzing real quick. lolService: Really attentive. When they see that your cup is empty or almost empty they automatically fill it up. When they see a dish is already done, they'll clean it up right away.Will I be back?? Probably. But maybe only once a year. This place can be pretty pricey. haha
5	Two of us came here because of the outstanding yelp reviews and this place did not disappoint.So much cheaper than dining on the strip.  It's in Chinatown - about a $15 cab ride from LV Blvd (including tip).  Not to mention the food is way better than any Japanese food I ever ate on the strip -- or in my LIFE.Staff was so pleasant and helpful.  We wanted to get our sake on and they came out with 3 different kinds of sake for us to sample before we decided on a bottle.  I forget the name - something with "blossom" in the name (should have been called AWESOME blossom), but it was hands down the best sake I've ever had in my life.You can pretty much close your eyes and point to anything on the menu and it'll be good, which is more or less what we did.  We selected 3 items from the specials board.  I don't know the actual names but one was a yellowtail-like sashimi, abalone, and a kobe beef dish.  Then we selected two skewers - garlic scallops and pork cheek.  I loved everything and I generally don't even eat pork.  Every single plate was licked clean (seriously, we ate all the condiments and garnishes too which the staff giggled at).  Flavors were unique and ingredients were fresh.  You could even tell the difference in the Wasabi which was real Wasabi - not just some horseradish rubbish dyed green.We left with happy bellies (not food coma) and a nice buzz so we were able to head back to the strip and hit duh club without feeling like we needed to be wheel-barreled in.
5	Delicious food, great ambiance and service. Their yellowtail carpaccio was sooo delicious. I liked their cold tofu slightly more than their agedashi. They had their own special sauces for the tofu, and the waitress explained everything. Went at 1 AM too. Their special, grilled sea bass, was also yummy. And their dessert, green tea creme brulee with green tea ice cream - scrumptious. Green tea soba was a perfect end to the meal (before the dessert).
5	This is a very nice and classy place.To my amazement.They didn't even blink an eye when walked in with our plastic guitars filled with super gross margarita mix. Tofu was great, but our favorite was the salmon roe, uni and poached egg dish.  Surf and Surf and Turf, but with EGGS!! the texture is a little slimy so be warned if your have one of those picky eaters in the group.I am a big fan.
5	What can say about this place that haven't been already said.  We order a lot of dishes but the ones that will stick in our minds are the:- Kobe fillet with wasabi - Pork Belly- Blue fin tuna- Kobe beef Tataki - Sweet sake- OysterWill definitely come back.  Nice atmosphere and good service.
3	Honestly I was not so impressed and will not go back.The dishes we liked were great but out of the 12 dishes we ordered, we only liked 4.  Our favorites were the sushi salad with special sauce, homemade agedashi  tofu which was great and the poached egg with uni and salmon roe...I couldn't even finish the fois gras steam egg custard...The taste was too heavy and not delicate like the typical steam egg...We had the fluffy Cheesecake which was the highlight of the meal and that says alot since cheese cake shouldn't really be the highlight for a japanese restaurant
5	A really terrific Vegas spot off the beaten path. The variety of tofu dishes were really exceptional, and the seating is perfect for a small group. If you want to get off the strip, I really recommend it.
4	If you haven't spoken to someone who has dined here, you won't know about this place. Its tiny and located in a very run-down unassuming strip mall on Spring Mountain. You would never guess that such delicious and fine Japanese cuisine comes out of this place!I've eaten here a few times and I will continue to return. The style of their dishes is similar to izakaya. Lots of small dishes and be sure to order some sake cocktails. The waitress will bring over a specials board which is changed quite frequently. I will tell you that the most delicious items I've eaten have been off this menu. But BEWARE: this board will draw you in but most if not all items are upwards of $20 close to $30.You can't order a bad thing on the menu. However, there is so much variety. If you're not familiar with Japanese dining, you might be a bit intimidated. The waitresses are very sweet. At times it might be difficult to communicate through their Japanese accents but they're always delighted to answer any questions.Happy Eating! And be sure to make a reservation or you'll never get to try this place. It gets packed quick.
2	I don't get it.  It's fine for what it is and the price is decent as well, but nothing stood out.  We ordered around 15 dishes and they were all just...fine.  One thing that was bothersome was that I ordered the Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe....I did not realize it also came with a golf ball sized amount of grated mountain yam.  Right when the waitress set it down I asked her if that was mountain yam...she said "yes"  and I said "Oh no, I'm allergic to mountain yam!"   She didn't seem to care and walked away.  Now if the description mention mountain yam, I would not have ordered this dish...but it didn't.  I know it's not right for me to expect that they would just take the dish back, but I did hope that they would have the decency to do so. We left it pretty much untouched and when she came to pick up the dish, not a word was uttered.  =/I think part of my disappointment came from expectations that were just too high.  I think I'll just stick with Lotus of Siam if I'm going to eat off the strip!
4	It's a love hate relationship... Love the food, love the atmosphere, hate the wait, hate the seating arrangements.. Hate the set menu for bigger groups... The service is good and bad as well... They never answer the phone! Bad and awesome... If only it could just be all good...but it's sadly not...
3	I came here on a Tuesday night, made reservations beforehand for 10pm and still had to wait a good 20-25 minutes. The service here was extremely slow, which made the dining experience sour. The food, however, was good. Location of the restaurant is in a regular shopping plaza, nothing special or fancy. Indoors, the restaurant looks cramped.I had the Raku agedashi tofu (hot), which was delicious.Sea Urchin soup, yum! Kobe beef outside skirt: small portion, too much garlicChicken breast steak, tender but nothing specialTomato with bacon: more like mini-tomatoes wrapped with mini-bacon strips$55 for two people, not bad but not great either
5	"Raku Haiku"roasted iced green teayum fatty deliciousnesssolo at raku"Ode to Fatty Deliciousness and Overindulgence"My return to Raku took almost 2 years, but it came when I debated going to restaurant week anywhere, trying Central at Caesars where I was before this, or getting back here finally.  The calling came to me after I saw Central's menu and was bored by it.  I drove over and had a bit of an odd time getting a spot at the bar which had 3 empty seats due to a reservation people had later in the night.  Finally after standing for awhile, I got seated at the bar.  In the mean time, Chef Hiro-San came out from the kitchen to say hello - it had been so long but he remembered me again.  I knew I was in good hands on the grill!  The chef behind the counter gave me a free starter salad with shiitakes, bonito flake, and what appeared to be Chinese celery or fennel.  I hate celery and it tasted neutral so it probably was fennel :)I ordered off the specials first (without seeing any prices, woops!) - first, kinae dai sashimi = golden snapper...with house-made pickled ginger shreds.  It was beautifully bright red and tasty, but definitely a lean fish and ironically the most expensive thing I ordered (when I saw the bill later).  It was my only non-fatty item and so great that I tried it as it was fresh that day, but I liked everything else better.Next came the kushiage tofu special, a new dish.  It is a lightly fried tofu topped with uni and a dashi broth.  When it was presented to me, I was told to stir everything together.  This totally is a dish for me since I love tofu, I love agedashi tofu, and I love uni.  Made for me!Thirdly, my favorite dish of the night - I told my waiter (also from The Ka days) that I love fatty fish and he told me they had salmon belly.  I said okay, but how I love hamachi!  He checked and lo and behold, ONE hamachi belly left!  He hooked it up BIGTIME!  Grilled hamachi belly with crispy skin topped with green onion, shredded daikon on the side, and ponzu dipping sauce (I added togarashi to it mmm!) - This was so OFF THE HOOK that I almost exclaimed that out loud!  Fatty, crispy, soft, salty, citrus-y....need I say more?  I would do this again and again!After all of that, I opted for the foie gras don - I didn't even notice the back of the main menu until that and I knew I was rich-dish-mish accomplished (rhyme fo sho) so I was done.  I got a rich glazed serving of foie atop rice and shredded lettuce.  Lettuce was a bit odd but I ate up everything because the sauce seeped into the rice.  In the end I was given a cup of hot roasted green tea.No joke, total indulgence.  But totally worth it.  If I can get back here and not go bankrupt, it will be kushiage tofu and hamachi belly should they have it.  Ooooh-mami!
5	Not sure where to begin with this one.  There were 10 of us and my wife recommended this based on experience from folks who live in Tokyo.  This was outstanding.  I have to say better than any place in helLA.  No joke.They had a fixed menu for parties over 8.  But, they dont tell you what is on the menu.  It's the chef(s) decision.  OMFG, everyone was so happy.  Even the vegetarians.11+ courses.
5	Wow. For my husband's birthday we enjoyed a self selected 21 item dinner for $130. It was amazing. First we started with a Saki sampler - who knew Saki came in more flavors that green apple?!? After the saki we very delicious items to include crispy fried chicken, grilled duck breast, daikon, grilled tomato and asparagus, pork cheek, lamb chop... Omg, the list goes on and ends with a great chocolate lava cake! Awesome waiter, Andrew, and friendly staff.
5	Absolutely hands down one of the most decadent dinners you can have in Las Vegas. Every dish was masterfully crafted and presented in it's own unique way, so much so, that each course itself became an experience of it's own! My taste buds danced the entire night away through 13 unbelievable courses! Mitsuo Endo, owner and chef, is doing so many things right in his restaurant that anyone in the world trying it for the first time would instantly find it amongst their all-time favorites! My only regret is I wish I knew about this place years ago! It's truly a hidden gem off the strip that you must not miss! If you live in Vegas, if you visit Vegas, Raku is one dining experience you must check off your epicurean culinary list!
5	When you start off knowing that all the major players eat here, you know you're in for a meal of a lifetime. Not only does Raku serve beautifully executed food, it's a bargain at 10+ courses for only $50pp. The icing on the cake is knowing that you may run into Joel Robuchon, Guy Savoy, or even Mario Batali in his orange Crocs. Raku is the only place that has managed to "wow" me even more on the second visit as compared to the first. And that's not discounting the first meal because that was exquisite in and of itself. However on the second visit, Raku was able to re-invent itself and offer even more delectables and a considerably different tasting menu that wowed my palate even more.The restaurant is unassuming, located in a strip mall in Chinatown. The decor is minimal with two bathrooms with serious personality. The service is unfussy but genuine and you can tell that they take great care in plating and execution without taking it too seriously. The flavors are clean and emphasis is on using only the best ingredients. All of the components of each dish are well thought out and serve a purpose. The results are nothing short of amazing.My favorites are as follows:*Agedashi tofu - homemade tofu melts in your mouth and the broth is heavenly, literally out of this world!*Juicy Deep Fried Chicken - amazingly juicy chicken wrapped in deep fried chicken skin...need i say more...*Crispy Asparagus Okaki - the crispy fry on the outside of the asparagus adds the perfect crunch and toasted rice flavor to add incredible depth. Add some green tea salt to bring out the flavors even more*Dried Tatmi Sardine Salad - ceasar salad kicked up a notch, great briny and cheesy flavor*Kurobuta Pork Cheek Robata - juicy and great grill flavor from the robata*Fried Ice Fish - beautifully fried fish served whole with fish nuggets in again, heavenly broth*Enoki Mushroom Wrapped in Bacon Robata - it's wrapped with bacon...need i say more*Yellowtail Carpaccio - sashimi was incredibly fresh*Grape Tomatoes Robata - so simple but simply delicious...add the green tea salt and you're going to be impressed and want to try to make it at home*Salmon Ikura Don - beautifully presented and then served into individual portions. The ikura pops in your mouth to bring the taste of the ocean to the salmon rice.*Udon Noodle with Foie Gras Egg Custard Soup - the broth as well as the noodles were amazing*Eel Don with Gobo - again, served with heavenly broth. The gobo added great depth by bringing a bit of earthy bitterness to balance the salty and sweet.*Crispy Fried Shrimp - fried little shrimpies, delicious.. *Sorbet of the Season - so simple, a strawberry sorbet with condensed milk. The combination makes the sorbet take on a creamy texture and the fruit flavor packs a good punch to end the meal. The kiwi one was delicious as well The things I would forgo to save room for the things above:Chicken Thigh RobataChicken Breast wrapped with Chicken Skin RobataKobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic RobataTofu Salad "Caprese" with seaweed, tomatoes, and dried fishies
4	Dupont Circle Raku. Excellent pumpkin ginger soup, velvety with hint of sage and fried crispy ginger strings on top. 16 hr pork belly was delish too.
4	I have only two words to share with you in this first sentence and that is - Robotayaki and Reservations. The two "R"s.....This is a Robotayaki style restaurant more than a sushi restaurant, so please understand that first.  If you do, then you will have an awesome time.You can google robotayaki style, it is essentially grilled meats, fish, vegetables and etc.  If you have had yakitori, or gyoza, it is this type of food x 10!!!1  Parking - No problem,  you are in a strip mall near the northwest corner of Decatur and Flamingo.2.  Ambiance - Outside, odd, as the strip mall seems, well , just out of place.  Inside, what a jewel, small, intimate and classy in a Japanese "inn" type of style. I would say traditional.3.  Bathrooms - Please come here with a full bladder. I normally do not review bathrooms, but both of them are really cool.  One has a fishtank and bidet type japanese autobot toilet seat, and the other has a zen like tree setting. Very cool and different than your normal tiled utilitarian restrooms.4.  Food - Wow, as a fan of Robotayaki in San Francisco and in Tokyo, I was happy to find another robotayaki here in Vegas and one that is really awesome!  I cannot recall all the names of the food on the menu, but you can know that you will be ordering meat, fish, vegetables, tofu, soups and noodles that are exquisitely flavored and all of it is edible, tasty and not outside the comfort zone if you are not into eating everything and anything.5.  Service - The service is outstanding. i was with guests and also one person from Paris, the server took the time to explain everything, to give us ideas when confused or not sure about which to order, and even told us when she felt we had enough to start. It was a great experience.This is a wonderful place, and I would recommend you make RESERVATIONS.  You call, they tell you when to eat, you show up, and you enjoy.GK says check this place out for sure.
4	Raku is a fun night out for the foodie adventurer.  Not for the boring or faint of palette.  Their menu will excite and entice you with mythical Japanese treasures.Three of us dined last night.  We had a pitcher of beer, 1 sake tasting, lots of food, dessert, and the damage was $220.  Yowsa!My favorites were the Amber jack sashimi (baby yellowtail), Raku tofu (served chilled), chicken stuffed portabella robata grill skewer, and the crispy asparagus.  The presentations are lovely!  The sashimi was superb slices of mild fish that coated your palette like butter of the sea.The service is knowledgeable and friendly.  The aura of exclusivity is thick.  You need a reservation to dine is this tiny gem.  Raku has room for improvement.  They could be more inviting and helpful on the phone.  Furthermore, the phone ringing incessantly off the hook through your entire fine dining experience is quite annoying.  The bacon on the bacon wrapped mushrooms was borderline raw; lacked the crispy goodness I hoped for.  Many items were underseasoned and borderline bland.  And the value is still questionable in my book.  Try this place for a cool dining experience but be prepared to spend at least $60 - $75 a person for it.
1	My bf n I were excited to eat here based on the reviews,but it was surprisingly BAD..!!! Ichiza which is just down the street,does this type of food soOoo much better,and without the fine dinning pretentious.don t waste your Money!!!
5	Finally had the opportunity to bust my Raku cherry with three friends visiting from out of town, and when you have a group of folks walk in with no appetite from a heavy late lunch and still managed to complete a meal with their taste buds completely blown away, it is clearly a sign of just pure amazing food.  We had a taste of a few items from each section (appetizers, robata grill, and noodles/rice/soups), and can hardly wait to return for more.  I was so inspired that I composed a Raku Haiku for each of our selections:"Sashimi Salad"Fresh slice of the seaDeep-fried onions paired with greensPerfect start to meal"Agedashi Tofu"House made soybean dreamAmazing broth, chili, roeTen dollars well spent"Apple Marinated Lamb Chop"Succulent two chopsAromatically juicyNo shame to gnaw bone"Soboro Don- Seasoned Ground Chicken"Quail yolk atop riceMix ingredients and shareComfort food at its best"Grilled rice ball"Two nuggets of artFragrant mint countervailed with crunchComplements all meats"Asparagus"Crispy rice coatingPerfect balance in textureVeggie laced with crack"Kobe beef skirt steak"Ribeye pales to youWhere have you been all my life?Melt in your mouth joy"Pork Cheek"Bacon's lost cousinI feel guilty eating this...Yet I cannot stop
5	Visited vegas and my friend insisted we eat here.Hands down, the Best Japanese food I have had in the US.We did not go with the tasting menu but did choose a lot from the daily specials.The fish specials, they will sashimi have the fish and you can grill or fry the remaining. If you like sea urchin and ikura, you must try the "Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe" This was a my favorite.The raku tofu and agedashi tofu ( made by them) were simple and delicious.This is a grill house so be sure to try the kobe skewer.These portions are good for sharing as a couple. Everything was light, balanced and not too heavy so you can order different things and get a good tasting.Save room for the deserts. We tried all of them, favorite was the fluffy cheese cake. and the melting chocolate cake ( it comes out at it should, not like a over cooked piece of brownie that most places serve).
4	My wife and kids finally made it up to Vegas and we had reservations for an early dinner at Raku.  I've heard so many good things about this place so I had to see for myself.  Overall we had a good meal an I'd love to come back again.  The Juicy deep fried chicken was just that.......juicy.  It was sooo good.  And the skin was very crispy still yet.  Agedashi tofu wad also excellent.  That dash/soy broth was amazing.  The Butter sauteed scallop with soy was also amazing as well.  The Kobe skirt with garlic was great as well with the perfect amount of garlicky goodness in each bite.  A few dishes didn't quite do it for us though.  The chicken breast wrapped with chicken skin....meh.  The Kurobuta Pork cheek wad tougher than I had imagined it shouldn't been.  And the Grilled rice ball in broth ( we ordered it with Salmon) had a touch too much Shiso flavor for me.  Overall, we enjoyed the meal and will let my parents know about this place for the next time they travel to Vegas.
5	Raku, quite simply, is my favorite Japanese restaurant in the world.  Featuring a diverse menu of grilled, stewed, and cooked Japanese items, Raku features equally diverse price points for dining as well.  Order exclusively off the robata grill and stewed menu and you can easily eat for under $20/person.   Feel more adventurous and trusting of the chef at $45/person and you'll leave feeling full and satisfied while trying more exotic fare.  Or finally opt for a formal kaiseki menu (3 day advance order) and you'll have a divine Japanese food experience that will challenge any set menu you've probably ever had.  No matter what price point you select, Raku's constant will be exceptionally prepared food.   People have called even the priciest meals here true bargains and it makes everything else simply a steal. The drink selection that pairs well with the food is equally diverse and just as price friendly.  Bottles of quality sake, Japanese beer, and cocktails range from amazingly under $10 to well north of $150.  Anyone can truly eat here and  if I lived closer I'd be having regular weekday meals, special celebratory meals, as well as any weekly meal I could sneak in. Some standouts from our most recent meal:Foie Gras egg custard with smoked duck and black truffle - representing the clear high end, this dish utilizes almost every high priced ingredient in a chef's repertoire.  The flavor was divine as the Foie Gras custard was cooked perfectly and presented in a gorgeous empty egg shell.  The black truffle was a decadent, but much appreciated, addition. Kobe beef seared over hot rock with garlic - perfectly presented on a bed of hot rocks, the Kobe beef is seared to perfection.  The thinly sliced garlic adds the minimal flavoring needed. Daikon and beef tendon oden - the other end of the price spectrum and the most affordable items on the menu at $1.50 and $2 respectively.   Ultimate comfort food...perfectly sliced and tender beef tendon and stewed daikon radish served in a perfect broth complimented by a small wallop of Japanese mustard.  Fresh oyster served with minced okra, seasoned scallions and uni - again the presentation was perfect as the oyster was shelled and delicately sliced before being placed back in the shell.  The fresh uni and seasoned scallions perfectly counteracted the brininess of the oyster. Overall, my meal at Raku was one I had looked forward to all year and it did not disappoint.   While we indulged for a special occasion, we still found amazing bargains in the oden stew and the extensive sake selection.  Raku is truly a special restaurant and their dedication to top quality food is evident the moment you sit down and notice that every condiment (ie: salt, pepper, chili oil, soy sauce) is house made.   It only gets better from there. For those who love comparisons, I can attest for me that my meals here have been better than some of my favorite Japanese restaurants in the past, including, but not limited to: Gochi (Cupertino), Sumika (Los Altos), Nobu (HK), Momofuku (NYC), Morimoto (CA) and many more.  Yes, many of those places are great but I love Raku even more. I still can't believe it's in Vegas!Raku accepts all credit cards, including American Express.
5	Six nights in Las Vegas, six reservations at Raku.  What more can be said about the heavenly dishes a Raku?  After dining here for six straight dinners, I was starting to think of myself as a squatter.  Tip: If you order the foie gras dish, ask for a small order of rice to mop up the over the top delicious sauce that this dish is served with, as you won't be able to scoop it up with your chopsticks.  Well, I tried for four nights and was ready to give up and simply lick the plate when one of the servers suggested the rice.  Nice call!
1	I would love to try this place out if I can get pass the snooty hostess. I understand we didn't have reservations, but we thought we try our luck to see if there was an open table...I wasn't holding my breath or anything, just thought we try since it was on our way. All she had to say was no nicely. But instead we were ignored for 10 mins and then rudely told all tables were full til closing...all without eye contact and her nose up in the air. So I don't care how good your food is, but I'm not going to give a place my hard earned money so they can pay for her salary.
5	Raku, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways:1. You hold sake tasting event with a buffet for the reasonable price of $45.2. You are generous with said items and beer.3. You have a friendly staff that can withstand the onslaught of ravenous Yelpers.4. You are the reason I got to hang out with said Yelpers.Those reasons were enough to clench my love for this place. I got the impression that these events are rare, so keep an eye out for it. Definitely attend because a normal dinner can cost way more than $45.The buffet line consisted of fried ice fish (small anchovy size sea creatures, easily eaten like popcorn.), panko crusted asparagus, grilled asparagus skewers, bacon wrapped asparagus (a whole buffet of asparagus), bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, grilled cherry tomatoes, mushrooms, garlic beef skewers, chicken thigh skewers, pork belly, pork cheeks, pig ears, sliced kobe beef, a plethora of oden, fried turkey or chicken (the staff kept saying something different), plenty of sashimi, and more. I found that the most basic of items such as the robata style cherry tomatoes and oden were my favorite of the night. The daikon was so tender and absorbed all the wonderful flavors of the soup. The beef tendon were melt in your mouth delicious as well. If that was not enough, there were more than 10 sakes to try, unlimited Asahi and Asahi Dark. With a large portion of their menu under my belt now, I want to try some of their noodle dishes.
4	We attended the Raku sake tasting event with a buffet for the price of $45.Pros1.) Food:     -Yellowtail and Salmon Sashima: very fresh, very good     -Fried shrimps w/head attached:  flavorful     -Bacon wrapped asparagus:  bacon goes well w/everything...good     -deep fried ice fish:  nice snack to munch on     -RAKU oden:  I tried the beef tendon, daikon, taro noodles, and this awesome   thing with mochi in the middle...I wanna go back and have me a bowl of this deliciousness.     -Pork Cheek and Kobe Garlic Skewers:  I will definitely come back to eat more of these skewers.    -lamb shank lollipop: very tender and juicy    -Brown sugar pudding in milk, with a raisin:  I liked this very much, I had 4 bite-size servings of this.2.) Service was great.  The staff were on their toes to clear out all the plates3.)There were many varieties of sakes, but my favorite was the riesling.  One small cup of this and I was good.  Cons1.) Venue:  small and cramped.  There were just so many people here.  2.) Unorganized:  I had to keep going through the line to get food and there were times when I got to the front to get food, barely anything is there.  3.) There were people that didn't want to be civilized and wanted to just go up to the front and grab the food.  Tsk Tsk.Overall, great event, great food, great times with great yelpers.  I'm a fan
4	I heard great things of the Sake tasting so decided to come at the lure of unlimited drink and eats for $45. There was about 20 sakes to try as well as light/dark Asahi. Sake isn't a spirit I am well versed in but know enough to see some of these are quality items. I was impressed with some of the smoothness and flavor of some of these and makes me rethink about adding a daiginjo sake into our spirit collection. The buffet ranged from-Robatas: filet w/ garlic, chicken thigh, pork belly, bacon enoki, mushroom, tomato.Oden: 3kinds of fishcake, soybean curd wrapped mochi, beef tendons, chicken meatballs, seaweed, noodles, potato, radish. Apps: asparagus wrapped in panko/nuts, tempura icefish, fried chicken, roast beef, tofu with tomato, cold tofu, whole fried shrimp, chopped seafood with/pickled bonito guts, sashimi w/ ponzu, baby radish to dip in fermented bean paste or mustard.Dessert: brown sugar custard/jelly in condense milk with a dried goji berry.I probably missed a few things, but these were recurring items. I can see the quality of the food here definitely. The oden beef tendons are some of the best I've had. The robatas definitely get the special flavor of the binchotan charcoal imparted on them. The tofu has superb texture. Now the rub of this event- it was Disneyland status wait. We waited to pay. We waited for food. No food was up there a few times we went so it was another wait for anything to come out. We waited to get to seat in one of the limited seating areas. The layout makes for intimate dining but is not very good for banquet style as many of the aisles are narrow and tables/areas aren't made for maximum utility. You can come later, but a lot of the food has been already attacked and I don't know how freshly made a ton of it will be. Since it's usually pretty pricey to eat here, I probably did get my moneys worth even though I wouldn't say I was neither too drunk or too full by the time we decided to go already. The food was good, but I don't know if I was floored by it enough to justify regular pricing. It's probably significantly better when it's not made in larger plates, but some I got straight from the kitchen piping hot. I also think I'm forever disappointed by my izakaya style meals here on out as none can top an epic night at Shunju in Roppongi for me. There are some more gourmet items I'm still dying to try, so I will be back for a regular dining experience to try the more unique offerings and skip the basics this buffet has served.
4	We love this place!  We were so bummed to miss the saki tasting event. On Friday night we took Nicole since it was her last night in Vegas. We ate at Otto earlier and planned on finishing it off BIG.  We usually order something from the board, but I guess we did it too big at Otto.  Ha!  Anyways, we ordered all over the place (as usual) starting with Raku tofu & Agedashi tofu. The tomatoes are a must!  I always order the green chilis & pork cheek too. The scallops were amazing!  We actually did order something from the board - the oysters. These things were HUGE!  Like on steroids huge!  Others at my table had them both slightly grilled & fresh, and the presentation was so pretty & impressive.  I skipped the saki this time (they have an extensive saki list), as well as the beer. I over did it. But I am so happy I did!I didn't give it 5 stars this time because another patron got sick at her table and she stayed there....getting sick. It was very awkward, her friends brought in plastic bags for her to ummm....you know. I don't understand why she wasn't taken to the restroom, outside, or anywhere else?  I felt bad for her. I also felt uncomfortable - no one needs to see that while eating dinner. I have no doubt the staff were uncomfortable as well. How do restaurants handle these types of situations?
4	We came here around 9:30 pm on a Saturday and the little restaurant was packed full.  Food: 5 The Agedashi tofu was a little strange - instead of cubes, it was one big patty of tofu.  It wasn't crispy (I usually like my Agedashi to be crispy), but the broth was delicious. The ikura don was pretty standard, just ikura over rice, but the quality of the ikura was very good, and there was a lot of it for $10.  The buttered scallops were tasty, but overpriced at $7 per scallop! Don't think I'd get those again. The green tea soba had a great flavor and was cooked very al dente, just how I like it.  The skirt steak with fried garlic was probably my favorite.  The meat was tender and cut up bite-sized, the sauce was absolutely scrumptious, and the garlic slices brought out the flavor of the meat.  My family also ordered the chicken wings, the uni/ikura/poached egg dish, the pork cheek, and the grilled oysters, but I didn't eat any of those, so I can't comment.  However, they all liked those dishes very much.Service: 4Our food took a long time to come out, but I understand because it was all so intricately prepared.  The waitresses were helpful, but they could have been more attentive about our water.Ambiance: 3My only complaints about this place are that it's very small and cramped, it's a little too dark, and the chairs/benches are hard and uncomfortable.  They were also playing some shamisen music, which is normally fine, but it was really loud.
4	Food was authentic and very delicious.  Charcoal grilled tasty morsels of deliciousness. Kind of pricey, but if you want the best in authenticity. Then you need to pay the price, quality was great too. I'd go back to try more of the menu. I love it.  You gotta pay to play!!!!  And I'm definately gonna play again.
5	Kaiseki with sake pairing is the way to go!I have been hearing about the Kaiseki menu and I finally had a chance to experience it.  Kaiseki is an artistic and gracious Japanese seasonal course cuisine.  Raku offers 2 Kaiseki options: 10 courses or 15 courses.  I ordered the 15 course Kaiseki with sake pairing.  All the dishes were beautifully and artistically presented.  They were uniquely flavored yet all blends together like a harmony.  I don't know the name of each dish but I am going to try to describe some my personal highlights in the order of the course (good thing I took pictures to help me remember):Highlight 1: I believe it was course 2 - a platter of 9 different bite size items (1. salmon on egg york, one of my favorites, it just smelts in your mouth; 2. flash fried asparagus, one of the all time favorites at Raku; 3. Duck skewer which is tender and perfectly seasons)Highlight 2: Course 3 - the dish came in a white ceramic box with a floral design on the lid.  It was perfected wrapped and presented. When it was served, I felt like a kid on Christmas morning waiting to open my present.  Inside the box, it was a piece of super fresh and delicious tofu.  The tofu was paired/garnished with Ikura (Salmon Roe) and fresh green tea powder.  I was never a fan of Ikura but the Ikura here was super fresh. The cold and silky tofu was enhance by the Ikura, which was like a burst of fresh and cold liquid with a faint hint of the sea and it was mixed with the slightly sweet yet dry green tea powder... I don't know how to better describe it except to tell you it was heavenly...Highlight 3: Dobin Mushi (tea pot soup) - The soup is literally cooked in a tea pot filled with a piece of chicken, a piece of fish, mushroom, and 2 ginko beans.  This is a very traditional Japanese soup. This dish is seasonal because of the special type of mushroom (i don't remember what it is called).  I enjoyed the soup, although I thought a small piece of lime would enhance the flavor further (plus thats the way I've always had it in Asia).Highlight 4: flute & blue fin tuna - It was sooo cute that I cried a little... for the fact that it was so heavenly and for the fact that my children will probably not have a chance to experience this deliciousness Highlight 5: glazed chicken thigh.  I don't remember what the chicken thigh was glazed with, but it tasted like it was brined and then boiled.  The chicken was sliced into thin slices and garnished with two roman tomatoes.  It is the most perfectly cooked, juicy, and tender chicken I've ever had!  The chicken was serviced with a reduction sauce.. it was so good that my friends licked their plates!!!Highlight 6: foie gras custard - OMG if there's food in heaven... this would be it!  the dish was served in a whole egg shell with the top sliced off leaving a little opening big enough for you to dig your little spoon into it to spoon out a mouthful of yumminess.  There is a small piece of foie gras on top of the custard... I wish there were more...  :-9Highlight 7: Uni Shooter (THIS IS MY FAVORITE!!!  YOU MUST HAVE THIS WHEN YOU VISIT RAKU).  The dish is served in a martini glass and it was soo FANTASTICALLY DELICIOUS!  There were small pieces of different things... (I know i'm not describing it well) but all the textures and flavor.. it was seriously A PARTY IN MY MOUTH!!!Highlight 8: Kobe beef covered with garlice slices on a hot stone flambed with XO.  The meat was tender and sweet.  I was afraid that the meat was going to be tough being on the hot stone and having it flambed in front of me, but to my surprise, it was perfectly cooked.  The XO and the garlic nicely seasoned and caramelized the beef when flambed while the hot stone brown the meat on the other side.  TO DIE FOR!There were a few dishes that I was not overly impressed about (scoring 7.5 out of 10 versus 10 out of 10), but over all, the entire meal was great.We had a different sake for every 3 dishes.  We started with a sparkling sake, it was almost like a sweet sparking wine. It was very yummy... I like my sake dry, so I would have loved it at the end of the Saiseki.The service was great.  We had our own private room and it really enhanced the ambiance.  The service was great.  The server describes each dish carefully.  He provided information on the food, how it was cooked, where certain items were from, which made the dish unique, as well as how to eat them (for example of the tofu dish in Highlight 2 to take each bite of the tofu by dipping it in the green tea powder along with a Ikura to create the optimal experience).Our reservation was at 8:00pm and we did not finish dinner until 3 and half hours later at 11:30. It was a great experience and I would highly recommended for special occasions since I got a little sticker shocked when I got the bill for $350 for just my share =D
5	The premium price is well worth it for their premium, authentic Japanese yakitori & sashimi cuisine.  In Nov 2011 they had a $45 (all inclusive, no additional costs for taxes or tips) AYCE Raku bufffet, unlimited sake sampling & bottomless Asahi regular &/or Asahi Dark beers (plus free bottled water).  It was an awesome deal & I can't wait for the next similar event.
5	Thank you, Raku, for such a delightful dinner, though it would probably be more suitable to describe it as a wonderful experience. Everything from your great service to dish presentation to flavor was impeccable.  The meal started with a wonderful sashimi salad.  The sashimi pieces were big and the dressing was uniquely good.  Then came the homemade tofu, which had great texture and the homemade soy sauce and sauces complemented it well.  My favorite condiment was the green tea salt with the tofu.The robata items were perfectly cooked.  The bacon you use to wrap around the mushrooms, asparagus wasn't too salty as is the usual problem for me at other robata restaurants.   The enoki was cooked to a chewy perfection, as was the pork cheek, beef tendon, shishito, chicken wings.  Of all the items, I think I loved the foie gras egg custard the most.  The texture, the taste, and the presentation.  The oden soup base was refreshing and you can add items to it a la carte.  We opted for the daikon, chikuwa, bean curd with mochi inside, and uni (which comes separately with wakame).  The meal was ended delightfully with a grilled onigiri in broth.  Perfect ending to a perfect meal.  Thank you!PS.  The bathroom is also super nice.  Love the aquarium!!
5	Raku is a great izakaya kind of place. Small but has a comfortable dining environment. We liked most of the stuff we ordered. The uni udon, kobe beef robata, etc. The green tea brulee was delicious and well priced! I'd drop by when I visit vegas again.
5	Umm...We should call Raku a hidden gem in Las Vegas!  It is located in a small plaza on Spring mountain and Decatur, but it is a Japanese fine dining restaurant usually by reservation only. I enjoyed their beef liver sashimi and oyster very much!!!  I thought the beef liver would be kind of smelly but it is actually very tender and fresh.  There is a sake with its name related to moon...(Sry!  I am terrible at names @_@)...which is very good!  I am not a drinker, so its delicate and fruity flavor appropriately elevate the taste of the food.  Last thing but really amazed us is their desert.  I have been searched for the volcano chocolate cake (again...is this the right name?lol) for a long time but could not find one.  It is a cake with raspberry and melted chocolate in side.  It is super tasty!!!!! What I like the most is that it is unlike most of the desert here in U.S., it is not very sweet but with a rich taste.  Love it!!!
5	Came here for dinner on New Year's Eve and ordered the prix fixe menu with sake sampler. Sublime! Watched the fireworks on the Strip with the restaurant staff after our meal.
4	Nice atmosphere, looks like a hole in the wall but pretty nice decor. Really great place to escape the strip and enjoy some good Japanese food.
5	We drove to Vegas on Thursday night and I was yelping on the car looking for a sushi restaurant in Vegas. Raku was popped up w/ highest rating and late open. We got there at 1:00am and it was only us and another table. This is what we ordered : sashimi salad, foie gras, grilled Kobe beef, tongue, liver, and tendon, home made  agedashi tofu. The food was so good, fresh and good portion.  I love brown sugar plum wine there.  The waitress was nice enough to bring out the bottle so I could take the pix ( I'm still looking to buy it when I'm back to OC but no sign yet) I wanted to make the reservation for 10  courses Kaiseki meal but it is 3 day advanced reservation.  I definitely would come back for this
5	One of the absolute best meals I have had. Went with a couple of friends and my girlfriend. Everyone loved it! We ordered about 12 dishes and enjoyed trying a variety of meats and vegetables. My favorite dish was the kobe beef liver sashimi. It was delicious. Also make sure to try the tendon. Raku goes all out. The spices and salts at the table are top notch and the service is impecable. They keep the interaction with the wait staff to a minimum, so you may enjoy your company and the dinner. Without question the best restaurant I have gone to in Vegas. Also takes the cake for yakitori nationally.
2	The food is not bad considering the reviews. Overall, I would have rated the food as a 4 unfortunately the wait about killed the rating. We literally waited over an hour to receive our third course. The wait staff is attentive during delivery of food; other than that it's typical. The sushi chef did offer us food while we waited in all fairness. DON'T come here if you're hungry or in a hurry. There're better yakitori type restaurants in LA or OC sans the ridiculous wait.
5	We know about Raku since last year, we went there couple times but kinda disappointed with slow service, waitress forgot our orders, etc. Which is made us don't wanna go to Raku anymore. But this new year is totally different, they gave us the best new year service ever ^__^No more slow and lazy waitress, no more wrong order.We got best service and also fast food :)Now we can recommend this place to our family and friends, cause i think they got new management and the boss also kind. He served us as well. Hopefuly we will come back soon... Cya soon Raku ^^
3	The food was good enough, but I can't remember the last time I did so much waiting.  The only reason I'm giving three, instead of two, stars is because my ratings are based largely on food.  Despite having reservations and arriving on time, it was a good 20 minutes or so before we were seated.  After being seated, the drinks came soon enough, and there was little delay in ordering, but then there was no food for a good half hour after ordering.  By the time we'd been seated about an hour, maybe two of our small plates had arrived.  As you can imagine, we devoured them promptly.These are small plates, mind you.  Some tofu, some yakitori.  Not the kind of food that should take very long to prepare.  It took us about 2.5 hours to finish an incomplete meal - even though we weren't full, we didn't want to order more because we didn't want to wait another hour for the food.Even worse, the tea was lukewarm and slow to be refilled.  We would maybe have been a little less annoyed if our teacups were regularly filled with piping hot tea.Needless to say, we left unsatisfied.  The only reason for the third star is because the food we did eat actually was good, and the menu offers unique items you can't get even at other izakaya restaurants.  But I've had better.
5	OMG! This place is amazing. I've dined at Raku about 10 times. Every dish is so passionately made by Japanese chefs from Tokyo. Every time I took a bite of any item I ordered it was so delicious, you would think that it is a delicacy. If you are not an open minded person with food, I wouldn't recommend eating here. Most of the dishes are unique. It's always a packed house, it doesn't help that the occupancy is only for 50.
5	Can't believe I never got around to writing a review about this place. Got's to be number 2 in best restaurants on my all time list. I love that its not on the strip and located in a small strip mall. Reservations are a must as I have seen on numerous  occasions groups of walk ins get denied. Too the food....INCREDIBLE!!! #1 Uni/Yamaimo cold app...OMG...SO GOOD.... Uni, Parboiled Egg, Ikura, Nameko mushrooms, Okra, grated Yamaimo, and ponzu = WOW!#2 Uni / Soba.. fresh soda served in a Uni husk with a uni/creme fresh sauce.#3 Foie over rice...Need I say more...#4 Asari No Sakamushi...Steamed clams with sake.#5 House made tofu.... Lite fluffy cloud...#6 Kobe beef skewers.... So so tender....#7 Kamo skewers.... Drizzled with balsamic reduction. #8 Kampachi sashimi... Toro who???#9 Green tea brulee....Call the ambulance!!Best part of my trip to Vegas was eating here. Raku, please open a location in SF.
5	Raku has a tiny secret I'd like to share (so I guess it won't be much of a secret then after all..)There is a dish, a fish roe on top of salmon filet on a bed of rice.  It is NOT the same one that they have on their menu; it isn't listed because of the time it takes and the type of customer who might order it.  It takes about 45 minutes to make because they cook the rice only when you order it.  By far, it is better than a lot of the dishes I tasted there including the amazing uni udon that Misti hadn't tasted ;) (you should though!).We ordered several other dishes there, mainly from the blackboard that the server had brought over.  Good blue fin tuna is somewhat hard to find and since it was a special occasion that we had dinner for, we decided to get it (despite it's health concerns with high lead content).  I also had a kobe beef tataki from the blackboard that was the best that I had ever tasted, even though I heard that their kobe grade wasn't the highest, but still good.  A note for kobe enthusiasts:  This is surprising, being a Japanese-owned restaurant.  Typically, Japanese-owned restaurants from my knowledge and experience have an 8 or above grade for their kobe.  Not Raku.  It's not poor, but not the best.  But they certainly made it taste like the best LOL.The environment of the restaurant is, as another reviewer had said, has the same air of LA snob.  That's true.  But on the other hand, it has the same place as a quaint, hole-in-the-wall yakiniku in Japan.  The restaurant is the smallest Japanese restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas.Oh, and make reservations.  On a Monday night, I called at 6pm to make a reservation at 8pm.  They didn't have an opening till around midnight.  WOW.  I think that was just a rare moment though, I'm not sure.Anyways, I gave Raku 5-stars because amidst the glamor and chef-renowned Japanese restaurants at the strip, the restaurant outshines them all in terms of their culinary fidelity to Japanese traditions and flawless service.
5	This place is a must if you are a foodie and you are in Vegas.  We were in Vegas for a week and decided to find restaurants off the strip.  We were so happy to find this place and enjoyed everything they had to offer.  Poached egg with sea urchin was just amazing and enoki mushroom wrapped in bacon is delicious.  I really am impressed with the owner/chef who walks around checking and tasting some dishes with his chopsticks and spoon on his shoulder.  Scallop, fresh tofu, and even house sake tastes so great, my next visit to Vegas, I took my co-workers there.Very clean, great bathroom, atmosphere, and awesome desert, this place is a hidden gem in Vegas.
5	Another excellent time at Raku. Everything, including the service, is excellent. However, my only complaint about Raku occurs before you even get there...The reservation process at Raku needs help. I understand this is a hot place, but I fail to understand the restriction on placing reservations only between 1400 and 1700 hours, then not answering the phone at all after 1700 hours. The voice mail message also says no reservations by message or email, and there is no web-based system like Open Table here either. Worse, the person taking the reservation wants all my personal info, and repeatedly warns me that there are other reservations and I have to be out by a certain time. This is dangerously close to serious pretentious snooty-ville, and I am hoping and praying that Raku does not fall victim to its own success and get too arrogant for its own good. Customer service first please. I realize American restaurants like to flip tables as fast as possible, but telling a customer to leave by a certain time is highly rude. Worse, I heard this said to a few other customers while I was there in-person. Wow.I happened to be out of the country, and I stayed up until midnight just to make the call at Raku during their limited reservation window. Yeah, I'm a little miffed at this and maybe being too much of a whiner, but all is forgiven because...All that being said, the food and service here is consistently stellar, and I will put up with this level of reservation combativeness as long as it doesn't get any worse. BTW, for all that reservation work, the place was 75% empty and remained so while we were there from 1830 to 2000 on a Thursday night. WTF?My review remains: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED(Sake flight, Asahi draft, two white pear martinis, two agedashi tofu, crispy shrimp, kobe liver, pork ear, beef tendon, boiled egg, sunomono: $85)
5	This place is fabulous!It has a great ambiance and the food is wonderful, make sure and try their home made tofu. Lamb chops are great, Kobe is great, chef ken is awesome, staff is great and very attentive, I highly recommend this place.We had a fabulous dinner, just make a reservation, the location is small and perfect.Will be back next time we are in town.
5	the last time i went with jin n. and mira a., and we couldn't stop talking about the kurobuta pork cheek and the agedashi tofu. i also tried the raw beef liver with garlic for the first time and it was surprisingly good. the green tea soba noodles and the salmon rice Kamameshi were great too (off menu), but too much carbs. i'd rather stick to the awesome proteins here.
3	There is no doubt the food is incredible here, but....The prices at Raku are high, and while you come here for the food primarily, the experience needs to be improved.  The restaurant is cramped, hot, and dark.  The service is extremely inconsistent, with servers disappearing for long stretches of the meal.  Even with the food being as good as it is, I can't see coming back to be hot, cramped, and ignored for a high price.
4	My wife and I began our 10 year anniversary weekend with visit to Raku as we drove into Vegas at 1:45 am on Friday night (Saturday morning, actually).  Fortunately for us, the kitchen was making its last call and we still had time to order.Best Dishes:Poached Egg with Sea Urchin (salmon roe, jalapeno, mushrooms, mountain root in soba broth served cold) - Amazing well constructed with a perfectly poached egg and various layers of flavor that all worked together.  A bargain at $9.Foie Gras Chawanmushi (egg custard with a hint of foie gras, smoked duck and black truffle) - Creamy, rich, delicious!  $10Juicy Fried Chicken (six medallions of chicken, fried, over a bed of baby spinach) - We weren't going to order this, but our waitress highly recommended it, and we're glad she did. $9Enoki Mushroom with Bacon - great flavor from the grill and a thick, lean, juicy cut of bacon. $2.80 for two.Kamo Grilled Duck (with balsamic soy sauce) - tender, well seasoned, and not gamey at all.Good Dishes:  Agedashi Tofu, Momo Chicken Thigh, Grilled VealDisappointing:  Kobe Beef with Wasabi (surprisingly ordinary), Tontoro Kurobuta Pork Cheek (too fatty for our taste), Sashimi Salad (expected more from Raku)Regarding some topics raised by other reviewers:Price.  We thought the prices were quite reasonable for a restaurant of this quality.Service.  For the most part, the wait staff was pleasant and informative.  They were not very attentive - we did have to ask for refills, etc.  But, because the restaurant was small and not crowded, it was fairly easy to get their attention.Overall, this was a great meal and a fantastic way to start our 10th anniversary weekend.
5	OMG! I anticipated this to be a "usual commercial" Japanese restaurant. NOPE! My boyfriend and I came from LA to enjoy Vegas. He heard about this place from GQ magazine. I had the crispy asparagus, miso soup, iberico pork, mushroom with beacon, portabello stuffed with ground chicken. I nibbled on my boyfriends fish and I was amazed. I am not a fish eatter, but this place may turn me around!The waiter was very helpful. He guided us through the process. I really appreciated his help, suggestions! DELICIOUS!You must come here if you are in Vegas!
4	I can validate this place is the hot spot for the top chefs in town.  Not only did we enjoy a delicious, innovative meal, but we dined right after Andrew Zimmern from Bizzare Foods was there eating and filming his show!  He even gave us tips on what to eat.  In summary, he said we couldn't go wrong with pretty much anything on the menu, and he was right.We ate crispy asparagus encrusted w/ Japanese crackers, sea urchin with poached egg and roe, foie gras rice bowl, duck skewer w/ balsamic soy sauce, kobe beef filet w/ wasabi, skewer of chicken fat and homemade fried tofu in broth. To top off the evening, I spent some quality time in the Japanese washroom complete with an aquarium and heated seat toilet w/ bidet and dryer. What a way to end our trip.  That part of town is way-cool (Chinatown) and I want to go back to Raku, then eat my way down the road, stopping off at each place for a snack.
3	This place is a very unique Japanese / European fusion.  Some of the dishes are very good.  The food used to be better but I think that they have gotten a bit arrogant and have stopped innovating or trying that hard.Our experience here was marred by a lousy service experience.  Reservations are necessary and not easy to make on short notice.  We arrived for our reservation on time.  When we sat down we were warned we had only had 1 1/2 hours to eat.  We would have been fine, but they are very slow to bring out our dishes.  We were told we should order all our food p front and would not have time to add more.  Desert was discouraged.  This was exacerbated by the fact that the room they sat us in was still empty when we left.  When you pay near $100 per person, you expect better treatment.  I suspect that their success has led to a "soup nazi" like mentality.The house made tofu is excellent.  We also had a rare pork dish that was not very good.  The grilled vegetables are no better than cheaper restaurants like Kyara.  The European fusion dishes like the foie gras tofu are interesting and worth a try.Overall, worth trying due to its uniqueness.  It is quite expensive and difficult to get in so you will need to decide for yourself if it is worth it
5	So there we were, our first night in for the weekend in Vegas and starving. We headed to chinatown from the Rio, reluctant as I've always been the typical tourist that is attached to the strip like a naked stripper is on me, but obviously my reluctance was misplaced. After being ripped off by a local cabby, we found ourselves at an asian inspired strip mall. Every store front was either japanese or chinese and in the corner was Raku, our destination for the evening.The restaurant, with its low ambient lighting and small room was very intimate. The customary japanese greeting was very much appreciated and we were seated at a well sized table right across from the sushi bar. The server came over, took our drinks and in broken english tried to explain the specials. It is a good thing that most were written on a chalk board that she brought to the table, although it didn't help much that all that was written was the english phonetic spellings of the japanese name of the dish.We settled on order a variety of tapas that were quite delicious and although I don't remember exactly what the japanese names were, you'll easily be able to find them on the menu should you decide to head there and try it yourself. I've decided to only mention a few that really stuck out in my mind that I think is a must have when dining there. I wish that I had more time and a larger stomach to try more choices, but that may have to wait until the next visit.We had an order of the Agedashi Tofu which was superb. A must try. It was well seasoned and beyond comparison to what I would find back home in Calgary and might I even say, Vancouver. Along side was the hot version of their tofu, also well accept in my mouth and I think a worthwhile try.The blue fin tuna was exquisite. A rare food item here in Canada, it was a sashimi that could not be refused. Priced at almost around $20 it was an expensive but delicious treat to try this not so common fish. Presentation was fantastic and only added to the appeal. On the plate were these salted seaweed pieces that added just the right amount of compliment to bring out the flavours.The Tsukune was a make shift chicken drum stick. It is pretty much ground up chicken with spices added and then re-pressed on to a tongue-depressor like stick. Surprisingly quite delicious even though it reminded me of eating a corn dog at the local fair but with a presentation made for a connoisseur of corn dogs.Lastly, my favourite item of all, the Kobe beef tendon. Words can not describe the best tendon that I've ever had any where. For those of you who are not a huge fan of soft squishiness in your mouth, I would avoid this dish, but for those of you who can appreciate tendon this is a must have and if anything, the one and only reason to visit Raku a second time. The most tender and well proportioned piece of tendon skewered and grilled. The flavour was perfect with a hint of the grill and simply melted in your mouth. I highly recommend this.The overall cost of the visit was just over a hundred for two of us including two beers and about 6 tapas. This is a great place and despite being off the strip and in a bit of a shady neighbourhood (which I'm sure it wasn't, it was just my impression) I would definitely recommend a visit. Compared to the strip and its similar offerings, Raku beats them all out by far.Reservation recommended.
3	I would've gone 2 stars but the wifey said to go 3 so there it is. To start we both ended up with stomach aches last night from out meal at Raku. Not full on, blow out food poisoning but something definitely wasn't right and we both had belly aches. On to the food and review.As has been mentioned before the service you get at Raku is beyond slow and extremely frustrating to deal with. This was at 6:30 and there were only about 15 other people in the place for reference.Food wise we started with a good but overpriced $12 salad. Next was the whole fried shrimp which were pretty good but need a dipping sauce in my opinion. Moving on we had tried the scallop which was OK but overcooked, we ordered another one later and it was overcooked as well. After that we got the fried pig ear and it was pretty good, different, and still pretty good.We tried the kobe beef tendon which is a gelatinous, slightly chewy, oddly flavored piece of matter that we won't be getting again, ever. We had 2 different kinds of kobe skewer. The one with the garlic chips which was good and the other with wasabe which was very good!Next came the bluefin tuna sashimi special which was excellent! High quality, great flavor and melts in your mouth. Then the guy next to us ordered cod sperm, seriously. What the hell, I gave it a shot and I don't know that I'll be rushing back to do so again. It had a creamy texture and tasted mostly of the ponzu sauce I'd dipped it in. It was OK but rather odd and it looked like golf ball sized brains!All in all we thought it was OK but won't be rushing back. Plus 4 draft Sapporo beers for 2 people and the bill came to $125.
5	I am in love with this place.  I am jealous of everyone who is going to Vegas or will be going to Vegas since they have the opportunity to eat at Raku while I'm at home, reminiscing my memories of how fabulous this meal was and how I would like to go again.  We ordered a variety of dishes - each being very delicious and mouthwatering.  The stand out dishes we had that night would be:1)  Oden - oh how subtle yet so flavorful the broth is.  I loved being able to customize what goes inside the oden.  2)  Foie Gras with Glazed Soy-base Sauce - I typically don't like Foie Gras but the soy sauce glaze and the grill made the meat so flavorful and very delicious way.  So good.3)  Agedashi Tofu - The tofu was freshly made and just melted in your mouth.  Though truthfully, everything that we ordered was SO AMAZING.  The one dish I really wanted to try but they ran out of was the Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe.  I'm hoping to get that the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Best Japanese Restaurant Ever! Pork Cheek is the most favorite!Better go with a reservation. Pretty popular place!o
4	Great place for some unique Japanese grills. Personally, I like the less unique items on the menu.  It's a bit pricy and may not fill you up. If you want an unique experience and be like Andrew Zimmerman, this is the place.
4	This would have been a five star review had the manager not sucked. The food was awesome. Everything you can expect from a higher end Japanese restaurant they delivered, food wise. I highly highly highly recommend the baked scallop! It was AMAZEBALLS. On to the service! What the hell raku! We made 4 separate reservations for 4 separate parties all under different names. 3 of the parties got seated on time as scheduled. Ours was the only one with a problem. Apparently the manager who took our reservations had heard reservations for 4 tables but only had the capacity to write down 3 reservations. Walking into the restaurant the night of our reservation, all were excited because of the greatness that was Raku. As we walked up to the hostess podium we said our reservation name and how many. The hostess then went on to tell us that there was no reservation under that name. The other three tables were already seated.... How is it that our reservation was not written down when all 4 reservations were given during the same telephone conversation.....? Uh Duh. Of course the tension quickly grew. The hostess continued to look at her paper saying that there was no such reservation. Obviously someone forgot to write it down. Ever think of that? The manager came and said he was the one that took down the reservation. All that was going through my mind was " so you're the dumbass that couldn't write down four reservations" he kept telling us that we had no reservation and looking at the paper. Seriously, does no one at raku understand the situation by now or what?! Eventually the guy redeems himself and gives us a table. However, he ends up separating our table and half of us end up sitting at the bar where guests wait..... Overall, If it wasn't for the misunderstanding I would love raku to bits. The food is amazing but you people need to learn some people skills, one and how to take multiple reservations within one call, two. I will be coming back. Don't fuck up this time raku. Thanks.
4	As with everyone else's review please make reservations.  We walked in with no reservation and luckily got into a 1 hour window for a table.  Arrived at 6pm.  We mainly came here for a the Raku fresh tofu.  Service is a slow so don't expect to leave quickly unless they are trying to get you out before the next party arrives.    The condiments are all homemade and must be tried with the tofu.  OrderedRaku Tofu (Fantastic one of the best I've had)Juicy Deep Fried Chicken (crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside)Enoki Mushroom Wrapped with Bacon (Tasty )Japanese Shishito Pepper (Gives a nice kick)Iberco Ham skewer (Tastes like bacon and oh so good)The food here is great with plenty of flavors to give you a wild experience.  So if you've got the time to pull yourself away from the strip for a bit then come on down.Would I go back? You bet your pastrami I would!
4	We love robata grill, so Raku seemed a must visit on our latest trip to Las Vegas.  First, the service at Raku was slow.  Not just slow, but mind-numbingly slow.  Our meal lasted three hours, including an inexplicable half hour delay between the first appetizer of fresh tofu and our next course of blue fin tuna sashimi.  Since this was our first visit, I'm not ready to pass judgment.  But in any case, I probably wouldn't recommend you visit Raku if you are on a tight timeline.  But if you are going to provide slow service, you better make sure it is good -- and Raku came through.  Although she steered us to the "safer" menu items, our server was friendly, helpful, and, when she was around, attentive.  When she wasn't, we were on our own for large stretches of time, or offered the wrong dish by one of the other servers who consistently confused our table.However, the food overwhelmed any service issues.  It was, in a word, amazing!  We started with the fresh tofu -- it had the consistency of ricotta but what drove it to the next level were the myriad layers of flavor added by the various condiments.  Although I never thought I would say it about a "plain" tofu dish, this is a must have.The blue fish tuna sashimi special was also very good.  It was fresh and delicious but while we enjoyed it, it probably wasn't even close to the level of the tofu.  Combine that with the near extinction of blue fin tuna and the price, and it probably won't be on our next order.  Same with the sea snail, which was interesting, but not especially flavorful.  And while we are big fans of eel, the unagi teriyaki was not as good as the ones available at other restaurants.The fried flying fish and agedashi tofu reinvigorated our meal.  Both were excellent. And the accompanying broth was delicious to the last drop.  It typified our experience at Raku, where the multiple layers of texture and flavor combine to create a large complex symphony.  The grilled skewers were also great.  The tomato with bacon and enoki mushroom with bacon were exactly why we love robata grill.  The only other vegetable we ordered, the asparagus okaki  was also excellent.  The beef outside skirt with garlic was good, the duck with balsamic soy sauce was better, and the foie gras with glazed soy-base sauce was absolutely, melt-in-your-mouth amazing.  The pork cheek was also good, but the pork ear was a little bit to chewy and cartilaginous to be our cup of tea.  Surprisingly, the Tsukune-grilled ground chicken was bland -- a let down compared to the rest of the meal.We finished off with the green tea creme brulee, which was the perfect dessert.  Not too rich or thick, it was exactly what we needed after the rich skewers we had just eaten.  And it had the same depth of flavors that we had enjoyed in the other dishes.  I also recommend you try the sake flight.  It was interesting and all of the sakes were excellent -- you can order most of them by the glass, as well as by the bottle, if you find one that you like.Overall, Raku was a great, if lengthy experience.  We will try the Kaiseki meal (and make sure we have a four hours to spare) the next time we visit.
2	If you're a tourist, and don't have many choices of Japanese cuisine in your home town, Raku is the place for the Japanese experience...There are better, and less expensive Japanese Restaurants in LA, OC, and the Bay area.  Food was Ok, service a bit stiff and slow.
5	Simply the best Japanese I have ever had.We made a reservation for the bar, received a 2 hour window. Upon seating the chef prepared a wonderful amuse that we thoroughly enjoyed. The waitress was slow to start our service but once we ordered thing were very smooth and we had plenty of attention. We feasted on the the chalkboard striped amberjack sashimi for a starter and I enjoyed miso soup and the lady had a scary looking dish with uni and salmon roe that was fit for fear factor. The staff I think was slightly impressed that she not only liked it but finished it. From there we attacked the grilled apps with gusto. Sampling several treats we picked out favorites and ordered a second round. My favorites were the kobe skewers and the scallop.We enjoyed hot and cold saki and the selection was reasonable and extensive.I am now a huge fan of this place and we are planning a return visit soon!
5	When I first arrived, the outside appearance had me a little nervous, but I was pleasantly surprised once I got inside.  The food was excellent, I heard about it on Yelp, and most yelpers know what they are talking about:)  Service was also great, our waitress explained everything to us and when they brought out the food, she explained what we were eating.The were out of the Foie Gras...I know, I was thinking the same thing wtf.  I enjoyed the following dishes;1. Tuna tartar2. Chicken with crispy skin (excellent)3. Duck (excellent, ordered 2)4. Kobe beef w/garlic (very tender preferred it over the wasabi)5. Kobe beef w/wasabi6. Kobe beef tendon (chewy but I like chewy)7. Kurobuta pork cheek (fatty...I like fatty, but a little too much)8. Apple marinated lamb chop9. Asparagus (surprised us, really good)10. Enoki mushroom wrapped in bacon11. Tsukune ground chicken (ok)12. I ordered some soup with tendon/tripe, good flavor13. Cold veggie bowl with shaved bonito...not my taste, cold wet veggies that taste like fish, not so much:(Overall a great experience, would definately go back.  Our total bill was around $100, but well worth it.
5	The homemade tofu is lovely and creamy! I believe they make their own soy sauce as well and it put the store bought stuff to shame.The sake sampler was very tasty. This is a great chance to try the different sake (ie. one sake tasted like apples).  The wine sampler was OK, nothing memorable. Food comes out very slow, but I think the food is meant to be savored and not rushed. Great ambiance for dates.  Not a good place to eat with children.The food on the special daily menu can be costly (the whole fish was more expensive than we thought because there was no written price). Make reservations or you'll wait a long time!
3	I am fully aware of how yelpers in general have an unconditional and unwavering love for this place, just like I'm very aware of the "yelpers love us" sticker on the door. The reviews were one of the reasons we decided to come to this place, however, its also one of the few times that I have disagreed with the raving reviews of yelp.We came here about 1 am on a Wednesday morning and even though there were open seats, they still felt that we should wait before being seated. 10 minutes later, we were seated at one of the open seats.From the onset, the service was a bit slow. Our server asked if we were ready to order right away, but we asked for a minute. It was only after about 15 minutes of waiting we decided to flag our server to order. The food also came slowly but that wasn't really the issue.So down to the food. We ordered:1) Aohata Nabe: This was basically a fish stew. This was 40 dollars and my least favorite item that we ordered. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't particularly good either.2) Tofu Salad: This simple item was probably one of my favorites. It's 7 dollars and pretty flavorful with their green tea salt.3) Agedashi Tofu: I know that this item is all that yelpers rave about, and it was good, but cooome on... its not that good! 10 dollars. Actually, I thought it was just "ok."4) Asparagus Okaki. This was actually really good. It tasted like Asparagus with Japanese cracker crumbs. 5 dollars.5) Juicy Fried Chicken: Simple fried chicken served much like a sushi roll. These tasted great. 9 dollars.6) Tsukune: The ground chicken was my 2nd least favorite. Just very ehh. $3.50.7) Enoki Mushroom w/ Bacon: This was probably my favorite item of the night, simple yet very tasty. $2.80.8) Scallop w/ Soy Sauce: The scallop was amazing, especially with the sauce that it comes in. Loved this. 7 dollars.We tried to order the pork belly but they were out.All in all, perhaps because of the raving reviews, this place was a slight disappointment. From the slow service to the Aohata Nabe, things were just a bit off with the whole experience. The food, in general, is good, but its not that good. This experience reminds the moment when walking out of the movie theaters after watching Hunger Games. OVERRATED. I'm saying this as a person that loves Japanese food (and I'm not talking about California rolls as Japanese food), but real authentic Japanese food.If you're in the mood for tasty no-frills Chinese/Malaysian food at about 1/6 of the price, go to Big Wong, only a few feet away from Raku.
3	I have heard that they have started a kaiseki course, so I have been curious and wanting to try it out, but given that my last experience here was merely A-OK, I have dragged my feet until recently, but here are my thoughts after trying it out.  First of all, Kaiseki literally means "stone in the bosom".  This originates from Zen buddhist monks keeping a warmed stone in the bosom to endure cold and hunger during their training as they were not allowed to eat much in the afternoon.  Occasionally they are allowed to eat small portions of rice poridge, and such small meals originated the name "kaiseki", as something to wade off hunger.Kaiseki then transformed to offerings during formal tea ceremonies, and then after hundreds of years it has evolved  into what we consider kaiseki ryori now, which is a multi course formal dinner offered almost eclusively in ryoutei,  As it inherits a spirit of the tea ceremony, the focus is on service and offering the best that can be offered at the time to serve the customer, the spirit of "ichigo ichie".  As I consider Raku as sort of a high-end Izakaya like place, and certainly NOT a ryoutei, I was curious as to how they can pull off a kaiseki course, but here is how it went.  I had to make the reservation at least 3 days in advance, and the choices were 10 or 15-course dinner, and I was told to expect it to take at least 3 hours.  As I had to arrange for a baby sitter, I just went for a 10 course meal.In Japan, ryoutei or high-end Japanese restaurant (something like Kiccho comes to mind) serves their guests in private tatami rooms, which isn't quite possible here, but at least they led us to a private room-like space toward the back of the restaurant, which is nice.  It was walled off except for the entrance part, so it is a bit more than a booth to give us some privacy.We ordered some bottled water from Japan as well as a small bottle of sake as my wife and I don't drink that much, and the course started with yuzu flavored sake aperitif and then:1) hotaruika (firefly squid) sumiso-ae2) large plate with asparagus okaki, salmon with egg yolk, corn/potato, grilled egg plant, grilled duck, yamaimo mousse, and fois gras egg custard.  3) squid and ikura with uni sauce4) soup with chicken tsukune and cherry blossom leaf5) sashimi of hatsu-gatsuo (early season bonito) and sayori (Japanese half beak)6) miso glazed grilled huedai (star snapper)7) fried aji (japanese jack mackerel) in dashi with eringi mushrooms8) baby abalone9) kobe beef steak on hot stone10) shima aji namerou with rice and takana (striped jack tartar).11) desert of fresh cheese mousse Whew!!  It sounds like a lot, and it IS a lot, but that took us more than 3 hours.  Was it good?  Yes.  Am I thrilled to go back and try it again?  No.  Perhaps that is the reason why I live here and despite all the raves I hear and read about Raku, this was my second visit.  I just think that it was a strech (to say it nicely) to call it kaiseki.  There are a few things that bothered me and distracted from the meal.  There was a group of young kids wearing baseball caps, with baggy shorts and wife beaters talking very loudly, dropping F-bombs left and right who were sitting relatively close to us.  Although we were in a semi-private booth-like space, this was distracting.  Do I blame them?  No, because as I said before, I consider Raku to be a high-end Izakaya, and not a ryotei.  However, this is not quite the setting that I find appropriate to serve Kaiseki, which has Zen buddhism and tea ceremony in origin.  It has to be in a serene, zen-like space, and Raku is not it.In any Kaiseki, there must be a balance of food from sea/land/mountain.  As you can see on the menu, 7 out of the 10 ingredients are seafood and the balance is hopelessly lacking.One of the very important aspects of serving kaiseki food is "Ma" or spacing.  3 and a half hours for this meal?  My wife and I felt that this meal dragged way, way too long, and the consideration for MA was absolutely lacking.One other concern was that my wife has a food allergy to shrimps/clams.  I was actually surprised that they didn't ask me that when I made the reservation and I forgot to mention it, but when I mentioned it at dinner, I was told that "oh, we don't do kaiseki for people with allergies"....I told them that's OK, as I will be happy to eat her shrimps and clams, and the only thing that she couldn't eat happened to be abalone, no big deal.  However, this strays so so far away from the spirit of kaiseki which should inherit the spirit of "ichigo-ichie", which is at the heart of sadou, or tea ceremony as well a zen buddhism.  In summary, I have a very difficult time calling this meal "kaiseki".  The food was good although not exactly "great" either, and kaiseki is not only about the food, but more importantly the experience, and as a whole, the experience was lacking and it was not something that I am yearning to go back for more.
5	The chefs of today may well be the Van Goghs of our time. The care and precision of modern food presentation has made some of the creations on our plates incredible edible works of art.The Japanese have the art of food presentation imbued in their food culture and they really put their heart and soul into making their food a feast for the eyes as well as the stomach.On my visit to Las Vegas last September, I was starting to feel a bit jaded about eating at the big corporate named restaurants on the strip and sought out a dinner spot more in keeping with being a locals' favourite. A Yelp search threw up Raku and a quick check with local Yelp friend Emily R confirmed that it was one of her favourite spots in town.I was especially drawn to their kaiseki menu, where they create a unique menu based on the best ingredients available that day. A quick phone call secured  my dinner reservation and as requested on their website, I pre-ordered the kaiseki menu.My taxi dropped outside Raku, which is located in a non-descipt small off-Strip mall. Any initial fears about the unprepossessing surroundings were soon dispelled by the warm welcome I received on entering the restaurant. There was a general hubbub of conviviality in the restaurant all evening with many customers obviously being happy regulars.I bagged a seat at my favourite place to sit in a restaurant - at the counter watching the chefs at work. I was able to chat to the main chef all evening, who was very happy to engage and explain things to me about my unfolding gastronomic adventure.Every dish was a work of art and there were quite a few new flavours for my palate to savour.1. Mountain potato croquettes in dashi broth2. Eight mini treasures, including creations such as tofu skin with wasabi and egg with sashimi3. The house signature homemade silken tofu with salmon roe and homemade green tea salt and soya sauce4. Fluke sashimi and liver with spring radish and grated onion dipped in ponzu sauce5. Japanese/Spanish mackarel marinated in yuzu6. Foie gras/egg custard/summer truffle served in an egg shell7. Eel with shisho pepper8. Uni with egg9. Kobe beef on hot rock flamed with Hennessy XO sauce10. Mixed tuna over rice11. Panna cotaAs you can see, the list of ingredients is like a who's who of the best ingredients to pass one's lips. Everything was a delight to eat. I love the way that Japanese cookery has given exquisite food presentation to the west but in return, the has given them ingredients like foie gras to cook with.Service was always with a smile all evening.The final touch of class came at the end of my meal when the chef confessed that normally, they don't do the kaiseki menu for only one person due to the large amount of prep time involved but as I was visiting from London, they made an exception.Arigato, Aburiya Raku!
5	Being in the fine dinning industry for 25 years I will give 4 1/2 stars to this restaurant. The food was absolutely amazing and for me this is what Japanese food is about. I consider myself a fast eater and the 1/2 star missing will be about service. At one point of time I had 3 courses on the table. They have a large selections of Sake and I would like to see a selection of sake going with my tasting menu. I will definitely going back.
4	I was tempted to give Raku 3.5 because it was uneven (and overrated, though in a different way from Lotus of Siam, which I also reviewed). Essentially, at a place like this, it is in your best interest to order mostly, if not exclusively, from the daily specials board. Some of the regular stuff is frankly not that great, and it's not in your interest to spend too much time figuring out what's what.That said, I broke my cardinal rule and ordered too heavily from the regular menu. The kobe beef liver sashimi was terrific. There is a pretty obvious potential danger to serving raw offal. I had no concern here. At the counter guy's recommendation I also ordered some pork cheek (fine) and grilled tomato (not objectionable, but certainly not much better).But then, the specials menu was uneven, too. The homemade tofu was fine, but the portion size was confusing. My countermate confirmed my suspicion that better varieties of this dish can be had.HOWEVER. The reason I decided to give four stars is the quality and taste of a squid special. Half sashimi and half lightly grilled. A small raw bird's egg (quail?) wrapped in raw squid "noodles" was one of the best things I've eaten in a long time. It was simultaneously very rich and very light. It really could not have been better.If I went back, I would order the entire specials menu regardless of the resulting "balance" of my meal (in respect of proteins, vegetables, etc). I think that this approach would yield some very memorable meals, as well as some merely very good meals.
5	Went back to Raku and have the most amazing dinner. Glad you made the hot spot in Las vegas in Vogue france: http://www.vogue.fr/culture/en-vogue/diaporama/9-adresses-a-las-vegas/7033#raku-grill-best-of-nippon
4	A short taxi ride off the strip is worth the trip. We were seated in a private room which was nice and made the evening feel special. What was strange was how service at first and in the end was slow, but once food was ordered it kept coming. We needed our servers help to walk us through the menu as descriptions were sparse. We probably ordered over 10 items from cold to hot dishes. Take a look at all my pictures from the night. A few highlights for me were the cold tofu, bacon wrapped tomatoes, salad with chicken and peanut sauce to name a few. The only item I didn't care for was the pork cheek. I was expecting tender meat, but it was like a square of fat.When you're ready for the check, you will need to have them call a cab for you as they don't drive around like they do on the strip. But again, worth the short ride.
5	No question, this is a 5 star establishment. I seriously have hated tofu most my life, but the Agedashi Tofu was probably the best thing I ate in the city of Las Vegas over a 3 day stay. So amazing. I'd suggest coming with friends and sampling the menu like we did, gives you the opportunity to try more of the amazing menu items. I'll likely be back for a second visit in less than a week and I live 5 hours away, its that good
5	I ate at Raku by a friend's recommendation (thanks Julie K and Bobby L. for driving).  Whenever I go to Vegas, I rarely have the opportunity to head to Chinatown \ Spring Valley so this was a nice surprise.  Back at home in the Bay Area, I've eaten at a fair amount of Izakaya joints but I must say that Raku really blew me away!Unfortunately I can't remember a few dishes that I took pics of because were had ordered them from their Specials Board.  Just let the pics explain themselves.Here are the highlights:Raku's Tofu(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=vKeXGJldbsQM01iXXVwoSA)Right off the bat, their Tofu blew me away.  And we're talking about plain no-frills house-made tofu.  We thought it was so good that we ordered another plate of it!  Blue Fin Tuna(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=CkPFeK_AAvYzPAb3DKuAuQ#CkPFeK_AAvYzPAb3DKuAuQ)Very fresh!Enoki Mushrooms(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=GkrGZds3BHOoC-5mvKKIVg)This was a good appetizer before the meat dishes started to arriveSalmon Belly (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=IHbcDOAdYFyN0CYIkkpSpw#IHbcDOAdYFyN0CYIkkpSpw)Very tasty!!Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=gpHaJuO8n-WQ_1LfnYSidw#gpHaJuO8n-WQ_1LfnYSidw)This one was okay but didn't really do much for me.Kurobuta Pork Cheek(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=tzjYja7zbBreFMGNT-Be9w)Same thing goes for the pork cheek.  This was actually quite tough and required a lot of chewing.Burger Special (Forgot the name)(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=IHbcDOAdYFyN0CYIkkpSpw#IHbcDOAdYFyN0CYIkkpSpw)If you know me, then you know I love Japanese Hamburger Steaks.  I just love it when you cut them open and a whole pocket of steam just erupts from it.  I really like this dish.  It was a pretty good meat combo with beef and pork and the sauce when well with it.Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=GKzNDSHfkTVf1_7JujeJ2w#GKzNDSHfkTVf1_7JujeJ2w)If there's one thing that can top the burger, it's these Kobe Beef sticks.  Very flavorful and cooked very good!Foie Gras with Glazed Soy-base Sauce(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sqRX-XLlhx4rs2c1TpBf8A?select=P7GZFWsN7vuNJin6ZiVzqQ)And if there's one thing that can top the Kobe Beef and basically everything in the menu, it's this Foie Gras stick.  The Soy-base Sauce just made it heavenly!I would definitely come back again here for another visit.  The food was excellent and the service was spot on.  And for all that we ordered, the split bill still came down to $37 a person with tax and tip.  Can't really ask for anything more.  After eating their food, it was quite obvious whey Raku is such a hot spot for foodies and local and celebrity chefs.
4	Seriously good  Japanese comfort food (robata grill) combined with outstanding artistry.For starters, agedashi tofu.  Sublime; fried house made tofu bathed in a heavenly flavored dashi base topped with briny salmon roe.From the robata grill, Kurobuta pork cheeks (face, not butt, sweet porky goodness),  enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon (smoky richness), "Kobe" fillet with wasabi (tender, wasabi brings out a mineral earthiness and sweetness), "Kobe" skirt with garlic (razor thin slivers of garlic mixes with melting beef fat), and if they have it, teriyaki foie (orgasmic flavor explosion that goes on and on).Finally, the kaiseki meals are incredible.  They feature small portions of the best of the robata grill mixed with delicacies not offered anywhere else on the menu.  Some of the dishes are out there.  One night offered sea snails another foie chawanmushi.  Both surprisingly delicious.  Keep an open mind.  The progression of courses in flavors, textures, and temperature is well thought out.  Well worth the $100 or $150.  Note:  three day advance reservations required for the kaiseki and all members of your group need to order it.Tip:  always ask if there are any off the menu specials.  Depending on how much they "like" you, you may be in for a real treat (sorry, it's an Asian thing).Good selection of sake at all quality and price levels. Needless to say, highly recommended.
4	I ate at Raku at the recommendation of my friend Ryan.  Raku is located off Spring Mountain Road in Chinatown. Let me start by saying that this place has amazing food. We arrived promptly at around midnight but didnt actually get seated til about 12:30AM or so.  It would have been five stars had their service been better. We started with a salad of some sort, which was fresh and marinaded and was delightful.  We then had the Iberico Carpaccio, which had the iberico with a layer of gelatinous fat on top and melts away when you eat it.  It was one of the highlights of the night. It was a special so when we tried to order it again later that night, it was sold out. The agedashi tofu was delicious. Soft tofu with a good broth that provides the tofy with alot of flavor.  Poached egg with sea urchin was a hit, it includes poached egg, sea urchin, okra, mushrooms, salmon roe, in a broth. Kobe beef filet was tender and the wasabi touch was the right amount of spice to the kobe beef. The chicken teba wing had a good crust and was tender and flavorful.  The toro tataki was soft and buttery and was fantastic but we had gotten the last order.  The pork cheek was fatty and full of flavor.  The negitoro was ok and didnt blow me away like most of the other dishes.  foie gras custard was excellent.
5	nom nom nom Raku is probably one of the best Japanese restaurants in town.If you consider yourself a foodie, you must check out this spot. It is an avant garde Japanese restaurant unlike anything else in town. There is no AYCE sushi, or sake machine like you find in other restaurants. Instead, you find a small cozy eatery tucked away on the western part of chinatown. The food is minimalistic but delicious. The chef makes his own soy sauce and tofu which is practically unheard of at most Japanese restaurants. There is quite a bit of skewers = "meat on a stick" which is totally not a bad thing. The bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms are a must try. The Foie Gras Egg custard Udon noodle Soup is unlike anything I have ever tried. The texture, taste, and quality is something you find at a high-end restaurant on the strip. Similar dishes have been done before but not like this. They offer a large selection of sake which is a often necessary addition to any proper Japanese meal.More and more people are discovering Raku which usually means that lines and wait times can be long on the weekends. The place is pretty small so the amount of diners is definitely limited. On top of that Raku can get very pricey. Top-shelf ingredients like foie gras, sea urchin, and caviar command higher prices.
5	pretty amazing. we roll in Thursday night past midnight. I'm pretty sure we were the only fatties there when we were done eating.   My favorite includes the grilled rice ball (pure bliss!), green tea soba noodles, and the uni, with poached egg, daikon and mushroom.  It had a wonderful texture of silky, soft, crunchy, smoky, sweet and creamy.  Quite delicious.   Everything is super fresh...super pure, neatly presented... as I would agree with my friend Yee, the plate served here IS a work of art.  Our friend knew exactly what to order...so pretty much everything he ordered was spot on.  i can go on and on and on.... the next time i go back, i def want to hit up their omakase.  it's unfortunate we didn't have much time. My only regret is not being able to take my time... everything felt a bit rushed...Raku is off the strip of Vegas...Nothing fancy, but definitely not to be missed...
4	Raku was a unique experience for our family.  We love sushi and Japanese cuisine in general but this was on another level.It is very pricey but that is to be expected for the freshness and presentation of their food.  We had numerous dishes but some of our favorites were the fois gras egg custard, the grilled duck, and the yellowtail sashimi.
5	So very wonderful. Raku was unlike any Japanese I'd had and I loved everything about this place. We had 8:30 reservations on a Sunday night and watched them have to turn people away without reservations or tell them that the wait was around 2 hours. So I would definitely get a reservation because the place is so small and popular. It is in a strip mall in Chinatown but once you get in it is lovely. Great atmosphere with super sweet staff saying things to you in Japanese when you enter and exit while you just smile and nod like you know what just happened. I also like the touch of the chopsticks resting on little chunks of charcoal on the tables. Staff was super helpful with our order and checked to make sure every dish was to our liking.So we started with the grilled cherry tomatoes which sounds pretty basic but was fantastic. They were so smoky and salty. Seriously good. We also got the crispy asparagus which had maybe a panko crust. Also fantastic was a grilled squid from the specials board, miso soup, and grilled rice balls. The table favorites were the Agedashi tofu and Butter Seared Scallop. The flavor on both was just amazing.It was a really great, unique place and fantastic dining experience. Everything was well done with great attention to detail. If you have the chance go to this place.
5	Too legit to quit, love this place.  Reminds me of Japan and the special places that cook anything over a small flame perfectly.  I love the organs, hearts, livers, anything really.  They make it perfect! mmmm.5star stuff.  not cheap , but worth the extra price.  Irony in Japan or overseas this is the cheap stuff.  hmm...mmm.....yummy!
3	Long wait to get my order taken. the food is ok. portions are ok. a little different than other jap rests. maybe just to try out.
4	The service is a little Slow at the end of the night but it is because the food is fresh. great environment. This is not a place to be in a rush.
5	There are two ways to enjoy Raku (Las Vegas), Izakaya-style or Omakase-style (I believe they call it Kaiseki).  Both are excellent.  But the latter is truly 5 stars.  Several months ago, we were unable to score reservations for the main dining room (our usual Vegas hang-out spot), and our small group was told that we could get a table in the "omakase" section, where we would have to order one of the Kaiseki (full-course consisting of various raw and cooked seasonal items) courses.  Now, just for the record, I rarely order a "Kaiseki" or "Omakase" course at a typical Aburiya (aka "Izakaya"), but having done my homework on the chef/owner (Chef Endo, whose background is in traditional Kaiseki (in Tokyo), who then moved to global fame as executive chef of Megu NY), I was more than willing to give it a try.  And I've been hooked ever since.One of the most memorable Kaiseki dishes we had here was the whole  Nodoguro white fish, a seasonal winter fish.  Apparently only two of these whole fish made its way to Las Vegas that winter day, via direct flight from Tokyo, and we got one of them.  One of the most fun ways of enjoying an excellent fish is to see how different it tastes under different preparation.  Chef Endo understands this completely, and we were served different parts of the same fish as three different courses.  First, the Sashimi.  Second, steamed with ginger and seasoned with a light Dashi-based sauce.  Third, grilled with pinches of sea salt.  An ultra-fresh fish is a must for Sashimi, but when you have that sashimi-grade fish expertly steamed or grilled, it's absolute heaven.  The heat breaks down the amino acids of the fish, significantly boosting the Umami factor.  I would argue that the most delicious way to enjoy fresh fish is lightly cooked, and not raw.  Honestly, the skewers that they threw into the Kaiseki course were meh, but the home-made Tofu, the fish dishes, and the soups were absolutely amazing.  Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas and Raku!  I gotta make sure to book at least a week in advance!
4	This place was one of the better places we had the opportunity to enjoy during our Vegas trip (although I almost killed myself when I leaned on what I thought was the hostess stand and almost busted my behind).The waitstaff was pleasant, friendly, and very helpful.  One of them went through the entire specials board and explained each and every dish, which was really nice.We ordered the following:Poached egg with uni and salmon roeToday's OhitashiAgedashi TofuTsukune skewerKobe Beef skirt with garlic skewerKobe Beef tendon skewerKurobuta pork cheek skewerPork earApple marinated lamb chop Saikyoyaki specialVeal skewer specialMelting Chocolate cakeFluffy CheesecakeMy BF could not bring himself to try the egg with uni and salmon roe only because of the slimey texture of it all, but he did try everything else (I loved the dish by the way).  We loved everything  except for the Kobe Beef Tendon...a little too fatty, rich, mushy, sticky for our taste.  Everything else was yum-o!This place is a short cab ride from the Vegas strip and the waitress will call a cab for you when you're finished with your meal...now that's service.  We would defitnitely go back!  I'm so glad I found THE Izakaya in Vegas......I thought I can only have it in NYC!
5	I've enjoyed a lot French tasting menus, but my dinner at Raku was only my third Japanese Kaiseki menu.  This was hands down, the best Japanese tasting menu I have had thus far.  When I made my reservation over the phone a few weeks ago, the person I spoke to made sure I knew the 15 course Kaiseki dinner would last over 5 hours-yep, no problem.We missed Raku on our first drive down the street, but saw it coming back the other direction.  Once they found our reservation, we were taken to a little private room.  Excellent!  No need to worry about our camera flashes distracting anyone in the dark restaurant.  Our server, Andrew, was great.  He explained each course, answered questions, gave us specific suggestions on how to eat certain dishes, and made sure we were enjoying everything. The presentation of our first dish was very creative.  In addition to a spoon, a bowl filled with some dashi, roe, and yuzu powder, a paddle and a rectangular box were placed in front of us.  When you push the paddle in one end of the box, the homemade silken tofu came cut out the other side.  Nice.  The second plate was adorned with 9 different little bites.  Everything on this plate was a hit with me.  I loved the rice cracker covered asparagus, green onion duck with balsamic, salmon & egg yolk, and miso marinated cod.  I was also intrigued by the corn on the "cob" where the cob was replaced with mashed potatoes.  Did I mention they wiped the table between courses?My friend was just eh about the third dish, but it was so surprising, I think it was one of my favorites from the whole meal.  The clear, cold tomato gel w/ dashi, scallops, shrimp, okra, and soy sauce powder looked uneventful, but when that get hit the top of my mouth, POW!  That was intense, fresh tomato flavor.  Great dish!The next dish that we devoured was a grilled chicken that came with a charred sweet onion and a little dab of super hot chili pepper.  The chicken skin was crisp and the meat was juicy.  I'm telling you, if people knew how to cook chicken this well, they wouldn't be complaining about eating chicken every day.  Perfect execution.Hands down THE best dish of the night was the foie gras chawanmushi.  The truffle oil, little cube of foie gras (thank you Nevada) and dashi-custard was so rich.  My mouth is salivating just thinking about it. Oh man, make me another, and make it an ostrich size, not that little quail egg.  LOVED it!Another favorite was the steak with garlic, soy, XO sauce, and garlic chips.  The Hennessy flambe was poured on top of the hot rocks at the table.  Great presentation, and fabulous flavor!We weren't sure if all 15 courses would be savory or if there would be a dessert.  Well, it turned out that there were two parts to our dessert.  First was a yuzu custard brulee with tangerine sorbet & whipped cream.  THAT was a great combination. I loved the tart tangerine with the sweet cream and the smooth custard with the crunch of the melted sugar.  Nice and refreshing. The second part of dessert was a sweet sake topped with heavy cream.  My friend exclaimed that it was, "The best sake ever!"As with all tasting menus, there were standout dishes that I couldn't wait to tell people about.  There were several dishes that were good, not bad, but not great, and there were a couple that were okay, but we wouldn't necessarily order them on their own.  There was only one dish that we absolutely did not like.  Our dinner at Raku was great.  This was only my friend's second tasting menu ever, and he enjoyed it.  I've had way more expensive meals on the strip that didn't satisfy as much as Raku.  The food was delicious, service was on point, and our entire experience was excellent.  Andrew even told us to make sure I use the same contact information when I make my next reservation, so they can make sure we get different dishes.  I don't think that'll be necessary.  Next time I'm coming and ordering ala carte.  Have you looked at their menu?  There are so many yummy sounding dishes.  Plus, I can get a whole bowl of that foie gras chawanmushi!  Yum!
4	Service has gone downhill considerably since Riae left as manager but still amazing food and very fairly priced. Foie gras udon? yes please!
5	They make their own tofu. It doesnt get any better than that. This is my Vegas go to for sushi, no where can compare! The food is innovative, fun, the atmosphere and service are excellent. My first of many experiences at raku was at their sake tasting which was extremely affordable - it was under $100 for two people, drinks and all. Food was delicious and very filling. Came here on my next Vegas adventure and voila, another tasting! (good timing I guess). Third visit not so lucky, but ordering a la carte is where the fun is at! Their grilled food is the best you will ever find anywhere, so tender and perfectly executed. Desserts are good except there are better places especially on the strip but I come here for the food. Relatively innexpensive food, good sake, VEGAS!
5	Stumbled upon this gem when we attempted to drop into Kabuto without a reservation.Incredibly fresh sushi, great specials -which were presented to us on a chalk board and explained one by one. Robata is great too. Must get the yellow tail collar, lamb chops, asparagus & bacon. Everything we ordered was presented beautifully, and explained in detailBut the best part was sitting at the bar watching the sushi chef prepare dishes for others Omakase. He's a true artist, and even made a couple of treats for us that we hadn't ordered. I can not wait to go again and get the Omakase, they suggest making a reservation about 3 days ahead of time for this. Open 6PM-3AM!!!!Oh and on a side note... Make sure to visit the restroom. It's BY FAR the most enjoyable public restroom I have ever had the chance to experience! NO JOKE! A rose petal path will lead you to the the yoilet, where you can take care of business and enjoy the tranquil atmosphere and lovely birds chirping.
4	Following other postings, I made my reservations plenty early (10 days ahead).  Service was good.  They did take the time to explain the whole specials menu from which we picked 3-4 items and the rest from the regular menu.  Surprisingly, some of the simpliest dishes were the best including bacon wrapped tamatoes and mushrooms.  I had the poached egg with ikura and uni just to try something on the expensive side.  Good but not much more spetacular than what you'd expect from such ingredients.  The stars of the night was the lamb chops, kurobota pork cheeks, and agedashi tofu...in that order.  Everything else was still good but I may come back next time and get nothing but lamb chops.    Will definitely go again as there were plenty on the menu still to be tried.
5	Wish we could visit here more often....We spend too much money when we do though because everything is good....Salmon Kamameshi is a must have!!! I believe that even thouse who do not enjoy salmon can enjoy Salmon Kamameshi.  Foie Gras is distinctly Japanese and very well done. House made Agedashi Tofu melts in your month. You can tell their dashi and house made Tofu are very good. This is not the place to go if you are in the hurry or if you are looking for a standard American-Japanese restaurant. Everything about this restaurant is wonderful except a not-so-friendly manager lady. I try to ignore the fact but it annoys me sometimes.
5	i can't believe i finallymade it here. every time we go to Vegas i want to eat here and we ususally get sooooo f*cked up we never make it. it has to be one of the top 10 restaurants i've ever been to. the service was perfect, the food was perfect and the the bathrooms were works of art. i beleive we got at least one of everything on the menu that wasn't seafood.....i don't do seafood. we must have gotten at least 3-4orders of foie fras---never had it grilled beforeand it was awesome. i guess they import thier charcoal from japan (and use pieces of it for chop stick rests too). they also import 3-4 soy sauces from japan and blend them, we were drinking the stuff! man did we all swell the next day, but it was worth it. from now on we're going here everytime i'm in Vegas!
5	This hidden epicurean heaven on earth is a must eat-return-eat-return-eat-... Fantastic 5 star tasting experience. Tough reservation though, but don't give up... It worth the effort.
5	This place is something of a rarity because I've never had anything like it. Upscale Japanese tapas. Words that usually do not go together.I'll just let you know what I've had so you can understand this magical journey.1. Portabella mushroom stuffed with chicken - exactly as it says. it is a mushroom with chicken in it. Just one. You will want 10.2. Beef with garlic - again, nothing cryptic here. exactly what it says it is. little cubes of beef, with a slice of garlic. Perfectly cooked. Perfect flavor.3. Agedashi tofu - if you like tofu, you absolutely must try this. By far, the best agedashi tofu I've had in the city. Fried just right and in a perfect sauce. Simple and distinct flavors.Perfect for any foodie. This would make an excellent 2nd date spot (assuming you really like each other). Just don't come starving, and eat slowly.
2	The food was amazing and the decor matched the menu.... upscale yet comfortable. It's such a disappointment  that the front of the house service was severely lacking on our visit. I've been in many restaurants that give you a time limit on dining but this usually means they will expedite the service so that you can comfortably enjoy your meal within the given time frame. We were allowed 90 minutes to order and eat. We ordered within 10 minutes of arriving and 15 minutes after that, some of the smaller dishes began rolling out. The first few bites of crunchy asparagus, bacon enoki mushroom, homemade tofu was delicious! We realized shortly after that our food just stopped coming.... all the while the food for the parties surrounding us (who ordered their food after us) were getting their food in a timely manner. We had to ask several wait staff about our food as we only had 40 minutes left to eat.Although the food started arriving at our table, there was no apology nor reason given for the delay. They also forgot my food and said something like "the kitchen is backed up" which I usually am very understanding about but the food for everyone else was coming out with no problem. By the time it arrived, I had 5 minutes to eat (they said they extened our allowed time for 30 minutes because of this).We had to ask 5 times to get 1 water refilled and althought they walked around the dining room with pitchers tending to other guests, it seems they kept forgetting to come around the our corner. My friend's wather glass was bone dry while other tables had their glasses routinely refilled. Because the food was so good, maybe I'd go again but there seems to be so much better options in the immediate area that I'd hate to waste valuable vacation time...
4	Over-rated. I had heard about this place for months. The Best part about it was the toilet. Now dont get me wrong, the food was good, but not blow my mind incredible. The place is very small, so seating is difficult sometimes. I am not certain I would rush to go back there, but I would go again to try and change my mind. I was just looking for a bit more out of all of the experience. Tongue was good though.
5	Excellent!.. very unique and a must go to if you're a foodie and you find yourself in Las Vegas. Delicious and thoughtful food.
3	I've been reading all the wonderful reviews and great press that Raku has gotten and have been dreaming of visiting for about 3 years. Finally, for my birthday this year, I got my husband to take me.We made reservations, and it's a good thing we did because the restaurant is tiny - like maybe 20 diners can sit down at tables and 4 more at the bar, tiny. We got an early table (hey, we have a little baby at home!) and we saw two groups come and leave because they couldn't get a table.First, the drinks: an excellent selection of sake with a very informative menu, and a handful of bottled Japanese beers (and not just Asahi, either!). We both had new beers and they were both good; prices were average ($7-8).For our meal, we started with the oft-reviewed hot and cold tofus. I thought the cold was really delicious, and the green tea salt and house soy sauce really made the dish pop. The hot was just meh. We didn't finish it. My husband is a miso soup lover, so he got a bowl of it and it was good, but just miso soup. It was packed with tofu, so after that, we were feeling kinda tofu-ed out. Next up were the specials (a blue-fin tuna and a yellowtail dish). They were both really good and the dishes completely came together with all the accompaniments. I always like blue-fin tuna and yellowtail, but these dishes were a cut above. Almost up to Nobu status, I think. Then we branched out with something kind of adventurous - uni with poached egg and salmon roe. Wow, it was so mushy and runny, I had to force down the second bite - ew (but that's just me). Finally, we got the juicy fried chicken (good, but not the best fried chicken I've had by a long shot) and the skewers of duck (thumbs up for that one). The final bill came out to about $135 with tip.My overall thought is that it's good and I'm really glad I went to experience it once, but I'll probably never go back since I didn't love all the food and it's expensive. Also, I'm not sure, but I may not be cut out to eat the food they actually eat in Japan.
5	Awesome.
3	Well I have been going to Raku for Years, it is one of my favorite restaurants but my recent visit I ended up waiting over an hour in an empty restaurant.  I know they have reservations they need to take care of but im not joking 1 table had people at it.  I feel they could have sat me down and I could have ordered my Three favorite things and been gone before anyone else sat down.  The food is always great but they need to work on taking care of the people who are in their restaurant rather than waiting for their fans that may show up.
4	i went here for dinner with my friends..it is an awesome restaurant..i love it..the staff are very friendly and they recommend all the good things...i love the foie gras especially...the kobe beef tendon was also nice. the fish i guess almost all of it taste good..the crab also very delicious..everything is super fresh and good!CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!!
5	I got nothing to say that hasnt already been said a million times; my all time favorite!!!
1	The food was really good! Robata Kobe with wasabi just melted in my mouth! My favorite was the enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon... However the service was horrible! The server we started of with  was so monotone. I thought at first it was just us at first but we heard him talk to other tables around us, he sounded the same. Although he did have a little bit more enthusiasm with the table next to us. He checked on everyone else but us only to take our order and when we did called him over. I tried to even give them a bit of time to come, i understood that they were bz.It took us 20 minutes to get our check, only bc I had finally grab someone's attention. And she cleared our table first before getting our check, which took another ten minutes on top of the 20 it took to get someone over!! I brought my children and I felt like they stereo typed us ahead of time bc of that. We always leave 18-20% grat.  Sometimes even more! But they set themselves for this one! I work in service myself and I would never treat anyone like this! Correct me if I'm wrong!! The women servers were nice though!
2	Enjoyed the food and talk about huge oysters!! But the service was horrible servers to mangers had attitudes, and every time we needed something it was always hold on, and then they forget. I understand it's a small joint and could be busy, but just because you know your food is good doesn't mean that your service had to be bad.
5	Eaten here multiple times.  It never dissapoints.  I would go into detail, but they clearly know what they are doing right, and they are doing it consistently.  Go there and find out for yourself.  Make reservations.
5	I totally got lucky getting a table last night.  I called at 6pm as soon as they opened to make a reservation for 3 but I was told the next table won't be available until 9pm or I can sit at the bar.  When we got there at 6:05pm, the hostess was getting ready to seat us at the bar when I noticed there were some empty tables so I asked...rather, I manipulated the hostess to give me a table. I knew exactly what I wanted to order off the menu but got suckered into getting the specials as well.  We got the sea bass sashimi, blue fin tuna sashimi, scallops, yellowtail, bacon-wrapped asparagus, bacon-wrapped enoki mushrooms, pork cheek, Kobe beef with garlic, Kobe beef with wasabi and salmon with ikura oroshi.  Each dish came one at a time in nice serving dishes.  Everything we ate was absolutely fantastic.  None was too salty. Each piece of fish and each piece of beef were flavorful on their own instead of being over-seasoned.  The wasabi on the Kobe beef wasn't clear-your-nostrils strong - it was mild and delicate.  I don't think they serve rice but with food so good, you wouldn't mind.  We ended our meal with a green tea creme brulee topped with green tea ice cream, whipped cream and raspberry, and a fluffy cheesecake.  The green tea creme brulee was a good portion but it was so good.  It was creamy and you can really taste matcha, I wanted some more.Service is good.  The servers leave you alone after bringing your food instead of asking you "is everything ok?" every 5 minutes.Raku is small and isn't a place where you can go when you're craving for something so you just show up.  I just so happen to have a gift of persuasion that's why I got a table without making a reservation so, reserve a table at least 3 days in advance.  Also, be prepared to shell out a bit of money.  Dinner for 3 last night was $178 + tip.  With all that being said, I give Raku 5 ninja stars.
5	When the lights go out on The Strip, where do the chefs and restaurant staff go to eat?Raku! Well what can I say? Obviously, people working in the restaurant industry have very good and discerning taste. If you come to Raku expecting to eat maki rolls, you will be disappointed. Japanese cuisine is so much more beyond maki rolls. No, Japanese don't eat sushi everyday.Raku has many items as part of the daily special that are written on a portable blackboard. Our server brought the board to our table and went through each of them. We ended up ordering many items from the specials because they were too good to pass up on.Highlights from the specials:*Seigo (Japanese sea bass)*Choose 2 out of 3 methods of preparation: sashimi, grilled, fried.The order is for a whole fish. Based on our chosen method of sashimi and grilled, half of it was delicately sliced into sashimi. The other half was grilled to perfection (head and tail included)*Bai gai (Japanese sea snail)*Such beautiful snail shells! Our server told us that the snails are first cooked for 7-8 hrs until tender and then they are steamed to order.*Kushi (Kobe beef tongue)*Small pieces came on a yakitori stick. Drizzled with intensely flavorful sauce.*Kakuni (pork belly)*Braised until very tender. We ate up both meat and fat without guilt.Items we ordered from the regular menu which were equally amazing:*Raku Tofu*This is their signature housemade tofu. Our server told us that Raku makes their tofu fresh everyday. The tofu was unlike any other we've had. The texture was extremely creamy. It is meant to be sprinkled with some green tea salt made with mushroom and seaweed. And then enjoyed with soy sauce, scallions, and bonito flakes.*Agedashi Tofu*Also uses the housemade tofu, slightly fried on the outside, and served with dashi sauce, roe, tiny mushrooms, and Japanese chilli paste on the side.*Juicy fried chicken*This is similar to karaage (deep fried chicken cutlets). The chicken was unbelievably moist and it was fried until it just crossed over from rare to cooked. I don't know how the chefs timed it that well, but it sure prevented an overcooked and dry meat.*Oden (fish cakes)*We selected several types of fish cakes that were served in dashi broth. Other items we chose were daikon and pork intestines. Oden is especially popular in winter in Japan.If you're visiting Vegas and have no access to a car like us, we hopped into a cab from our hotel and Raku is just a short ride away. We called for a cab after we were done with dinner. No hassle. Make reservations!
5	I'll make this brief, because one of the previous reviewers just wrote a very comprehensive review of this little gem of a restaurant! The housemade tofu is a revelation! First try it with the special Hokkaido sea salt blend, and then with the shredded bonito and scallions and ginger, with a little bit of the homemade soy sauce drizzled on top. Wow!We tried dishes from all across the menu, from the asparagus okaki (fried with a crispy panko? crust) to the delicious kobe skewers -- thank you previous reviewer, you were so right about that beef -- to the whole fish prepared two ways. We chose sea bream, a very small, delicately flavored fish. It came sashimi'd first, then the other half of the fish was grilled. Beyond delicious.My kids are so jealous because Raku had grilled rice balls, a real country-style treat that we used to have all the time when they were children. Yum!The service and atmosphere were wonderful. We sat in a kaiseiki room, which was an intimate dark wood booth. Clientele ranged from locals (we overheard the staff greeting a regular saying they were worried because he always came in at 9 PM and he was a few minutes late!) to a group of Japanese businessmen to a couple with a young baby. All were treated excellently and all seemed to really enjoy their experience at Raku. We will be back.Note: it is a small restaurant, with about a dozen tables, so be sure to call in advance for reservations. It is a short taxi ride from the Strip hotels, and the staff at the restaurant was more than happy to call a taxi for us at the end of our meal.
5	It's the bomb.  I went there twice and kept thinking about the food.  I can't wait to go there again.  Every time I brought friends there, they were blown out of the water too.  Make sure you order out from the board.  Their sashimi is to die for.  Order the blue fin tuna, it melts in my mouth.  They are always busy though.  Expect a wait, unless you make reservation ahead of time.  If you have a party of 5 and more, they make you have the fixed menu, so I always make sure I come in as 4 or less so I can order a la carte.  The lamb does not have any gamy taste.  The skewed chicken is great.  I like the fried fish that looks like french fries, and taste like if not better than french fries.Strongly recomm this restaurant.  Don't expect sushi, they even scold you if you ever think about sushi walking into this restaurant.  Because they offer something way superior than sushi.
5	I always get the beef tendon, uni with ikura, foie and rice bowl, and anything different from the chalkboard specials that the server goes over at the table.the agedashi tofu is a must as well!
5	There are certain times in life when food takes center stage.Ladies, and Gents...Raku is beyond that.I popped in on a whim the other night. Countless coworkers would tell me about how this was the BEST restaurant in all of Las Vegas. I took it for granted, because people always say that about one restaurant or another. I guess I had to experience it for myself.A friend and I stopped in without a reservation last week. It's a small restaurant and each of the tables (but one) was occupied. The dining room is small. It may remind you of the dining scene in San Francisco or New York City. The kind of place that begs for your attention through it's subtle exterior.After a short wait, we were seated at a nice table.We ordered:-Agadashi Tofu -- So perfect and so good!-House Tofu -- Also amazing. Next time I'd probably get half and half with Agadashi.-Black Cod -- Better than Nobu. This was off the seasonal Fish menu.-Crispy Asparagus -- Perfectly cooked, crunchy, crispy delicious.-Fried Shrimp -- Delicious. These are full shrimp. Don't get grossed out by the shrimp heads.-Green Tea Creme Brulee -- The perfect ending to a fantastic meal.Your table will have some seasonings on it. A green tea salt. A chili powder. A sake chili thing. And soy sauce which is incredible and seasoned with plum. Use these seasonings. Mix and match. They tend to provide a different experience with each mixture.This one meal is a Top Five for me. I'm no stranger to food, and good food at that. This is the spot that is a MUST TRY when you are in Vegas.Total Bill for Two -- About 60 bucks.Return Timetable: Immediate.
5	cannot say how amazingly delicious the food is here. everything is grilled to perfection. all the sashimi-related items are fresh and melt in your mouth. of course there are certain things I didn't like as much as the others, but everything was so so good. I cannot wait to come back here again.
5	this is hands down the best restaurant in Las Vegas. You need to try everything on the menu. Resrvations are very hard to get. Call early and in advance.
5	I made reservations for 11PM on Saturday Sept 29th at the last moment. Two friends from Tokyo were in town for one day and I wanted to bring them to the best Japanese restaurant  that I know of, so Raku was my choice.  These two people are very picky, they have hosted lavish dinners for me in Tokyo. The bottom line, we ate our way through the menu for two hours-all beautifully done and wonderfully presented. A nice touch is that Raku has a menu in Japanese and the server spoke both perfect Japanese and English--she grew up in Torrance, CA. Very warm cordial service. The measure of the place was that my friends who visit Las Vegas often asked for cards. One note, if you want a kaiseki dinner, it must be orderedthree days in advance. That is really the ultimate way to experience a restaurant of this caliber.
4	What can I say, the food is wonderful.   I was a bit taken back by the large number of bite size items our group needed just to feel 1/2 full.   I guess if you eat something ahead of time, you should be fine.   All joking aside, this is a great place to enjoy good food.   Do not expect large portions.   Expect to pay a pretty penny.   Expecially if you get the fish.   Is it worth it?  Depends.   If you are starving and on a budget, go somewhere else.   If you are not on a budget, and want to try great bite-size food items, go to Roku.   P.S.  Make a reservation.   Sometimes they make people wait even if there is an open table.  Not sure if they do this to give an impression or not.  But I saw 2 or 3 groups be asked to come back in 40-50 minutes and then be sitted at the same empty table that was there when they arrived.   (I wonder if the chef/owner is an ex-doctor?)
5	Raku is excellent!  I had their 10 course kaiseki.  I called a few weeks in advance to make the reservation.They sat us one of the private rooms.  It was a nice change from the main dining room.  The restaurant is nice and upscale but this is Vegas and there is no dress code so there are people wears shorts and slippers in addition to people in suits, etc.I had an 8pm reservation and got there about 10 minutes early.  They seated us right away.The food was excellent as expected.  It does take a long time to complete the meal since there is some waiting between courses.  Usually the wait is between 5-10 minutes but it can be as long as 20 minutes so hopefully you have some good company.The full meal of 10 courses + dessert took around 3.5 hours.Service was also excellent.  The waiter explained each dish in detail as they were presented to us.My only minor complaint is that I am used to having a macha tea at the end of a nice kaiseki meal and it wasn't present here.  At $100/person for the 10 course, it's a great meal.
5	***The Menu***This restaurant's formal name is "Aburiya Raku," which means "Charcoal Grill House Enjoyment." Indeed, a large portion of the menu is devoted to robatayaki, a form of Japanese charcoal grilling. However, the menu doesn't stop there. Also available are soups, rice dishes, sushi and more. Lastly, Raku has offers kaiseki meals -- like a tasting menu, with a Japanese bent.Raku's specials deserve special mention. There are usually a dozen or so specials listed on a small chalk board. Your server should go over these with you. If not, be sure to ask, as these are some of the best things available. You could easily make a meal from the specials alone.Items arrive as they're ready. There may be a long wait for an item; on the other hand, several items may arrive almost together. When I first went to Raku, I was under the impression it was best to order just a few things at a time, but lately I've been told I might as well order everything at once.***The Atmosphere***Raku is fairly small, with seating for less than 50 people, plus 5 at the bar. It fills up quickly after opening time.Raku is also very plain - not in a bad way, so perhaps a better adjective is "spare." The staff is Japanese; their English may be hard to understand, but they're polite and patient.***The Food***I've eaten at Raku a number of times, and have never been disappointed. Here are some highlights:**Home made tofu half & half. Even if you're not a huge tofu fan, order this. It can easily be shared by two or three people but, pig that I am, I always manage to finish it myself. The tofu is prepared two ways: (1) fried, in broth: a revelation! Great broth: rick, flavorful. Gently fried tofu amazingly had its own flavor.  (2) served fresh - creamy and tasty. Surprisingly good this way, especially with a dash of green tea salt or aged soy sauce. Overall, excellent. This was listed as a special, but has been available every time I asked.**Foie gras with glazed soy robatayaki. A large piece of liver, similar in taste and texture to seared foie gras. As you'd expect, delicious!**Soft custard omelet with scallop. It turned out to be a large portion of soft egg - vaguely like scrambled eggs, but with better flavor - in a small amount of strong but not salty broth. My description isn't the greatest, but the dish was very good.[---the items that follow are specials, but many of them seem to reappear---]**Blue fin tuna. 4 pieces standard type; 5 pieces toro (from collar instead of belly). Both were excellent; toro was especially good.**Live uni. Served in the shell, the roe was of course very good. Underneath was a broth flavored with more sea urchin, plus noodles and a little bit of salmon roe. Both tasty and fun.**Gindara saikyo yaki. This translates to grilled sablefish, but there seems to be some confusion in naming, so it's conceivable it might also be called black cod (although sablefish is not a true cod). In any case, it's mighty tasty! It consisted of a good size slice of firm, white, fatty (in a good way) fish, with a sweet glaze. If it's available, order it.**Whole unagi. Grilled. Half plain with sea salt (eat with soy and wasabi); half with bbq sauce. Better than normal.**Live soft shell crab. Prepared tempura style, the chef got it just right: a very thin layer of crispy batter, covering juicy and flavorful crab.**Ayu kanroni. A small-to-medium-fish, served whole, boiled in soy sauce, sugar and something else; eat the head, fins, skin, everything. Interesting - a bit sweet for my taste, but interesting.**Seafood with bonito guts. An assortment of diced raw fish, salmon roe, uni, and bonito guts. It was a little salty, but quite good - not nearly as exotic as it sounds.**Grilled yellowtail with ground yam. My first taste didn't seem special, but the more I ate the more I liked it. It was rich, and had a small amount of strongly flavored sauce. The ground yam was a good foil. Overall, it got a surprising very good rating.**Sawagani. 6 flash fried crabs. Tasty; a fun snack. So much better than Sushisamba!**Kodai. This might be a young porgy, but don't count on my translation. It was a small whole fish, deep fried, then served in broth; pretty plain. It won't knock your socks off, but if you want something simple, it's worth a try.**Grilled Kobe beef tongue. Obviously not true Kobe beef, but I'll save that rant for another day. It was very fatty, and only a little chewy. Odd, but good.***Summary***If you haven't strayed far from sushi bars, Raku will be a new experience. Even more importantly, it offers some of the best Japanese food around. It's my favorite off-Strip restaurant, and is well worth the effort to get there. Reservations are a must.***The Bill***The cost will vary dramatically, depending upon what you order, and how much you figure. If you're careful, you can spend $50 per person, plus drinks and tip. If you splurge, figure $75 - $100, or even more for the highest priced kaiseki meals.
4	We did a 12 course tasting menu for a friend's birthday. The food is outstanding and fresh.The decor is beautiful and intimate. If you love to be an adventurous when it comes to food you will enjoy Raku!If you aren't into experimenting with relatively exotic foods I don't recommend it. This is not a California roll kind of place. We had some midwesterns with us who paid the $70 person (with drinks) and hated everything we were served.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because I think there are a lot of people that the food won't appeal to (wa-waaa I know, but it's true)
3	The food was good. and fancy. I liked all the cooked meat on sticks and the slices of fish were fresh and had good texture. The abalone was amazing. The pork belly very tender.We got all the specials and the corn potato.That was my favorite.The food came out relitively fast but at the end it took 30 min for the last course.163$ for two people with all the specials.
3	We did a $65 tasting and it was a 15 course meal!  Only thing I didn't like was the grilled ground chicken. Only reason I knocked 2 stars off was because we made a reservation and they made it clear that it would cost us if we were late or didn't show, but we were there early and we got seated 15 minutes past our reservation. At least the food made up for it.
4	Had a splurge dinner here last week.  We were very happy.  They service was good, we didn't have one server, it was kind of a group effort but you never felt forgotten.  Drinks were refilled, food was brought and they made you feel comfortable.  Plus they told us we would have to sit at the counter when we made a reservation, but they gave us a table.  We were pretty happy.Then we just started ordering anything and everything that looked good.  There wasn't really anything we didn't like, the eggplant was way too smoky but I suppose someone might enjoy that.  The house made tofu might have been my favorite thing.  It was all delicious.  Don't forget to get the cheesecake at the end :)  We planned on really splurging and it was less than we thought it would be, I think it was about 130 for both of us including a bottle of sparkling sake and a glass of wine and a beer.  It's definitely a splurge place, I would love to go back in awhile.
4	Definitely this is the best Japanese tapas restaurant IN VEGAS. However, recently, for some reason, the quality of food has gotten a little worse. Did the head chef leave? I don't know. Alcohol beverage used to be much cheaper. Now they are like 'on the Strip' price (some sake is more expensive than these fancy sushi places on the Strip!).Servers here are way far from professionals. Maybe because i ask too many questions. They are nice, tho.But these are only negatives. I like it. I like it way better than these mother fuckin fake Japanese fusion restaurants where all the mother fuckin celebrities who cant even use the fuckin chopsticks properly go (nowadays, all they talk about is Jiro Sushi - why don't you go get a pizza, man). Oops, excuse me. And yes- one more thing- they have special menu on a black board. Waitresses will recommend you no matter what. I suggest you to ask them the price before you order. It could be ridiculously expensive, tho, you may be too drunk to even care at the end. They are all good, tho.Tofu is great. Best part is they serve seasonal things. Ask your server where your fish, uni, and veggie came from. Ask what is seasonal right now (it's now time for Matsutake mushroom,,,).When winter comes, Oden is a great choice.Best part- they don't have Edamame. That's for fakers, you know.Crispy asparagus - yummy!Btw, when you eat, you shouldnt drink unfiltered sake (as apperitive drink, it is ok. It  taste too much, almost too soft and sweet to pair with food - this is a fucking basic rule, dude).Nobody at the restaurant tells you that, but it looks kinda funny.  Strong, crispy clear sake is what you need when you eat Japanese food. No fucking cocktails!
5	One very late night, my posh fiancee has a crave for a japanese food. Seriously?? at 11 pm and you want sushi?? Where can I get a japanese food at 11 pm. But then I remember that I am not in North Dakota anymore, I am in VEgas,,  yay yay!! So a flick on yelp and we arrive at this posh restaurant in the middle of nowhere, kind of like a small hole in a wall with 2000 review. Holy cow, why arent we here yet?So we got in and there are few crowd enjoying their sushi and stuff and the place looks decent and surely can fit the two of us in. OOHHHH NOOOO, they said you have to wait because they want to make sure that everyone are cool and dandy. Dont want to rush the kitchen or the sushi master. Everything have to be hunky dory and flows in perfect chi.So we wait for almost 10 minutes while starving. At the moment when we almost snap and decided lets get out of here and eat somewhere else. The japanese server called us and sit us at the bar/sushi bar. The he proceeds with bringing the black board with chalk writing that reminds me of my highschool all over again and explains to us the special of the night.They got blue fin tuna sashimi that night.. Geezz wizzz, 2 days before I was watching the documentary about how blue fin tuna population is dying and how the japanese people are absolutely decimating the whole blue fin tuna population. I am not supposed to order this. But for once in my life, I wanna try it. So I ordered one order, ate 2 slice and my fiancee gobbled the rest up. It was magnificent.  I try their yakitori steaks, grill chicken were wonderful, duck on skewers was juicy and wonderful. Dang it, make my mouth water and my tummy rumble just typing this dang thing.I wonder when will our next visit be. Hmmmmmm :)
2	I've been to this restaurant before with a client and maybe it was because my client knew the owner, but service was far better and attenative before. We came in about 9pm, and it still had other tables open. But we still had to wait what seemed like forever for just water..then we waited forever to just order..things have changed there and for what your paying, plus the size of the establishment, it should and has been alot better. It used to be a good gem in Las Vegas.
4	Enjoyed the food, the drinks the atmosphere and the service. This one failed us not. Thumbs ups, both of them ups.
5	RAKU! enough said. When you're in LAS VEGAS... you are expecting QUALITY! and this place will deliver...QUALITY above anything else...I was in Vegas on Veterans Day, and I had to check out this place.Reservation is recommended as the place is small on the inside AND the time it takes to get the food can be long because EVERYTHING is made fresh.Gottta try: The KOBE BEEF filletKobe Beef Tendon!PORK CHEEKS!PORK EARS!!! Grilled DUCKButter Sauteed Scallop with soy sauce!!! LIKE BUTTERRGrilled SalmonMELTIN Creamy CHOCOLATE CAKE IS A MUST!!I dont eat sashimi so I cant comment on that, but their fish are the best quality ever.Cons: Pricey for sure....small dinning roomMUST TRY... CANT WAIT TO COME BACKKKK
5	This was probably some of the finest food I have eaten. I tried some combinations of things I had never had. Uni with quail egg and salmon roe with some crunchy rice of some sort remains in my memory. What a combination of textures. This is a standout restaurant in a town that has some of the finest dining in the country.
5	Amazing, just as good as downtown Tokyo....every time I am in Vegas I eat here. It is tricky to get a reservation, good luck!
5	This place blew me away, all their sashimi shipped straight from Japan overnight. Gotta tried their blue fine toro and kanpachi, sushi were sweet thst melt in your mouth to the point that no soy sauce was needed. I would also recommend their waygue beef sukiyaki, a+ fresh beef enough said! Service was excellent as well, server were very helpful on explaining everything , A pit pricey but worth it.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!! my favorite Japanese restaurant in LV by far!!! You have to make a reservation 3-4 days prior to your arrival. When u enter the restaurant you immeditaly see the open sushi bar with a little peak hole window into the kitchen. The hostess seated us at the bar, and quickly we were asked for our drinks. I order anything and EVERYTHING on the menu that has uni in it. if u get a chance, and u ARE AN UNI LOVER. you MUST TRY THE PREMIUM UNI, its so cold, so sweet, and succulent..... its so good i can cry!!lol we ordered a vierty of grilled meats, such as the kobe beef with wasabi, the grilled pork ears, grilled froi gras (OMG! MUST HAVE).. i ordered so much stuff i cant really remember everything.. but here's a few items on the menu i do remember being MUST HAVES ON THE MENU!!: PREMIUM UNI, LIVE UNI W/ SOBA NOODLES, FROI GRAS COLD SOBA, FROI GRAS CUSTARD, KOBE BEEF WASABAI & GARLIC, BLUE FIN TUNA (when in season), GRILLED FROI GRAS, AGADASHI TOFU 2 WAYS, LAMP CHOPS, KOBE BEEF TENDON.... almost everything on the menu was GREAT!!
5	went on a date here once. everything we ordered from the robata grill was amazing.i honestly dont remember what i ordered since we ordered so many things.the presentation and flavors were balanced very well.the only thing that wasnt amazing was the bill... but that was expected. =P
3	Unfortunately, a less than stellar late night experience.  But they *are* open pretty late.The sake list is extensive, and they also have a few interesting Japanese craft brews in bottles.They were out of tofu that late at night - be warned.Grilled items - the beef liver is strongly flavored, foie gras was good and not over-grilled, the prawn was nicely done, some of the best tsukune we've had.A special kinmedai sashimi dish was surprisingly expensive and just okay.Foie Chawanmushi was fine - though not particularly strongly flavored.  We had one transcendent one ... just once ... at a Morimoto that we are always trying to recapture, and this is not it.  Chazuke was again, fine, but not surprising.Cheesecake for dessert - the last piece - adequate.Service was at first attentive, but lapsed as the night wore on and the staff became more concerned with their closing prep than the customer experience.  It was difficult to make our last orders and get our bill, though the place was supposedly still open.Overall, this wasn't quite the excellent experience that others have reported.
5	Raku is out of this world.  Best of the best !
5	This was on our to try list when we went to Vegas.  We heard about this restaurant on one of the food channels and had to try!  We went on our first day in Vegas.  We didn't make a reservation thinking that we would get in no problem.  When we got to Raku, the hostess said that the next opening they had was at 1 AM, but they did have a 6:30 reservation that hadn't showed up yet.  She said that we could wait and if they didn't show in another 5 to 10 mins, then we could take it.  We decided to wait and crossed our fingers that the other people wouldn't show.  And as luck had it, we were able to get a table!Raku is small, with about 10 tables, some bar seating, and a private room seating.  We ordered the famous cold tofu, hot tofu, grouper special, pork belly skewer, Kobe beef skewer with wasabi, salmon skewer, lamb chop, and molten chocolate lava cake.  All of the food was awesome!  Raku was the best restaurant we went to while in Vegas.  We are definitely going back and making reservations well ahead of time!
5	Japanese in  Las Vegas?  Okay, let's give it a try-I thought.  So I went.  Very good Izakaya.  The chefs are trained by the head chef who has major skilss from Japan and from being a chef at Megu.  Megu to me is a bit more flash than elegance, but here I go.  Many things were very good, with a few minor disapointments. The head chef was trained in kaiseki which is amongst the highest forms of Japanese cuisine.  ROBATA:  Kurubuta pork cheak-this was great, with a real charcoal flavor from what I suspect is authentic Japanese charcoal.  This pork cheak was more tough than some, but was a wonderful texture and flavor. Kobe beef liver;  I am not a big liver fan, but this was great.  Usually well done cooking destroys kobe beef, but not here.  Kobe tendon-this was the best tendon I have ever had.  I think it was braised first or something to soften the toughness.  It was rich and buttery with delicious flavor of soyu and mirin. Chicken skin and breast meet-This was so-so-breast meet tends to be a bit dry and so it was here.  I would have preferred a greater array of chicken choices than this-perhaps chicken skin alone, or wish bone, or something much more exotic. ODEN: Pork intestine:  Great flavors.  Very earthy and comfoting. I think the soup needed a bit more mustard for my taste, but I could easily have asked. Daikon:  What's to say here.SASHIMI:  Japanese sea bass;  okay, but not out of this world.  Fish wasn't as flavorful or well textured as I would have liked.GREEN TEA SOBA: This soba came pre-dressed, so there wasn't a dipping sauce.  The texture was perfect-cold and firm. I had to ask for some wasabe for what seemed to me to be some needed balance, but perhaps I don't properly understand this dish.VEGETABLES IN PONZU: Very nice, the ponzu seemed to use real yuzu, instead of lemon.  There was a bit too much of the dried bonito on top.  It sounds like they get very very good bonito from Japan.  Would have loved to try the miso soup to see. SOYU:  Their recipe for soyu had a bit too much mirin or sugar for my taste.  Reminded me of Megu, and I have always sort of wondered if Megu isn't a bit Americanized. WASABE:  Wasn't the usual fake stuff of sushi houses; it was the frozen stuff from the Pacific Northwest which is quite good. There was probably more.  The assistant chef-who works in the front of the bar- was quite well trained in the U.S., though he was Japanese.  The chef owner was in the back cooking, while this chef was at the bar preparing food.  Didn't have the deep food knowlege of a major chef, but was quite good nonetheless.  The sake was very decent and reasonably priced.   THere were supporting chefs who were latin american or MExican.  This place is really worthwhile, and it can be very hard to get into. The chef has some serious skills and trains his people quite well.  Consider a "kaiseki" meal here if you go.  Probably nice to see what the chef can do with that.
5	Chicken wrapped in chicken breast...    Wow...
5	WOW. Might as well write 456! This place is AWESOME! Our group of six got the 10 course meal and many prime bottles of Sake. By the time the 5th dish came out, I was in an euphoric state only rivaled by opiates. It was probably the most interesting, creative and delicious [Japanese] meal I have ever had. The only sushi restaurant that could compare to my experience is Mahi in Seal Beach. I cannot wait to get back to Raku!
5	How do we celebrate end of semester?  By eating, of course!  Nick actually had a dream about Raku the night before - guess you can imagine how much we were looking forward to it.A pitcher of Soporo and Raku tofu started us off nicely.  We've learned to order a bunch of stuff right from the start and then add a bit as we go for the best rhythm.  From the board:  shrimp dumplings were beautifully delicate and oh-so-slightly seasoned; the pork ribs performed exactly as described (to tender they fell off the bone), and the whole fish (sorry, can't remember the name) was super fresh and delicate.My regular grilled must-haves:  tomatoes, pork cheek, juicy fried chicken (no green chilies tonight - sad face).Sashimi salad is always a treat, and the fried shrimp are crunchy goodness (yes, head to almost tail).  Mmmm....
5	Loved the foie gras yakitori (since CA banned it, this is heaven!), age tofu was out of this world and they made the tofu in house fresh, topped with ikura and seaweed and the broth was just nice, not too salty or sweet. Very delicate! Poached egg with sea urchin and ikura was very tasty and super duper fresh! Chicken teba wing was juicy and crispy on the outside, nice. Kurobuta pork cheek was the best, tender and not too salty, and crispy. Oden was just ok, I had better one. The butter sauteed scallop with soy sauce was devine (a bit small for $7). We came at 11:30 midnight because they were super small and busy. A lot of items were sold out, so bummed. We wanted to try the juicy fried chicken, steamed foie gras egg custard, kobe beef tongue, oyakodon, green soba, the little hot pot on small fire stove, and crispy fried shrimp. Oh, they had 2 bathrooms, the prettiest I have ever seen! The sea ocean theme with aquarium and nice ocean ceiling, lighting and wall, and nice bedat seat. The other bathroom was a jungle theme with rose petals, big tree trunk and leaves flowers ceiling, with bird chipping music, so soothing! A definite must try in Vegas!!!!
1	Very bad bad service.  We make reservation here however we still waiting for the seat, food... After we finish the food, they didn't  take any dish until we ask them clean the table.  The service it's very slow.  We try to order some food showing on yelp photo.  She told me not in the menu. Today's special didn't showing the price until we got the bill.
3	3 stars: A-OKI enjoy eating off the strip. I have it in my mind that a James Beard nominee has the culinary chops to prepare a very nice meal. What I fail to recognize every time I got to a small, local joint is that what separates the great chefs from the good chefs is the ability to monetize their skills through a combination of culinary skill and inspiration and business savvy and the boring, technical aspects of running a restaurant. If you watch Top Chef, this is the reason why "Restaurant Wars" always exposes the contestants as amateurs who resemble chickens running around with their heads cut off.This is also why there are so many good chefs out there who can't seem to get their restaurant working right. They cook well, brilliantly even, but just don't know how to run a restaurant. Dining here was almost a surreal experience.We had early dinner reservations, and despite a nearly empty restaurant (which isn't all that big) it took several employees several minutes to get our party of two seated. It was kind of a comical process that involved a lot of people scurrying around and talking in their "inside" voices. Having studied the menu prior, we knew what we wanted, and ordering wasn't too difficult, but receiving the items we ordered turned out to be a bit of a crap shoot.The tofu, we were told is homemade, and was texturally interesting, but not as rich flavor-wise as other homemade tofus I've eaten.The robata items, of which there are many, were excellent.Our favorites were:- Kobe beef with wasabi- Duck- Foie Gras- Enoki mushroom with baconThey do have some specials that are not on the menu.. They had a seared tuna appetizer which we ordered, but were not particularly impressed with. It was sesame crusted and something you might see at a PF Chang happy hour. We enjoyed the food, but the service was definitely uneven. Wrong items coming out, items we ordered not coming out, items we ordered once coming out twice, you name it, it happened. While we were eating the restaurant did fill up, and there were some random walk-ins who came in, looked around, then left, and there was one homeless woman who walked in, asked if it was a sushi bar, was told it was not (though they do have a sushi bar) and she subsequently left.It's located in a strip mall, so it's kind of an unassuming place.Maybe not a good spot to impress a date, but the food's good, if she's one of those don't judge a book by its cover types? 4 stars for food, 2 stars for service and experience, so Raku is a 3.
1	This restaurant was on my must hit list in Las Vegas.  My husband did the reservation two weeks ago.  We sent two kids to Kids Quest in Sunset Station and prepared to have a feast there.  We were told by the restaurant that if we didn't  go there right at the reservation time, seats won't be reserved for us and also that we would only have an hour and half to eat.   We came in the restaurant right on our reservation time 6:30 P.M.  We looked at the menu and ordered our food.  Our first course came 5 minutes later.  Homemade tofu was very good.  The texture was almost like light cheese cake.  We were pretty happy.  Then after that, everything went weird.  We sat there for half an hour and nothing else came out.  My husband started to ask what was going on.  We asked 3 waitresses and they all said  they would go back and checked in the kitchen for us.  But we just saw them ran around and chatted with each other but without seeing any food coming out for us afterwards.  Finally when we waited 45 minutes without any food being served, my husband asked the manager out and talked to her seriously about the extremely slow service.  She apologized and promised to check and have food come out quickly.  Then she came back 5 minutes later and said all our food was on the grill now.  OK, I wondered where our order had been before.  Then in another 15 minutes, all our food came out.  We had to rush to eat since we had to go pick up our kids at Kids Quest due to Nevada kids care time limitation.  We sat there gulping our food down.  I did notice the apple marinated lamb chop was still a bit raw at the part connecting the bone.  But I didn't mind too much at the time.  We left there with a $123 bill plus 15% tip.  Although we had bad service experience, I didn't want to blame too much on the waitress, especially during Christmas time.   That night went on OK and we were prepared to leave Las Vegas the next day.  I woke up next morning and felt very uncomfortable.  I started vomiting and became very weak.  I drank some water and vomited again.  Then my husband woke up and he had bad diarrhea.  In short, we were both sick with bad food poisoning and vomiting and diarrhea continued whole day.  We didn't know exactly which course was the reason for food poisoning but I doubt it was caused by that not fully cooked lamb chop.  You can imagine our pain in the airplane with bad stomach and two young kids.  No more, no more we will ever go to that restaurant again.  And since we checked Yelp and saw another guy with food poisoning experience before and being totally neglected by the owner, I didn't want to bother to contact them.  After all, I am still sick from full day vomiting.
5	recently dined here and god damn it is freaking awesome Ordered: aji shima, kobe with garlic, house tofu half fried / half regular, sashimi salad, foie gras, enoki with bacon, rice ball with salmon broth, green tea creme brulee.everything was delicious and the dessert - green tea creme brulee was just amazing the custard was also green tea! it is a MUST i will be back here again!
5	Great spot -- definitely worth a short trip from the Strip.I had pretty high expectations going on, but those expectations were actually exceeded. There are so many dishes that I would still love to come back and try, but my favorites were:Uni with salmon roe and poached eggYellowtail carpaccioKobe filet with wasabiUdon with foie gras custardOyakodonThe hot and cold tofus were also excellent. Prices are very reasonable given the quality.Call in advance for reservations!
3	1 less star for not able to order half of the stuff on the menu?!  We thought this place is open until 3am?  Granted it was late at 12:30pm (with reservation), but about 75% of the stuff we ordered they ran out ofAnother star off for lack of service and charged us wrong at the end, took them another 20 some minutes to correct that and got back to us.Food was above average, but really not that good.  Especially when were just had Kabuto in the same shopping center few nights before.  I would def do Kabuto over this place.  Granted, also different types of (Japanese) food.
5	Wow, this place was worth the wait, and by that I mean 12 a.m. on a Saturday morning! Even though I was getting sleepy, the food woke me up right away. My favorites were the tofu (two ways), the butter scallop, the enoki mushroom, the sukiyaki (a special of the night for $40), and the whole fish done two ways ($30). I say favorites but that was pretty much all that the two of us had! We wanted to try more but were so stuffed; next time, we are definitely bringing more people so we can try more things!
4	Just the fact that we dropped in at 10pm on a whim and the fact that they were able to seat us within the next 5 minutes were certainly deserving of star in its own. We are no strangers to this type of cuisine, so we were excited to see if the hype surrounding Raku is legit. Ordered a little bit of everything: agedashi tofu, kobe beef liver, pork cheek, pork ear, duck w/ balsamic soy sauce, foie gras w/ soy sauce, buttered scallop w/ soy sauce, sea urchin w/ seaweed soup, and a couple of their sashimi specials. Everything was delicious and well-presented! Timing was a little bit off and the service kind of dwindled down. It was going great at the beginning, but there was a bit of a wait for the rest of our orders, then they all came at the same time. We didn't really care at the time, but for me, it's all about the details. Also, I thought the specials, while certainly fresh and top quality, were still a tad expensive compared to what I had in the past. Next time, we'll probably stick to the menu and save my sashimi cravings when I'm in Kabuto.
4	One star off for the service. The group next to mine had the waitress at there table 4 times for every time they came to ours. Granted they were busy but I get the feeling that they are always busy. I want to take a half star off because of the price being a bit much for some of the items. Beware of the specialty items they are not given prices unless you ask and they can be surprising when you see the bill. All that being said the food is good. The Bluefin toro was fresh and well portioned. The scallops were awesome and so was the foie gras. I wish I could just order anything on their menu with the fois gras spread on it. :) The green tea brulee was ok nothing extraordinary. The Saki list is amazing and has a good variety of prices to it. Oh and the agedashi tofu is a must! It takes awhile to prepare but well worth it!
5	Raku should be synonymous with mastered the technique cooking.True Japanese, true skill, and too tasty!What you should good ranking:1. Yellow-tail2. Sashimi Salad3. Foie Gras Custard4. Home Made Tofu(half fried/natural)5. Kobe Beef Garlic 6. Green Tea Creme Brulee7. Pork Ears8. Grilled Asparagus9. Grilled Mushroom10. Deep Fried Chicken
5	Some of the best food I've had in Vegas. The food was delicious and the staff was very helpful in helping us decide on what to order. The menu and ingredients are very unique. I will never come to Vegas again without visiting Raku.
5	This is Part II of my Japanese Double Dinner in Vegas.Second stop: RakuSo after my first dinner at Trattoria Nakamura-Ya in Part I (http://bit.ly/WueK9g), I had my second dinner with my friends at Raku just a few doors down!This was my second visit to Raku and I must say it was even better than the first!! Being from California, we came here with one mission.  Order hella foie gras!!!Well we came and we conquered!!Raku Tofuhttp://bit.ly/WcmXzaThis is a must order every time you come here!  It's so creamy.  You can tell they take a lot of pride in their tofu making craftEnoki Mushroomshttp://bit.ly/WpawPX (Pic from my last visit)When I go to any izakaya house, this is always a default order for me.  Especially since it's wrapped in bacon!!  Raku's is nicely done!!Yellowtail Carpacciohttp://bit.ly/VkP0ugVery fresh and tasty Yellowtail!Negitoro Specialhttp://bit.ly/WLd2OxFatty Tuna Belly at it's finest! Foie Gras Custardhttp://bit.ly/118rMwADon't know what to say about this one.  Very cold, but who cares, it's freaking Foie Gras!!!Kobe Beef with Garlic Skewershttp://bit.ly/WpaIyB (Pic from my last visit)Mmm.....Kobe Beef!!!  This was the a great lead in to the finale.....Foie Gras Skewers for the Table!!!http://bit.ly/VkkoqZOH MAN!!!  Food porn galore!  Here's a close up of this indulgence skewered on two sticks(http://bit.ly/WudzGP).  Oh yeah!  I loved how they saved the best for last!Green Tea Creme Bruleehttp://bit.ly/VOpiOYOkay so it wasn't entirely the last dish.  We did have dessert and while it wasn't Foie Gras, it was a very refreshing Green Tea Creme Brulee with Green Tea Ice Cream.What can I say?  Raku is amazing!  Even in the bay area, I don't think there's another izakaya restaurant that can compare to it.  I'll definitely be back again soon!
5	Raku broke through the glass ceiling of my expectations of what a great meal is in Las Vegas. My companion and I made reservations on a Saturday night and there were no open ones until 9:30 - I would recommend reservations early as the waitress said that she couldn't see any open seats when we called at 6. Upon walking in we were told to sit at some high chairs near the back while we waited for a table to be cleared. We examined the room, noting the cleanliness and deliberateness of the space and after a minute or two were taken to a table. With some cash to blow and empty stomachs to fill we began to pick out some things on the menu that instantly caught our eye - Sashimi Salad, Yellow-tail Carpaccio, Juicy Fried Chicken, a Miso Soup (I always have to order one), Kobe Beef Skirt with garlic, Scallop with Soy Sauce, Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce, and Mushrooms to start off the night.The food came out in a more logical way than we ordered it. First, the Sashimi Salad was insanely good! The fish, greens and dressing complimented each other very well giving us a balanced start to our meal. The Yellow-tail carpaccio came out as we were finishing the salad; the yellow-tail was fresh, had amazing texture and simply was astounding. The Juicy Fried Chicken was very rich - I had a hard time eating more than one (although my companion easily scarfed down the rest of them!). Despite my love for Miso Soup I find that they never vary between restaurants too much - Raku's soup will be noted in having tiny, whole mushroom and large chunks of tofu. Kobe Beef Skirt with garlic was tender and juicy with a great flavor. My companion really loved the duck; I found it quite tasty as well. The mushrooms made a great appearence by breaking up the flow of all the meat/fish dishes we had been having. And then there was the Scallop. Oh man, that scallop was revolutionary. The waitress dropped off the scallop served inside of the shell with soy sauce on top; my companion and I split it and were amazed at the light sweetness, the soft texture and the overall quality of the dish. We were full. And then we noticed - the menu contains a few items with a red symbol next to them. I asked the waitress what that meant and she explained those were the specialties of Raku. Specialties? And we hadn't tried the restaurant's specialties? Despite our full stomachs we continued onward to order Agedashi Tofu and Tsukene Ground Chicken. We agreed both far exceeded our expectations - I had never tried tofu that has been prepared better and I could eat the ground chicken every day for the rest of my life (A guy can dream, right?). And then the finisher, the end, the encore of the concert, the final chapter in a book, the last mile of the marathon - dessert. Green tea creme brulee with green tea ice cream on top. Our stomachs were exploding before we got this, we devoured the whole thing and deliberated very seriously on getting another one. We decided against it only because we had reached stomach capacity. The food can be costly if you order a lot. However, the experience was well worth the $76.80 subtotal for two people tasting that much food. Amazing atmosphere, quality ingredients, fantastic company (your mileage may vary), professionally prepared and plated with great service - everything that anyone wants in a dining experience. Have you noticed how much I loved this place? I'm having a hard time even explaining - it's like having an adrenaline rush and remembering how fun, exciting, interesting and amazing the experience was wihtout having any more words to share with others than "TRY IT YOURSELF." You will be super happy that you did and have an awesome time.
5	I've been wanting to eat here for a couple years now. This past Wednesday I invited Angela to come with me.I called the night before and made a reservation for 1900. I asked for the omikase menu and was told they have a $75 and a $100 (per person) menu. People actually opt for the $75? Seriously, if you're going to go out and eat and do something like this, go all out.So I chose the $100. It's a 10 course meal. I asked if that was enough food and she assured me it would be. We came early, about 20 minutes early but they had a table for us. We got one of their private booths which I'm guessing we only got it because we came early. Oh yeah, I possibly should have started this review with saying that this place might be the best Japanese restaurant I have ever, EVER been to.I honestly don't remember every single meal we got but it was all amazing. I'll list them and discuss what I thought was the best thing.We were given grilled cherry tomatoes, four different types of sashimi, grilled kobe beef, grilled pork, homemade cold tofu, agedashi tofu in broth, green tea creme brule, cheese cake and a hot pot with kobe beef in a red bean broth. The last thing was our 11th course as we still wanted another dish after the 10 though honestly, I think we were good and full after the 10 but the food was so good we wanted to try one more dish.A lot of their food comes from organic farms. This is important because the best thing we had was our grilled pork. It's prepared, medium. Yep, not fully cooked. The waitress told us the pigs are only fed acorns. It. Was. God-like. I couldn't believe pork could taste so good especially cooked medium. Way better than even the kobe beef. The homemade tofu, crazy good. Crazy good. The condiments on the table are even amazing. They make their own soy sauce and it's the best soy sauce I've ever had. They have some kind of wasabi salt. I've never even heard of such a thing. Outstanding. Our last dish, the hot pot, they gave us two raw eggs. I'm thinking that we're going to crack these eggs into the broth. Totally wrong. We're told to crack the eggs into our bowls, scramble it, and then use it as dipping sauce for the food that comes out of the hot pot! Again, the eggs are organic. Taste was amazing. And made complete sense as the broth is really sweet, remember it's red bean based so the raw egg totally balances the taste. So awesome. Seriously, so awesome. And I mean all the food we had was so awesome. Actually, it's AWESOME. If I could, I'd eat here every week. Well, I promised myself that next time I come here I'll either omikase at the sushi bar or I'll do the kaiseki which you need to make a reservation 3 days in advance for! Did I mention the word awesome?
5	My husband now calls it his favorite restaurant in Vegas!  First off, we have been discussing eating at Raku for a long time.  I always send my customers there even though I had never eaten there. The truth I was a little apprehensive. I looked at the menu and I was frightened! I like to think I am adventurous when it comes to food, but alas  I am not!! I had a very bad episode trying Uni for the first time. I don't get it. To me it's the worst thing I have ever put in my mouth and I drank a big gulp from a water bottle with cigarette butts in it one time, still not as bad as the Uni. So as you can see my taste buds don't agree with some ingredients that people think are so damn great.Anyway, from the beginning to the end our experience was awesome. The service was outstanding!! (Yes, this is in China town!!) Our server was so helpful, polite and inviting. She really made us feel welcomed. So did the rest of the staff when we walked in. Nobody looked at us like who is this Afro queen and the white man with her!! I forgot our servers name but I guess she went home because we ended our meal with another server. She was nice as well, but my first girl was over the top great! On to the food, we ordered some sashimi from the daily special. I believe she said they got it in that day, yellowtail from somewhere, sorry don't remember. 35.00 dollars for seven pieces. I am not that into sashimi but I saw my husband's eyes light up (she made it sound so great) so I said get it!! And I am glad we did! It was delicious! We also got some shrimp ball thingies on the special, these were so tasty, we got a second order. I have included a picture of both. My husband is still talking about it and that he can pop those things in his mouth at anytime!! Nice texture not over cooked just delicious.From the menu we ordered Kobe beef fillet with wasabi, duck with balsamic soy sauce, butter sauteed scallop ,yellowtail with glazed soy based sauce,  enoki mushroom wrapped in bacon, fried ice fish and i believe some soup with rice ball. That broth was the least of my favorites. It was nice and clean tasting but just not for me. I think I found it fishy. Everything else was so yummy!!  I don't know what was my favorite. Everything seemed to melt in my mouth. The fried ice fish was good, I didn't love it as much as everything else, but my husband loved it. I will say and he agreed, if you like this eat it while it's hot because once it gets cold it's not so great.The atmosphere is one of our favorites, no TVs!! It's cozy and so clean. The bathrooms are awesome make sure you check them both out. My husband was obsessing over the one with rose petals!  We started with a beer and a glass of wine. Then we decided to get a bottle to share. I believe it was a Pinot Grigio and it was really good. Our bill was about 158.00 without tip. A lot cheaper than we were expecting. WE love love love it there and can't recommend it enough. It's just such a great dining experience!!
4	Very good food, great atmosphere, and service! I went here with my family and friends  and the server was extremely helpful and recommended all the good stuff. I had Foei gras which is super awesome!!!! and we had fish and crab. The good thing about the restaurant is that when you order one dish, they cooked it in a variety of different ways, and you'll end up getting more and more dishes coming. The only reason I did not give them a 5 star is that I have to wait 20-40 mins for the dishes, definitely not a good restaurant to go if you are in a hurry. But, overall two thumbs up!
5	I had my birthday/valentine's dinner here with my boyfriend last night, and boy was it busy! Thank goodness we made reservations (although they had to bump it up an hour, but no biggie). And because we did, we ended up with probably the best seats in the house: a private booth near the back, complete with a buzzer for our server. I have to admit, it was pretty neat!Anyway, we got some specials - blue fin sashimi and baigai, along with about 5 other courses. Kobe beef fillet with wasabi, tsukune grilled ground chicken, chicken breast wrapped in chicken skin, raku's tofu, and their melting chocolate cake.I loved that the servers let us know different ways to enhance the food, and (considering I am dating a chef) was able to answer every question thrown at them. The sashimi was superb - very young, and I have to say, putting the soysauce nori on top with wasabi was a kicker! The baigai threw me off a bit; it was our first time eating snail, and it was delicious. Kobe beef, always a great pick, and both chickens were just yummy - the aroma and taste took me straight back home. The tofu was probably my favorite! Perfect consistency, heavenly with the soysauce. The melting chocolate cake was also nummy - however, I wish the green tea ice cream was a little more, well, green tea-ish. Needless to say, I was stuffed. Very stuffed and happy. If you want to be, too, go to Raku!!
5	Amazing worth every penny.
5	In searching where to eat in Vegas, one naturally comes upon Raku.  Kaiseki menu aside, I thought, ok, a good izakaya.  But Raku exceeded all expectations.  They have a high level of attention to their food.  And they make some of their own sauces.Condiments on the table:Green tea salt - what? Wow.  Wow.Chili oil - kick your butt spicy, one drop goes a long way.House made tofu - nothing better than fresh tofu.  They suggest you eat it with the green tea salt.  Good suggestion.Enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon (2 skewers) - unexpectedly delicious.  And well put together. And with a house made ponzu that has yuzu in it!  Heaven.Chicken white meat wrapped in bacon (x2) - this was ok, a little dry.Grilled yellowtail - nice, with a good soy type glaze.Duck (x2) - beautifully cooked, with a house made balsamic soy sauce.Seaweed soup with uni - this was truly exceptional, umami upon umami flavors.  I'm pining for it, just thinking about it again.Ground chicken don topped with a raw quail egg - very good.Marinated ikura, uni, poached egg, Japanese radish (the slimy one) - mix it up and slurp it up.  This was ok.Broiled scallop with butter wine sauce - this was good but did not make me swoon like some of the reviews here described.The above meal was $82, including tax and tip - that's for two.  We were very full. That's a great price for food at this level.  Why can't they be in L.A...Service was also really excellent.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll come here again for sure, very likely more than once.
5	Every dish is unique and different.  Excellent cold sake selections, ours was $60 a bottle, bring out the flavor in every dish.  excellent recommendations from waitress, excellent service.  It's REAL Japanese cuisine in the desert!
4	After nearly 5 years away from Vegas, I was back. And as you can imagine, I had a handful of restaurants I had been dying to check out. Out of the five, only one lived up to the hype and will continue to see me whenever I'm in town. Can you guess which restaurant that was?My wife and I made reservations a month out because we knew it would be difficult to get one if we had waited any longer. So that would be my first recommendation if you plan on coming here... reserve your spot as early as possible. During dinner, I saw a couple come in without a reservation and they were regrettably turned away. Don't let that happen to you.My second recommendation would be to order the $100 Omakase option. Apparently the difference between this and the $75 option is the quality of the food; my opinion is, if you're going to eat a dinner of this caliber, why not spend $25 more to get the best?As far as the food was concerned, I don't know what to tell you except: be prepared to be wowed. Granted, not all of the dishes were mind-blowing, but plenty of them were. Some of my favorites:Hairy crab: I had never heard of this prior to my visit to Raku, and apparently they only exist in parts of Japan, but the meat was flavorful, and they pre-cut the shell so it's easy for you to scoop out the meat. And the vinegar-based dipping sauce that comes with it is absolutely perfect with the crab.Sashimi: The tuna, paired with marinated seaweed, was awesome. And the uni was by far the best I've ever had. So rich, so creamy, so buttery... SO GOOD. My wife never had uni and refused to try it because of the way it looked and because she's a texture-eater, but I convinced her to try some, and she ended up liking it. Some day, she will love uni; I'm sure of it.Bacon-wrapped mushrooms: So simple, yet so delicious. I love the texture of these mushrooms, and when combined with the bacon and a soy sauce-like sauce, it's seriously fantastic. I could pop these in my mouth all day long.Salmon belly: The salmon was cooked so well (meaning not overcooked and dry), and the skin was perfectly crunchy and salty. Combine that with salmon roe in each bite, and you've got a magical blend of flavors and texture. Popping the roe in your mouth completed the dish so perfectly. Awesome.Wagyu beef: This was served on a skewer, cooked to a perfect medium-rare, and topped lightly with wasabi. When I took my first bite, I was shocked at how tender it was... it melts in your mouth like butter. And the seasoning was just right. Each dish came out in a timely manner (although we got a little jammed w/ the crab since it took some time to scoop out all the meat), and the chef did a great job going from the lighter dishes to the richer, more filling ones. And our server, Kazue, was extremely friendly and did a great job explaining each dish to us.Keep in mind the Omakase menu does change. There were a few items that my friends had told me about, but we didn't get them. I guess we'll just have to keep going back.
5	Overall: 4.5 starsFood presentation is awesome here.Sashimi salad- very fresh & light 10 ptsPoached egg w sea urchin - very interesting texture kinda slimy but sea tasting.  Uni doesnt overwhelm the rest of the items in the dish. 9 ptsButter scallop - so yummy & delicate. 10 ptsBaby seabass- not as soft as I expected it 2b. Too many bones, was so disappointed in this dish.  Not worth $25 price tag  2 ptsFried agadashi tofu very yummy tender & tasty 9.9 ptsGreen tea creme brulee - perfect combo of flavors. green tea ice cream just seals the deal here. Great way to finish off dinner. 11 ptsThey charge for tea here... =(Service can be a bit slow here.
4	I have to say, this is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've been to outside of Japan. I went with a friend, and we had the $100 per person menu where they bring you the Chef's choices over 10 courses.The highlights:The TOFU!! omg, this is the absolute best item I ate all night. Made in house, as the waitress informed us. Worth the price of admission, and probably the best I've ever had.The SOY SAUCE!! Again, made in house, and again among the best I've ever had.The waitstaff: they know their menu inside and out, and take the time to speak with you and answer questions. Our waitress definitely made the mealbetter and more enjoyable socially.Other highlights: 90% of their ingredients are organic, and it was clear that they took great care in choosing the source of their meats.There was one lowlight: if you don't like the taste of charcoal, I'd advise against the seafood selections such as scallops and crab legs. They are grilled on the charcoal grill, and the shells did taste a bit of the charcoal. It is the only item I didn't care for in an almost flawless meal.
4	This place is a hidden gym in the China Town area. It is located in the back of an aging strip mall with almost no visibility from the street. I was pleasantly surprised with the interior decorations. The rest room has a spa like quality. The food is what really makes this restaurant pop. I recommend you try the daily specials off of a dry erase board which varies based on the fresh food and ingredients that are available to the chefs. I was told by the staff some of the items are flown in from Japan. They typically only have a limited number of servings and it is common for them to sell out of the specials. On my visit, they were sold out of two of the seven items listed. Many of the dishes I ordered were rich in flavor with a varying degree of teriyaki base. I enjoyed the lightly salted dishes more. i recommend the juicy fried chicken, ribs, pork cheek, and mushroom wrapped in bacon. The portions are small and made to order. You do not know what order the items will come out of the kitchen. However, they will definitely be hot. The prices of the items and the cost of a visit will vary depending on your appetite and food selections. The staff is extremely well versed on the menu items. A reservation is a MUST!!! Otherwise you will have to wait an hour or more for a table. In that situation, it would be best to leave your name and comeback in the estimated wait time.  They do not open until 5pm or 6 pm and close around 3am or 4 am. And yes, the restaurant is still crowded in the early morning hours, so make reservations.
5	This is the place to go when in Vegas! It's even open super late! But drunk bar hoppers please stay away from this zen gem!  It's great to actually find a restaurant that takes pride in its' food and service, since there is so much flashiness and high priced menus nearby on the strip.The specials each night are very interesting and well worth the taste... make sure you check the prices. Some items are out of the normal price range. Agedashi tofu is a must to end the meal. Warm, comforting, a bit of crisp, and incredibly fresh.The poached egg, sea urchin, and salmon roe is a small dish, but huge in flavor! Very rich; this dish filled me up quickly and was surprisingly very satisfying (especially because westerners are not use to slimy textures... get over it!!).Yellowtail carpaccio was stunningly beautiful; the fish is so rich in color and flavor. Basically everything we had was very fresh, tasty, and prepared with care.Service was spot on. Sushi chefs are very nice when sitting at the bar, and are very good and thoroughly explaining the unique dishes that come.  Servers refresh plates often, and provide hand towels after eating the sticky Kama. Friday night they were a little more behind on service; I'd recommend the calm weekdays for perfect service... however, they are better than most restaurants. They end with a little toasty tea. I love that little touch!
1	You have heard about this place, probably.  There is a lot of hype.  You know what?  Not goddamned worth the hype at all.  I think it was good in the past, and then they decided to become aloof pricks with mediocre food, and rest on the hype.  Now listen... I spend about $5,000 a month eating out.  Yes, really.  I think nothing of dropping $1,000 on dinner for two.  This place was $200 for two of us, and I wish we had gone to In and Out Burger and left a $190 tip.  Service sucks.  Let me reiterate that.  THE SERVICE SUCKS.  Worse than anywhere I've been in Vegas.  Sucks.  Sucks.  Sucks.  Tough to get a reservation here. You know why?  Not because it is so good, but because there are 7 tables.  There are also 3 waitresses, and they are all idiots.  They are very nice idiots, but idiots nonetheless.  The service sucked.  Sucked bad.  Sucked like, so bad that we considered leaving to go to in and out burger.  Sucked so bad that I usually tip 25-30%, much to the chagrin of my wife.  I tipped 2.5%, and it made me sick to even tip that much.  I only tipped that much because I did not want them to think that I merely neglected to tip.  If I could have tipped with a piece of dog shit instead, I would have. The food -- mediocre.  Not bad.  Not great.  There are some things on the menu that are pretty awesome -- the sea urchin dishes are something special, but only special because sea urchin is great.  Nothing you can't tell any sushi chef anywhere in the world to throw together for you.  The food is just really uninspired.  I didn't eat anything that I said "eww," gross -- except the one dish that came with the waitress' hair in it.  But, you know, mistakes happen.  But honestly, the food is just "meh."  I mean, for a few hundred bucks, I can deal with "meh" food.  But, if you dont have a $5k expense account to throw away, then I would imagine you'd be pissed off.  Just lame.  Not terrible food.  Not good.  Just "matter that you can eat".  If you want to spend this kind of money and this kind of hassle to eat mediocrity, then be my guest, but this place should just close down.  The sake selection is pretty good.   But, again, do you want to make a reservation a week in advance so that you have the privilege of asking some dingbat to bring you a bottle of sake, that your date has to pour for you, because Hello Kitty airhead can't be bothered to do her job?  The plum sake, btw, is horrendous.  It tastes like cough syrup.  but, that's not the restaurant's fault.  Of course, it is the wait staff's fault.  I dont expect them to know everything, but lets play a game -- point to ANYTHING on the menu and ask "how is this?"  They'll say "ohhh, my favorite!"  I would eat here if I were starving to death.  But, the blank mindless stares from everyone who works here come from the complacency of this being the "hottest asian restaurant in vegas" a year ago.  Now, it rests on its laurels, which are not deserved.  I'd rather just eat at the gas station across the street.  Well, Its better than gas station sushi.  Its sorta neat, the stuff on the menu.  But, really, its a huge "fuck you" as far as I am concerned.  If you want GREAT "modern Japanese" then try Yonaka on Flamingo Road.  MUCH better, MUCH better service, MUCH better EVERYTHING.  I ate there two days ago because I couldn't get a table at Raku.  I was sort of disappointed.  Now, I wish I never got a table a Raku.  Seriously, save your money and your time and eat almost anywhere else.  This place sucks.
5	1. Make a Rez or prepare to eat somewhere else.2. The specials menu is where it's at.3. Eat sashimi4. The waitresses are very knowledgable and have good recommendations5. Enjoy the food and special soy sauce
5	I will pile on the praise - had one of the best meals in my life here. Service was absolutely outstanding. Rather than rehashing the details as has been the case in 450+ reviews already written, I will simply state that I cannot wait to get back to Raku the next time I visit Las Vegas. A+!
4	This was such a fun and unique experience!  My husband and I wanted to go somewhere off the strip and this had the best rating. We got in without a reservation but had to sit at the bar, which turned out to be a good thing since we needed a lot of help ordering:). We weren't familiar with a lot of the items or authentic Japanese dining, so we had to enlist the staff for help. They were great with suggestions on what and how to order. Raku makes their own tofu, so we started with a 1/2 order of their most popular one. It was delicious. We selected a large variety of meats and vegetables from the grill. Apparently, Raku imports their coals for the grill from Japan. Whatever they're doing, they need to keep doing. Everything was delicious. My favorites were the garlic Kobe steak and bacon wrapped tomatoes. My husband loved the yellowtail tuna. Everything comes out on 2-3 bite skewers and is arranged in order of lightest to heaviest. We probably ordered 7-8 meats and 3-4 vegetables along with 2 half orders of tofu and left very full.
5	I adore this place!  Definitely didn't know what I was missing until I finally ate here.  Haven't had anything that's disappointed me so far.  Can't wait to eat here again! :)
5	I am so glad that I ventured out of the crazy Strip to this restaurant. Let me sum up the pros and cons.Pros:1. Phenomenal food: extremely fresh sashimi, outrageously delicious hot dishes, to-kill-for foie gras.2. Nicely decorated, unpretentious restaurant gave me a big break from that hot mess called the Strip.3. Great service.Cons:1. Restaurant is a little bit small, and reservations are recommended.2. Not open on Sunday.
5	A Must Stop when is Sin City.  Iberico pork, Kobe beef, pork cheeks, home made tofu and soy sauce!  arare covered asparagus.  Just and unbelievable meal.  Go here and find out yourself how good it can be.
5	I had to book this place a week in advance and I still didnt get my time slot of choice on Saturday. We had to move reservations to Friday evening because they were so packed. I went with 3 other friends and they were all a little hesitant on trying something new off the strip.  After the first dish though .... half of us couldnt stop raving. By the 3rd dish, all of us couldnt wait to see what other surprises the chef had for our taste buds. I can't remember exactly everything we ordered, but I will make a few recommendations of my favorites:   1. Hammachi Kama $33 - I have had this dish elsewhere but this is the first time I appreciated the texture of the fish. It was so moist and so tender. The fish wasn't overly flavored at all like some places. But the homemade sauce was just popping with zesty flavors. When we were done with this dish, I think all of us were still licking the plate and our chopsticks :) We wanted to order a second but the waitress apologized as they only make one Hammachi Kama a day. 2.  Striped Jack $24 - We oredered this dish off their daily special without much knowledge of the fish. Ive had the Amber Jack before and appreciate its delicacy. And since the Amber Jack, sashimi never tasted the same again. It has to be the best and the freshest. So I have to say, upon tasting this Striped Jack, I was not disappointed. The dish was beautifully presented with 6 slices of sahimi laid over some crispy glass noodles. The garnishes, included ginger, radish, chopped up striped jack with miso flavor, and chrysanthemum. We asked the waitress what the chrysanthemum was for and she said its typically  used to clear the palette. The entire dish and presentation was so meticulously thought out. I will have to upload photos of this dish later.3. Enoki wrapped bacon $3 - We ordered two orders of this because its 2 servings a dish. I loved it. The idea of somethign so healthy like an enoki wrapped by a crispy piece of bacon was brilliant. Right as you bite into it, the flavors of the bacon gushes right into your mouth. Must try this one. 4. Fresh Tofu (Large) $9 - There was no way you come here without trying their home made tofu. This was actually the very first dish that came out. It was recommended that we eat the tofu with their home made green tea flavored salt. What can I say ... The most expensive tofu and most delicious piece of tofu I've had in my life. Okay - I take that back. Tofuya Ukai next to the Tokyo Tower in Tokyo made tofu so soft it could have just slid down my throat. But hey, this is pretty good tofu out side of Japan. MUST TRY !! 5. Scallop dish - The scallop here was a must try too. The Scallop was huge. We evenly split it amongst the 4 of it. The chef did such a great job infusing the plump scallop with some sort of soy type flavor. I can't explain it. But we wanted to drench our rice with the scallop sauce for sure. lol.Okay...since this review is getting kinda long and its been 45 mins since i started this review...I'm gonna have to wrap it up and give an overall rating. LOL.... also ... the salmon teriyaki was superb too.  Overall Service: Its gotta be 2 thumbs up. Highly attentive and friendly for a busy weekend night. We never got neglected. Our waitress checked up on us, water refills, everything. I think we left at least 25% tip for her. Overall Food: Highly recommended. I'm from Cali and I've tried them all around so-cal. But I have to say this is closest to the quality I've had in Japan. I appreciate that its authentic and they strive to keep everything home made ... from their sauces, spices, to their tofu. Its all legit.  If you're coming to Vegas, skip the food on the strip becaose you know its catered to a bunch of tourists. And if you're about to dump $60 on a Bellagio buffet or what not, why not put that towards some quality food. When it comes to what goes into your tummy, its always about Quality, and not Quantity. So check it out you all :)
4	This little plaza off the strip is a real gem.  We came to this plaza twice during our trip and also hit up Kabuto for sushi.  Check out my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/kabuto-las-vegas#hrid:aMqNGHz303gGDNb2U9FG_QAfter this trip, I'm really going to focus on finding great restaurants off the strip since there are so many great restaurants at much more reasonable prices off the strip.Raku is a fancy take on a traditional izakaya and is some of the best representation of the genre that I've had.  Service was attentive, even though it took a little bit for them to warm up and get our orders going.  We shared a number of dishes and that's really the only way to eat at a place like this.  Order a bunch of small plates and robata yaki items and just indulge.  Some of the highlights for me in no particular order were:- Housemade tofu (both cold and agedashi tofu styles)- Pork cheek skewer (a great alternative to the typical pork belly as this has more of an even marbling making)- Sukiyaki with Australian A5 wagyu  (There was only 3 ounces of the wagyu and that is really all was needed.  The slices were served cooking gently in the pot and were ready to eat within seconds.  With the fat content of the A5, it really doesn't hurt to have it just cooked through because you do want that fat to melt in your mouth.  Normally I would never let my beef slices get past a pink/medium.)- Foie skewer with soy glaze (The glaze was a bit too much for my taste, but coming from California, I'll take all the foie I can get)A couple of items weren't as exciting, but that is what makes the small plates format of an izakaya so nice because you are bound to find something you like.  The tsukune and foie custard were a bit disappointing.  The tsukune definitely lacked flavor, but was very tender considering it was pure ground white meat chicken.  I will judge all tsukune by those served by Shinsengumi in LA and this was definitely a cut below.  The foie custard sounded like it should be a hit, but sadly lacked foie flavor and wasn't as delicate as most good chawanmushis.All in all, this is definitely a recommended detour from the strip.  You aren't going to get food like this at a reasonable price on the strip.  Be sure to make reservations well ahead and get yourself out here.
5	Raku is amazing!They prepare some unbelievable food here...not only is the quality top notch, but the flavors are amazing, and some even mind blowing good.Some notable dishes include the Bluefin Fatty Tuna :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#AVCHSTKNRL3kLygyswucwgWhich was melt in your mouth, gorgeous pieces of perfection on the plate. Probably the cleanest, most enjoyable fish cut I've had yet.The Foie Gras with Glazed Soy-base Sauce was equally amazing! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#gIfZq3svCHAJMS6BUIssewThe best way I've consumed this delicious treat! Unbelievable. Slight char on the outside, buttery melted richness on the inside, and the sauce really complimented the meat! Bravo!!The Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic was also amazing! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#AXj0mHk3I2QG7JMqnDuj2QDoesn't get much better than this...perfectly cooked, tender beer with a sliver of fresh garlic with each bite. There is no such thing as too much garlic!And last but not least, the Salmon with Ikura Oroshi :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#2RDKBLrf1fMBZDJ6yVN-WAPerfectly cooked salmon with a nice crispy skin on the outside! Very enjoyable and worth the order!A few other mentions :Kurobuta Pork Cheek :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#5ZKwzlujPHYYZYX-Xh0tDgAsparagus Wrapped with Bacon :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#OW8fzHks3YOvQZDg0xzpCAEnoki Mushroom wrapped with Bacon :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#V-4IUiTCKrxiQ9YFE9J0rAKobe Beef Fillet with Wasabi and Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#-KawsOdPZrdmOsI_eHgBgABoth great tasting...duck was perfect, and not gammy at all.But I didn't really like the Tsukune here :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/raku-las-vegas?select=VC09xARZeyN3w63GANG6ww#77Hco5T71ufPK5db5ftMuwIt is all chicken meat, so it doesn't have the juicy/fatty pork mix that I love from other places in town.  This tastes like a healthy version of it lol.All in all, this place is great, and you will enjoy your dinner here.  It's not cheap, but it is worth the experience and the money.  Just go!
5	This was by far one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas!  It was one of the first times I've ever gone off the strip for a meal and I'm sure glad I did.  The service was outstanding (our waitress was so sweet!), the food was spectacular, and we had a very private table in the back which made our experience so nice.We relied heavily on other Yelpers in our ordering so we were impressed, like others, with the Angeldesh (sp?) tofu, kobe beef skewers, foie gras custard, seared foie gras, and something else that had uni, ikura, egg, mushrooms, and more -- that last dish might not be a great choice for a food newbie, but if you love adventurous weird food then you should definitely try it!  All in all, a fantastic meal that rivaled even some of the best meals I had while travelling in Japan last year.  I will definitely be back, Raku!
5	One of my top 3 favorite places in Vegas.  Bacon wrapped asparagus skewers, pork cheek, crispy chicken breast and the Fois Gras...which is basically the best, fatty duck liver in the universe, even the pig ear...so tasty, the wagyu and garlic skewers...  Everything on the menu is perfection.  It can get pricey but, you only live once.  Lastly, the bathrooms one has a rain forest jungle decor and the other and under-the-sea fish tank decor.  Both are experiences in and of themselves.
5	Fantastic food, loved the agedeshi tofu
4	My friends and I finally made a reservation to eat at Raku!  Overall the food was simply amazing.  We ordered the 10 course meal for $100 per person.I am not usually a fan of soy sauce, but they make their own and this stuff was just divine.  It wasn't too salty and had such a beautiful savory flavor, almost like an aged imperial stout.  On the homemade tofu, I couldn't get enough!  Out of the other ten dishes, most of which I am not that familiar with, a few really stuck out.  The sauteed mushrooms tasted like a finely grilled filet mignon.  The outside was perfectly seared (a technique that they seem to use on a lot of their grilled items), and the flavor was simply heaven.  The kobe beef with homemade wasabi was also a huge hit, possibly the best I have had.  The sashimi was also top notch, although I wouldn't say it was better than Marssa.  The muscles with caviar were also amazingly good.   This was an amazing experience, and I would recommend it to everyone.  Even non-Asian food lovers will enjoy this place.  I am docking Raku a star for service though.  I had accidentally made reservations for 6, but only 5 of us showed.   Raku was unforgiving of this mistake and we had to flip the bill for the missing person.  The host was quite irritated and not at all apologetic.  Also, after our dinner was finished we were asked to leave to make room, again non-apologetically.  I understand that they needed to make room, but I've had better service at fast food restaurants.  I would go here again for the amazing food, but not to feel like family!
5	This place is amazing!!  This is hands down my favorite Japanese restaurant in the west coast.  I am so addicted to the food here that this has became my must go place whenever I visit Vegas.  I am hungry now just by writing this review and thinking about the food.  Make sure that you make reservation well in advance because this place is quiet popular and I usually need to make reservation at least a week in advance.
5	I definitely enjoyed this restaurant - sat in the bar, service was great & the chef was pretty awesome & friendly. Highly recimmendable!! Can't wait to go back.
5	AMAZING RESTAURANT! Everything was fresh and unique.  I was impressed by EVERYTHING on their menu.  First of all, since it's been almost a year since foie gras was banned in California, of course that jumped off their menu, and was the first thing that I wanted to order.  But there were so many other mouth watering dishes!  Good thing there were 4 of us in our group, so we could order practically everything!Definitely check out their daily specials.  There's going to be something terrific on there.  The day I went, we ordered:- Grilled Alaskan King Crab- Uni Udon - a MUST have if you like uni!!!!!!- Blue fin tuna sashimiItems on their regular menu that we had:- Agedashi tofu: fresh tofu, and served in a whole block- Sashimi Salad: ridiculously fresh sashimi!- Yellowtail Carpaccio- Poached egg with uni and salmon roe- Steamed foie gras egg custard- Kobe beef fillet with wasabi: We had to order this with all of the reviews that mentioned it, but it didn't live up to the hype. :( Good but not phenomenal.- Kurobata Pork Cheek : a MUST ORDER!- Duck with balsamic soy sauce: very tasty!- Butter sauteed scallop with soy sauce- Enoki mushroom wrapped with bacon- Japanese shishito peppersTo finish off an amazing meal, we had to have dessert.  The Green Tea Creme Brulee was the perfect way to end the meal!I never knew about Raku before, but I am raving about it now.  I won't be able to take a Vegas trip without stopping by, now.
5	solid 5 star.. came here  Friday and Sat night during my weekend getaway  in March. The food is exception amazing, I had a chance to sit at the bar and had very nice conversation with the chef and the owner.I ordered few  dishes from their daily special sukiyaki, poached eggs with sea urchin and salmon roe, liver sashimi, grilled foie gras and lamb...#1 restaurant in Vegas
2	Terrible service, overrated food.
5	Quaint place with modern feel.  It never ceases to amaze me how a city the size of Vegas can support so many outstanding restaurants such as this one.Taiwanese spinach ohitashi was bright with tomato and bunapi mushroom.  Bonito topping and ponzu base added good salt and acidity.Bacon wrapped asparagus had a nice brown crispy char.  Chicken breast wrapped in chicken skin was juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside.  Kurabota pork cheek was nice, but could have been cooked longer to render out more fat.  Kobe outside skirt with crunchy garlic was delightful.   Scallop grilled in the shell....speechless. Deep fried juicy chicken.  Skin was so perfect it almost didn't taste like chicken.   Sinfully juicy and served on a bed of spinach Oden items were nice and comforting.  Shiritaki noodles, tendon, meatball, mochi center tofu skin
5	This is definitely one of the best Japanese restaurants in the country. They have a large variety of sake and the staff is very knowledgeable in describing each bottle. You must try the tofu, both cold and fried, Kobe beef, scallops and the fluffy cheese cake. I can't wait to go back and try some more dishes!
4	Since this place is on so many "top ten" lists, I thought for sure that I was going to get a very expensive, maybe good experience. Very pleased to be wrong on that front! Staff was very helpful when explaining the menu and the items were all well prepared and extremely tasty. The standouts were the Raku's Tofu (get the full order--we got the half and ended up ordering it twice), the sashimi salad (very generous for the price), the duck with balsamic soy glaze, the enoki mushrooms with bacon and the asparagus okaki. We stuck mostly with the skewers and were surprisingly full given the small bites. And our check was not astronomical--a plus! This is now on our list of places to go in Vegas.
5	Simply the best non-sushi japanese restaurant in Vegas and probably the west coast.  Think smooth flavored japanese charcoal meets awesome cuts of meat.  We started with the Sashimi Salad.  amazing flavor.  Then we went on to the house fresh made tofu with home brewed soy sauce.  I'm not a fan of Tofu but it was awesome.  All along the way we did the cold sake sampler.  super smooth, super dry, flavorful sake.  The hamachi capaccio was so fresh.  From there it was wagu beef, balsamic duck, chicken thighs, chicken wings, salmon, portabello mushrooms, beef stomach, and more.  The place is open 5 pm to 3am.  Best to wait outside at 5 pm and go early as many specials are gone by 8 pm.
5	This is by far one of the BEST restaurants I have ever been to! A few things...I am not from Las Vegas, but have been traveling to Sin City about once ever month. This is one of two go-to restaurants for me during my business trips.Over the course of my two visits, I have yet to be disappointed. First recommendation is to make a reservation in advanced; I have been extremely lucky to get a spot at their chef's counter on the two occasions I have been (w/o an advanced reservation).I have tried both their house tofu and fried tofu; they are excellent. For a first time visitor, try their house tofu...it is the smoothest, silkiest, most delicious tofu you will ever try! The fried tofu is served in a broth with salmon roe and dried seaweed. Other dishes that I have had include: yellowfin carpaccio, chicken with chicken skin skewer, lamb chop, and duck breast. All have been incredible! For dessert go with the green tea creme brulee!Can't wait for my next trip to Las Vegas...away from The Strip! :)
5	Raku was the highlight of my dining experiences in Sin City. I don't know where to begin...Many things are made in-house (green tea salt, anyone?). The creamy silky tofu topped with fish skins and scallions, which we were advised to have with their homemade soy sauce, was so simple yet delicious. Meat lovers and non-tofu fans kept going back for more. The sushi...I'll come back to that in a minute.The girls and I opted for their fifty dollar omakase menu, rationalizing that we could add on more items, if we wanted more food. Fifty dollars provided us with a splendid feast that I felt was totally worth the money. I can only imagine how wonderful the $75 and $100 menus must be. Just so you know, the food is served family style. I thought we were going to get small, individual plates of each of the ten courses. Nope, you'll be sharing large platters of the different dishes with your tablemates. Provided that your dining companions are considerate and good about sharing, this arrangement should work fine.Our first course was phenomenal; I drool as I think of what to tell you next. We were delighted with the freshest, most beautiful cuts of fish. This is easily one of the most delectable pieces of sushi I've ever laid eyes upon and had the pleasure of sampling. As with all other dishes, the servers provided us with instruction on how to enjoy the dish-showing us the order in which to eat the fish, the toppings to add, and the palate cleanser on the plate. In many cases, I feel people don't get the full joy of eating a certain dish because they aren't eating it right. Raku makes sure you don't commit this fatal error.This superior quality sushi meant that soy sauce was not needed. It would be a travesty, an insult to douse any of these beautiful cuts with the dark sauce. Taken alone or with a little wasabi and you were good to go.The tofu as I already mentioned was quite satisfying and tasty. Their teriyaki fish was yummy, but not the greatest of all the courses. The fish served in its own broth, head-on was also very, very good. And the magic they created with these grilled tomatoes, served on skewers-had all the girls sighing with happiness. There were two dishes I didn't get to try: chicken wings and grilled beef. My friends said they were tasty, though maybe not the standouts of the 10-course meal.The high-quality rice with fish roe and bits of salmon was pleasing to me, but a bit too plain for the others. Our omakase dinner was, however, mostly a five-star experience.Before exiting, I learned that Raku's chef was nominated for a James Beard Award, and I can definitely see why. Raku is one of many reasons to venture off the Strip, and arguably one of the biggest reasons to do so.
5	Wow.  That's all there is to say, really.  I've been here 6 times now, and every time I leave just as impressed as the first.  Except this last time - I was stunned by how absolutely delicious and creative the meal was.I had always just ordered the $75 omakase, and I don't know why.  This last visit, I got the $100 omakase, and wow, am I glad that I did.First off, the waitress this visit was especially warm, friendly, and fun.  If I had one complaint about this place (and I'm really, really reaching here), it's that the service is perhaps a little too "formal".  Maybe that's just the Japanese way?  It's not bad or anything, but I like some back and forth with the wait staff, especially after a couple sakes.  Our waitress this time was more than happy to engage in some banter, answer questions, ask the chef questions, recommend and teach me about sake, etc.The first course was a spiny lobster sashimi.  It arrived whole, with just the tail split and the meat scraped from the shell.  If I wasn't so sure otherwise, I'd swear the thing was still moving.  Fresh as heck.The other courses were, of course, perfection.  The $100 course includes some more fanciful ingredients, like little baby anchovies (their little eyes freaked my wife out a bit but they taste fantastic) for seasoning the tofu.What impressed me the most though, was when the spiny lobster CAME BACK!  This time, the front half of the lobster was cooked into a broth, with the tasty-but-usually-inaccessible meat integrated into the soup.  The tamale was also very tasty.Can't recommend Raku enough.  There's a lot of contenders for my favorite restaurant.  Right now, Raku is confidently at #1.
2	I honestly do not know what all the hype is all about. This place is mediocre at best, I was completely underwhelmed. We went in with a large group (10-12). We did the 'chefs choice' menu - which wasn't exactly cheap. Service was spotty and it took forever to get our food. When the dishes finally did start coming out, they were hit or miss. Some items were absolutely fantastic (Wagyu beef) others were so awful that I couldn't even eat it (and I'm not a picky eater). If you're a visitor to Vegas, I say pass on this one. There area lot better places to try.
4	The food here is second to none. There were four of us, so we had a wide variety of small plates. All of it was grand. Some of it, like the foie gras, was a little rich for my taste, but quality nonetheless. We had two desserts (cheesecake and creme brulee), neither of which was anything to write home (or Yelp) about. Also, the wine pours are either done by someone with poor depth perception or possibly Japan has a different definition of a glass of wine, as they were stingy with the grape juice. With as popular as this place is (reservations are a must), I am not sure why they do not open a larger location, as the current one is cramped and not very inviting. The service was adequte, but not overly nice or accommodating. Focus on the small plates, and keep the rest in the periphery.
4	Great authentic Japanese restaurant. Came here with a party of 6 for a dinner reservation at 6PM. Be prepared to spend a minimum of 2 hours here at the restaurant.I highly recommend doing the course meal. Every dish was perfection.On an odd note, the bathroom has a forest theme with a tree in there. Really quite pretty.
1	I was very disappointed on the Omakase Meal.  Paid $100 and get nothing to eat.  One course came up with a smelly grill fish which was acheap fish and frozen.  They said it was shipped from Japan, but it was not.  It was frozen fish can be picked up in local grocery store.Food ordered from regular menu was OK.  Service was OK.I was very unhappy.
5	I LOVE this spot!  Go with the chef's tasting with sake pairing.  Kick back, relax and enjoy the many dishes that will play with your palate.
5	It's hard not to give this place 5 stars...so that's what I'll give it.Goddamn, first, be prepared, this place is on the higher end of the cost spectrum.  That being said, the food is all really good.  1)  Tofu with soy, ginger and green onions.  Delicious.  I believe the tofu was made in-house that morning.  It was some of the best tofu I've ever had.2)  Uni from Santa Barbara - This, for me was the highlight of the meal.  If foie gras has an equivalent in the sea, I would say that this is it.  You could taste how fresh these uni were.  They were salty, fatty, savory and just goddamn delicious.3)  Tsukune - elongated rods of ground chicken on bamboo skewers, awesome.4)  Pork cheeks- a bit chewier than I thought, but still very good.5)  Bacon wrapped enoki mushroom - Savory from the bacon and smokey from the grill.  Not too overpowering, still had some good enoki flavor.  Superb.6)  Foie gras don - Essentially a rice bowl with a big fat piece of grilled Foie Gras.  Fucking delightful.This place has an average rate of 4.5 stars, so don't even fuck around reading the reviews, just go there.
5	Pure and simple heavenly delicious! A must every single time we are in Vegas!
5	I'm not a huge fan of yakitori but I would have to say that this is probably the best place that I've ever had for yakitori.  If you love yakitori, you should definitely try this place out if you're in Vegas.  Reservations are really hard to get and I'm not sure why they are so strict on their reservations.  We had our reservation for 11:30pm on a Wednesday night (before 4th of July) and we called to try to move it up earlier but the earliest they would give us was 11pm.  We got there around 11pm and the place was empty.  Pretty much only 25% filled.  It's not a huge place by any means so it was weird that it was so empty when all I kept hearing about was the long wait.  It did get packed toward the end of the night around 12:30am-1am when we left.  We sat down and ordered the following (must orders are ranked first):  Juicy Deep Fried Chicken - This is a MUST order.  If you go here and you don't want to order anything else that I listed, you have to at least try this dish.  It's amazing!!!!  We ordered two of these to split between four people.  It comes with 6 pieces but it's so good that you will be wanting more.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.    Foie Gras with Glazed Soy Based Sauce - Must order if you like Foie Gras.  I don't like foie gras and therefore, I don't eat it but my husband loved it.  It comes in a small size but it's perfect for two to share.  Kobe Beef Tendon - This is another must order.  I don't even like tendon but we ordered this to try and it was melt in your mouth yummy goodness.  It's definitely a must try even if you don't like tendon.  Iberico Pork - Another must order.  It's iberico pork, need I say anything more?  Chicken Thigh - similar to other places but still moist and juicy and still really good for yakitori.  Agadashi Tofu - this dish is very similar to what you can get at other places, this was probably the better tofu of the two tofu dishes that are offered.  We all agreed that this was the better tofu of the two but it's tofu.  So nothing that unique about it.  Asparagus with Bacon - similar to other places, it's asparagus and bacon.  You can't really do much else with that combo.  Raku's Tofu - this tofu was really bland and you're supposed to eat it with the seasonings that are provided to you at your table.  If anything, there wasn't really anything unique about this tofu.  I would order the Agadashi tofu over this one.  Direct Flamed Eggplant - this was unique and different but it was pretty bland.  I would have to say it was the worst dish of the night.  You can put some flavorings and seasonings on it to make it taste better but it was just plain.  The portion sizes are small so if you have four people, it's good to get 2 skewers of each item to share.  Plus, this place is pretty pricey as well so be prepared to drop some serious cash but for some good food.   Definitely on my list of places to go when in Vegas!
5	they're umi is so fresh. Amazing skewers
5	My new favorite Japanese food outside Osaka!  Very innovative!  Loved the hairy crab, loved the house made tofu, loved the house made spices and seasonings, loved it all!  Great sake selection really topped it all off.  The only down side is that it is soooo hard to get reservations.  It is small and always packed.  Getting them to answer the phone is a huge challenge.  It is worth it though.  When in Vegas, this place is a must.  The fact that it is open until 3 AM really helps!
4	It's taken me a LONG time to getting around to this review, but I needed to dedicate time to properly raving about this wonderful meal. I visited on 04/11/2013 with my fiance Ruben and our cousin Daisy (visiting from the Bay Area). We were sat in a private dining area and it was so cool and intimate. I was really glad I made that reservation a couple months in advance!We tried the Raku's Tofu: Housemade tofu that was super silky served with fresh grated ginger, green onions, and Katsuoboshi. Then topped with some of Raku's Soy Sauce (Japanese Daijingo soy sauce blended with Japanese plum). Simple and tasty. Also, the Agedashi Tofu: Their housemade tofu lightly fried and presented in a bowl of warm dashi broth and topped with green onions, Ikura, and nori. And for an extra kick, some hot chili paste placed on the rim of your bowl. Really, really great. I'm a big fan of tofu so I could be happy eating Raku's Tofu all night, but this Agedashi Tofu is a party of flavors in your mouth.We also tried the Tempura Asparagus, Kanpachi sashimi (special), Blue Fin Tuna sashimi (special), Salmon with Ikura Oroshi, Enoki Mushroom Wrapped in Bacon, Direct-Flamed Eggplant (served with Katsuoboshi), Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce, Kobe Beef Filet with Wasabi, Apple Marinated Lamb Chop, Grilled Rice Balls, Yellowtail with Glazed Soy-based Sauce, and Juicy Deep Fried Chicken. Their Yuzu Sake is really delicious.My favorites were the tofu dishes, the sashimi specials, Enoki Mushroom with Bacon (this was SO good, we ordered it twice), and Apple Marinated Lamp Chop (we ordered two of these as well).Our meal was spectacular. We had so much fun with all the dishes and the service was wonderful. There are so many selections and everything was, at the least exciting, and at the best, amazing. I would compare the experience to enjoying tapas with great friends. Same idea with sharing small plates and that's just always a blast in my book. The food was wonderful, I seriously can't wait to go back and try some of their other amazing concoctions!
5	MR says ... O-M-A-K-A-S-E!!!MRS says ... the wait time was a bit exhausting to me because it was already after midnight local time and my body clock was Eastern time. This place was packed at midnight but it's a foretelling that we're in for a fabulous treat.Wait time can be a pain but don't fret and keep your cool. Patience is a virtue and you will not be disappointed. Try and get the OMAKASE - at least one from your party. Omakase is the chef's choice from the menu which is shareable with everyone in your party. Our server was very good in explaining what's what. Moreover, our server must have informed the Chef what dish we have ordered because we did not get any duplicate or same dish from the OMAKASE. We basically tried every dish from the menu.The house tofu is a must must have. I think I can finish a whole AGEDASHI tofu. Raku is food artwork. Highly recommended for those visiting Vegas. This is like the Cirque Du Soleil of Japanese Charcoal Grill.
5	Delicious, order anything, they figure it out and you have a spectacular meal.
5	Absolutely amazing.I know several friends who are absolutely crazy about this place, and with good reason. Tons of items to select from all of them delicious. It's always busy. I wish they had more seating because it's a bit hard to simply drop by on a whim, and they only take reservations after midnight.
4	I love the food here. Its very delicious. We ordered Wasabi Beef, a Sashimi Salad and a Butter Scallop. The servers were also friendly and do as you ask and are very helpful. The reason why it isnt 5 stars are the prices for the portions of food. It is very little for the prices offered. It was $7 for one piece of scallop. It was not worth it.
5	CALLING ALL FOODIES!!!! If you love great food and want a memorable evening STOP what your doing right now and call and make reservations.  Pricing is reasonable, service is great and the uniqueness is like no other.  MUST GO
5	This little square on the Northwest corner of Decatur and Spring Mountain is the mecca of Japanese food.Raku bills itself as a robata, but it's got more than that: fresh fish, fresh sushi, fresh everything. Their master chefs create culinary delights, from pairing top grade caviar and kumamoto oysters, to traditional favorites like cold somen, or sukiyaki (albeit with legitimate, japanese imported A5-9 Wagyu!!). It's authentic Japanese cuisine, with high grade ingredients. They used to have oden, but is currently gone for the summer and I'm told may make a return in winter.Some of my favorites include the Kobe Outside Skirt with Garlic, Apple Marinated Lamb Chops (Really some of the best lambchops I've ever had, frenched, and not gamey at all), the Iberico Pork, the Seared Scallops, the Fois Gras Don (Think a rice bowl - teriyaki sauce, lettuce, and fois gras... to die for), and tons more!Service is great, but sometimes food can be a little slow in coming out, so consider planning at least 2 hours of your time to enjoy a meal here.
4	Good food, but a little pricey here. It's hard to just walk in and expecting to be a free table. You need to make a reservation at least a day or two in advance! Expecting to spend over $100 :) but it's well worth it!
3	It would had gotten 5 starts if they had sashimi.VERY OVERPRICED!!! Small portions!
5	Very creative. Very fresh.Off the strip and well worth the visit. Me and a couple of friend had Kaiseki ,15 courses of amazing Japaneese food. We ended spending practically the whole night here in amazement dish after dish.
4	RAKU delivers very authentic high end Japanese high-end Izakaya style dishes.Thier Homemade Tofu is exellent.Today's special fishes are always super fresh.I highly recommend this restaurant in Las Vegas area.
5	Top quality, super fresh ingredients, simple delicate sauces that don't overpower the food, and great selection. A must for serious foodies. This is one of the few places where the natural flavor of the food shines. Even my professional chef friends eat here on a regular basis! A great place to eat with friends, but not if you are in a rush. Reservations recommended, especially after 7pm.
5	If there is ever such thing as near perfect restaurant, Raku would be it. The staff were extremely friendly. The food is all fairly priced. I love the variety of their foei gras creation, but i have to say that my favourite was the steam egg custard foei gras!!! Great presentation!! The food tastes as good as it looks. Normally i hate the white meat chicken breast. However, the chef at Raku somehow manage to make the tough white meant into soft and mellow meat. I definitely fell in love with this place. The only downside to this place is that you have to get a reservation and the food is kinda slow. But i am willing to overlook these cons as the food make up for them. So 5 stars!!!!
5	Amazing restaurant and a must eat at place when in Las Vegas - make sure you make a reservation. Possibly the best Japanese restaurant I have ever been to. We order from their vast menu of Izakaya style dishes and every dish is usually delicious. If you go, you must try their homemade tofu and juicy fried chicken. Be prepared for a long dinner though - it's not somewhere to go if you are in a rush.
5	Raku is exquisite and delicious. Japanese food presented passionately without compromise.
5	been here 2 times now and both times they were equally amazing. this last time i made a reservation for 4 ppl and it was funny because when you make a reservation they tell you that your party has 2.5 hours to dine and they hold your reservation for 15 mins past the reso time otherwise they give up the table. anyhow arrived early and table was ready. server came over right away and greeted from entire restaurant staff including sushi chef when we sat down. server explained specials in detail and was quite knowledgeable about the sake list which was a nice surprise. in fact we were debating between 3 sakes so she brought out a shot glass of each one and the bottle so we could try all 3. amazing touch of service that takes up time for the server and costs them $ but being all about service they still do that. one of the best touches i have seen in quite a long time. highly impressed. server gave great recommendations about the food and they were all right on point. poached egg with uni wow amazing!!! scallop in butter great flavors slightly overcooked but still great dish. age dashi tofu was terrific and they gave bowls and small spoons for all of us. sashimi is some of the freshest in town in my eyes and ive been to most japanese restaurants in las vegas including high end ones on strip. foie gras = one of the best things ive had in town hands down top 15 dishes in town. but then again 3 of the other dishes are also foie from other restaurants.all food was spectacular, they bring dishes out in a nice time frame so your not overwhelmed with food and the hot food wont get cold sitting on the table. service was great, they filled up water glasses consistently which is one of the main things i look for in restaurants. friendly service and they checked up on the table throughout the meal. great job changing out plates when necessary and gave us all bowls and small spoons like i mentioned for certain courses such as the tofu course. overall it was amazing and no they didnt kick us out after 2.5 hours. definitely will go again soon. side note they always say see you later when leaving some restaurants drop the check and thats it but not this one. its the little things raku does and does right.
5	Food is ridiculously good here. Very fancy and pricey but you can definitely tell your money is going to quality (not quantity). It is very small and packed and had to make reservations and hard to accommodate large parties (parties more than 4). But the 5 stars is for how awesome the food tasted and seriously one of the best tasting meat I've had. We got: Garlic filet, yellow tail raw, yellow tail cooked, homemade tofu, kobe with some wasabi sauce, pork, and their hot pot special. I really loved everything, to warn you their special hot pot was super expensive. Most of their little sauces and dipping sauces were very unique but amazing. They told us to dip our meat in raw eggs and we were skeptical but that was the most amazing thing ever. They are super friendly and we felt like we would feel out of place since it was so fancy but their servers explained everything very well and really made us feel comfortable. If you win some money from the strip, this is definitely a place to go~
5	Really the best Japanese place I have been outside of Japan.  Throughly impressed by everything I had... Well worth the trip off the strip to enjoy this place.
5	In a city where I've had subpar Asian eats, my experiences at Raku has been on another level. When it was first recommended to me, I expected it to be part of the Strip like any other high end eatery, and one that was in the confines of a casino resort. Instead, it is a Japanese establishment in the splendors of Chinatown.My expectations were surprisingly low the first time around. I haven't had incredible experiences of the Japanese kind in Vegas just yet, plus I was less likely to put faith in a place that was more Asian fusion than pure Japanese as Raku seems to be. And in the seediness of Chinatown no less? I was already beginning to doubt its $$$$ rating.But thankfully, my expectations were not only met but exceeded in every way. Everything was truly spectacular, from the small plates to the entrees and it was hard to pass up anything considering how fresh and tasty it all was. Stars of the initial evening were bold cuts of sashimi, namely blue fin tuna, coupled by an incredible array of tofu dishes and one dish that would make any seafood lover salivate: fresh uni with salmon roe, topped off by a perfectly poached egg.It has been several visits since then and all is right with the world. Client dinners have been nothing short of amazing and my personal escapades have resulted in a lot of experimentation with the menu. I've become enamored with a live uni udon, their daily blue crab miso soup, and their array of skewered meats. Kobe beef, chicken skin, and pork cheek have been favorites in all izakaya circles.The service, ambiance, and overall visits have been excellent to the T. Las Vegas is lucky to be home to so many wonderful establishments, but Raku is certainly one of their shiniest gems in the desert. 5 Stars and nothing less.
5	Excellent and highly skilled preparations of small grilled Japanese foods. Food preparation & presentation is also excellent. Very few tables makes getting a reservation difficult but well worth the extra planning. Table waiters give great recommendations. Fantastic sake list. A special place.
5	Had friends come into town last week.  My buddy Joe MADE ME make reservations for Raku during his visit.  I brought him there a couple of years ago and he always goes there whenever he's in Vegas.  I haven't been in a while and it was good to experience it again with good friends.We decided to skip the daily specials and go straight for the regular menu items.  As always, the asparagus, duck, and kobe beef were excellent.  For a couple of guys, they never had pork cheeks.  They were surprised at how flavorful it was and we ordered another round for the table.The food and service is always excellent here.  I have never had less than a 5 star experience here.
5	We walked in around midnight without a reservation and got seated in 5 minutes. I really didn't do much research before going there. It was recommended to me as a "sushi" place. Um, they don't do sushi. No nigiri at all. Just the most beautiful sashimi (yes, in the middle of the desert, how do they DO that?!) we've ever had. We had the yellow tail carpaccio. We also had agedashi tofu, rice cakes (soy sauce and wasabi flavored), and every fois gras dish they had on the menu. It was all spectacular. The grilled fois gras was perfect, the rice in the fois gras don was like no other rice I've ever had and the fois gras custard was a work of art. So delicious, the custard is infused with fois gras and topped with tidbits of rare duck breast. It made for the best midnight snack we've ever had. Next time we will make reservations and have the kobe feef skewers.
5	Oh man. Raku. I really don't even know where to start, because every single dish is fantastic. I've only gone twice, and both times I went with a friend who lives in Vegas and is a "regular."  The chef and staff hooked us up and just kepts the plates coming - some menu favorites and some off-menu treats. The housemade cold tofu is incredibly silky - I like it best with their green tea salt and the crispy garlic chili sauce. The Kobe beef skewers with garlic chips are incredible too. The aka dashi tofu is warm and so comforting. The pork cheek has just the right ratio to make it deliciously fatty but not chewy or gummy.. And just when I think I'm so stuffed and couldn't possibly eat another bite, they bring out the kamameshi. Somehow, everything in my stomach shifts to make room for a bowl of RICE. I always leave this place feeling so satisfied and ready to hibernate, but never grossly overstuffed. Thank you Raku! Hope I can come back soon!
5	Dined here solo while in Las Vegas on business before catching a redeye flight home to the east coast. Arrived about 6:30pm and only open seat was between two other solo diners at the "sushi" bar. Not the most comfortable seating, but well worth it!Dishes I had included:- Bluefin tuna sashimi special - amazing tuna with soy-marinated seaweed, lightly pickled chrysanthemum (in place of traditional ginger), and fresh wasabi. So fresh and delicious.- Grilled skewers: bacon-wrapped mushrooms, chicken skin-wrapped chicken breast (awesome), kobe beef with wasabi (a highlight), and kobe beef tendon (not what I was expecting, but in a good way - a large gelatinous mass with a viscous, but not unpleasant, mouthfeel - and amazing caramelized & grilled taste).- Foie gras chawanmushi - great texture and flavor of the chawanmushi and broth, with a nice piece of duck on top.The sashimi and grilled skewers were the highlights for me (though the mushroom was overshadowed by the other items). I wish I was hungrier - I could have easily ordered 8-10 other things on the menu I wanted to try. Have to get back here next time I'm in Vegas. Highly recommended to anyone looking for an awesome off the strip experience.
5	Clean, very tasty, and I love the creativity in the dishes.  Well worth the price and I recommend trying different dishes because with each new dish I try I have not been disappointed.
5	Raku...I was tired. I just flew across the country and arrived at 9pm local time which was midnight for me. This was on the tail-end of a long work day in the clinic. I was meeting friends the next day...this night was to myself. I was very tempted to cancel the reservations that were at 10:30pm. I am SO glad I did not! This place is off the strip, so it takes some effort to get to...believe me, make the effort. It is in an unassuming corner suite of a strip mall. You'd have to know it was here to find it...I am glad I did my research.I sat at the sushi bar...watching the chef cut whole fish into sashimi was nothing short of entertainment. I was not in the mood for sushi, although the preparation almost convinced me. I went instead to some comforting grilled (Yakitori) dishes. They were all superb...notably the yellowtail with a balsamic-miso glaze! Melt in your mouth awesome! The pork cheek skewer was so good...like bacon...but the best bacon ever! I also had the tofu dish! Inspired!! Lovely tofu, made fresh...sitting in a delicate miso broth packed with a lovely "umami" flavor...so good. No detail is ignored here! Even the service plates are custom pottery. An experience as rewarding as you can ask for!
5	The food was awesome! The place looks nice too! When making a reservation, try to request for a "private room."If you're gonna order the foie gras, I suggest order it as a rice bowl. Too rich to eat on its own.The salmon and roe in clay pot looked delicious but it wasn't on the menu. You can ask for it though. Order it in the beginning of the meal because it takes 20 mins. to prepare.
5	This is as good as it really gets, for Japanese cooked food.You can get sashimi, at many restaurants, that give some wow factors all over the place.  But it's rare to find a Japanese restaurant, that serves omakase that really tailor to what you like, what you've ordered, so it doesn't give you the duplicates.Reservation is required, reserve early, so you don't eat your dinner at 10:30.
3	This place is becoming popular with foodie tourists visiting Vegas. Make sure to make a reservation. Speaking of reservations, the food here is very... reserved. Because of our large party, they requested we have a kaiseki (set course of small dishes.) With each dish, you get one item, say, a tofu dish, a tiny bit of garnish, and sometimes a seasoning. The dishes are simple, giving the chef nowhere to hide poor ingredients or poor technique.That said, this "pure" style of cooking is not for everyone. For example, I found the Hokkaido Hairy Crab very fresh, but delicate, lacking in flavor compared to Dungeness, Rock or Blue. It was served steamed with no sauce.I've had kaiseki in Japan, where the dishes are also simply prepared, but with much more detail to flavor combinations: For example, a simple mushroom dish would come with 1 large bean and one vegetable in a simple sauce. But together, they made the dish. Simple but complex.At least with the kaiseki at Raku don't expect to be wowed: it's just too simple. However, some of the stuff on the regular menu looked much more interesting: Uni in egg custard, for example.
4	Everything is mini tapas style so you can taste a little bit of everything. Definitely try the agedashi  tofu. We went with a half order but wish we would've ordered a whole.Amazing: Yellowtail skewer, Kobe with wasabi, Ken salad, chicken breast with skin, foies gras with soy, miso soup, shishito peppers .Eh:Scallop was overcooked and salty, pork cheek was too fatty, cheesecake and green tea brulee were ok. Tiny little restaurant but excellent decor and service. Definitely reserve ahead of time otherwise sit at the bar if you're lucky. A Vegas staple for us.
4	We a group of six were there for a preset dinner.Pros:1. Impeccable service2. Excellent infant crabs3. Excellent sushi4. Excellent specials.Cons:1. The signature tofu was only OK I thought.2. Really none. We arrived early, they sat us at a very nice table. We will be back! Fun for all a wonderful evening
5	Raku is one of my favorite restaurants for a number of reasons.  Great things happen when I eat here and the food is excellent. To celebrate a special occasion, I went here. We were considering getting the omakase for $100/person but that's like a lottery - you don't know what items you'll get. Although I've never had anything I didn't like from this place, we had specific things we wanted to try. My faves:Kobe Beef Filet with Wasabi, Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic, Duck with Balsamic Soy Sauce, Foie Gras with Glazed Soy-base Sauce, Asparagus with Bacon, Enoki Mushroom Wrapped with Bacon and Green Tea Creme Brulee. I love their blue fin sashimi but we didn't order that this time.Aside from my faves, we also tried Raku's homemade tofu, juicy deep-fried chicken, steamed foie gras egg custard, chicken breast wrapped with chicken skin, kobe beef silver skin, Iberico pork and kanpachi kama.Homemade Tofu:Can be ordered in half or full portions. Comes with ginger, green onions and bonito. The texture of the tofu is so different from all the tofu I've ever had. It has the consistency of formed cottage cheese. 4.5/5Juicy Deep-Fried Chicken:Crispy skin, juicy fatty chicken. Absolutely delicious! 5/5Steamed Foie Gras Egg Custard:This dish has the same broth as in agedashi tofu. This chawanmushi has a mild foie gras taste to it and has a piece of duck on top. 5/5Chicken Breast Wrapped with Chicken Skin:Slightly crisp chicken skin seasoned with salt. For some reason, I really liked the simplicity of this dish. 5/5Kobe Beef Silver Skin:A bit oily and sweet. This is the skin of a cow put on a skewer and grilled. 4/5Iberico Pork:I love jamon Iberico and I was thinking this would be similar. But this is actual chunks of pork with a yummy sauce and grilled. 5/5Kanpachi Kama:Perfectly grilled amberjack collar with a nice ponzu/soy dipping sauce. Although I was not in the mood for fish, I still think this is the best kama in town. Very meaty, moist (terrible word) and perfectly cooked. 5/5Although the last time we went here, they didn't have 2 items we wanted: Poached Egg w/ Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe and, Hamachi Kama. They also changed their decor. They replaced Hello Kitty with a pig with a big mouth - creepy looking mofo! I'd still come back here regardless...
5	The off menu Salmon rice Kamameshi is so good the next day. this fat ass ate them as breakfast the next day and it still tasted amazeballs. it isn't too much carbs when you have it on its own at the start of the day vs. with a heavy meal or after eating a lot of skewers so take it home if you can't finish it. this and the agedashi as well as the kurobuta pork cheek are my go to staples.
5	The foods are great. The lamp is great. Staffs are great at recommending certain dishes base on your likes of Certain food. The fish are fresh and w never had a smelly fish plate. Prices are moderate. There always people waiting to get in because the food is so good. If  you like authentic Japanese food, this is it.
5	By far my #1 restaurant in Vegas. I go to Vegas often for work and I make it a point to go this restaurant. Exquisite, delicious Japanese food in Tapas style. All of the dishes are amazing and some that stand out are the foie gras bowl, wagyu steak skewers, lamb chops and asparagus encrusted with crispy rice.They also have the most amazing bathroom. You'll know what I mean when you go.
5	Not only was the good amazing but the service was impeccable! It was our first time dining at Raku and the staff was really good about making sure we knew how to eat everything, what everything was, their recommendations, etc. Very very impressed!
5	I only have one statement to make:The tofu puts even pork belly to shame.Cream cheese cowers in front of that tofu.Foie gras respects and bows to this tofu.And that's all I've gotta say about that!
4	Yellowtail carpaccio is amazing. Waygu beef is done quite rare so it's a bit too chewy.
4	Everything else is at reasonable price, except special sashimi, good but little bit overpriced. Sea Urin with egg and Kobe beef filet is definitely  the star dish.
5	spectacular food, ambience is nice and traditional. loved it so much went two night in a row.
5	Same old Great Food and Service!!! I came back for the Foei Gras with the Soy Bean Base Sauce. I also tried something new today, The Duck!!! It was amazingly delicious!!!! I also recommended the Pork Cheek!!! A bit fatty, but nevertheless, super delicious!!! For Izakaya type food, it could not get any better than this. However, i highly suggested that you phone in a few days in advance to make a reservation. It also might take about two hours to finish your meal!!! Totally worth it though!! I will be coming back for more!!!
3	Went here on recommendation from a friend.  Made reservations about a month and a half in advance for a Friday night dinner.  Reservations a must!  They were turning away walk ins all evening while we were there. The restaurant atmosphere is wonderful.  Very intimate.  The servers are Japanese, which lends an authentic feel.  We decided to get the omakase menu for $100 a person.  We did not get to see a menu with the courses listed, and it was a bit hard to understand what our servers were saying at times, but we just went with it.The dishes that we liked were excellent.  The oyster and caviar, the foie gras.There were some pretty decent dishes, including the tofu, the sashimi dish, and some grilled skewers.  The fish course was decent, but there were some dry parts of the fish along with some delicious, moist pieces.The disappointment was the pork cheeks.  Very chewy, felt like we were biting into pieces of cartilage.  I couldn't eat mine.We had simple strawberry ice for dessert, which was OK, but I wished we had something more special.  The table next to us got Sukiyaki as a course and cheesecake as a dessert.  I think they did the $75 a person omakase menu.Well, not sure if I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.  Too many good restaurants to try in this city.  Glad I came and tried it though.  Maybe it was an off day and others have had better luck with their dishes.
3	Small tiny place that you have to make reservations for WAY in advance. My mom made a reservation for us 2 weeks in advance, and if you're late..within 15 minutes they will give your table to somebody else. Located in a small tiny corner in Chinatown. We got there about 10 minutes before our reservation time, but we were assisted to sit down right away. The food itself takes quite a long time to arrive. We were there for almost 2 hours. It took about a good 45 minutes for the first plate to come out. I actually prefer Shin Sen Gumi Yakitori over this place. The taste isn't as strong as theirs. But, overall it's pretty good. Popeye salad $8- Spinach and bacon (mainly), decently good. A little too salty, but a good salad nonetheless!Asparagus Okaki $5- DELICIOUS. Super crunchy, and it actually tasty cheesy! Nom nom. Juicy Fried Chicken $9- Not a favorite. Didn't have too much flavor to it, and it was strangely chewy. Slightly warm as well. Ice Fish $8.50- Frowning as I write this. I don't like fish, and I don't like seeing multiple tiny fishes fried up whole. I ate like 3.. D: no gusta.Agedashi Tofu $11- Pretty good! I just didn't like the fish eggs inside, but overall it was a good and flavored dish!Momo chicken thigh $2.75 each- Err, it was a little too pink for my liking, and it was kind of fatty. It was okay Tsukune $3.50 each- Shin Sen's is much tastier. This one comes as like a drumstick, and I had to keep adding more togarashi. Not enough sauce. Harami Kobe Beef skirt $7.50 each- Delicious! Comes with grunchy garlic chips. Mmm, super tasty!Yakionigiri $5.00 (comes with 2)- It was..okay. LolScallop with soy sauce $7.00- Not sure how this tasted. Didn't eat this one!Asparagus with Bacon $3.00- Comes with 3 pieces, pretty good. Asahi $7.00Umeshu $12.00 (super delicious!)Overall, the flavor was almost there, and I didn't think it was the greatest.
5	Drove here right after watching Las Vegas episode of Unique Eats on Cooking Channel. I've tried agedashi tofu from Japan, Korea, Cali, TX and some more in between and had better agedashi tofu but when Raku said it was homemade tofu it was just that, an awesome HOMEMADE agedashi tofu. Snapper collar was crispy almost to the perfection that didn't need any additional seasoning, chicken skewers bursted with charcoal grilled flavors. My fav. chicken with skin skewer.  Although I'm little disappointed that chefs are rushed by customers demands and they can't fully show their potential, definitely will visit again when its less busy.
4	Ate here last night, but left with lots of regrets. I've been dying to try this place for a while, but 1) I could never get a reservation and 2) the 1-2 friends that I have couldn't find time to come with me. I finally got my roommate and sister in-law to come with me yesterday and invited my sister-in-law's friends too. There was a total of 6 peeps and the only reservation available was at 6:30 PM. The hostess took my reservation and explained that we all need to be present for the reservation and because of the size of our group, we had to get omakese. Personally, I like omakese, which is a set Chef's Choice Prix Fixe items. The group agreed on the 60/person, but we had no idea what was to come. 1. Raku Tofu - Housemade tofu. Super fresh and we had specific instructions on how to eat it.  2. Assorted Sashimi - F-in' delicious. Some of the freshest cut fish that simply melts in your mouth. 3. Bora Bora appetizer - chilled, lightly battered pieces of fish serve with an onion/vinaigrette. 4. Grilled mushroom skewers - meh. 3 button mushrooms on a stick. underwhelmed. 5. Grilled baby barracuda - tender, flake fish. The server deboned it for us, but watch out for little bones while you eat. Tasty, but pretty simple dish. 6. Deep-fried Blowfish - light batter, served with a wedge of lemon. Reminded me fish and chips.7. Grilled Chicken meatball - not good at all. It reminded me of a gourmet chicken nugget, shaped into a drumstick and served with a popsticle stick. sadly, this was the most memorable, because it didn't flow with the rest of the meal. 8. Kobe Beef Skewer w/ garlic chips - Tender chunks of delicious beef. 9. Salmon & Salmon Roe Fried Rice - Awesome. light and flavorful.10. Homemade Strawberry Sorbet - Tasted like a virgin strawberry daiquiri drizzled with condense milk. I'm surprised that the bathroom doesn't get reviewed much. It's one of the nicest bathrooms I've every seen in a restaurant. The toilet is equipped with a japenese butt-washer. For your viewing pleasure, there's a tropical fish tank that is on the opposite wall. The automatic faucet is ridiculously responsive and the floors are so clean you could eat off of it. My regrets:1. Omakese - There were items that were delicious, but items that I did not like. The next time I come here, I'd like to go a la carte. 2. Bathroom - I should have pooped here and enjoyed the fish tank and butt washer. 3. Overeating - I knew I should have stopped, but when my sister-in-law asks me to help her finish, it's hard to turn down more food. Overall, I had a pleasant experience. I thought the omakese menu was just okay.  Unfortunately my favorites were the tofu and sashimi, which makes me sad since that's not really what was supposed to be their specialty. The service was top-notch and the bathroom was amazing. I would definitely come back, but do things differently. My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
5	Amazing food. Awesome owner. Just great everything. Love this place, and definitely plan on going back! :)
2	Honestly I don't know what the rave is about. The food is really mediocre for the price. We both ordered the Omakase at $80 each. Of all the items the most impressive is the stone crab claw they brought out, but we have to share one claw!!!The dessert is slush ice??? Kabuto is alot better.
5	If you're in Las Vegas and want to splurge on dinner--and where better to splurge than Las Vegas?--try Raku. The portions are small, but each dish and every ingredient is cooked to perfection. It will delight your taste buds and expose you to some remarkable Japanese food.  It's a dining experience you won't soon forget!See full review at http://www.flavorfuljourneys.com/raku-las-vegas/
5	Probably a 4.7 or 4.8, so I rounded up. Excellent, pleasant service and a nice journey of flavors for the palette - a unique taste of Japan so to speak. We did the $75 Omakase (there was also a $100 version which is more sashimi-oriented). The menu as I recall...- Homemade tofu with green tea salt and 8 different dried chilis and homemade soy sauce- Chili encrusted asparagus- Amberjack and Tuna sashimi with black soy seaweed (and a few others)- A salted, butterflied white fish of some kind (the waitress pleasantly carved it for us)- Kurobuta? pork cheek (a little too salty for me - the weakest of the courses)- Charcoal grilled Kobe beef (they use a "binchotan" to really bring out the charcoal flavor)- Teriyaki (or similar) foie gras- Green tea ice cream creme bruleeA great experience - but since they seat only 30 or so people, reservations can be tough. They were out of 2 of the 4 white wines on the list - that could be better managed.
5	For best authentic Japanese ... Raku is still a top favorite since its opening.  Now they have a cafe mainly - focused on desserts too!!!
5	The Chef here uses a special traditional Japanese charcoal that is completely different from American charcoal, to grill pork cheek, mountain trout and a long list of fireside cooking at this elegant izakaya.On my research on the charcoal - it is chemical free, almost smoke free and burns threes times hotter than the regular charcoal for up to 4-5 hours. The lack of chemicals and incredible high heat preserves it's natural juices.Try the agedashi tofu - it's a silken house-made tofu topped with salmon roe - it's to die for.
4	I'm a big fan and promoter of Raku and have probably more than 50% my friends to come here if not for a full dinner, at least for their Agedashi Tofu.  I always describe it as the best Agedashi tofu I have ever had in my life.  So I came here this past weekend just for a light late night snack ordering their foie gras, foie gras custard, bacon wrapped tomatoes and of course their Agedashi tofu.  All the dishes were great and as I remembered from the last few times I visited, but the Agedashi tofu was off for once.  It was not silky smooth on the inside as it normally is.  Hopefully that was just a one time quality control thing.  Overall it was still a great experience and I would still recommend everyone to come here just to try their Agedashi tofu if nothing at all.
5	Simply the best upscale-ish Japanese dining in LV. I'm always excited to have the Omekase here. I would even go as far as saying that Raku beats Donguri, one of my fave upscale-ish Japanese restaurants on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
4	My wife and I are both Japanese and consider this place to be one of the few in Vegas to get real Japanese food. The agedashi tofu is great, and I swear they import the Asahi straight from Japan (Japanese beer in this country is really watered down). Stuck mostly with the yakitori, so can't say much about the sashimi but he seems meticulous so I'm sure it's great. Be prepared to spend some $$ if you're looking to get full though. Otherwise plan a trip to In-N-Out on your way home lol.
5	I was skeptical at first, but I'm happy we tried this place. It's located towards the corner of a very small plaza (which may look a bit questionable late at night). The restaurant itself is tiny so make sure you have a reservation! We did the 10 course tasting menu while I added a couple items for myself. Everything was good, but here are the top items of the night. House Tofu- Don't even compare this to your grocery-store-bought tofu. It's light and fresh and served with green onions, bonito flakes, and soy sauce. Also, it's a house specialty so I feel like it's a waste to not try it!Blue Fin Tuna- Okay, I confess. I didn't actually have this. I had everything else on the sashimi platter, but the boys would not shut their mouths about the blue fin tuna for the next few days. So, if it's available, order it. The other fish were very fresh.Pork Iberico- So juicy and flavorful! If you like fatty pork, definitely order this. We also ordered the pork cheek, but the Iberico was far better.Kobe Beef Skirt Steak- So yummy... and served with tiny garlic crisps on top. Some of the best skirt steak of my life. It was very tender and had a thick sweet sauce. Foie Gras- This stuff melts in your mouth. It's so rich I could just feel my arteries tightening. But it was still deliciously worth it. It's a small medallion, but you should probably share this with others, though you won't want to. Everyone who served us was kind, knowledgeable, and very patient while we debated heatedly over what to order to get the most out of our experience. Expect to spend more than $50 per person to be satisfied as most dishes are small. I highly recommend one of the tasting menus for a first-timer.The decor is nice, but, just in case you were wondering, their restroom has one of those high-tech Japanese multi-function toilets. Not that I knew what any of the buttons do, but I wouldn't be surprised if you could use it to print something. Plus there's an AQUARIUM! Yup. an aquarium. in the bathroom. with fish in it. So remember to excuse yourself to check out the fish while you're there!
5	I love this place!The only thing i regret is not getting the omakase.... but hopefully we'll make it back here again the next time we visit LV.
5	My newest vegas obsession!  Loved the food. Hard to get in but worth the wait. Definitely call for reservations.  We picked several dishes from the menu but I plan to go back and try their omakase. The homemade Tofu was amazing!  I prefer the raku over the agedashi, but both were great. The crispy asparagus okaki and Enoki wrapped in bacon were yummy. The foie gras custard was rich but so good. We were happily stuffed and only spent about $80 for 2 people and had sake.  Great prices!  I can definitely spending more but mostly on sake!  The only thing we didn't try was the dessert :(  we were just too full... Everything was so good we couldn't let any of the food go to waste.
5	Small Place! Reservations HIGHLY recommended!They turned away 6 parties as  I was there because they could not accomadate.Decor : very cute dark lighting woodsy feel. Very nice intimate setting.Think Tapas. Small Bites but a whole lot of flavor. =DFoie Gras w/soy sauce Glaze - Yum! Omg! If I could describe this correctly, it is like a melt in your mouth with a soft glaze and crispy outer shell. Like Perfect! So good!Kurobuta pork cheek skewer - Yum. The Cheek is soo meaty and juicy and good. =DKobe Beef Filet Skewer w/ Wasabi - Yes please! The meat the meat seasoned perfectly, it was so good. The wasabi mind you was real wasabi w/ real bits in there to clear up those sinuses!! Poached Egg Custard with uni - Good. Egg Custard was very light and fluffy. Made perfectly, topped with uni and some daikon? radishes. It was good, but I felt like the uni portion was very small comparable to the egg proportion. The daikon radish, gave it some texture, but I am not sure if it complemented the dish as much. I iked the okra slices. =D yay for okra!Steamed Foie Gras Egg Custard - Ehh. I felt like the Egg overpowered the Foie Gras taste, but you can still taste it. It was a large proportion of egg to foi gras. It was still good, but not as great.Scallop w/soy sauce glaze - Good. I liked the scallop with presentation. It was cooked perfectly, however I felt the soy sauce glaze was a little salty with the scallop, but it was still good. Wagyu Beef Sashimi w/raw wasabi & beef infused soy sauce - OMG. Heaven. So good. the meat was like butter where it just melts in your mouth and isn't too overpowering with the wasabi. the wasabi was very good. The soy sauce was infused with beef as well. Whatttt!!! you can actually taste the flavors.Green tea creme brulee - Good! Yum. It is actual green tea creme brulee. The texture was perfect and the Green Tea flavor did not overpower. It was very good.I would have went to Sweets by Raku next door, but It was closed by the time I finished dinner. Find the big Spoon on the wall since they don't have a sign yet.Overall: Definitely coming back. Comparable price & quality wise, it is about the same price as a Vegas Buffet, but man,  the quality is just superior. This place is totally worth it over a buffet anyday. I still dream of the food. It's not weird right? ^__^
5	Words cannot express how yummy this food is, a hidden gem!  I had so many things there I would never have tried (my friend picked randomly).  Reservations are a MUST if you want to ensure you aren't turned away.  People book ahead well in advance for this amazing gem and it's packed from open til close.Don't be fooled by the plaza its' in, it doesn't really belong in the same class as the other businesses and the parking lot is always full (park across the street to the right)....but TOTALLY WORTH IT!!
5	Since my initial visit during their first year opened, I've been back a handful of times and felt it was time I updated my review.  Raku is the kind of place we usually reserve for special occasions and recommend to out of town guests.  Our most recent visit was only last week as the Husband and I celebrated our five year wedding anniversary.We attempted to make reservations on the same day and the only opening they had was at 9:00 pm.  We did a walk in to hopefully land a cancellation spot or two of the coveted five counter seats, and it was only a 30 minute wait for the counter seats!  Sweet!  But yes, make reservations way in advance, especially if you have a larger party or it's a weekend.The thing to look out for is the Specials Board.  They usually list about 5-6 items on there that range from raw to cooked items.  The weirdest part about this board is that it will change during your visit there.  During our 2-3 hour dinner, we saw some things sell out and get replaced with something else.  The waitstaff doesn't mention the newer items, so it's something you just have to look out for.  (For example, oysters were not listed on the specials board but the party sitting next to us ended up ordering the last giant oyster.  They were seated after us and only knew about it because the oyster was sitting on ice right in front of them!  They had squid on ice too, but it wasn't listed on the specials board!)  So, not only are you keeping your eyes out for the changing Specials Board but you have to see what's fresh and on ice that day!  We do get a few cooked items and although they are good, the raw fish choices are always the best!These days we skip the Robata Grill items, not because they aren't tasty but we like to focus on the more unique items.  One of our most favorite items is the Crispy Asparagus Okaki ($5).  It's a simple asparagus that's been dredged in rice crackers and deep-fried.  I don't know why it's so good but it just is.  And when you add a little of their matcha salt, oh my gawd!  I just love it.Another item we had on this last visit include the Steamed Foie Gras Egg Custard ($10).  There's a piece of duck that lays on top of this dish, and it's actually duck liver they use, not goose.  The foie gras is already mixed in with the egg, so it gives the whole dish a rich egg taste.  Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe ($9) is another unusual pairing, mostly because of the mountain yam that gives this dish a slimy texture.  You break up the egg and mix it all together, but you can't help but notice the slimy effect from the mountain yam.  It's a tasty nonetheless.  The Kobe Beef Liver Sashimi ($9.50) is something that not everyone would enjoy.  The Husband isn't usually a fan of liver, except served foie gras style, but he was game.  And it did still lend a livery taste, but it's something that you have to try once.I always enjoy homemade tofu and Raku's Tofu (Whole $5.50) does not disappoint.  They server theirs with bonito shavings, ginger, and scallions.The four condiments placed on every table should not go ignored, especially the green tea salt and their own soy sauce.  Yum!Since they expanded, their bathrooms are indeed something to look at.  First off, it's so clean and pristine and holds one of the cleanest fish tanks you'll ever see on Spring Mountain! Service on our last few visits have been much better compared to my first visit.  The waitress that took care of us at the counter never let my water glass go empty and she was always letting us know when our food was coming so we weren't waiting too long and giving us clean plates too.My only real gripe was this: Although I usually love sitting at the counter so I can watch the chefs at work, I also can't overlook things that probably shouldn't be seen by dining guests.  One of the prep guys at the counter sneezed into his hands and continued prepping the food.  I was totally turned off by this, especially because there was a sink right behind him.  It wasn't too long after when the Husband said to me that we weren't going to be ordering anymore cold foods.  When I inquired as to why, he said he noticed the same prep guy just cough into his hands and continue working.  Yes, a sneeze and cough into the very bare hands that were prepping the food.  Yuck.Nonetheless, we still do love Raku and would continue recommending it.  But alas, those basic hygiene issues need to be addressed!  4.5 stars.
3	My boyfriend wanted to come here for awhile, so we were finally able to manage to come for his birthday. However if you have a party of 6 or more, you have to order the pre fixe menu. The restaurant is small, probably fits about less than 30 people. There were two choices for the pre fixe menu. $75 & $100. We decided to go for the $75 menu. 1. Soft Tofu- house mad tofu. So good! It comes with some green onions and ginger, then you pour plum soy sauce on it for a salty flavor.2. Tomato skewer- Baby cherry tomatoes marinated in garlic olive oil. This had amazing flavor but to be honest, I could make this at home. 3. Sashimi Bowl- 5 different types of raw fish, I loved this part of the dinner! everything had a different texture and flavor4.Grilled Prawn- hmm.. not impressed. 5. Flying Fish- Fried finish with fried mushrooms in soy sauced based sauce. I think I was pretty full by this point, so I didnt enjoy it so much6. Grilled Waygu Beef  with Wasabi skewer- All the guys loved this. Beef was tender.7. Grilled Spanish Ham skewer- Think of it as pork belly on a stick, so when you chew the ham all the fat and oil sinks into your mouth. I could only eat a bite of this.8. Salmon Rice- Eh... I didn't like the flavors as much. I think there was too much ginger in this dish so it killed the flavor.9. Strawberry Mint Sherbet with condense melt- I love dessert, but I wasn't impressed! I could make this at home.Overall.. don't do the Pre Fixe menu! try and order from their regular menu!.. I'll probably come back to do their regular menu instead.
5	My third visit to Raku was a completely different experience than my last two visits in that this was my first time coming here solo.  Because of this, I wasn't able to order as much food since I had no one to share around.  However, from what I ordered during this trip, it was plenty enough to still impress and satisfy me.Agedashi Tofu -- http://bit.ly/1faVKnuThe first two times I visited I had tried their housemade Raku Tofu and had been amazed by it both times.  So this time I ordered it Agedashi style because for one thing, it looks awesome in the photos, and the other is that everything is elevated to awesomer status when it's deep fried.Foie Gras Egg Custard -- http://bit.ly/1h53VDeYou didn't think I was gonna leave Raku, or all of Vegas, without getting my Foie Gras fix since it's banned in my home state of CA.  I had this dish last time I went to Raku, but the big difference with this visit is that I got to have this all to myself......bwahahahah!Wagyu Sukiyaki -- http://bit.ly/IIHIyXThis was on the No.1 item on the top of their Specials board.  That meant that they wanted you to order it!  Like most of the items on the board there is no price listed so you know you're gonna fork up the dollars.  I've never had Grade A5 Wagyu before so this was my splurge of my entire trip.The Sukiyaki is cooked right in front of you on top of a bed of their special smoke free charcoal (http://bit.ly/IIHCaz).  Took about 5 mins to cook.There's a lot going on with this pot, first you have the A5 Wagyu on top, and underneath all that goodness, you have the housemade Raku Tofu with clear noodles and veggies.  The trippy part for me was that they give you a raw egg in a small bowl with which you must crack and beat to use for dipping sauce for the beef.  This may be sensitive to some folks, but I had good faith in their product so I went with it and it actually went well with the Wagyu Beef.  The only minor caveat I had with this dish was that the sukiyaki broth was a little too much on the sweet side.  But that is a really minor complaint because I totally enjoyed this dish.  At $45, for probably the most expensive Sukiyaki I've ever had, it was worth every penny!!Raku has done it again to impress me with their top notch service and incredible food.  It has shown me that whether you come in with a group or dine in solo, you'll have an awesome experience no matter what!!  I'll be back again soon!!!
5	Absolutely fabulous! Le Cirque, this is how it's done. Fabulous service, pride in what they serve, well seasoned food, could not fault it. We tried both the House Tofu which was, as someone else described it... like a delicate soft ricotta cheese... but this was better than that... unlike any other tofu I have tried, and the accompaniments really favored the tofu, second on the list was the agedashi tofu, in a well seasoned broth, delicious. An outstanding Seared Foie Gras in a soy based glazed sauce, and although there was evidence of a very small vein, it was so deliciously done, well seared and seasoned, I can certainly overlook it. The Kobe beef with Garlic was tender and so flavorful, the chicken thigh simple but yummy. Also tried the refreshing Vinegary cucumber & seaweed with a lighter than expected vinegary taste, and lastly we tried the juicy deep fried chicken, which was delicious, but a bit too pink in the middle for my liking and safety. We missed going to Sweets Raku afterwards, due that we had $50 worth of Jean Phillip Pastries to go back to
5	I know you don't have to venture very far to find some amazing food in Vegas, but this place is awesome and well worth the cab ride to Chinatown to experience it.  The food has never disappointed and the servers always seem excited about the food they are bringing you. . . they obviously know it's pretty special.   They are known for the Tofu- I know, tofu, what?  Won't try to explain - just go try it- and everything else!
5	Simply amazing! One of the best restaurants I have ever eaten in. The poached egg with sea urchin and salmon roe, the sashimi salad, and the Kobe beef and iberico pork are a must.
3	The food here is still delightful (though, less so on the last visit). The service and atmosphere are far behind. Add to that the woeful wine pours, and I cannot justify going back to this place anytime soon. When they open a location or get a staff that is up to (or near) the bar the food sets, I will gladly return.
5	This is a great, no... Awesome Japanese restaurant!!!! I love the tofu, never tried a tofu so fresh before. The sushi is also very very good! I recommend for everyone that wants a authentic Japanese experience.
5	I have to say that this is one the best meals I've ever had in Vegas!  Off the strip in Chinatown area, the taxi ride is totally worth it... we came here with another couple and didnt expect to order much since we had Bacchanal for lunch.  We were seated in one of the private booth type areas.  The service is great here!  I'll keep this short and simple but everything we ordered was AMAZING!!!!!
5	Had an "omakase" dinner and the experience was as other reviewers have mentioned.  The food and service were excellent.  I love japanese food, and everything that came with the dinner were excellently prepared.  I go here on every visit to Vegas.  It's just "AWESOME"!
4	We waited an hour for a table. Then waited and waited for dishes to come. It told 2 hours to get a handful of skewers and four dishes. It was excellent food and I would go back for sure.It's kind of an izakaya but not really since it's more upscale than that, the service is painfully slow and they serve dish they wouldn't have in a Japanese izakaya.We went there at 9:30 without a reservation. The host said he could seat us in 30 minutes so we told him we would go to Sweets Raku next door and have dessert first. It seemed like a good plan but then he called not 10 minutes after we started eating our first dessert course to say our table was really so we missed that opportunity since we could abandon our food at Sweet Raku.We got back to Raku at 10:30 and waited for a table and waited and waited, once it got past 30 minutes we should have left but it became a game to see just when we would get a table. It was 11:30 when we got seated and 1:45am when we finished. The service was incredibly slow. In the first 45 minutes we only got three dishes-one every 15 minutes. I've been Izakayas in Japan and in North America so I know that the ones in North America are very different and far more upscale and slow than the common ones in Japan. Usually if I spend that much time in one in Japan it's because there has been lots of drinking and lots of food.But the food, the food was good enough that I would go back and would recommend it to a diner with time to spare. The foie gras chawanmushi was awesome. We got a special of grilled langoustines that wasn't over cooked and served whole. the yellowtail carpaccio as well as the grilled yellowtail was good. I don't know if the tofu was the freshest I've ever had but it was really excellent in terms of texture. The cost was pretty reasonable, 100 dollars for two people without alcohol. They mixed up our orders twice. Towards the end there was a table of regulars that came in and they got served immediately and got 6 dishes in less than 30 minutes meanwhile there were two tables with reservations that had to wait with us and they waited quite a bit. So don't expect fair or quick service. I wouldn't recommend Raku for a vegetarian as many of the vegetable dishes have fish stock or other animal products in the prep. It's wheelchair accessible but not well designed for it. It's wasn't too noisy and the lighting is decent.
5	BEST RESTAURANT IN VEGAS.  First time I went there was a big group of us so we got the taster's menu.  I have been hooked ever since.  The quality of food is something you wouldn't expect at a tiny corner place in a strip mall in Chinatown.   Used to be a hidden gem, but not so much now that the word's out.  Never had a bad meal here.  The Foie Gras melts in your mouth.  Agedashi Tofu is best ever and I've had my share, but now I will only eat it here and always eat it when I'm here.  Everything on the menu is delicious.  It is not cheap and there is a wait sometime for the food but this isn't Claim Jumpers where you come to stuff your face. It's a place where you enjoy great food with great company.  Make a reservation and go there.
5	Best salad ever. Every thing tasted really good.
5	This is something as rare as an easy 5 star! A friend of mine showed me this place in 2009 and I have been coming back on a regular basis since then. Back then we never had to reserve a table despite it being a very small place. That is unfortunately not the case anymore! You have to call in if you want a table in peak dinner hours.This is a different experience than most other places. You can eat a lot of small and cheap courses that just tastes amazing. They can make small simple things taste fantastic, like tomatoes or asparagus (both with or without bacon) on a grill. When I have been here I have always picked a lot of different small things and I even tried the Pic ear :)  Needless to say: It tasted better then it looked. Not a thing I necessarily would recommend to everybody, but most of the other things are great!This is still one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Vegas!
5	Best Japanese restaurant in Vegas...well I've only tried this one but I am sure a lot of people will agree. We had the hamachi collar, kinki sashimi and grilled, foie gras on a skewer, agedashi tofu, foie gras and tofu, butter sauteed scallop with soys sauce, direct flamed eggplant, poached egg with sea urchin and salmon roe, and some kobe and pork skewers. It was a very memorable food experience and I have no problem suggesting this restaurant for it's high quality food and service. Be sure to check it out if you are in Vegas and want to eat more than just Sushi rolls for Japanese food.
3	I am not sure most of reviewers are having same as my expericence in WAITING, not for seating but for serving.Ordered 6 dishes....Got 1st dish about 15 minutes later.....Took 1 minute to finish....And this was repeated 6 times....(Sorry for my sweetheart as I did not check yelp pictures of food carefully....)Among orders, duck and lamb chop were really tender and juicy, but...duck was only 3 of really small pieces, and lamb chop also could be done less than 1 minute.So if you are not quantity sensitive and have plenty of time for meal, this place would be ok.
5	Must make reservation early. The omakase always takes us 2+ hours, leaving us impatient and not full... but still worth going!
5	I had a 4 Vegas culinary excursion planned starting on 1/9/14 and hands down Raku was the highlight! Many rave about Raku, including Mr. Bizarre foods: Andrew Zimmern. He spoke very highly about his 2 favorite restaurants in Vegas that didn't make his shows and Raku was one of them. It's also rated 4.5/5 stars over 600 reviews on Yelp and is high on every food list. I had to see what the hype was about!The food is absolutely glorious! The food is cooked Robata style meaning fireside cooking or Japanese style grilling. It's so simple but the flavor will blow your mind. I remember trying the Salmon with the perfectly grilled crispy skin. After the 1st bite, I immediately ordered 2 more! I also ordered the chicken wrapped with chicken skin, chicken thigh steak with lime, the salmon with Ikura Oroshi, the Enoki Mushroom with bacon! Each dish was memorable!I've always wanted to try the infamous Blue Fin Tuna and Raku took my virginity. It melted in my mouth and the presentation was beautiful. I thought to myself so that's why it's endangered! I would have been happy with 3 orders of Blue Fin.I had reservation for 730 we got there around 630 and they seated us early. I love the little wooden box with the button you can push to summon a waitress. The Sake cup presentation was really cool and there was one cup that was hilarious....see the pictures. The little private dojo style room we sat in transported you to Japan. The bathroom with the rose petals on the ground and huge tree was nifty and the service was top notch.Believe the hype! Raku is the truth. If your anywhere near Vegas, Raku is abs mandatory! Like a "3 Michelin star restaurant" diners at eat extremely well, often superbly. Distinctive dishes are precisely executed, using superlative ingredients and is worth a special journey!
5	Everything was excellet!!! Food, Sake, service and etc etc...  I can't wait to come back.
4	The two of us walked in at 9pm on a Saturday night without a booking and we were told half an hour, we managed to get seated within 10 mins because of some no-shows! The service is great, really efficient. Standouts of the night: tofu (plain more than agadeshi), sea urchin with egg & roe, tuna sashimi special. Also they have a nice toilet - Japanese toilet seat
5	This place is AMAZING. Be prepared to spend some $$$. Reservations are recommended. Tried as many dishes as possible: Kobe beef, scallops, salmon, agedashi tofu, foie gras and cheesecake, just to name a few! Wanted to try the uni but  sadly they were out. Also wanted to try their wagyu beef sukiyaki special but it was priced at $45 - will have to save up for that! :) Def check this place out. The ambiance is very traditional Japanese. Be prepared to wait if you don't have reservations - good thing is they're open late.
5	As someone who was born and raised in Japan, I can safely assure you that Raku is absolutely the most authentic, the best Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas.Before moving to Vegas, I had lived for 8 years in San Francisco Bay Area, and there were great Japanese restaurants, but few match Raku.Although on the high end, the prices aren't crazy expensive either, I'd say it's reasonable for the quality.I'm very surprised that most of Japanese restaurants on the Strip are mere gewgaws, full of upscale looking gimmicks, but I won't complain because we have Raku!
5	This was my 2nd time here. Raku is probably the best restaurant I've ever been to! It's so much better than anything on The Strip. Some favorites include the sea urchin cold dish, sashimi specials, and pork cheek and pork ear skewers. The specials board can be a bit spendy, but I've never been disappointed. Save room for dessert at Snowflake shavery in the same parking lot--the perfect ending to a perfect meal.
5	Eating at Raku is a dining experience. This was the best meal we had in Vegas on our visit. Simple food prepared perfectly. The ingredients were top of the line and not overpowered by a sauce or some food trend or technique. The service was stellar, they answered any questions, made recommendations, and explained the variety of condiments (the green tea sea salt was my favorite) that would work best in each dish.We ordered a lot. The items that literally blew my mind were the bacon wrapped enoki (how can you get so much flavor out of 2 ingredients? It was so umami!), the apple marinated lamb chop (the flavor of this was such a surprise - sweet and savory and oh so tender), and the foie gras don (which was so unctuous and rich and served with a sweet soy glaze over some shredded napa cabbage and rice. It was rich, sweet, savory, crispy from the napa cabbage and so darn good! Foie gras fans, do not ignore!). My hubby would add the yellowtail to this list. We also had the blue fin (beautiful presentation), the Kobe beef outside skirt (good but nothing special), duck breast (delicious, could really taste the smokiness of the grill), pig ear (good flavor, crispy but an interesting texture), chicken wing (good but there are better things to order), and there was a fish on special prepared 2 ways - grilled and fried in a to-die-for broth we had. Sorry can't remember the name of the fish. Everything was delicious and prepared simply and perfectly.Each dish was brought out separately from lightest to heaviest. There was no rush to turn tables. You could just dine and really savor the food and the experience. We had reservations at 10:30pm and didn't finish until after midnight. I was so full I passed on dessert. They ran out of the melting chocolate cake and fluffy cheesecake, so instead of ordering something sweet, hubby ordered another bacon wrapped enoki mushroom! Yes, it is THAT good!This meal was so memorable and I totally recommend for anyone wanting to get away from the Strip and experience something unique and simply delicious!
5	On a mission to find the BEST Authentic Japanese Restaurant in Las Vegas...we've found our winner. This place is AMAZING!!! And while it may seen a bit pricey compared to it's competitors, thats because you get what you pay for!!! Raku uses only the freshest & finest ingredients available. I cant tell you how delicious this place is, and i love that its off the strip. SO SO SO GOOD!!! I ate there 2 nights ago & I'm already craving a second visit :) Some of my favorite items included the Kobe Beef Filet with Wasabi, Chicken breast wrapped with chicken skin, bacon-wrapped mushrooms and the Bluefin Tuna Sashimi, I cant wait to come back and try some more things on the menu.Not only was the food incredible, but the service was also outstanding. Our server was so helpful & informative, and so nice! Truly in a league of its own, RAKU is officially my favorite Japanese Restaurant in all of Las Vegas! See More Here: http://thesuiteworld.com/dining/aburiya-raku-japanese-robata-las-vegas-open-late-restaurant/
4	The food was very authentic and its good to see real Japanese people working there. I couldn't understand the heavy accent of the waiter but was able to place my order. The sake was very good and the food is excellent. I would recommend coming here. This was my second time and I took my girlfriend here who want to eat Japanese food. 4 STARS.
5	In town for a bachelor party and the bachelor and his brother are both chefs so I knew when they set up a reservation at this place that it was upon good research and recommendation. We received 7 courses in total, each better than the last. As we waited for dinner to begin we enjoyed sake as well as the ambience. The bathrooms in Raku where really breathtaking. Unfortunately just before dinner they were both occupied and my friend was forced to quietly vomit in a private corner.  Very accommodating, indeed. First up was a tofu dish. I don't typically enjoy tofu but this was different. It was a soft tofu that was perfectly seasoned, and the condiments were perfectly paired. In fact, perfect condiments were the theme of dinner. Such a seemingly small detail but when done right it goes a long way! All at the table enjoyed the tofu with the exception of my friend who had been busy eradicating his upper GI tract of any free radicals since we sat down. He excused himself to the bathroom to seek solitude in the cool grass floor covering and  the warm heated toilet. Next out was the fish. I'm not well versed in fish so I won't attempt to rehash all the sashimi that we enjoyed but it was all well cut, presented, and of course delicious. Once again the condiments were perfect. The pickled ginger was a fresh take on ginger for me.  At this point the sake was really flowing and our friend returned. I fed him a piece of tuna and he found it so tasty his body immediately began telling him he should make room for more, so after ordering him a ginger ale we excused him to step outside and take some air.The lamb chops- my goodness. I don't think I've ever had them so succulent before! Fortunately for us our friend was still enjoying the night air, so we had one to spare. As we speculated wether or not our friend would quietly disappear into a taxi cab outside we divided his chop and all the meat quickly disappeared. Against all odds our friend returned and next up was the whole fried flying fish. The meat of the flying fish was wonderful, but I was feeling bold and went after the fish skeleton. Whole fried fish skeleton is delightfully crunchy and the cheek of the head is arguably the best part of the fish. We quickly layer waste to two entire fish and when the frenzy was over only the fins remained. I hope I have a chance to enjoy flying fish again'Next came the beef. When our friend saw the Kobe beef yakatori with wasabi on top he was so excited he couldn't stop himself from evacuating his stomach right there at the table. We'd later take advantage of an extra foie gras courtesy of our friend. It turns out that when you're slouched over in your chair with your forehead against the cool wallpapered wall of a restaurant and slyly booting on the floor next to your chair, it makes you think about life, it makes you feel generous and you share more food with your friends. As dinner wound down and we finished all the sake, our friend finally turned the corner and was able to eat some fried chicken. We enjoyed the company of our waitress and the family atmosphere. We enjoyed a few more dishes but I'll leave the reader to explore the menu on their own. You really must go to Raku!  Food was A+, restaurant was beautiful, and the staff was private and polite! Cheers!
5	ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! It is a small venue with limited seating so be sure to make a reservation and don't be late! If you are 15 minutes past your reservation, they will give your spot up and then you will miss out on delicious food. I was lucky enough to walk in and have a table available but I won't be testing my luck in the future. When looking at the menu, the prices are affordable but portions are small so the total adds up at the end. You will still leave satisfied but it does tend to be on the pricey side. Many options to appeal to everyone's taste buds! I am not a fish lover but the wasabi filet & garlic filet are to die for. Don't forget to order the crispy asparagus! So yummy you will want seconds. Ready for dessert? Skip it at Raku and head across the parking lot to Sweets Raku where you can eat the menu!
5	This is Vegas hidden treasure. Food is amazing everytime . Andrew's service is exceptional!!! Fish is always fresh.
5	One of the best Yakitori places i've been to in recent years. The Lamb chops, kobe beef filet with wasabi, foie gras steam custard (chawamushi), and beef tendon are must have items. The best thing about these dishes were they weren't overcooked like most other places, and the charcoal wood definitely imparts a nice char smell. most of the items we ordered came medium rare and so moist that was just melting in your mouth. Aside from the yakatori dishes, they have daily specials that can be grilled, fried, or served as sashimi. The house made tofu was also very silky/unique. And some of our sashimi dishes were also excellent. Definitely can't wait to come back and try other dishes.
4	Wow wow wow what a gem of a surprise when a friend of mine brought me here for dinner during a once-in-twenty-year getaway that involved a couple of evenings in Las Vegas. Not a place I'd normally visit on my own so was excited to try some different food. I tried pretty much everything that wasn't fish on the a la cart menu and with the exception of the fried shrimp I was happy or delighted. The fois gras was the highlight - I ordered a second round. Actually the sake was the real highlight and the wait staff was the second best highlight. My companion knows good sake and ordered each of us a glass of his favorite and it knocked my socks off. When he then asked about ordering a small bottle of a different sake the wait staff steered him clear of it, which was a classy move. Things that knocked Raku down from five stars: at the time my companion reconfirmed the reservation which he'd made months in advance he was  warned that they needed to turn over the table by 8pm and we'd need to vacate - definitely not a classy move. Second, their menu was out of date - when I ordered dessert I was told the item had been discontinued for some time. On the plus side, we were steered to Raku's sister dessert restaurant in the same plaza and had a five-star experience there - yes, even better than Raku!
5	Awwwwwww love love love love this place!!!I never expected to find a izakaya place this good in Vegas! I mainly enjoy their tofu! They make it fresh every day! Make sure you get the raw tofu, not the agedashi! Oh and their pig ears are pretty awesome too! They recommend using the chili sake condiment from Okinawa. I'm Okinawan and it def had nostalgic feel to it I when I had the pig eat with chili sake. It's pretty much chili soaked in awamori shochu.  They usually have week special. Their kanpachi sashimi is delicious! Surprisingly very fresh! Oh and hamachi kama was made to perfection! Very juicy! MMMM my mouth is watering just thinking about it! I will keep going back to Raku whenever I'm in Vegas! :)
5	Dining here was an absolute pleasure. After a failed attempt to dine here with a couple friends a year or so ago, I returned with a mission to dine at this renowned establishment. I can't exactly recall everything we ordered but the ones that I really enjoyed were the tofu, sashimi, and glazed foie gras. All of the dishes were exceptionally fresh and each respective dish tantalized our palates. Their dishes were exceedingly simple, yet complex and robust in taste. Even though it may be off the beaten path, I highly recommend you visit this restaurant the next time you are out in Vegas!
5	Very small place. About 9 or 10 tables and few seats at the bar. If you want to dine during dinner time you better make reservations weeks in advance. Very high quality Japanese food. Definitely not cheap. One of the best meal I have ever had. Foe Gras was to die for. 2 thumbs way way up!
3	My boyfriend discovered Raku while researching the top restaurants in Las Vegas. We were able to score a (late) reservation for 6 on a Saturday night at 12am. We were told that groups of more than 5 are required to select the omakase menu for $75 per person. I was expecting to be blown away by the food here after reading numerous reviews of the restaurant. The verdict? The food was definitely over-hyped. We had a good meal but nothing really stood out. We started with a tofu appetizer where the star of the dish was the green tea salt (which you can purchase here). Other courses included a whole fried fish in broth, various charcoal bbq skewers, soup, and assorted sashimi. All of the ingredients were high-quality but nothing really blew me away. When it came time for dessert, all we got was some fruit sorbet. I'm sorry but for $75 per person, I would have expected something better (green tea creme brulee, anyone?). Overall, I might consider coming back and ordering a la carte items from the menu as I saw some interesting offerings. My advice -- steer clear of the omakase menu.
4	Very good food, maybe a little overhyped. Tried the salmon belly, Kobe skirt steak, homemade tofu, foie gras, butter scallop, and a few other things, but these are the ones that stand out in memory. All delicious memories except the scallop....I can't get over $8 for a single scallop that was chewy.Don't go when you are starving...it's small plates brought out one at a time. Nice for a lingering meal while catching up with friends, but when I'm hungry I want fooood nowwww and the pace here doesn't allow for that. To go on an empty stomach and eat to satiety would probably work out to be on the higher end of the price range, but it's definitely good quality food with decent service. The waitress was professional, but not personable like what I'm used to at most restaurants. I enjoyed the experience, but would probably only return if I was in Vegas with a specific craving for something they feature.
5	Raku is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've been to and way better than most Japanese restaurants in San Francisco.  Everything prepared on the robata grill is exquisite - everything finishes with a smoky finish.  I especially loved the ibarico pork, duck breast with balsamic vinegar. Other items like the asparagus okaki, onsen tamago with uni and ikura, sashimi salad, agedashi handmade tofu, foie gras don - all delicious.  Very nice staff - service is Japanese specialty.
5	Raku is a true gem in Las Vegas. It is located off the hustle and bustle of the strip in a non descript strip mall,don't be fooled by the location,the restaurant is super. Our waitress was super helping us with our selections which ended up being a sake and the days omikase. The dishes themselves were works of art besides being made with fresh and high quality ingredients.   Raku you deserve 5 stars if not more,definitely a must when in Vegas.
4	We enjoyed dining at Raku.  The food was delicious and service was great.  We ordered 2 of the specials - Wagyu beef sukiyaki and grilled flounder.  The beef was so tender and juicy, probably the best sukiyaki I've ever had.  The flounder was grilled just right with lots of flavor.  We already got some grilled items including chicken wings and beef liver.  They were both really good and very authentic.  The only thing that was strange was the order in which the food came out.  The grilled chicken wing came out first, the main course: grilled flounder right after and then the miso soup.  Sukiyaki came out after a long long time and the beef liver and agedashi tofu at the very end.  The wait for food was super long but the quality of food and authenticity of food was excellent.
3	I LOVED every dish we ordered. Everything is way over priced though If I was to rate this place based on quality alone, it would receive a 5 star BUT its really expensive for the amount of food you get. Although the grilled duck was probably the best duck I have EVER tasted. I don't think you can go wrong eating here, but if you don't plan to eat something like dessert after, and you're a big eater, you may want to bring a credit card or some large bills. Mine ran to be about $60 for 2 people, but we ordered a few dishes only and luckily,  i had eaten a little prior to coming or else I would have left feeling under fed. Eating before left me feeling just content enough to stuff myself with dessert at Sweet's Raku after. It was definitely a good experience, but nothing I'd come back for mostly because of the pricing. I love good quality food, but not this expensive.
1	So I guess I should have listened to the ONE person on here who said the food was average. I wouldn't even have called it average.I've been eating Japanese since around 1990 & NOT just sushi either. I'm also a foodie. That's not my point though because even if I hadn't had these dishes before, it's the flavor that matters, not what it's called.1. I couldn't get a table. I had to sit at the bar which I don't like, as I don't like high chairs & 2 tables were empty, but I figured they were reserved.2. I didn't find out until afterward that the prices are TERRIBLY expensive. For $4-9 you get ONE tiny item. So if it's a mushroom, it's one & tiny, if it's a skewer, it's one & tiny.3. The food was tasteless in my opinion. The only thing that had a bit of taste to it was the ground chicken in the portobello mushroom & it WASN'T a HUGE cap, it was again, tiny.I ordered their so called home made tofu for my agedashi tofu which I eat every time I eat Japanese, & it was nothing. Tasteless even after being soaked in their sauce.Oh & I got 1/2 a portion that was $7!!!! That equals maybe 2 squares you'd get when you eat regular tofu. Agedashi tofu usually runs around $4-5.Even the miso wasn't anything to write home about.And yes the green tea was bitter, but that I could handle as some green tea is bitter. That was $3.50.I walked out of there spending $43 (excluding tip so I paid around $50) & I was hungry, as ALL I ordered were 4 appetizer items & since they were all only one item on the plate, I was PISSED.Nothing irks me more than when I lose a lot of money to a terrible restaurant. Had at least the food been really good, I could have chalked it up to just a pretentious restaurant, but it wasn't.I had to eat again within 2 hours because I was starving.
5	All of the food that I have tried here is superb, but my favorite is the home made agadashi tofu and the foie gras
5	I could have sworn that I wrote an extensive review before...In a nutshell, Raku can certainly talk the talk and walk the walk. Well, the waiters or chefs never boasted about the food prior to the meals, but if they did, the quality would definitely back up that claim. Having the glorious opportunity to live in the Bay Area since 1990, I've had sushi and Japanese grill from the top of the coast all the way down to the sunny beaches of San Diego. From $3 plates that float on the boats which circles an entire table, to $150 omakase meals that left me barely able to catch my breath by the end of the night, I'd feel confident to call myself a sushi-aficionado. I'm addicted to the stuff more than a leprechaun is to a pot of gold and lucky charms. Raku was a place that my girlfriend and I discovered about a year ago when we woke up late into the night with hardly any other options to eat. Ok, ok, I did mention this was going to be described in a nutshell, so to brief it off: the offerings from Raku is unlike anywhere else. The highly refined taste and quality of the fish is unheard of, in terms of my taste buds. A bit off the strip, but extremely well and worth every single bite and money spent.
5	Not much to say other than simply perfect . Try everything, enjoy, be nice, check out the bathrooms. Return , enjoy.
5	Now THIS is a dining experience!I recently visited Japan and this restaurant took me right back and made me feel like I was back there again.   I would give this restaurant experience a 10 out of 5 stars!  Here are my notes:-Very polite, courteous, and instructive staff- Small plates, enough to give you a little taste of heaven on each plate-Make a reservation...don't even think about showing up without a reservation-Two hour dining limit...otherwise you'd eat and drink all night!-Separate plates for each "wet" dish (wait staff are excellent with giving instructions)-For two people, order about 10 plates-Everything was served very hot!-Check out their beautiful bathroom!-Great, exquisite presentation I ordered:1. Agedashi and Raku tofu (half and half). Their Agedashi tofu is SO GOOD!!! My husband doesn't like tofu but he loved this one!2. Kobe beef with garlic...I can eat a whole plate of those3. Chicken with chicken skin...so delicious!4. Foie gras egg custard...probably wouldn't order it again since I cared more for the foie gras than the custard. I'll get the foie gras don next time.5. Lamb chop was excellent6. Fluffy Cheesecake is just a little firmer than tasting like it was whipped, with a thin chocolate crust at the bottom and rasberries to top. 7. Green Tea to end the meal.8. Butter Scallop is what I imagine perfectly cooked scallop would taste like. Next time, I will try their other foie gras dishes, other Kobe beef dishes, and their seafood. Call, make a reservation, and go!
5	Standouts:  Enoki mushroom skewers - I could eat 10 of these alone.  Great smoky flavor; Kobe steak skewer with wasabi - delicious and tender; Chicken stuffed mushroom - so flavorful and yum;  Agedashi tofu - it's in an amazingly savory broth with salmon eggs.Warning:  These skewers do add up quickly and before you know it, you've eaten 20 skewers.  Your wallet's empty but your belly's full and happy.
5	We came back from having visited a year previous.  This time we came as a party of eight (8).  The staff responded well to the challenge of having 2 diners arriving slightly tardy.  We had the 75$-level omakase.  This afforded us a stunning parade of 10 dishes, including (but not in exact order):- house-made tofu (raved over even by a noisy meatatarian)- sashimi - very fresh, very thin, very cleansing to the palate- ankimo (the only dish passed over by our dining entourage... if the server had not referred to it as monk fish liver as well as ankimo, he never would have known and would have enjoyed it)- Popeye salad (this was a requested item from when we were making the reservations).  This is one of the best applications of spinach (bacon-y goodness at the bottom) that we really wanted to reprise last year's visit.- scallop, served with shell.  Delicate, perfectly prepared- Yakitori cherry tomatoes- Kobe beef Yakitori with a stripe of wasabi -- and yes, they proudly showed us their Kobe beef importation license (at least, they did last year), so it wasn't "American Kobe," a/k/a Wagyu- a miniature negitoro don (Betty's favorite).  She kept saying it was a "simple" dish, but I think that the amount of work in dicing and seasoning this preparation perfectly makes it much more than simple.  Simple concept, expert complex execution- Yakitori pork cheek- Fried ice fish (I think, this part of the notes was smudged)all this followed by a pear sorbet w/condensed milk at the bottom of the bowl.We had to show off the main rest room to the folks we dragged along who had never been before -- complete with fish tank.  It's not only clean, but visually stunning.  As Charlie (the noisy meatatarian and erstwhile foodie) says (and we all agree), "they respect the star product, doing just enough to enhance your enjoyment of it, never overpowering it."Thanks Raku folks -- another wonderful visit.
1	I could sum up the review for this place in one word: no. Or in three words: no, no, no. I'm told that ordering a meal a la carte is actually quite decent. Judging by our actual omakase experience, however, I'm incredibly skeptical. For starters, most of us were still hungry after our meal, even after filling up all day on beers, cupcakes, hotdogs, candy, sake, Hawaiian BBQ, Korean BBQ, you name it. Additionally, the only dish that brought out any sort of excited response from our group of eight was this plain fried chicken dish -- and even that quickly turned into a discussion of real fried chicken: KFC vs. Popeyes. Everything else was immediately forgettable. I was still wondering when "the good part" of meal was actually starting when they announced that the final dish was being brought out. Easily the worst omakase experience I've ever had anywhere. I'd sooner go to McDonald's and order a burger-flipping-high-school-kid's choice tasting menu. But even with average food in small quantities, we could have had a decent meal and left. Nope. We were forced to wait an ungodly amount of time between each dish being presented. I'm talking ten minutes as an absolute minimum between the time our plates were cleared and the time a new dish was brought out. And since each "dish" is really just a tiny booger on a plate, that meant a lot of hangry people. To make the wait even more unbearable, there was horrible jazz music playing at barely-audible volume. This made us all incredibly sleepy and disinterested in conversation or food. It all just felt incredibly forced, like we were supposed to believe our meal was way more epic than it actually was due to the sheer amount of time spent in the establishment. Really doesn't work.Not sure what people mean about the absolutely necessary reservations. We showed up at 7pm on Saturday night and left after 9pm. I would think that should be the prime dinner period. Less than half the restaurant was occupied the entire time.
5	We ordered the following items:Yellow tail sashimi specialKen SaladHouse-made tofuGrilled Rice BallsKobe Beef Fillet with WasabiPork CheekBacon wrapped EnokiGreen tea creme bruleeFoie Gras Egg CustardBrown sugar plum sakeA lot of these items are new to me and I think they are greatly designed and well executed. The pork cheek tastes really good, tender, juicy/fatty and full of flavor. Bacon wrapped enoki is pretty good too, but as it is somewhat quite common and am item hard to mess up. I did not have the sashimi, but I was told it was good. I was told the brown sugar plum sake is one of the best. The Ken salad is well balanced and I like the combinations. The house-made tofu is creamy and smooth. The green tea creme brulee is very tasty as well. The cons I can think of includeThe Foie Gras is somewhat chewy and tough for some reason. But the egg definitely has good flavor and very tender. The Koke beef is somewhat stringy and grainy. I was expect something more juicy and tender. The amount of wasabi is probably too much as well. It overpowers the beef and I can not talk or open my eyes for probably two minutes. The entire restaurant is very compact and one table of guests have been talking very loudly over some not very classy topics. But I guess there is nothing you can do about it.Overall, I like their food. The price is definitely in the $$$ category. Two of us spend $140 on the dinner.
5	Raku is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Vegas. There are definitely hit and miss dishes in terms of giving 5 stars but overall I've always walked away very pleased eating here. The catch is you must come with at least 4 people that way you can get a feel of the most dishes. Their menu is a bit overwhelming even for a seasoned Japanese food eater. What I always get and blows me away every time, the chilled udon with foie gras egg custard soup. It's insanely good in many levels: texture, temperature, flavor, and serious umami. Interesting enough their kanpachi sashimi is the best I've had. It's served chilled and has great texture and flavor.
4	Looking to spend $100 on dinner? This is your place. The food is excellent but be prepared, the amount of food per order is on the light side. But the food really is great.They do have sushi but the choices are limited as its not a sushi bar.Must try the Foie Gras Custard. Its the best dish they have.For about $75 per person you can get a set dinner (omakase -chefs choice) with a few choices. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend it.
4	This tapas styled restaurant has some exquisite reviews and we can understand why.First of all, the place is on the pricier side.  Don't be fooled by the modest prices listed on the menu because the portions are tiny and the price is per individual item.  For example, the DELICIOUS Kobe filet kabob with wasabi is 12 bucks for 1 skewer!  Unless you want to share one small skewer with your date, you will need to purchase at least 2.  Secondly, it would be a smart idea to obtain a reservation because you will have to wait a long time if you attempt to walk in.  We walked in the minute they opened at 6pm in order to secure a spot.  We were seated next to the hostess and you won't believe the douchebags who try to weasel their way into getting a table without a reservation...I think i've heard all excuses/tricks in the book.  Everything from the typical "hows it going bro" approach to someone claiming that they have a reservation the following day and wanted to check the place out today.  That guy was caught in his own web of lies, trying to spit out an answer when the host asked him what the name and time was on the reservation haha.The food is definitely phenomenal, made with care.  Everything we ordered was solid.- Kobe fillet skewers with wasabi.  Tender beef skewer with a thin line of wasabi, giving it just enough kick.  Great hint of charcoal flavor.- Enoki Mushrooms wrapped in bacon.  Love this one.  I love the fact that the bacon didn't fall apart.  Expertly prepared.- cherry tomato wrapped in bacon.  Anything wrapped in bacon tastes great- Lamb chop.  The sauce was phenomenal...sweet, yet a hint of the japanese charcoal grill flavor.- Fried chicken.  The presentation is pretty solid.  Chicken breast meat prepared to look like a sushi roll.  Skin on chicken tastes great.- Fluffy cheesecakes.  This was definitely our favorite dessert.  They must have some kind of magical mixer that can blend the ingredients so it tastes fluffy, yet dense enough to remind me of the cheesecake consistency- Green Tea creme brule.  This is pretty solid as well.  Not too sweet.Even though we gave this place 4 stars, I don't think we will be back unless we have some out of town friends who love unique japanese cuisine.  Its a little pricey and there's too many places that provide similar foodie satisfaction at half the price in Vegas.
5	My must-go place in Vegas!A few things that I would order every time:1. Grilled beef tendon - instead of buying expensive anti-aging product to put on the face, why don't you try a flavorful piece of collagen?2. Grilled foie gras - I order foie gras in every restaurant in Vegas since it is banned in CA, this is one in the top 33. Grilled pork cheek - crispy and tender, juicy yet less fatty than pork bellyYou may feel a little bit excluded if you sit at the bar but not speak Japanese; the sushi chef would be chatting and drinking with other Japanese-speaking customers but all the other staffs are really nice and friendly.
5	If there is any negative about this place, it is the location.  Situated in an older strip mall, in not really the best location, it does not look like much from the outside.  Once inside, while extremely small, the restaurant exudes character and charm.  We felt like we were in some quaint Japanese restaurant right of of a movie.The food.....   Well, we did the tasting menu for $75, and I must say it was one of the best tasting experiences we have had, and we have had a lot.  Each course with simply fabulous.  While some of the courses were enjoyed more than others, we liked them all, and there is nothing I would not have ordered ala carte.  We chatted with several other guests, as tables are so close, and all their food looked spectacular as well, and everyone seemed to love everything.  Our server could have have been better.  He was a touch slow, but that kind of added to the charm, as he did have quite a few tables.  He took his time with each table, and we appreciated him explaining all the dishes, in great detail.  I would highly recommend anyone who is a foodie, or looking for a foodie experience, to experience Raku.
5	pork cheek, lamb chop, tendon, pork cheek, lamb chop tendon, pork cheek, lamb chop, tendonyou are finished
5	I was in Vegas summer 2013. My wife read the reviews for Raku so we tried it. Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! The food is off the hook! Presentation and care is put into every dish. I highly recommend it. Make sure to make a reservation... they are busy.
5	Two words - deliciously expensive.So our group walked in at 12:30 AM on Sunday without booking and we had to wait about 15 minutes to get seated. There was a 2 hours dining limit. Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe ($9) - Definitely not a dish everyone can accept because of the sea urchin's unique taste, but personally I thought the dish had an interesting texture (gooey and slimy) and a very subtle taste (a bit sweet and a bit salty). Overall, a very neat dish.Enoki Mushroom w/ Bacon ($3 each) - *munch munch munch* chewy and flavorful AND it smelled delicious.  Kurobuta Pork Cheek ($4.25 each) - Best order of the night. So chewy, so tender, so juicy, and so mind-blowingly good. Agedashi tofu (half, $7.5) - Not my favorite dish, but it wasn't too bad. Slightly fried homemade tofu with dashi broth = very refreshing taste.Apple Marinated Colorado Lamb Chop ($16) - My goodness, this gotta be the single BIGGEST lamb chop I've ever seen. Probably the 2nd best lamb chop I've had and one of the most succulent and smoky lamb chop ever. Kobe Beef Tendon ($3.5 each) - Crispy tendon with rich and fatty taste. I personally liked cheek a bit better, but tendon was really good too. Definitely one of the best izakaya I've tried so far. This place is definitely a bit more expensive than your typical izakaya places, but you are essentially paying for quality and not quantity. If some people are willing to spend $50 for Vegas buffets, then I don't see why price would be an issue here. After all - this IS Las Vegas right =)?
4	Okay, not getting the 5 stars I was hoping to give. Just not as good as Nobu in my opinion when in Vegas, nor as good as the hype it has received on t.v. lately. However, we are not contemplating sushi because Raku does not serve any sushi, sashimi yes. And the fish is unique species and entirely fresh and beautifully presented! So, this is really apples to oranges. What Raku does offer is a very perfected version of grilled Japanese cuisine. The homemade tofu and soy are unrivaled, bar none anywhere. So, if you like these things please come here to try the best. Their sake selection is good, too. And the roasted green tea after my meal was exceptional quality. So, why only 4/5 stars? Well, my glassware - both water and sake vessels were smelly. I am serious. This really left a mark on my otherwise near perfect meal. Sorry,  but this is not an acceptable missed detail when striving to the best in a category of dining. However, with this being said, I would return to try yet other items I had not been hungry enough to try on my first visit.
5	Tucked in a small strip mall about 3-4 miles away from the Vegas strip, Raku prides it self on their quality and service. The restaurant is small and popular, so recommendations are a good idea. To get a well rounded experience of their menu, we went for the $100 per person Omakase menu. The staff was highly knowledgeable about eat item they brought out and the order to try the seasonings they had on the table with the dishes. Each dish was delicious (I especially liked the homemade tofu seasoned with green tea salt). The fish was extremely fresh and well cut. If you don;t mind spending a little more, this is a great place to eat. The portions are surprisingly filling for their small sizes. I will definitely try it again on future Vegas trips!
5	The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh. My boyfriend won't stop talking about the color and consistency of the blue fin tuna. Try the top level sake, it's worth it. Our waitress offered a comparison taste test of the different sakes, which was a welcome education and made it a great experience. Will be coming back. Make your reservation early it's hard to get in on a whim.
3	What brought us in: a multitude of different sounding foie gras dishes.To start with, the foie gras was a disappointment. Out of everything we had here it was my least favorite. We decided to go out on a limb and order the steamed foie gras with egg custard dish. It came out last, although I believe it was the very first thing we ordered (odd). This foie gras was probably one of the most disappointing pieces of foie gras I have ever had. It tasted much more like a breast of duck grilled. The egg custard had a smooth texture and was sitting in what tasted to me like miso soup. ($10)Moving on, we ordered "off menu" from their chalkboard specials. So, we went all out, because why not? We ordered the monk fish which came in a bowl swathed in some sort of brown jello. The jello had a taste I just could not come to terms with while the monk fish was much like a fish pate, but my friend said it looked like cat food. ($10)Next - Wagyu Beef Sashimi - 6 very thinly cut pieces. Mouth-watering and delicious. Absolutely superb, but I would have liked to have had 6 more. ($20)On to the skewered items we shared. Kobe Beef with Wasabi - also delicious, just like the wagyu, only this time, grilled with a distinct flavor and of course, it was great quality meat. Pork cheek - also delicious, I am a fan of fatty items like this. That's all she wrote. We skipped dessert because we were afraid it would come out in tiny portions and we were ready to go because we had already spent a buttload of money and we were still hungry.The food is superb quality, obviously. Presentation is perfect. But I just did not feel as though it was worth the money I spent to still be hungry afterward. I think this was one of those, "Well, we tried it, so that's all." types of places for myself and my friend. The restaurant itself it small, but decorations and seating and ambiance are pluses in my book for a restaurant of this size. Service was also good, our waters were kept filled and everything came out in a timely manner (save for the foie gras).Make a rez, as we were there on a Wednesday night without one, and although they allowed us to have a table we were given a time limit on how long we could be there.My overall return factor is low, unless I plan to take a client here to impress them and use my company credit card for the bill.
5	Took my co-workers for a Birthday Dinner, everything was wonderful - very friendly service.   We all had Omakase - Stand out was the Agedashi Tofu.  WOW - what a dish.My favorite of the night - My least favorite was the liver - highly recommend  !
5	Raku lives up to its reputation.  The service was excellent.! We made reservations ahead of time,  we're seated immediately,  and food came quickly and we enjoyed every moment.  We tried all of the highlights mentioned and none disappointed.
4	I don't have the right words to describe this place. Every small little order was a masterpiece. I could never imagine certain ingredients could go that well together. It's on the expensive side, about $100/person including tip for moderate eating.
5	The best Japanese meal I've ever had. We did the $75 Omakase meal that came with about seven courses. Pork cheeks, sashimi ocean trout, chrysanthemum pickled, whole fried fish, roasted green tea, blue fun tuna, and home made tofu. Incredible!
5	This has probably been one of the most enjoyable dining experiences I've had this year.As the other reviews state, it's off the beaten path and I was a little confused when my driver took me to a place in what looked like a strip mall. I asked him a couple times if he was sure we were in the right place.There were seven of us and we were promptly sat in the back dining area, where we all had the omakase. We ordered some other specialties as well. But some of my favorite dishes were the Wagyu beef sashimi with wasabi, Agedashi tofu (and I normally never really eat tofu, but the flavor was spectacular), poached egg with sea urchin and roe, and the sashimi was so fresh and prepared perfectly. I know we ordered a few different bottles of sake, and I wish I could remember the name of it, but there was one that I believe was a junmai ginjo that was phenomenal.I highly suggest venturing away from the strip to come try this place, it's well worth it.
3	I had such high expectations from all the five star reviews,  but I left disappointed. We had a reservation for Friday night at 10 pm,  but we didn't need one. There are only 7 tables,  so the place is very intimate. PROS: The service was excellent.  Very friendly.   We had some plum sake that was rather expensive ($16 for a very small glass) but was very good. CONS: This place is very expensive, so don't come here starving.  Don't be fooled by the small price tags.  The portions are equally small.  For instance,  the $3 asparagus wrapped in bacon was the equivalent of maybe one whole asparagus spear. And the $7 scallop was one scallop.  The food was all good. But nothing was amazing,  and nothing that I can rave about.  The flavor was good but nothing that was unique. We had:Agedashi tofu: Just ok.  We didn't finish it. Grilled snapper. Very very expensive ($28) for very little fish,  and while it was cooked well,  it was grilled fish,  with no sauce or any special seasoning to make it stand out. Just plain grilled fish.  Rather boring. Enoki mushrooms wrapped in bacon.  My favorite dish, it was very good. Pork cheek: my other favorite dish.  Very tender and. flavorful. Chicken wrapped in chicken skin.  Good,  but just tasted like regular grilled chicken you cook at home. No special seasoning. .. Nothing special. Scallop in soy sauce.   Good, but boring. .. for 7 bucks a scallop I expected wow.  And a few more dishes that were again good, but plain and nothing special. I won't be back. If the prices were better,  I would,  but for what they charge I expect to be wowed and I unfortunately wasnt.
5	We had a great meal here.  Excellent small dishes and staff.  We particularly enjoyed the pork cheeks, Kobe filet, and Colorado lamb chops.  We will be back!
5	One of my favorite Japanese spot, I can't tell you how many times Ive been here and it's always good.  Aspect aka are always great! My favorites are blue fin tuna, yellow tail, fresh tofu, pork cheek, chicken thighs, Kobe beef, I think I've tried every bring on the menu and I've love them all expect the beef liver.... Make sure you make a reservation when you visit the place is really small
1	Truly awful service tonight, waiting one hour for entree items and servers look totally brain dead with who gives a shit attitude.
5	Still by far an amazing place to eat when compared to Any of the restaurants in vegas. I have been here several times. Its one of the few places where people who love fresh fish and people who dont eat fish can still have a delicious meal. I recommend getting the blue fin tuna or the kampachi off of the specials menu . Its near impossible to go wrong with ordering anything here. I think its great for date night or even with one or two friends. Seating is limited, so its not recommended that you try and go without reservations. Definitely plan ahead and call but its well worth it. Great staff, great food, great atmosphere ...definitely gets a 5 star rating in my book
5	Try the korubuta pork cheek, sirloin skirt steak with garlic, chicken with skin, soooo yummy; grilled tendon (very tender & melts in your mouth). Onaki mushroom wrapped in bacon, best Agedashi & raku tofu!  Best Robata in LV. Cures my cravings for the steamed foie gras custard - which is my all time favorite :)
1	Food is good service has been consistently rude and dismissive. Ive eaten here several times. I will happily find other places to spend my money at that has a staff that will not lie and be rude. I've been in the food and beverage industry for 33 years, I always am saddened when I find a place that has good food but poor or substandard service.
3	Great quality food.  A bit pricey but for the quality it is worth it.  The server didnt seem like he liked us much.  Gave short answers and seemed annoyed when we asked questions.  Overall had a good time and tried some great quality food.
1	Called numerous times for a reservation of 7. No one answered. Decided to walk in about 30 minutes after opening. Wasn't packed at all. I work in the serving industry so I know how it works. Younger people don't usually tip but little do they know that we tip well. They told us they couldn't sit us because we didn't have a reservation and didn't have room for 7. We were treated like kids and they were very rude. Not very accomadating. Will not be back considering it would have been our first time there.
1	We didn't have reservations so we didn't get to try the food, but the guy in front was so rude so I don't think we'll be back.
5	What a terrific experience! Be warned that you will not get full eating here, but the flavor of the food is phenomenal, and the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. They didn't have the sea urchin when I ate there, but the beef with wasabi, pork cheek, and Enoki mushrooms were amazing. This was a dining experience unlike any I've had before. You must have a reservation!
4	A bunch of friends on a weekend trip to Vegas. We couldn't pass up checking out Raku. We've heard that this place tends to be packed, so for our party of 16, we were able to snag reservations for 9 pm. Yeah, it was pretty late, but with our huge party, options were limited. I'd recommend making reservations waaaay in advance. The majority of us ended up getting the omakase. Just one friend requested a gluten free/sugar free option (keto), which they were willing to accommodate. Just a few of the items we sampled were: - Housemade tofu- Mixed sashimi platter - Enochi mushroom wrapped in bacon- Grilled tomato skewers- Tsukune-grilled ground chicken- A whole fried fish- Kobe beef skirt with fried garlic slices- Tea- Watermelon iceEach dish was presented beautifully. Everything tasted delicious. Truly Japanese food well served. Towards the end of the menu, I was pretty stuffed. Flexible cooking options for folks on diet restrictions like gluten free, keto or paleo. Just ask. In some instances, my friend who was doing keto ended up with better food choices. So jelly.I do plan on coming here, again. Next time around I want to try their regular menu. I saw a few things that caught my eye and makes me want to go back. Nom.
4	High quality eats! Only con is if you come with a party of 4 or more and share everything, it will cost you a lot of money to leave here full cuz portions are small. The dining experience was fabulous, Japanese like I've never had before. Food was cooked to perfection. Surprisingly my favorite thing was the agedashi tofu....pure heaven.
5	Excellent food, fresh food. My favorite was the blue fin tuna. Delicious. Make sure you make reservations.
5	One of the best Japanese meals I've ever had!  Omakase is the way to go... Did the $75 Omakase (turned out to be 9 dishes) but will go for the $100 next time... It was well worth it.Highlights:-Sashimi:  Blue Tail Tuna was amazing... Instructed to eat it with fresh wasabi and some prepared seaweed that was provided and the flavors.... DAMN!-Fresh Tofu with ginger, chives, and shoyu:  perfect texture and the blend if flavors... Again, perfect!Went with others who ordered their own dishes but for me, why do that when I can have a master chef feed me!Tip... If you come to Las Vegas, call for reservations several weeks in advance... It's a MUST GO for Japanese food!
5	Ten stars! Raku is a unique relaxing dining experience.  Go directly to Raku as soon as you hit vegas. Everything is finely crafted and Raku is the highest expression of izakaya cuisine. We had the grilled salmon belly. Ikura salmon, yellow tail carpaccio, grilled miso yellowtail, hand made tofu, sunomono, grilled asparagus, and some strawberry sorbet for desert. Staff is super friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. We got to Raku just as a blackout hit the neighborhood. We had to go before we could order but we came back for another try later in the evening and they took care of us like family.  Prices are very reasonable. Open till 1:00 am too. Double super terrific highly recommend.
5	I was visiting Vegas in September of 2013, and this place was on my list of places to visit.  I showed up on a monday night around 1:30am. There was 2 people at the bar and a few in the dining room.  The service was the best I have ever had anywhere. It felt like I was the olny one in the place and they were just focused on me. I ordered Raku Tofu, and it was outstanding, some of the best tofu ever. I also ordered Chicken Breast wrapped in chicken skin and Kobe Beef filet with Wasabi, also very very good. In all just a very unique dining experience. The entire staff said goodbye to me.
5	Definitely worth leaving the strip for this gem. Recommend the duck, scallops, kobe, yellowtail carpaccio, agadashi tofu. Fluffy cheesecake was surprisingly good, not too sweet. Better than most places I've been too on the strip
5	Absolutely AMAZING. Definitely worth leaving the strip for! Go for the scallops, duck, yellowtail carpaccio, and grilled rice balls. Don't forget the fluffy cheesecake!
5	Visited vegas from boston for 1 week.  I have eaten at wolfgang steak house and michelin starred restaurants, but actually liked this restaurant the best of all in vegas.  Definiteky worth the money.  Small portioned dishes for about 3-6$ like tapas.  Its fun to try little bit of everything.  Every dishes feel like the chef prepared it with a lot of effort.  They make their own tofu which was amazing.  Agedashi tofu and other tofu dishes were AMAZING.The plum soy sauce was,so good that I bought two bottles of them to take it  - yes, they do sell them, along with the green tea sea salt.  All the sauce and seasonings are homemade which are amazing.  The uni with poached egg was also amazing.  Basically every diah was so good.  Cannot fail with any dishes here.  The sakeclist is very nice.  I tried Nigori and it was very good. Best restaurant I've been during my 1 week vegas trip.
5	Excellent restaurant!!One of my favorite.  I have been to many places with Michelin stars including ones in Europe.This place is awsome. It is evident that the chef takes time and energy to prepare his food everyday. Soy sauce and the wasabi is home made and it is great. I bought two bottles of soy sauce to take home.Fish was cooked right and home made tofu was beyond amazing. Try the wagyu sashimi if they have it. (They often run out and it is not in the menu)Especially for the price they offer... it is definitely a must go place.
5	Terrific restaurant, probably one of the best in Las Vegas.  We liked all the dishes we tried especially:Kobe beef with wasabiPork cheeksAsparagus wrapped in baconBlue fin sashimiAgedashi tofuIncredible flavors not found in lesser restaurants.  Very friendly and helpful service.Recommend highly. Make sure you have reservations.
5	Great small ambiance off the strip. Really good service.
5	Foodthe Omakase: it was ten dishes, very delicious for the most part, except for the fish, because the bone was in it and they were annoying to eat. i did not like the fish also because the face was look straight at me. glad they only gave us one fish to share. stuff i did enjoy foie gras bowl: simple rice bowl with teriyaki and what looked like a full duck liver, which was tender and delicious as solid butter. house made tofu: interesting experience, it was cold, and had salt and dips that were also interesting. imagine a flavorless ice cream with salty toppings. sounds like a bad experience, but it was good. the sashimi was good, i liked how our waitress told us how to eat the different types of fish, and which sauces and salts the fish were intended to be eaten with. there were other dishes, but each omakase is different based on the chef, but i think these three things were standardthe dessert was pretty awesome the Cream cheese with strawberry sauce on the side was delicious.the service: very nice waitress,  very helpful with the menu. lots of water refills and lots of checking up on us. i loved how she told us how the chef intended for us to enjoy each dish. added to the experience.The restaurant: the decor was a typical Japanese restaurant. nothing special about it. it was standard. the bathroom had a cool looking sink though. the tables had a cool slot for the menu. it was an actual slit made just for the menu, so we could pick it up to look at and it would not be in our way. very innovative i thought. all in all i want to come back and try other things like foie gras custard.
4	Dear Raku,Thank you for providing great food and giving my friend a great smile. Having known my friend for more than two years, I have never seen her so happy before. This speaks a lot to your well-executed, high-quality food. My friend was amazed by the grilled salmon belly. According to her, the salmon skin was as crispy as a piece of bacon. The belly meat was fresh and smooth. She rated the salmon belly 9 out of 10, the highest rating that she had given to any dish yet. Foie gras Yakitori was my friend's second favorite dish at your restaurant. She loved the deep flavor and the creamy texture of the foie gras. If the cholesterol of foie gras was not high, she would have ordered another piece. Her only disappointment at Raku was that some pieces of the Kobe beef liver were slightly overcooked and tough. Raku, you not only made my friend happy, but you also made me felt satisfied with my food. I adored the different sauces, spices and side ingredients that are used for Raku's tofu. The various combinations of ginger, soy sauce, sea salt, and green onion made me felt as if I had three different tofu dishes. I wish my grilled eggplant was more flavorful - I had to add an extensive amount of shichimi, green tea sea salt, soy sauce and katsuobushi to enhance the flavor of the eggplant. Nonetheless, I was impressed by the creamy texture of the eggplant. My friend and I decided to give you four stars instead of five stars because neither of us was able to reach the host when we tried to make reservations via the phone. We ended up waiting in front of the restaurant forty minutes in advance, and luckily became the first customers of the day. Raku, you are awesome. Keep up the good work!Yours,May
5	I came across Raku from Andrew Zimmern. I was watching a random Youtube video about Las Vegas eats, and Mr. Zimmern swears Raku as an anti-Vegas destination with some of the best Japanese food around. I immediately dropped everything and headed off the strip. Raku, located in a dismal looking strip mall in Las Vegas' very own Chinatown, concentrates on good quality Japanese cuisine. More of a Japanese "tapas" bar, most of their items are shared amongst the table. Most people associate Japanese cuisine with sushi. Chef and owner, Mitsuo Endo showcases a menu with Japanese cuisine as an all-inclusive whole. There is no sushi on the menu, though there is raw fish and sashimi. Everything is masterfully prepared and they use only the best ingredients.We started things off with the uni soup. This was a simple dish that was so refreshing. The broth was soy sauce based and had a subtle seafood essence. Filled with seaweed and a few slivers of uni, it was an interesting soup. The uni was flavorful and mellow -- the warm soup made it more toned down and silky. I don't it that is a good thing, but it was delicious. This was a great start to an awesome late night eat.We ordered the pork belly to feed the carnivore within. It wasn't necessarily special. The quality and bite of the pork belly was a lot better though. Most places will just put some thinly sliced pork belly on a stick, grill it and call it day. Raku's was thicker, and more meaty. All in all, it was a deliciously cooked yakitori -- no sauce needed.Some of the best things I have ever eaten was Raku's Agedashi Tofu. It is probably the best tofu I ever had. Some sad days, I would be home alone. I'd open up a tub of tofu, microwave it, make some kind of soy sauce concoction, and pour it over the tofu. For what it was, it was tasty and I was happy. This agedashi tofu really changed my life. The tofu is made daily, in house. The fried exterior had a little crispiness with a hint of chewiness. Inside, it was completely different -- smooth and silky, and custard like. The broth in itself makes this dish so good. I don't know what was in it, but soy sauce, rice wine vinegar and dashi was definitely in the mix. There was a smudge of red pepper puree on the bowl for a bit of spice. Topped with ikira (salmon roe), scallions, and nori, the tofu dish was complex, yet perfectly balanced.We ended things with one of my favorite chicken dishes of all time. The juicy deep fried chicken, as they call it, was exactly what the name suggests -- It was juicy. It was deep fried, and it's...chicken. The thigh meat is rolled up skin on, battered, and then fried. The roll is cut up into slices and then served on some vinaigrette dressed spinach. The vinaigrette on the spinach helped with the fatty chicken. As the picture shows, the chicken is a bit pink in the center -- might be a little alarming for sensitive types. For me though, the chicken was so juicy and flavorful -- probably achieved from this near "medium well" cooking. It was an exceptional dish in both flavor and texture.If you want to eat at Raku, make reservations. I was given the stink eye when I walked in and said I didn't have reservations. Luckily, I was seated within 10 minutes as long as we ate "quickly." Most likely, that won't happen to you unless you make a reservation for this small 48 seater restaurant. I was very impressed with the food at Raku. The ingredients are of the highest quality and simply prepared. Even the water is treated with respect, filtered with a giant charcoal log. Details like this, with a passion for perfection makes Raku very special. It's not just some Japanese restaurant off the strip. It's possibly one of the best in the country.
2	Not impressed. Not sure what everyone is raving about. We ordered a number of the dishes on the menu and i really wanted to like this place but am sad to report it was not even worth trying it for me. They do have a great sake selection though.
5	I can't believe I waited so long to go to Raku.... I have seen the reviews on Yelp and for some reason or another just didn't get around to going until now.All I can say is AMAZING!!!!One of the best restaurant experiences I have ever had!!!The service is outstanding!The quality of the food even better!We started with a fabulous bottle of cold sake, Junmai Daiginjo Nanago.Dinner was:Raku Tofu (they make themselves)Carpaccio Hamachi (perfectly cut, fresh, wonderful)Sashimi Salad (again perfectly cut sashimi, super fresh)Juicy Fried Chicken (soooooo good)Pork Cheek (flavors are amazing)Potato with Corn (loved!!!)Kobe Beef Filet (super good, maybe even my favorite)EVERYTHING was fabulous!
4	A very intimate and flavor intense dining experience. It's not a place to go if you' re rushed. They really take their time on bringing out the dishes, it's even borderline too slow. We ordered about over 10 dishes but it would take about 30-40min just for 3 dishes to come out. I really wanted to try more dishes, but obviously 2hours was not enuff time, and since we were running short on time we weren't even halfway to being full. Nonetheless, we did enjoy what little bites we did have. Highlights: fois gras custard, oyster, hamaci carpaccio,uni w/ poached eggs and iwagaki oysters. You really can't go wrong w/ any of their dishes. Since it is tapas style you do get to try a lot of unique dishes, but only complaint is that portions are small, so it would take a lot to feel satisfied (especially for big eaters such as myself).
3	the food was just good. i think the 2 dishes that stood out was the homemade agedashi tofu and egg/ uni/ikura/yamaimo appetizer. the sashimi cuts of the day were also on point!  the sake selection was great . i read rave reviews on the skewers but i just thought they were so so...  a tad bland.. and really  expensive!  the one thing i did not like about this place is how the food is served. i get that the skewers are made to order and the meats all cook at different times, but i really was not expecting dinner to be over 2 hrs long. each dish and skewer came one at a time.. i think it would have been a much more satisfying meal if the skewers came somewhat all together. like i said before. the price point is a bit high .. and some people in party left hungry. :/
5	THIS PLACE ROCKS.  Food is great as well as service.  They offer chef specials.  My boyfriend has been coming here for years and has been hiding this place from me!!! I like that they open later in the evening and stay open til 3am!!! and its great food.  The plates are a little on the pricier side, especially if you order of the specials menu. Its good to order family style and if there are more than 3 people, its good to order more than one order of something.  The juicy fried chicken was so tasty!!!.  served on a bed of spinach, 6 pieces in an order.  We also ordered toro, grilled mushrooms, grilled tomatoes, breaded fried asparagus, and tofu.  Everything was delicious. I recommend getting a few people together and checking this spot out.
5	One of the very best Japanese restaurants I've eaten at.  Simply great and the foie gras was the best I've ever had.  Every dish was a new experience.  Can't wait to go back during my next Vegas outing.
4	Raku is my absolute favorite izakaya. I have been coming here for few years. It's time to write a review. Service: Depending upon the server, some servers are bit snobby which I did not care for at all. Sometimes I get lucky and get the better service. Also, I don't like the fact that they give you time limit. This is not ayce!!!I understand they are very busy and need their tables  turnover but I just not a fan. I went few days ago, I think the server told us it's time for our last call after 1.5 hours or earlier. Those are the reasons I didn't give 5 stars. Food: I love their food. Five star on their food. Here are some of my favorite:1. Uni with mountain potato, poached egg and salmon roe. I love love love this dish. For some reason, the combination of those items together along with the sauce in there makes this dish so heavenly. 2. Raku homemade tofu: If you like tofu, then you would love their homemade tofu. I like to eat it with their green tea sea salt along with all the condiments that comes with it. 3. Hamachi Kama: They have the best hamachi kama in town. They are like 3 times bigger than the regular hamachi kama you order in other places but also 3 times the price. It's around 45 dollars. I think it's worth it, if you have party of three at least. Otherwise it might be too big for two people. 4. Pork cheek yakitori: I normally don't like pork but their pork cheeks are so juicy and yummy! 5, Juicy Fried chicken: One of my favorite fried chicken. They rolled up the chicken thigh and fried it. Yum yum yum! 6. Kobe beef outside skirt with garlic/ Kobe beef fillet fresh wasabi: I like both of these. They are both very tender and juicy. These are my must ordered items every time. As far as for their sashimi, I think they are pretty good for the most part. I had the not so fresh sashimi before though. Even though it's hard to get reservation and with the snobby service, I will continue to come and try other items because I love their food so much
4	Instead of going clubbing like everyone else that is visiting Vegas, we went against the norm and had dinner at RAKU. An extremely LATE dinner ..11:30pm late! The food and the decor were superb, it made everyones mouth watered and even the harshest critique of the bunch had a scrumptious meal. Everyone's favorite was the Fried chicken, it was wrapped up with crispy chicken and than a nice juicy inside. I personally got pretty buzz from the two bottles of nagari and sake that I almost forgot all the different yummy treats we had. Restroom was beautiful, it was tiny but they manage to make it look like a romantic, enchanted forest with strategic rose pedals placed perfectly on the floor.
3	Locals favorite? Its off the strip. Good food. Good ingredients. Good atmosphere!We ordered:Uni tofu with salmon roe- that was deliciousWagyu beef skewers- lil overrated. Its just OK!Agedashi tofu- pretty goodFoie Gras custard- good stuff. Very rich!Yellowtail carpaccio- goodThey were all pretty good. Not exceptional! BUT--- if u want a side of hotsauce, its $2 for a dab!! WHAT?!!If you are a hotsauce lover, don't be mad! LolFyi: agedashi tofu came with a dab of hot sauce on the side, it was part of the dish and i didn't just ask for it to ruin the dish or the palate. I simply wanted little more! Service was ok, they are busy so don't expect like 5 star service!!
4	Yum! Came here for my birthday dinner a couple of weeks ago and was super pleased. I was worried that it wouldn't live up to the hype, but it was delicious!We did the Omakase premium menu, so I'm not going to bother reviewing every item since it changes, but everything we had was so fresh, perfectly prepared, and delicious. The sashimi was so fresh and flavorful that even my boyfriend, who literally eats microwave chicken and broccoli for dinner most days, could tell the difference between it and what we get at any other Japanese restaurant. Service was great, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. I'm sure everything came out of the kitchen as soon as it was prepared, but the pacing was kind of odd - the first few courses came out with lots of time to spare in between, then all of a sudden all the meat dishes came out at once. I'm sure I'll give this a 5-star review when I come back, but if you read my other reviews you'll find that I have a policy that only repeat excellent performances get 5-star reviews - there's a lot to be said for consistency :)
1	I came here at 2am on a Saturday and they told me they close at 2!! On yelp and on the door it says 3am. So disappointing..
5	5 stars from a visitor's perspective where restaurants get one chance to make an impression. Were I a resident, I might rate it a 4 because of price, crowded quarters, and long waits for tables. But compared to the strip, the prices and the taste seemed heaven-sent.I went here because I had seen the tofu touted on one of those "Best Places I've Ever Eaten..." kind of shows. So my expectations were high. I will confess that I liked the Agedashi Tofu, but I didn't find it as mind-blowing as others. It was good, but I order agedashi a lot when I eat at sushi joints, and this wasn't the best I've had. That said, I'm not putting it down. It was good.My favorite of the night was the kobe beef filet with wasabi. You gotta savor the small bites because there aren't many on the skewer and they are tiny. But as mentioned above, compared to the prices on the strip and the mostly sub-par food I'd had elsewhere, this was excellent. Here my run-down of dishes we tried:-Miso soup (really good)-Agedashi tofu (good)-Kobe beef filet with wasabi (excellent)-Grilled duck (decent)-Scallop with soy sauce (good)-Takana Inari (good according to my daughter who loves inari)-Carpaccio hamachi (very good)-Kobe beef skirt with garlic (OK--not much flavor)Tiny portions, tiny restaurant. Great service. Better food than I'd had anywhere on the strip (minus Gordon Ramsay's Steak). Well worth a visit when you're in Vegas. All of the above plus a Sprite for my daughter was $74.70. Sure as heck beats $60 for a lousy club sandwich from Wolfgang Puck!And by all means, make sure you walk a few doors down and try out Sweets Raku after dinner. Combined, Raku and Sweets Raku are a food experience.
2	Omikase was not worth the price. Service wasn't great. The server told us no sharing, which was a big turn-off. Would not recommend.
4	I had bookmarked Raku for awhile now and I was ecstatic when I finally had the chance to come here.  Get a reservation!! And do not come here if you are really really hungry.  That's my warning to all the guys out there.  My friend and I arrived at 630pm.  Raku opens at 6pm.  Okay, all the tables are full.  Hostess estimates the wait is 30-45 minutes.  We did not get seated until 8pm!  Total torture because the mall had a top rated ramen shop and a famous chinese restaurant.Each dish takes around 5 minutes to come out and it comes out individually, which is the style of izakaya.  Thus, my stomach digested each dish before the next one even came out.  My hunger level stayed the same.  All the dish were delicious though.  Maybe because of the wait but I like to think everything was cooked carefully.  My favorite dishes were: enoki mushroom with bacon, deep fried chicken, and the bluefin sashimi special they had.  Thankfully, I ordered an Oyako Don (chicken and egg) to satisfy my hunger.  Service was okay.  I didn't like being told that we had to finish by 930pm as we were being seated, despite waiting for over 1.5 hours.  I debated between a 3 or a 4 star rating.  I gave Raku 4 stars because it is not your average Japanese restaurant.  The food is definitely high tier.  I would just come here with a reservation next time.
1	I usually don't write any reviews, however Raku has really disappointed me this time. I have been the biggest promoter of Raku ever since its opening. My family usually has our family functions at the restaurant so when my friend, who has been living in Japan for many years and recently moved to UK, came to visit, I decided to take him and his friends to the most authentic Japanese restaurant in Vegas.I have never been so disappointed by the customer service by the guy manager. He never smiled, and only gave yes, or a resounding no, or only nodding for answers, even when I asked for recommendations or special menu. Working in customer service, I understand that people can have a bad day, seeing that my friend is already frowning at the service we were getting, I tried to lighten up the mood by trying to have some small talks ("your restaurant looked so busy tonight.") The manager only rolled his eyes and fixed his attention back to the floor. Having lived in Japan and been a loyal customer to Raku for the past so many years, I admit that I have higher expectations of Raku than any regular restaurants. However, this time, Raku really had let me down. Even my friend, who was first time to the restaurant, was commenting that the customer service is not even on par with any Japanese restaurants that he would expect.Another example, when we asked for special menu, he disappeared for a whole ten minutes, when he came back, he slammed the blackboard on the table and very impatiently listed the items on the menu  without explaining what they were. When we asked for fork and knife, he did not even acknowledge and we had to remind him twice before he came back with them. By that time, the dish was already cold under the AC. I felt like I was such an inconvenience to the manager instead of enjoying a meal with a friend that I haven't seen for years. To make things even worse, we saw that the manager was laughing and proactively introducing the menu, the Specials, taking care of their drinks (refills) to another table of customers. I not only felt not being appreciated as a customer, but also discriminated for nothing.I don't think the Raku I dined at tonight was the same restaurant Endo San had envisioned. Both my friends and I were appalled that this gentleman was put in charge as the manager of the spot. While he was expected to teach the other servers to deliver an amazing meal to the customers, he did completely the opposite and ruined our night. I sincerely recommend him to look for a job outside of customer service and hospitality.
5	i hate vegas....it's crowded, smokey and fake....but i had to go for work...friend recommended this place and i have to say i've found a reason to go back to las vegas...loved everything I had that night...service was friendly, chef and waitress patiently explained and described what were in the dishes...place was crowded but not loud...the bill came out to be a little larger than planned but it was worth every penny. must try their tofu, butter scallop, ochazuke and kakurei umeshu...i heard they have a secret menu too....hopefully i will be go back to visit again soon
4	A very enjoyable experience. Their fois custard is the business.
2	I was so thrilled to try this place out, but I didn't leave here super pleased. :(Before I start this review, I must say that I am not a fan of seafood aka raw fish aka fish aka most of the things on the menu. I prefer cooked foods, chicken, vegetables and red meat. So dun, dun dun, I tried the hiyashi chawanushi, agedashi tofu, asparagus okaki, juicy fried chicken, kobe beef filet, kobe beef skirt, grilled duck, and eggplant. Hiyashi chawanushi: This dish was a daily special. I believe it was an egg custard with crab and something else on top. Like I said above, I'm not a fan of seafood, and this dish had such a fishy taste to it. I gagged a little after trying it, and I couldn't get rid of the fishy taste it left in my mouth. We left 90% of it left, because the dish itself was overwhelming.Agedashi tofu: I have to agree with all the other yelpers. The best and most fresh tofu. Get this!Asparagus okaki: This dish comes with pieces of asparagus breaded with rice cracker. Very delectable. Juicy fried chicken: The best dish. Like its name, it was six pieces of extremely mouthwatering chicken on a bed of spinach. The chicken itself was superb. The spinach and the sauce complimented the chicken. I definitely recommend this!Kobe beef filet with wasabi/kobe beef skirt with garlic: Very nice cuts of kobe beef. I liked the garlic one more, because all I could taste was wasabi and no meat. Grilled duck: I can't remember much about the duck except for its tangy aftertaste and chewiness. Bleh, I guess I was expecting something different. Thank goodness they present each table with tea afterwards, because I could not stand the aftertaste.Eggplant. Grilled eggplant sprinkled with a ton of dried ginger. The eggplant was soft and appetizing, but the ginger ruined it for me. The ginger itself has a strong flavor, and I thought there was just too much ginger on there. I still ate it, but I took off most of the ginger.  Of the eight dishes, I would only come back for the tofu, asparagus and juicy fried chicken. Maybe we just ordered the wrong things, but I would not come back here. :c
3	Just average. Nothing really that special here ... But to be fair maybe it's cuz I don't like a lot of "weird" animal parts.... And I also live in LA... Close to Torrance/Gardena ... The Mecca of delicious Japanese food. No real standouts in our dinner, but nothing horrible either.
5	Ok so I just gave trattoria nakamura ya 5 stars and now I'm giving raku 5? Different types of cuisines in the same plaza and when I go to Vegas next I'm going here again.  But probably not trattoria mainly bc I'm not as much into pasta. We had a party of 5 and ordered the raku tofu, agedashi tofu, pork cheek skewers, Kobe beef liver, Kobe beef with garlic flank, fois gras custard, grilled rice ball with salmon, juicy fried chicken and a few other things I'm forgetting but they were all awesome. They tell you the different ways to try everything, sometimes plain first then with their special green tea salt or one of the other special condiments. I'm a sucker for food on a stick...I wish I could've eaten more but we were full. The only disappointing thing was they didn't have the iberico pork that night. Considering we ordered 10 things and paid $25/pp, were full and really enjoyed it there's nothing that would stop me from going back. I wish this place was in my hood, I'd go weekly.
5	This was the best dinner I have had in YEARS. We were very lucky to get a reservation at the last minute, the hostess was very sweet and accommodating! The space itself is small, tastefully decorated, and feels like a step outside of Vegas entirely- it's quietly luxurious, with intimate tables and dimmed lighting. The minute we sat down, our waiter came over and explained the specials, one of which we decided to order, the Sukiyaki. We started with the Raku Tofu, which you would have to be crazy not to try. It is unlike anything I have ever experienced. The wait staff explain how best to enjoy it (first with some Green Tea salt, then with some ginger, green onion, and bonito flakes with a bit of soy sauce), and it is unbelievably delicious and silky. Even if you don't usually like tofu, I highly recommend trying this! We also tried the agedashi tofu, which was equally delicious and served in a perfectly seasoned broth with nori flakes and salmon roe, and a little spot of chili sauce on the side of the bowl to be used sparingly. Next we tried the kobe beef with garlic, which was another huge hit- incredibly flavorful, tender, just perfect. I am no steak expert, but my boyfriend is, and he was just as blown away as I was. We had the crispy deep fried chicken, which was served on top of a bed of spinach dressed with what I think was a soy vinaigrette- amazing. Then came the duck in a balsamic soy glaze, which is another MUST-order here- again, completely unlike anything I've ever tasted. We shared one stuffed small portobello, which was outstanding, and then came the sukiyaki. If they have this special when you visit, I cannot recommend it highly enough. It comes with eggs, which you crack into your own bowl and then use as a dipping sauce- I didn't do that part, but the sukiyaki itself was just unreal. The broth was perfect, not too salty but by no means bland, and there were noodles, tofu, greens, japanese eggplant, and the most amazing, thin sliced beef either of us had ever tasted. We made the mistake of ordering one too many things, and by the time the grilled rice balls (aka onigiri but without the nori) arrived, we were both right on the verge of being too full. If you are a fan of really high quality rice, you will love these- one is brown rice and flavored with bonito flakes, and one is white rice with a shinto leaf wrapped around it. Both are of course fantastic, but for us they weren't the stars of the evening the way the tofu and beef had been. And of course it wasn't over, we ordered the fluffy cheesecake- both of us gasped when we tried it. It is like eating a cheesecake cloud. It is the lightest, fluffiest cheesecake that exists on earth, I am sure of it. Even if you decide to follow up your meal with a trip to Sweets Raku (it was closed when we went, otherwise we probably would have gone- next time for sure!), this is another must. On top of the beyond amazing food, they have a fantastic wine and sake list, and the service was truly exceptional. Warm, attentive, prompt, helpful- it felt like we were being spoiled! I seriously can't recommend Raku highly enough. We will be coming back ALL THE TIME!
5	Raku is sooooo yummyly-bomb! Like the big kind of yummyly-bomb. Be sure to make reservations though because the place is small and very popular and a lot of the time it's hard to get a seat showing up unannounced. So make a reservation to be on the safe side.My boyfriend and I have only been once. Primarily because when we went, we ordered a ton of stuff and our bill for just the two of us was $$$$$, so we had to limit ourselves.We started we the Kobe Liver Sashimi which was recommended to us by a friend, but it was definitely not our cup of tea. Raw liver, which tastes resembled a penny lingering in my mouth, was only bearable due to the crispy garlic and small drop of oil on top. I can say I tried it, but we most likely never order it again. We also tried the special of the day which was a ahi toro sashimi. That was a little pricey but well worth it. The toro is the fattier part of the tuna belly and boy did it melt in your mouth. So amazing.Next came the Foie Gras with the soy-glazed base as well as the kobe skirt steak with garlic. This was the first time I've tried foie gras and if that's what all foie gras taste like, holy cow! I've just hopped on the foie gras train to the party in my mouth. We also ordered the juicy deep fried chicken and that was delicious as well. Everything we order was on point (excluding that liver sashimi but that was my fault for wanting to be adventurous and thinking I'd like raw beef liver, so I don't hold it against Raku).I hope we can return so to try more tasty treats! Oh yeah, we also have to check out Sweets Raku a couple of doors down. It's their dessert joint.
5	Came here with my cousins on Friday night and had the Omakase menu.  It was definitely one of the best Japanese dining experiences I've had.  It was a 10 course meal that included an amazing sashimi salad, kobe beef, Bacon wrapped mushrooms, octopus, and much more ending with a green tea creme brulee and puffed raspberry cheesecake. Every course was excellent and you will definitely walk away full.
5	Had such wonderful time here last night:D Fresh tasty food (please see photos), professional & friendly service, beautiful presentation, and a nice relax modern interior decor. My fav dishes were the pork cheek yakitori and porched egg with see urchin!!! Pork cheek was so creamy had a wonderful flavor. The porched egg with see urchin was very refreshing, perfect harmony among all the ingredients!!! Will be back for sure next time when I come down to Vegas with my family:)) The Raku is located on Spring Mountain Rd after you pass the China town Plaza, about 15 mins drive from Strip. Reservation Recommended, big free parking lot in front~
5	After being disappointed with Carnevino and resigned to Bouchon, possibly that my expectations for the food town that is Las Vegas were a wee bit too high. It casted doubts on my Joel Robuchon, which is not something I will readily admit, considering it's a 3-Michelin star place, and one of his only restaurants in the States. But I did, because I knew I needed to choose between his place at the MGM Grand, or Raku, the sushi place off strip that Anthony Bourdain dinedwith Penn Jilette on Parts Unknown. So Raku is the choice I made - a sushi house that does take reservations, but not for the bar - a sushi house that is dark and small, with some hidden doors that I can only assume meant deliciousness.We sat in the back for around 10 minutes before being seated at the sushi bar - the bar one of the more unusual ones I've seen. There is no glass case of already sliced fish, a display to choice from, but instead a display behind them like a fish market - whole fish that were recently purchased, staring at us while we're served.They were polite until the hostess and one of the chefs realized that while I was no expert or aficionado, I wasn't an amateur either. After that, they were curious and attentive. They serve not one single roll - which was something I delighted in - so I ordered omakase. Mr. V choose small a la carte meals.He ordered a range of dishes that both swim on this earth and walk its hard grounds.-One scallop dish that was seared very softly served in its own shell, with a mixture of soy sauce, ponzu, and scallions.  -Mushroom wrapped in bacon - not very Japanese like, except for the ponzu basted on the mushroom tops, and devoured nonetheless.-Kobe beef skewers in a dark, sticky sweet plum sauce, each bit just a morsel bigger than a bite, hot and soft, like butter in your mouth.-Foie gras over house made tofu, swimming in a miso-like broth, topped with impossibly thin sliced scallions and sea salt.-Pork short ribs that were more than just ala carte - piping hot, sticky salty sweet sauce that pooled around the bones after eaten, falling off after just one tender nibble. His were delicious.Mine are more difficult to remember, as when ordering omakase, they just keep bringing out food and happiness.-Housemade tofu that was simply something I had never had before, prepared as it was. Raku is known for it, so it makes sense that a large slice of the buttery soft white tofu was served - with ginger, fish flakes, scallions, sea salt, and soy sauce for dipping. I wanted to use my fingers, but alas, kept to the sticks.-Tuna, salmon, and kanpachi sashimi with the customary bits of ginger (not touching), radish, and seaweed tucked neatly under each of the trios laid out. Each piece was cold and had the nice meaty-fatty texture that one wants of sashimi from their chef.-Grilled chicken skewers basted with a ponzu/soy sauce mixture that brought out the fatty bits of charred skin.-Kobe beef skewers that I nibbled on and shared with Mr. V.-Foie gras skewers, which I'm such are a luxury in itself, as how am I supposed to eat them when they are so soft and gelatinous? Dipped in a warm and sticky soy sauce, they were surely one of the richest foods I'd ever had - as it was my first time with foie gras.-Kanpachi sashimi order (which was not omakase, but my own separate order - yes, I can eat that much) - it was of last meal caliber, and something I could've easily eaten every day. Soft, never chewy, cool to the touch, just the right about of fatty white lines, melting as only fresh fish could.-Ikura served over rice - Ikura, singlehandedly one of my favorite foods as well - beautifully round salmon eggs that held so much saltwater that they were little bursts of ocean with every bite.-Cheesecake fluff with a sliver of plum sauce, raspberry sauce, and a cross between chocolate and hazelnut crumbles.This was the meal I was looking for when I came to Vegas, and I'm not at all sorry I had to go off strip in order to get it. We were there from opening, which was 6pm to around 8:30pm. Never once did I feel we had to leave, or were rushed, but that could've been the hostess impressed with my bottomless pit of a stomach.
4	What an experience off the strip. Great consistent Japanese food; It definitely has some adventurous dishes and once again it' important that people understand on what Raku is all about before you go. This is not you americanized Japenese restaurant. Either you will love it or not so much. I really liked it but my son absolutely loved it.  He order very unique dishes (including a complete baked exotic fish) and goes back every chance he has.
3	Not the best location for a Vegan but nice experience.  The rest of the group enjoyed themselves.
4	Food is great but ticket times are really long. When you come here, don't come starving. Anything grilled is delicious.
5	WOWWWW cooking at it's finest. This place gets rave reviews for a reason. top notch high quality cuisine. Best tofu I've ever had! It's the freshest period! I've never had tofu that tastes like this. Literally melted in my mouth. I ate here off a recommendation from a chef out in my hometown. He said he drove out here just to eat and drove home literally after. I had to make my way here. Foie gras custard ... omg! melting like no other in my mouth! Both tofu dishes - best tofu I've ever had! Recommendation: The entire menu!
2	We got the omakase here. It was good but not spectacular and definitely not worth the $240 for two (including tip and a half bottle of sake). Considering only the food I would give this three stars, but factoring in the price I would give it two.
4	One of the best tasting foie gras. Would give 5 if not for price! Good find in Las Vegas.
5	Some of the best Japanese food outside of Japan! The food here is superb. I went with a friend when we were in Vegas. Raku is totally worth the drive of the strip. We ordered a bunch of robata, or charcoal grilled delicacies from simple bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, to tsukune stuffed Portobello mushrooms. All were delicious. The yellowtail glazed with soy sauce was amazing. However my favorite was the agedashi tofu. The tofu is homemade and one of the best I've had. The tofu is fried and placed in a light broth that was so good I wanted to drink it straight from the bowl! Other delicious items were the chazuke, the foie gras chawanmushi udon, and the Yuzu sake. This restaurant is popular with foodies and chefs on their off hours, so you know it's good. The service can be a bit slow but that's only because everything is cooked perfectly on a charcoal grill. so to deal with that just order a Bunch of things to share and make sure to bring good company!
4	This is my second time here and I love it. I always order their skewers and my favorite is kobe beef skirt with garlic! My ALLLL TIME FAVORITE DOE is their crispy shrimp and you can that whole with shell, head, and everythang. This time we decided to go with their special which was Ishimochi fried with mushrooms. I was kind of disappointed that it was actually white croaker when I saw it. So I BASICALLY paid $32 for them to fry me a white croaker that costs $3 at the Korean store. But whatever it was good.I would seriously only recommend purely getting the skewers as your main dishes because they know how to grill their skewers.
5	I just returned from Japan this year and our meal at Raku in Vegas Chinatown as as good as anything we had in Japan. The Custard with Foe Gras (we ordered an extra and at $10 a total bargain. Also the Tofu dish, Waygu beef, Pork Checks were all outstanding. Also it is quiet (not easy to find in Vegas) and the service was excellent.Best meal of the trip by far!
5	One of the most important meals of my life.  This off strip chef's secret (maybe not anymore) is what dining out is all about.  So much love and respect go into everything from the house made soy sauce and tofu to the premier cuts of fish and meat, to the accessible preparation and presentation.  A must try for anyone within a 12 hour flight.
5	Wow! Blown away. Had a great feast with Wagyu beef, Kobe skewers, yellowtail carpaccio, pork cheek, enoki mushroom with bacon, agedashi tofu and especially the foie gras egg custard. So flavorful, so unique and so sad to leave Vegas because of this place! The wife and I ate all this for less than $140 pre-tip.Love the service! Love the atmosphere!Hands down best Japanese restaurant I have eaten at (and my wife and I have eaten everywhere)!
4	First off let me get out the slightly bad which isn't bad just more inconvenient. They are hands down probably the busiest mom and pap sushi restaurant in all of Las Vegas so for reservation just forget about it and try to walk in also trying to call them is impossible since they are nearly closed 80% of the day. Ok the sushi however is just phenomenal I mean fresh well cut and extremely inventive. Then they have the sweets place what a change sooo nice. Make sure you make res before you show
5	This was maybe the best Japanese meal I have ever had. We had the chef's choice meal ($100 per person) and it was incredible. Every course was delicious. We started with their homemade tofu, which came with ginger, chives and bonito flakes.This tofu was not normal tofu. It was delicious. It was velvety. They make their own soy sauce and this was a surprise as well. The sashimi plate included uni, which was SO GOOD! We had oysters with caviar and key lime, fried asparagus crusted with rice crackers, grilled chicken breast wrapped in skin, grilled tomatoes, waygu beef skewers, a whole fish (maybe my least favorite dish), foie gras over rice (holymotheritwasgood) and two desserts that were shockingly good - a green tea brulee with green tea ice cream and a fluffy cheesecake with raspberries. I may have forgotten some items as we also had a bottle of sake and the world's largest pitcher of beer.This place is open until 3 am. The waitstaff was attentive and friendly and the atmosphere was great. The bathroom was hilarious - something to experience.I loved it and can't wait to go back.
3	We initially were so excited to come and try the restaurant.   My husband heard about the Raku on Food Network.  We are big seekers of culinary greatness.  Anyways I understand when the restaurant is full and no more reservations were taken.  We were outside the door at 6pm to inquire about walkins anyways.  They let us know only one table is available until 730pm when a reservation will come. BASICALLY EAT QUICK BY 730.   We were so grateful because we had no reservationsWe ordered a bunch of dishes.   Very tasty.  After only 3 or so small dishes that came one by one, everything slow down so much that we became grouchy amd cranky...me and my two lil kids.  By now it doesn't matter how great the food was.  Service was terribly slow.  Even though we were added on but it was early in the evening.  The worse part is that they gave us our check when the last dish wasnt even out.  So we did cancel our last dish to left still hungry.
5	This place is AMAZING! It won't disappoint, make to ask for the Salmon & the Yellowtail!  The Koba Beef will melt in your mouth...
5	I would come to Vegas just for Raku. In fact I'm so glad I found it on my first trip to Vegas last year, that this place gives me a reason to keep coming back, to Las Vegas that is. Ok, I exaggerate, but I go out of my way to find myself here while I'm in town even with all of the competition on the strip.One of the key elements here is the ambiance and atmosphere, the holistic experience. From the design elements, to the dishware to the food itself. I have never enjoyed robata grill food before, and am so glad I'm now aware of this preparation. The robata grill dishes are definitely tapas-sized. All are reasonably priced for the quality (and taste of course) and enable picking a handful without getting too full. Each dish has remnants of the grill charcoal flavor.Here's the robata grill items I loved: tomato bacon, eringe mushroom, enoki mushroom bacon, kobe beef with wasabi, duck in balsamic. The Jidori chicken was good, but no better than "regular" chicken. Jidori chicken is Japanese for "from the ground" and translates to essentially to free-range, organic. The kurobuta pork cheek is excellent with the pepper sake sauce. The scallops were very good and served in a powerful red sauce.Do not leave here without trying the Raku tofu. This is real tofu, creamy almost like burrata, versus the gelatine or stiff stuff we find in American supermarkets. Spring for the full size, you'll end up ordering a second half portion. The Agadashi tofu is also excellent.I wasn't a huge fan of the rice ball in broth with ume plum. The broth was delicious, along with the seaweed, but the rice ball wasn't what I expected and the ume plum added an unfavorable flavor. I confess that was my first time exposing my palette to umeboshi, and I imagine it was an excellent preparation that I'm not yet ready for.Make sure to call for reservations if you definitely want a spot. I remember first time around, we got a bit of brush off and they don't care for picking up the phone, but in the end it was well worth it. If you don't eat Japenese cuisine frequently, I also strongly recommend you study the menu and google words in advance of getting there. While the servers are generally happy to answer questions, it's awkward to ask what every Japanese word means and keep all of it in mind when ordering.Worth mentioning that on the tables they have custom condiments; homemade blend of plum soy sauce, green tea sea salt, chili pepper infused sake, and a blend of chilli peppers. All very delicious. They also had a board of special dishes and fishes. Our neighbors ordered one of the fish and it looked very good. We got there around 6:15pm on a Monday night without reservations, and were told a table is available until 8pm. I wasn't really fazed. They were really quick to bring out all of our dozen dishes, even second orders and we were done by 7:30pm, without really rushing. Don't be surprised, or put off, to be told something like this without a reservation. Also, hold off on the dessert at Raku and instead save room for whimsical Sweets Raku offerings a couple doors down.
3	We were very happy with everything until the Tendon skewers came out. We found a strand of hair (chef said sometimes the cow's hair can be left behind..Yuck!!!! Waitress wasn't very happy about bringing it back. She came with another one but we ended finding another little strand after have taken a bite. Found it extremely greasy as well.  I've never had tendon that was that greasy. So instead of getting our not so happy waitress we just ended up not eating the dish and throwing it out. Sad that we didn't feel comfortable at a place where we are paying to eat...and it wasn't cheap. The Kobe beef, Foie gras with egg custard, Duck, & Agedashi tofu soup were our favorite ones. Overall, it was decent. Better than most Yakatoris I've had.
5	If you ever go to Vegas, check this place out. It is pricey but for those foodies who enjoy fine dining, come here.  We were luckily enough to snag a reservation at 6:30pm - we called the previous day.  This place is located in a strip mall that has Kung Fu Tea, Moda ramen (which I hear is great), and Raku Sweets.  So, this strip mall has some great eats / drinks.  So, we get there and people who have reservations are waiting outside.  We get seated and we scored a private room, which was awesomeness.  We didn't go with the omaske, but I think next time we will.  There were 2 price points - $75 / $110.  We decided to do a la carte.  We ordered the blue fin sashimi (a special they had), which melted in my mouth - very yummy, but $31 for it..worth it.  We also ordered some skewers that included the kobe beef (tender & yum), mushrooms (I enjoyed it), and another one I can't recall but it was alittle dry.  The Tofu appetizer was good and melted in your mouth.  We also ordered a rice dish and a cold udon dish which I thought it was just ok..probably skip those 2 next time.The decor was very nice and the service very attentive.  I would definitely come back.
3	I'll have to give this place another try and not order the tasting menu next time.I came here with some friends and 3 of us got the larger, $100 tasting menu. All 3 of us were somewhat disappointed in the selections. Meanwhile, the fourth member of our party got more dishes than we did, for only about $60 total, and all of them were better than the best of ours.There were many excellent dishes to be had and clearly this could be a great dining experience. but I strongly recommend that you don't splurge on a tasting menu, since you can get much more food and probably enjoy the selections more if you just order a la carte.
5	I love this place so much. Everything from their homemade green tea salt, soy sauce and hot pepper togarashi to their homemade tofu and udon. I don't think I had anything here that I wasn't happy with. This place is definitely small plates to share. You just won't get the full experience if you don't. A few must gets are the pork jowl, Udon Noodle with Foie Gras Egg Custard Soup, Raku's Tofu (which you eat with a little green tea salt and the little accoutrements on the plate), Agedashi tofu, yellowtail kama, soboro don... amazing. I can't describe it. Everything we tried had a special touch to it. You can tell every dish was made with a lot of care and thought. Textures and taste harmoniously combined in all dishes. I don't know what else to say except that I will always come back when I go to Vegas and everybody should come here. SO SAD they didn't have kobe sashimi that day.
5	My wife and I did the tasting menu and it was excellent.  It was a little pricy, but worth it.  The service was also excellent.  They have a huge sake list, and not being sake drinkers, they let us try several of them to help us decide what to order.  We had a great time and I highly recommend this place.  We will definitely be returning!
5	Finally got to try Raku last night after a few cancellation. It did not disappoint. We wanted to try everything like we always do, ordered about seventeen menu items- everything was delish. My favorites included the agadashi tofu, wagyu sukiyaki, and foie gras custard (but everything foie was amazing!)
4	The flavors here are incredible.  If they ever have the King crab on special order it.  The best flavors came from the fried shrimp, although you have to peel it, it was so tasty.  Scallop was so tasty presentation was nice as it came in the shell still.  It's a very small place so I suggest making a reservation.  A nice hidden gem, try Sweets Raku as well an interesting concept.
5	Was in Vegas for SEMA week and well, let's face it, as nice as it is to stay on the strip, sometimes it's nicer to get away from it.  It's tucked away in one of the "Chinatown" strip malls on Spring Mountain.  Unassuming at best, nestled on the corner across from a smoke shop.Definitely call ahead for reservations.  We called and they were fully booked but said we could come down and try.  They don't turn away Walk-ins, as long as you're willing to wait up to an hour you can get seated.I really came here with foie gras on mind.  I've missed you my rich, indulgent fatty little bastard...off of a robata grill no less.  Everything came off with that wonderful charcoal taste that you'll be burping up later to remind you how awesome your meal was.My favorites enjoyed with a few bottles of Ginga Kogen:- Foie Gras with Glazed Soy-base Sauce- Foie Gras Don- Kobe Beef Tendon- Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe- Kobe Beef Fillet with Wasabi- Scallops served sashimi style (daily special)I was only really disappointed with the Yellowtail as they came out a bit dry and overcooked.All in all one of my favorite places now in Vegas.  Although if I were not feenin for that foie gras, I would definitely hit up another favorite spot down the street, Ichiza, for some more traditional izakaya.  Might of been a bad idea to come here when so hungry, total damage with tax/tip/drinks came out to $115 per.
5	I was waiting to eat here and even tho I am NOT a sashimi eater it was FAB!!!    Our excuse was our daughters 21st B Day~the freshness of each & every dish simply AMAZING! Even the stuff I wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole looked soooo pretty. The artistry of the presentation is suberb, really the attention to detail is worth the trip~ and were from Henderson so VERY WORTH the drive    The options are plentiful the Kobe filet with wasabi was a definite HI light and the asparagus with bread crumbs so uniquely crunchy ....how do they do fry it and keep the asparagus crunchy? Posted pixz not sure I have enough adjectives to discribe this meal~
3	Three stars- some excellent dishes (fresh tofu, sashimi and pork cheek) and some meh dishes (fried mackerel, another fried mackerel with mushrooms in broth, and the final savory dish, rice with tuna tartare).I dragged my husband here for an 11pm seating - the only reservation I could snag at the last minute. When we arrived, I was very surprised to see that the restaurant was fairly quiet- the sushi bar was completely empty and two tables were also open in the main room.We chose the $75 tasting menu and got off to a fantastic start with the excellent tofu and then the sashimi- both were the best we've ever had. I also liked the attention to detail of our server, who explained how to eat each dish in detail.From there, the experience dipped, and we were served some very average dishes - a deep fried mackerel filled with bones and guts was definitely a lowlight; two dishes later we're were served mackerel again in a broth with mushrooms (I'm not into receiving the same type of fish twice, especially if it's mackerel), then our final dish was tuna tartare served on rice- the problem here is that we'd had the same tartare preparation but with a whitefish as part of the sashimi course - this is just laziness!! All in all, it is not worth the trip out here for the food. It was also impossible to find transport home! After dinner, we waited 40 mins for a taxi that never showed. We ended up leaving and walking back in the direction of the strip. Luckily, we managed to flag down a taxi that took us back.
5	The omakase quality is as good as some of the top restaurants. If you want some authentic Japanese, this is the place to go. Still can't believe I'm in Vegas.
5	The best food I've ever had in Las Vegas.It was 1AM and my Foie Gras deprived wife needed her fix.We ate mostly from the grilled menu and boy was it good.Some of the highlights - Kobe Beef Liver. If you like beef liver it's a must. Beef Foie Gras would be an accurate description. The best beef liver I've had.The pork cheek was great.I'm not an intestine connoisseur, but my wife is. My wife raved about the pork intestine.Asparagus with Bacon. Anything wrapped in bacon.Enoki Mushroom Wrapped with Bacon - my favorite.And of course I can't forget the Foie Gras with Glazed Soy-base Sauce.We had a bunch of other stuff, but those are the must haves in my opinion.The only downside was getting back. They called us a cab and we needed to wait awhile for that.
5	Finally got a chance to try Raku..... just like how everyone else was saying... the food and services were excellent!! Wanted a good omakase so I went on yelp and found this place, also a couple of my friends who has been here before recommended and told me I should not miss it if I am ever in town. We were unable to get a reservation at first because it was full, I got sad so my friend called and talked to them and finally we got a reservation! I was super happy and Raku did not disappoint! I can't wait to go back there again, every bite of food was so good!
5	What a fantastic place! I think we ate half of the entire menu :) I would say that the most memorable dishes were the enoki mushrooms and the tofu. Yes, tofu. It's a small, intimate restaurant in the back of a strip mall, so it's very unassuming, but incredibly good. I want to eat here all the time!
1	I was very excited to snag a 6pm dinner reservation on a Monday night.  After reading all the 5 star reviews I was sure this place was going to be delicious. Unfortunately this review is not about the food. Because we never got any. After ordering 10+ things from the menu, we waited and waited and waited....,I knew something was wrong with the kitchen because the waiter started off the night saying please be patient with the kitchen. But waiting for 1 hour for food with a hungry 13 month old who almost has to go to bed is not acceptable. Even worse, they couldn't give me an estimated time for when our first dish would arrive. Very frustrating! We left without any food after over an hour and went down to Monta Ramen. Could not believe how fast service was at Monta. We were done eating before any food probably would have gotten to our table at Raku.
5	Definitely go here if you have a car and order the omakase. High quality sashimi esp. the scallop; it had a sweet fruity flavor with a hard flan-like texture. Foie gras bowl was perfectly prepared. Service was attentive. Do try all the condiments on the table, esp. the chili infused oil and green tea salt.
5	One of my favorite Japanese tapa place in LV.  I especially love the foie gras custard and foie gras with soy based sauce (very rich).  If you are in a group, it would be good to get at least one omakase.  We have been going there for the past 4 years everytime we visit LV, and its been consistent everytime.
1	Disappointed. We were a party of two locals who inquired about the higher end Omakase menu - we were promised caviar, foie gras and kobe. We got 2 out of the 3 (caviar and foie gras) but watched the table of 6 next to us (5 out of 6 non-locals) who ordered the same higher end Omakase menu receive more and better quality dishes including a wagyu with egg dish. When we inquired about the disparity, we were told that the Omakase was based on the size of the table. However everything we saw the neighboring table receive, was on the regular a la carte menu so the refusal to serve us the Wagyu with egg and the fatty tuna dishes (especially after the server confirmed we had both ordered the high end Omakase) was surprising and perhaps, insulting given that we had been served a basic (ie bland) skewered filet from the Robata portion of the menu.   It's clear that someone needs to remind Raku that there are many options in town and clearly us non-food critic locals need to look elsewhere to get our authentic Japenese fix.
5	Raku is probably one of the best restaurants in the valley.  We love this little Japanese grill.  The dishes are unique and scrumptious!  After you're done eating there walk over a few doors down and try their other restaurant Sweets Raku.  Wow! Just wow!  I'm so impressed and I wish everyone could try this cuisine.
5	What a great place! It's off strip location but highly recommend this place if you are looking for a nice Izakaya type of place at reasonable price.Sashimi salad, Sea food chawanmushi, enoki mushrooms and the home made tofu were incredibly good.
5	I loved the dessert place Sweets Raku so much that I had to try its sister restaurant.  It did not dissapoint!  I'm from San Francisco which is a pretty high culinary bar.  This place exceeded my expectations from the decor, to the service, to the food!  KUDOS!  I loved the Kobe tendon (could've eaten 5 but settled on sharing 2).  We loved the foie gras, Kurobuto pork cheek, buttered scallop, Agedashi tofu, asparagus/bacon, fried chicken, etc...  I don't think you can go wrong with anything here!  We didn't try the soups, Sukiyaki, or raw fish.
2	Don't get the omakase... it's all the boring stuff. Way better choices off the a la carte menu.
3	Man, I wish I got reservations, we waited for a LONG time, not to mention getting food was a long time too.  The service was just average, they didn't really check on us at all after they gave us food.  We just got out check and left....The food: Yes green tea soba noodles were delicious!  My favorite dish which I recommend everyone to get was the foie gras egg custard.  So so sosososoososos freakin good. I wish I could've ordered 10 of those!!!
3	Totally overrated. Yu-Yu down the street has similar things for at least half the price. The special Hamburg steak was tough and the sauce was too sweet, and there was way too much for that one meatball-like Hamburg steak.The oyako don has gobo (burdock root) in it, there wasn't enough soup and the gobo didn't complement the other flavors too well.The yellowtail carpaccio was a bit slimy and underwhelming. Yuzu kosho is a good flavor complement to the fish, but the other thing (momiji oroshi?) lacked much of a kick.Some good dishes were the Tofu with the chili and takana (forget its name), the chicken tebasaki/wing, the udon with foie gras steamed egg soup. Overall, not a bad experience but it took 2 hours for three of us to finish the dinner, and the food was decent at best. Didn't get drinks so I can't comment. We sat in the private room in the back which was nice, but it did start to get warm.One tip if you do decide to eat here: the food takes a while to come, so don't over-order. Otherwise, you start to get full before the last dishes come, just because it took about an hour and a half for the rice bowls to come.
4	Tried out Raku in Chinatown Las Vegas because of good reviews and Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown Vegas show.It's a small place near Mantu Ramen, it's best to have reservations but I could never get through to a live person so we just showed up before 6pm and hoped we could get a table.  We were able to because it was a Thurs night and not super busy yet.B. picked dishes off the Grilled menu and I did the Omakase.  Because it was just me doing the omakase the waitress said it would have to be $100, and I couldn't do the $75, ok so bogus though.If you want Hot tea it's $2.5 per person - Not even green tea, more black.B. got a Asahi beer $7I got:homemade tofu - it's really tasty.  4 different sashimi 2pcs each - very tastyOne oyster with cavier on it - gooda stick with 5 grape tomatoes - I think because I mentioned I don't eat fried foods. - meh.Pork belly on stick - tastyKobe beef on stick - 5 pcs of tender beefSmall fish grilled - tasty, wish it had some rice on the side2 rice balls - to fill me upCreamy cheesecake dessert - very light and tastyB. got:foie gras chawanmush $10 - tasty, foie gras was more cooked thoughasparagus w/ baconenoki mushroom w/ baconokurakobe beef filetpork intestineAfterwards we were very full, would love to go back!One unisex bathroom - heated Japanese toilet w/ bidet and other stuff.
4	Raku is definitely worth the long wait to get a reservation. Every flavor and texture is available on their menu, but the homemade tofu and the pork ribs are the dining stars. If you can get past the texture, the pig ears are great and the infused vinegar served with them is delicious.
4	Three of us got together for dinner at Raku.  We were not able to get reservations but were going to try for a counter seat walk in.  As it turned out, we were informed we could have a table in one of the two rooms in the expanded (since I was there) restaurant.  We were to be out by 7:30 when the table was reserved for another party.Service at the beginning was awful.  It seemed like they forgot we were there.  Finally we placed our order but it was close to 45 minutes before we received any food from our entering the restaurant when it opened at 6.  It became apparent we weren't going to make the 7:30 leave time.Stand out dishes for me were the fried sea breem, the chicken on spinach, and anything pork--belly, cheek, ears. The egg custard with foie gras was also very good with the custard being the best part of the dish.   I also really enjoyed the green tea soba noodles that was the end of our meal.  The agedashi tofu was somewhat disappointing to me.  It turned out to be a good evening after a fairly uneven start.
5	If you ever come to Vegas, You must venture out of the hotel scene and the Strip and come here to try their dishes. This is one of the most decadent izakayas I've ever tried. I can't find nothing like this in Los Angeles. We came on a day where one of the special was oysters with caviar! It was delicious but it costed a pretty penny as it was $30 per oyster/caviar.They are known for their tofu dishes and it comes with a broth. The tofu is sweet, creamy, rich and house made. Again, unlike any other tofu dishes I've tried. Other noteworthy dishes include egg custard made with fois grass and the blue fin tuna. The richness and decadence of the dishes pleased my palate. It was far above satisfying. Definitely an izakaya that should be a must try on one's list. Innovative, different, and decadent.
5	Great food!!!
5	I am so happy my friend Phil C. introduced me to this restaurant. I absolutely loved everything I tried here! Especially the Agedashi Tofu! It was so perfect. The broth it is served in is super flavorful and the tofu is so silky.Other stars of the night included the Yakitori Foie Gras and the Egg Custard with Foie Gras (I like Foie Gras, can you tell?). You really can't go wrong with anything you order here! Such an incredible find off the strip!
4	One of the best Japanese restaurants I've been to. We had no reservations and we were lucky enough to score a table after a 10minute wait.From the menu, we ordered a variety of items. I can't recall the whole list of things, but I can definitely remember their Kobe Beef and Bacon wrapped Enoki mushroom.For 2 people, the bill came out close to $300-- including warm sake, beers, and a variety of bite-sized meals. I really like the idea of having smaller bite-sized portions, it allows one to play with the flavors in their mouth. Rather than engulfing large portions of food, one can savor the moment/flavor and truly appreciate the work that was put into the meal. People derive satisfaction from food and place them into two categories-- how full they get and the flavor/experience of the food. If we're talking about an inverted/U-shape curve, I would be sitting right at the "top" of this curve-- not too full to feel disgusted with myself, but not too hungry where I didn't feel like the food was undervalued.  That being said, I do think it is still quite pricey. If only the price were a little bit cheaper, I would come here far more often.
4	What can I honestly say about Raku that probably hasn't already been said? The food was elegant and well executed, though some of the dishes had less than outstanding flavor overall. The service was pleasant, though the pacing on that night was difficult. We couldn't get a reservation that night, but we showed up at opening and got seated at the bar - really not a bad deal because you do get to watch the chefs in motion.While I sampled many dishes, these were my main hits and misses...By and far the most unique and pleasant flavor of the evening was the Udon Noodle with Foie Gras Egg Custard Soup - Extremely rich and flavorful with a unique style to it. Thin cold udon noodles weren't exactly my favorite idea - I actually felt like a warm noodle soup would be fine. But still, there was an amazing depth of flavor with this dish, and a unique presentation on top of it.The Hamachi Kama was a huge piece of fish collar with a ton of flavor and was very tender. This was also a great value being priced under 20 dollars for the amount of fish on the actual plate.The Kobe Beef Liver Sashimi was something I really tried on a whim - really kind of unique in that it has a slimy but incredibly smooth texture, I wasn't sure I loved the flavor but the special salt they had at the table side really helped enhance what was already there. It was unique, but I doubt I'd try it again.While the Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic was really good, I didn't really enjoy the fillet with wasabi - it was too lean and the wasabi overwhelmed the flavor. The Tsukune-Grilled Ground Chicken was a bit of a disappointment as well - I've had similar at Kyara and it was no better nor any different. The duck and lamb were each average to me - the duck had a good texture, but I didn't care for the presentation or the overall flavor. The lamb was marinated which really covers up the flavor of the lamb and because it was an apple marinade, it came out rather sweet.One of the highlights of the evening was the dessert - a fluffy cheese cake which had a texture closer to a cloud rather than the heavy cheese cake that is typical. The sweetness was muted as well, but it was still absolutely delicious.Unfortunately I felt that the service was a little less than stellar because the pacing of the dishes was rather iffy. After the appetizers, we waited about 20 minutes for the Hamachi Kama, and then suddenly all the grilled items were coming out faster than we could eat.Still, I had some very memorable bites of food here that I will think back upon for a while. It was pricey, but definitely not astronomical by any means.
