4	Nice out of the way all you can eat sushi place.  I usually eat enough nigiri to make the trip and price worth while but as a discerning certified asian, I eat muuuuch more than I can handle.  I can eat way more fish than the $25.95 all you can eat price.Only restriction is one uni and amaebi dish per person (and one toro when they have it).  The tempura here is very well done and somehow, in the middle of a desert, the fish is quite fresh.  Definitely a place I'd go back to when I'm in town.
3	Living in Vegas for the past few weeks, and I've stayed far away from the buffet lines.  However, I have also been missing out on my sushi runs and finally had the opportunity for some raw fish this past weekend.Having been to their sister restaurant on Sahara, I was familiar with Sushi Mon's all-you-can-eat menu.  For $29.95, you have an hour to chow down on nigiri, rolls, appetizers, tempura, and dessert.  For those not wanting to participate in the race, you can order from their a la carte menu as well.  For such limited items like Amaebi (don't forget to ask for the fried heads that come with them!) and Uni, it's only one order (a pair) per person.  Otherwise, diners like myself would have them running out of that stuff quick!  I also had some of their nigiri, and their specialty rolls - 9-1-1 Roll, Spider Roll, and Pixie Roll among others.  I had a better experience with their Hamachi Collar this time compared to my experience at the other Sushi Mon.  Order half orders on the rolls so you can try more out and aren't stuck with 8 pieces all to yourself! And for dessert - I like their Plum Sherbet, Lychee Sherbet, and Green Tea Ice Cream.  I never made it around to their Mochi this time unfortunately.Update! 09/14/07 - I made the mistake of ordering their Spider Roll which is huge and filled with crab meat filler!  Blah!  Be sure to ask what their daily fish specials are.  They had bonito and live scallops when we went, and the scallop was pretty good.  Their scallop nigiri is cooked scallop, which is something I didn't really care for.  I got a chance to try their Mochi Vanilla this time, yum!  I think I did a good job of eating my fill!Sidenote: They offer frequent eater cards!  Eat 10 times there and get one free!  They don't take reservations! Update! 03/11/08 - I finally tried their vanilla mochi and it was yummy.  Forgot to check what their daily fish specials were, which was probably a big mistake. Their ahi poke has nice cuts of tuna and seaweed mixed together, add a bit of soy to it though.
5	What's unique about Sushi-Mon?1.  1/2 orders are ok with them -sharing IS caring, good to share with friends and try different rolls2.  their AYCE menu includes appetizers and dessert (hard to find elsewhere)3. Lychee Sherbet is a must try ( finally! I found it at Nijiya http://www.yelp.com/biz/nijiya-market-san-jose#hrid:E43VdZqPGTwG0IyS1xDVtQ)4. Open late until 2 a.m.They have a good variety of rolls and everything is pretty fresh.  The place is always full with a line out the door and a waiting list so you know it's good! The specialty rolls are great, and I recommend the Pixie, Mingus, and the Spider.Just wish their poki salad was a tad less salty.I can't eat as much as I used to but want to get my money's worth.
4	Very good sushi and quite a variety to choose from. I usually order nigiri, including ikura (salmon roe) and if ikura isn't fresh, it's disgusting. Theirs has always been fresh, as is the fish. They've never made a mistake with my carryout orders and the place is always hopping in the evenings so it's too crowded inside to wait for your order or a table.  People wait at the tables and chairs outside the building.  If you're from Vegas the heat doesn't feel so bad, but tourists will probably think it's too hot to wait outside.
3	Like LA, a lot of good places are located in strip malls. Sushi Mon was recommended to me by friends but my first time eating the food was takeout and therefore not the all-you-can-eat everyone talks about.Maybe I'm a little spoiled but the appearance of my sushi lacked uniformity. You could see what pieces were the end of the rolls because they were short on stuffing/ fish. The rolls fell apart in my chopsticks and in my fingers. This was definitely finger-eating sushi but for the wrong reasons.Quality was good though. I did enjoy the flavor of the sushi rice and the fish was fresh. I'll go back again because it's my local joint.I must add though, the dining room is small and don't be a fool like one guy I saw who came in thinking he could get a table for 10 without a reservation. "Sir, it will be an hour and a half wait.""What?! Why's that? This is a special occasion for us!" He retorted scanning a packed room with not one empty table."Well sir, all of these people here are ahead of you and waiting for a table," said the hostess gesturing to alllllllll the people waiting inside and outside....
5	Awesome. There will be a wait, especially if you have a group of more than two. And the wait can be very very long because the place is small. But it's worth it. Just go to the Starbucks a couple stores down and relax until your table is ready.
4	The best way to enjoy this experience is to go with several people and opt for the all-you-can-eat special.  Our group was able to sample dozens of different items and were well satisfied by the end of the meal.  My favorites were the hand rolls, scallops with yuzu, soft-shell crab and tuna, calamari and lychee sherbet.  It turned out to be a very good deal for the amount we ate.
1	I'll keep this one short.  I've been there once, but never again.Pros:  All you can eat menu            Open lateCons:  Rubbery, old fish even on the day they supposedly get deliveries             Service is horrible unless you are friends with the waitress             It's tiny for being so packed all the time....the wait time is bad.             My boyfriend saw mice and their babies fighting and running from under the sushi bar into the bathroomEnough said.
4	The sushi here tastes really fresh especially for a all-you-can eat sushi place.  The prices are the same as anywhere else.  The service is pretty good too.   I really like the cucumber salads here.  There's just one problem, it's so popular at this location, and the building is so small that there is a long wait line many of the times which can be a burden.  Sometimes the wait isn't worth it, but I do think this is the best all-you-can eat sushi place around this area.
4	*4 1/2 stars for this AYCE sushi place...All you can eat sushi and desserts! Can't beat it! It's only $26 to eat all the deep fried oysters, tempura, dragon rolls, tiger rolls, catepillar rolls, sake rolls, unagi rolls, mochi ice cream, deep fried tempura, etc...The only catch is that they charge you extra if you don't eat the rice. In addition, there is a 1 hour eating time. The ambiance isn't all that, and seems just like a regular fast food, low-maintenance restraurant. Sometimes the waiters can be very impatient, and don't really get your order right away since they're too busy walking around. I recommend ordering a ton of stuff early.They also have lunch specials, which includes miso soup and salad! I usually get their two roll combo with spicy tuna roll and the salmon roll! Not bad for some decent Japanese food...The only thing I didn't like much is the new salad dressing (I recommend having it on the side or just tell them to be light on the dressing).
5	This ain't no "Todai - leave - all - the - seafood - out - all - dai - everydai - since yesTodai" Seafood Buffet. How or why I took so long to remember to Yelp this place is beyond me. This is our "Go-To" restaurant everytime we're in Vegas visiting my parents. If you've eaten here, you know why, if you haven't...well let me tell you... THIS HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE BEST SUSHI RESTAURANTS YOU'LL EVER GO TO IN YOUR LIFE. - First of all, the fish is flown in FRESH, from the west coast, the Gulf and sometimes Hawaii, daily. - They don't 'skimp' on their portions. (If it's too much, you can place 1/2 an order upon request) - For $26.00 / person, you'll definitely get your money's worth! (If you know how to order)- You can also order from the kitchen menu (hot items) You're not limited to ONLY sushi. - It also helps if you haven't eaten much (or at all) all day. But try not to "over order" since you must finish what you order. - You can share within your party, as long as whoever you share with ordered the buffet as well. Some of my "Sushi Mon favorites" are the Garlic Tuna (nigiri), the Sushi Monster (huge) & the Toro (1 order / person). Other than those, I'll order the usual: Hamachi roll, Tekka maki, 9-1-1 roll, Rainbow roll...etc... Can't forget dessert either, oh yeah it's included...I usually go for the Tempura Ice cream...make that 2 orders... Like I said, if you know what / how to order, you'll definitely get your money's worth... But hold on...there are some drawbacks.- Wait time can be horrendous!!! Show up as soon as they open, preferably with a party smaller than 6.- You have to finish what you order. They're really anal about you eating the rice that goes along with the fish.- I think they're only open for dinner now (5pm - 2am) They still might serve lunch at the Sahara location.Either way, I'll stick to my guns and name this place the best sushi spot I know of...and being born and raised on an island, I know my fresh fish.
2	After waiting for hours to get a table, FINALLY!!!  I can't believe that I consumed so much sushi in an hour.The fishes are fair, the service is sub-par, but the prices are really good.
5	This place is one of the best A-Y-C-E sushi places I've ever been to.  They have a large variety of cut rolls, hand rolls, and everything is fresh and delicious!  This place invokes smiles and good times.  The best part is A-Y-C-E lychee sherbert, mochi, and tempura ice cream!!!!BUT be prepared for a long wait at night because the place is pretty small.  Totally worth it though!
4	I love the all you can eat sushi here. Word of advice know your limits and once you do order all at once, because sometimes the waiters tend to "forget" about you. All around I love this place and go at least once every 2 weeks. O yeah don't forget to leave room for the tempura ice cream its amazing.
4	sushi mon really is one of the best sushi restaurants in town.  the lunch/dinner specials are really tasty...but the best bang for your buck is the all you can eat menu.  it's the best way to experiment with different rolls and it's such a great deal for sushi.  $25 per person for dinner sounds pricey...but when you consider the fact that it's all you can eat sushi/fish, it's actually really inexpensive.  try out the baked green mussels.  they're delicious.  also, drink some green tea while you're there.  it's so good for you!  try the seaweed salad too...but if you're not into it, make sure you share it with someone, because you have to eat everything or else you get charged.  the best place to sit is at the sushi bar.  the sushi chefs will get you your order right away and you get to watch them prepare everything too.
5	okay. im a sushi whore. and i know it.and there's no where better to whore it up, than at Sushimon's All You Can Eat sushi. basically, one flat fee to keep eating sushi nigiri, rolls, and food from the kitchen for an hour. sushi - is good. really can't F'up the nigiri - its fish on rice. nothing fancy - rule is tho you must eat the rice. the rolls are the stars, as they are usually custom and made to order - i love the jaelin roll, tiger roll and super caterpiller roll. its good stuff - and whats cool is they'll let you order half rolls to really change it up.hot food - is good too. mostly side dishes and apps - but i like the curry rice, yellowtail collar, fried gyoza and miso soup.dessert - fried ice cream or mochi - the ultimate is the super sweet and exotic lychee sherbert - yum.ALWAYS a stop when im back in vegas, i suggest the same for you.
5	Friend took me there for a birthday lunch. This was after having eating 16 oz bone-in rib eyes at Marcel's the night before for a bday dinner. 2 asian girls + all you can eat sushi = bankruptcy for the biz1 garlic tuna 43 seared tuna 41 albacore 3.51 yellowtail 3.53 salmon 3.52 hokki 3.52 gyoza 3.951 dynamite 5.251 grilled salmon collar 4.251/2 orion roll 51/2 no name roll 5.51 pixie roll 10.752 plum sherbert 2.51 lychee sherbert 2.5I think we got our money's worth. Lunch is $25, Dinner is $27. All you can eat for an hour and it was pretty decent sushi. Dynamite not so great, I would skip it next time and get the yellowtail collar. And I would get like three more lychee sherberts.
4	Whenever I see the words "sushi" and "buffet" combined together, images of horrible, unmentionable evil spring to mind and I am left a cowering mess underneath a table somewhere.So when I found myself in Vegas in a rush for a sushi fix, Sushi Mon was brought to my attention.  A buffet, I cautiously whispered.  This can't be good.But no - looking at the Yelp reviews, it defiantly stared back at me w/ its four star rating and dared me to say anything to the contrary.  Fine, I told myself.  *I* will be the judge of that.The verdict:  It wins.The place is pretty damn awesome.  It's a quick drive from the strip (and on top of that, it's easy to navigate to which helps a lot for newbs) and parking is simple b/c it's located right in a strip mall.Strip mall sushi buffet = ZOMGWTFBBQ BAD, right?  RIGHT?!No, damn you!  This place is GOOD!!!The buffet is less than $30 / person for dinner and considering that each roll is about $10, you're getting a deal and a half going for the buffet option.  And unlike most sushi buffets that like to give you a high rice/fish ratio for their rolls, this place keeps that ratio relatively low and gives you a decent amount of fish per roll.The rolls are decently sized and tasty.  I'm a big fan of spicy tuna rolls (I can hear all the purists groaning) and this place has the "911 Roll" which is THE SPICIEST TUNA ROLL EVER.  It's like eating fire wrapped around some tuna, rice and seaweed.  It is beyond brilliant.If you're in the Las Vegas area and want to fill up on some quality sushi at a steal of a price, Sushi Mon is the place to be.+1 for the late hours.
5	Sushi Mon is my all time favorite sushi restaurant!!!  Despite there's always a wait around dinner time, the sushi is fresh and they have the best tempura ice cream.  I'd recommend to get the all-you-can-eat to take advantage of all of the appetizers, sushi and dessert.  Trust me, you have a lot to choose from!
5	How lucky am I that this place gave me my first sushi experience ever!!! We come here once a week, and yes, almost everytime around dinner time there is a wait. BUT IT IS SO WORTH IT. Plus they are really good with their to-go orders. Not the greatest place for large parties who want to sit and socialize alot, but perfect for a quick, healthy bite. Try the tiger roll, it is by far the best.
4	Sushi Mon has great all you can eat sushi.. for an rather affordable price...Ask to sit in Fredo's section at the sushi bar!!!Great selection of fresh fish.. (which is always a positive when eating sushi)Ask for Fredo!!!Lots of rolls to choose from, as well as sushi choices, and they don't use too much rice to fill you up!Fredo suggested the salmon collar (which im surprised that ive never had before, being that we eat sushi about 1 to 2 times a week) it was delicious.. try it!! :) and ask for Fredo.. he's from Hawaii and makes some awesome sushi and is just an all around great, funny guy!!! Also, you get apps and dessert included in your AYCE price, that is if you still have room for dessert after all the sushi you consume...Dont forget to ask for a punch card, (and Fredo, hey im just trying to give you a great experience here) once you get 10 punches you get a free all you can eat!!!! well WoRtH IT!!!!Open late..... and Fredo is there Tuesday thru Saturday, 4pm till close.....  Its hit or miss as to it being busy, you can get right in or there could be an 30 min to 1 hour wait.. so cross your fingers you go at the right time!For all you can eat, you cant beat it with a stick!!
4	Been going to this place for years.  There is usually a wait after 6:00pm.  Sushi is fresh and the Uni is yummy compared to other places.  Decent service and worth the money if you have a big appetite.
4	another place i've been to twice... that being said.. it must be good.the first time we went though, there was a confrontation with a customer about sharing.. being that it is all you can eat, you pay a flat rate of about 25 bucks and technically can only share with those who also have the "all you can eat" menu.  anyway, there was a big ass scene.. i don't know what exactly happened, but we were sitting right next to the table and it seemed like the dude was trippin' over the mother sharing something with her toddler son..idk if i liked that too much..but, all in all.. it's a good place with good sushi..being that their seems to be a lot of people that go to this place, a reservation would probably be best if your in a large party... or even if there's only 2 ppl in your party.  it's not a very big place and doesn't seat to many people at once.  since it is all you can eat,  we tried to order all our sushi at once.. and sometimes they forgot to bring something out... but do manage to bring enough out for you to kinda forget... i stress kind of...anyway, good place... and they're open late!
3	An all you can eat, made to order Japanese owned sushi restaurant. But ran by mostly non-Japanese sushi chefs. Came here for dinner( $26.95/pps) couple nights ago for the first time, ordered assortments of sushi and rolls ( ex: sweet shrimp sushi, uni sushi, smoked salmon, baked yellow tail collar, 911 rolls etc.) The qualities of the sashimi were alright, and the sushi rice seems to fall apart every time when I tried to pick them up. If you're big on quantity rather than quality, then this would be the place to be, but personally, I would rather spent few more dollars and have an authentic Japanese sushi experience.
4	This is probably the best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas.  The rolls are made fresh to order, the menu has a great selection, and the service is fast.  The best things on the menu besides the rolls are the baked mussels and Ahi Poki.  Just those two I could eat forever.  I would have given this place 5 stars if I didn't have to wait so long for dinner.  But it was well worth the wait.  Sushi Mon needs to expand so they have more tables.
4	we love sushi; but usually stay far away from all you can eat places.  however, we decided to give this place a try based on yelp reviews and friends' recommendations.  for all you can eat, it's awesome.  definitely the best all you can eat sushi place we've tried.  just stay away from the sea urchin, but that's just a personal opinion!
3	They are starting to renovate the place to make it more presentable or trendy. Check out the bathrooms: Bamboo plants, wood panels, nice bowl sinks...Yes, it is starting to look more presentable, but the quality of the sushi suffered! All of the sushi I had one night was just not as fresh as it used to be....The nigiri was just so disappointing...The price went up too! $1 or $2 more now....I don't know if it was just that night, but Sushi Mon was just off...
5	I love this All you can eat sushi spot. Its a must to go whenever I'm in the 702. For about $27 per person it's not bad. We usually order half orders of sushi to have lots a variety. You can even have order teriyaki chicken, shu mai, desserts, etc because it's included with the all you can eat selections.It's open late and does get pretty packed during the evenings, but it's worth the wait. I so wish they had a spot like this back home. Its okay, because it's a place I look forward to eat at when I come visit.
4	You can have all of the sushi you want ... for about an hour. I tried this place with a group of my friends while we were staying at Vegas. They have a good variety to choose from and it's all made to order. The quality of the fish was decent but pales in comparison to a regular pay-as-you-go sushi bar. Some of the pieces had warm rice! There's also an assortment of rolls to choose from such as the spider roll and salmon skin roll. Beware... the rolls are huge! Some of the items are one-order-per such as the Sweet Shrimp and the Sea Urchin. But they also have a bunch of other none sushi stuff that's all you can eat such as the miso soup, green tea ice cream and shu mai. The place is small but can still accommodate a couple of large groups. A real cozy feel with waiters watching you to make sure you don't waste food.   They were quick to respond and take additional orders.Overall you get what you paid for and for $27.00 (dinner) I can see myself coming back for more.  Just don't expect the best quality.
4	The first time I ever came here was many years back and where there was only 1 sushi mon!  But now that they have split up, they also had split the menu!  I would say this sushi mon got the better menu!I came here, it was about $35 with tax and tip for ayce sushi!  No sashimi but they do have nigri.  Very good selection and their hamachis are delicious!  All their rolls were great especially the 911 roll!  Very spicy and tasty!  They say it's ayce for 1 hour but we ended up staying for 2 and no one said anything!  Also, 1 hr is a long time to eat!  We stayed for two because we were talking but we weren't eating the whole time.The selection here are pretty fresh and I wouldn't say at all that it was low quality sushi!  People here are friendly and don't make faces or anything when you order and order!  My favorite spot to go to in Las Vegas when I come visit!Also, they have tempura ice cream!  Always a delight! =)
5	This place is great!There are a ton of sushi restaurants in and around Vegas, but this one is a cut above.  Unlike previous reviewers, I've never had a bad experience.  Their rolls are great, and so are their non-sushi dishes.  The late hours are a HUGE plus for those of us working non-standard hours, and it's a great spot to go for drinks and dinner with a couple of friends.
5	While visiting Las Vegas I just happen to select that place to eat at and wow was it amazing. The sushi was made fresh when we order it and the rolls were delicious. There was a wild selection of available rolls and nigiri and the lycee and tempura ice cream was amazing. The service was fast and very friendly. Definitely coming back here again.
3	I love the variety of this place.  The all you can eat option allows you to eat tons of different kinds of sushi and side dishes.  The quality of the fish was okay, but I wasn't expecting much from an all you can eat sushi place.  I recommend getting half orders so you can try more options.  The service was very fast and friendly and I would defeinitely come back again.
4	Justice Pao gives credit when credit is due.  This place is the shitznuts.  Fishes are very fresh and the staff are friendly.  Custom rolls are available if you tell the sushi chefs.  Place is owned by real Japanese folks.  The price is reasonable and the all you can eat free voucher card after 10 eat-ins is a great bonus.  This is Justice Pao's favorite Sushi Joint in Vegas!  Bathrooms were very clean and last time I went 01/04/09 they were playing the Final Fantasy 7 theme song!!  4/5 only because there is no Sashimi, you have to eat the rice :-( Oh and I'm not sure if that wasabi is lactose free.  I would be great if its real wasabi.
4	Went here with a group of friends who recommended this spot. By far this is one of the best sushi spots i've eaten at. All you can eat sushi that is made when you order from the menu. I left here a happy man and probably ate enough sushi for the next 3 days! Only disadvantage is if your on the strip its a good 25 - 30 mins drive. We took a cab here from the strip. Don't ask how much the tab was for the cab. It was still worth it eating here. When we finished they called a cab for us and it wasn't one from the strip. It was a local cab in the area. Driver goes "how the heck you guys get all the way out here?"
3	Came in here based on a friend's recommendation for theirall you can eat sushi for $26 buffet option.They're with a good 10 min. drive off-the Vegas strip so you see only moset of the local they come in.  We were seated in front of the Sushi Chief who was like Sushi machine that were able to make any sushi/rolls in a min./two upon your request.The sushi was really fresh & excellent staffs.Highly recommended it if you have a car to get around LV & try something off-the-strip.
5	Definitely one of the best all you can eat sushi bars i've been to.  The selection cannot be beat, where else can you get sea urchin or buttery raw shrimp included? Only gripe, Mochi ice cream was a lil frozen when we got it.  Delicious and a great value at 22 for lunch (i think).
4	Still the best all you can eat sushi I know.  I compare all other all you can eats to Sushi Mon!   I love that they have tempura ice cream included in the all you can eat as well.
5	I love love love sushi mon, dont really know what the mon stands for, but lemme just say it must be an abbreviated form of monster. Sushi mon is the best, and I mean best all you can eat sushi!!!! Service was awesome, sushi was fresh, and it is so lively in there, conversations galore. I went here a couple of times during my stay at Vegas. O yummy goodness.
4	This is good... that is the simplest most correct way of talking about Sushi Mon... scratch that this is REALLY good.I was suggested this place by a friend and I have been back 4 times in 2 weeks (alright I do have a sushi problem).  The fish here is fresh, the chefs have great suggestions as to new things to try and it is AYCE!!!  I even drive down from North Las Vegas for this sushi.I am a big Uni (sea urchin) fan and have been consistently impressed with the quality.  My father (who used to go to Japan for business often) said that it was some of the best uni that he has had in the US.  The problem is they do limit you.  The other fish on the menu has consistantly been fresh and delicious.  Don't be afraid to try new things along with the gold standards (yellowtail, tuna, salmon) as they are all good.Like most of the AYCE sushi places I have been to you can order anything on the menu including appetizers and dessert.  The menu is a good size with a nice variety of fish and rolls.  Another positive is that if you are the only diner for AYCE you can order half rolls.  This sushi place didn't try to fill me up on rice or give me a paper thin slice of fish.  I would rate this sushi place high for the AYCE AND the sitdown sushi places.I guess that they have another location but I haven't been there.Seating can be rough but I haven't had to wait long... for even less time sit at the sushi bar.
4	Great All You Can Eat Sushi Joint in Vegas.Located in a shopping plaza.  Easy to park.  The restaurant is not too big but staffs are very efficient with orders.  During non-busy hours, you can actually eat longer than the regulated 60 mins but usually people are full before they hit an hour landmark.  Fishes were fresh.  Make sure to check their daily specials!  I like their fresh scallop (its previously frozen, however) but still pretty good for AYCE standard.  Uni melts in your mouth as well.  Sweet shrimp is better than typical AYCE place too.  I also liked their salmon, yellowtail, amber jack, albacore sushi.  Their tempura shrimp and seaweed salad is good too.  One of the best I have had in the AYCE restaurant.  Thumbs up.   They also make pretty good rolls, including 1/2 order rolls so for those who can't consume the whole spider roll, this is the place to go.My only gripe for this place is that their sushi rice is bit on the firm side.  It wasn't  very "sticky" when I was there.  Maybe just one of the bad nights?  Their Ikura (Salmon Eggs) weren't that salty too so if you don't like fishy stuff, try to avoid that.  Other than that, its definitely worth to make a trip here if you are very hungry and loves sushi!
1	I don't understand what all the hype is about this place. My first experience here, I did not do the all-you-can-eat, but the rolls and sashimi I ordered were just awful. Everything I ordered came warm and sticky, like it had been sitting out for a while. I gave this place a second chance when I went with my man and some friends, and it wasn't any better. Major disappointment after all the good things I had heard.If I could rate this place a zero, I sure would.
5	This is my sushi place.  If I'm not scoping out a new place, this is my old-reliable sushi place.Sushi Mon is a small privately owned sushi restaurant in a rather nondescript shopping center on the corner of Maryland and Silverado.  It's also very popular, so be prepared to wait for up to half an hour or even 45 minutes on busy nights.That being said, it's totally worth even an hour wait to get in.  The sushi chefs are fun and talkative, and really help you out, and will make you custom rolls if you ask for it.  The fish is always fresh and flavorful, and they have a lot of specialty rolls, and are always adding more.  In addition, they have a large selection of nigiri, and will always have a special of the day posted on the wall.  The wait stuff is quick and efficient, though they don't have as much personality as the chefs.  And the manager is the best guy ever.  Personal favorites are the jala-jala roll, the sushi-bon, Pete's roll, and the must-have Dynamite.  The all-you-can-eat is $26.95, which is a little daunting for newbies, but it's the only choice for a Sushi Mon-ster like me.  Keep in mind, too, that you can get half-rolls as well, so you're not stuck eating a huge roll that you wanted to try but didn't like.  This is a social experience, so don't go alone, it's just not fun, is it?  Also, they have an all-you-can-eat punch card.  Eat 10 times, and you get your 11th one free.  I've made use of this 3 times in the last year.  Here's a secret:  Take friends from out of town!  You can have their stamps and add to your card! :D  Finally, this place is just plain consistent.  I've been to other sushi places where they were good one day, and not good the next.  The service would be worse, or the fish would be less fresh, or some thing.  Sushi Mon has always been good and delicious and has never let me down yet, and I've been here more often than those other places combined.  Don't look for fine dining, just fun, over-stuffed sushi dining!
4	I still consider myself a sushi noob, but with the AYCE at Sushimon I'll be a pro in no time! Half-rolls so you can try new ones, chef specials with awesome names, very tasty fish, and the dessert was yum (tempura ice cream woohoo!). There cooked sides were kinda blah, but that might be because I was mesmerized by the sushi feast. Order as you go so you don't over-order and pay extra for what you don't eat. They're open super late (like 2am I believe) so, if like me, you crave your sushi at midnight this is the place to get your fix.
5	I can not explain why one of my favorite Sushi place is so far from the water...Esp when I live on the water. But Sushi Mon is the Man! --OK that was lame but really this place has the best value, it is so cheap and the sushi/ sashimi portions are LARGE. Wine by the glass is $3 (prob not a recognizable vintage but who cares? -its 3bucks!) The sushi chefs are entertaining and its open until 3AM. I've been coming here for years --every visit to Vegas means a visit to Sushi Mon, I've been looking for something comparable in my hometowns. Still looking....
5	The Best all you can eat place!!i live in LA and i would sometimes drive to vegas with my friend just to go to this place!The sweet shrimp with the fried head is a must! its SOOO good!i love their yellowtail, unagi, and their yum yum scallop is also good. \for dessert, definately try the tempura ice cream! the best thing ever!!and rememebr to get the stamp card. You can get one free all you can eat if you have 10 stamps!
4	At first, you would think this was another wanna be sushi joint. Shockingly, this place is very good. I always go for the all you can eat. Go figure, I am a glutton. Try to come here with a large group so you can try all the rolls. If not stick to the small sushi or else you will get full with two orders of sushi rolls. There is always a wait every time I come here, so try to get here as soon as they open. I know that quality has gone down but that is every sushi joint in town. Some worse than others. Yes, I am a fan of this place.
3	I was told there's an amazing sushi all-you-can-eat restaurant off the strip in Las Vegas and I did my first visit in Feb 2009. That was such an awesome experience. Came in around 12pm and ordered lots of half-order baked rolls and fancy sushi. The raw fish, esp. the yellowtail, was very fresh. The strawberry mochi was also very impressive as a dessert. Based on my previous experience, I gave it a second try last week during lunch time. However I found that there must be something different... I can tell the sushi was made differently, although all the chefs were the same. When I pick up the sushi, the rice fell apart easily. I was not sure if it's because the chef did not make the roll correctly, or the rice was not made for sushi at all. But with the price they charge, it is not supposed to happen (especially it's made by Japanese chefs!). The chef lapsed our order several times even when we were sitting at the sushi bar. Even if the raw fish was still fresh, I was feeling so different that I have to gave it only 3-start this time. C'mon sushi mon, you fish deserves 5-star, what happened to your sushi rice??
3	Oh, dearest me, Sushi mon, Sushi mon, sigh, why oh why do you charge so much for all you can eat sushi? Is the fish quality better than any other AYCE sushi restaurants? Absolutely not. Are their rolls superior to other AYCE sushi restaurants? Nope!This wildly popular sushi joint is gleaming with southern Las Vegas patrons. They are swarmed with clients day in and day out and late night. I walked in at 11pm on a Friday and there was a large crowd of people waiting to either get into the restaurant or just hanging out in front of Sushi Mon. I guess that is the new thing these days. "Hey, we are going to hang out at Sushi Mon and pretend we are cool." Nevertheless, the wait was short as I was dining alone and the bar was sufficient for myself. I started to look at their laminated menu and took a look around the restaurant itself. The restaurant itself is bland, Someone had the bright idea of putting tile, in a diagonal pattern, on the wall. Are you kidding me? EPIC FAIL. The seating is quite spread out and the restaurant itself is quite small. The sushi chefs are abundant, however, and that is usually a great sign for a busy restaurant. The patrons seemed happy indulging in their gluttony of raw fish, rice, mayo and cream cheese creations. I for one, always order the sushi first before I order any specialty rolls. The salmon sushi was just meh to my standards. Their salmon was a bit  warm and the texture seemed off. The tuna was good and their yellowtail was surprising very good. I do have to say their rolls are quite interesting. I can't really remember what I ordered, but what I did order tasted a-ok to me. I remember asking my sushi chef to make me their best roll they had. It was some shrimp tempura roll concoction wrapped in soy paper. Can't remember the name but I remember liking it very much. As for the positive sides of the restaurant, I can see why people like this place. The warm welcoming staff, the sushi chefs, and the massive amount of people waiting to attack their sushi rolls with their salivating palates. A word for the owners. You are doing a great job. I hope you continue to succeed. For Christ's sake, please take that stupid tile down from the wall and put up some authentic artwork or something! Augh, it really makes me not want to dine there because of the crappy decor. Stop charging so much for standard sushi quality! Then again, if people are paying it why stop right? I understand.  Yes I would return to the restaurant, but, I probably wouldn't go by myself again. If my friends are willing to go I may just join them.
3	This place was so crowded! We went on a tuesday night and it was absolutely packed, not just at the bar but at all the tables as well. My wife and I decided to give this place a try since it is just down the street of our new apartment and we were hoping it would make for a good alternative to our usual sushi place, Yama. Afterwards we decided it was an OK place, but the extra drive to Yama was worth it for the better quality food. Ok, so the good parts first I think... first, all you can drink soda was a plus, most sushi places will just give you a can of soda but this place gave nice big glasses. Servers were also very quick on the refills, and since I can down a glass of soda or water very quickly during a meal I kept out waiters busy, lol.We both got the AYCE at the sushi bar and once we got the attention of our sushi chef started ordering. Most of the food was OK, the baked green mussels were about average while the garlic albacore was delicious. My wife absolutely loved their special "Sushi Bon" dish, one of their new specials. For dessert my wife and I also recommend the lychee sorbet, very tasty. Sadly this just about ends the positive portion of this review.Ok, now for the problems. Other than the refills, service was slow as hell here. It took the chef about 20 minutes per item, longer if it was baked. At first I thought it was just because of the crowd, but even once it started emptying in the restaurant it remained painfully slow. This is despite the large number of sushi chefs on duty at the time as well! As for the majority of the sushi itself it was nothing all the great. We tried a number of different items and found most of them to be a bit bland. Also, they all seemed to be variations of the same thing (and not a good thing at that). Presentation was a bit lacking as well, nearly every dish we had looked rushed and fell apart while we were trying to eat it. They had an item which was a variation of a dynamite roll that we ordered, it looked like they had skimped on the toppings, then when we went to eat it the thing turned to mush before we could take a bite. Most of the food was like this, either it fell apart or didn't seem to be cooked right or something just wasn't right. Really a let down for the evening. All in all it was an OK experience, the plain sushi was yummy and I enjoyed a small number of the rolls, but the bulk of it was just not what I would consider quality sushi. How it got this busy and such a good rating is a mystery to me. But they do have a huge selection and if you are willing to brave some of the more interesting rolls then give it at least one try, you might find it is more to your tastes than my own.
2	I really don't get why people like this place so much. i go all the time because it's near my house but there are like 5 others in a 2 mile radius that serves all you can eat and is way better.  For awhile I thought the staff was kind of rude. I don't need them looking over my shoulder to see if my half bite of my friend's sushi roll is breaking their "no sharing" rule. Dang, I just want to try so I know whether or not to order. I recommend I love Sushi or Kaizen Sushi (more expensive though). They're close and off Eastern.
4	I love this tiny place!Far away from the strip, but located in a strip mall, this is a veritable treasure in the city of sin.  Any time of day, for $25.95 per person, you can eat all you want - anything you want - on the menu.  Though there is a sixty minute time limit, I have never been kicked out after an hour.  However, after eating sushi for an hour you are done!Especially after eating their deep fried or monster rolls, you won't have much room left.I advise sitting at the sushi bar.  You can tell the sushi chef directly what you want, you can have half orders of almost all the rolls, so you can sample a wide variety.Here is a sample of what I ordered on my recent visit, just to give you an idea:Dynamite (scallops baked with mushrooms and onion, a creamy mayo sauce, into a scallop shell) 5.25Baked Green Mussels 5.95Cajun Albacore Sushi (this is my favorite) 4.00Salmon Sushi 3.50Seared Tuna 4.00Salmon Roe 3.751/2 order of Mingus Roll (deep fried spicy tuna, cream cheese, and avocado) 4.25Pixie Roll (deep fried sot shell crab, spicy yum-yum shrimp and cucumber, avocade, wrapped with soybean paper and topped with smelt eggs) 10.75J.J. Roll (crab stick tempura, cream cheese, avocado, asparagus, topped with eel sauce) Of course I sampled my friend's dishes as well, and they were all delicious.  Though only the sushi is all you can eat, there is still an extensive Japanase cuisine menu, from which to sample.Drinks are not included in the all you can eat, but the desert is also included. I love the green tea ice cream and the plum sorbet.Curious about the 50 rolls they have? Go to the website for their complete menu and photos and descriptions of all the rolls.
4	i wouldn't think that an all-you-can-eat sushi joint would be any good, but this place surpassed my expectations. can't say it was the best sushi i've had, but they were good, and had other dishes as well.  the fried oyster, baked mussels, and sake shots were terrific.  nigiri & rolls we devoured.  i agree that the price could be a bit less.  they do charge for unfinished food.
2	After hearing that the sushi chef from Sushi Mon on Sahara had moved here we had to check it out.  I do enjoy their fried oysters and dynamite.  However, the quality of the fish is just so-so.  Maybe I'm spoiled by the high quality of fish I've been eating at my new regular spot, Naked Fish http://www.yelp.com/biz/naked-fishs-sushi-and-grill-las-vegasHowever about halfway into our meal, we were shocked when we saw them clean the inside of the glass sushi display case with a big blue bottle of windex.  Yes, the case with all the fish in it.  We walked out.  That is wrong.  Won't be going back.
4	For the love of all things holy, can I PLEASE clone this restaurant and put it closer to my new house???I used to live next door to the place when it first opened up.  It only took a matter of weeks before it was jam packed every night and had a line out the door for dinner.They have the BEST yum yum sauce I've ever tasted.  My single and only complaint is with the Toro.  It is never the same quality from day to day (because they never know what they are going to get), and if you are at ALL a fan of tuna, you want the stuff that just melts in your mouth.  It just boggles the mind to be served a piece that's all stringy and white after having already had the highest grade Toro.  There is a "grading scale" for the belly tuna - be sure to ask before ordering if it's the top grade that day.  Otherwise, skip it and order something else.  Preferably the Stardust, so you can taste the outrageously good yum yum sauce...  Their tempura is pretty good too, with a fairly light crust on it.  I've had some heavy handed tempura at other places, and those are NOT good.  The teriyaki salmon is delish - not too tangy, not too sweet.  Overall, everything I've had on the menu has been wonderful.  Be prepared to wait if you go at dinnertime, but we always thought ahead to get takeout so we could just grab it and go.
4	Best AYCE sushi place I've been to in a while.  My room mates and I came here on our recent Vegas trip and I think its safe to say its better than the AYCE sushi places in the OC.  Their rolls are big and have a lot of different ingredients.  It's not your basic, California roll with tuna on top, no no no....something MUCH better!We ordered basically 50% of the menu....yeah we were hungry but it was so damn good.  I don't remember exact names but do try the "Ah Chi Chi Roll" ....trust...its gooood :]Minus one star for being in VEGAS.... tooo far!
5	I love Sushi Mon!! I go there every time I want all you can eat sushi.  This place is always busy!! But of course I never mind the wait, its well worth it! They have very fresh sushi and a huge selection to choose from! I love sitting at the Sushi Bar and interacting with their Sushi Chefs.  The best part is, when you get all you can eat, there is a huge menu of not only sushi but other dishes you can have along with desert.  I love the mochi balls.   My fav is the strawberry.  For $25 a person, you can't go wrong! Sake Bombs!! Sake Bombs!!  :)  If you don't feel like all you can eat, they do have a very reasonably priced sushi menu!! YUMMMMY!
5	I absolutely adore sushi.  And no, I'm not snooty about my sushi.  I like nigiri along with sushi rolls.  If that makes me any less legit, so be it.  I love any roll with shrimp tempura and unagi sauce on it.  Anyway, my friend told me about this place and it's an all you can eat (AYCE) sushi place.  (I only clarify AYCE because when I was reading reviews it took me a good half hour to figure out what it meant) So the bf and I went to get our sushi on and we were not disappointed.You have an hour to eat all the sushi you can and trust me, it's enough.  We were seated at the sushi bar, always a good place to be, and we gave our orders directly to the head sushi chef. You can order any nigiri, rolls, they have specials on the walls, as well as anything from chicken teriyaki to shrimp tempura on their side menu.  I didn't wanna waste any time on anything but the sushi though.One of the things I LOVE is that you can order half rolls, which was great because that way you can try more things without getting ridiculously full.  So my boyfriend and I dove in ordering some toro, sweet shrimp, yellowtail, and albacore.  It was all good.  I know you worry that all you can eat = poor quality, but that is not the case here.  They have great cuts of fish along with yummy rice.  Then we started experimenting with the rolls.  I ate to the point where I almost needed to throw up.  I considered going to the bathroom and throwing up just so I could eat more. Then I resolved not to be bulimic and came back to the bar where my boyfriend was a trooper and managed to order dessert.  I have to say, if I had only 1 meal in Vegas, I would spend it here.  I wish they had a sushi mon in LA, I'd probably get mercury poisoning from going everyday.
5	If you're a sushi lover do the buffet amazing price and for delicious sushi! Everything was great quality and the selection was very extensive from side dishes, to specialty rolls and even desserts. The Tiger roll was great along with the fresh nigri rolls and the sake shooters were YUMMy too. All in all this was a great find and I would go back many a times if I had the opportunity. Forget eating on the over priced strip, this is where its at.
5	If you love all you can eat and you can really eat that much sushi (meaning with the rice), then this is the place for you. Not only is everything fresh, but you get a menu where you can choose from. Of course the really expensive stuff you get limited to 2/person, but its totally worth it. The price is again, like buffets, per person so don't bother brining people that can't eat a lot or else it's not even worth it. The sweet shrimp is awesome and make sure you tell them to fry the head and eat it, caz its a delicacy. This is definitely the place I'm going to when I'm in Vegas.
2	Not as good as it used to be.  I used to go there regularly when it first opened and always enjoyed it.  Tried it a couple of times over the last year and have been dissappointed each time.
4	I would give this place 5 stars.....ONLY if they were a little bit easy on the hawk style watch over you when you eat "all you can eat" menu with people who are eating a la carte.They literally watch you like a hawk and no one likes to be watched like that when they're eating.  I have witnessed a really bad scene once where a man stated he was too embarrassed to finish his meal because of they way they were watching him and accussing him of sharing his all you can eat menu with his family.  It was ridiculous on both Sushi Mon's part and the mans part.  But all in all, all you can eat sushi..is bomb.  Their sushi tastes fresh and they have an awesome side menu to order things like seaweed salad, miso soup, tempura shrimp, yellowtail collar, baked mussels, beef teriyaki, and shumai which is all also all you can eat.  This is the place to go when you are hungry and its open pretty late.  Last call is at 1:30am.  Price is about $27 per person.  To me...good deal because I can eat way more sushi over that price.  Plus you have all you can eat dessert ;) green tea ice cream, mochi balls, red bean ice cream.....man.  Whats not to love?They even have those stamp cards for frequent customers.  Free 11th all you can eat meal.  HOLLA!
3	Pretty decent all-you-can-eat sushi bar, which is harder to find in Las Vegas these days.  My favorite used to be Hamada, but they stopped doing it a year or so ago.They have some rules, which seem fair.  They state that you must eat everything (including rice) in order to avoid getting charged, but they didn't seem to enforce that rule, grabbing plates away before we had a chance to eat every crumb.  I think as long as you don't abuse the all-you-can-eat, they are totally cool about it.The place is nothing special, located in a shopping strip mall.  However, they are open late, which is a real plus in my book.  We went late, and there were quite a few people coming and going.The hamachi and maguro nigiri were actually very good.  The miso soup was not (too watery and not much tofu).  The sunomono salad was also very tasty and fresh.  The rolls are big, so order conservatively until you see what I am talking about.  The 9-1-1 roll was scorching HOT!  We loved it, but unless you want to sweat, don't order it.  The menu warns you in case you don't listen to me.  Keep in mind the rule if you don't eat everything.Overall, I give it a thumbs up.  I would go back if I was looking a late night sushi spot for sure.  The total bill for 3 people was $95.78 and that included 3 all-you-can-eat orders and 1 large Sapporo.  Tip was extra.
5	Sushi and service here are great! We always get the all-you-can-eat here and love it! The appetizers are good and they have a large variety of hand/cut rolls to choose from.Two thumbs up! Will come back again soon!
5	my boyfriend's sister, who's a sin city local raves about this place! so on our last visit we made this our final stop just before heading to the airport. i have to admit we were a bit skeptical at first. we're pretty hardcore sushi eaters and this place just seemed way too good to be true!the four of us came for the sushi buffet at about $25 per person. we seriously tried just about every roll on the menu and were stuffed but still made room for dessert! who could turn down endless green tea ice cream scoops right? the fish was fresh and the rolls each had it's own sushi mon little twist to it. i forget the names, but i enjoyed their variation of the usual spider roll and garlic tuna. this place is a super steal at price, quantity and quality! generally a couple rolls sets the check at about $30 at typical sushi bars. needless to say we boarded our returning flight satisfied and full. sushi mon will definitely be one of our number one hit up spots when visiting vegas from now on.
5	The best sushi I have ever had. EVER. I don't even live in Vegas and I must say -- BEST!Every time I came out to Vegas to visit people, I'd HAVE to come here. Ironic part -- which makes it even more special -- is that it's in Las Vegas! Not even the strip..but like, a totally local far-off area from the strip! It's like..an oasis of hella good sushi!!!But if you come out here...you HAVE to get the $30 All-You-Can eat and sit at the bar. The sushi-guys there are so fun -- I swear they take a hit of sake on every hour. (There's also a tv playing sports constantly -- so it's great for the sport fans). For that price, you can have rounds and rounds and rounds of insanely good quality sushi and really creative rolls. You also can get an unlimited amount of truly fresh tempura (veggie and shrimp), miso soup, edame, soooo many of the other japanese delicacies, green tea ice cream, plum sorbet, the list goes on and on and on and on.Be forewarned though...they don't take reservations and the wait can take more than one hour sometimes, and the place is so small you can't wait inside..and in the winter..you can't wait outside because it's so flippin cold...in that case, leave your name/#, and go wander in Smith's supermarket next door to keep yourself entertained. In other words, hopefully they expand the size of their place one day.
4	I can't give it 5 stars because the price is slightly more expensive than other places and half the time I'm there, they tell me they don't have any toro.  Otherwise, the slices of sashimi are generous with minimal rice, which is great with the AYCE.  The "sexy roll" is one of my favorites here.  Also you must get the yellowtail collar.  The dessert is also something you should save some stomach for (strawberry mochi ice cream, lychee sherbert, green tea ice cream and red bean ice cream).  Call to see if they toro that evening before going.
5	Sushi Mon was a regular place I'd go to with my friends or family or whoever else loves it there!All you can eat sushi for 20 something dollars is winners!! The staff were always friendly and welcoming which is a huge plus at any restaurant.Sushi is fresh and so good; the selection is awesome! I wish we had a Sushi Mon in HAWAII!
5	The best damn All You Can Eat Sushi bar in Las Vegas, and yes I say that having been to only 3. Here is the deal. Toro nigiri is available sometimes and usually most times on the all you can eat menu. Toro usually runs about $12 for two pieces...Yeah it's all you can eat level Toro, but it's still Toro!If you're ever heading here and you'd like some company I'm always down to go!Also if you do get tired of fish they also have teriyaki beef and chicken and stuffs for you to eat as well. I love this place!
5	Sushi Mon is a real gem! It's far enough from the Strip that I doubt most tourists will ever hear about it, but I'm really glad I asked Yelp (and my local friend) where to eat sushi on a Friday night.Sushi Mon does ACYE sushi (all-you-can-eat) the only way you can -- by ordering off a very extensive menu, and ordering more rolls whenever something catches your eye or when you realize you're still hungry. (No stale rolls under buffet glass here!) This only works if the restaurant has great service, and luckily, the wait staff is very prompt here.If they still have it on the specials menu, you have to try the pastel roll. Unhealthy, for sure, but oh so yummy.The only drawback was waiting for 45+ minutes for our table on a Friday night. In their defense, we were a pretty big group. We ended up killing time by stocking up on snacks and toiletries at the Smith's across the parking lot.
5	[+1]This place is awesome for cheap and extremely tasty sushi... smack dab in the desert of Nevada. Huh.[+1] AND it's ALL YOU CAN EAT! EAT ALL THE THINGS![+1] The cuts are pretty huge.. just the right amount and not with a ton of wasabi like you normally get at other all you can eat sushi restaurants.[+1] ** My friends and I kept ordering a bazillion orders of yellowtail because it is our favorite! It's about $25 total for as many as you want!! Ahhh!! The waiters were awesome and very quick.[+1] They started us out on one order on a normal plate, then started bringing our orders on huge plates with 8 orders on them because the yellowtail disappeared into our bellies. Friends: "Wow, our orders are getting bigger." Me: "Wow, the fish cuts are getting bigger and bigger. I think they want us out."[+1] ** This place is also open LATE! We arrived in Vegas at midnight and my friend who lives around the area took us here at around 1 am and we ate for an hour til we were full! Wish there was one in Torrance! :p
5	Everytime we are out in Vegas, one meal has to be at Sushi Mon.  It's a great AYCE nigiri, side dishes, rolls, and desert selection.  The dinner includes uni, toro, and amaebi...if you love this type of nigiri sushi.  I don't know any place that have this option in the AYCE menu.  I'm usually full from the nigiri but they have a wide selection of rolls.  That's what the hubby enjoys...a variety.  We keep coming back here to Sushi Mon...the fish is fresh, good quality, and prepared well!  Kan pai to our sushi chef, Rocky, who made everything delicious and such a great environment.  We'll be back!
5	Baked 428 roll all day mutha fuKKKKKKKKKKKKKAAAAAAA
5	Wow wow wowwwwwwww this is the best ACYE Sushi place ever!! Usually AYCE sushi joints pack on the rice, but not this place.This place is a real gem! Very good quality sushi- very fresh and tasty.You can't beat the price! 29.99 AYCE fresh sushi?! I'm in heaven! However, I think they give you a time limit, but it's enough time, they bring the food out pretty quick.This place is a bit far off the strip, which is a good thing, cause it doesn't get packed.The AYCE sushi list has a lot of stuff. I loved the albacore and salmon roll.  Oh and AYCE dessert!! I loved the lychee sorbet! SOo yum! Must try =)Love this place, can't wait to go back... I wish they had a place out here in LA/OC!
5	MMmmmmMMMMmmm!!  First time here. From what i heard from others, I think they raised the price up a bit. Is it because it's NYE weekend? I'm not sure. From $26 to $28...still a bargain for AYCE sushi. You can also opt to do a la carte. But really, who wants to do that? It's a small intimate space with a sushi bar. We sat at the sushi bar to get to know the sushi chefs and watch them make the sushi and rolls. Basically, you get to order from the entire menu...AYCE. So many to choose from. My mom who doesn't eat raw fish went for the special rolls and cooked items...she was in heaven. For those of us who are fans of sushi and LOVE fresh fish...all I can say is YOWZAH and MORE please! Each AYCE patron gets one order of Toro and Uni. Unfortunately, the night we came, there was no Uni left. But the Toro was delicious. I have never had Toro before so I was surprised that it resembled fresh meat. Is that fish? Wow! So fresh and so good.My fave is salmon so I ordered it in bulk. It was so fresh, no smell and no sign of fishiness at all. I am so against not so fresh fish...that the freshness of the fish we were served here competes with more expensive a la carte sushi locations I have been to in the past. My experience here was amazing. I had lots and lots of special rolls, hand rolls, nigiri sushi, shrimp tempura, mussels, dynamite etc, etc, etc that I was bursting at the seams. I barely could breathe when walking out of there. We all had a wonderful time and this was the first time I have ever been to an AYCE sushi where I can say that the fish is fresh and tasty. Great experience for sure and even the chefs and the servers were friendly, quick to serve and the sushi chefs kept asking us constantly what else we wanted.I will for sure come back here again with my appetite in tow. Until we meet again....
3	Aside from the fact that this was a sushi spot open late at night, it was just okay to me. None of our group was hungry enough for the AYCE sushi, but we got a few nibbles at 1am. The nigiri itself was very good, as were the rolls we ordered. The Japanese style diced beef steak was very dry, which was disappointing because I had high hopes for it.Other than that, nothing really stood out to me, but I'll definitely give it another shot when we're in town.
5	Still hands down the BEST sushi restaurant I have EVER been to. EVER!!! Still hands down a place you HAVE to come when u come to vegas (that's NOT on the strip -- this is where the locals kick it!).$26ish for unlimited access to all of the super duper fresh rolls, sides, and desserts. AH!!! So flipping good!!!And the service here is still FLAWLESS. Fast. Efficient. Friendly. Super Attentive. Smiley. Seriously can't ask for anything better.Reunited with some old friends here as we stuffed ourselves and enjoyed $13 pitchers of Saporro and sake sake sake. Get the warm sake...=D.
3	The Place: Clean, CasualThe Service: Quick, Friendly The Food: Variety, Good FoodThe first time I went here there was a 45 minute wait for a table of two.  I ended calling in a order of sushi to go.  It was ok, nothing that I would write home to mom about.  A few months later I decided to give them a second chance and did the "All You Can Eat".  The fish tasted fresh, but it seemed that my sushi had more rice than fish.  I haven't been there since, nor would I go out of my way to eat there. Island Sushi is where it's at for "AYCE" and coming soon 808 Sushi in the southwest!
3	First off, it's hard to compare this place with other sushi joints local to Las Vegas because I am technically a Southern Cali girl. But Overall, I did have a good experience at this place. Some friends and I were running some last minute errands in Las Vegas and we were way off the strip to take care of them. We were also quite hungry and just looking for some decent food we saw along the way. It was either Sushi or Greek. Everyone felt like Sushi so as soon as I saw a decent Sushi place, I said "let's go to THAT one!". So we parked and headed inside. This place is TINY as heck. We luckily got seated fast but then a line started to form immediately after us. We definitely lucked out! I can only imagine how long you must have to wait to be seated when there are so few seats in this joint.The service was not bad. But they did forget TWO of our orders. But the sushi was very good. We didn't opt for the All You Can Eat because there's no way I could eat $27 worth of sushi all by myself. I wasn't THAT hungry. I instead just ordered 2 rolls which came out to less than $15 total and I was a happy camper. The rolls were delicious and satisfying. This place is busy and seems very popular among all. It must be a rare good sushi place in Vegas and so that's why everyone comes here. In my personal opinion, it's very hard to find good Asian food in Vegas. I have not been very impressed but this place is the first to semi impress me. I would actually come back again if I felt like driving off the strip for some sushi.
4	I'll definitely come here next time I'm in town. Great food, friendly people.
5	When I go to Vegas, I always look forward to coming here for dinner. The food here is very fresh and very good! Even though they recently raised their prices for the AYCE, it's still worth it. I recentl tried deep fried shrimp heads (not on the menu) and was blown away at how good it was! It's definitely something I would never imagine to be delicious. The service is is great. The food comes out quick and all the workers are always very friendly!
4	Great deal ($23 lunch) for what you get: decent quality, made-to-order all you can eat Sushi.  They have a variety of nigiri sushi and rolls, and many cooked dishes/appetizer as well. (Too bad no sashimi in the all you can eat menu)  I've been there a few times now over the last couple years.  You are allowed one order of sweat shrimp and sea urchin nigiri per person.  The nigiri pieces are smaller than typical, but since it's all you can eat, you can actually try more variety this way.  The rice to fish portion is reasonable, although just a tag more than I would like and they do require that you eat the rice as well.  But I usually leave small amount of scattered rice pieces here and there and they never said anything.  The quality of fish is suprisingly fresh for an all you can eat place, but of course not as good as the pricier sushi restaurant.  They also have some good rolls there.  It also include dessert so that's nice.  I haven't tried any other of the similar all you can eat sushi place in the vegas area, so I'm not sure how it compares.  I just know I wish there's a place like this near where I live.
5	What can i say... Other than.. Be prepared to leave in a self inflicted Sushi and wasabi Coma... $28 for the all you can eat buffet, Made as you order, this is not the pre made sushi sitting on a tray on a bed of ice. THis is legit, you order they roll and you eat. You can also order sides like teriyaki chicken and the other normal items. I am a sushi lover so i say bring it on.. You roll it, ill eat it.... The word Roll seems to be coming up alot in this review, maybe because when your done eating this is exaclty what you will be doing......Rolling out the door. Thumbs up to Shushi mon. Be prepared for a wait, the building holds about 60 people or so and it fills up nightly.
4	My favorite Sushi restaurant in Vegas so far.  They have an ALCE option which is usually the best way to go.  **if you order a la carte and  decide to spend more than the $28 AYCE price, they will let you just pay that flat fee and go to town!!! sunrise roll and seared tuna nagiri are my faves!
5	This is the best all-you-can-eat sushi buffet I had ever been to!  Sashimi is fresh and quality is very good for what you pay for.   The best items to order are fresh scallop and tuna belly sushi.  It sure beat the regular sushi restaurant in terms of food qaulity.  Price wise - only $27.99 for dinner, that's a very reasonable price for a buffet in Vegas.  I will definitely come back!
5	This is my favorite sushi place in the world. The first time I was there they had Toro on the all u can eat, and they still do every once in a while...Toros is $12 an order usually! Hell of a deal. Now the problem with most all you can swallow sushi places is that every roll is on top of a cali roll, the lamest roll ever. Sushi Mon is not that way! I recommend you get a Sunrise, Jala Jala, JJ, Moon, and the sweet shrip upon sitting down. Also the sweet shrimp heads! DELICIOUS!!!! Also if you like Ponzu sauce, and if don't I hope you have nightmares, you'll love the Albacore, Garlic Tuna, and Yellowtail Collar. That right there should be enough for ya. Realize also get your Miso soup (if don't finish it you can hid rice in it...shhhh!) And some steamed gyoza. Because you have too!
3	Ive had Sushimon 2 times now and both times have been very good. They have an all you can eat dinner there that is VERY much worth the quality of sushi that you get. in addition the atmosphere is pretty light and fun and there is the cutest older woman who works there who provides excellent service. it's pretty damn yummy. I'm a fan :).
5	Wow. This is one of my favorite restaurants. I live in Southern California but this is one of our must-eat places when we come to visit family in the Henderson/ Las Vegas area.  The best thing about this place is the choice of sushi/rolls you get.  You have a huge menu to choose from (desserts are included on the menu).  A very nice selection and high-quality.  Also, the staff is totally cool and are always ready to take additional orders.  Outstanding.
5	This was my first sushi place. I've been spoiled. I just havent been anywhere as good.All You Can Eat is like $27 for dinner and $24 for lunch. Everything on the menu (I believe). I prefer to finish off with about 15 pieces of strawberry mochi. Can't do it much anymore because I engorge myself on everything. Red Snapper = Delish.Octopus and Cucumber Salad, red snapper, miso soup, garden salad, and Jaelon rolls are the best thigns on the menuThis place almost always has a 45 to 75 minute wait after five on most nights. Sometimes lunch has a wait.
4	Hands down my favorite sushi place.  I've been going here for years!Definitely order the all you can eat and don't forget that it includes ALL food items on the menu (apps, dessert, etc).  The fact that I can order a lychee sherbet, plum sherbet, AND red bean ice cream for dessert makes it so worth it. :)  Also make sure to check out the daily specials that are posted on the walls.
5	First time at this restaurant, and loved it! Under $30 for all you can eat sushi, appetizers and dessert. I was a big fan of the half orders so I wouldn't waste any of the food. Although I loved a majority of what I ordered I wouldn't get the spicy tuna.
4	It's 10:30pm on a Tuesday night, and it hits me that I'm hungry... Really hungry!  I remembered driving by this place, and it looking fairly crowded before.  I yelped it, and it looked try worthy.This place is not bad at all.  You can't beat the price for all you can eat sushi in Vegas.  I was seated at the bar and was given a brief explanation of how the all you can eat works.  The waitress suggested that I order small because whatever I don't eat, I will have to pay for in addition to the all you can eat price.  Also, you have to eat the rice and the fish (sounds obvious, but I do know of people who would hide the rice and just eat the fish).  Also, you can order half rolls (4 pieces instead of 8), so you can eat more of a variety.  There is also a 1 hour time limit... so no pulling Man v. Food all day here.  I ordered and ordered because I was determined to get my money's worth.  I had the sweet shrimp (only 1 order per person), snow crab hand rolls, crab sticks, garlic tuna (my least favorite), halibut, some kind of variation on the a shrimp roll with avocado, more snow crab, the hottest 911 roll I have ever had (I couldn't feel my tongue-- it was awesome), and more halibut.  I was stuffed, but determined to finish my last hand roll when I was asked by Jun (one of the sushi chefs) if I wanted anything else.  I told him I was tapping out.  I had fought the good fight... then he offers dessert.  I'm not one to turn down sugar, but I don't think I could have looked at more food much less ate it.  My bill was about $30 with my plum wine.  The only reason I couldn't give this place 5 starts is because I've had fresher fish elsewhere at an all you can eat.  Of course, this was in Cali.
4	You can't beat quality AYCE sushi for $27!Come hungry. While Sushi Mon is a tiny little place, it's always busy. Their fish is good quality and they're very accomodating if you have a special order. Their service is attentive and their chefs at the bar are helpful. I'm not the kind of person that like to talk to chit-chat with the chefs much because I don't enjoy the in-your-face type of dining, but they are clearly BUSY.I love that the appetizers are included in the AYCE price and my favorite are the baked mussels..very rich though. They have a more extensive menu (than the one at the Sahara location) with a great variety of rolls as well as nigiri so they have something for everyone.
4	1.) Choice for Late Night Sushi/Sashimi!!2.) Okay so BF got mad at me for giving sushi mon a 4 stars..so we compromised 4.5 stars~ The Order ~Sashimi Dinner - $13.95 for 12 pieces w/ soup & salad* usually get this as I love sashimi* good thick fresh yummy cuts; they don't skimp* if you're lucky you get a 2 extra spindles of crab =)All in all - BF & I always go here cuz he can get half rolls & I get my fill of sashimiP.S. BF would like to point out that they are really big rolls.. and for the price..and open so late ...P.P.S BF however will not sit at the sushi bar cuz he felt like the chefs weren't really nice to him bcuz he ordered the more conservative/americanized /cooked rolls vs. the out there rolls
5	Come here and eat, you will not be disappointed.  I was referred by my brother in law and I am so glad I took his advice.  This place is not too far from the strip but well worth the battle of Vegas traffic.  My wife and I went on Friday night and the place was pretty packed.  We got lucky and was seated at the sushi bar right away.  For an AYCE sushi place the seafood was fantastic.  They had some killer specialty items that night too and the quality was top notch.  Fredo was our Chef and was as friendly as they come.  He suggested many different nigri pieces and to do half rolls so we could try more.  We had the creamy Super White Tuna, Amberjack, fresh scallops, Anago, Unagi, Sake, Hamachi, a half dozens rolls and appetizers, and I finished with the pixie hand roll.  Everything was so good Seams like a local's spot cause Fredo knew everyone.   This is a definite must everytime I go to Vegas.
2	my friend absolutely love this place, so i thought i would try it out. I've been to the one on the sahara already, so I kind of expected the same, but it was worse.  I was with a group of people so i was waiting about 50 min to be seated, and i'm not complaining about that. Everybody in my table got all you can it, and i didn't. so for those who look for a lot of rolls and appetizer it might be a good deal for about $30 per person.  They weren't picky about having everyone to get all you can it and such so that was cool, but i didn't find our waitress very friendly, and how they just sort of threw the plates on the table over my head to set the food down. I mean its not a big deal but i really wasn't feeling very comfortable to even take bites from my food.  I got Chirashi, its sort of like terriyaki bowl, but instead of chicken i get variety of fish, cut in sashimi style.  it was $13 if i remember correctly and i got a soup and a salad with it.  the quality of the fish wasn't very impressive at all, some of the fish actually seemed very dry in my mouth.  They also threw some pickled mushrooms, and radishes, and a LOT of ginger and wasabi to cover the rice.  It was nicely decorated plate, but i really  didn't like how my fishes weren't fresh.  I also looked over at my friends food, they were huge rolls in many defferent colors, mostly deepfried and cream cheese.  I can see why it could be a cool spot since you can order half of things and try all defferent things, but it just didn't do it for me.  I didn't find my friends plates very appetizing, although it might of tasted good, a lot of the rolls were very similar to one another. I guess next time i should try the all you can eat if i get dragged into that place again.  I've had better experience at different all you can it place in california, but from what i hear its the best all you can eat in las vegas, and i think thats very questionable. although the one on sahara was 3 stars.
3	This restaurant is ok. Not a bad restaurant, my complaint is that it's not the type of Japanese restaurant i'm accustomed too. This restaurant usually attracts younger crowds. I much prefer the more traditional style Japanese restaurants. Only order sushi here. All you can eat sushi, if you're familiar with the sushi they offer. Some of the items on the menu i'm unfamiliar with, so I havent tried the All you can eat portion of the menu yet. So far in my previous two visits, I haven't found an item that I liked.
2	this all you can eat sushi place was whatever...not a place i would go back to. the rolls were weird tasting and one of the waitresses looked like she was giving us attitude because we were slowly trying to finish the not so great tasting rolls they prepared for us. i think it is over priced for the quality of food we get. the only good think about the place is the all you can eat desserts of ice cream and mochi..but i wouldn't even go back for that.
5	If you ever get sick of the buffet breakfast/lunch/dinners and don't want to spend the big dollars on the fancy restaurants then you gotta come out here. If you ever go to Vegas and crave sushi, this is the place you need to be. You can't imagine how fresh the sushi is in the desert. Referred by my friend Kenny C, he was right on about this place. Sushi Mon is what it's hyped up to be. The 27 dollar all you can eat sushi simply put..............is phenomenal. There are some rules and limitations on your sushi intake. You have to eat all of the rice, there is a time limit of 45 minutes, and you will get penalize if you waste food. Fair enough!!! Each person is allowed to order one order of uni(comes in a pair nigiri style), one order of amaebi(comes in a pair, nigiri, and one order of the hamachi kama(half a cheek). These 3 orders by itself is well worth the 27 dollars. All three orders were excellent. You figure it would be lower quality uni, shrimp, and filled with a big glob of rice right??? No, it wasn't. There was very little rice and the uni and shrimp were extremely fresh. The hamachi kama was cooked perfectly, had that nice char from the grill that gives it that smoky flavor and it was seasoned well. The rest of the sushi were good as well. The halibut, tuna, salmon.........were all fantastic. I tried to get away with some of the rolls because I didn't want to get filled up from the rice. Believe it or not, they were also fantastic. I have absolutely no complaints about this place and will be sure to come back the next time I am in Vegas. Bookmark this place!!! This is definitely a must try.
5	I love this place! Its best to come at lunch time to avoid the crazy dinner wait. Some times the wait for dinner can be as long as 2 hours but they are open untill 2am!!!Sushi is great and the rolls are awesome. My two favorites are OID and Yebisu.  This is always one of my first stops when I arrive in Las Vegas.
3	Until last night, this was #2 in my top 3 Sushi. I did discover an amazing place so Sushi Mon drops  into #3. However, they do have an outstanding assortment of special rolls and a very friendly staff. The prices are pretty darn good for a sushi place and you don't really have major quality issues because of it. I would highly suggest this place to friends and family over and over again. It is nicely located and easy to access.
3	Finally tried Sushi Mon recently and it was pretty good. Busy busy, but we got seated right away, lucky I guess. Lots of young people for the most part and some hoochie mamas came in wearing those tight slinky dresses, no other comment other than "what the hec?". We both had the All you can eat and for some reason the waitress kept asking if we would like 1/2 orders, not sure what that was all about, but we declined and got full rolls. Overall pretty good, but I was kind of suspicious when it took just a few minutes for our rolls to arrive. I know there is a whole lot of Sushi guys behind the counter, but how could several rolls with different ingredients come out in a matter of minutes? Pre-made? Say it ain't so! I can't confirm this, but it was kind of odd in all my years of eating Sushi. Some rolls were kind of oversized and you couldn't eat it in a single bite. We had a Spider roll that was softshelll crab on the ends, but the middles seemed to be unrecognizable and oversized. I really like UNI but seems it isn't a popular item and many places are usually out of it. Sushi Mon had it, but the flavor was just a bit off, maybe out of season? I don't know but other Sushi Bars never get UNI as good as it should be. Overall good value for the price. Didn't really have a roll that stood out above the rest and my next visit will be just random ordering since none of the rolls were truly memorable, but still a good effort and we'll be back again for sure.
5	This is a must-hit if you love sushi and you happen to be in Vegas.  Recently the hubby and I took a trip to Vegas and it was all about eating!  After reading all the great reviews on Yelp, we were excited to try Sushi Mon and it did not disappoint!  We didn't even check in to our hotel, but went directly to Sushi Mon for dinner.  Nothing that says "Welcom to Las Vegas" better than a good AYCE sushi buffet, you know.They had a wide variety of cooked and uncooked rolls.  We ordered mostly nigiri rolls and they were fresh and tasty!  You definitely need to ask the chef what their daily fresh fish specials were because they were awesome!  Although there is an hour limit, we went over an hour and they did not make any comments.  Maybe it's because we went on a Thursday night and it wasn't that busy?  I also liked how the dessert is included in the AYCE.  It seems like a better deal to eat dinner there because they give you an hour limit, whereas it's a 45 minute limit and a couple of bucks cheaper for lunch.We will be back!
4	All-You-Can-Eat & High Quality Sushi are normally two things that I wouldn't associate together. Until now. Their full menu is available for the AYCE price, and it's a very wide menu. The rolls and cuts are made to order and the fish was very fresh. I love that you can order half-rolls so you can try lots of different ones. I had my doubts as to how good this place would be after my friends had talked it up so much, but I was not disappointed. I must've tried at least 9 different types of rolls, a couple of handrolls, tuna poki and we finished off with a refreshing lychee sorbet that cleaned the palate wonderfully. Service was definitely on top of it and the sushi chefs behind the counter seemed very enthusiastic and were having fun being there. The place isn't very big, so even full, all of our food came out very quickly and our table waiter came back frequently to find out our next orders. It took some effort to control myself from ordering everything on the menu, but I believe my heart appreciated it. I think a return to Sushimon will be a must for my next trip to Vegas.
5	The holy grail of AYCE IMO. This is the place I compare to all other AYCE. Fish is fresh and flavorful. Plenty of different nagiri, cut rolls, and hand rolls to pick from. Whatever sushi you are craving, I'm sure they will have it or something close to it. Lots of side dishes and deserts are also part of the AYCE menu! Whenever someone says, "I found a good AYCE Sushi place." I respond with, "Is it as good as Sushi-Mon." The answers vary from "No" to "Close" but never "It's better than Sushi-Mon".
5	Such good food! And really good service! The all you can eat is probably one of the tops in town! The service is really good and their desserts are bomb. It's a pretty long wait for a table on the weekends around "the dinner rush" though, so just call ahead in case. I could LIVE on their baked mussels.
4	Came here again this past weekend at around 9PM.We had two groups of 6 people.Wait was about 40 minutes long -__-Service wasn't great but the sushi is amazing!Dinner all you can eat is about $25. They have so many things to choose from. I wanted to order the chief's special I heard so much about, but the server said they ran out =(All the sushi is fresh and delicious! They have so many rolls to choose from and they were all so yummy. But I liked my salmon, albacore, and scallop the most! So yummy =) And lychee sorbet is the best!! I love this place! My boyfriend has been to sage sushi and a few other AYCE sushi places and he really liked Sushi Mon =)
3	Sushi Mon on Silverado  by far has one of the best AYCE places in the city. The fish is always fresh, the rolls are awesome and the hot sides are just as good.  The price is decent also. They have a vast selection of sushi rolls to choose from.  The wait times are often at minimum 20 minutes but so worth the wait.   Customer service they could be better but we experienced worst.
4	Fresh, delicious, authentic, ayce.  When the food comes out at a cool temperature, not cold or thawed, and it's great, that's a good sign.Great service.  Sit at the sushi bar & buy your chef a beer (that's the proper way).
5	i like this place and love the taste of the sushi. great quality for being no where near the ocean.  only sucky part is being the person who has to eat the leftovers because some girls have hungry eyes...
5	The best sushi in town! Cajun albacore, super white, green mussels, calico, crispy rice, sexy girl. The best all u can eat in town! And if you are looking for some late night sushi this is the place. You need to be seated by 1am to get all you can eat and last call is at 1:30am! I love the guys that work there! They all know me by name and are very gracious and know exactly what i order!
4	My favorite all-you-can-eat sushi spot.  Extensive appetizer menu including baked mussels and himachi kama. Yummmm! If you like heat, try their 911 roll. Absolutely delicious!I give it a 4, not because of the food (food is definitely 5 stars), but the service is hit or miss. I would suggest sitting at the bar. The chefs are always great. The waiters...not so much. Quick tip: expect a 20-30 minute wait if you go around lunch time or in between 5 and 7.
4	I love this place. This is a must-go restaurant in Vegas. They open till 2 am everyday so if you are hungry after all-night's partying and feeling like some Japanese food, go to Sushi Mon. It is an all-you-can-eat sushi bar that also serves other Japanese delights, such as tempura shrimp, teriyaki, gyoza, noodle, and tempura ice cream. What? You don't know what tempura ice cream is? shame. It's deep-fried ice cream Japanese style! Super yummy!Everything there is fresh and made to order. I prefer sitting at the counter because I can just tell the chef what I want and they will make them right away. If I feel like some hot food or soup, I can tell any waitress to bring them out and they have fast service too.
4	ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT-SUSHI (incl misc apps) all MADE TO ORDER.  Noice!Since I'm new to town, I've been meeting a whole mess of locals, and they all converge here on Tuesdays, LATE night...like MIDNIGHT late.   (..and here i thought i relocated from the city that never sleeps [aka NYC] but apparently VEGAS seriously..no SERIOUSLY..never E.V.E.R. sleeps..)  ...and evidently, neither does SUSHI MON! This joint closes at 2am! SuhWEEEET!It's all you can eat GRANTED you finish YO food.  So far, my fave is the Moon Roll - albacore, yellowtail, avocado, eel sauce and tempura flakes...I think...  And it's YUMMMM.. They also serve flavored Hana Sake, which is a plus for yours truly. I'll definitely be back because, as 4 stars says it: YAY. I AM A FAN :)
1	Based on the rave reviews, I decided to stop by for the "all-you-can-eat" dinner during this trip.  The quality of the fish is mediocre and nowhere near fresh. Yes, I know it's in the middle of a desert, but I expect some freshness when I'm eating raw. The yellow tail roll looked like clumps of fish paste. the sweet shrimp tasted like it had been sitting out on the docks for days before transport to Vegas. It was a hard dinner to digest. As far as the "all-you-can-eat" deal, I asked for 3 orders of sweet shrimp but was limited to only 2.  I consider this a false advertisement as it's not  "all-you-can-eat", but rather "what we are willing to serve you".I used to live here and there are other far better local  joints that serve decent fresh fish. Anyone who rated this place more than 1 star must be on crack or smokin' something  really good. Either way, I'd rather be doing that than gambling on my food.
5	iono about you TODAI, but this place has the best AYCE sushi the first time i came here when i was in vegas, i was too hungover so i didnt have room in my stomach for AYCE so i just ordered 2 rolls special of my choice out of their selection and it was last then $10. i dont remember what i got but i all i know is that the rolls i got were fresh and comfortingso..for the REAL review..came back to this place last weekend..yes another trip to VEGAS! i feel like its my 2nd home alreadyyyi was ready for the $25 AYCE sushi..started off with salmon collar and tuna poki salad! amazing!! u HAVE to get the salmon collar..i also tried the mussels, gyoza, and the seaweed salad, all awesome!then i had sunrise roll, baked 428 (chicken teryaki inside a sushi?!)  flying jason roll, baked dynamite roll, tried the quail egg shot, halibut nigiri, salmon nigiri, and the Jala Jala roll...im sure theres more but when i remember, ill updatefor dessert, green tea and strawberry mochi ice cream, lychee sorbet (YUM) and then to finish it off, tempura ice creamm!!!you can have it all, just for $25...and this place opens til 2 AM WAHH
2	Stopped in mostly because it was near where I was staying for work. Couldn't get in the door on first try, went back a few days later and sat at the bar. Since it was so crowded we expected it to be pretty good, sadly not so much. The sushi chef talked us into the all u can eat deal, cheap enough at $27 a head. I'm am typically a sashimi guy and not a big fan of paying  for mostly rice nigiri, but what the hey nigiri it was. started with some of my favorites uni and ama-ebi naturally they are on the limited to one order list, but thats cool. The Uni was to say the least not at its peak freshness, in fact most normal sushi bars that i frequent would not have served it. Moved on to the hamachi and tuna, edible but not very fresh. Tried the 911 roll it was ok but not nearly as spicy as I would have liked. My associate ordered a spider roll, which the menu claimed was fresh softshell crab (as you would expect) it came out with 2 small crab legs hanging out of each end and a lot of "Krab" in the middle, when asked the sushi chef admitted that fake krab was used we pointed out the menu was wrong and sent the roll back, which seemed to offend the chef. If they write fresh crab on the menu and give you Krab, they need to expect that!All in all it was a very mediocre or worse sushi experience, but it was cheap! The only reason that I gave 2 stars instead of 1 was the Hamachi Kama which was very good, but sadly also on the limited to one list. I'll not be coming back, good luck to the folks that give it five stars.
4	My wife and I love sushi.  We have been to several Sushi restaurants and sushi buffets in Las Vegas and Henderson.  Personally, I think Sushi Mon is the best - however, it is one of the most expensive.  The only knock on them is:a.  $27 price tag per head - ouch -- pretty pricey.  Most sushi buffets run around 20-24 bucks.  If you look around, you can get some under 20 too...  If they lower their weekly prices, they probably get more customers. b.  1 hour time limit on dinner -- early in the meal, rather than enjoying the meal, I found myself "clock" watching.  But, actually, this was not bad, after 45 minutes, I was ready to be rolled out in a wheel barrow.  I was stuffed and felt like I was going to give birth. Being a guy, this probably would be my 15 minutes of fame on CNN.c.  You may have to wait 20-40 minutes.  By the way, problem with waiting is that there is NO waiting area.  The street is it.  We have been here 3 times already.  Unfortunately, they do not take reservations.. Be ready to wait in line.  The first time we were here, we had to wait 45 minutes (ended up shopping at Smith's grocery store to past the time).  Secondly, I would recommend asking to be seated at the BAR.  When they seat you at the table, they give you this menu and you have to hail down a waiter.  I rather sit at the bar and watched the "sushi guys" make the sushi.  Also, you get quicker service instead of waving down a waiter.  You can ask the sushi guy directly to make you the roll.  As for the sushi, it was fresh!  We love the cooked eel, salmon, and yellowtail.  yum... definitely, we will be back!
5	Hmmm, what can I write about Sushi-mon other than.... I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Indulge in the all-you-can-eat sushi experience, tantalize your taste buds with an array of fresh menu items, take a risk and try something you've never tasted before, partake in a scrumptious dessert like tempura ice cream, and casually sip on some hot green tea. The service and food speaks for itself. And once you have been there a few (ok, dozens) of times like me :) the sushi chefs will work on your rolls as soon as you walk thru the front door. ~Tanoshimu (enjoy!)
5	Sushi Mon has the best sushi ever! ALL YOU CAN EAT!!  Literally, all you do is sit there and they serve you! You get to order however much food you want and you can just sit in your chair and get fat!The food is so good! You must order the FRIED SHRIMP HEAD and Ahi Poke!! I love this place!
3	Coworkers called to check up on me and my jacked up back (I am okay now, just sored from packing and moving and not exercising enough of late) plus to go eat at Sushi Mon (not the one on Sahara and also the closer one) and I went to meet up with them. I didn't know it was that far until I called another coworker for directions, and realized it was "Holy Cow! I am practically starting to drive back to California" far.  Last time I came here to eat, I just blindly followed Maryland Parkway all the way down until I reached the destination.We arrived at 11:45am, when they opened and they already have 1/3 of the restaurant filled on a Wednesday.  Coworkers have raved about this place for a good 9 months we been working together and the food they served I have enjoyed.  And this time it was pretty good, except for the first order of sushi roll we were served (the rice tasted like it was old from last night).  But after that the rice seemed fresh like the fresh super white tuna they served us.Tip:  Always check the specials of the day or ask the sushi chefs.Today's Special:Super White Tuna - so good we ordered a second round, and highly recommended. Cajun Salmon - it was alrightJapanese Snapper- alrightFresh Scallop - pretty good (I don't care for the yum yum scallops the Japanese sushi places serve here in general)Yellowtail Belly - don't have it :(We also ordered the limit 1 per customer items:Uni - goodAmaebi - good (but no deep fried heads)Hamachi Kama(Yellowtail collar) - good. Makes an excellent meal with just rice.Tried the poki roll (didn't look like what we ordered last time) and the rice was not fresh. It tasted like it was from the previous night.Spider Roll - huge and tasted great, but served with rice paper.  Rice paper usually costs $1 more, but I still like it made with the traditional nori.Pixie Roll - Another huge roll, and tasted good.Volcano Roll - Pretty good, but can be messy to eat.  But sometimes messy is a good thing when it comes to food :)Also order:Masago with Quail Eggs - it was beautiful and I enjoyed itTamago - The eggs are most likely ordered premade, and they just to cut it and assemble it with the rice and nori strip, but I liked it nonetheless.Fresh Water Eel - not badDesserts - we each picked different ones. I had the green tea ice cream, coworkers ordered the Lychee Sorbet (looks good), and Tempura Ice Cream (good).BUT after we asked for and signed for our credit cards and the waitress came and picked stuff off of our table, I suddenly see a confused cockroach stumbling from where the soy sauce bottles and AYCE menu is.  I was in shocked and not sure where it came from, except maybe when the waitress came she might have set something down on the table, and grabbed our dessert bowls and left the unwanted hitchhiker.  Or it drop from the sky via the ventilation vent, which does NOT have a filter in place.  We waved the waitress over and she was shocked and afraid of the roach as well, but hesitantly picked up a used napkin in from the table and dropped it on top of the cockroach and picked it up off the table.  It was not the happy ending to our otherwise enjoyable meal, so -1 for that.So 3 stars.  Good place to get sushi for those living in the South South East of Las Vegas. And they have Caked next door, which have good cupcakes, and they are on TV! (But I digressed)
5	All you can eat fresh, delicious sushi for $27 in the hot desert in Las Vegas?  Is this a mirage?  Am I hallucinating?  Nope...it's real.  Sushimon is a must go for me everytime I am in Vegas, EVERYTIME.  Each time that I eat here, I can't believe that i'm actually eating fresh raw fish that doesn't make me hit the can later.  The sushi rice here is perfect...comes out a little warm with the right amount of vinegar taste that sushi rice should have.  I like that the fish to rice ratio is proportioned right.  Some AYCE's have too much rice, in hopes to fill you up.  Not here.  I love that the AYCE menu is double sided with nigiri, appetizers, dessert and for all you sushi lovers who think you like "sushi" (cooked, battered, fried, saucey rolls) they have a whole side dedicated to you.  They also have specials of the day. Toro, fresh scallop, super white tuna, even mirugai have appeared before so remember to ask your server before you miss out.  The servers are hot and cold...sometimes they are super nice and sometimes they seem like they really hate their job.  It depends on how busy they are i think.  There are a few items that are limited to one order per person...the uni, amaebi and hamachi kama.  This is understandable considering it's more on the expensive side.  If you love these items, go with someone who doesn't that way you can have their share too!   Save room for dessert because they have tempura ice cream and it is delicious!  Just a hint of tempura batter so it doesn't over power the ice cream...i wonder how do you fry ice cream?  If you are a sushi lover and want a great all you can eat experience, you have to come here.  I wish and wish that they would open one up in SF and HI so I don't have to fly to Vegas just to enjoy good quality AYCE sushi.  TIP:  No reservations and the line can get long so come early or just place your name on the list...they call your phone when your table is ready!
4	I'm so happy that Sushi Mon is as good as I remember it from two years ago. You know how something is always better in your memory. It's $25 for all you can eat, made to order sushi. We had that for lunch and although she told us that she would probably have to hold us to the 45 minute rule (they have you cut you off after 45 minutes), we didn't feel pressured at all the entire time we were there and we were definitely still eating after 45 minutes. We probably got by with an hour and then just hung out and talked after that. Everything was good, and what I like about this place is that you can order almost everything off the menu, they don't limit you to a certain section or items because of AYCE. You can get rolls at half the size, so you can try things you normally wouldn't order. They have a variety of different rolls, with surprisingly good combination of ingredients. The quality of fish is good, not great, but definitely slightly above average for the price. We had all the different nigiri sushi, including the cajun albacore which I really liked. Had a little bit of kick with the ponzu flavor. The No Name rolls was pretty good, and I think we had the Athena as well. I say, just go for it, and if you don't want a roll, sometimes they can just do a handroll for you with the same ingredients. We also had a couple of yellowtail collars, edamame, a cucumber salad, and to top it off, we had lychee sorbet (super yummy with lychee jelly mixed in), and tempura ice cream which was made with vanilla ice cream. It was coated in what looked to be pound cake and then deep fried. Or attempted to be deep fried. Either way, I would not get it again. Service was great, and they carefully explained everything and happily took our order. They never made us feel like we could only order the cheaper items because of the AYCE, and service was great throughout. I hope to come back on a future trip to Vegas.
4	Mm. Sushi Mon! All you can eat, about $27 if I can recall correctly. This all you can eat includes the entire menu appetizers, all rolls, and desserts. So prepare to gorge.  They are open till 2am like a lot of sushi joints in town, but AYCE ends at 1am... They have a bunch of rolls here... "regular," specialty, baked, and tempura. Also a pretty good selection of sashimi. Yummm. And you can't ever leave Sushi Mon... no matter how much food you've stuffed yourself without Mochi and/or green tea ice cream!What makes this place different is that the chefs remember you! It is always nice to be remembered and greeted by a restaurant that serves so many people.
5	Here's the place where I first fell in love with Uni. They limit 2 plates of Uni per person, I think, but the quality of their seafood is really fresh. They have all you can eat sushi, but the awesome part is, it is NOT BUFFET style. They make it upon order, so the rolls always come out hot and fresh. The tempura is actually still crispy when they serve it! It's quite a drive from the Strip and at night, I don't even know if you can get a cab to go down there to pick you up and bring you back to the Strip.
3	Yay for $13 pitchers of Sapporo! The place was mobbed when we arrived and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. The fish we had was fresh, though the cuts weren't as nice as what we get at Bluefin.  I also liked that they had various daily specials, so that you could get a small sampling of other higher-ticket  items. We were lucky and the specials were for super white tuna, fresh scallops and white clam. We tried the tuna and scallops and they were both tasty. I loved the scallops, they were big fresh pieces and very supple. The amaebi was a bigger portion and pretty nice. Sweet, juicy with that distinct raw-shrimp mouth-feel. Yum!  The home smoked salmon was interesting! It had bits of dill flecked on it and was smooth, subtly cooked and with a mild creamy flavor. Not as strong a flavor as in commercial smoked salmon, which could be a positive or negative depending on your preference. I liked it but wouldn't buy a large package of it. I had masago with quail egg. The masago was was briny and sweet with nice pop and a generous portion. The egg seemed a little less fresh. The overall effect was still pleasant.  The uni was NOT as fresh as what I've had at other restaurants. There were odd discoloration marks on it, which I haven't seen anywhere else.We got a half order of the volcano roll on a friend's recommendation and neither of us liked it. It had a lot of krab in it, which is a turn off.An order of gyoza meant 2 little bitty pieces. The boy had those and found them unremarkable. He also had the yakitori, which came in a super heavy sauce. Not something he'd go out of his way to have again, and though the portion was small he tried to enlist my assistance in demolishing it.  I also had the miso soup with fried amaebi heads. The batter got soggy because the heads were totally submerged in the scalding-hot broth, which was disappointing. Also, the fact that the broth was a few degrees shy of boiling- miso is NOT meant to be boiled because it ruins the integrity and health benefits of the miso. The soup utilized white miso and was still flavorful once it cooled down enough to be edible without the risk of 3rd degree burns. The ahi poke salad was very mild in flavor impact. I liked the combination of seaweeds/seaplants in it but otherwise it was forgettable. The lychee sorbet was a refreshing option. I liked the little bits of what seemed like candied/dry lychee that I'd occasionally discover.Overall, it was fun and we enjoyed our beer but we won't venture out of our way when we've had better luck with sushi spots closer to home.
5	If you have never been here, then make sure you save your stomach for ALL-U-CAN-EAT SUSHI & Japanese Food!! YUMMMMMM!!!! definitely worth the 5 stars for fresh sushi and great tasting japanese food! The slightly bad part is NO RESERVATIONS, but you can get away with it if you come like an hour or two earlier than your "reservation" time, tell the hostess how many people are going to come, then it should cut on the wait time..never come last minute with a large group, thats just silly -- of course a great restaurant is going to be busy. and sadly sushi-mon is not a very large restaurant, so theres limited dining space. Okay, onto the food -- definitely get ahi poki, steamed gyoza, sushi rolls (it depends on your style, but avg people - if you want to try more rolls, ONLY ORDER HALF ROLLS instead of FULL ROLLS because you are required to eat everything you have...save your stomach and be smart). 9-1-1 roll was not very good, I warned you - but now you probably want to try it for yourself...lastly, save room for dessert, because i love green tea icecream and strawberry mochi! :)
1	Just ate here and the younger of the 3 chefs was very rude and arrogant...talking down to everyone...it was our first time there and I will never go back...food wise it was okay...we had the all you can eat dinner and it was no match for hiker restaurant down the road...we spent over $150.00 on decent Japanese food being served by a Japanese prick...btw I am Japanese myself and I was shocked by how we were treated...shame...
4	My favorite location for Sushi Mon. MMmmmm.I miss this place.I live in the bay area now but I still crave this place from time to time. The sushi is pretty average, honestly, and I've had fresher and more generous cuts in other places, but this place has an atmosphere that I miss. That neighborhood spot-type of atmosphere. Also, I've always found this place to be most consistent with taste/quality in their All-You-Can-Eat menu for both sushi and apps. It's also nice that when you do All-you-can-eat, your nigiri rice isn't packed in so big/tight that it's basically a rice cake under a thin layer of fish. Aaaaannnnddd you can eat here till like 1 or 2 am. OH, I miss Vegas & I miss Sushi Mon.
4	One of my friends took me here for lunch when I was visiting Las Vegas last month.  Great sushi restaurant for lunch.  Its a bit small but, they still got quite busy.They have a grea all you can eat sushi special for lunch.  Check them out...
4	Anytime you put "all you can eat" and "sushi" in the same sentence, you never know what you're going to get. But this place is superb. The quality of the fish is great, variety is awesome, and pricing for about $26.95 for adults (one hour time limit) at dinner time (a little less for lunch) is well worth it if you're hungry. They have all the usual nigiri favorites and an extensive list of sushi rolls. What blew my mind was the Ikura and Quail Egg...oh baby...my brother-in-law introduced me to this and now it's one of my favorite bites to eat. Needless to say, we had way too many on our last visit.You can also order regular Japanese dishes like shrimp/vegetable tempura, hamachi kama, miso soup, and the like...which we did. But it really was the sushi that I enjoyed the most.The only slightly disappointing thing we encountered was there's really no kids menu available. Kids 2-years-old and under do eat free, but if you're kids are older than that (like my son) then expect to pay ala carte prices to get that kid fed or splurge on another all-you-can-eat.Other than that, we had a great time and would definitely return again if we are hungry for good quality sushi off the strip.
5	By far the best sushi in the US we have had so far!Every time we come to Vegas we rent a car and make the trip to Sushi Mon.  We get the All-U-Can-Eat and we take full advantage of it.  Everything we had was delicious, fresh, and wonderful!I wish I could be more specific but we had so much that we can't remember it all.  Be sure to get there early in the day to make a reservation, the AYCE availability fills up fast at night.The sushi chefs are very nice and the wait staff is great too!  Be sure to order half orders (4 pieces) so you can try a lot of different rolls.Remember people, you have to eat the rice too!  Don't get all you can eat and pick the fish off!  And don't complain when they tell you that you have to eat the rice.  If you don't like it then just order sashimi a la carte.
3	Maybe I'm asking for too much, but I still believe that there has to be AYCE sushi that doesn't sacrifice quality for quantity. I think I am now one step closer, after enjoying an extremely filling meal at Sushi Mon. The highlights were the nigiri: Super White Tuna, Albacore, Cajun tuna and albacore, and even the regular salmon all stood out. Avoid the Pixie Roll, it sounds great but was too sweet for me, just like a lot of their rolls actually. Everywhere you look on the Special Rolls menu you read yum yum sauce and eel sauce, not so creative but I get it. I prefer to taste different sauces or none at all over sickly sweet on everything. The sunshine roll was good, and we also had one with chopped spicy salmon in the middle that was delicious. There were a few more ordered but nothing too memorable.The freshness of the fish is good, almost as good as at a sit down non AYCE sushi place but not quite. In my opinion Sushi Mon  can be compared to Yama Sushi, except Sushi Mon's fish is a little higher quality. For dessert there is ice cream-mochi and green tea along with a lychee sherbet or tempura ice cream even.If you are looking for a stellar sushi experience I would say look elsewhere, but if you just want to stuff your face with some good quality nigiri, sushi, or rolls All You Can Eat style, Sushi Mon is worth a visit.
5	Best Sushi I ever had.  Been there every time when I was in Vegas.  Always fresh
5	AYCE sushi is like playing roulette. This one seems to be a winner. You can usually tell a bad sushi place when the list of rolls is 8 pages and comes in book form.. sushi (to me) is not crazy rolls with names like "Oriential Delight". Whenever you mix too many ingredients and then drown it in sauces you can't taste if the fish or rice is good or bad.Maybe I am a purist but sushi should be good rice and good fish. this place has a full list of nigiri-zushi and sashimi and it is all really good.
2	This was one of the worst sushi buffets I've had by any standard. We went on a late Friday night, and here are the problems:- already slightly pricey, and all the limited quantity items (uni, clams, etc.) were out- can't get the orders right and kept bringing us random stuff- that seafood salad thing is huge - looks impressive, taste is okay, but it's just a bunch of leftover fish chopped and drenched in soy sauce...not too impressed.- bad/not very nice service but speed was okay- can't really taste the fish...which makes eating sushi pointless.- nigiri had tons of riceOkay, there are a few good things:- the special rolls on the menu are pretty nice, definitely try the wet dream and what some of the other yelpers have mentioned- plus points for some of the good looking waitressesAll in all, I won't be heading back to this place anytime soon. There's gotta be better sushi buffet in Vegas than this one.
4	cant believe i havent written a review for this place yet! been here a few times before, a few AYCE and a few a la carte. all experiences were great!!! service is great! normally we go with really big groups (12+ people) and everything turns out just fine.last night, my boyfriend and i went after i got off work. we got there probably aorund 11:30 or so. last call is @ 1:30 so we had plenty of time to do AYCE.we get there, and sit at a table. the bar was actually packed. we order a few things, and food comes out fairly quickly. service was great as usual, and food was great. but...there was one thing that completely ruined our dining experience. not just me and my boyfriend, but everyone in the restaurant!there was a party of 5 at the bar, and they were being completely inappropriate and loud as hell!!! everyone in the restaurant felt super uncomfortable and felt their behavior was inappropriate. every time they made some sort of outburst, everyone looked at each other in awe. theyre grown adults, who were drunk (they came in fairly intoxicated and had 2 more small sakes, so the sushi chef said after they left), and rude. after maybe 15 minutes or so, the manager asked one of the guys to ask the ladies to keep it down, and after the manager walked away, one of the ladies said "keep it down? what for? we're paying customers!!! not gonna happen!!! our bill is probably gonna be $150!!!! some people just dont know how to have fun!" and of course, insert a few curse words here and there. needless to say, they did not keep it down. i felt really bad though, it seemed to be 2 couples and one of the girl's dads, who looked really embarrassed to be eating with them.when they left, they paid the bill. i guess the dad picked up the tab and threw in a $50 tip on top of whatever else the other 4 left on the bar. and of course - one of them screams "you should thank him!!! he just tipped you $50!!! sorry for being loud and sorry you guys dont know how to have fun!" and they left. please dont take any of the above story as a negative post about the establishment. i guess i just needed to vent about this experience. management handled it as well as he could have, and it definitely didnt take away from the great food and service.
5	This is my #1 sushi place. The fish is always fresh, and the staff remember me every time. Reading some of the negative reviews on this place, I just have to comment.Too much rice and rolls are too big? Come on people! Its sushi, not sashimi. In Japan, the piece of fish you get is HALF the size they serve us in America. So of course your going to rice with your fish. If you dont like rice order the more expensive plate of sashimi instead. With that said, they have an extensive amount of rolls to choose from. The price might be a little high ($27 for dinner) but they also have stamp cards for All You Can Eat. Buy 10 and get the 11th free! So with good quality sushi comes price, but its well worth it. They are always busy so that has to mean something.
4	For the price i paid and the quality of the food it was a great deal. I had more then a buffet. I had a feast! Service was good and the food was decent for the price. I cant complain. The ice cream the sake the sushi the tempura. All very good in my opinion. Def. worth stoping in when im in Vegas. Lots of parking, casual atire and prettty much just bring your apetite with you to make it worth it!
3	The price has stayed the same, but the nigiri has way too much rice compared to before and the slices of sashimi is a bit smaller.  This is why I am dropping a star on the rating.  Other places like Yama and Oyshi has a better sashimi to rice ratio if you ask me.  They seem to not carry Toro anymore and I have not had the super white tuna there in awhile now.  They are definitely cutting back on the special sashimi with the down economy.
4	I really like this place. I did have one bad evening where I had a 30 minute wait that turned into over an hour because they forgot to tell us we were up. There is usually a wait when ever you go during peak times. It is super small and always crowded. The sushi is worth it though. The All You Can Eat is 26.99 I think, so it is on the higher end of the AYCE places.
4	All you can eat sushi, but the catch is that you can only order three dishes (per person) at a time, and finish before you are able to order another round.
4	One of my first all you can eat sushi joint I use to go to all the time. Now and days I go to other places. Wondering if their still good?
5	AYCE amazingness.I'm always looking for great sushi. This place is an institution in this town. It's a go-to sushi place when you want it done right and don't want to take any chances.It's not particularly close to my where I live, so I don't go as often as I used to, but my friend was in town recently and she requested this place and I could not for the life of me remember why I don't go more often. Yum.I do hate waiting for a table, but this place is worth it.I usually stick with the nigiri here. To get more bang for my buck. The fish is always fresh. Unagi, super white tuna, spicy tuna, snapper, salmon skin handroll, yellowtail collar and salmon. There are some good specialty rolls that I get as well. The JJ, 911, and a really refreshing one I love, but the name escapes me at the moment. Probably a good idea to order half rolls to save space.This place is a safe bet. You never know what you're getting with AYCE, but this place always makes me happy. A little more expensive than some, but definitely worth it.Make sure to get your card stamped to earn a free AYCE!
3	There are *way* cheaper all you can eat sushi deals in Vegas than here if you're looking to be on the conservative side with your hard earned money. I don't know about anyone else, but unless the sushi quality is top notch and the dining experience comes with the 360 degree service and quality, I absolutely refuse to pay $25-$28 for all you can eat when I know I can get it for at/under $23 elsewhere where I don't have to wait 20/30 minutes to be sat. While their sushi and plates are interesting, I honestly don't see anything overly special about this place. Small, always seems to be mobbed, and while the service is good, it is nothing overly outstanding like some of my friends raved to me about.The reason why I gave it three stars is because 1.) The prices are a little over the top for something you can get cheaper (and in a better setting) somewhere else, and 2.) This place is always busy, and the wait times are very much over-quoted and long.
4	Waited for about an hour because we had a large party, but the food (all-you-can-eat) came out really fast.  There was a lot to choose from on the menu and their desserts (especially the strawberry mochi) was so good. The downside really was just the wait and their suggestions of the new sushi rolls which did not taste good.
4	For an all you can eat, this place was unexpectedly good!! They give you a one-time order of amaebi (sweet shrimp). and the other sushi is really really good!! when I went, they had some special tuna and we ordered that like 6 times cuz it was so goodAnyways, thumbs up!
5	This place never disappoints :) always looking forward to this place when we fly in from Hawaii, and it's the guaranteed spot to go to on our list :) and the people remember us :)Every time we went there we had great service :) this last time we went was the first time they got out orders wrong lol, we ordered Hamachi nigiri, but instead the lady brought us Hamachi collar x) wasn't a bad thing, cause we decided to just eat it, and now we have another favorite on the menu to order haha :DEveryone should come here atleast once :) and you'll be coming back again and again for more ^_^Thanks again Sushi Mon!!! See you guys again next year! :)
5	If you like sushi rolls you will love Sushi Mon. This place has a huge selection of rolls that leave you spoiled for choice (make sure to choose at least one that has "yum-yum" sauce). The mochi ice cream is great too.
1	I am a long time Sushi Mon patron and I am pissed! Sushi Mon used to be high quality sushi at an all u can eat price. Now it is LOW quality sushi at a very high all u can eat price. I moved from Vegas a few years ago but come back to eat every time I am in town until now. The year 2010 I ate at Sushi Mon on four different occasions and the quality was worse every time. It seemed to be even worse during lunch time. Do your-self and your waistline as well a favor and go sit down in a relaxing environment elsewhere and get some great fish.
5	This is not the best sushi I've ever had.  However, it is the best AYCE sushi I've ever had.  And it's considerably better than some regular sit down sushi places I have been as well.  The fish is pretty fresh, they don't overdo it on the rice when you order nigiri sushi, the rolls are creative and very tasty and the coup de grace: they have natto!!!  I had four natto hand rolls on top of everything else I ordered when I ate there.Just a very well done AYCE sushi experience.  Kudos Sushi Mon!Cheers!
5	Nom nom nom. The best AYCE sushi place I have been to anywhere! (Now if only J-town has aYCE sushi) A bit of a drive from the Strip, but very very worth it. Our seat at the bar placed us right in front of our sushi chef, who made our orders fresh right when we ordered it. All the nigiri we ordered tasted great -- especially the seared ahi tuna and the super white tuna. The cut rolls were delicious, especially for an AYCE place. We also tackled the Sushi Monster Roll -- a roll cut into 5 pieces, which is the size of your palm. It takes a while to make so order that first over the nigiri rolls and other rolls so that you aren't waiting a while for it. However, one thing we didn't realize was that everything under the 5-piece roll section are just as big as the Sushi Monster Roll. We ordered the spider roll and that was super huge too! The AYCE menu also includes side orders, such as edamame and gyoza, as well as dessert. After all the sushi, I ended my meal with a bowl of creamy green tea ice cream (they also have tempura ice cream, but that would've been too much after all the food I ate). Great food, great price, great place! Sushi-mon is on my list of places to go every time I'm in Vegas.
5	My favorite Sushi restaurant. I know there is better and this place is not all fancy inside but I have never had bad Sushi here. The service is also awesome and the staff is great. The place is always packed, that should tel you something, but if you go early you can usually get in pretty fast. The appetizer menu has a ton of items and with the all you can eat you get appetizers and desert. Last time we went in they had taken the Mochi ice cream off the all you can eat but go ahead and splurge to get it, it is awesome!
5	I LOVED this place. I would rate it 4.5! We had a party of 11, so the wait was long (approx an hr!) and the place is small. The sushi tasted fresh, just the way I like it! Some of the rolls I didn't really like, but some were delicious! Great service as well! For an AYCE sushi place, I'm impressed!
5	Every time anyone asks about sushi or wants to know where to get good sushi, I always refer them to Sushimon. Now, don't get me wrong, this place is not perfect. However having tried more than a few spots in town, and seen the many gimmicks put up by other places, Sushimon remains my favorite sushi spot. All the negatives that people mention about this place are technically  true- This place is not close to the strip.- The wait time can be long(sometimes topping out at 1 hour +- The restaurant is smallish.However, if you're visiting Vegas, and really want good sushi, is it  that horrible to drive an extra 10 minutes to not have to deal with casino parking, not have to walk a mile and a half to get to the place, and not deal with the absurd prices you often find at restaurants on the strip?I've often found, that any restaurant, be it big or small that can produce a full house and wait, is doing something right.Sushimon doesn't offer you fine dining service. It's not going to blow you away with it's superior service.I don't know about you guys, but I really don't think that matters.If you're getting AYCE Sushi, you already have an idea of what kind of sushi you want, and what your preference is.All the server's I've seen at Sushimon are good at getting the food out, and keeping the drinks full.You could go to some dirty place in the middle of a bad neighborhood and get Sushi for $4-5 cheaper, sure.But Sushimon offers almost their entire menu on their AYCE and All-you-can-eat Dessert as well. I know a lot of places mark off menu items and only offer you one dessert.Things I LOVE from SushimonNigiri:- Hamachi (Yellowtail)- Salmon- Super White Tuna- UnagiOther offerings:- Hamachi Collar(most places don't offer this, and they sometimes run out, but if they have, order it!)- Salmon Collar-All the rolls(and 1/2 rolls for almost all of them if you want to try the roll without getting too full, again something most places don't offer)-Uni(Sea Urchin) (one per person)-Ama Ebi(sweet Shrimp) (also one per person)Dessert(AYCE)-Mochi Ice Cream (Strawberry/Vanilla)-Green Tea, Red Bean, and Lychee Ice Cream- Tempura Ice creamSure you could in theory find a cheaper place than this, in a more "glamorous" location, but if I'm gonna shell out $20+ for a meal, I don't mind paying a little bit more knowing that my meal is going to be good. Sushimon offers you a large menu to choose from, speedy service, and most importantly, consistency. I've been here at least a dozen times, and haven't once had a bad experience. In case anyone is wondering, they DON'T do call ahead seating, so you have to arrive in person to get your party on the list.
4	AYCE .. cant beat it..
5	Fantastic sushi and good service.All you can eat for a reasonable price is hard to beat.  We've been a couple times and have always had a great time.  Sitting at the bar we can talk with the chef to quickly get whatever we want.It is a smaller restaurant and can have a long wait so plan accordingly.
4	Good service and good sushi.I've been here twice, the 1st time just sitting on the table ordering from the menu. And the second time me and a few friends did the whole buffet thing which was only like 30 bucks for all you can eat! This was the best deal since I love uni, hamachi and just sushi in general! The workers where always on it, with getting things you needed (lemons) and filling you're water. The reason for the 4-star was because the wait is incredibly long! and I got yelled at for hiding and not eating all my rice....apparently they don't like to waste! =/
5	by far the best AYCE sushi i have tasted in vegas!!! it's not the best sushi place, but best AYCE for sure!!! there has never been  a time that we experience  bad sushi or the service. its great!!! plus, the price is reasonable. also, if you decide to become a fan. be sure to get a stamp card when you ask for  the check. if you get your card stamp in full, I believe your 10th AYCE is free. here is some of my favs you must try:Nigiri : scallops, salmon, garlic tuna, yellowtail, super white.sushi rolls : ALL OF THEM!!! YOU CAN EVEN ORDER HALF ROLLS!!! & yellowtail hand roll is one of my favs!!!
3	Based on the reviews here, hubby and I decided to pop by on a Sat night.  Although it was packed, we didn't have a wait because there was only two of us and we sat at the sushi bar.My thoughts:--the Maryland location is small-ish, so you're in close quarters with everyone.-- it had a bit of a fishy smell, more so than other sushi joints. I chalked it up to the close quarters of place.--they were flexible with the AYCE option. At first, we weren't sure whether we wanted to do AYCE. Sometimes it makes more sense, especially if you want to try lots of different rolls.  But you gotta be ready for AYCE, i.e., have some drawstring sweatpants on.As we debated, the chef advised us that he would tally the amount once we were done, and charge us whatever was less, whether that be itemizing the rolls or the AYCE price. Awesome!!!--one of the best things I loved is that they let you order half orders of most rolls. This is really great when there's only two people eating. My husband and I have different tastes, so it can be challenging to eat multiple rolls by myself. But we love trying lots of different rolls. Ordering half rolls was a great option for us.--that being said, I didn't l-o-v-e the rolls. Don't get me wrong -- it was good but I just didn't think it was *great.* Some of the rolls we had were kinda bland. Maybe it was just an off-night we went. I think I'm willing to give it a try again ;-)
4	The price is great and the fish is fresh. Their lunch specials can't be beat either. I love this place!
3	in my opinion, i think it's a good deal for all you can eat sushi for $27.but i think the location on sahara is better than this one.the fish didn't seem as fresh.read the fine print.  it states that there are special fish/sushi of the night. kobe beef was one them the night we went.the kobe beef sushi (i don't think it's real. maybe it's kobe beef style or american?) was really tough. it didn't melt in your mouth or anything.the spider roll is huge. i liked the lychee ice cream.they're open til 2am. last call at 1:30.
4	I live close by so I always drop in late night since their open till 2am.For the all you can eat sushi of $27...you can't go wrong.  I'm not a fan of their yellowtail sushi...one time it didn't taste fresh so now I stick to the rolls.  My fav by far is the Jay Jay roll...shrimp tempura, avocado, philly creamcheese, asparagus, wrapped in seaweed and rice...topped with eel sauce...melts in your mouth!!!!!  This roll is priced at $8.  You can't go wrong with all the other rolls either...and their reasonably priced, but if you can put down some sushi..go with the all you can eat! :)Location is decent...not like super nice but it's decent..at least they have a flat screen where they have sports on all the time!If you have a craving for sushi and you need to feed it really quick with good sushi then this is the place, but if you want to really impress a date or significant other..hit up Yellowtail on the strip!ps.  Jay Jay roll! my fav!
4	I have been eating here for 5 years now. I always get the all you can eat. The best part is that you can order side dishes also not just sushi. Only negative with this place is sometimes you will have to wait for 45 min to an hour. I would highly recommend this place.
1	My brother in law and I stopped here for dinner after overshooting our turn for another sushi place. Walking in the door, nice ambiance. Sat at the bar and ordered the all you can eat in which the customer is timed at 45 mins to eat. Dinner started off bad because I ordered a roll and the sushi chef drowned it in a sweet sauce. And when I say drowned, the bottom of the plate showed no white. I told the sushi guy that I didn't want the roll because he drowned it in sweet sauce. He accused me putting too much soy sauce. Really!? My meal was ruined, I ate the most basic califorrnia and philly rolls, had my plum icecream and peaced the place out. Truly, truly disappointed. Not to mention, the fish was not well kept.
4	Uni was great Sweet shrimp was impressive Pixie roll - the soft shelf crab ROCKED Poke was good Collar was very smooth in texture and yum Don't really remember what else I ordered but they were pretty good in general.... The only downside was the food came kind of slow because it was pretty busy that day even when we were dinning at 3pm.
5	i think it's a good deal for all you can eat sushi for $27.~A  few of my favs:~No Name Roll: Spicy tuna & asparagus wrapped with a layer of yellowtail~Spider Roll: I ask for it with no crab (less fillers, plus it taste better )Sushi: hamachi, surf clam, raw sweet shrimp ( comes with the shirmp head deep fried! mmmm such goodness!!),snapper. All topped off with Green Tea Ice Cream!! =)
5	The best sushi joint in the Silverado Ranch area. Expect to wait 30-60 minutes if you go during regular dinner hours. It's a very small place but great quality!
5	YUM! My boyfriend and I have been coming here consistently for about 6 years and now that I have joined YELP I can finally write a comment! My last visit was about two days ago. They had Kobe beef nigiri and conch nigiri as their special for the night. I love their sushi because its always so consistent and delicious. Other then the specials, we always get hamachi belly, hamachi & salmon kama, toro, super white tuna, sexy girl roll, and a yum yum scallop handroll with extra cucumbers. For $26.95 you cant really beat the price and the freshness. Try it sometime.... sit at the BAR for better service though!
4	I vote the next location opens in the San Gabriel Valley, California! It's painful to have to wait until a Vegas trip to fill my belly with this delicious fish (and mochi ice cream)!The cuts of fish were above what is typical for an AYCE sushi gig. The scallop nigiri was fresh and tasty. The cut of fish simply named "white fish" was really good, too. I could eat unagi anything all day long. They have many rolls to experience as well. My personal favorite was the spider roll which was huge, and had the best combo of ingredients and sauces. I like that you can order half orders of rolls, so that you can try a greater variety. The desserts were wonderful, too! The vanilla and strawberry mochi ice cream balls were the best. The tempura ice cream ball was next best, and the green tea (wasabi-looking) ice cream came in at a close third place.The best part about this place is all of the choices! You get to try such a variety of great-tasting different things, and even experiment with things you've never had the opportunity to try before. An entertainment aspect of Sushi Mon is they have some pretty awesome names for their rolls... We had many "that's what she said" comments with their creative names, especially the famed "Monster Roll". I also can't wait to try multiples of the Orgasm Roll next time! Should be a real treat! ;)
4	My buddy Will introduced me to this little place in South East of Vegas. I swear he defends this place as if he owns it! Luckily we were able to get in fairly quick since word on the street is that this place usually has long lines.  Stays open 'til 2 am so perfect for those who are craving sushi this late without having to go all the way to Chinatown where other restaurants stay open late as well.All you can eat is a bit pricey for such a small joint.  I believe it was close to being $30 unlike the $20 I'm used too in other all you can eat sushi places.  You can never go wrong with baked mussels. They serve pretty big nigiris, but it's just ok on the taste factor. I highly recommend the volcano roll and jala jala roll. But if you ordered all you can eat, just order half the original quantity of the rolls so you can try all their other rolls as well which are pretty good too. And for deserts, tempura ice cream is a must for me!  I like this place but won't be going here too often since I know other great sushi places that offer less of their ridiculous all you can eat price.
4	The best all-you-can-eat sushi in Las Vegas.  Everything is fresh and flavorful.  The AYCE menu includes side dishes and deserts.  They also allow you to order half orders on most items.The chubby roll....it's the second biggest roll i've ever seen (the biggest roll is also at sushimon, the monster roll) and is an explosion of flavor.  A must have.The only downside is the number of douchebags and hipsters at this place.  There can be a bit of a line on weekends.
5	Sushi Mon's menu for the price, selection, and quality (especially quality of seafood brought into the desert) are the best I have ever had. I have been frequenting this place over the years and have had the same good service every time. The sushi chefs and some of the employees that I have seen and talked to here at this location are from Japan, good to have some authenticity. All of the friends that I have brought here have loved the food and usually have bought the All You Can Eat special and happy with the value. Check the Special Rolls Out! http://www.sushi-mon.com/menu/special/index.phpI recommend the All You Can Eat special; lunch time costs less than dinner, you have to eat everything you order, and you have like 45 min to an hour to eat so come hungry! If your not sharing with others consider getting half rolls so you get to try more and not fill up so quick. The special includes some non-sushi items that I like including Baked Mussels, Tempura Shrimp, Fried Calamari, and Cucumber Salad. Sushi Rolls are awesome here, flavor, the rice, the ingredients, can't go wrong. You want quality similar to local Nobu and Hamada at under $30.00 per person without feeling pretentious and don't mind simple decor then this is the place you should go in Vegas to eat sushi. Don't forget dessert, I recommend the Green Tea or Red Bean Ice Cream.Sushi Mon use to be open until 4am way back in the day when it first started business, now it is still open pretty late, but not 24 hours. The line can get pretty long if you go during busy hours but definitely worth the wait.Here are some pics from my last visit:http://flic.kr/p/9sf84Phttp://flic.kr/p/9si9QEhttp://flic.kr/p/9sf9KnDon't forget to grab a punch card when you pay! This saved me lots of money over the years.Domo Arigato Sushi Mon!
4	Love this place!!AYCE fresh sushi & rolls.  The great thing about it is that you can order half rolls (4 pieces), that way, you can order more types of rolls.  Always get the special.  The last time I was here, they had one with mango on top!  YUMS!The plum ice cream is sooo good, included in the AYCE too!!
5	Okay, usually I associate AYCE Sushi with mediocre, fast-food, Americanized Japanese eats simply because 19 out of 20 times it is.  Then, there is Sushi Mon, the 1 in 20 where it is not! First of all, the well staffed chefs and servers are exceptionally considerate to the patrons. When I say "exceptionally considerate", I don't mean in the over-the-top annoying manner either. There is a genuine warmness in the staff, even in the "welcome-to-this-sushi-bar-we-have-to-greet-everyone-who-walks-in-the-door-so-here-I-am-giving-you-this-greating-for-the-seventy-third-time-today" welcome. What pleased me even more is the fact that everyone seemed to be pleased with their coworkers and appeared to enjoy EVERY aspect and tasks of their jobs (I might even seek part-time employment here, well maybe not... but I'll keep that idea in my memory bank).Sushi Chef, Hiro, was awesome! He made my wife and I's 8th wedding anniversary exceptional.  The whole experience was first class. It was if we were at dinner with old friends we hadn't seen in a while and had a chance to catch-up with each other's families.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot...we ate food here as well. love the fact that you can order 1/2 rolls which made the sampling of their variety enjoyable. Hiro was very good at explaining each dish and offered great suggestions. Besides the normal rolls we ordered he had us try the Green Mussels. I was hesitant with the Mussels but was so glad I did. And the offering of the Fatty Tuna was well called. Hiro was correct in his description of melt in your mouth buttery taste on that one. The two daily special rolls, Hurricane and Ecstasy were scrumptious. I think my favorite however was the Domingo. The menu items we ordered were perfectly cooked.  Their gyoza comes steamed or fried.  I'm a fried guy but ordered steamed on a whim. Order the Gyoza and order it steamed. The flavor is very kind to your momma!I can say more but, I want to leave some of the experience up to you.
5	2 thumbs up for this place!!!!!!!!!!!!I saw my fd's pic when she went to vegas and i was told the sushi is GOOD (she's not a sushi lover). So I went there to try in my vegas trip (you know how hard you have to squeeze a quota out from the vegas buffets when you only stay there a few days) Then, I came out with a fat belly with high satisifation =)1st, their price is reasonable!! only $27 for all-you-can eat with all FRESH sushi!!! You can really tell the freshness of sashimi WORTH every penny you pay!! Unlike other sushi buffet, they give you cheaper fish to maintain their cost, sushi mon has really good sushi (or even better than some Jap rest)!!! The sauce with some sashimi give you a better taste or refreshment! I love their citrus sauce!!!!2nd, like all buffet, they'll remind you dun waste the food so you have to finish the rice. However, unlike other sushi buffet, their sushi rice is abit smaller than usual so that will give you more room to try other food. 3rd, even though they limit your dining time to 45mins (dinner hours), but that's enough!! Because the chefs made it quick and won't waste your time!!! 4th, all other hot dishes and appetizers are also delicious =)So combine all these reasons, I went there twice on my 3days vegas trip. I'll definitely go there again when i go vegas =)
3	Food was acceptable but the service was not.  I've had better sushi here in Vegas, from a few places, but everyone raves about sushi mon.  I thought the menu was rather inspirational and the rolls were just so-so.  Hopefully, if I ever go back, they will have been brave enough to think a little outside the box.
4	What a deal!The place was pretty packed at 2 PM on a Sunday; our local friend said that lotsa people like Sushi Mon and it seems so from the reviews. We went for lunch and saw the lunch special: 2-roll combination comes with a side salad and miso soup. Our waitress was courteous and came back several times to take our order (I need pictures to decide!).  I ended up ordering the spicy shrimp and Unagi roll. The food didn't come out all at the same time, but when you're busy, you're busy, and she brought the food out as soon as it was ready.I thought they'd serve half (4 and 4) roll portions to make one roll but they actually served a 16-piece lunch.  Oh. Emm. Jee.  That was too much, but the rolls were good; soup was good (Miso generally tastes the same to me where ever), salad was fine (too much dressing for me). But it was a steal @ $8.50  :)I would definitely return with an appetite and with or without a limited budget.  :)
4	I love sushi and I love trying new places so when I was trying to figure out where to meet a friend for lunch, I went right to Yelp to find a new place that would be in a good location for both of us. Between the 4 out of 5 star rating, and remembering that I had heard good th8ings about Sushi Mon, we decided to meet there for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. Most of the tables were full when we arrived so we decided to sit at the bar. After a quick glance at the menu it was clear that AYCE would be the best way for us to go so we started out with some edamame, miso soup for my friend and drinks while we decided on a few rolls. I love that they offer 1/2 rolls, it allows me to try things that look yummy but I am not sure about. I also love that ACYE included nigiri sushi, and the fish was nice and thick and tasted very fresh. We started with an order of tuna, salmon and yellowtail to start and ended up having seconds and then thirds of the tuna as it was just delicious. As for rolls, we started with 1/2 orders of Caterpillar and Philadelphia rolls. These are my basics that I almost always order, and Sushi Mon did them well. We also had the Frying Jason roll which was a baked  roll that had scallops and yum yum sauce. A little heavy on the sauce but I would certainly order it again. We finished off with a Spider Roll because my friend wanted somethign with soft shell crab. This was made with soy paper and was large so I had a hard time eating it. This was my least favorite of the rolls we had...The only problem I had was having to ask for water refill. Otherwise it was an extremely tasty lunch. They charge a little more for AYCE then some places but the quality of fish makes it worth it in my book... Sushi Mon is definitely on my go back ASAP list.
4	Lots of positives. They're open late, you can order half rolls to get more variety, service is pretty quick. There's plenty of cooked stuff for those adverse to raw fish.We arrived at around 9:30 on a weekday and the restaurant was still at least half full. We were seated quickly, and we noticed a sign saying we only had 1 hour, so we ordered hot tea and a few rolls literally right as we sat down. Our waitress put our order in, and we got some more time to take a closer look at the menu. Round 1 comes, and we order our round 2 right away. Then round 3 and 4 fairly soon after that. By round 4, our waitress said to us "you guys know the rules, right? no leftover rice?"Us: uhh... I think so?Waitress: you guys still have a monster roll comingUs: yea, we knowHahahaha, she wasn't rude about it, but more shocked at how much we were ordering. We read over the rules, just in case, and asked her about the 1 hr rule. She said we were okay, they just don't allow customers to sit for 30 mins before ordering again. We continued for several more rounds, and then even ordered 2 rounds of dessert. I loved the green tea ice cream, but the lychee sherbet was a close second.The fish was pretty decent. Ami ebi was awesome, and so was the yellowtail collar (warning, you can only have 1 order per person of these). Plenty of variety, and definitely worth the $27.
5	UGH. BEST AYCE SUSHI I'VE EVER HAD!!!!RIDICULOUSLY good sushi.  Best part is, EVERYTHING on their menu is AYCE.  for 1 easy payment of $27.  I easily ate more than that.  I don't want to keep rambling on with how amazing the food is, but they have so much variety, that I don't see how someone could dislike this.  O btw, they're open til 1AM (well technically 2, but stop seating at 1).O. O. AND they have dessert as a part of their AYCE...
5	Yum, I love Sushi Mon!!Sushi Mon is definitely the best 'all you can eat' sushi restaurant!  I came here for dinner with a group of friends, and we all decided to enjoy the sushi buffet for $26.95/person. We ordered some rolls as soon as we sat down.  The rolls came out within 5 minutes, which is really fast.  Everything tasted fresh and really delicious.  I love how there isn't a lot of rice on the sushi, too.  Its great that we can order half rolls, so we got to try more items.My favorites were the following:1. Grilled Yellowtail Collar - the fish was cooked to perfection.  The fish fell off the bone and it was juicy.  I really liked the dipping sauce which gave it more flavor.2. Seaweed salad - tasty3. Lychee Sherbet - I've never had this before, but it was really good.  The sherbet tasted like lychee, and it wasn't too sweet.4. Spider roll - The roll was pretty big, and the soft shell crab was good.Overall, service was great.  Even though it may be a bit pricey, its definitely worth it!  I can't wait to come back when I'm in Vegas again.
3	Before I get to far into my review, the sushi here is good and the staff if friendly enough. The main reason I am only giving this place a 3 star is because of the atmosphere. From the moment I got in there I felt like I was being rushed. First off there is a 45 minute time limit on the dinner all you can eat. Then if you do not know exactly what you want to order when you are asked the chef will not wait for you to decide or help you decide, they will just skip you. Near the end of are dinner are chef up and disappeared for 20 minutes and no one asked if we needed anything. If I am paying for a timed dinner I find this unacceptable. Then at the end of the meal we got a punch card where if you get 10 all you can eats you get one for free. I like this, but again they put a time limit on the punch card!So if you are in a rush and want to eat sushi then this is a decent place to go, but if you want to relax and take your time, find a different sushi place.
4	One of the few sushi restaurants worth a short wait. The food is always fabulous and the service is attentive.
4	Finally I made it here again. It's been almost 2 yrs. Super white tuna damn I had probably like 5 orders alone. You can get half orders on some rolls. Fish is very fresh especially the sake(salmon). No toro though. Limit 2 orders on sweet ebi my fav and uni was ok. It's about 20 min trip off the strip. But well worth the trip. $26.95 pp for dinner. Great place def recommend. Bring your appettite.
5	Fredo is no longer here but this place is still awesome.  I came with a couple of friends this weekend and we had such a great time.  The selection was abundant and staff was real nice.  I think the owner enjoyed watching our group love the food.   You can even get toro and sweet shrimp her.  Believe me it was so good.  I'm sad cause I live so far away from here.  I'm also kicking myself cause I forgot to use my frequent buyers card.  I'll be back though
5	It took me 2 years to come here and MAN it was worth the wait! The nigri is sooooo good and fresh!Yellow tail Collarbone (Hamachi kama): THE BEST THAT I'VE EVER HAD.The rolls are pretty big as well.Dessert wise- Tempura Ice Cream: I believe it vanilla ice cream in side (YUMM)- Lychee Sorbet is really good tooThis place is a little pricey $26 for dinner and a few dollars less for lunch but SOOOOOOOO WORTH IT! I will come here every time I go to Vegas!
4	I think my honey and & I finally found our favorite lil hole in the all place to eat, lol. From the exterior Sushi Mon looks fairly decent until you step in and the interior gives off that hole in the place feel mind you it's that feeling that makes it diamond in the rough.All I have to say is the super white tuna is superb it taste's like melted butter in your mouth. The service was great and quick and who's ever heard of tempura ice cream? Of all the joint's we've ate at we've obviously never heard of it and I must say it was pretty good.
5	I cannot get myself to eat sushi elsewhere! I have been loyal to this place for as long as I can remember. I live on the northwest part of town and willingly travel out here whenever I want some good sushi. The bf invited me for dinner here last night and said "hell yaa!" without hesitation. We got the all you can eat for 26 bucks a head.Here's a list of things we ordered:seared tuna and salmonAhi poki'fresh' scallopYellowtail collarShrimp shumaiTarro(fish of the day)Super white EelSpicy shrimp yum yum rollsGyoza(his order)Tempura ice creamOur orders consisted  mostly of nigiris except the shrimp yum yum rolls because we don't like other things on the fish (like cream cheese..eck!) but anyway everything was,as usual, deliciously fresh. Well, except the scallops, it tasted a wee funny. It didn't taste as fresh as they claimed it to be. But the BEST PART was that TARRO !! I can eat three orders if it wasn't limited to one order per person! And the super white is to die for! A must frikken try! They used to limit the order for this before the tarro fish came out and now order as much as you can! Yay! We finished off with the tempura ice cream and satisfaction finally kicked in. Overall, great food, the staff(servers) actually improved as far as the service, and definitely worth the money.
4	Say yes to:YellowtailAmber jackBaked musselsYakitoriVegetarian:Tamago sushiSeaweed saladDessert:Lychee sherbetGreen tea ice creamService was really quick and efficient. The wait was not too long on a Sunday night. AYCE dinner is $26.95 for an hour of eating.The lychee sherbet and green tea ice cream were equally delish. The lychee had real lychee pieces and was really refreshing. The green tea ice cream was more like matcha green tea, very great. The mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream were not worth it. Food wise, the fish was pretty decent and fresh, the portions are small so you can try it all. Overall a really great deal!
5	I've been eating here for years, and it is my favorite sushi place in las vegas. Everything is so good, and I plan on keeping it as my main sushi place for as long as I can.
4	Sushi mon is great!Their sushi is very fresh, and the chefs don't seem miserable even though their crammed with a lot of sushi orders. They smile and keep you entertained if you sit by them at the bar. Everyone there is welcoming and it always stays busy. Whenever I'm there, there's at least a 15min wait. The place is pretty small but that's typical for any great sushi place. Recommendations:Yellowtail & eel nigiri
4	I've been going to this place since it opened! They have so much sushi rolls it's ridiculous! If you are going to come here make sure you get the all you can eat! I guarantee you want to try everything on their menu! The fish is super fresh! It taste as if they had the ocean in their back yard.  So awesome! The hamachi kama is my favorite and the baked mussels is a must! If you are hungry this is the sushi place to visit! It can get extremely busy at times and their can be a wait as longs as 45 mins- 1 hr.  If you have the patience your wait will be worth your while!
4	All you can you sushi made to order in Vegas. Very fresh sushi in the middle of the desert believe it or not. For around $25/person you get a wide variety of fresh sushi and side dishes. The restaurant was not too big but we came for lunch on Sunday so we didn't have to wait, I heard it gets crowded at peak times. My favorite are definitely all the nigiri and they don't give you a huge piece of rice as filler. There are a couple of high end more expensive items on the menu that you can only have one order per person. I say take full advantage and order it all because they were all very delicious; Uni, sweet shrimp, cajun salmon, amberjack, and yellowtail collar. We stuffed our face and proud of it. All you can ask for in Sushi are freshness and variety and SushiMon satisfy both. Only downside, it is located about 20min drive from the main strip and if you do not have a car, it's not worth it to taxi out there.
4	For the first time in 6 six years I have been to Sushimon, my bf and I did not do the AYCE! It was late after work and we decided we wanted something light, so we finally went to sushimon. We were really tempted to do the AYCE because they were running a lot of specials that night. But instead we got the tempura udon, s.s. dinner (with 12 pieces of sashimi), and a japanese lasgna. The dinner came with 3 pieces of tuna, hamachi belly, salmon, and red snapper, two salads, miso soup, and bowl of rice all for $13.99!! I think if you made your own nigiri with the rice and sashimi it would've been worth more then that price. Overall, we left stuffed and finally proved to my bf that we can leave sushimon with our bellies full and satisfied!!!
4	Good sushi. Fast service even when busy.
4	Always eat here every time I visit Vegas. Drinks, gambling, and food. Sushi....AYCE? Good sushi....AYCE?! Where do I sign my soul over?Desert is AYCE as well....oh god. I have no idea why I'm capitalizing AYCE?! Guess I'm just really excited about the thought that I'm going there this month (was there just last month) and I have a filled rewards card with them....mmmm...free AYCE! Ok bye.
5	Love this place! A Vegas trip would not be complete without stopping by and getting me some AYCE sushi. The food is authentic and the waiters are friendly. The cost is about $25ish. Definitely would not suggest bringing a big group, unless you don't mind the wait. There's a 90minute time limit to their AYCE, but of all the times I have been there, they have yet to enforce it. Try the Dynamite. It's delici-o-so! Be sure to pick up a stamp card before you leave because you'll be coming back here again and again!
3	Went here cuz it was recommended by other friends. They have a huge variety of rolls. The great thing about the nigri Sushi is that it doesn't have ALOT of rice. Overall, the food I give a 3, but the AYCE pricing is very good which I believe is $26.95 and you get 60 mins to eat. The Sushi Chef we had seem did not seem personable, which kinda annoyed me since we had to be seated right in front of him at the Sushi Bar.
5	Reviewing this sushi bar with all the other all you can eat places in town, Sushi Mon is far superior to all the others and this is the better of the 2 locations which are not affiliated in regards to the stamp cards.  This is by far the best place to go when your hungry for a big sushi meal. Plan on waiting for a tablenor bar room dinner and late night.
5	Went to Sushi Mon on back to back nights.  We were shame to go to the same one twice in a row so we came to this one the second time.  I still think this place is great, but the one on W Sahara had faster service.  There was a couple times we sat with nothing in front of us to eat :(
5	My buddy and I did the AYCE thing. We were extremely pleased with the quality and taste of every roll and nigiri sushi that we ordered. Their 9-1-1 spicy tuna roll is no joke--wonderfully SPICY!!! To finish up, we ordered the Yebisu and Ecstasy rolls. Let's call it a happy ending! We agreed that these may have been the best two rolls that we have ever eaten. The garlic in the Yebisu was definitely not subtle, and the "orgasm" sauce on the Ecstasy roll, well, we don't know what it is, but it is delightfully sinful!We sat at the bar, and were very impressed with the great speed at which these amazing rolls were produced after we ordered each. Not only will we be back here again, we will be dragging out-of-town visitors with us!
5	When we drive to Vegas, this is always the first stop before we hit the strip. Sometimes we even make Vegas trips just for Sushi Mon. Great quality cuts for the sushi, which is pretty much the only thing I order here. The service is exceptional too.Never got the rolls so I can't review them, but going back to the sushi. The salmon cuts are very nice! They usually have 3-4 featured sushi, but it costs a little more, just charges you dinner prices which is about 3 bucks more. If it's available, it's kind of a no brainer for me. Love this place, highly recommend it, which I do to all my friends. There's dessert too, but it's up to you. I usually just eat more sushi instead, but the ice cream is great.
4	So I recently moved to this side of town and Sushi Mon is walking distance from the new pad so its no surprise that I quickly became a fan of such a great AYCE place. I enjoy coming here because there's lots of good choices and tempura ice cream is on the AYCE menu. I had one experience here where the fish was just average but overall it has been consistently great. I will continue to come back as often as possible.
3	Not bad for an AYCE for 60 mins. They have variety, but some items are a hit or a miss.. The uni was bitter. I should have known when I saw the chef scooping out pieces of dark-colored uni. I didn't have much expectations for AYCE places, but I wouldn't mind coming back here.
4	Friend: OMG THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST AYCE SUSHI EVARRRRRRRR.Me: It is off strip, hells no, I'm not driving out there. Friend: What if I got my gf to drive us out there? Me: Sighhhhhhhhhhh, if you insist...can't believe I'm leaving off strip to get buffet. Okay, okay, Friend, you are correct...this place is pretty delish. Worth the off strip excursion. Loved that they have half rolls (plus a good variety of rolls that doesn't just consist of Cali roll + (insert topping)) and a really interesting selection of appetizer-like food (yellowtail collar & ahi poke!). Their cuts of fish are super fresh (which is super impt for ayce sushi). Didn't pay too much attention to the ordering because my friend is a regular here (...and he doesn't even live in Vegas -____-) so I just gobbled up everything he ordered. Their dessert selection is pretty amazing (tempura ice cream, lychee sorbet, red bean + green tea ice cream, mochi!) and they don't skimp on the portion size. Nifty that they have a stamp card (10 = 1 free buffet)! Service was great. About $30 (with tax & tip) for lunch. Easy parking.
5	My fav sushi spot since I started leaning more toward raw nigiri vs cooked stuff. Their nigiri is always big pieces with very little rice, and probably the freshest out of the ayce sushi spots. I always have to get the surf clam, raw scallop, amaebi and their smoked salmon is so rich and almost buttery. We always share the cut rolls and sides, so I wont bother with the long list of everything we ate. But highlights were the huge grilled yellowtail collar (they were out of salmon kama - boo!), the hurricane, tiger roll, and fried oysters.There was a 45 min wait (there's always a wait), but at least service was exceptionally quick today. I love the mix of Japanese waitresses and Mexican waiters. Sushi and sides started coming within 10 minutes and never stopped. This was a belated bday dinner for my roomie and they brought out his green tea and mochi ice cream all cute with a candle. They also gave him a sushi mon shirt, which he actually really liked. I thought that was sweet of them, and this is why we come back probably once/month. Only thing I'd change is I wish they would take a cue from lotus of Siam - buy the spot next door during this sh*tty time for commercial real estate, knock down a wall and expand! I'm tired of always waiting for minimum half an hr anytime I go with more than one person.
5	Best all you can eat around!
4	Can't go wrong with Sushi Mon.  All-you-can-eat is winning.  I cannot believe that uni is unlimited!  The quality of the fish blows my mind--am I seriously eating this in the middle of the desert?!  the increasing prices make me apprehensive, and worried.  For this little restaurant, there are way too many servers, which might be why the price keeps going up.Make sure you eat all your food (or try to at least be incognito in your method of disposing your rice) because they will charge you ala carte prices if not.  **Order half portions if you think you cannot handle!My faves: Nigiri - Uni, hamachi, salmonSpecial rolls - Athena (spicy hamachi, cucumber & avocado wrapped in shrimp), No Name (spicy tuna & asparagus, wrapped in hamachi), Dragon (California roll wrapped in unagi w/ unagi sauce drizzle)Sides - Grilled hamachi collar, dynamite!, baked mussels, ahi poki (reminiscent of Hawaii)And my all-time favorite... Quail egg shooter.  A shot glass filled with hot sauces, quail egg, and tobiko (fish eggs).  Mmm!Try to get out of your element and try new things here at Sushi mon, because if you do this at another restaurant you will have to pay per plate.
3	This restaurant is still okay to me. My dad really likes this restaurant a lot. Everytime we're in Vegas, he always looks forward to eating here. Again it's okay, I just always prefer the more traditional Japanese restaurants. They have an All You Can Eat menu but I've never ordered it. A traditional Japanese restaurant wouldn't have this, so I guess for some it's a plus. I ordered the Sushi-max roll. It's spicy tuna, topped with shrimp served, on a bed of yum yum sauce. It's not really spicy but has a subtle kick to it. The fried calamari strips are pretty good here too.Although I'm not really big on this restaurant, their ingredients are good. I can't say great becuase I really feel I've had better sushi elsewhere. Their service is pretty good, I didn't catch the name of our waitress but we've had her before and she does an exceptional job. I wish I got her name but it's the brunette with short hair, she's very attentive and courteous.
5	Place is our favorite....the fish is great and the people are cool. Place gets packed in the evenings which is always a good sign.We have been going weekly for several years and can't say anything bad.   Hiro and Eddie are the best!!!!
1	Only go there if your Asian because everyone else isn't welcome. Sure they'll take your money if they aren't busy but if they are, Asians get first in line no matter how long you wait.
5	OMG. i think i Have a new favorite buffet sushi place! too bad it's in Vegas!!! So this is not your typical buffet. it's all you can eat, but they take your order and serve it to you. :) Awesome for us lazy bums. decently priced too! under 30 bucks for lunch or dinner. Uni- this is the first time i've enjoyed Uni. yummy buttery goodness fresh Scallop sushi. omg this was sweet and amazing! Miso soup was also like it was home made and the perfect balance of salt and miso. will definitely try to talk my friends into coming her our next trip out to vegas! :)
5	EFFING AMAZING.When I first got here this place look kinda small and packed, which cost us to wait for an hour or so. When we got into the restaurant, we ordered so much sushi that  I thought the waiter was writing an essay of food. The food turn out to be DELICIOUS. especially the grilled yellowtail collar and the creative rolls.Overall one of the best all you can eat sushi place in Vegas! I don't know any other place that can compare
5	AYCE Sushi for $25. There's a 45 minute time limit, but the servers say they don't really enforce it, not like you should be eating for more than an hour once you start anyways! The rolls here are amazing. There is a large selection and everything is fresh. The sushi is not drowned with rice so you can enjoy the fish. The miso soup to start is on point. The rolls sometimes break easily when trying to grab it, but for the most part are very well made. What really pleased me was the service. It is FAST! We kept ordering away and the food kept coming out without skipping a beat.Ended my meal with green tea ice cream which was among the best I've tasted and I left satisfied and happy.
5	You can't beat Sushi Mons' AYCE selections. Very fresh sushi and great bang for the buck. One of those "melt in your mouth" type of deal. AYCE is $25/ per person. Be prepared to wait approx 40 minutes to be seated on Friday and Saturday nights though. Even the sushi bar can get really crowded..
3	We went last night kind of late for the AYCE dinner.  Being from Reno, the capital of AYCE sushi, we were too spoiled to spend for a la carte anywhere else in Vegas, and this place was recommended by a few people.  Checking yelp and looking over the menu we got excited, the variety was great.  I like to start with nigiri but the fish looked bad, my yellowtail had a lot of different shades to it, maybe it's the way they cut it or maybe it's just kind of old but they do give good fish to rice ratiio.  Also, the salmon didn't come with lemon on it as it does at my favorite place back home, and the sushi chef was fairly inattentive when I wanted to ask for some slices so I just dealt with it.The long rolls were not anything to write home about either.  They were loosely rolled and had a lot of rice, so much that when I picked one up it fell into soy sauce which splattered ALL over me.  When this happened, the sushi chef offered soda water, which was nice, but it didn't have to happen at all.  We ordered a couple rolls with no issue but when my boyfriend ordered the Monster roll, thinking it would be piled high with fish, we got disappointed.  The chef made something that looked delicious then piled a whole bowl worth of rice onto it, rolled it up and served it.  My boyfriend decided the only way he could fit it in his mouth would be to take out the actual roll and discard the rice.  He told the waiter he wasn't going to eat it and the waiter was very nice, saying he would have warned him if he'd asked, stating it might be better for a table of 5 people (it's only 5 slices).  We just wish the chef had warned us. But we weren't charged for not eating the rice which was good, cause they charge over $12 for that roll, and that's almost half the cost of dinner.  So, to summarize, love the AYCE, love the late hours and variety of rolls.  There was so much we wanted to try that we didn't get a chance to.    Service is also excellent but the chef could've been better/more service oriented.
5	Ok..so if u want me to get straight to the point. I have been to this locatiom 3x. It NEVER dissapoints. I am talking about the best sushi in TOWN!!!! Moon roll, miles roll, JJ Roll the list goes on..chefs are great, food is exceptional, wait staff is friendly. The price moderate, for AYCE, but its worth every penny. This location is better than the one on W. Sahara, since they have more to offer. If someone talks about Sushi-Mon go to THIS LOCATION!!. The sushi chefs are much better, and the food is better and they have more to offer on the menu. Everything comes out fresh, and have not once have had a complaint. Don't forget the strawberrry mochi, and ice cream tempura, baked mussels and ahi poke are great too. This is the real deal, for sushi in vegas, forget the strip, with the over priced rolls. This is the best deal in town, and the best sushi in TOWN!!! If anyone out of town, asks me about sushi, i tell bring them here!
5	Sushi Mon is perfect for a sushi wuss like me who doesn't like to get too wild and crazy. There is a ton of variety but I like to stick to my core rolls and with All You Can Eat being $25 bucks you can get a lot.The weekends are super busy but here's my little trick. Run over to the PT's bar across the parking lot and just call in your reservation. By the time they call your phone you'll be 2-3 beers deep and ready to put some spicy tuna inside you.Oh and ask for the Hulk Roll, it's crazy good. Don't ask for the Shewchuk Roll... they might boot you out of there.
2	Sushi Mon is pretty mediocre in my opinion. I had a lot of their nigiri during my visit. Not bad, but not the greatest.The one and ONLY memorable thing here, SNOW CRAB NIGIRI. A must try if you're going to visit Sushi Mon.I have found a better sushi spot and will not be returning.
2	This sushi was just ok. The fish was not really fresh. We will not be returning to this restaurant.
4	I love the food here.  But it seems like everytime we go the service gets worse and worse.  The sushi chefs behind the bar are extremely attentive!  But if you get a table, god help you.  Towards the middle of my last 3 meals there, my waitress just disappears.  We finally flag down a different waitress after giving crazy ample time, and they inform us our waitress' shift has ended.  So it was our responsibility?  I would be very forgiving if it only happened once, but that's not the case.  I keep going for the food, it's just incredible.  And even though the service lately has been mediocre, I will continue to go there until they have pushed too many buttons...
3	Although famed for their AYCE sushi specials of which I did not partake, Sushi Mon has solidly well valued, if not great, Japanese food.  This corner shop is more on the "suburban" outskirts of Las Vegas and is in a shopping plaza.In short, I got a teriyaki lunch special for 6 bucks and it was quite filling with its large bento box full of servings of chicken, rice, tempura, salmon sashimi, gyoza, and the additional (and obligatory) bowls of salad and miso soup. I guess the only minor gripes I had were that the soup was lukewarm, the salad was drenched in dressing, and the salmon was dry. But for the amount of food I got for the money, there's not much else bad to say.
4	Great place, very well priced and great quality for the price.  Always packed usually have to sit at the bar.  It's our every Wednesday night joint.
4	I really like this place.  Check it out.1.  Parking - In a kinda busy strip mall, so easy peasy.2.  Ambiance -  Very nice, a bit spartan and very "efficient".  Not the warmest place, however, not bad at all, just "efficient"3.  Service - Very good. Cannot complain and they know their stuff as well!4.  Food - AYCE reasonably priced and a ton of selection to choose from.  Go here hungry or else it is a waste.  Yeah, you can bring your kids, however, the best deal is without them......Sorry Kids.5.  Overall - Nice place, I like it.  I found that the wait time for this place can be a pain in the petunias.  So, be prepared like a good scout.Check this place out.  Oishii desu!
4	Sushi Mon is a solid place for AYCE sushi, but not as creative as their new venture. Although some of the rolls are the same as Goyemon, Sushi Mon does not have the awesome appetizers and desserts that the other restaurant does. The quality of fish is the same, the service is better, but the variety is lacking. If you ignore these minor complaints, the difficulty in picking up the nigiri was the major problem of the night. The ones that had a sauce splashed on top fell apart too easily. Instead of drizzling it lightly on the fish, they put it directly on the rice which caused it to loosen up on contact. The rolls are nothing particularly special, so nigiri is definitely the way to go. The nice large pieces of fish placed on a proportionate piece of rice was perfection. I didn't know that they use the same stamp card as Goyemon, so if your waitress ask if you have a card give them that card. I looked at the one she gave me and asked if I could just get my Goyemon stamped, but they will not combine. Be prepared and just add on to your preexisting one.
5	I miss this place! After living in Vegas for 6 years, it's truly one of the things I miss most. I used to go to Sushi on Rainbow when I lived on West Trop back in '99 and it was good. After I bought  a place in Silverado Ranch in '01, Sushi Mon opened up 6 months later and it was great. I believe it's Japanes owned and often the staff are foreign exchange students going to UNLV. The service has always been good, and the sushi a great value. Love the late night all-you-can-eat. Kind of funny how they have to over emphasize the "rules" of all you can eat, but I guess it comes with the territory.I get back to Vegas 3-4 times a year and always make sure I have a car to visit Sush-Mon and the buffet and M Casino.I have lived in Hawaii and now Seattle and I still think and crave Sushi-Mon in the desert of Vegas more often than the sushi establishments in these oceanside States.
5	The BEST place to go for sushi in the city. No other place compares to Sushi Mon. The fish is ALWAYS fresh, the service is ALWAYS excellent and I will ALWAYS pick sushi mon over any other sushi bar. Give the cajun albacore tuna a try. It's to die for!
1	This place is going down, food still good but service is horrible. They say they close at 2:00 am, I got there yesterday at 1:01 and they didn't let me do the all you can eat, and the guy at the door told me an my friend, either Allan carte or leave. We couldn't believe it. Awesome costumer service. We will never come back.
5	This is my husbands and I's  favorite place to eat sushi. Great fresh fish, and speedy service! I only wish that they expanded the property. It gets a bit stuffy and its usually busy. So for the most part you will be waiting at least 30 mins if you go in the evening. Thank goodness they opended up a sister property Goyemon which gives you the same great taste with great ambience plus its on our side of town. Cant go wrong there! either way its worth checking out :)
4	Small place. Fast and good service. I enjoyed the Kamikaze roll the most. Liked the Orion, Lemon, Spicy tuna rolls. I had some cajun albacore and salmon nigiri as well as a seaweed salad. All were made well and were tasty. I hear this joint is open late. I am sure I will be back as well.
5	10 yr anniversary. So they are offering all you can eat today for $10.  The line was out the door probably 50 people standing outside before they even opened.  Since I was by myself, I only waited 15 min before they called my name.  They definitely prepared for today.  They were staffed, food was comin out fast and lookin good, tasting good, service was good.  The Ahi Poki was probably the only thing I didn't really care for. I love ahi poki, just not their version of it.  Otherwise....Nothin to complain about :-)
1	When I read about their $10 all-you-can-eat promo a few weeks ago, I made plans to attend with a big group of friends. Sushi Mon isn't our favorite place and we figured the wait would be pretty long, but since they clearly advertised a no reservations policy we figured it would be worth it to go and wait; We were severely wrong. When we arrived there were a few people gathered outside and the restaurant was full, but it wasn't too bad. When I went to the hostess to put our name on the list, we were informed they were booked solid until the end of their event and we couldn't be served even though our whole party was present. So much for the "no reservations" policy. Save yourself the trouble, there's all-you-can-eat sushi places nearby with better flavor and similar prices--we won't be returning.
1	Bad management, Bad Service! They advertise a special for 10.00 but when we got there they told us they weren't honoring that deal any more because too many people showed up!! Ummm not my problem. Instead of offering an apology for the wasted gas and time,they rudely just said no more. Don't bother going here.
5	There are so many places to choose an all you can eat sushi restaurant in Las Vegas/Henderson...the best I have tried so far has been Sushi-Mon!  Every time my family members visit Vegas, that have to get a fix of Sushi Mon.  Why is it that they crave this particular restaurant?  *their awesome and fresh quality?*their quick service and friendly staff? *their myriad selection of delicious sushi combination and original master pieces? *great price?*not only do you get to choose from a extended selection of delicious sushi, you also have the option of ordering appetizers including gyoza, seasame chicken, miso soup, shrimp and vegetable tempura, hamachi kama...do I need to say more?  What I love about this place also is that the sushi to rice ratio is just right!  (meaning they are not cheap and do not overload their sushi rolls with rice) haha.  One of my pet-peeves regarding sushi is the rice quality and boy does Sushi Mon meet my standards.  My opinion, check this place out!  Don't forget to save room for dessert! =)
5	Came here for the $10 AYCE sushi event for Sushimon's 10 year anniversary and it was awesome.  The fish was good and they were ultra-fast!  We ordered 4 orders of 6 types of nigiri and it was sitting on our table in 5 minutes tops.  I really enjoyed the garlic tuna nigiri and the cajun albacore nigiri and make it one of my frequent orders that day.  Didn't want to order any rolls because I was more focused on hitting up the nigiri and making sure to get my monthly nigiri fix.  My buddy ordered 5-6 orders of uni sushi (usually one order per person at other sushi spots) as well and got it just as fast as I did!  The food was pretty fresh and my group and I left super full from definitely stuffing ourselves with all the yummyness we could.On a side note, we had to wait for 4 hours, but with the AYCE price this low and one hour of AYCE madness, I wasn't suprised or mad BECAUSE IT'S $10 DOLLARS!!  Just because some people don't have patience and/or didn't make an effort to come down earlier does NOT mean that Sushimon deserves a 1-star for not catering to you.  They took the price cut to give the public a nice treat and were simply overwhelmed with the response.  Yet, they turned up the production to 11 and kept the event going as best as they could.  No one was entitled to the $10 AYCE price and I definitely didn't feel like I was.  I came in as soon as possible, waited my turn, and got to enjoy the event as intended.I give them 5 stars for dropping their price low, good foods, and giving us the best service they could while dealing with snooty ungrateful people.  Definitely stopping by again; Sushimon has made a customer out of me.
5	I guess when you give away the same Ferrari for $10 people will still complain. "Hey why is that guy's Ferrari looks shinier than mine?" or "Why do I have to get mine Ferrari after the guy who got here before me and is in front of me in line?"Same quality of food and service for 1/3 of the usual price is a 5 star performance in my book. Kudos for Sushi Mon for having the balls to throw an event like this for their fans.
5	When I used to go to Vegas 2-3 times a month, this was my go-to place to get my sushi fix. There were times when I used to come here twice in one weekend...shesh! The one thing I love about Sushi Mon is they include appetizers in the all-you-can-eat menu. The sushi is delicious. I mean, it is an all-you-can-eat place, but the seafood is pretty darn good quality. I usually get this knotty feeling in my stomach when I eat mediocre fish, and the only reason why my tummy aches from this place is cause by over eating. I will admit, I usually have to loosen my belt a few notches at the conclusion of my meal. I've listed my favorites below. The garlic tuna and cajun albacore are must tries! I used to order 5 orders of this. My significant other at the time hated raw fish. After tasting the garlic tuna and cajun albacore, they were sold! Darn, so wishing I was in Henderson right about now! AppetizersCalamariPokeBaked MusselsGreen SaladCucumber SaladSeaweed SaladGrilled Salmon & Yellowtail CollarRollsVolcano RollFrying JasonGoyemon Style LasagnaSexy GirlSunriseEcstasyOrionNigiri***Garlic Tuna (SOOOOO GOOD)Cajun AlbacoreSeared Tuna
4	One of the better AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas.  They have Hamachi Kama (yellowtail Collar) and Toro on the menu.  The slices are wonderful and generous.  They do not scrutinize when eating at the Sushi Bar.  I've been to Sushi Mon at least 8 times, with different party sizes.  They've always been accommodating and friendly.The Sushi is of good quality.  I usually get the Nigiri and don't normally get the rolls.  When I have tried the rolls, they are very well made and taste great.  The Super White Tuna is great, as well as the salmon belly and Toro.  They even give you the fried shrimp head for the Ameabi.  For $27/person, it's a great deal.  I would recommend if you are in the Henderson area.  Do not get confused with the Sushi Mon located in the NW part of town.  They are completely different owners and places.  I've tried the Sushi Mon there and I cannot say the food was as good as it was here.  They seem to have more variety and quality here in the one on Maryland.
5	So, we live on the complete opposite side of town from this fine Sushi place, however recently our favorite Sushi Chef made a change and now does his thing here!  Aside from it being a bit of a drive, we've now got our new favorite Sushi restaurant!They have great portions and the fish is incredibly fresh..which is what you want when you sit down at the Sushi bar.Could not be happier!  Mike, Haru and the rest of the Sushi masters were fantastic and we left stuffed not wanting to eat for days!  We'll be back, just perhaps not as often as we normally would.
1	Service was crap, sushi was blah. Too many better sushi places in town.
2	We had high hopes for this place but that was not the case . Our server was hard to understand. The appetizers were over cooked & shrimp tempura was not crunchy it was soggy . The chicken teriyaki was to dry . The 2 pcs of fish wit salmon had too much rice & salmon was not fresh it was chewy . There tuna was ok & yellow tail was ok. The scallops were hard to chew. The server said that our 1 hour ion all you can eat is about to be over & if we want desert , I feel like we were rushed to eat go very uncomfortable. The desert was ok I fished . My sister & I won't be back.
4	On a recent trip from Oahu, we ran into this restaurant while searching for an all you can eat sushi joint...The 4 of us got there at about 7:30pm on a Wednesday night and had about an hour and a half wait. Besides the reservationist/cashier being a little on the rude side, and the all you can eat sushi menu only allowing each person only 1 order of uni, ama ebi, and the hamachi kama each, the fish was very fresh, and they had nice size cuts of fish on their nigiri sushi. All in all I'd give it a thumbs, and will be returning there on my next visit to Las Vegas! I just hope the reservationist/cashier doesn't read this or the next time my wait will be even longer, buahahaha.
5	One word: SUSHIGASM.Okay okay....so it's not a real word.  Before I go on with my review, I have to say I was a bit weary dining here.  My last experience of AYCE sushi was HORRIBLE.  I never felt so sick in my life and had to hang out in the bathroom for the rest of the night. Yeah, you can say I was scarred from AYCE joints from that experience.  With that said, my brother told me he loves this place and takes all his visitors here for dinner.  My brother has a waaaaay more sensitive stomach than I do. If he loves this place and doesn't get sick from it, then I'm sure I can tolerate it.  $28 is not a bad deal for AYCE sushi.  Originally I thought this place was going to be buffet-style but get this: they make it fresh for you once you put in your order! Ummm how great is that??  So I felt a lot better once I found that out.I tried to sample a variety of dishes served at Sushi Mon.  Between my brother, his fiancee and I, this is what I remember ordering:Seared salmon nigiriEvery time I dine at a kaiten restaurant, I always order a few plates of this.  I thought it was interesting how they presented this dish because they sear the underside of the salmon.  And yes, I thought the the texture and taste was good.Garlic tuna nigiriThe only other place I can compare this to is Genki Sushi and Sushi Mon does it a lot better.  I like how there's enough garlic to compliment the taste of the tuna, rather than overwhelm it.  Ecstasy RollThis roll contains chopped albacore, avocado and tempura crumb wrapped with tuna, smelt eggs & seaweed salad drizzled with orgasm sauce. Yeah, you heard that right, orgasm sauce.  I dunno what orgasm sauce is (or if I wanna know) but that with the entire roll was delicious.  I liked the texture the tempura crumbs added to the roll as well.Supreme Salmon rollSalmon wrapped with rice, nori and...more salmon!? This was an instant hit with me but I had to deduct a half star because I found a fish bone in one of the rolls.Baked musselsThese were pretty good, although I thought there was a little too much mayo and cheese topping it.Sushi Mon LasagnaTo clarify, this contains scallop yum and cucumber spread with yum yum sauce & cream cheese.  All I can say is there was way too much yum yum.  This roll was a bit rich for my liking.  I'll pass on this the next time I visit.SabaI thought it was ok and it seemed like it didn't taste as "oily" as I remember it to be.  I hope that makes sense to you all...UniDuring dinner, they only allow one order of uni per person. I can totally see why...this tasted so fresh!  I was tempted to have someone order me another round but we still had a lot of food to finish.  For those of you who wonder what this tastes like, it reminds me of the fat of dungeness crabs (aka the best part of the crab).  If you still think it sounds gross, you are so missing out.Grilled yellow tail collarCooked to perfection! The meat easily fell off the bones and I enjoyed the tenderness of the fish and the crispiness of the outside.Lychee sorbetBest lychee sorbet I've tasted.  This also contained chunks of lychee fruit in it. Mmmm...Strawberry mochiMost of the time when I had this at other restaurants, this is frozen rock hard.  Sushi Mon's mochi was nice and soft while the ice cream in the inside was slightly firm.  Another good choice for dessert.I apologize if this review was ridiculously long.  Anyways, I personally think it's worth the trip to dine here at Sushi Mon.
3	The sushi is good but they pack on too much rice.  Service is always excellent.  My favorite Chef is MOON!
5	I always come here when I go to Vegas. AMAZING sushi for a decent price. I highly suggest doing the all you can eat option since it's such a great deal. The only downside is that the wait for a table is loooong especially during dinner time. I've waited nearly an hour on a couple of occasions. Other than that, everything is great.
5	Soo soo good. Everything is fresh! Everything is delicious. The Service is great. the baked green mussels! To die for! Oh how I love this place. I could eat sushi here all day everyday. The all you can eat is so worth it. Maybe I'm just a fatty, but I love this place and I could eat there alll day long. YUUUUM!
4	I don't know why there's pressure to say up front that I'm no sushi expert (no one seems to say they are not Chinese or Italian food experts when reviewing pizza or dim sum joints, right?), but it seems like with sushi, you have to establish your cred (or not) right away. So I'm an amateur!But I do like me some Sushi Mon. The AYCE deal is available both for lunch ($22) and dinner ($27) and if you are planning on trying more than three rolls, this is your best bet since the prices otherwise take you over $25 real quickly. Unlike some other places, the AYCE sushi does not include miso soup, seaweed salad or a drink, just so you know. Let's say you love sushi but your friends don't- bring them here anyway, since there are plenty of other Asian-themed dishes they can try while you grab the fish n' rice. There is a $10 "dinner special" with a green salad, soup, vegetable tempura, chicken teriyaki, potato salad and yes, a California roll, but your non-sushi friends can give that to you. Also, there are breaded and fried pork options, other teriyaki plates, etc. But back to the sushi, which to me has to mean AYCE. Prepared mostly by Japanese (not always so at other places) and served very quickly once made, it has always been fresh and exactly as described on the menu, which is a big help since I'm not an expert, of course. Something new to me were the fried rolls (volcano sushi, flying Jason roll, etc.) and I could have done without them because they added lots of ballast, but it shows the creativity of the sushi masters at work. You can ask for half-rolls of most offerings, which allows you to try more types and not feel completely stuffed as you leave.Now the place is indeed small and very popular, so you should definitely expect to spend up to 30-40 minutes waiting for a table if there are more than 2 in your party and if it's after 5 PM most days, but it is worth it. And beware- the wait staff is definitely militant about not sharing AYCE with those who order entrees and are also always on rice-wastin' patrol. Don't be the one to be called out- I've seen this happen once and it's not even funny.What's interesting is that reviews of other sushi restaurants in the area (or even across town) often compare whatever place is being reviewed to Sushi Mon, which means it must have a standard-setting reputation among those who really know their sushi. As I said, I'm an amateur, but even so- Sushi Mon is a great place for all levels of sushi-knowledge, it seems.
1	If there is anything less than 1 star I would have click it.  My first time entering a review as this place has the WORST (when I say worst I CAP on it) management ever.  The manager at the front desk has the worst service as it was a cold night out we had kids with us and he rejected us a seat stating we could go somewhere else if we cant wait.  It took us 60 dollars in taxi fee to get there to try it out and he told us we could go somewhere else if we dont want to wait for him to feel the mood to let us in.  The night was busy but he was letting in 2 to 3 people but not reserving table for us.  STAY AWAY!
5	Rules for ALL YOU CAN EAT: never ever drink soup or eat rice!  THESE ARE FILLERS...FILLERS!! AND ONLY WASTE YOUR STOMACH SPACE!  COME TO BUFFETS HYDRATED so you don't have to drink much water either!  I know.. nutrition professional and I'm telling you this..hahahaStory time: The places opens at 11:45 AM and because a group takes forever to get ready, instead of individuals, we left at 12 PM and got there about 12:15 PM.  BIG MISTAKE!  The rush had already gone through. NOO!  As a result, we had a 40-minute wait.  After meeting with mama-san at Tokyo Discount, we came back in dismay as we had to wait another 30-40 min. Waiting in the sun,..dear god it's winter and I am sweating?  WE'RE STARVVING!  On our death beds, hypoglycemia status..and all I could think about are my sugar levels.  Where is an emergency glucose pill when you need it? After all was done, said, and eaten..i left with gochi o sama deshita!  hontoni, sugoku oishiikatta desu!  The Japanese owner was impressed that I could speak Japanese!  Synopsis: One word, white tuna sushi!  PURE HEAVEN!  It's like buttaahhhhhhhh without the clogging-feeling aftermath.  I literally came in my pants, no joke.  I came here with all the Vegas crew i met through my BFF.  In total, 8 of us.  The horror beginning of it all, was that we waited more than an hour, and the way they made us wait was horrific, but even with that said, the $28 bucks we spent (18% tip including), was more than worth it.  Hence, 5 stars!  I'm certain their revenue has hit the negative due to our cow-like stomachs.  Would I come here?  HELL YES!!!  Mmm.I can't wait to come back and have Sushi Mon on the side as a bonus feature!Employees:  If you can speak Japanese, they will be impressed, especially if you don't look like your Japanese (usually I am told I look Japanese, but being with all Filipinos...it didn't seem so). The lady smiled at me and the cute guy I was with, Keifer, was also impressed. Sumimasen, Atarashi pureto onegaishimasu!  Although the guy who served us didn't have a happy smile on his face.  I totally disregarded that because I was beyond starvation to care.  More to that, our table was demanding because we were ordering like everything on the menu times 5!  Hahaha..  Although in the end, the guy was rude.  After I got my sugar levels back to normal, service seemed to matter more.  He said, "because there are a lot of people waiting, we need to as you to leave" even though our EXTRA round of desserts haven't made it to our table.  RUDE!  Too bad, I put the tip in before he said it.  Otherwise, it would have certainly been 10!!!  not to mention...WE WERE WAITING FOR HEIFERS BEFORE THIS TO FINISH EATING!  And their BMIs were about 35...and there were FOUR of them.  RUDE!Parking: Very easy!  I love Vegas for this.  It's not like Hawai'i, where you have to hunt for excruciating amount of time to visit your favorite restaurant.  Although, compared to how many people were there, to the amount of parking, it seemed unjustified and misleading.  Lots of parking, not enough space in the restaurant.  Womp, womp!Cost: For all you can eat, $28 including 18% tip, amazing.  I'm positive we ate the restaurant in the negatives.  I can safely say, each of us ate about $100 worth of foodFood: Where do I even begin!  I didn't care what the names were, they all went into my tummy!  1, 2, 3...Houdini tricks!  All gone in one fell swoop!  Although, the most eye-back rolling, pants creaming goodness was the white tuna.  OMG  Just thinking about it makes me drool with delight.  I honestly hope the next guy I date tastes this good!  My second favorite were the clams soaking in a cheese sauce?  UGH!  OMG!  It was a burst of smooth creamy lovely!  Then of course you have to have the other foods that cause dyslipidemia such as deep-fried oysters? and Shrimp Tempura!  10 each, GONNNNEE!  And then before I pass out from all the food, "Um...may I have two vanilla mochi ice creams please?"  Drinks: Water with lemon!  Cheap flavored water.  Plus you get vitamin C and antioxidants.  Can you please make my lemon bigger?Rating-disclosure: Although the wait was absurd, and the service not glamorous, i still gave this place 5 stars because the food honestly made up for it.  It really did!  And probably because I was with good company.  If to me, service mattered more than the food, I would definitely have given this place 4 stars.  The only thing holding me back is the unfortunate fact that Hawai'i is deprived of awesome all-you-can-eat sushi due to import costs.
3	Came here for lunch when most of the Japanese restaurants closed for day time on New Year's Eve.They offer sushi buffet for lunch and dinner with pretty good selections. However, we didn't choose their buffet since we wanted some sashimi and hamachi karma. The fish was fresh and they did give us huge sizes on the sashimi. Overall, I think they are just an average level of Japanese restaurant, nothing has "wow"ed me but nothing bad. This is about 8-10 miles away from Las Vegas strip - kind of far.
4	Since it can get packed up in there--ya gotta wonder.  Is it hype?  Is it good?  Is it both?  YES.Apparently they have managed to use quality fresh fish at low prices to their advantage and hence the place is packed.  As good as I have had for "All Ye Can Scarf" Sushi.  This is definitely all about the All You Can Eat vice the a la carte items.  Just be prepared that if you go during typical dinner-evening rush hour times you might wait a bit.  If you are on a tight time-line you should think twice about coming.For the price of what you get, it is top value in the sushi world.  I was almost expecting mediocore food due to the amount of people and the constant, intense, back-and-forth sushi retrieval operations going on.  However, for the volume and low price, they maintained a decent presentation and didn't do a hatchet job on the sushi/sashimi.If you wanna binge on sushi of good quality without getting schwacked in the wallet, you can't beat this place.
5	Best experience after 9yrs of going to Sushi Mon - it was Sunday at 10pm and this is the first time I've seen the place more than half empty. It was great - no wait and the food flew out of the kitchen. We had our usuals, but also the day's specials - tobiko (flying fish eggs), salmon belly and hamachi belly. Yum! Most places only serve masago fish eggs, but the tobiko has a lot more crunch. Thought I would love the salmon belly, but I didn't like the texture, hamachi belly was amazing! Out of habit, I ordered the smoked salmon nigiri and miles roll (spicy smoked salmon w/ cucumber and avocado), but later saw that they weren't on the menu anymore. Maybe the price of salmon has gone up because like on my last several visits, they were also out of salmon collar. The smoked salmon nigiri is the main reason I love Sushi Mon, so good to know that it's still available off menu.
3	We ate at sushi mon every time we visit Vegas. And we love the place. But this time, they changed the all u can eat menu. No sweet shrimp, no uni, no yellow tail collar. Salmon collar is out, shrimp head miso soup out. Don't know how to order now.
4	After reading all the reviews I had to try this place for myself. After arriving and seeing a nearly full restaurant, I was surprise to see how quickly they sat us at the bar. Service was consistent and faster than I would expect from a restaurant that busy. Quality of the sushi was on par for the price. Atmosphere was lively and my favorite part of the evening. We soon found ourselves amongst friends as people chimed in either suggesting something for us to try or inquiring about certain rolls we had ordered. Wonderful food, great atmosphere, decent price. Will be back.
4	Went here today for the first time with a friend who is a regular here. Walked in around 7pm and it was a packed house. We didn't have to wait long and were seated within 5 minutes. The place was smaller than I had envisioned and I was wondering how the small two top we were seated at was gonna hold the smorgasbord of food we were about to order! The service was very attentive and my friend commented this was the best waiter she's had in all the times she's been here. I was happy to see they had my two favorite items on the Ayce menu. They are hamachi kama and baked mussels! Yummy! Only downside is you are limited to one order of the hamachi kama. Ordered a bunch of nigiri and several more hot apps. Loved the unagi and super white tuna. Both fried and steamed gyoza were delish as the skin was nice and thin just the way I like it! Finished off with Mochi ice cream and lychee sorbet. Very refreshing! I was nervous about the one hour time limit as I am a pretty slow eater. :) they did not enforce the one hour limit. We were there about an hour and a half and no one seemed to be rushing us. Good food. Good service. Great company. I was a happy girl. Can't wait to come back and try other items on the menu!
5	Had a craving for sushi and found this place from Yelp.  It was the closest Sushi place from our hotel and the rating was pretty high so we decided to check it out.  Had an awesome experience, very friendly staff and the fish was high quality.  Good thing we ordered the all you can eat since we ate almost triple of the  amount of what they charge for ayce.  Our sushi chef's name was Mike, very friendly and knowledgable.We will definitely visit again the next time we're in town and will recommend the place to our family and friends.
4	Having been jaded by "All You Can Eat Sushi" before my husband and I were hesitant to meet our local family members at a strip mall for sushi.  We had even made alternate dinner plans with our friends on the Strip, just in case.  It was a week night and pretty early 5:30 pm so there was a lot of room for our party of 5.  The waitstaff seemed a little standoffish at first, but after we ordered they were very quick to refill our hot tea and check on us.  3 of our family members ordered entrees.  The portions were huge and looked tasty.  My husband and I ordered the AYCE and were very surprised to see that there were so many choices for both rolls and negri.  We ordered several rolls both standard (spider, spicy tuna, yellow tail) and specialty (Vegas a go go)  We were delighted to taste fresh fish.  We ordered till our mercury levels were off the charts and then the sea called and asked us to pace ourselves for fear they could not generate enough fish for the rest of the world.  We left satisfied and happy.  I do appreciate their 20% charge if you do not finish the sushi you order.  I also appreciate the 1 hour limit on AYCE except if I was going to be held by it...I am not sure if its really busy that AYCE is worth it if you only have an hour.
5	A "must try" place. The sushi is ALWAYS fresh, the service is ALWAYS fast, the chefs are ALWAYS nice and ready to recommend something.It is a little pricey comparing to other places, but definitely worth your $.However..this place is SO tiny..and if you got on a Saturday or Friday night..you would have to wait 30minutes at least to get in..but we ALWAYS wait 'cuz we'r good sushi loverz :D
5	There are so many AYCE sushi places in Vegas and quite a few of them are VERY good.  Sushi Mon might not be as pretty, spacious, or friendly as some of the other spots around town but they definitely come through on the food.  Especially the specials.  The other night they had an amazing sashimi salad on the AYCE specials board.  The Striped Jack was so tasty and definitely not something you find at most of the AYCE places around town.  They had salmon belly and yellowtail belly on the specials board too.  AYCE Salmon Belly?  So yummy!!!  The nigiri was all fresh and flavorful.  I really like that they don't go heavy on the sauces that mask the fish flavors.  Another favorite is their Salmon Collar.  A lot of places around town over cook their collar.  Sushi Mon's is always moist, lightly charred, and absolutely delicious!They don't have a lot of dessert options but then I never have any space left.  And depending on what time you go, there may be a long wait.  We got there at 6pm on Friday and had a half hour wait, people who came just after us were told the wait was going on an hour.  Still, I give them 5 stars, and we drive past three other really good AYCE options on the way here.
5	Great AYCE sushi. Tasty, large selection of nigiri and rolls, and friendly staff. This store's sister is Sushi Goyemon up in Spring Valley. Goyemon is also one of the highest rated sushi spots in town, and there is no percievable difference in the food, as they have the same menu and prices. Of course the actual chef could be having an off night or something that would make the quality suffer, but I've eaten at both locations multiple times and have never had that issue!Some of my favorites are the super white tuna (seriously, I could just eat 10 servings of this and call it a day), the sexy girl roll, and of course the $6 giant Sapporo beers.Inside is actually very small. I'd say something around 20 seats at the bar and about 10 tables. However, the longest I've had to wait is about 30 minutes and they will give you a call when a table or bar is ready.If you live nearby, get the AYCE club card or whatever they call it. Takes 10 meals to get a free one, but after going a few times with my girl we are almost already there as they count all diners as individual meals, not 1 for the group which is nice!
5	Need a sushi fix? Sushi Mon is an awesome AYCE sushi restaurant. I stop by here every time I'm in Vegas. It's quite small, however, the sushi here is really fresh and satisfies my sushi cravings! I almost always end up with a food coma whenever I'm here. However they do charge for uneaten portions.
4	I first came here for the 10-year anniversary, $10 special last year. I didn't really want to write something then because it may have been biased one way or another due to the occasion. Coming back here on a regular day, I felt the time was right to review.My friend and I got here at about 1:30pm on Friday afternoon, and it took a couple minutes for them to ready up one of the few open tables. They didn't give the impression of having the most organized service on this occasion. For example, it took waitress Joanna maybe 10 minutes to take our first order, and this was partially because she attended first to tables that were seated after us. Also, she somehow missed or forgot part of my first order, and my friend had to ask one person or another three times before finally getting a glass of water in addition to his tea (the first time was a simple omission error, but I'm not sure about the second). However, since we were doing all you can eat, there was ample opportunity for them to make it up later, and Joanna did very well in making sure that we got to place additional orders as we were finishing our plates. Also, good food speaks for itself, and this restaurant has fresh fish, a good ratio of fish/filling to rice, and fast prep time. The super white tuna and salmon nigiri were both excellent, the crab meat nigiri and snow crab meat nigiri were surprisingly enjoyable (and looked real enough), the dynamite lived up to the name, and the mussels were awesome. I also enjoyed the moon half-roll, the hurricane half-roll (had to try the priciest thing, right?), and the strawberry mochi ice cream (even though it's probably the one out of the box). My friend liked his volcano and sunrise half-rolls (and one other that I can't remember), and I made a new fan of super white tuna out of him.One more reference to that first visit: I vividly recall that the service was remarkably fast and attentive during the super-busy 10th anniversary. I would have liked to see it as fast today, but I guess that's the sacrifice of being able to lounge around for a couple hours (don't tell them I said this, but the 45 minute lunch limit as written on the menu can easily be ignored). Overall, this is as solid as any other AYCE sushi place in the Vegas area and I'd definitely recommend it if you're in the area.
5	Love this place!!! They have decent price for all-you-can-eat sushi. I normally don't like going to all you can eat sushi places because I feel like most are trying to cheat you by giving you rolls or sashimi packed with rice or a lot of sweet eel sauce or all the rolls are made of california rolls with different toppings. However, this place is not like that. Their rolls size are perfect, and they have variety of different rolls and sashimi and not all california rolls based. You can also order half orders so you can save your stomach for more tastings. The sushi chefs are japanese so it is def authentic. Make sure you ask for the stamp card where you can get your 11th meal free
5	I heard about this place from my parents.  When I had to opportunity to go to Vegas for a convention, I suggested it to my coworkers and we went to try it for dinner.  There was a line when we got there and the wait was about 40 minutes.  We weren't in a rush so we killed time by checking out the surrounding stores.  When we finally got our seats, we immediately told the waitress we wanted the AYCE sushi (all of us love sushi).  It was about $26 at the time.  The one thing that we didn't know going in was that you only have 1 hour for AYCE.  We ending up coming a second time and ordered a lot of plates at the beginning.  When we had eaten about half of the plates, we would order again.  That way, we could eat more and not get full as fast from waiting if you order one plate at a time.  I tried most of their specialty rolls (dragon, caterpillar, tiger, volcano, athena, etc.).  All delicious.  If they have it in stock, you can order sweet shrimp and salmon collar too.  One order per person though, even if you are doing AYCE.  The tempura ice cream was a nice dish to finish off the meal.  We all got our money's worth for sure (and then some).If you're ever in Las Vegas and have a craving for sushi, definitely consider coming here.  There's another place called 808 Sushi that's similar to Sushi Mon, but I don't think there's a time limit.  I'll have to check it out the next time I visit.
3	This place seems to be super packed all the time- which means the service is rushed with everyone snappy and out of breath. Sushi is good. Once, there was a hair in one roll and after informing our waitress, she apologized and brought back a bowl of tempura ice cream after the bill...which was cool. Because it's super packed, you are jam packed with other people like a can of sardines so it tends to get noisy.
5	I absolutely love this place! It would be my first go-to choice for sushi. They have a fairly big menu and the prices are pretty decent. I love variety so I always choose to have ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi.  You have to finish your order before you order the next roll.  That makes sense because it'd be such a waste of food, and of course no sharing.  Don't be cheap and ghetto and try to dish it off to your friends.  The prices are already fair as is.Service is fast and friendly.  I love their 911 roll! I have a pretty high tolerance for spices and this roll is so painfully delicious.  When it comes to a spicy tuna roll, I prefer the tuna well diced and mixed with chili sauce which is how Sushi Mon makes theirs.  I don't like the low end sushi style of a tuna roll with just a blob of spicy mayo on top.  Their LASAGNA ROLL is also a favorite.  Try it out.The last time I was there, I had apple/pear sake.  It was so good.  That says a lot from someone who rarely likes sake because of it's strong taste and burning sensation.  You definitely should give it a shot.Off topic - it's a small restaurant. You get the mom and pop shop vibe (which I love and appreciate) Seating is pretty limited.  They're usually busy so they don't take reservations. That's the only "bad" thing I'll say about the place. Just make sure you plan to wait a little bit if you decide to dine their during the naturally busy hours.Overall, I miss and love this place!
5	The quality of fish is amazing! The portions they serve are huge. The service is attentive and friendly! We find ourselves going back several times a month. I highly recommend Sushi Mon!
5	See my review of Goyemon just remove all mentions of pork belly. Great quality sushi + tempura ice cream = Perfect place for AYCE sushi.
5	This was out first time here.My bf & I were in town from HI. We heard about this place from family, so we figured we'd check it out...The service was fast and friendly & their fish was fresh, like back home.I'd definitely return.
3	I usually frequent the Sushi Mon over on the west side. But we were taking a friend to dinner that was staying on the strip. We thought the Maryland Pkwy location would be more convenient. The restaurant itself is considerably nicer, but I prefer the sushi selections better at the Sahara location. I like spicy rolls and the 911 was weak, and it was the hottest of them all. I also really missed the cinco de mayo. The sushi and nigiri we did have was fresh and pretty tasty, it just lacked that extra kick to elevate it. Service was friendly and quick.
4	Damn you sushimon, you got me good!  Was it the language barrier or you couldn't hear me behind the glass at the bar?  I specifically asked for HALF orders of 4 different rolls as my last and Final order of an hour long, sushi binge.  But what do you give me? 4 WHOLE rolls.  OMFG #gag#barf.  How am I supposed to finish this?!?  I wanted to cry, really.  Another hour and a half later or so, I slowly consumed everything...you did not defeat me this time around but I dare not challenge you again.
5	Still love this place! There is always a wait, even at 9pm on a Monday. Such great customer service and really fresh sushi.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. AYCE or not, best fish in town! the fish is soo fresh! it's a bit of a wait depending on your luck.. but worth the wait and the price. must haves during visit:- baked green mussels- yellowtail collar- cajun albacore nigiri - super white tuna nigiri- sexy girl roll- moment roll- yellowtail belly (check for specials)- salmon belly (check for specials)- lychee sorbet, green tea ice creamYUMM-MAYYY! trust me! the staff from sushi chiefs to waiters provide excellent service!
5	I always enjoy the great stuff from the regular menu, like super white tuna and salmon, but when I come here from now on, I'm going to read the AYCE specials board. My friend was the first to notice it, ordering beef tataki (nigiri) for all. When I turned to face the board, toro caught my eye immediately, so I got the max order of 1 per person for both medium toro and garlic seared toro (both nigiri also). Another friend got garlic edamame (actually not quite as good as Yama's, sorry), and I discovered the yellowtail collar, which I remember someone recently raving about (and hilariously referring to it as "chin").I've gotta admit that the medium toro was obviously not every connoisseur's favorite fatty otoro cut, but it was still pretty nice. The garlic seared version, however, was absolutely delicious. So were the beef tataki, a tender morsel that is probably what pho meat should be, and the yellowtail collar, which was, in a word, succulent. It was not dry like you'd sometimes find in cooked fish. It was flavorful. And my fingers still smell of fish, which is a good thing for me. Although I can't remember having yellowtail collar specifically before, this is now my baseline reference for the future.Couple other things that I tried were the cajun albacore (pretty good, probably not the best), the sushimon-style lasagna roll, the twist being that crisp cucumber in the middle, the sexy girl roll, which I probably could not have endured more than one spicy piece of, and the tempura ice cream, which is exactly the contrast of temperatures, textures, and flavors that you'd expect.After dinner tonight, I've decided that this is head and shoulders above most of the other local AYCE sushi joints. The one exception might be Sushi House Goyemon, its sister restaurant that probably also has specials and actually has better desserts (note to self: suck it up and make the drive to Goyemon again one of these days). Sushi lovers, make this a must-stop destination and be prepared to be amazed.
5	Oh.my.balls.I really want to end my review with just that, but I can't. Because some omnipotent authoritative figure will strike me down and put me 6 feet underground. Because Sushi Mon deserves a damn good review. Because this place is FAWKING. AMAZING.I've been to Oyshi (http://www.yelp.com/biz/oyshi-sushi-las-vegas) a few months back, and now i've got my chance to feast with a few good friends at Sushi Mon. These two restaurants alone dominate the AYCE sushi game in Vegas. And they are both dericious. But a good friend said "Oyshi does Rolls really well. Sushi Mon does sushi really well. so it all comes down to what you like." I couldn't have said it better myself. Anyone who's been a long time fan of AYCE sushi knows that these type of places sacrifice quality for quantity. C'mon pal, it's all you can eat sushi. In a perfect world... amirite?THE SKINNY: ironically, if you come to Sushi Mon, you won't be leaving very skinny. There are REALLY BAD all-you-can-eat sushi places, and there are REALLY GOOD all-you-can-eat sushi places. There is very few in-betweens, and really, why would you want to settle for less? you're better than that. LET'S HAVE SOME SELF RESPECT!Sushi Mon is one of those REALLY GOOD ayce places. I know most of my ayce sushi reviews have been 4 to 5 stars...but have you ever wondered why? because I don't settle, and neither should you! But after going to sushi mon, i dont know man. It's really raising the bar. (Although nothing beats Kami. http://www.yelp.com/biz/kami-tustin R.I.P Kami.)The Food:Okay so for your sake and mine, I will keep this brief. Fish quality, yeah it's fresh, real fresh (makes you wonder how they do it...i mean, they are in the dessert afterall...) They have specials that i assume changes daily, and they are amazing. Yellowtail belly? keep em' coming! Conch? hell yes. Sushi mon have some sushi items that are not on any list i've ever seen.  although be warned: they put a small, small bit of wasabi to hold the fish to the rice. If you hate that...well...um...THEY HAVE DESSERT! :D It's part of the all you can eat menu. now that's amazing. I think that's what all my girlfriend ate...her: "baby can you order me red bean ice cream?" her: "baby can you order me another green tea ice cream? oh! with strawberry mochi ice cream please!" Me: "excuse me miss, can i get another strawberry mochi ice cream please? and an order of tempura ice cream for myself-"her: "oh i want one of those too!" me: "...make that two."Story of my life...by the way, lychee sorbet, talk about a home run. and i don't even play baseball. They have an extensive appetizer menu, that's all on the list for all you can eat, which really sets them apart from a lot of places. Salmon Collar? bring me like 20 please.To really go the extra mile (which is also ironic because we drove 200+ miles to get to vegas...I think i'm using irony wrong) , they have this topping menu that you can order from to accompany any of your orders. Quail egg, masago, orgasm sauce...dont ask. I didnt. (Just like my underwear, this section wasn't really brief, now was it?)*notice i didn't really talk about the rolls. :x my buddies went at that, i stuck to the nigiri. beause i'm a hipster. whateeeever*The Service:I'm more use to the aptly named "southern california" version of all you can eat sushi, which refers to a checklist that you can give to the waitress. Why Sushi Mon or Oyshi never adapted to this is beyond me. It makes life so much easier! But in both Sushi Mon and Oyshi, their waiters and waitresses will go up to you and write down what you're ordering. Needless to say, that poor lady was standing at our table for a good 10 minutes taking our orders. You come here. Come here now. Oh what? you can't decide between a vegas-style buffet, Oyshi, or Sushi Mon? FIRST WORLD PROBLEMS.
4	This is one of my favorite sushi places! Some of the best in town for sure. The only downfall is the restaurant is small & a little uncomfortable.
4	Great attentive friendly service. AYCE sushi. Take note that sashimi not included. Read the house rules before you order or else you might be charge more. Came here for lunch for the all you can eat for $ 23 tax included without gratuity. Had the tako salad which was a bit salty. The sushi were fresh and generous amount of fish on top of the rice. The rolls come in half orders just tell the sushi chef. Overall it was a pleasant and refreshing experience to dine here.
5	BEST AYCE sushi in Vegas. Not fancy (save that for the over priced hotel sushi  joints), but fresher and actually more fun!  Fresh fresh fresh fish. Cant wait to go back.
5	Fish is fresh and has great color,  The service is good the restaurant is always packed.  Everytime we have gone we have to wait 20-30 mins till we get a table.  All you can eat with a stamp card.  10 visits and the nexty time is on them.  I am down.  Every time i have sushi i start out with 10 orders of Super White and 5 garlic tuna then i tell the sushi master to keep it coming and let him choose.  Always a good time with a shot!!!  Kanpai!!
5	Only place in vegas that I know that offers all you can eat dessert too. I always get my fill of mochi ice cream here.  This is a small interior so it fills up fast. Sushi is super fresh, with nice fish to rice ratio where you are actually eating fish, not rice. If the uni and fresh shrimp is done right, the place is 5 stars in my book.  This was my favorite place until Goyemon opened up, which I only prefer due to location, but is well worth the drive if you want to pig out on ayce mochi ice cream too.
5	Fish was fresh and cut in decently thick (read: not paper thin) slices.  We had salmon belly, tuna, seared tuna, super white tuna, scallop, snow crab meat, unagi, amaebi, uni, and more that I don't remember (3 guys ate about 45+ orders) and there were basically no complaints.  Service was pretty fast, despite a mostly packed house.  Orgasm sauce was unique and tasty, but it kills the purity of the nigiri.  Best AYCE sushi I've had and good enough quality for non-AYCE.
5	We love this place! Great environment, fresh fish, lots of choices.Oh, and that pesky 45 minute time limit? Don't worry about it, our waiter told us as long as we're in and out within 2 hours that it won't be an issue. We filled our bellies up with nigiri and half orders of rolls and still had room left over for 2 orders of tempura ice cream, 4 orders of green tea ice cream, and several mochi ice cream =D Not bad for 2 girls and a kid! All in all, we saved about half off the menu price by going AYCE - score!P.S. Avoid the other Sushi Mon NW of Vegas, it's not the same in quality or taste.
1	Gee...what a place to wasted money and time!!We drove from LA and got there around 1:00pm and parked in front of the restaurant meant lucky? Hell no!!! We heard it's better to pay for all-you-can-eat lunch($21.95), which was really a bad start. We had about 10 sushi rolls there, then they(chefs waiters) pretend didn't see us at all. Foods showed up really slow and rice tasted kinda bad enough(hard and not stick together). Anyway, just save your hard earned money(gasoline $$ & $21.95 lunch or $26.95 dinner after 4pm), because there are tons of Japanese restaurant for just sushi rolls or sashimi in LA. Btw, they don't even desired tips($10) or a star from us. So I  highly don't recommended this place in Las Vegas.
4	This place is Great!! Sit at the bar and get the AYCE ... Only problem with this place is that it's small, so sometimes it's hard to get a seat.
5	Very good all-you-can-eat spot. Fish is fresh and good selection on menu
4	Recommended by Lisa C. and Jacob H. ... came here for lunch during my Yelp Spring Break weekend  and all i have to say is WOW, so good! Lunch price is $22, Dinner is $27.AYCE nigiri, sushi rolls, appetizers, side dishes, and desserts! The fish was fresh and the service was pretty fast. The day we were there, they had salmon belly nigiri.. oh man, i don't know how many pieces I have ate. onto the dessert, we had a choice of fried ice cream, black sesame mochi, lychee sorbet, and green tea ice cream. The lychee sorbet was so refreshing! the fragrance of the lychee was just unbelievably good! Each bite i took was so delicious, and it had lychee jelly in them too! I had two of this dessert .. i could have eaten extra scoops if i wanted to... but i stopped myself, cuz i shouldn't be greedy. Gotta let other customers have some! Man, thinking about it now is making me salivate. I want to go back! If you come during dinner, they also have many more special side / appetizers dishes and sushi.  Also you'll get to order uni and sweet shrimp! Although it is a little out of the way from the Las Vegas Strip, i wouldnt mind visiting Sushi Mon again. Maybe I'll come here on the way to vegas before i check in ... or on the way back home.Nonetheless, Sushi Mon, YOU will see me again! Next time.. it'll be for dinner!
5	Wow, first of all, I'm from Socal and I didn't expect to find a gem of a sushi joint like this in vegas.Didn't feel like paying big bucks for overrated pricey sushi joints on the strip, so we decided to hit this place up as a recommendation from a friend.I was blown away by how many items they had on their AYCE menu. Suppppper thrilled to order every single item possible to try.Their nigiri was superb because the fish was really fresh and sweet. The best has to be the white tuna! The sweet shrimp and uni definitely had to be my favorite, and it sucked that you can only order it once.All their rolls were very unique and each one satisfied my tastebuds. The best part was that they allowed half orders on the rolls, so you can try more!The icing on the cake was the selection of ice cream at the end. From tempura, to mochi, to red bean... It was heavenCan't wait to come back to Vegas in 2 weeks and hit up this spot again. BEST AYCE sushi I've ever had, and that's coming a lot from someone who's had multiple hot spots in socal. THUMBS WAY UP
3	It was my favorite all you can eat Japanese restaurant before. Nice sushi...Japanese people are famous for their service but not this one...The situation is getting worse and worse...please spend some time to review my uploaded picture...they are slow and impolite...refuse to let us know some food is sold out an hour later we ask them where are the food( we do not know if it is really sold out because we can see other people having it) ... SLOWSLOWSLOW...look at the ice cream...did they give us leftover from other table? Won't go again. Goyemon is still okay, hopefully Goyemon will not act like its sister company.
3	The sushi was good but I think the ambiance kills it. I had to wait 30-45 min for me and my husband on a weekday and even though I liked that they served you super fast, I felt like I was rushed so that other people can use our seats. I like to eat sushi in a relaxed kind of place, to be able to have nice conversations with people that I'm with. I might come back though maybe in some off-peak time.
4	Pretty good sushi here. Service is friendly.  AYCE.  I'd avoid all the baked stuff because it is pretty heavy.  Well, if you want to try something, order a half portion.  Other than that, can't go wrong here.  Like everybody else is saying, it's good!  Appetizers and dessert included!  I'll be looking forward to coming back here again next time we're in Vegas.
4	Love this place! must have the all you can eat for 28$ it's time limited though you have 1 hour but that's enough time. Their rolls are good and love the shumai and the shrimp tempura. The only crappy thing about this place is waiting during busy hours its busy to where you would wait 30-1 hour well worth it though pretty cheap and its all you can eat sushi.
4	Good food at good prices. tiny shop, gets full real fast.
3	My husband and I ventured away from "The Strip" in Vegas and found Sushi Mon. The service was amazing. The sushi chef welcome us with open arms and explained everything to us about the "All You Can Eat" Sushi menu and let us order one roll at a time to ensure we would be getting the best "bang for our buck." We didn't need the AYCE menu, though -- if I ate more than three bites without getting full, it would be an amazing deal. We got the takoyaki, spicy tuna hand rolls, and octopus salad. The octopus salad was absolutely delicious. The takoyaki was a little much for me. The spicy tuna hand rolls just weren't what I was used to, but the fish was extremely fresh. The food I ordered wasn't my favorite, but I think that was more my error than anything. The man next to me was ordering the most amazing food and I wish we would have just tagged along with him. If I could go back, I would have definitely ordered the salmon collar. It looks beautiful! The lychee sorbet made my heart smile as did the service. I would be happy to try this place again! Their prices are definitely fair and their food is good!
5	A must do while in Vegas - white tuna is amazing. All the fish are fresh and they taste and smell fresh. Service is great. AGAIN, if you are in LV and have a car, GO HERE!!!!! You will not regret it.
5	Sushi, sushi, sushi. The secret is to literally starve the whole day if you are gonna eat some afterwork with friends so you can get the full benefit of all you can eat.  The trick is the rice that fills you up quick.  This place is excellent for your sushi cravinigs.  The wait between orders of sushi is a little long but it's worth it and understandable when the place is busy.  The sushi rolls aren't just rice with minimalist fill. It's appropriate to what you order.  All you can eat sushi is incomplete without edemame, wasabi, and soy sauce on the side.  You have to have miso soup to wrap it all up toward the end of your sushi session.  It's a nice cozy joint and the staff are friendly.  Recommend: Spicy Tuna roll, ahi poke, 911 roll, 007 roll, miso soup, teriyaki bowl, unagi, and screaming orgasm.
5	All-you-can-eat, made-to-order, delicious and fresh sushi for $25.  Best.  Sushi.  Eh-var.  It's not the on strip, so every time my husband and I want to come here we have to find it again, but it's SO WORTH IT.  Great selection, great quality...I don't know what else to say to convince you to ignore all other sushi places on the strip and just come here.
4	What's that? All you can eat sushi? SIGN ME UP. Coming from Rhode Island, then living in San Diego for years, of course I was hesitant about sushi in a desert. WRONG. It was absolutely AMAZING. Being the little adventurer I am, I of course ordered the usual favorites, but then started venturing off and trying things I wouldn't have tried in a million years. Was not disappointed by a single. one. absolutely stellar food.
5	Excellent, high quality, fresh sushi. Good variety of sushi choices. Very friendly staff.
2	I don't think I'll be going back here again. The food was SO bad. I was practically forcing myself to eat. I ordered 2 dishes and couldn't take anymore. My friend, who I apologized to multiple times afterwards for agreeing to eat here with me, kept getting evil stares from the waiters and chefs. I could tell they didn't like him because they would ignore him or never give him respectful eye contact when talking, but would turn around and smile brightly at me and give me almost flirtatious looks. Creeped me out!
3	I have such a hard time talking about this place. It's not my favorite place to go to but then it again it has some items that I absolutely love there. So let's talk about what I normally order and we'll go from there.Salmon collar: Yepp, you read it right, salmon collar. This is the only place in Vegas that I know of that has this dish and when it's done correctly, it's so fabulous. Salmon collar is the cheek of the salmon. So you get this salmon flavor fatty part that is just so tender and literally melts in your mouth. It's done with a miso glaze here and again, when it's right (not too salty, which is usually most of the time) is just delicious. I swear  by this dish with a side of white rice, very asian of me. I will admit that I will come here just for this dish.Green salad: Oh yah. I don't know what is in the dressing but it's one of my favorite dressing. I usually order a side of it to take home because I'll dress all my salads with this dressing if I could. So bright and refreshing.Shrimp head miso: It's not on the menu so you gotta tell them shrimp head miso. It just adds just the right about of brine and salt to the miso. You don't have to eat the shrimp head but it's worth the try. You're in Vegas, right?Nebakyaki udon: Served in a clayish pot and pretty darn good. I love udon but there's something different about it that makes me crave it. And when I crave udon, this is the udon that will cure my cravings. The only thing that I still find soooooooooooo odd and needs to be changed is, you CANNOT have this to go. I guess it's that hard for the owners to order big to go cups. I hope changes soon because I would have this soup more often if I could take it home.All baked rolls: Okay, I going to let you all in on a small secret, I don't eat anything raw. I know, I know, don't judge me. But the good news is I can tell you that about the cooked stuff. No? Still not a good excuse? Well, deal with it. But, again, all the baked sushi is good there. Sometimes you just want to be unhealthy and break the cycle and have some cream cheese on my sushi. Speaking of, try the Frying Jason roll, one of my favorites here.Now, the not so fun part, SERVICE. Where is the customer service? This place is the worst when it comes to service, minus the sushi chefs. ALL the servers there are so incompetent. They never seem to know whose section is whose. We get asked for water at least twice, I guess it's better than nothing, no one comes to check on you and you HAVE TO FIND anyone if you want to order more food, especially when you have the all you can eat. I wish they were just hire people that knew how to be servers. You're job is to be helpful, bring food to the table and check up on your guest, is it that hard for you to do? You're not in a fine dining restaurant, can you at least manage to be helpful?If this place didn't have the few items that I can't seem to find at any other sushi place, I wouldn't come here. But, if you're lucky and come when there's no lunch or dinner rush, you'll find this place to be just that, okay.Ciao and until next time, happy eating everyone :)
5	It's not too spacious but the food pretty good. Not a fancy smancy sushi place but the quality is scrumptious. They have a picture menu where you can actually see the rolls you are going to order. The all you can eat ($24 lunch- $28 dinner) is worth going for. There are no limits to their desert. They have Mango, Strawberry, Vanilla, and CHOCOLATE mochi. The tempura ice cream is to die for since it's fried ice cream! They also allow you to get half rolls which is a plus!They wait might be long, but once you are seated and place an order, It is super fast and friendly. They played good music and bathrooms were clean. I would recommend people to come eat here :-{D!
5	Heard great things about this place and driving by it weekly on the way to my brother's house... Came here for the Lunch AYCE option, it wasn't that busy when we came around 12PM, got seated for 6 and had our drink order taken right away. The sushi menu and quality was exceptional. I think I fell in love with their Unagi and Cajun Tuna? .. or maybe it was salmon. *shrug*I even got a stamp card since I'm the local and managed to get 6 stamps per my out-of-town friends :D
5	Now I know why people drive from North LV it is so worth it! Top of the line sushi! Right on par with sushi with my boys in Cali!
5	Great place for all you can eat sushi, ingredients are fresh and tasty. My family loves this place, service is friendly and fast. Many creative sushi rolls as well as your basic rolls, good made to order food, fresh seafood and good desserts. Cant get any better than that.
3	Fresh nigiri was good. The baked rolls had way too much cream cheese; it was overpowering. The rice was overcooked and burnt. The wait was too long and there were not enough sushi chefs working.
5	Everyone can argue which AYCE sushi is best in Sin City but in my sushi-venturing tenure, Mon is the best. (Note: OPINION)This is the sister franchise of the renowned Goyemon, in which I was disappointed with in terms of service. There is practically no difference other than the infrastructure  because they serve practically the same rolls with maybe some minor differences.Every visit I've had here, they have been on top of their service. The servers tend to lack personalities but who needs personality when you have great service? I routinely begin my rolls with the Volcano, which can take a bit longer but Mon takes a reasonable 5 minutes max as to Goyemon which took approximately 20 minutes. Why such a discrepancy? No excuse other than terrible service.My favorites: Volcano, sexy girl, ecstasy, philadelphia, hurricane, 911(warning: very spicy hence, the name), cynthia, & stacy.All cooked to near perfection and delight. Fresh avocado, fish, rice, etc.Some tips:- Order by half rolls unless you have a large party. I'm sure you're here to stuff yourselves but you should take advantage of the diversity of the rolls you can get with an AYCE menu. Diversity over quantity.- Make your order subsequently to receiving. Start with one roll then once it arrives, order your next so that you don't have to wait long periods of time cause sushi does take some meticulous care to make.- Chew slowly! Since sushi has rice, it has a lot of carbs. No need to be rapid since you get all you can eat cause the faster you eat, the more carbs you consume which fills up your stomach.- Get a stamp card! Whether or not you're an out of town visitor, you're destined to come back since it's so good and every 10 stamps is one free AYCE meal. They really do accumulate, especially when you come with big parties. Don't forget to leave some room(I doubt it) for dessert! They serve green tea ice cream, mochi ice cream (strawberry & vanilla, lychee, etc. Overall, I truly enjoy being a local here. You can never go wrong with an endless selection of sushi.
4	This is a quality neighborhood sushi joint. The service was very friendly and prompt, the fish fresh, and the $26.99 AYCE for dinner was a great deal. We had several rolls: sexy girl, athena, tiger, and 911 (which was disappointingly un-spicy). For nigiri we opted for uni (limit one per person for ayce), salmon, scallop and tuna.  We also had two orders of their calamari which was great. All in all the food was fresh, service friendly and on point. I am marking one star off because Athena roll was bland and 911 roll was not as spicy as advertised.
5	Great service, great food, great place. Love this place. I have been going here since they opened. Consistent yumminess. My only complaint is that it is slammed on the weekends.
5	We went here with the expectation of being slightly hustled. Was I ever wrong. The service is very friendly and efficient. The sushi chef, Jilson, was very helpful with our ordering. Half rolls are the way to go. The fish is fresh and tasty. The place is spotless. Restrooms are very clean. New favorite sushi place. Highly recommended. Go and eat here.
2	Well I have no idea why this business has a good rating, the sushi was some of the worst I had in vegas.... The rice was falling apart in the soy sauce that I was dipping it into like i've never seen before.  My girlfriend got a tamago sashimi and she said it wasn't that good at all.  The sushi was prepared pretty quickly and the waiters were alright, although He forgot to refill my drink the whole time and we had to wait for the check for awhile... it wasn't even that busy also.   All these 5 stars are baffling to me, this place isn't even close to that.  OH and also I got an appetizer and I didn't get it into I was done with 2 rolls of sushi.... so I wont be going here again, i'll stick to my regular places.
5	I...don't know why I haven't written a review for this place yet. How weird. This is definitely what I consider to be my gold standard when it comes to AYCE sushi. For $35 (dinner) this is definitely a bargain...especially since the quality is up there.I hate to admit...but their rolls are pretty amazing. I'm usually not a fan of rolls but their sexy girl and ecstasy rolls were my favorites. Their selection of nigiri sushi is pretty good. Don't forget to look at their specials...those are usually too good to pass up! Did I mention I'm a fan of their tempura ice cream? Soooo good! And I'll be honest, service here sucks (go figure). They're slow as heck but you definitely get your money's worth (and then some) so whatevers. I'll overlook the poor service this time.
1	Worste manager ever!! Went on a double date here and we walked in about 7pm ona Sunday, we asked how long the wait was and he looked at us up& down and said 2 hours! The place wasnt even packed. We were averaging about 3 times a week coming here so we asked to order food to go. In the order all we wanted  changed was instead of regularSalads we wanted cucomber salads. The waitrsses ALWAYS do it forUs with a small upcharge of $3. When the manager rang us up,He tried charging us a extra $30!! We are not cheap what so ever, but the size of the salads can fit into the palm of 1 hand. We kindly explain to him that we neverGet charged that much. His answer "no your lieing, we never do that!" I told our friends "f*ck this the food isn't worth this rude prick! & DEFINitly let's take our $$ elsewhere"No where is food good Enough for anyone to put up with DISRESPECTFUL people. My bf is a huge guy, this mother f**ker is so lucky he didn't pick up one of the bar stools and hit him over The head with it. WE WILL NEVER RETURN AGAIN. If your looking for a AMAZING sushi spot where the cooks drink with you & are tons of fun go to SUMO SUSHI off warm springs & durango. They play all the top 40 hits & great hip hop :) they are never rude & the 25 min drive from our house is completely worth it :)
3	ayce!!! sushi is good everytime i come at least 2x a month. Only if their service could be just as good as their sushi.
5	Hands down the best AYCE sushi experience anywhere.  I wish i can say i have joked about making the trek from Los Angeles out to LV just for this sushi but it has happened!  We always have to visit Sushi Mon whenever Vegas happens.  This is not cheap, poor quality, limited option, endless up-charge sushi either. It is impossible to try everything here even on multiple visits since they always have new offerings. Your options are close to 100 and include hot items like baked mussels and gyoza and desserts like mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream.  You can order half rolls too so you can try more of a variety.  I have never seen fresh scallops, sweet shrimp, uni, halibut, and sometimes toro all  on a AYCE menu.  The best part of it all is lunch is about $27 with tax/tip and dinner is just a few bucks more!  I am sure we easily would pay double since they amount of food and the quality is on par with $100 sushi experience at any of my normal spots in the South Bay.  On top of this they give you a punch card so after 10 AYCEs you get one for free!  BONUS!!! So yes it is worth the trip, the gas, and the experience!
5	my favorites: - white tuna- fresh scallops- salmon bellyconsistently great quality!
5	Hands down the best Sushi in Las Vegas. All you can eat for 28.00 for dinner. Best place for a balla on a budget! Forget about the overpriced Sushi places on the strip! I wish it was bigger tho.
5	Tried a few other AYCE places here in Las Vegas and this Sushi Mon is still the go to spot.  I've introduced many of my friends from So Cal and they always make a special trip out here when they are in town.  The fish is fresh and the cuts are amazing.  Very friendly service each time and they don't balk if you go over you 1 hour.  I highly recommend this place and I'm upgrading it to 5 stars because of the consistency of the staff, food and portions each time I come to Sushi Mon.  I has not changed in the 1 1/2 year that I've been coming.  Keep up the great work.**Not to mention they have a frequent eater card, buy 10 get 1 free**
4	First of all, I love sushi.  Feeding my bottomless pit a huge amount of sushi is beyond love.  After work, I'd work out at the gym across the street from here so I can feel not-so-guilty for over-eating.  Though it's a small place, this is better than the one on Sahara.  They have fresher fish and better cuts.  Super white tuna!!!  Word of caution: eat super white tuna in moderation as they have a laxative effect.If you're a lightweight or if you're not a huge sushi fan, they have a good regular menu.  By the way, Sushi Mon is on the 50 Must Eats in Las Vegas list.
5	The guys that deliver water are very nice and the sushi chefs are totally awesome!  The waitresses never have a personality and won't speak to you at all if you don't ask them a specific question.One of the sushi chefs recently went way out of his way to help me out when my bill was like $30 more than it should have been.  Without his help I don't think they would have ever gotten it right!The sushi is great. The chicken is not.  The lunch specials are a great deal!
3	This place is typical. Nothing really too good. It's realistically good enough for the amount you are paying. The waitress though made a comment when we ordered a lot from the "all you can eat" menu.  One other note -- not very clean!!
5	I have finally returned since writing my first Yelp review.  I really love this place and really wanted the opportunity to review them.  Tonight, I finally have that opportunity.  I suggested this place to a friend of mine for some drinks and Japanese food.I arrived at the location and to my surprise, it was empty!  No line, no waiting, no headache.  SCORE!  I chose to sit at a table of two rather than the sushi bar.  the tables are a little close from the others, however, I've learned to deal with that from my frequent past visits.  The servers are clean, wear all black and really pays attention to the need of their customers.  I appreciate them coming around often to fill up my water, or clearing any plates and debris from the table.  Makes me feel special :)Tonight my friend got a $10 Teriyaki chicken dinner plate.  Added was my meal:  A bowl of salted edamame, an appetizer of the Yellowtail collar, a bowl of the California salad, a larger Sapporo beer and a large hot sake.   Everything mentioned above came to $52.00 with tax and ample tip.  The edamame was lightly salted and not overpowering.  It came out so warm, I was in heaven!  My favorite thing, hands down, about Sushimon is the Yellowtail or Hamachi collar.  Literally, a grilled piece of the fish collar area, close to the head.  The collar is packed with fish meat, marbleized and full of smokey flavor goodness!  This dish is served with a lemon wedge, a little fish roe and a soy-vinegar dipping sauce.  I literally take my time on this dish.  It's so good!  Every bite offers such a euphoric experience for me, I became super sad on the last bite LOL. It was the first time I've tried the California salad.  This was AH-MAZE-ING!  Start off with a spring mix accompanied with a mustard/ginger dressing.  On the top of the salad is sliced avocado, yum, shrimp and crab meat-lots of it!  It was soo filling and so fresh.  This is a must try in my book.  The crab meat was everywhere, fanned out shrimp and long slivers of avocado.  Every bite was better than the rest!  I had a great night here as I always tend to do.  Lots of great food, great service and an intimate space that allows you to really enjoy the company around you.  Definitely need to check this place out.  It's in the middle of a busy part of town and super accessible.  You will not be disappointed!!!
5	Definitely worth all the hype! The quality was great and we stuffed our faces.Favorite rolls:EctasySeared salmon!!!Less favorite:Snow carb GROSS, stay away!Tips: -get your name in because there will be a wait-come with multiple people so you can split stuff and try a lot-my favorite place about this place is that it allows half orders so u can try different things, so take advantage of it!
4	After enjoying Goyemon we were looking forward to trying Sushi Mon (Henderson, not the separately-owned Sushi Mon on Sahara) since it's closer to our house.  It's quite a tiny place and was decorated for Halloween - fun!  We waited about 25 minutes for a table for four on a Friday night (not too bad), and it was worth it.  My husband and brother-in-law got the AYCE and my sister and I shared Ecstacy (spicy tuna and avocado) and Sexy Girl (shrimp tempura, albacore, with smelt eggs on top) rolls.  The tempura-battered calamari was calling to me, so I answered, wondering what tempura-battered calamari would taste like.  I can't recall what the guys ordered/ate 'cause they were crazily ordering/eating gleefully and giggling when their sushi was placed before them.  Fresh, fresh fish (the calamari was outstanding!)!  Waiters were on it and the sushi chefs were very quickly filling orders - must be hard to keep up!  Definitely will visit again.
5	I can't believe I have never written a review for Sushimon!This was my go to place for AYCE sushi...when I lived on this side of town, I would come all the time, and even after I moved, I would make the 45min drive for excellent and fresh sushi.I have ran into a new favorite though, which is still a sister company of sushimon, and a little more centrally located.So what makes sushimon one of the best in town?Fresh fish, fast service, and most importantly, YELLOWTAIL COLLARS!Yellowtail collars are easily one of the best fish pieces I have ever consumed.  In the AYCE setup, you are limited to one, but it is what makes me drive all the way out here...it is seriously that good.  You HAVE to order it, especially if you go with the AYCE menu.  One of the most tender parts of the fish and packed with flavor.I am a nigiri kind of guy, although we do order rolls every once in a while, but everything I have came into contact with is super tastey and fresh.  They have plenty of sides to order as well, such as tempura options and baked mussels.They also have good deals on pitchers of Sapporo which is a nice touch.Give it a go!
1	We use to eat here all the time when it first opened and it being only 3 mins away from home. My wife is Japanese and according to her the quality of their sushi dropped significantly, even my teenage son says their fish was bloody. We no longer go there.
5	Hurricane roll was outstanding, I generally shy away from all you can eat sushi restaurants but this was very good.  Well priced and sushi is fresh.
5	This place has to be the best "AYCE" spot in vegas...I am a sushi fiend and nothing satisfies or competes with the selection you get here. Service has never been a let down, but if you do decide to show up with a big party, do expect to wait a little bit. Sushi is fresh as it gets, and i cant resist their side dishes either! Grilled yellowtail collars, the best baked green mussels, fried shumai, fried shrimp heads, and dont forget the fried (tempura) ice cream! The list goes on and on!Hands down the #1 sushi spot!One Love!
4	Went for a late lunch during mid-week....about 2:45pm....and there was a 20 min wait...nuf said...food, presentation and service all very good
4	Been eating hear since '04 .. Used to get mad at the all-u-can eat and they'd get mad if your baby ate and tell u no... Well the kids 8 now and we usually get take out anyway.. Only had a problem once and they fixed it .. Now big deal.. Nice staff good prices and good sushi. Spouse is Japanese and sushi mon gets the approval for good sushi! Oh and they have a sushi bar and usually a game on especially Monday night football.
2	Where do I even begin?! Came in with my two siblings and three kids - all under the age of 7.  Was told that there was an hour wait for a party of six when there were two empty tables right in front of us.  After suggesting he combine the two, the greeter (Taku?) said the best he can do is to separate us - three ayce at the bar and the three kids at a table.  Are you kidding me?  How much does a little common sense cost us now a days huh?  They're kids for crying out loud!Why I decided to stay is beyond me.  The service here is painfully slow.  Ordered two chicken katsu combos and a chicken teriyaki bowl for the kids and seriously, it took them 15 minutes to come out with the miso soup alone!  You can just imagine how long it took them to come out with their food.   Also, the wait time for our sushi was just the same if not longer.  Seriously, waiting more than 30 minutes for food is just too much.  Chop, chop!So ayce... You can't share food, I get it.  But when my 5-year-old nephew wants a bite of my ice cream, gosh dang it, he can have a bite of my ice cream.  The need for our server, Jean, to act like it's the end of the world is just crazy.  Relax girl, just charge me an extra $3, not a big deal.  The service here could be much better.  Shame.  One star for the food and another for the all you can eat ice cream that comes with it.
4	Great AYCE sushi place. I went for lunch. A smaller establishment than other AYCE sushi places in vegas but still solid fish. They have a 45 minute time limit, but they didn't seem to enforce it since it took them about 20 minutes to get the first set of rolls out. The salmon belly was amazing. The sushi rice was a bit  blah and I got tired of it really fast. The yellowtail was also very fresh as well. In addition, great rolls and very different from the standard fare.
4	Tonight was the first night I have ever been to Sushi Mon..finally!!! The place is very small but it's open late which I like...it was about 10pm when we arrived and the place was full. We sat at the sushi bar and the staff was very friendly. I ordered 3 rolls..all very tasty and fresh. I really liked that you can order half of a roll if you don't think you can eat a whole roll..and for the price it was a great deal. For 3 rolls, 2 drinks and a salad it was $27. The only thing I didn't like..it didn't seem like they had a big selection of rolls without eel sauce..but that's just me being picky. Still liked it and would go back!
4	This place definitely has a huge AYCE menu. Loved the variety! =)We came promptly when they opened at 11am on a Monday and the restaurant was already have full!  I came at the recommendation of a coworker and he had suggested that I try the yellowtail collar. Unfortunately they don't serve that at lunch. Three of us  ordered off the AYCE menu and the fourth person ordered ala carte. I'm so glad that Sushi Mon doesn't have that rule that everyone has to order AYCE at the table. It is also really cool too that we can order half rolls so we can try a lot more things on the menu.  We tried so many different rolls, appetizers, nigiri sushi, I can't even remember them all. What I do remember is that almost everything tasted pretty fresh, some of the rolls were really unique and they have AYCE mochi and ice cream for dessert too. Score! We were rushing to make sure that we could eat under the 1 hour time limit at lunch, but after awhile we realized that the waiters were pretty relaxed about it. Food came out relatively fast after we ordered and the servers were pretty prompted about filling water and taking more orders. Paid about $27 (including tax and tip) for AYCE lunch. Sushi Mon is definitely better then some of the AYCE sushi places in Cali!
1	I think this place stinks because of the absolutely horrible service.  Let me explain:Went there Dec 26th at 7:30PM.  I expected there to be a wait which is no big deal.  However, after standing around for 15 minutes at the counter and having some rude people cut in line to get a table, I went to the front to ask the host where I can write down my name.  He just answered that the wait was 40 minutes to an hour.  He was quite rude and didn't even make eye contact with me.  When I asked how the person that just came got a table, he just repeated that he was very busy.  The sushi bar had 5 chairs available so I asked if I could sit there.  He then looked at me and said that there are tons of people waiting.  I look around and there are 3 others.  Oh yeah, there were three others that were waiting before me and when they saw the line cutters get their seats, they left immediately without saying a word.  I on the other hand left using some expletives. The fish might be good but I don't need to be mistreated and will take my business somewhere else.
4	The best all you can eat sushi? Almost sounds like and oxymoron.
4	First of all I would like to recommend this place start taking reservations. Our group lost 2 members due to some confusion about wait time. We were told 1 hour and really only waited 20 minutes. AYCE sushi should warrant a wait (as in 4 laps around the parking lot before you are allowed to sit down) and sushi is prepared fresh--- no rolls sitting under fluorescent lights here!Started with seaweed salad, which was followed by;Mingus rollDomingo rollYebisu rollJala Jala rollHurricane rollEcstasy rollRed dragon rollPastel rollMusselsa few nigiri rolls (yellow tail, halibut)along with smelt/quail egg rollMy stomach hurt so good that I somehow managed to have a bite of strawberry mochi!!Dinner was about $26 a person (beverage not included), well worth the wait.
3	Good, fresh fish. Sat at the bar and received decent service as the sushi chef made eye contact often to see if we needed anything else. Deducted a star for the hair found in my ginger toward the end of my meal.
5	The best option at Sushi Mon is of course the all you can eat.  You can eat as much as you can for 45 minutes or so.  I love this place b/c the sushi is super fresh and well prepared.  You can tell by examining the cuts of salmon -- Sushi Mon's salmon is some of the best I've had.  If you're not w/ a big group, I would suggest sitting at the bar b/c you can request orders directly to the sushi chef w/o having to tell the waiters/waitresses.  Sushi Mon has the special rolls, but I love the plain sashimi on nigiri rice rolls.  You have to try the salmon, tuna, and surf clam.  A specialty this restaurant has that no other place has is the sea urchin and sweet shrimp on rice.  These are only served at dinner and you can only order one order per person per all you can eat check.  It's sooooo good mainly b/c the cuts are so fresh.  If you are a newbie to Sushi Mon, please come at dinner time to request the sea urchin and sweet shrimp -- you will not regret it.  Another dish I recommend is the baked mussels -- phenomenal.  You have to try this!!!!
4	great place to enjoy fresh sushi.  I can not remember when I' ve have a firm and freah Nigiri before, but lately I had it here. good job guys.
5	Been going here for years, staff knows us and treats us very well. I seem to go here at least once a week or once every other week. Usually order togo but it tastes as good as if I were to dine in which is hard to find with sushi.
3	the foods are great but the service... well it is ok. The servers are little bit slow and take so long to just get my order. I understand they are busy but some times it irritates me.
5	Great food and very friendly staff. I recommend trying the lemon role! It's amazing all you can eat here is approximately $28.00
4	Good quality sushi for a all you can eat restaurant. However the owner doesn't look very friendly and the service of the waitress is just ok.
2	Well..I'm bummed, I've been one time prior and remember it being supa-doopa!!  The sushi chefs would hoot and holler, play with you and have fun..and the food was great!  It was always packed and it was a pain in the arse to get a table.We went last night and the customer service twas LAAAAME, they were burdened by us asking questions & attempting to get their attention.... And the food was ok-ok, total let down. Japanese Lasagna is one of my secret favorite indulgences and their "version" is a mayonnaise vomit overload!!  YUUUUCK!  I couldn't finish it.  I will say however, that the miso soup is a delight, but everything else I had, MEH, I'll pass.Not sure what happened Sushi Mon, you were the sh*t, but now there are much much better places around. Eh. :(
1	Never going back.We did ayce & were only able to order twice, while flagging the chef down because we were sitting at the bar. They were two feet in front of us and wouldn't even look at us to order.  For like two hours. Half the time the order is wrong (I've gone here 3x and they always bering out other things besides what we ordered, or not the sushi /roll we ordered at all.)"Hospitality" doesn't exist here. Ok there was one kid and he was really nice. Really it's like fishing. You just sit and wait and maybe you'll get to eat. And pay the 25/person bill. Sushi isn't bad. If you want to bash your head on the table trying to get it in front of you.
1	Well I wouldn't know how it would taste because of how long we waited. The man at the front told us it was going to be a 40 minute wait, and we were definitely willing to wait, but once the clock went an hour and 15 minutes into our waiting time we decided it was ridiculous and left. Many workers came up to the front and didn't even acknowledge us. We thought from all the good reviews they would've offered us a glass of water or at least a "sorry for the wait." It's a shame the people were so rude, I'm sure the food would've been great but unfortunately we won't be coming back due to the long wait time and rude people.
5	Tried this place back in 2004 and I wasn't a big fan.  Haven't really gone back there until recently.  It's gotten a lot better and I'm amazed the quality of the food.  I used to pick Sushi Factory over Sushi Mon now it's the other way around.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  It's a little small wish it was bigger to fit more people.
4	All you can eat- Yes please!They say you have 45 min to eat all you want but I have never been kicked out but I do think I am always full by the 45 min marker.  The fish is good and fresh. They get you in and out in a good time without being pushy. The rolls are always coming on strong there.  They do not take reservations which can mean that you are and WILL be waiting in a long line to get in.  IF you are two people then it is easy to shimmy up to the bar.  Tables can be a wait. Do not come starving during the lunch hour.
2	Food is decent but service is ridiculously bad. Our order was given away to the table next to us and we know for a fact that we ordered first. We've been here for over 50 minutes and our first order still isn't complete WTF!
4	Great "All You Can Eat" sushi restaurant! They have a huge selection of specialty rolls that you must try. Loved the "Sexy Girl" and "Crispy Rice!"  And...save room for ice cream!  Head there early for din (or you may need to wait up to 90 min for a table) and bring your appetite! :)
5	This place is amazing. You can't go wrong doing the all you can eat here. You need to get the baked 428 though OMG it's simply amazing mmm
3	Let's face a fact: AYCE and excellent sushi were never meant to go hand in hand.That is, unless you consider California roll to be sushi, in which case you'd need some sushi education.This place serves higher than the average buffet quality of sushi, many popular side items, and rolls, all at a low price of $21.95 for lunch and $26.95 for dinner. I can safely say that the quality is much better than every other AYCE sushi bar that I've eaten at by a long shot, but that's not to imply that the other places were overwhelmingly difficult to beat.Pros:- Price. If you don't order like an idiot ("let's order rolls") you will definitely get more than what you pay for.- On their AYCE, with the exception of sea urchin nigiri, sweet shrimp nigiri, sashimi salad, and yellowtail collar (maximum one order each, per customer) everything else can be ordered as many times as you want.- Their miso soup is delicious! It comes with a sweet shrimp head in it.Cons:- Inconveniently located away from the Las Vegas strip.- This place is always busy. Good luck on weekend nights.- Good service is something of a rarity.
4	Went here on St. Patrick's Day, decent rolls and great service!   If you are getting AYCE I would recommend:-Ecstasy Roll-Supreme Salmon-Sushi-Max-Garlic Tuna NigiriWarning: We also got the 9-1-1 Roll and it was VERY HOT...SERIOUSLY.  It has a habanero sauce in it that makes it extremely spicy.  Our whole entire table enjoys spicy food, but this was hot.  We couldn't feel our tongues for a minute.  Luckily our server was nice enough to take away the remaining 4 sushi pieces without any trouble.
4	They don't take reservation. Always first come first serve and there is always a wait. If you have something planned after , be there early !! For a party of 3 and more the wait time is normally 30min. The food is yummy and fast. Personally I don't really like special rolls, I think Nigiri is the real sushi but the spider rolls here are really good! When it comes to service, some servers are really good at what they doing, friendly and welcoming, however some servers are not. Some of my bestfriends mentioned that they were treated very rude last time they were there. Some of the fish didn't taste fresh but the server basically said eat it or else he would charge them extra.
4	Granted, I was extremely hungry when I ate here for a delayed lunch on a day full of celebrations, but this place made quite the favorable impression on yours truly.The four of us gallant fellows all opted for the AYCE deal for maximum value. This also allowed us to pool our various orders and get the most variety while we also got the most bang for our buck. Sitting at the bar is advisable if you want to get straight to business. Obviously, lunch will deliver a better value.The miso was a boon to us dehydrated souls. The Nigiri is all very solid. Their garlic tuna is a delicious standout, and you can't go wrong with the yellow tail. The mackerel offers that ever so distinctive fresh water taste-- may not be for everyone.You could just as easily fill up exclusively on their specialty rolls and definitely not go wrong there. The Hurricane impressed me most of all-- so many flavors dancing on the tongue that I couldn't even describe them to you. Ecstasy roll = solid. The Flying Jason, while delicious, should be ordered with caution. It's one of the cooked rolls and contains melted cheese with a distinct, mustard like aftertaste. Great stuff but it is very filling and should probably be ordered right before dessert if at all (if you care about maximizing your value). The same goes for the Baked 428-- yummy but oh so filling. The tempura ice cream-- I don't know how many sushi places do this but this place definitely does it RIGHT. Perhaps the most guilt ridden dessert per gram-- it is a serving of mochi covered in a doughnut like tempura crust that creates an absolutely heavenly experience (and one that can be enjoyed with chop sticks, nonetheless!) You must order this, at least once in your life.If you are in the mood for gorging on quality sushi and don't want to shell out the cash for a place on the strip, I can promise you that Sushi Mon will lull you into a peaceful food coma.
1	I have been turned away twice even though there were empty seats in the restaurant.  Makes me wonder . . . I will never go back and encourage you to go to the next restaurant.
1	They failed tonight!  Wait staff really suck!
4	It took me long enough to make it around to trying their AYCE, but I'm glad I did (thanks to my sister Stella). We came for lunch during the week and luckily, it wasn't very busy. I got my usual sushi victims like salmon, yellowtail, and (spicy) tuna hand rolls (VERY good, great spicy tuna, fresh fish all around, and I love well-stuffed hand rolls) and specialty rolls. The Spider Roll and Dragon Roll stood out to me, very delicious. I really enjoyed my dining experience because I'm more about the fish rather than all the other stuff in sushi rolls (if I could just order sashimi for AYCE, I would in a heartbeat) and their fish is fresh and just really wonderful. I'm happy with a big plate of fresh hand rolls and it is absolutely worth $21 (or $26 for dinner) here.
5	Who would have thought that Las Vegas can have super fresh seafood. Sushi mon is definitely ranked tip top in the list of sushi places to go. Food is made fresh to order. Even though there is limit on the pricey items such as uni and fish collar, but try to eat everything on the menu. That'd be a challenge. And just for fun, order the monster roll. It is huge. Try stuffing down one of those at the end of your meal. Overall, super delicious.
5	The sushi quality is fantastic--I can't believe that it's AYCE. And you can get one order of uni, sweet sushi, and some of the other pricey sushi that they have on special. Frequently, you can't see the rice at all underneath the nigiri because the large planks of fish cover the rice entirely. Definitely worth driving away from the strip for.
4	I usually don't go to sushi places, but I did not decide tonight.  My friend craved for sushi.  I was uneasy since there was a wait and was told at first that it would be 30+mins..  We waited and was seated in less than 20.  We got a nice seating in the bar area.  After being seated, I was ready to eat.  I was amused by the ayce rules.  60 mins. I was curious what would happen if I went over by 5 mins?  I absolutely loved how great the ayce menu was.  Side dishes and dessert?? dang!  I am sold.Nice because I felt like i had my own sushi chef.  We told him different items to prepare for us.  Very nicely presented and the fish felt fresh.  I like that because I have had poor experience at other places.  For an ayce, I see why there's a line outside.  I enjoyed the 624, baked sushi which I haven't had before.  Very unique and hot!  The snow crab was a little dry.  I didn't like it.  Friend was craving for salmon and we over ordered.  Regardless, it was very delightful.  I usually have a hard time with rare fish, but it wasn't an issue tonight.  House was very efficient  on getting our side dishes.  We had very awkward request.  We had ice cream in the middle of our meal.  Sushi chef thought we were done.  I tried some lychee sorbet, very tasty but not for me.  I did enjoy the special mochi mango ice cream.  Friend was full, but I told her it was amazing.  She managed to intake half of it.  Service was nice, Sushi Chef was friendly and chatty.  Overrall, a great atmosphere.  Not made for large groups.
5	Oh. My. Gosh. This place was AMAZING. I didn't know how to appreciate AYCE sushi bars until coming here this past Vegas trip. The food was just delectable, and I enjoyed being able to order what I wanted from the Sushi Chef or the waitress. Although the waitress seemed annoyed at times, I can tell that she was trying to get all of our orders in (Plus, I think she was the only one working that day?)My favorites are the following:- Seaweed Salad- the Japanese-mayo mussels (OH MY GOSH, the fave)- and their many rolls.  . . I totally lost track of the different ones that I ate, but I tend to gravitate towards baked stuff on top of California Rolls, or Salmon Sashimi.  Best part is they do half rolls. And have SO much selection!We ended up eating a lot, but it was all worth it. We didn't have to wait in line at all. The sign said we only got 2 hours, but we didn't feel rushed at all. Also there were plenty of side items to order too, like, edamame, and dessert. (I got the green tea ice cream). Too yummy. Headed to Vegas again soon and cannot wait to come visit again. For $20ish dollars AYCE, I would say it is a GO. : )
5	One hour for all-you-can-eat sushi? Game on.There's always a wait here, and for good reason. At less than $30 for all the sushi you can possibly want, it's certainly a fantastic deal, as long as you order right. We went for literally all nigiris. The uni and amaebi is one order per person max, but everything else you can place multiple orders of. My favorites were the yellowtail belly, the mackerel, and the super white tuna. There are also lots of appetizers (seaweed salad, miso soup, etc.), and desserts as well (mochi ice cream anyone?).This place is a must-visit for me whenever I'm in town, if only for the sheer knowledge that I am having awesome sushi in the middle of a desert. Oh Vegas.
5	This place was so bomb-tastic...lol...  I'm a huge sushi fan and I LOOOVVEED this place.  Too bad we came during lunch, otherwise I could have had uni.  I love uni.  :)  The quality of the food is really good and the service was great.  Honestly, I enjoyed the food here more than any of the Las Vegas Strip Buffets I've been to.  But, I'm super bias.  I love sushi!  :D
4	For an all you can eat sushi place in the middle of America, this was very good.  I loved all the rolls with unagi in them.  You have exactly one hour to eat all you can, but can order as many rolls as you want to begin with.  I was with a group of six people and we ordered 25 plates of sushi to start.  Within 10 minutes, the plates started to roll in.  Each of them was very good.  The waiter was really good.  The only reason that it wasn't a five, is a good thing.  The place is pretty small, so we had to wait an hour to get in, even on a Tuesday night.
5	Having eaten my way through most of the AYCE sushi places in Vegas, I can say that some definitely shine bright (more creative rolls, better fish selection, etc), but Sushi-mon wins every time in overall value, consistency and freshness.Admittedly, I have history here, so this review may be somewhat biased. I've been coming here since the advent of AYCE sushi in this town. Though I've ventured off to try other places, I somehow always find myself back here. It sort of has a "Cheersish" vibe for me.The main reason I love it here is that I know I will get fresh, consistent product. I have never received anything less than that. At a lot of places in town, you may receive old or frozen fish which is very disconcerting. Sushi-mon somehow always has beautifully fresh fish. In addition, they are FAST! I order something (in most cases, LOTS of things) and it's on the table in 5 minutes. Sushi-mon chefs seem to get a kick out of the people who order ridiculous amounts of food, so they send it out as quick as they can. Speaking of the staff, they are as friendly as can be. Fransisco is my "go-to" server and he always takes care of us. Paul, the busser/runner, knows us well too and always keeps our drinks filled and our table clean. But on to the food...As I said, we usually order our fair share of nigiri: hamachi, garlic tuna, aji, hirame, hotate with yuzu...but our favorites are the hokkigai (surf clam) and sake (salmon). I've never had surf clam as fresh and delicious as theirs. If you've tried surf clam somewhere else and hated it, try it here. Trust me.The rolls are no joke as well. Some favorites are the Yebisu, Stacey and Hurricane roll, but I've yet to try one I didn't like. Another tip: you can get most rolls in "hand roll" form. I like to get yumyum scallops, california and spider rolls that way. Also, try some baked green mussels. They're creamy and briny, yet sweet and unctuous. If you're still hungry after all that, get the Frying Jason roll. It's delicious, but it'll put you over the edge. Their side dishes (miso soup, tempura shrimp, sesame chicken, calamari) are terrific as well. Ok. That's enough. This review is making me hungry. I'll see y'all there!:::insert Cheers theme song here:::
1	I've gone here several times before and I remember years ago it was pretty decent, but the last few times I leave there being completely dissatisfied.  My parents enjoy it since it's close to them.  The rolls are loaded with rice and tasteless chewy fish.  I should have ordered cooked food.  And the service.... I literally had to flag 3 servers down and it wasn't even that busy.  Definitely will not be returning.
4	Since I lost my close to home fave sushi place this is my current price friendly go to sushi place. Fresh fish, good choices for AYCE menu and yummy other food. Wish it was closer to home and the location was larger because at peak times this place is packed! (Go during off peak times for less of a wait time.) On our most recent visit a couple days ago we both did the sushi meals and it was yummy. The fish pieces were huge! And delicious! I don't have anything bad to say about the food except for Yum. Mind you I am picky since I'm from Hawaii and miss having access to my sushi or poke. What I would say is don't be too excited about the ahi or tako poke. Those are just okay. Another high point is for gyoza or shumai you are able to get them steamed and not fried. A great option for a healthier audience. If you like spicy, the spicy tuna is spicy and the 911 roll is HOT! If you like super, super spicy don't get it! The regular spicy tuna is yum and perfectly hot. The salad that comes with the meals is under par. I've had better. But all in all it's a good eat and buy.
4	Finally, an AYCE sushi spot that has variety, fresh sushi, great service, and the whole menu is included. It's a bit of a drive from the strip but worth the trip, especially for their sweet shrimp, Toro, and salmon belly sushi.The best part is it's only $26. For what they serve its totally worth it. You'll spend that inside a hotel/casino cafe easily.
3	One of my favorites of my AYCE Asian Vegas tour.  The staff was friendly, the sushi chef was nice, and the place was very clean and packed with people for a weekday.  They have a wide selection of rolls, but I mainly stick with sushi so I can not comment on them.  The day I was there they had salmon belly, oh my!!There is also a selection of kitchen items that can be ordered from the waitress.  If you go, save room for the tempura ice cream, it comes with the AYCE and is my favorite of the desserts from my trip.
5	Excellent AYCE Sushi. I love the Lemon Roll.
5	I've had Sushi Mon on my radar for a long time, but since it is not anywhere near my house, nor is it around anywhere I tend to go all the time it has been collecting dust on my "Bookmark" shelf. Luckily lunch with a friend who works in the area happened to arise, so my reason to waste some gas to come here was justified at last!First off we arrived right when they opened at 11:45 AM and we were not the only ones waiting. About four other parties walked in the door at the same time as us. We were seated immediately at a two-person table and we let them know we would be doing the AYCE lunch special. I've heard really great things about Sushi Mon so I was hoping it would not disappoint. The restaurant itself is on the smallish side and decor is pretty much minimal and non-existent. Oh well, as long as the fish is good right? I skipped appetizers and went straight into the sushi. I figured I wouldn't fill myself up on anything but fish. Our server quickly took our order. Nigiri:Garlic TunaYum Yum ScallopSalmon All were good, but my favorite was the Yum Yum Scallop. If I were to go back, this would be on the menu for a return trip.Rolls:1/2 J.J. Roll - Lovely roll, really enjoyed the addition of asparagus and avocado.Lemon Roll - My friend ordered this one and I had a piece, it was very fragrant and refreshingChubby (5 pieces) - Good roll, nothing spectacular, but well put together, the soybean paper around it is a nice change.Hand-Rolls: Per usual I ordered a spicy tuna hand roll. I always do a sushi places. This one was tasty, so I actually had two. =o^-^o=Other:I did order the Poke bowl. It was okay, nothing special, but at least it was not overly-salted. I ended my meal with strawberry mochi ice cream - yummy! But so cold it hurt my teeth. But. That's just because I have sensitive teeth. Tee hee.Overall: I believe the "hype" is true. This place serves up GOOD, QUALITY sushi. And that is what matters when you are eating raw fish. Nothing tasted strange or wrong to me. The fish was the perfect temperature. The presentations were simple, but the rolls were made well. I would reccomened Sushi Mon and I would love to go back sometime if I am in the area.
4	The best all you can eat I've had in Las Vegas.  Quality of the food is excellent. Wait staff is excellent.  And the value is excellent. the only reason I'm rating this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the long waits during dinner hours. Especially on weekends. Often times the wait is more than 30 minutes. I hope this place gets to expand and gets more seating!
5	My friend brought me here on our last trip to Vegas and I really enjoyed it! We went around 2 PM on Saturday so it wasn't too crowded. The fish was fresh and there was definitely a lot of variety. One of my favorite things was the selection of desserts!! I know I wasn't "getting my money's worth" by loading up on these, but there were so many options and I love dessert. I had green tea ice cream, mochi ice cream, and best of all, lychee sherbert!!The price was also decent and the wait staff was very friendly. The drive was definitely worth it and I ate so much that I skipped dinner. I wish they had Sushi-Mon in LA!!
3	This used to be my favorite sushi place, due to the variety and desserts. (Tempura ice cream yuuuum) but their service became slow and it was always too busy .The sushi is not really wow to me , it's just yummy
5	Been eating here for years. I would definitely consider this my local sushi spot! If your in definitely try the Yellowtail jalapeno, California salad, and the Lasagna roll -just a few of my fav.'s. The wait can be tricky at times but I just call ahead and make a reso..  ***Please do NOT confuse this restaurant with Sushi Mon in LA..... That restaurant is HORRIBLE and they are not the same company.***
5	AMAZING! If you like to eat a lot of sushi, this is the best place in town! Between the all-you-can-eat price, the abundance of nigiri / roll options, and the quality of food, Sushi Mon is the place to eat in Las Vegas! It is a little bit of a drive from the strip, but it is completely worth the drive!
5	Best all you can eat sushi in vegas hands down! My husband and I frequent sushi mon at least once a month. Service is always good. The ecstasy roll is AMAZING! gotta try it. We have never been dispointed! Get AYCE you really get your moneys worth. Tempura icecream is awesome too!
4	Same as goyemon but the original...if im in the area and craving for sushi its one of my top three..
4	I'm not a big fan of sushi, or seafood in general, but my husband and friends love it, so I tag along. However, the rolls here are just really good, and usually fresh. I really like their Veggie roll. Of course, some chefs make it better than others, but it's still good. I also like the spicy tuna rolls quite a bit. The service is usually good. But, sometimes with different people coming to check on you & getting you refills, it can be lacking. Still, better service than most AYCE sushi places.The only bad thing is the crowds. There are often very long waits, and sometimes the company isn't too great either. Last time we got stuck to a group of people older than me (I'm 26) talking about how drunk they were and yelling "penis." Not the restaurants fault of course.
4	Came with three people and we all got the "all you can eat" for $22 during lunch. Dinner isn't much more than that.Started things off with the sexy girl roll, the most expensive item on the menu. A pretty tasty shrimp tempura roll. It contained shrimp tempura, cucumber, scallop, spicy tuna. Blended with spicy garlic sauce and eel sauce.For the nigiri, we had the yellow tail, salmon, and tuna rolls. My favorite was the salmon nigiri.We followed things up with the cajun albacore. Loved the unique cajun seasoning on the albacore. Brings out a new flavor to sushi.Other Orders...Volcano roll came out nice and warm with quite interesting flavors. Overall, pretty okay.Scallop yum yum roll with orgasm sauce was the best!Pixie roll contained crab, shrimp, cucumber, avocado, smelt eggs, and eel sauce all wrapped in soy paper. An unusually large roll. Also an unfavorable ending to my stomach considering the amount of sushi we already had. Finished things off with a tempura ice cream. Unfortunately, it was a bit disappointing. The tempura was just too soft and soggy.
5	Best all you can eat sushi restaurant I've been to out of 5 different ones. Sushi mon's sushi on MARYLAND has the freshest sushi and great service for the 3 times I've been here. ***please note: the one on sahara is not owned by the same owner and that one was terrible when I went.
3	Ate here today with my two friends. It's a pretty small place and it's popular so there was a 45 minute wait for a table at 8ish, which is to be expected. We just wandered around while we waited. Once we got seated they got us drinks pretty fast and we sat at the bar so we were able to tell them right away that we were doing ayce and start ordering. I wasn't a fan of their cucumber salad. I think they should have it chopped differently. I also wasn't a fan of the naked mussels or tempura. The red snapper was delicious as was the garlic tuna. The wait staff was terribly unattentive. It made their 60 minute rule for ayce seem unfair. They checked on us maybe twice.All in all it's ok but I prefer going elsewhere
1	I've been coming to sushi Mon for past 10 years now. Whenever I make a trip to Vegas, I always make sure to stop by. For past 3 years, they started to decline in their taste and the quality of the sushi. Last visit I had a week ago, the food was terrible and they confused my name with another person's name on the waiting list. So my family had to wait another extra 35 min with an initial hour wait. The manager was extremely impolite and hesitant to apologize. Sushi Mon is not the same as it was years ago. I won't come here anymore. It's time to find a new AYCE sushi in Vegas.
4	For the price best all "you can eat" Ive had in vegas. All the nagiri sushi was very fresh with large slabs of fish, rather than just a big clump of rice to get you full. The only down fall was that the cucumber salad was a little off and there was a bit of a wait. But definitely worth it!
2	Beware!!!!!It pains me to write this review, but if I can get one person to avoid the mistake we made tonight, it makes this yelp review worthwhile.  This place used to be a staple for my wife and me every Vegas visit, but we will never come here again.  We are disappointed that we have to find a new sushi place to come to, but this place is definitely not it anymore.Sushi Mon changed ownership recently, and it really shows.  The cute Japanese lady is no longer at the cash register.  The new ownership charges the same price, but everything good about this place has gone.The nigiri now comes with huge pieces of rice.  If you are a rice connoisseur, this place is for you.  It's a shame what the new management is trying to pull.  On top of that, the fish is not fresh.My wife ordered a spicy scallop handroll, and it was overflowing with imitation crab.  I argued with the sushi chef, and he opened the handroll up and showed us the 2 pieces of scallop hidden in the bed of imitation crab.  Really??The presentation of the salmon skin handroll looked like a kindergarten art project.  The sushi chefs are inexperienced and can't get the sauce right.  The rolls are either too salty or falling apart.
5	Off the strip, but worth the drive.  Went for lunch and ordered the AYCE sushi.  Everything on the sushi menu was AYCE including appetizers and desserts.  Service was also top notch!
4	AYCE sushi! U said the magic words! I'm such a sucker for good sushi!We came here on the last day of our trip.  It was 20mins away from the strip, located in an Asian strip mall.  Wait time was abt an hour.Place is small, seats abt 50 at most?Service was great! we had Hamachi and salmon belly (which both r soooo good) baked muscles, and tons of rolls.  We started to order everything and anything, since we all were pretty hungry.  it was $22/person.  Which is an awesome price!!! Thanks for being a hidden gem!
5	I love this place so much. I get so frustrated reading other reviews that say "mediocre sushi and service." Come to New York City and you'll see mediocre sushi and service at Trump prices. This is a STEAL. $21.95 (lunch) $26.95 (dinner) for all you can eat menu that's so extensive? Yes please!Now this place has a little more seating available compared to the other location but also gets twice as busy. Their service here is amazing. The waiters and busboys were all very nice and attentive. Our waiter (Archer, who's adorably cute) was very friendly, attentive, and fast. All the sushi tasted fresh. Salmon and salmon belly were deeeeeeelicious. Ikura with quail egg -- yummm!I am ADDICTED to their baked green mussels. I could really have about 10 orders to myself and miss the taste about 5 minutes after I leave. I will be here any time I visit Vegas.
5	Definitely off the beaten path, but so worth the drive and the over an hour wait! My girls and I made this our last stop before heading back home to Cali. We ordered salmon belly, yellowtail belly, baked mussels, and various rolls that I can't even remember all their names. We even ordered a baked chicken roll, which was not typical, but was unexpectedly tasty! The salmon, yellowtail and baked mussels were my favorites though. The fish was very fresh. Sometimes it's best to keep it simple, especially when you're eating so much!We thought we would not have much room for dessert, so we decided to share a scoop of strawberry mochi ice cream, lychee sorbet and green tea ice cream. The lychee sorbet was really good, with real chunks of lychee on the inside, but the real winner was the strawberry mochi ice cream. We loved it so much we ordered two more scoops. Service was good, though there was a little misunderstanding with quantity (make sure you know how much is in an order) and you can't beat the lunch price of $22 per person. My only wish is that they would serve uni for lunch, but will definitely be back!
5	I love AYCE and this place does it perfect.  The food typically will come out quick, the fish tastes fresh even on weekdays.  Lunch at $21.95 is the perfect price and I'm sure I usually will eat WELL above that amount.  I want to give a long drawn out review of here but truly it doesn't need it.  I'm not a huge "roll" person but their Lemon Roll almost tastes like desert to me, the citrus kick you get at the end of it, just is a nice refreshing flavor to finish off a meal of WAY too much food.
1	the food is really not all that. plus, the service is HORRIBLE. came at midnight on a Saturday, decent amount of people in there. when we walked in, the hosts didnt notice us and for some reason sat the couple that came in after us, first?? so we had to sit ourselves....you'd think they'd apologize but nope. in the middle of eating one of the servers asked if we want anything else on the menu....in a very impolite way....no hospitality at all I felt like we were rushed to eat. I will never eat here again.
3	This sushi place is good but not great. We got there and there were no seats at the bar and only a table for 6 they said we couldn't have. Well when another group of two came we all said we would share that table and they still wouldn't give it to us. So we waited but not too long. The service was good as came by frequently and kept drinks full but not very friendly just there to do their job it seemed.  The roll options are good but not great. I like spicy options but try to stay away from tempura. Not many choices without tempura and without yum yum sauce. No options without rice.  Shared the pixie and the sexy girl were good though and the chubby was the first time I tried eel and it wasn't overwhelming and it was good. We got two others I can't remember the names, maybe the sunrise was one and i didn't like the spice of the garlic sauce. Good but not great as there are other places in town I would rather venture further for to have more options.
5	best all you can eat sushi hands down.
3	ok - a little bit too overrated.They change their daily specials so the specials we had today were Salmon Belly and Yellowtail belly:Salmon belly - WOW amazing. Very butteryYellowtail belly - nothing to write home about.  So bad I only got 1 order.Con:  their rice with their sushi was horrible.  I think I had the bad end of the rice because most of my sushi had cold and 40% hardening rice! Uni was NOT fresh.  Sweet Shrimp was NOT fresh either!  it was a chore to eat. Pro: Sashimi salad, unbelievable dessert (Get the ice cream)If you are a big eater, its a good bargain.  you get a HUGE order of yellowtail cheeks as well! Don't come here for quality.
4	Great AYCE place that my sister took me to. She insisted on going to this place when we were in vegas for a couple days and I have to say it was well worth it. The restaurant isn't that big, but it just shows that great things come in small packages! :)They have a great selection of sushi and specialty rolls for you to choose from.  The staff is friendly and seated us right away. I normally don't opt to sit at the bar but the decision turned out to be great. We were able to order directly from the chef. The fish was fresh and rolls had a little bit more rice than I'd like but the flavors of the rolls made up for it. I ordered the Pixie roll. It's a play on the spider roll and was so delicious. If I still had room after all the different rolls I tried, I probably would have ordered myself another Pixie roll. They offered a wide range of appetizers as well as desserts (not many places includes dessert in the AYCE menu). For you seaweed lovers, they have seaweed salad on the menu, we each ordered a bowl. They also offered baked mussels, miso  soup, calamri, and much much more! I ended my meal with a generous scoop of green tea ice cream, and my sister had a strawberry mochi ice cream. I will definitely be going back when I'm in town.
5	I'm from LA and my family was staying down the street over at South Point. My dad found this before we left for the vacation and decided we wanted to try it. Originally, he was going to do a la carte instead of AYCE. He definitely does not regret his choice. Sitting at the bar is a better experience in my opinion because you don't need to order thru any of the servers. The chefs were all Japanese except one and even though Yoshi, the chef who helped us, didn't look Japanese, he's from the same city my dad is from. Yoshi made our experience better because he made sure to check up on us every once in a while, while still attending to other people at the bar. As for the other servers, some were good and some weren't. The younger ones were friendlier and had better attitudes and I learned to ask from them. Food wise, everything comes out quick, even when you order items like takoyaki or baked mussels that are prepared in the back. This may be because we sat in front of the chef who would hand it to us but even the fried items came out quick. The rolls are mediocre. What I like though, is that you can order a half order instead of the whole thing to avoid getting full and allowing you to try more food. Where I go in LA, they don't have that option so it;s best to go with a big group or you'll get full off 2 orders of rolls. My absolute favorite thing about this place,though, is that dessert is included as AYCE. I don't know if it;s a Nevada thing but dessert is always a la carte at other AYCE sushi places. And the dessert is good. They have tempura ice cream, mochi, creme brulee, and sorbets. The lychee sorbet was definitely my favorite but we also tried the yuzu sorbet and the green tea creme brulee. Overall, it was a really good experience and I wish LA had this place. Thank you Yoshi, and the three servers who were kind.
1	would rank them at 1/2 of a star if possiblewas eating there last night with a party of 7 folks.. food was ok and as we were getting our last round of sushi out we saw a cock roach walk by on the floor.  when we pointed this out to the waitress she did not seem surprised at all, on top of that she made no effort to get rid of it or kill it.  her and the manager decided to offer our table a free plate of desserts ( 4 mochi balls to a table of 7 people )  to shut us up about the roach.  when i went to pay the bill and speak with the manager he informed me that he was sorry that i saw a spyder.  i explained to him that i know the difference between a cock roach and a spyder and he spent 2 minutes arguing with me about what kind of bug it was ( mind you he didnt see it ) he refused to accept that this was a spyder and he also told me that i was lucky to get the free dessert as a Consolation for the spyder ( when in fact this was a cock roach ) very poor service and a very poor way to handle a cock roach infestation in thier food establishment, will never go back here again
5	Quality of sushi is really good. There are plenty of other options included with the AYCE sushi plus dessert!! I wish they carried asahi black though.
4	This place always has great quality sushi and they are quick! The only thing I noticed recently was that the last couple times we placed orders for appetizers in all u can eat and nobody brought them to us. We even ordered twice just to be sure but nothing but normally the service is good and if it wasn't for that happening on occasion I'd give it 5 stars
5	Sushimon is my favorite sushi place in town  I come here twice a month. The fish quality is always good. Not only the food is awesome, But their service is also superb. Last thursday I went there with my friend While trying to eat the shimp head in miso soup I spilled the soup all over my leg. It was really hot. Miwa and Naoko the waitresses, They approached me real quick with ton of napkins and cup of ice to put on my leg. They changed my plate and brough new soup for me while another waiter (his name is omar i guess I'm not sure) cleaned up the floor. They were really nice They kept asking about my leg. I'm really impress with the excellent service here. Will go back there soon soon :)
3	I was hoping that they would serve excellent sashimi, as it is really close to my house... but no... sashimi was just ok, definitely not fresh, and some pieces tasted weird. I think this place is good for people who love sushi and rolls with a lot of sauces and stuff like that, not for anal purists like me - I judge a Japanese restaurant by their sashimi.
4	This is probably the best of the "all you can eat" sushi restaurants. This was my fourth visit here, and I was disappointed that nothing was cold. But we've had this monsoon weather for days, and I suspect that is challenging their refrigeration equipment. My favorites: the fried shrimp heads and the moshi ice cream. This place is consistent; not the best sushi, but good - and plentiful.
5	The best AYCE sushi place.
5	Sushi Mon definitely lives up to its hype. A couple of friends recommended this place to me as a must stop in Vegas. I was reassured this is the place to be as soon as I heard Japanese coming from the chefs.  Can't get more authentic than that, right? We came in right at opening 11:45am, even skipped breakfast to make sure we have plenty of room for the raw fish. There were only a couple of others waiting anxiously for them to open up. We had the option of sitting at the bar or table, went with the latter to accommodate our group of 4. Our server came up immediately to get our drinks started. We decided to go with the AYCE sushi. You can't go wrong paying 21.95 for good quality fish.  I decided to start off with the salmon belly, which was melt-in-your-mouth good.  I would highly recommend getting this belly if you see it on their special menu. They ran out in just 10 minutes.  Everything else was delicious and fresh!Restaurant filled up quickly but there wasn't much of a wait until we left the restaurant around 1. I was also worried at the 45 minute time limit they have posted everywhere. How can anyone eat in 45 minutes when you have to wait for your food every time you put an order in? But luckily this rule was not enforced.  I noticed that there are plenty of people ordering from the lunch menu.  That's something I'd consider if I were a local. But since I'm not, I had to take advantage of the all you can eat menu.  Another huge plus of this restaurant is the insane 2 am closing time. I don't think I'd crave raw fish past midnight, but Vegas never sleeps, right? There is another location closer to the strip on Sahara. I accidentally came to this location because it came up on my Yelp search. But my local friend said that the other location is the original restaurant, and can get more crowded.  I'd have to check out the other one on my next trip.  I highly recommend this place! Friendly staff + reasonable price + great food = one happy returning customer!
5	Every time I go to Vegas I make sure to stop at least once for their AYCE sushi.Why 5 stars?-Place is open until 2AM! -Japanese sushi chefs-small nigiri so you can eat more!-fresh, fresh, fresh-can order half rolls (get the OID roll!!!)-daily special nigiri etc salmon belly-bomb ass uni and amaebi (1 order per person)-tempura ice cream- Hamachi kama is amazing!-$26.99 for all this? best value in town
1	1 star because you can't put less but I will say service is pretty good..Halibut and Snapper had texture of octopus..Albacore sushi had texture of shredded tuna tasted like fish bait nearly rotten had to slam some sake down to get it down. Should have left then but I got one more roll with yellowfin tuna (maguro) because my first roll with spicy tuna wasn't terrible this also had. Terrible muscle texture obviously they don't know how to cut fish.. all the fish was served on warm-hot temp. Rice - terrible! Your fish is being cooked by the rice it was hot enough.. By far worst sushi in vegas I've had yet other than grocery store sushi.. go to blue fin or Osaka or really anywhere else.. My favorite thing about sushi Mon is that it is PACKED!!! Such a shame we live amongst so many Mammalukes..
4	Not the best sushi I have ever eaten, but it was pretty darn good.  We went on a Saturday night and had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated.  We were going to get the all you can eat special but you only get an hour to eat and after looking at their menu, we thought it would be cheaper to go the a la carte route.  I got the screaming orgasm and calamari appetizers.  Both were tasty and I loved the screaming orgasm sauce.  My husband got the salmon teriyaki, which was not the best, but not bad either.  I got the chicken teriyaki and was pretty good, not the best.  But, for food value, this place rocks.  Our entrees came with miso soup, small salad, tempura, and a small california roll!! Our bill ended up being just at $40, not too shabby if you ask me.  I will definitely return.
1	I don't understand why this place is getting any positive reviews. The fish did not taste fresh and basically all tasted the exact same. Even the rolls were not very good... If you are going to do AYCE sushi skip out on Sushi Mon. I would suggest Sumo Sushi 2 for a larger menu, better atmosphere, and much much better sushi.
5	Can't get enough of this place!  It was fantastic again.  We got there early to beat the crowd.  We got our order in quickly.  Even with the shift change, we got supurb service as always.  They were very attentive to all of our needs.  The all-you-can-eat service is the best.  Always good and fresh!  We get enough of eveything we ordered.  The daily specials were delicious.  Part of our group ordered Teshoku meals.  These were super large portions were hard to finish.  Kamchi-kama were meals by themselves.A great place to go and get your fill of Japanese Cuisine.Gochigosamades!You bet, I will go back for more.
5	The fish was fresh and the service was excellent. This was not my first time here but my first checkin with Yelp.
4	This is my favorite sushi spot. I used to come here every time I was in Vegas when I lived in Cali. Now that I live in Vegas, I cant get enough of this place. I love sushi and this place offers all kinds of yummy choices. There yellow tail collar is one of my faves!  Only bummer is that space inside is kind of small so sometimes you are waiting a while for a table. Also, if you have a large party, its hard for them to accommodate.
2	So, I really wanted to love this place, one because it's right by my house and two because of the reviews on it, but honestly I don't know what kind of sushi the people who wrote good reviews on this place are eating because that's definitely not what I got. I'm not sure if it's the fact that I ate there at midnight or what but everything I ordered was not good. The sushi had a bad aftertaste as well as the seaweed salad, which I normally love...(my mouth is offended the whole time..this was said by my boyfriend whilst eating)..my reaction was just as bad, I kind of wanted to throw up when I got home to make up for what I put in my stomach. I paid way, way too much for what we both consumed. I will say one thing good about the meal...the wine and green tea was great :)
5	$21.95 for AYCE lunch means that my friends and I get our money's worth whenever we eat here.  I usually dine with my pals after we do a long ride or run in the area, so we come ready to eat.  This was the case again this past Saturday when we arrived a few minutes before the doors opened at 11:45am.  There were a few other people waiting, too, but our party of six had no problem snagging a table, so come early and you won't have to wait, either.I can only eat shellfish, so my sushi choices are very limited, but I like the appetizers, too.  This equates to a not very healthy meal, but you gotta live a little.My usuals:  miso soup, shrimp and vegetable tempura, shumai, cucumber salad, shrimp tempura roll, 007 roll, Dynamite roll, Moment roll, with red bean ice cream or strawberry mochi for dessert.The service is always attentive and the food just keeps coming.  For the amount of food that we can put away when we're hungry, Sushi Mon is a bargain.  *Review #200 for 2013--yay.
5	One of the best sushi experiences of my life.I started to get adventurous with the menu and the sushi chef offered small tastes of things to me, instead of whole rolls or plates. I was super impressed with this, and I could also say that this was the freshest sushi I ever had...I am not a sushi snob, but its some fine ass sushi. lolPrice is right, we did AYCE. I would be back in a heartbeat.
1	All we wanted was to have a beer while waiting for our party of 8 to show, one seat open at the bar, but there were two of us. So they said we had to wait outside. They don't have a liquor license for their patio. The guy at the counter was so rude, he could Cate less about us. Skip this place if you want to hang out and drink! They're too cheap to buy a liquor license for their patio, and you always have a 1/2 hour wait! Yes the Sushi is good, but there's are other places you can go with just as good Sushi, and happy employees & managers! I won't be back!
2	I'm a very common sushi eater averaging 4-6 time a month. I know when choosing an all you can eat bar over a pay per plate, you are going to lose some quality but my experience at Sushi Mon was just sad! Total lack of care. Rolls were just thrown together, Unagi Sauce on the menus and table, dirty glasses and plates, and the decor was non existent. When spending $27 there are a lot better options in town! The ONE positive thing I will say is, the staff was very friendly and provided great service and that's the only reason they got 2 stars!
1	The fish was fresh, however wait staff were the worst .  I had to ask for water to three different people and two of then twice.   I had all you can eat, I ordered the Tempura Shrimp and waited for twenty minutes I asked the wait staff four times, they said they would check they were not slammed with business.  After 27 minutes  I never got the shrimp I paid my bill and left.     Owen/boss didn't seemed to care!   I will not go back.  To many other sushi places to try.   They  failed me!
4	Love this place! The Ayce is kinda pricey so I rarely get it & I also only eat one or two orders of rolls, but I love how I can order half orders to go. I usually do 2 full roll orders but 4 different kinds. It's the perfect deal. They are great. The pastel roll is fantastic along with the tiger. All their fish is fresh.
4	Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas. Pretty much everything I had here was good, so I guess I'd recommend trying a bit of everything! Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.
5	this is hands down the best AYCE sushi in town.  we typically go for lunch and the price can't be beat.  they have an array of choices in their menu and the sushi masters are really great.
5	Found this place on multiple friend's recommendation list and it does not disappoint.  AYCE sushi made to order is delicious!  The variety is awesome and you can eat anything you want from sushi to appetizers to dessert.  For dinner at least, there are two dishes that are limited I believe to two servings per person.  The uni (which I think is sea urchin) and the sweet shrimp, neither of which I've tried, but I've heard they are good.  They do not offer plain sashimi, and they require you to eat all the rice on your sushi else they will charge a le carte.  Not unreasonable as their sushi does taste fresh and good quality for an AYCE.  No real recommendation on which sushi to eat.  Try them all for yourself!
5	The best AYCE sushi in town. Service, food, ambience, everything. You won't find another AYCE sushi as good as this.
4	Sushimon is one of my favorite go to spots when I don't feel like risking a new spot. It's not the best spot I've been to but is consistent and reliable. Same with their sister property goymon.
5	The sushi quality is really good! Depending on when you go it can be a bit busy but they are normally very quick with getting you in. The service is good and quick and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a good sushi place!
5	I love u guys to death! But these continued 30-45 min waits are getting old! When are u going to expand this location!? And if u aren't u need to create some kind of VIP program!! U should have some kind of VIP card for ur customers that are at ur establishment all the time! The ones u know by name! Or maybe start taking reservations! I have to take my business else where tonight! PLEASE, as a loyal customer, please start takin care of us!!
3	I can't believe I haven't been to this place considering how much I love sushi, how much I've heard about it, and how close it is to my house.  To be perfectly honest, I have very mixed feelings about it.  It's a small space and seemingly always busy, but we were lucky and got two spots right away at the sushi bar.  Our sushi chef was quick and friendly, and the fish he served us  was beautifully cut and arranged.  We started off with a bunch of orders of nigiri: tuna, salmon, super white tuna, albacore, yellow tail, snapper, all of which were fresh and delicious.  I really wanted a roll with soft shell crab but they only had 2. I ordered the Spider Roll and I was sorely disappointed.  It was huge, but full of the imitation crab meat and a lot of rice and barely any soft shell crab inside.  Of course, I had to eat it all anyway since AYCE.  Our sushi chef left to go on break so another chef took over. We went back to ordering nigiri and the pieces he served were comical. One small, one big, one cut in half in the middle...really, as a sushi chef, he should have been embarrassed to be putting out pieces like this.  The rest of our meal proceeded in this fashion, with very tiny ugly looking pieces of fish.  I know I know, it all tastes the same, but sorry, I expect my sushi to look pretty, too. Our last dish was the dynamite, which took forever and it was overcooked so the scallops were a little tough.  We ended our meal with delicious mochi in mango, strawberry and vanilla flavors.  I would say that overall the service was great and the food was good.  Not my favorite sushi joint, but I'd go back because I like the atmosphere and it's close to my house.
5	Sushi mon, is definitely the "MON". My boyfriend and I woke up around 2. We were starving and heard this place was the place to go when your hungry. Okay. 21.95 for all you can eat amazing ass sushi? That is freaking cheap! I swear, we ate 200 dollars worth of food here. I could not get enough of their salmon. We had like 10 freaking orders. Are you kidding me! This is so cheap and they do half rolls here!! So you can try everything here without breaking your bank and stomach. You MUST try their pastel roll and volcano roll. Honestly, I've tried a lot of sushi places. The best I've had was in Hawaii and this is pretty close to it.
1	The host was the manager I'm sure and was the most unaccommodating person ever. Do u want business or not? We had a party of 10 people and we were willing to squish and he was NOT willing to accommodate?! Wtf...Nigiri comes with a big piece of rice thats hella hard, and we were supposed to eat all of them?! I would have if they cooked it better. and employee kept pushing us to finish the damn rice. UghThey gave us 45 min limit for all u can eat but it took them half hour to bring out each order...what?Mediocre in every aspects.
5	Best sushi in the valley!  Not only is this in my neighborhood; which makes it great, they have some of the best sushi around. Never too long of a wait and always quality service. Competitive pricing and large selection of rolls. Its nice to go back and get the same sushi chef each time.
2	A few people had recommended this place for all you can eat sushi, so I was looking forward to it. This was the fourth all you can eat sushi place I have tried in Vegas. Honestly, I was really disappointed. The tables are almost stacked on top of each other when you are seated. I could have rubbed elbows with the table next to me. The fish was not fresh when I was there, which was a big bummer. I'm not sure why everyone is raving about the menu selection, because this place had the smallest selection of the 4 I have been to. They are quick to get the rolls out to you, but quick isn't always good. The quality definitely wasn't there. I think most people like this place because it's convenient, but outside of that you should go elsewhere.
5	Lets just say this place is probably the best and freshest ayce sushi I've ever had in my life and trust me I've tried pretty  much tried most of the ayce sushi in LA/OC area.The decor in this place was pretty fancy going for the modern look esp at the sushi bar .. this wavy texture on the wall lol like ocean wavy! pretty cool!We ordered salmon, super white tuna, baked mussel some sushi rolls.. They are all good n fresh! Make sure to order the super white tuna!! i didn' know they carry white tune so i was pretty excited about it and hey good thing i ordered it!  Probably the best thing you'll ever try in acye sushi!!  Veryy good!This location was pretty far from the strip (It's actually before reaching Vegas, like between M resort and Vegas) Taste: 4.5 Presentation: 4.0Ambiance: 4.0Service: 4.0Price: 4.0~~~ Chewie's Rating: 4.1 Raw thumbs up!!!!Chewie: the best ACYE sushi is on Kashyyyk!! freshest sushi ever!
5	My first day in vegas I ate here and was blown away. I know live a few blocks away and 5 years later I still dine there. Staff is amazing and the food is great.
5	Excellent Sashimi!! I always get takeout because it's so busy!! Their all you can eat is awesome as well! Friendly staff!
3	This was one of the first places I use to go with my co workers.  At first i thought this place was really good, i love that they close really late, but after eating at all the sushi in town, it is a pretty average place.  not the worst place but not the greatest either.  Good for late nights, but if I have the time I will head somewhere else.
5	All you can eat is best deal in Las Vegas. I've been here many time,but I never had bad experience here.Good sushi,good service and reasonable price.They are always busy,but it's worth to wait.
5	A bit crowded but ok. The food was really good and fresh. I like the seaweed salad. Prices are typical for all ypu can eat sushi places.  The sashimi was fresh not fishy. We come here a few times a month so yes we like it.
1	I had never been for all you can eat sushi so my friend took me and we sat at the bar. We ordered something fresh to start so we had a half of a cucumber roll, the sushi chef  kind of laughed and rolled his eyes. I brushed it off. Then we ordered a few more and we never got the ones we ordered and he gave us things that we didn't order. He rolled his eyes was rude and made me feel like I was inconveniencing him to make my food. That's what you are there for to make my food! Even the party next to us noticed that he was not nice to us. He is an older Asian man with glasses. His tip jar was empty when we came in and it stayed that way the hour we were there. I at one point even asked a waiter if we could order rolls with him because of the total negative attitude that we got from our chef. The food was decent but I would not return because of how I was treated.
4	This review like a number of my other reviews is long overdue. For 4 years now Sushi Mon has been my quick, neighborhood go to spot when I'm in need of my fix. I'm literally down the street. With the exception of one incredibly gross, gut-wenching moment a few years back where me and some co-workers found a roach scrambling on our table as our waitress handed our bill, its been smooth sailing.. I'm glad because its said if you find just one of those mofos then its fairly certain theres an infestation. In this case I'm gonna chalk it up to a momentary lapse in unsanitary food practices and thankfully theres been no sight of those suckas ever since. It still gets busy during their peak times, prices are on par with the rest of them AYCE but I still fu*k with this place and the rest of the spots belonging to the Mon group.
5	I do love sushi and this place is great. It's smaller so if you plan on eating sushi for dinner, I would recommend getting here earlier or you will end up waiting. This time we came for lunch so there wasn't a wait to be seated. They have all you can eat for lunch and dinner ($21.95 for lunch / $26.95 for dinner) and there is a time limit. While I did not partake in the AYCE this time, I was pretty excited to get the sashimi lunch. Mmmmm!!
5	Best sushi buffet i've ever eaten.  the buffet menu had amost everything i like and the price was very reasonable.  def going back next time im in vegas
5	AYCE sushi, that's why I fly into Vegas.Came to Sushi Mon as it was close to the South Point Casino. It was a Wednesday night around 6:00pm. There was no wait for our party of 3. One person in our party has never eaten sushi like the other 2 of us, so we practically shoved all sorts of nigiri and specials down his throat.The Salmon Belly special was amazing! If you thought regular salmon filet was soft, this buttery goodness just melts away your heart. We had probably 4 rounds of this during our meal.The Baked Mussels were also great. We mostly ate nigiri and appetizers. The rolls looked good, but as we were hosting our friend, we didn't want to get stuck with something he wouldn't help us eat.We finished off with Tempura Ice Cream, which didn't have the texture as we hoped, but it was still a nice way to finish off the meal. By the time were finished, the restaurant had a waitlist and you can see people just eyeing your table.As for satisfying our stomachs... let's just say we opted to walk off our food and head back to South Point on foot... it was 50 minutes of walking...
5	AYCE Sushi with amazing service and definitely amazing good! They were quick with there service despite going there when it was quite packed, but I enjoyed every minute.
5	Awesome. Great people and great food. So I walked in here not really expecting to much but wow...this please was great and they have an all you can eat sushi which included everything on the menu and dessert items too. Needless to say I may have ate too much but it was well worth it. I will be come back next time I am in town.
5	I would call myself a regular here, not just because it's in my area but because I know what to expect every time. The fish quality is always up to par. The service is pretty good, depending on how busy it is. The wait could get long when sitting at a table, so I would recommend sitting at the sushi bar for quicker service. The price for AYCE (all you can eat) sushi is reasonable, as long as I get my mochi dessert at the end I'm a happy camper. Definitely a fan!
3	Is it weird that an AYCE sushi place off the Vegas strip is better than any I've had in SoCal? Come on, we're losing to a land-locked state!I wish my friends hadn't overhyped this place though, it made the experience less enjoyable since I was expecting my wallet to beg me to make it come back. My favorites: desserts, yellowtail collar, super white tuna, salmon nigiriTheir uni tasted rather funky though, but perhaps it was just our sitting.
4	All you can eat sushi!! Great price!! Good quality fish. Service is awesome. The chef are so fast that you can barely finish eating one order before your next one comes out. Only reason this isn't five stars is because of the hot rice. Wonderful experience overall and I will be back.
5	Superwhite tuna nigiri & shumai & lychee sorbet & shrimp tempura are my fave's! The best!!!
5	Absolutely love this place, the all you can eat sushi is the bomb! The Hurricane was sooo good
5	AYCE sushi here is amazing! My number 1 spot when I'm craving sushi. Good service and worth the wait.
4	WAY better than the Sushi Mon on Sahara. The restaurant is clean and the sushi is good. The servers weren't too friendly (one even walked around with a grumpy face); however, the service was decent. If you want something, you have to flag them down. At first we made the mistake of waiting to order when they came to clear our plates, but it took a huge pile and quite a wait before someone came by. They are quick to get you what you want after you order it though.
1	Came here for a quick late night sushi date with my good friend , right off the bat our server was rude , didn't sense good vibes from him at all , he literally took 20 mins to take our order wasn't busy at all .. He was standing there talking to his friend. Finally when he saw us " giving him the eye " is when he came .. The food was okay not to expensive ... Could have been better , literally had to keep flagging him down .. The services overall sucked
1	We had the absolutely worse experience here!!!! I can't even give them any stars. The hubby & I decided to go out for some sushi & live right up the street. We've been here a lot. This Thursday night it looked like they had large party so we stood at the door for about 5 minutes waiting patiently & no one acknowledged us. So after a while my hubby see see to open tables at the bar & so we decide to sit. They bring our drinks, we put in an order & after about 10 minutes one of the servers come over & asks us who sat us. My husband was like we did. Now at this point we've been seated for about 10 minutes & I need a refill on my water. The server tells us that we have to get up because there is a waiting list. While this is going on the people behind us were also arguing with a different server because they sat their party on a table that does not really fit his party.Anyway, my hubby is asking the guy if he's serious. The server looks at the owner and says yes but we can add you to the waiting list. My mouth completely dropped.  I could not believe as we are enjoying our dinner they want us to stop & step out but still want us to come back. We will never come back. Never did they say sorry. We are so unbelievably shocked at their service & attitude we will never go back!!!!! My husband has just about told the story to everyone he knows!! He's in sales & it's now a part of every conversation he has. It's too bad. I use to like it there. And the only reason I'm giving one star is because I USE TO like it there!!! Shame on them
5	The service, food, and prices are exceptional! Anyone that comes in town, I demand we get sushi to come here. As any great restaurant should, there is a bit of a wait if you arrive during prime dinner time. But its worth every minute. Once you've been seated the service and food come quick! I have tried a number of rolls and have yet to find one I didn't like! Don't be naive to the vegetable rolls!! The avocado and asparagus roll is the perfect complement to a spicy, fish-filled one! A few other favorites include the shrimp tempura, edamame, and fried calamari. They do have an all you can eat option. Although, I have left every visit stuffed and have not yet paid for the AYCE and have still spent less than it costs! Let your appetite and wallet be the judge.
4	This is the usual go to spot in Vegas for AYCE imo. $26 for dinner & $21 for lunch. Quality is good with a lot of appetizers, desserts, nigiri, and so on to choose from. Not to mention all their special rolls as well for the AYCE menu. If you can eat a lot of sushi like I can, you can easily get your money's worth!Location: Corner of a shopping complex with a lot of parking. Place is kinda small, but if you don't go during peak, you'll be fine. They have bar seating as well. Best part, they're open LATE! Vegas standards, 1AM isn't late, but for sushi/restaurant standards, it meets it amazingly.Service: No issues with service. They were attentive, kind, and very quick to refill water and clean the table off.This most recent trip, I just wasn't hungry enough to get my money's worth and ordered the S.S. combo. First time actually that I dined here without ordering the AYCE! Combo came with their salad, soup, and the main dish which included spicy tuna roll, 3 piece nigiri, and 7 piece sashimi for $16!Overall: I'd say this is a great sushi spot outside of LA, where I live. For some reason, I always come to Vegas and crave sushi. If you're wanting AYCE, I would suggest this spot for sure. Def bang for your buck without the loss of quality.
3	For an AYCE sushi joint, this place is just ok. You can only order certain sushi like, uni, twice. How can this be AYCE if you can only order twice? Sushi is ok. Wish the rice to fish ratio was better. Less rice and more fish, please. Service is great. The tempura-vanilla ice cream is a must-have!
5	Ive talked to a lot of sushimen in vegas and they all for some reason recommend sushimon and honestly its true. Their sushi taste the best. I recommend eating here before dinner time. It gets packed!!!
2	They have really good sushi rice, but the construction of their rolls leaves something to be desired. They also do a good job slicing the fish. Their rolls are a mess, and not really flavorful. Service was good, with the exception of the waitress saying, "Hot plate!" and then promptly setting that hot plate down right in front of my 10 month old daughter who enjoys grabbing everything. The waitress may not have had kids, so that may explain why she would do that. Would I come here again? Probably not.
5	FRESH FRESH FRESH! This is by far the best sushi I have ever had in Las Vegas. The place is awesome and so is the food. I will never go to any other sushi spot except sushi mon. You will not be disappointed. The place can be busy at times but its worth it.
4	Best sushi for the price! We thought the rolls were very nice looking.  They were very accommodating. We will be back!!
5	I've been coming here regularly since '09, and I have to say, they have probably the best nigiri creations in town. I am more into the traditional japanese sushi, none of that western sushi (dragon roll, california, & philly roll kinda stuff). That said, I cannot comment or review about their western sushi rolls. Fish to rice ratio is well done. If you're feeling adventurous, order deep fried shrimp heads (not on the menu).
5	Love this little all you can eat sushi! !! Best sushi in town, I think.. All the sushi is super fresh,  rolls are amazing. . Don't forget to try the yellow tail collar,  it's one of my favorites also the fried shrimp heads!
4	Having a sushi roll named after me is an automatic 4 stars!! Come on now, a Cynthia roll!?! My goodness. That NEVER happens!! =DBut besides that, I'm glad there's a sushi place located on this side of town that is opened pretty late. It's good for those late night sushi fix and you don't have to go all the way to the busy Chinatown area.Aside for the Cynthia roll, we order a couple others and they were all delicious. Each order came with 8 pieces. Cannot justify giving Sushi Mon the full 5 stars because 1. it's a bit pricey if you are planning to order a la carte. I'm a  very small eater...I love trying different sushi rolls but I just CANNOT, will not get AYCE because it won't be worth the price for me. So ordering a la carte, you're looking at $10-14 per order. Also, the place is pretty small which means tables are fairly close to each other. Not a big fan of that...I really don't want the table next to me to hear my mildly-inappropriate conversations to my significant other. ;)
5	THIS PLACE IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!! I had the $27 AYCE and i feel like the money I paid for wasn't enough for the quality of sushi I ate. The sushi chefs are very good and friendly, they are always attentive and asking if we wanted more. I recommend everyone to check this place out..random tip: don't forget to order the hamachi kama, super white tuna and the scallops... and the uni nigiris are awesome!!
2	Sushi is good customer service horrible servers obviesly dont speak english or spanish they have noo knowledge ,they assume place a couple menus with there rules for ayce and your good to go! Never come around to check on you really rude servers ! Dont make conversation or try suggest any rolls waiting time is horrible place is small  i wont be taking my business here again!!
3	My experence was ok ... it wasnt the best to die for sushi but the reson why i gave it 3 stars is the service...
2	The food was good but it takes forever for them to bring the food out. I ordered spider roll, it was pretty big so it was hard to eat in one piece. The dynamite was good but it took a while for them to bring it out. I actually had to ask them again for it. And since it was sweet, I needed to off-set the taste so I also ordered shumai. It took half an hour and still no shumai. I finally asked one of the servers for it and within a couple minutes, they brought it out. Were they just sitting on it?
4	The food here is great although the service could definitely be better. I would recommend this place to friends and they're open pretty late so that awesome!
4	Have ordered take out from here several times and would recommend to anyone close by. Food is always done extremely fast and it tastes delicious. Caterpillar roll is the best!!!
5	Great sushi with fast service. You can't go wrong with all you can eat sushi. I had a great time with the friends and family a must if you are looking for a great environment.
5	I am not a big sushi eater (trying to sample more often), so I had guest and a hubby who wanted sushi.  I asked  my  friend for a recommendation and this was it.  Upon entering right at the 4pm changeover the host offered us the lunch or dinner menu which I thought was good customer service.  Both my husband and cousin were very impressed with the selection, quality and unique sushi offerings.  They ordered the ayce and were quite satisfied.  They asked the lady about the 45 minute rule and she said, no need to worry.  Well, actually right about 45 minutes in they were saying "we surrender" and felt very satisfied with the service and volume they received.  I ordered the sesame chicken for myself and while it was not sesame chicken, it was served hot and fresh and was plenty for me with a side of rice.
5	Best all you can eat in Vegas. High quality fish every time I go! A must try for anyone with a sushi craving.
5	This place is my favorite sushi restaurant and has amazing food and service. The staff is super nice and it's all you can eat sushi!!! That is amazing and plus the place is super nice. I love coming here and will be returning almost once a week. You should try it out if you love sushi!!!!!
5	We've been going here since 2008 and we are never disappointed. Place is clean, sushi is always fresh with great quality, staff is always nice, friendly, happy and accommodating. Sushi Mon is a tiny restaurant, sometimes a long wait on weekend dinner nights but it's worth the wait for something local. They don't take reservations either, they keep their business simple. They are not over priced, their sake menu is awesome and sushi menu is exceptional.
4	Another good AYCE sushi fix. The Sex Girl roll is the bomb.Always fresh fish and creative rolls.Lots of variety and they are open until the wee hours if you get a sushi munchy after a night out on the town.You will leave with a smile on your face and wanting to go back again soon.
3	We had all you can eat here last night.  It's a small place with not much seating so unless you call ahead you will likely have to sit at the bar.  The dynamite is delicious along with the tempura ice cream.  I would say the quality is average as well as the price.  The location is convenient but for all you can eat w/ a good quality I would probably go somewhere else.
4	TO NIGIRI: this has to be one of my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant. I love the atmosphere here, it's a great place to hang with my fellow nigiri lovers. All the sushi chefs here are rockstars. Some are funny some are not. But they have a great sense of humor anyway.Just bring your small group friends and give this place a try. The wait can be long during dinner and weekends. The bigger the party the longer the wait. But trust. They get chance.
4	I wish they would expand because they tend to get really busy , other than that the food is amazing .
4	Absolutely love this place!! We have been going here for about 4 years (since we moved to this side of town). The staff had always been very friendly and helpful. The owner in particular is very nice and remembers us every time we come in and actually tries to get to know us. The food is delicious, especially for the price. We bring all our friends and family who come to visit here. Only downside is that the location is a bit small and gets quite busy on the weekends but thankfully pick up orders are never a problem! Totally recommend this place!!
5	I had been craving sushi for a few weeks now...Thursday night after work, my fella decided that after cashing checks, we would hit up Sushi Mon. This location was closer to where we were, so rather than driving ALL the way over to the other location, we came over here.In terms of service, it is hands down GREAT service.  I'd venture to say better than their other location, as I have NEVER had bad service here.   All of the servers were polite, and even joked around with us a few times.There was one order of unagi that we ended up sending back, because it looked significantly less cooked/seared than the last 3 orders we had received.  The servers took it back with no problem, apologizing profusely, and asking if we wanted it prepared again.  They brought it back and it was perfect. Now for the fish!!The quality of fish at the location, just like the Sahara location, is always good.  I've never had anything that was downright BAD, or off.  This trip we had:Super white:  my favourite of all time!!  It almost melts in your mouth. Unagi:  Yum.  We order this 4 orders (each order is 2 pieces) at a timeCajun Albacore: Light spice, and very delciousEbi: perfect!Sardines: These were on special, and I'm not a fan.  The texture was good, but there was a very fishy aromatic flavor that I'm not fond of.  Fella liked them. Negi-toro: weird texture, but good.  (blue fin tuna belly wrapped in seaweed.)Conch: almost a lemon flavor...delicious.Garlic tuna: My second favourite of the night.  SO flavorful!Tako (octopus): My first time NOT having this in a salad.  It was surprisingly tender, and very good.We also had fried gyoza (3 or 5 orders, or something like that), seaweed salad, and sake.  (Ok, I had a lot of sake.  It was delicious, I couldn't  help it.) I love the AYCE option here, as it includes anything off the appetizer menu, and also dessert.  For dessert, I had the green tea creme brulee.  If you have NOT tried this yet, you must.  It is amazing.All in all, Sushi Mon remains my favourite AYCE sushi place, and both locations are equally good.
4	Across the street from my neighborhood, Sushi Mon is dangerously close. All you can eat for $24.95. If you're lucky, you can wait about 30 min for a seat but it's totally worth it. Fresh & delicious  and friendly staff. Highly recommend the "sexy girl" and "pastel" rolls.
5	Always pack here but we don't mind waiting cuz it's all worth it.  Yellowtail collar is my favorite. They will be closeOn 4th of July.
5	Totally agree with the others about super white tuna which will blow away your mind. However, try to order it without sauce, that way, u will taste the freshness and tasty!
4	Not very good service, but pretty good sushi. They didn't even greet us when we walked in/ up to the counter and our server was just okay. But it was very good, and the food came out quickly. I would still go back, but I have others closer, cheaper, with just as good sushi.
5	Fast service (from sushi chefs), and great food. I was so happy with everything I ordered. Took them only 10 mins to get about 15 orders of nigiri and rolls to me! Super speedy!
3	Average AYCE sushi.They don't have no real crab meat, even outside the AYCE menu - imitation crab is a deal breaker for me. While some items were good, others not so much. The chef was a nice guy.Probably it's just that I'm not into AYCE sushi. Maybe I'm just missing Tsukiji Sushi-Zanmai for the incredible value for the price. I know, this is America...
3	I go here because it's close.Yellowtail collar is strong. Fish is fresh. Only thing I don't like is that the rice falls apart too easily. That is kind of a big thing when it comes to sushi.Would I go here again? Sure, but I definitely would drive farther to go to a better place.
5	Great little sushi place with respectable owners, chefs and waiters. The prices are really reasonable with over 50 different sushi options. The hours here are also perfect for people like me who are random. Overall great sushi shop!
4	Definitely a go to place when you're in Vegas and want AYCE Sushi.  Let me start off with the place.  It's a pretty small location and with the amount of interest, this place gets packed and wait times can range from 10 min to 90 min+.  On our last trip there, we had a party of six and what disturbed us the most was that seating was not on a first come first served basis for larger groups.  You would expect the staff to hold tables that are next to each other and almost nearly closing out to fit a larger group but that was not the case.  Groups of four was being seated before us and we had to wait for a larger table that would normally fit six.  We had to wait almost 90+ minutes before we got a table.  My recommendation is to get there before they open which I believe is 11am or after 2pm when it starts to die down.  The food there is awesome!  Nothing to complain about.  Try anything that catches your eye.  My top picks are the white tuna, garlic ahi, ama ebi, unagi, masago w/ qual eggs, calamari, shrimp tempura, etc.  It looks like they opened another location so we'll most likely try that place out when we're back in town.
4	I work at a sushi restaurant but I come here when I crave sushi :D Service is great.Food is great. Unfortunately, unlike most places, they do not have soft shell crab for AYCE appetizers :( I've been coming here for years. Still a royal customer!
4	Sushi here is good - not as extensive as some other places in town I've seen, but enough to provide plenty of variety to all but the most extreme of sushi snobs (of which I am not). I tried the seaweed salad, several different nigiris, and a few rolls during my AYCE experience. All was very good, and came out quick too. Bonus for AYCE is you can do half rolls... Allows for more variety so why not?The service was pretty quick and the sushi chefs were super friendly. I can't say that it's the best sushi I've had in town - but it seems pretty darn good for a strip mall in Henderson. I'd definitely be up for sushi mon again, not sure I can fill up their buy 10 get one free AYCE card though, that just seems a little implausible to me... But hey, you give it a try.
5	Still and always will be my favorite sushi place. Fresh fish, great service! I am never disappointed at SushiMon!
3	Who goes to Vegas without stopping by a few AYCE?  Sushi Mon is a great little joint with some decent eats!Sushi Mon is a small and lightly decorated place with some good eats to offer.  The fish is fresh and the portion sizes are decent.  On a shady note, they do seem to pack a whole lot of rice in every bite.  Tactic to fill you up on rice faster?  Probably.  You can pack away a variety of items before having to loosen the belt.  They have daily/nightly specials written out so make sure you take a peek at the board before you order.  As far as AYCE goes, they're not bad.  I do think there are better sushi places you could go to but if you want speedy seating and no-fuss service, come here!  You get what you pay for without the unnecessary frills.  Whenever my friends and I come here, we try to score a seat at the sushi bar.  It's always fun watching the sushi chefs prepare stuff and if it's slow, they make random handrolls and other items for you to try.  The chefs are sweeties but the waitresses tend to steer clear when you're sitting at the bar.  Can a girl get more tea please?
3	Average AYCE sushi, just as another reviewer said.sushi is AYCE quality. not better, not worse than any other place. probably not returning again...but just so you know what i mean by average AYCE:-shrimp tempura made with anemic shrimp, not in panko but regular batter-it's a plus they have uni but minus that it's not good quality-plus that they have the raw shrimp. also plus that they deep fry the head, but minus that the deep fried head is very oily and a bit soggy. perhaps oil not hot enough?-there's a 1hr limit-white tuna and hamachi is decent qualityi've definitely had worse but i've also had better. meh.
4	Never fails been coming here since I've moved on this side of town. 2005 the best!!!I'm on my sixth stamped card not including the visits that I didn't have the buffet!!!! Garlic tuna a must have always probably had 10 pieces!!!!!!!!
5	Love this place! Always very happy with everything! Quick service, and the all you can eat is worth your money!
5	The food is really good. Fish is fresh, food is delicious. I would definitely recommend it!
5	I enjoy their sushi a lot! Whenever I go with my family, we always do all you can eat sushi. You get your money's worth! Whenever we're really hungry and craving sushi, we come here! During the day, it isn't that busy but when you come during the night, it's quite the wait and a lot of people.
3	Pros: super white tuna nigiri is bomb. Service is good. Water is always refilled and always greeted when walking in or leaving. Service can be fast with orders.Cons: tiny. Gets way too packed. Would not recommend big groups. Depending on whose working food can take a while to get served even though we can see it sitting at the bar.
5	Love sushi-mon we try to go as often as possible because food is fresh and always soo yummy!! You have to get the baked green muscles and the salmon belly. Also the hurricane roll and the tiger rolls are soo delicious. This is my all time favorite sushi restaurant in vegAs ohh also love the yellow tail collar yumm-o!!!!
2	First time we wanted to dine here, there was a 30 minute wait. We were too hungry so we left but anticipated our return since there were so many good reviews on here.I hate to say our experience did not live up to expectations..We sat at the bar for all you can eat. The sushi chefs didn't talk much at all, and the waiter was pretty slow in refilling drinks. Mine was empty for 5 minutes before they came to refill it.I was enjoying my calamari and my Volcano Roll. I then ordered a deep-fried roll which I had never tried before, and stopped when I pulled a long hair out of a piece of my sushi. I completely lost my appetite and won't be returning. I really don't see what the hype is about, we've had 200% better experiences at I Love Sushi.
4	Came through for AYCE lunch on a Friday. We arrived at 12pm, only 15 minutes after opening, and the place was already buzzing. By 12:15 it was packed, although the lunch crowd had cleared out by 1pm.The food was great! My favorite was the Exstacy roll. I also like that they put extra sauces right on the menu, and of course they are included in AYCE. The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5, is that they did not have any sashimi on the menu. Some other AYCE places will limit you to one order of sashimi per person, but I appreciate having the option. But, their fish was very fresh so we did get a couple orders of plain sushi.
3	My husband and I came here this past weekend (Sunday afternoon) during our Vegas trip. We usually try to make a stop here every time we're in town but this time the service was extremely sub par.We were first seated by "A" who is one of the most INCOMPETENT servers/and hostesses that I have ever met or seen in my life. Just horrible mannerisms and cannot deal with anything on her own.Anyway, she doesn't understand the concept of customer service. Why do I say that? Well we came in and she just pushed us aside even though she had a table open.After we waited for a while, she introduced herself. We ordered. But time was ticking and we didn't get what we wanted. AT ALL.She was just a horrible server all around who didn't own up to her incapabilities.Our lunch lasted longer than usual because of her.Besides"A"-the horrible server, we were also told we couldn't get anything unless we paid for dinner price. (it was lunch time though...) But apparently they changed the rules and now you can't order your 1order of Uni unless you pay for dinner price even during lunch hours. And also you can't order Mango Mochi unless you pay for dinner price, although you can order Strawberry Mochi (Totally don't understand that rationale, but whatever)..OVERALL : Food was so-so, but service & rule-changes this time was BAD.
5	I love this place. Service is always wonderful. The chefs are awesome. I always do the all you can eat. The bang for your buck. Plus you get deserts. If you get the opportunity to have chef Alfredo he's is amazing! Once he know what you like he will create sushi that cater to your flavor. The conversation is always great with the chefs. Everything is fresh. And I love their green tea creme breule.
4	This place has a good lunch special menu & all-you-can-eat sushi menu for $21.95/26.95. Their regular menu has good pricing as well.I came here after checkout during Sunday brunch. The service was good and fast.It's a smaller restaurant with a sushi bar area, so you might wait 15-20 min. It was good experience overall, especially after your typical drunken Vegas night. Thanks Sushi Mon!
1	This place is NOT kid friendly, they state clearly at the table that you can't share food with your child and I'm sorry but my 3 year old is not going to eat enough that they should be worried. Additionally they charged is 3$ for our infant whom we know is really going to just slobber on some rice.
5	I love this place! They have fast service, quality sushi and sashimi and a great atmosphere. My favorite roll, lemon roll! It is sooooo refreshing! They also have an amazing sashimi salad! You have to try it next time you visit! Oh! and they serve half rolls! I have visited numerous sushi restaurants and if they don't serve half rolls, I will definitely not go back! I like enjoying a great variety of flavors and textures which is hard to attain if you're eating 8 rolls of the same thing... And hopefully those 8 rolls are good. That's what keeps me coming back to them!
5	We had a good experience in this small restaurant with big surprise in flavors.The sushi and sashimi was very good absolutely tasty made. Come here if you are looking for fresh and simple sushi that will melt in your mouth. The price was really reasonable with good service. I love to have lunch in this restaurant.
2	We've been regular customers since it opened, today's food was terrible.  Sweet shrimp was bad, uni was brown, scallops was sour to the point of burning my tongue, and rice was big.  Very very disappointed.
1	Snobbish host, generally don't care about your business.  Went in with tables open, however, was told all reserved and customers waiting, but there was no one there.  Requested why the was of 30mins when there's no one in line, waiter simply told us it's just how it is.  This place was my favorite for the longest time, with excellent service.  Throughout the years the service level has drastically deteriorated, seems like to happen when their business gets really good.  I hope their management do something about it coz I genuinely like their atmosphere and the great food they provide.
4	The only sushi I go to here in vegas, yes I'm sure there are plenty of other good spots, but my girlfriend and I just have such a hard time finding good restaurants here that we don't even want to risk going somewhere else, this place is just fine. Price is average for any ayce sushi. And get a stamp card, every ten stamps you get 1 ayce!
1	I am kicking myself for coming here! I live close and thought I would try it. The worst sushi I've had in a long time. The rice was super dry and the fish is prob grade D. They hide the worst fish in the rolls.
5	This place is the best for the AYCE. I live in California and I had to visit this place on the way home from Vegas.  It was one of the high points of my visit. That and seeing a casino in the Ralphs/ Smith's. I would come back here anytime. They had an amazing list of rolls and nigiri. It even included dessert.
5	Close to home... First time trying Sushi and it was excellent!!! Small place but worth it..To go is just as good as well!!!
5	Hands down the best sushi in town. Even if you don't do raw, you will love it. tempura ice cream is a must!
4	I love coming here.  I enjoy the options and that I can try whatever I want for the one flat price.
4	We've been here a few times and Arturo is great with recommendations. I would give them 5 stars, but in the evenings the wait time can be pretty long and that can be a pain but they're good at calling when tables are ready and the staff are friendly.Tip - I love the Cajun albacore best! It has a lemon hint to it and it's delicious!
3	Sushi Mon isn't bad, but I'd rather go to Oyshi or Yama. The selection of food is not as great as either Oyshi or Yama for all you can eat. However, I like that they have daily specials. Often times, Sushi Mon offers toro, which is not offered at many other AYCE sushi places. The staff is friendly, the bathroom clean, and the food fresh.Tip: don't forget to ask for the stamp card. After enough all you can eat stamps, you get one free.
4	If say 5 stars for the food in the context of AYCE sushi. However 3 stars for the service
4	Sushi mon is a great deal for an ayce. They have a great variety of rolls and sides that you can eat along with your sushi. I love sitting at the bar and being able to order as I go along. However, Depending on the time that you go, service can be a bit slow. They only down side to sushi mon is that uni is limited to 1 per person for the ayce.
5	Consistently amazing sushi and decent service. All you can eat is the only way to go, make sure the whole group gets it so everyone can share. Great miso soup, baked green mussels and an interesting dynamite, which is served piping hot and in a mini cast iron. Friday and Saturday nights are always slammed so prepare to get there early and maybe have a coffee next-door while you wait for your table. More patrons than seats is always a good sign!
3	It's been 2-3yrs since I've been to Sushi Mon, and uh wtf happened?? Sushi Mon used to be my go to ayce sushi spot since it was awesome and I lived about a mile away. I stopped going because I moved to a different city, then to a different area of LV and it's sad how bad this place is now. Positive change - they've finally added more seating for people waiting outside. Negative changes - more things missing from the menu, slow service (waiters and sushi chefs), crappier quality sushi. My very fav smoked salmon nigiri has been off the menu for a while, but now they also got rid of the fried oysters, couple rolls I liked and the curry bowl too. Despite sitting at the sushi bar on a night that wasn't full, it took forever to get sushi (they had 5 chefs working). The dishes piled up since the waiters never stopped, and I had to literally grab them to put in orders as they ran by since waving did nothing.   Dry hamachi and salmon kama, sloppy looking rolls and nigiri, smaller pieces of fish and they don't seem to put wasabi in the nigiri anymore. Spicy scallop hand roll that literally had 2 pieces of bay scallop mixed in with a lot of imitation crab, and also wasn't spicy at all. Even my lychee ice cream was all crystallized and icy. The quality had been going down for a while, but I'm officially done with Sushi Mon now - there are too many other ayce options to waste money here.
3	Food is ok, not friendly if you are solo. I guess they can get more money place two people at a table instead of one. Both times I went there the bar was full, they had tables open and they wanted me to wait for a bar seat to open. The first time I left, the second time I made the seat me at a table.
4	Sushi is awesome and delicious, however, seating is extremely limited. I would recommend ordering for pick up because it is always busy!!
2	This place use to be my favorite sushi restaurant, however, they are not any more. The quality of the sushi is fair to poor. The fish does not taste fresh.  The restaurant was closed down by the Dept of Health a few months ago, for one day, due to a large amount of flies and food being kept at incorrect temperatures. I still gave them a chance after that. The last time I was at Sushi Mon I saw a large roach crawling down the wall behind the sushi bar.  I will never go back. I was a loyal customer for six years and I will find a new sushi restaurant to spend my money at.
5	Sushi Mon is my sushi home away from home.  Since I travel to Las Vegas often, I have tried all the high end sushi eateries you can imagine.  Although all were amazing, the hit to your wallet is worse than some of the gambling tables in Vegas.  $26.95 gets you all you can eat sushi which includes a plethora of choices. Keep and eye on their chalk board for special cuts. For instance I was fortunate enough to have had Blue Fin tuna which normally is an fin and a leg - yes that was cheesy, sue me - but it was included in the deal. 1 order per person on the special items.The house rules are simple and if you can't read, they provide simple illustrations to follow. Despite the handy instruction card they have at the bar, you will inevitably have someone try to cheat the system.  I don't know about you but the last person I try to antagonize is man who is very skilled with a super sharp knife. If eating as much sushi as humanly possible is your objective, then void the rolls or ordering too many sides dishes.  Stick with the nigiri and venture out of your comfort zone. Don't be afraid to ask for suggestions and letting them know of any allergies you may have. I have a shell fish allergy so they prepared my sushi on a different cutting board to avoid cross contamination.That is really going the extra mile because other sushi establishments I frequent can care less.  The attention to detail and their customer service sets them apart. If you want great sushi at a reasonable price, Sushi Mon will definitely hit the spot. Oh and don't forget to try the lychee sorbet... Simply the best!!!
5	This is my favorite AYCE sushi place in town.  They make the best Futomaki and Spider rolls out of anywhere I've been.  They also have great unagi there.  When they have yellowtail collar as a special I suggest you get it.  Another great special is their green tea creme brulee.  They include all their side dishes for their AYCE price, and they have great hot tea to accompany any meal.  It gets quite packed in here, so be ready for a wait, or go after the lunch rush and before dinner (2pm-6pm).
1	How in the world does this place have good reviews? Have any of you been to the other sushi joints in Vegas? I've been to about eight different sushi joints here in Vegas, and this was by far the worst. By a big big margin. It took us 25 minutes to get seated. The host seemed confused and thoroughly stressed. There was open seats the whole time. All the to go order customers were being informed their orders would be 10-15 minutes late.Upon being seated, we had a waitress who didn't know how to smile, didn't check in on us once. You have to grab her.And the worst part? Approximately 15 minutes for your order to come out. And that is not an exaggeration, that was timed. Multiple customers were extremely upset about the service.The food was so so. About average. Service was the worst I've received at any sushi joint I've ever been to(and that's about 75 across the US). And top three worst service ever received.1/5. Will not return. Half a dozen sushi joints in Vegas that are better in every aspect.
4	Sushi Monday is around the corner from me, and it's a solid choice for tasty Japanese food, especially late night. I'm not a sushi aficionado by any means, so this review will just cover the standard fare. The tempura is fresh and piping hot, therefor yummy. The age gyoza is great. Beef bowl is a delish winner, and the teriyaki bowls also have sliced asparagus, a perfect addition. The big complaint I have is how busy and popular they are! They take reservations, and it's a must have on weekends, unless you enjoy waiting for an empty table. They also do a great to-go business, so if you are like me, you call and order, then pick it up, and avoid how busy they can be.
5	By far one of the best Sushi restaurants in Las Vegas area, fish is always good, and fresh. Garlic edamame is the best, deserts are delicious. Hot Saki is super yummy...
3	I'm very torn about this place. The sushi is great in my opinion. I'm not sushi connoisseur but I like what I like and they do a pretty good job. It's clean and their late hours are very convenient. The service is average, nothing special but the GM is THE WORST. He is rude, impatient, and will ignore you for several minutes. Yes this place can get very busy and yes sometimes the wait is 20-30 mins. but he will quote you an hour long wait just in the hopes that you will leave! He is never pleasant when he answers the phone and lacks good customer service. I continue to frequent this place because I love the Pastel roll and I love the late night hours (he's not usually there too late) but if I have another poor experience with the GM I will have to reconsider how much time and money I choose to spend there.
3	As a regular (ate here well over 20 times) I would say this place is a hit or miss. On a busy night i would skip this place altogether.  While the raw scallops the best I have had for an all you can eat place the service is just horrible. On their slower nights the service is wonderful and the food is equally great. I dislike how rude the host/cashier person can be. I get it 'you have a high volume of people in that small restaurant' BUT that does not justify treating your paying guests like a burden. I will say the food is pretty tasty and for what you pay it's worth it. Service needs improvement regardless. Go check it out.
4	Ordered carryout sushi, some nigiri and some rice. Uni was not that fresh, but everything else was good. Only complaints are that they gave me tuna instead of salmon even after I repeated my order twice, and that they don't do udon soup as a carryout menu item.
3	3 stars for an average sushi experience: Wait time was 30 minutes, which isn't terrible considering some places have an hour wait for a Friday night. The service was okay, nothing to rave about, but they weren't terrible. Not very personable or helpful. The food was meh, it's not the best, but there's definitely worse out there. I think I'll stick to Yama sushi
1	I dont like to hurt small business by writing negative reviews but this place surely deserve it. I felt taken for my money at the end of the day. That was one of the worst culinary experiences I have ever had.  Horrible service and no service is what I got at this joint.. Food way below average.... Their rolls are blend and tasteless.... Not to mention they dont even look like on the picture. The food is not prepared by Japanese chef but rather a dude with a Spanish accecnt. I h o nestly enjoyed only 1 roll out of 7 I ordered. Never was greeded upon arrival,  Never heard thank you once upon leavin. I will be sure to stay away from sushi mon
5	Awesome all you can eat sushi! Super close to my place too! Sushi is super good and fresh! Place is kinda small so need to go early or call in advance!
3	The shrimp tempura almost didn't even have shrimp in it and it was extremely over cooked and greasy. The waiter was ignoring us and I had to call out for someone to come bring us the bill. The food was just okay, it just so happens to be near my house, however I don't think I will come back. It just wasn't anything special. The presentation was nice though, the rolls looked pretty.
3	Their fish is fresh and they have some good lunch specials. I don't like that they use imitation crab meat in most of their rolls. They also don't offer a kids price for AYCE. $26 for a five year old is a little too pricey.
5	By far my most favorite sushi place. I always get the Ah Chi Chi roll and the Cajun Albacore.The staff has always been extremely friendly to us, and the all you can eat is a good price. The fish is always great quality every time we go in and if you haven't tried the Green Tea Creme Brulee, I highly reccomend it.
5	For all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas you can't beat Sushi Mon. The restaurant is not too big so sometimes there is a long wait, but if you don't mind eating at the sushi bar you are good to go. I recommend the Pastel and Spider for cut rolls. Cajun albacore is a delight as well. If you don't do the all you can eat the pricing is very reasonable. If you do the all you can eat do not leave without ordering the Yellow Tail Collar. It is a delicacy and I highly recommend it. The dinner all you can eat is only $26.95 and it comes with sides a plenty. Will come back here over and over again.
5	Came here for my FIRST TIME with family while I visited.  Just say "SUSHI" and my big booty is THERE.  Lol!  At $22 (for lunch) and $25 (for dinner) I think I ate waaaay more than what was paid.  People have said the nigiri portions (fish to rice) aren't great but I thought they were fine.  I mean, I'm no sushi expert but I thought it was GREAT!  Ordered (12 people)1. Super white tuna -my FAVORITE thing there, nice and clean flavored with the ponzu sauce that it had.  Oh so MELT in your mouth delicious.  Get it!2. Salmon -it's always my go-to when I eat sushi.  Very soft and melt in your mouth awesome.3. Masago w/quail egg -crunch of the masago mixed with the creaminess of the quail egg...MMMMM!4. Uni w/quail egg (only served at dinner) -ORGASM IN YO MOUTH5. Ikura w/quail egg -ocean flavor with that creaminess?  Yes.6. Shrimp tempura -Filler.  It was ok but, not doing again.  7. Seared tuna -Also came with the same ponzu sauce.  It was ok, probably woody order it again.8. Soft shell crab roll -I'm a sucker for soft shell crab.  Another must order.9. Green tea ice cream -My palette cleanser.  Nice green tea flavor.  A must after I eat sushi.10. Tempura ice cream -JUST.  GET.  IT.  A deep fried japanese bread holding vanilla ice, whip cream, and a cherry.  Yum!  If they drizzled chocolate syrup over it...PERFS.There were other things ordered but these were what I mostly ate.  Service was not that bad.  Orders came out once they were ready (not like other places that come out at ONE time).  That's a plus for me.  Well...the fact that it was ALL YOU CAN EAT...made it a SUPER plus for me.  Definitely coming back.
5	This place is to die for !I recommend you do the all you can eat it's reasonable and really worth it ! I love the roll sexy girl and hurricane ! There my favorite !(: sit at the bar they make then faster you have 45 minutes for lunch in 60 minutes for dinner!
5	We were at sushi mon on December 24th. It was a little bit of wait for 3 of us to get seated. This is our 4th time and we figured things out. We ordered specials on the chalk board first, because they are always fresh and good. The yellowtail collar appetizer was great. I felt like I was back in japan in a small izakaya. We only order nigiri sushi because we love fish. Seared tuna, seared salmon and fresh scallop were our favorites of the day. Their fish is always very fresh and as good as being in japan. They sometimes get rice either not cooked right or the chef did not roll it tight enough, and rice can fall apart. However , we hit the good night and all nigiri made were near perfect.We tried other AYCE sushi places, but this place is the best among them!
5	I heard a lot good thing about this place so we wanted to try out.  We've been some sushi restaurant but I think this will be our spot.  Nigiri sushi were a lot smaller than another restaurants but it was pretty good!  Just order more.  Lol. Rolls are awesome too.  But I didn't  see any noodle menu like everybody posted thogh.  Overview,I'll recommended to my friends.
2	I came to this location instead of Sahara because I figure the original is usually better than the other locations. This place left so much to be desired. I had high hopes from the the reviews but I can't. Be forewarned that I'm a visual person when it comes to food. The fish cuts were poor and the rolls broken and not well formed. I did not like the Futomaki but it's my fault for not reading it thoroughly. Unfortunately the rolls didn't live much to its hype either as they were all overpowered by one component or sauce. The only thing that really tasted good was the salmon belly(despite its poor presentation). But the super white tuna was great!! Other than this, the pricing was spot on for AYCE; $22 for lunch and $27 for dinner. Service and cleanliness are a thumbs up. But other than that, not enough for me to return. Sorry Sushi Mon.
3	So I ate here at 9 on a Sunday night and it was super busy. We had to wait 15 minutes to sit anywhere and there were empty tables they would not let us sit at because they said there were other people on the list that we're going to be seated there. For a party of 2, waiting for that long to then finally be sat at the bar where I originally asked to be seated at was annoying. Best part: sushi is awesome and the garlic edamame is delicious. You can get half rolls which is nice for all you can eat.Bad part: long wait, hostess service sucks, waitress was ok and made it very clear we had to eat all of our sushi or we would be charged extra. There are so many rules and I was scared that if I didn't eat every single grain of my rice they would charge me.Honestly I prefer other places that are more lenient and don't stalk your leftovers.
3	It saddens me to give this joint 3 stars because this was my favorite AYCE spot in town. They offer an AYCE menu, which is $21.95 for lunch and $26.95 for dinner, but you can also opt for a la carte sushi. Prices vary for a la carte depending on what your order. Just remember, if you do a la carte, you're not allowed to share with an AYCE patron in your party. If you're hungry and want everything and anything on the menu, AYCE is the way to go. Throughout the years, their quality and flavors have gone down. Their service is a hit or miss depending on the time you come in. I live down the street so this was our spot to go to. On our last visit however, things were lacking.The seaweed salad has gotten really watery and salty. This is usually my favorite appetizer to order, but this time it was hard to eat. The garlic edamame was awful. They overcooked the garlic and now our edamame was just bitter. My bf ordered the tiger roll and his reaction to the presentation was "it's not made with love anymore." The avocado looked like it had been smeared over the top of the roll instead of cut nicely and placed on top. And it was an overkill with the imitation crab inside. Same thing with the lemon roll. Really sloppy presentation and too much imitation crab. The nigiri we ordered was really good though. Not too much rice and the fish was nice and plump. And I love their yellowtail collar. If it's on the specials menu, order one!! It's tender, moist and grilled to perfection. All in all, this isn't a bad sushi joint. I'm just hoping that we just dined in on an off night because I really do like this spot.
5	This is one of the few sushi joints that I love and trust. ACE for 2 was $54. We also had 2 Sodas & a bottle Sake making our total $75 and some change. Great selection of sake. Servers are very nice to look at! :-)  They were also  knowledgable of the sushi and sake menu. Our waiter made a suggestion on a sweet sake and on The Chubby roll. Both great suggestions. I love Sushi Mon because of the fresh taste that their fish has. I eat everything from eel to octopus to tuna to just their appetizers. Everything is so delicious and fresh that it will leave you wanting more. Get ACE if you want to try everything. It's all yummy.Next time I'll do a play by play on my meal here because I love it so much.
2	First time visit, not impressed. The sushi rice was dry, no flavor and it fell apart as soon as you picked it up. The tempura was soggy and not hot so I'm lead to believe it's pre-cooked and not fresh. On a good side the chicken teriyaki was good and the service staff is friendly and attentive.
