3	Some quick prices/info before I start my review:- $9.75 for adult tickets in the afternoon or evening, $8.50 for matinees.- $11 for a reserved adult ticket in the afternoon or evening, $8 for reserved seat for children and seniors.- $5 for morning movies.- $9 to $12.50 for salads, pizzas, sandwiches and appetizers. Kids meals are $5.95.- $4.50 for domestic draft beers, $15 for a pitcher.- $7 to $12 for wine by the glass, $21 to $100 per bottle.- $8 and up for margaritas, $26 for a pitcher.- $4.25 for buttered popcorn.Ok, we went to SMG last night for drinks and a late movie. When we first walked in I was beyond excited to experience a reasonably priced dine/drink in movie. The bar area was great and the staff was very friendly. We hung out in the lounge area for about an hour eating and drinking until our movie began seating.Once in the theater, everything went downhill fast!We decided to sit in the back row in an oversized (very firm) chair. This decision was based mainly on the fact that our only alternative was a rolly office chair. WHAT you ask? Correct. Uncomfortable, office chairs were in the theater. Weird to say the least.We, along with the other patrons, continued to order drinks and food in the theater. Big mistake. The theater is not set up correctly for employees to be walking around delivering food/drinks, discussing orders, and dropping checks. I was so distracted by the massive number of people walking back and forth in front of me that I started counting them! After about 30 minutes of counting, I had reached 41 times that an employee walked in front of me to attend to something. I understand that it is their job, and it was the first night, but I was so distracted that I left the movie frustrated and not knowing what I had just watched.All in all, I want to like this place. It is in a great location and the staff was friendly. I also loved the bar aspect. I plan to go back in a few weeks after they have had time to work out the kinks and see if my movie watching experience improves.
5	I'm surprised this place has not gotten more reviews and good ones at that.Went last night after I received a free coupon admitting 2 adults in. We were greeted by a very friendly staff and did not run into once employee that was disgruntled or not genuinely happy to see you there.We were a little late for the movie but able to find somewhere to sit as there were 2 options available. You can either try and get an area with the leather/plush chairs that have a movable arm rest (makes it great for date nights out) and there are some areas where it is a row of office like chairs behind the leather chairs'; with an area blocking the office chairs from the leather ones that double as tables for the office chairs.It was very convenient to have the service button; I pressed it before I had a chance to actually look at the menu when our server arrived. The service was very prompt; was informed of the specials they had (margarita Monday's - $2 dollars off any margarita drink) and our food was pretty good. I had the coconut chicken, strawberry frozen margarita and my date had the angus burger. Everything was very tasty.We were able to enjoy the movie without worrying to get up for more drinks or snacks; not to mention they have a full bar and dinner menu to order from.I would definitely be going back regardless if I have free tickets or not.
3	I recently had the opportunity to experience the new movie theater, Studio Movie Grill, this past Tuesday. The movie theater has only been open for a total of 4 days from the grand opening on Friday the week prior. The layout of the movie theater I found to be quite plesant. It is very modern and sleek. The customer service was decent. Everyone was friendly for the most case; however, the operation at the bar was quite slow and the service was not the best. Everywhere else I found the service to be nice. The men's bathroom must have a broken pipe because it really smells in there.
3	Studio Movie Grill opened up last Friday, and while there is much potential for this movie theater, there are still a few kinks to work out.  Our theater had fold down desk counters for only the right side of the chairs, so anyone sitting on the left side only had the metal underside to stabilize your food on rather than a wooden table.  In addition, service buttons weren't on all the tables, which made it hard to ask for service during the movie.  We had lunch before going here so we didn't feel like trying any of the food, but I did order a frozen hot chocolate for dessert/drink.  It was indulgent and delicious.  All the employees here were very nice and after the movie the manager greeted us and wanted to make sure we had a good experience.  I'll go here again to try out their food, and hopefully by then they will have gotten in the left sides of the table countertops!
3	Well it's definitely good for the money, pricing is close to the same of a regular theatre. So here's my pros & consPros: low prices, you can get reserved seating online, lots of restaurant type meal choices which you can eat in bar area, or inside the theatre, decent size movie screen, lots of servers, and greeters, and pretty family friendly. It's alot more casual than ipic. Also, for a Friday evening getting tickets to Breaking Dawn was not a problem, no line or anything! And lots of parking too.Cons: the speaker in the theatre wasn't working, kept crackling so loud there were parts of the movie I couldn't hear. There is no happy hour in bar area ever, the seats were very strange, I felt like I was in school or at work. There was no personal space between me and the person sitting next to me. It's overstaffed, and hard to hear the person announcing the movie they were lining people up for. Tip: they re still giving 2 free movie tickets online!
4	thanks to 2 free movie passes, we rode up to Studio Movie Grill today to see an afternoon movie. good thing Twilight was showing because we basically had our movie to ourselves!the theater we were in was very nice. exceptionally clean. we chose the captain chair seating with the 2 swing away tables. my only negative was that i wish the seats "rocked" a little more so i could actively participate  in the movie, as i am a very vocal and dramatic movie go-er (i have no problem yelling out "oh snap!" when a greek warrior smashes in the head of his enemy).we didn't order food, but the prices seem very reasonable and comparable for a mid-range restaurant. even the popcorn and drink prices are about the same. you have a little call button on your table and a server will come, take your order, your bill, etc. about 45 minutes before the movie ends, you get your bill and then pay and leave it at your seat. this whole "dinner and movie" concept is cool, and i know it's not new, but i'm glad it's catching on. i had a great time, especially since i was with my wife.
3	My mom and I visited this theater over the weekend to see Breaking Dawn and with the two free movie passes I found online, I couldn't pass up the deal.  Our theater was mostly empty which was nice and we ordered once we sat down.  I got the chicken tenders and a sweet tea and my mom ordered a grilled cheese.  We both got our food before the movie started, so within 5-10 mins, and mine wasn't even warm.  It was maybe lukewarm at best.  The sweet tea was too sweet and I received marinara sauce with my chicken strips instead of honey mustard.  I agree with what someone else said about the waiters being distracting running in front of the screen.  Luckily there was no one in front of us so it wasn't as much of a distraction but I can see how it would be.The back row of seats are semi nice chairs with little tables but the front rows are merely swivel office chairs that they placed in there. Kind of tacky.  Don't know if I'd go back besides for the free coupons.
2	Let me start by saying that when you first walk in and you see the small bar area and the ropes to separate us into single groups...I was like are we a herd of cattle or sheep or something. Won't be back here anytime soon...there is more staff walking around in the auditorium than customers.......not to mention the entire place is designed wrong for this kind of movie experience. They  have sections with office chairs... Really office chairs.... I don't even have words for it. There are many other great choices in the valley for this kind of content (food and drink with your movie).....and while we enjoyed the movie....I can't say much else good about the place. The reason it is getting two stars instead of one is because the customer service is top notch.....they are very friendly and attentive. Keep all of this in mind if you should decide to visit here....but continue to Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!!
3	used our two free tix coupon tonight to see happy feet 2(horrible movie)Food was below par - had a burger which was very small and on a real cheap white bun- came ontop of a mountain of soggy fries- food arrived cold- 10$-Seats were not comfortable- the sound system and picture quality was excellent-nothing spectacular- I miss Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club which had wonderful food and service and was locally owner- oh well thats the way it goes these days
4	My husband and I along with just about everyone else went to SMG because of the complimentary passes. I liked theater alot. It was spacious and clean. We sat in the large seats which felt a little cozy. No, the seat didn't recline or rock, but I don't need it too. I ordered the burger with fries. Okay, the patty was a little small for the bun, but it tasted good. I received a combo of sweet potato fries & regular fries. That wouldn't been fine if that's what I'd ordered. The food was good nonetheless. My husband got a basket of popcorn, and they gave him alot. It wasn't a bad experience. The only negative thing I have to say is this, when the food comes it's so bloody dark in there you cannot tell if it's what you ordered until you start eating it. We have 2 more passes so we'll go back next. If it weren't for the free passes we wouldn't be going back so soon. I do like the idea of sipping a little wine while I watch a movie. We went back last week and the angus burger which knocked our socks off! I've added an extra star for the outstanding burgers and fries.
3	I was here last night with some friends to see Twilight. I mean I had free movie passes so why not right? I remember when it was the old movie theater so the changes they made were a HUGE improvement. When you walk in, it is a little confusing because all the lines say will-call. Luckily there was no one in line so I just walked up as I wasn't sure where to go. She gave us our ticket as well as menus to look over what we may want to order while enjoying our movie. Wow what a menu it is. The funny thing is all I wanted was popcorn and I had to search high and low to find it lol. It was literally the last line on the opposite side of the menu. So we go to the theater and like others have stated it is a weird set up. Luckily for us we didn't have to be herded in like others have experienced as it was pretty empty at 5pm. We picked our seats, which were the ones that had the trays in front of us. Not the weird rolling work chairs in which it looks like you are sitting at desk. That is way weird indeed.  We got comfy and pressed our button to order some food. My friend Toni ordered the kahlua mudslide and some sweet potato fries and I ordered a diet pepsi and some popcorn. OMG the popcorn was so good. It served in a basket with  side butter. It has to be a large because I swear it was never ending. My other girlfriend even was able to nosh on it and still we didn't finish it. My friend's drink was huge and she said her sweet potato fries were pretty good. I don't like the fact that the lights under those weird desk stay on the entire time. That along with people constantly walking in front of you to drop off orders or to take them was a little annoying. But I will say that the staff was very friendly and attentive.Overall it is ok. I have not been to IPIC or Ultrastar so I have nothing to compare this too but it wasn't bad, just ok. I might give a try again after I check the others but we will see.
2	My wife took the kids to the show and dinner. She said the place was pretty cool and had good offerings. However, two of the six children ate nachos and those two both ended up vomiting later that night. It was definitely pinned on their nachos. The bigger negative was that she called to speak with management, namely to see if others had similar issues, and they never ever returned her phone call. That's rather weak of management to do when trying to establish a new brand. I'm going to go this Friday and check it out for myself...but I won't order any nachos. I'll update after my attendance.
4	My sister passed along a free movie pass so the hubby and I went yesterday. This place is really nice! I'm not much of a drinker, but the bar was impressive. We were the first of 6 people to arrive for the afternoon showing of The Immortals. The movie was nothing to write home about, however the theater is. The seats are roomy and comfy with a tray for food that slides back & forth. It would have been nice if the seats reclined more. I ordered the popcorn which was buttery, salty and yummmmmy:) I took 1 star away because the volume was crazy-loud. I anticipate the volume being loud which is why I always bring earphones to the movie. It was still so loud that I couldn't hear the sarcastic comments I was making in my head about Micky Rouke.
2	I went to take advantage of the free ticket deal to see the Immortals with friends - but when we arrived, the theater had suffered a burnt-out bulb and we were forced to see Twilight instead.  While that might be grounds for a negative star review and a human rights complaint, I opted to tolerate it for the sake of science.The theater is about what I've come to expect.  The service is good - you have a call button you can push and the waiter'll come running out to you - and they pretty much cater to your every whim while you relax and watch your movie.  However, the food is hilariously overpriced, which I did anticipate, so I can't say it was a shock to me.  But it's not getting any Michelin stars, let's put it that way.The major dealbreaker - the reason I give this place a bad review - is the seating.  Half is theater seating, which is maybe one step above your normal theater seating, and the other half were office chairs with desks in front of them.  Okay, sure, they're NICE office chairs, but the place just opened.  Wait three months and see how nice they are then.Why is this a dealbreaker if the chairs are sufficiently comfy and the service is respectable, and you knew what you were in for, you might ask me.  Well, here's the kicker.  There are other dinner theaters in this city, and while their tickets are generally more expensive, the general experience is much, much better.  So if you grade comparatively, SMG just loses out.  Now, if you're cheap, then just go for it - get there early, get good and soused at Four Peaks across the way first - but if you're looking for a novel, quality movie going experience... look elsewhere.
4	I am surprised at the reviews this theater is getting...I feel they should be much higher.  Since SMG opened on November 11th I have been there three times and have not had a single complaint.  I went to see Breaking Dawn on opening weekend and it was not over-crowded we basically walked in and got premium seating (the nice leather chairs) I do have to admit I would not be happy sitting in the rolling desk chairs I'm not sure whose idea that was but it was a bad one, but I have not had to sit in the desk chairs yet.Once seated you can take a look at your menu and press the call button to order, a server runs right over and you place your order (I would suggest waiting a little to place your order the food comes out quick so if you arrive early you may be done eating before the movie starts) the prices are a little high but considering the convenience and the cost of movie theater food elsewhere it's not bad. Prices average from $8 to $12 for food items, $3 for soda, last time I went we got a bottle of wine it was right around $25 alcohol is in the $5 to $9 range per drink.The picture and sound quality are great, no problems.Overall I think this is the best movie theater in Scottsdale, it is clean and the ticket/food prices are very reasonable. I like iPic but you end up spending almost $40 just on tickets for two people, that's crazy. At SMG you get all of the same amenities for half the price.The only reason I am not giving it a 5 star review is because there is always room for improvement, i.e. desk chairs?...
3	The looks of the place is pretty cool they have music blaring outside as you walk up. I hate the line set up as if your waiting to check in to a hotel, plane, or waiting for a ride at an amusement park. The staff was totally friendly and attentive until we needed something like another drink or ketchup. The desk seating w office chairs might be ok if you're a tall person but for a shorty like me or kids this won't work if you want to actually see a movie! Being a parent here to see The Muppets w the kid I noticed this problem immediately. Its not a good view the desk part comes up too high. We had to opt for the theater seats they are big and roomy but you def lose closeness here. Forget watching scary movies and hiding your face in your boyfriends shoulder. Forget a make out session w your secret lover! No cuddling here either! Heck you'll be lucky if you even get to hold hands through all this! If you are more than a party of 2 say goodbye to everyone else because they will be too far away to even see although they're just 2 seats away! They claim you press the button and someone will be with you immediately and before the movie starts I totally agree. I REALLY like how right before the movie started they prompt you to turn "OFF" your phones AND if your child becomes disruptive to step out of the theater! How many movies have you sat through wishing someone would say that??? I was not shocked at the price of food, it is Scottsdale after all. I ordered the Margharita pizza, the man ordered Cesar w grilled Chicken, and the little had a cheeseburger meal. The beer was cheap I thought so why not some Shiner Bock on tap. Our pints came back w no head idk about you but who doesn't like a little head?!?!?! The food didn't take too long and wasn't so quick either which I didn't mind so much it made me tink they were cooking my food at least. The kid devoured her burger and fries so that got her approval but let's be honest kids will eat anything even McDonald's! Am I right??? My pizza came out piping hot and it was good to go in my belly. I would have liked a little more tomatoes and basil and a little less grease just my opinion. Take it or leave it. The salads are GINORMOUS keep this in mind and ask for extra extra dressing so you don't run out and have to sit there looking at your salad for 15 mins waiting for someone to bring you more! Assuming your options for your salad are either fried or grilled chicken you may think you are getting some kind of HOT meat on it. Well it's not the grilled chicken was cold and while there was a lot of it looked like shredded chicken that's prob not so fresh if you catch my drift. It is kind of annoying people walking back and forth the whole time and while there is more space between you and other people it still gets distracting. I'll blame my last issue on Mercury being retro, when the check came and they doddled off the pen did not work. I scribbled for 5 mins and gave up. When the movie was over and we got back into light I realized my hands were covered in ink in fact I still have some 2 days later. I wouldn't go here for a good movie that you really need to get into. For family time it's ok I suggest eating at home and ordering some some popcorn, dessert, and drinks!
4	The best thing you can do on a cold and raining day instead of staying home is to go watch a movie.   We went to watch Arthur Christmas, very cute movie.  It was the last day for their free movie offer. The dine-in concept is similar to AMC and iPic.  You order your movie online and pick up at the counter.  They call the movie title and time through a speaker so you stand in to enter inside the theater.  A nice and large open area for to wait.They have two or three long rows of table counters with office chair seats.   I wonder who decided to cut back and use office chairs.  According to my Sister, the chair was so uncomfortable.   I though it was tacky to use office chairs.  I sat in the back with the individual seat and sliding table.  It doesn't recline, but comfy and large enough to place my jacket and purse.   There was a button on the table for you to press for service.  Server tries to take your order before the movie starts.   I ordered a hot coffee and a basket of sweet potato fries.  The potion of fries was decent for $4.50.  The taste wasn't any fancy fries, just ok.   The coffee took a little longer.   I think they ran out and had to brew a new batch.   It sure tasted fresh.  They have a lot of staffs working in one theater.  It does get confusing who you want talk to.  They wait staff that places the order and runners that deliver the food and drink.  I found the price for a movie is really inexpensive compared to other dine-in theaters.   They have specials which is even cheaper.  I will definitely return for another movie, and hopefully I will have a hot freshly- brewed coffee too.
4	I hope more people give SMG good reviews. We had a great time, and I printed more passes so other family members could enjoy this place. We saw Arthur Christmas, a terrific movie, and the food was better than I expected. Top-notch restaurant quality at average prices. Good sized portions. I guess we were lucky and had the 'good seats' with the swing out trays. So I have no complaints about the chairs. The wait staff was friendly and did their best to duck out of my line of vision. I had a great time, altho I must say the kids movie did not require a lot of concentration, so the staff walking back & forth were not a problem for us. It was a bit distracting, so I give it 4 stars for that. If you don't value the experience of eating while watching a movie, then don't go here!
2	Theatre is very nice. Seats are not as comfortable as you would think. They have like office chairs in every other row. Also the food is not good, and it's so overpriced. Did you know it costs a dollar to put onions on your burger? Want cheese? That's another dollar. And it's not even good. Screen is beautiful and a clean picture though.. 3D was great.
3	My friend was given free tickets to come here and we were excited to give it a try.The service here is great.  The staff, whether at the box office or the servers, were all very friendly and professional. There was a line at the box office but it moved quickly and we got our tickets and were let into the theater right away.Focusing on the positives still, the sound and picture quality were probably best I have ever seen/heard. You can really tell a lot of money consideration and money went into the technology.Our server was very friendly and explained how ordering/paying worked since it was out first time.There was one rather big disappoint though and that was seating. Its auditoreum style wannabe. The row in front of us was only slightly lower than than the row I was seated in so there was an issue with people's heads getting in the way, and I'm tall. The chairs are typical office chairs. Like that swivel and are on rollers. I was expecting something more along the lines of the new AMC Esplanade theater. The food was really good. reasonably priced. The drinks were expensive and weak. We ordered an appetizer and a pizza to split. They were both delivered at the same time. The appetizer was wrong and we sent it back and kept the pizza. 20 minutes later they brought us the correct appetizer and another pizza. We should have kept the pizza because it was delicious and we wanted more, but were honest and explained we had already received it. 15 minutes later someone else came by with the same appetizer and apologized for taking so long. We again told them we had already received the correct appetizer and sent it back. We weren't upset about the mistakes especially since the servers were nice and apologetic and did what they could to make things right (and succeeded). Overall we had a good time, but probably won't come back. The theater and seats were left much to be desired and it is a bit out of the way as I live in Peoria and the friend I was with lives in Central Phx.
1	This is our first time here. Waiting in the lobby seemed like waiting for a bus or a train. The announcements were like a bad memory of watching Peppermint Patty listen to her teacher in school. Basically it was a total cluster. And desk chairs!? Really?? All we wanted to do was just go in the theater and sit down. But instead we waited outside for what seems like forever in the rope barricades. Then we get in and we found the theater accomodations quite lacking. It's very reminiscent of a college lecture hall. So far the service has been okay. We just hope its not annoying being there for a whole movie. Oh and we're never coming back.
1	Wow, that sucked.In summary, don't come here if you plan to eat and drink during the movie.However, I am really hoping this was an off, off, off night. We were the third and fourth people to sit down and order and over an hour and a half later we STILL had not received our food or drink. Hungry? You bet. Annoyed? Heck yeah. When we cancelled our order (the movie was nearly over) they charged us for all of it. A short discussion (with apologetic and polite staff) resolved that and they gave us free passes, but not sure if we'll use them... maybe I'll give them to someone I don't like.Other points: Quick ticket purchase, but don't bother coming early, they just line you up in the lobby and make you stand there until a few minutes before the show. The lobby bar staff completely ignores you which just added to the fun of the night. (Vj D.'s review was completely correct.)The picture and sound was fine. If it was a normal movie theater, we'd have been totally happy. But for what they're promoting and marketing, you might as well go to Harkins and sneak in a mini bottle and a snack.
2	Okay, so this is a hard one to write since I have experienced the creme de la creme of movie going experiences, which was iPic, at the Scottsdale Quarter, a mere few miles away from Studio Movie Grill. But, alas, Groupon came a knocking and we bought a few cheap tickets and decided to go last night. So, here we go. If I had NEVER been to iPic, i probably would have thought this place was the bees knees, with its sports bar atmosphere, and semi-decent seats, but since I have been spoiled, it is oh-so-hard to compare. iPic does it right. The chairs, the blankets, the swanky menu, the layout of the seats, (where servers aren't darting past you during the movie), and the fact that they serve you all of your food, all at once, no interruptions during the movie. Studio Movie Grill has sort of an airport experience. You get your ticket, then you line up for your movie, then they like cattle call you when you can "enter". We know when we can enter a movie, thanks. We have all been to a movie in the last century. All you have to do is put the little "Theater is being cleaned" sign out. We get it.There is a bar outside, which is a nice feature, so you can get liquored up before you get herded like cattle. Yet, they don't give you much direction. Since I had been to iPic, I understood the whole "servers inside the theater" concept, but I am sure many patrons don't, so I urge them to communicate better, as in, "once you are seated a server will greet you and take your order". I think having the bar outside may make people think that they have to only order outside the theater.Now, the movie theater itself. Yikes, My fiance hit the nail on the head. If you went to a large university like we did, and was subject to lecture hall classes, or "clicker" classes, this is exactly what it felt like. The chairs were office chairs. Yes, black, pleather, uncomfortable, swivel office chairs. I kid you not. And they had red buttons for "service" on them. The buttons didn't bother me too much, the staff was fairly attentive. I wasn't a fan of the layout. iPic is laid out so that your servers never walk in front of you, disrupting your movie. These poor people have to run and duck every 30 seconds. Talk about back aches! Food- I had an iced tea, my mom had a margarita which I have to say was a heavy pour, which was nice. We got the sliders and they weren't bad, and the fries were delicious. The menu looked like high end sports bar, so pretty much everyone could find something on the menu to enjoy. Overall, the experience was so-so. If I want to eat and see a movie, I might as well go big or go home and go to iPic.  I figure you can do one of two things: 1. Have a regular movie going experience and go to like a plain old Harkins, or 2. Have an amazing experience, blow some extra dough, do it up style, and see a movie at iPic. Don't settle for second best.
5	I can't believe the mediocre ratings of this place.  We've been 4 times now, and the service is impeccable.  I can't believe how fast and organized they are.  Prior to this we went to IPIC several times, and why it's very nice and trendy, the service has always been horrible and it's way overpriced. In fact the last time I went to IPIC, my food was not served until the end of the movie.  This is my new place to see every movie.  The food is good, the drinks are reasonably priced and the service is amazing.  They have a team work system.  Our server took our order and entered it in an iphone type of system.  She still was taking other orders, and our food was delivered to us in less than 5 minutes!  I hope this place succeeds.
1	Don't do it!!  Don't even think about doing it!!  Go to Harkins, go to Ipic, heck, rent a movie from Red Box and watch it at home, and you will still far surpass the bad experience that you are bound to have at Studio Movie Grill.  After reading all of the bad reviews, I thought to myself, no way, it can't be that bad, these people are just being dramatic. Oh was I ever wrong.  I almost had to laugh as each and every bad thing I read about in previous reviews happened to us while we were there.First of all, don't expect to get a drink from the bar if you arrive early for your movie.  You will sit at the bar waiting as the bartender meanders back in forth in front of you, not acknowledging you, not actually working, and not really doing anything but scowling.  After sitting for over 7 minutes (3 other guests as the bar total, thats a walk in the park for any bartender, I know, i bartended for 5 years), we finally got frustrated and left our bar seats and sat on a bench.  We watched as a couple who sat down after us also became frustrated with the poor service, got up from their seats, and went and sat elsewhere.  At this point, I was laughing a bit because other reviewers had said very similar things about the terrible bar service, but seriously, this is THE worst service I have ever had at a bar in my life!Next we went to the theater to be seated.  The "hostess" who seats guests, was probably about 17 years old, and was drunk with the power of seating the theater.  While she was not rude ot me, i watched as she treated many other guests rudely, and then loudly began talking about her personal life with a fellow patron who was clearly a stranger.  She also loudly complained about how she was in charge of seating the largest theater in the SMG, and how much hard work it is to tell people where to sit, and how she is sooooooo good at it. L.O.L. your seat is printed on your ticket, or you're general admission.  Theres only two places to seat people, their pre assigned seat, or direct them to general seating,  Seriously.  Easiest job in the world.When it came time to order, our server was very pleasant, took our order, typed in her little electronic thing, and left.  We never saw her again.  Runners brought our food before our drinks even arrived.  We began eating and were getting really thirsty.  We flagged another server down asking about our drinks, she said she would take care of it. We never sae that server again, either.  An hour later, food finished, dishes cleared, still no drinks.  I finally gave up hope on them arriving, and good thing I did because I never did see them.Finaly our check arrives, and surprise surprise, we were charged for the drinks.  It only took about 30 minutes to get them taken off and the check brought back.  basically worst service in the world.  A coupel of other things:  ambiance is terrible--it feels like youre going to a work conference.  very awkward setting.  Also, womens bathroom-flooded, floor was wet and STINKY, all sinks were half full with backed up water.  It smelled like a port o potty in there, sick, and not a wet floor sign in sight although the floor was slippery as heck.  Save your money, go somewhere else.
4	First of all, coconut breaded chicken strips?! If I didn't have to fit into a tight New Years eve dress I would have ordered that, sounds yummy!When you first walk through the doors you end up in the lobby where you can buy tickets, order drinks and food, eat or drink recently purchased items, and stand in line to enter the movie theater. We decided to order drinks in the lobby and wait to order food until we got into the theater. I order the Skinny tea, which consisted of Firefly Skinny Tea Vodka, Monin sugar sweetener, lemon juice, and splash of pepsi, all promising to be under 100 calories. There is also a Skinny Coloda that my friend got that tastes like a melted pina colada that consists of Ciroc Coconut vodka, pineapple juice, and milk that is supposedly under 100 calories. Both were scrumptious and I was impressed that they offered "healthier" choices.After entering the theater and turning the corner, with my alcoholic beverage in hand, I felt like I was entering a lecture hall the way the seats are layed out. Every other row has a long table (or desk) that stretches across the room and is about three feet in length. There are then comfy black leather office chairs that swivel that are lined up side by side across the room the accompany said desk. The other row  consists of black leather chairs and a small individual airplane tray table-esque table (was that redundant?) that you can swing in front of you once you sat down. There is then a red box with a black button that you push for service and a waiter will come and input your order into a wireless handheld device that sends your order ASAP to the kitchen. There was a group of five of us. Two ordered buffalo chicken strips and one ordered a philly steak sandwich. My friend and I decided to take advantage of their healthier menu items and split a fruit and cheese platter and a turkey burger. Well, all the fried food came out literally 3 minutes after they were ordered. It got us all wondering how long these items were under the heat lamp, but apparently they were still tasty. The fruit and cheese platter and turkey burger took about 12 minutes to get out, I guess not too many people order these items. The fruit was fresh, but the hunk of cheese that comes with the platter reminds me of the Laughing Cow herb cheese, not really worth the $10. The turkey burger, on the other hand, was delicious, and although it was supposed to be a healthier option, it still came with sweet potato fries that were okay, for $10. The bill was dropped off about 20 minutes before the end of the movie so everything was taken care of and we could leave the theater as soon as the credits started rolling.I would come back again, but I subtracted a star for all the clanking of dishes and the dropped cups, it was a lot for my ADD to handle in addition to watching the movie.
4	this is a very cool concept. the movie/grill/bar idea is new and exciting. i was definitely looking forward to it. first of all i got a good deal through Groupon. adult tix are 9 bucks and i got for 5 plus a free drink so score there. i went to serf ghost protocol ay 125pm so there weren't very many people. the bar is in the lobby if u want to order drinks there but you can order them in the theater as well. the theatre was clean which i liked. my wife and i sat in chairs with a school-like desk attached to it. the chairs were quite comfy. there is also another section with office like chairs, so if you arrive soon enough you can avoid.those. while the pre show and trailers played the friendly staff took your order. the food arrived promptly and was very delicious (we.both ordered a turkey burger which came with sweet potato fries... yum ). at any time throughout the film if you needed anything you can push a red button on your chair to call an attendant. they arrived after a couple of minutes and filled my drink. all in all the experience was very pleasant. i didn't mind so much the staff coming up to me during the film with my order because after all i did place it. but if you are the kind of person that dislikes interruptions during a movie, this place may not be for you. also we watched an early afternoon showing and had good service. i can only imagine if the theatre was full (say a movie's opening weekend) and the service quality dropped. it is overpriced for the food and drink so i suggest either eating and drinking before hand or if you don't mind dropping some cash then go ahead and treat yourself.
4	Dinner and a movie? How about both! The food is great, but it is very expensive. The convenience factor makes it worth some bump in price, but I think it could be a bit cheaper. The staff is very fast and unobtrusive once the film is shown.I loved the seating and haven't had any problems with uncomfortable seats. I could understand problems with young kids staying seated.Having said that, I think that the customers need to know that it is still best to stay quiet. Some folks seemed to feel that food and movie = talking allowed. They were quieted eventually by the staff and I appreciated that.If you are skittish to try at first, give the matinee a go. Afraid you won't get a good seat? You can make reservations!
4	Went here yesterday.. Great place. Theater seemed very clean, chairs were comfortable and service was pretty good. I was expecting more as in seating but I think it was just fine. Thought it was great to be able to order food and press a button if I needed anything. We unfortunately didn't eat real food but we got their fudge cake, popcorn and strawberry lemonade. Everything was great. Popcorn was nice and warm and was served with butter on the side.. yum!! Totally recommend this place!!! The staff was very friendly the whole time, including when we walked out of the theatre! :)
4	We bought a package deal for this place a few months ago and finally had a chance to go last night. We arrived about 15 minutes before the show and ended up in the lower portion of the theater. (When we bought our tickets they told us we could get a refund or exchange if we didn't find seats). So the good and the bad:Bad:I didn't care for the ticket purchasing process-too few cashiers.I didn't care for the Will-Call process either, there was not a dedicated cashier, therefore, the next available cashier took the next will-call person until that line was empty. It should be electronic or one dedicated person on busy nights (we were there on a Saturday for a 7:10 show).After getting our tickets, I was confused, the ticket said group 3, there were three lines of people with letters, but I didn't see where our theater was. (We were given no direction after we told the ticketing agent it was our first time.) We gravitated to these lines of people and saw another agent who seemed to be lining people up, we showed here our tickets and she told us our movie had been seated and to go to the hostess booth (hosted booth at a theater?) We went to the hostess booth and they told us the theater number. Given the show had already been seated, the ticketing agent could have told us to proceed to the theater, and saved some frustration. We entered the theater, which was full and luckily found a couple of seats. The chairs is our section were office chairs, with wheels. I like concept, but really didn't care for the chairs themselves.The good:You are given a menu with your tickets. After sitting down, we reviewed the menu. For a theater, I thought the selection was good, they had burgers, salads, chicken, etc... I felt the prices were very reasonable a burger and fries was $10. We ordered a fruit and cheese plate, a burger and fries and a bottle of wine. We split everything. I liked the burger and there was a lot of fruit. I was really pleased with our meal. The service was good.I thought the servers attending to the other people below us would be in the way during the movie, but from our seats,  I didn't even notice them. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience for a reasonable price and I would prefer this theater over my beloved Harkins. We will definately be going back!
2	no thanks. half of the seats in the theater are office chairs, no joke.  too many other great movie theaters in scottsdale to waste your money on this one.
4	Loved it great spot good food and loved a Beer with my movie
1	I went to see a movie here today and was surprised on how they fixed this theatre up and made it look very presentable. This theatre is a full service theatre therefore they have employees there to take your order on food and drinks and bring them to you. They pride themselves on "immediate" service. Myself and the people I was with ordered drinks and popcorn before the movie even started along with the people sitting next to me. Half way through the movie I still hadn't received my order so I complained to a person working there and they forgot my whole order, obviously I was pissed. The same thing happened to the people next to me. This theatre is not worth it if you are going to spend money and expect good service. I would not go back there, if your going to go to a theatre like this I recommend IPic which is nicer and has good service.
5	Wooohooo!  Great service, great atmosphere, great change from last movie house that was there.  The place has been completely redecorated and updated to Scottsdale chic.  Popcorn was served in open basket, easy to eat w butter on the side (love it!).  Good drinks, and free refils on the soda.  This was a good purchase and a great value for the money.  I advise anyone to try it.  :)
4	Seems reviews are on 2 sides. We got groupon that included ticket and a soda. The regular prices are same as most cinemas. The extra here is what you can drink (alcohol) or eat (bar food). For the ticket price and the rooms, and service this is a good deal. My friend has been to the really fancy ones and she is glad that here she doesn't have to OVERPAY. For me? I'd do it again when I have another ride to that area. A good idea to go for some movies. True, I wouldn't do it with just any movie. Food: their menu is very much like a bar menu, so don't expect ultra fancy things or cheap. I had the chicken "wings" which turned to be chicken drums (YEEEEEEY!!) and though it says spicy, for me it was mild. One of my friends shared the french fries and they were crunchy outside and soft inside, the way a good french fry should be. Service was on our side and I can only say they were kind and friendly all the way, same as FAST!. As far as seats, if you can try to pick the ones that have the swing tray/table. Monday was a great day to go.
4	There's been a lot of groupons for SMG lately, $5 for a movie and a soft drink? Now that's a great deal!Tip: Arrive to your movie at least 30-40 minutes prior to the show. This is so you can have a choice in seating. There are comfy la-z-boy type seats with sliding table tops (large lecture hall style desks) and then there are office chairs placed way too close together over a long table top (diner style counter top). I prefer the comfy la-z-boy's and to use the groupon, you just have to arrive early in order to get in the front of the line. If you don't want to arrive early, I suggest purchasing tickets online ($11) and then adding $1 to have reserved seating. Please note - SMG staff starts lining movie patrons up about 15 minutes prior to the show and it's kind of like a mad dash run. Everyone wants to get in line first! Once you're seated, there are lots of SMG waiters/waitresses awaiting your food orders. Considering this is the movies, and refreshments cost an arm and a leg, I believe the pricing of the food is reasonable. A pizza for $10, A burger + fries for $10 etc. I've only tried the white chocolate macademia cookies with vanilla ice cream = ~$5-6, and I've had cookies that were so soft, fresh, and delicious, but the other time I got cookies that were hard, and a little burnt.Ps. There's cocktails! - I ought to try one of those next time :)
4	We had a good time last night at the Studio Movie Grill.  It's a great concept.The waiters/waitresses come to your seats and with the press of a button they will return for refills etc..  My only criticism.....my wife had the BBQ ribs and sweet potatoe fries....and we were quickly reminded we were in a movie theater, not a restaurant.Next time maybe just a soda and popcorn.......
3	SMG is a great concept where you can eat and drink while watching movies, kinda like the Ipic theaters. We used a groupon I bought a few months back. Unfortunately, we showed up a little late, so could not get the "reserved" seats that everyone was mentioning on the reviews. We ended up in the general admissions seats which are like executive office chairs. Only thing is they don't recline and don't have much lower back cushioning. But the seats are pretty comfortable nonetheless. I can see how it can be distracting to have servers going in and out a lot of the times, but I felt like they servers were very courteous and tried to be considerate while talking or moving around. As for food, we ordered some drinks and the cookies which were good, although quite outrageously expensive. But this is expected as a place like this. Overall, it was a good experience, but not sure if I would be coming back. It didn't really wow me and I could just do away with good ole regular harkins. I imagine the food here is probably not that great anyways.
3	We went again last night...we sat in the back row. The seats are really, really, uncomfortable. They seem to have updated the hosting seating process...so we arrived 6:45 for a 7:50 show to be sure we had good seats...luckily I am used to fly SWA and I was able to barge my way through the cattle call to be one of the first people into the theater so we could pick what I thought would be decent seats...but wait...we screwed up...we choose the back row, upper right where the isle was. The spot we choose was dirty and not clean...we had to call someone to clean it. After she finished cleaning it, we had to press the button again to order our bottle of wine. And wait...the spot we choose...HUGE MISTAKE...all the servers ducked when they were in front of you, but not when walking down the stairs...so obviously whoever designed that row was smoking a doobie and thinking about his food service over the entertainment/movie part of this entire experience...because clearly these seats suck because there were always people walking in front of you. Oh and did I mention the seats were so uncomfortable I thought I was going to have to go to the Jacuzzi afterwards to get all the kinks out of my back?  Ok...the good...I was able to drink a bottle of wine during a movie!
4	We had a fun time at Studio Movie Grill! I didn't see any of the problems that people reported in earlier reviews. We went to an early showing, using a groupon and had no trouble getting really good seats! We showed up about 40 minutes early and sat at the bar and perused the menu so we would be ready to order once we were seated.The only reason I only gave 4 stars is some of the food quality was only so-so. I had Potato Skins that weren't very hot and my sour cream was very cold and hard to spread on my skins, they were just OK and I didn't finish them once they got cold. My hubby had what he described as a really good Angus burger, for only $1 more than a regular burger, worth the upgrade. The others in our party had a BBQ chicken wrap described as good, but mostly tortilla. No complaints on the Buffalo Chicken Strips. Those meals came with battered fries and everyone agreed that they were really good! Word of caution: since it's dark, I stuck my hand in my hubby's cup of ketchup while reaching for a fry, yuk!Food prices were on par for the experience. Drink prices are a little high... $8 for a beer and same for vodka on the rocks, $9-$12 for a glass of wine. But worth it to be able to sip a drink while watching the movie! The most annoying part of the experience was trying to see the bill in the dark to see how much cash to put out and in the process missed a line in the movie that everyone else thought was funny!I can see coming here again for a movie and probably getting the Cheese & Fruit plate and some wine to nosh during the film instead of eating a full meal. All-in-all, we had a lot of fun!
4	Went here again for dinner and a movie.  I had the turkey burger, which was quite good, with the sweet potato fries.  My husband indulged in the Wednesday all you can eat pizza special.  For a little less than 10 dollars, you can choose any pizza on the menu.  They offer diet Dr. Pepper in addition to diet Pepsi for a little more variety. Service was good throughout the movie.  Upgrade 1 star!
1	Good idea, but horrible execution. 1st thing that I don't understand is the bar they have in the lobby. That sounds perfect lets get people drunk and then send them into a quiet theater. People in a theater are usually inconsiderate when they aren't liquored up, add in alcohol and you might as well stay at home with all the loud talking. The theater itself is very strange. There is reserved seating which consists of leather chairs. They are extremely rough and are horrible. If you don't get one of faux leather chairs, the rest are office chairs with rollers, so tacky and so cheap..  The tables used for holding the food are cheap Formica counter tops. And then there is the food and service. I don't understand why someone would go to a theater and pay 12 bucks for a crappy burger and sit in an office chair for 2 hrs. What's even more annoying are the servers who keep coming and going throughout the whole movie. They try to be quiet but the people ordering don't whisper and the servers keep getting in the way of the movie . So distracting..Bottom line if you are impressed with bar food and like to be constantly distracted during the movie in an office like setting this is the place for you.
1	Horrible experience. I arrived on a Wednesday night about 5 minutes before the movie was to start. Once seated in a cheap office chair, I placed an order for a diet soda and chips and salsa. The food was pouring out all movie. Right next to me in fact. I had the displeasure in ending up in the seat next to where the servers stage their food delivery. Nothing like a metal tray of food set up next to you every 10 minutes. So having never been here, I had no idea how long things take. Finally after 35 minutes, I mention to a server that I was yet to receive my drink or food. 10 minutes later I get a watered down diet Pepsi with about 4 ice cubes in it. I also was assured my chips and salsa were coming right out. 15 minutes pass and still no food. I flagged down a lovely girl who was handling checks. I informed her that after over an hour I no longer cared to get the chips I asked for. I was hungry, especially after an hour of food deliveries. But at this point, who needs $5 chips and salsa. After paying for me flat, oft delayed soda and exiting the theater, I voiced my displeasure with the manager. Having once worked at the movies as a manager, I expected more than just a "sorry." Needless to say, this was my first and last visit to this theater.
2	Ok.  So let me start this by saying that I love watching movies and as soon as I found out there was a new theater opening up right down the street from me, I was super excited.  Especially since they were to serve food and alcohol!  As soon as Groupon offered a ticket and a soda for 5 bucks, I figured "How can you go wrong?!".  Well, we went for the first time tonight (7:30 on a Saturday night) and I must say I was pretty disappointed.  The way the theater entrance is set up is extremely odd and chaotic.  It reminds me of an airport with the people lining up, waiting on benches to get in to their theater and a bar in the corner of the lobby.  Needless to say, it was not a relaxing experience at all. Luckily we chose a movie that did not come out this weekend or we would have been lined up by groups, similar to the way we now board planes.  They offer "Reserved Seating" for a dollar extra per ticket.  I strongly recommend paying the extra buck.  You have to buy it at their ticket kiosk or online only.  Do not go to the box office because they cannot offer you reserved seating.  They seat in this order: Reserved and then general admission for the older movies or Reserved and then in groups of general admission (printed on your ticket, I'm assuming in the order you purchase them).The difference is huge.  There are two types of seating.  A love seat style, comfy chairs with swivel tabletops that are mostly reserved (these are the only ones you can reserve) and then there are the general admission seats.  These are literally office rolling chairs that sit behind a desk that looks like it belongs in a high school computer lab.  We lucked out and got there 30 minutes early and were able to snag one of the last love seat chairs, thank goodness, or I would have been pretty upset...As for the waiters, they were very nice and attentive.  I honestly thought that it would have been super distracting with them bringing food in and out during the movie as I am very easily distracted when it comes to theaters.  But I was pleasantly suprised that they were considerate and didn't bother me at all.After the movie we attempted to try and upgrade our additional groupon general admission tickets for reserved tickets, only to find out that Groupon and movie passes are not able to be upgraded.  The manager was nice enough to exchange our Groupons for movie passes (so they didn't expire for a good while), but we still had to rebuy tickets to reserve tickets.  Like I said, the box office can't do reserved seating, but the ticket kiosks are supposed to be able to.  We tried and failed two times and had to have the manager assist us, even he was unable to purchase them.  However, A+ for the manager as he gave us extra movie passes for our troubles and instructions on how to buy them at home.  Sucks that if you buy them online they charge you an extra dollar per ticket (in addition to the dollar to reserve) just to buy online.All in all, I'd rather get to Harkin's earlier and go out after the movie to a restaurant than deal with this theater.Advice for Future Studio Movie Grill Goers:  Buy your tickets online (spend the extra two bucks!)
3	Like many other theaters that are now offering full service dinner, the concept of SMG is great but it's the execution of this concept that is truly lacking. Let me begin by saying the hubby and I had a 50/50 kind of night when we went to watch Safe House this evening at SMG. Once we were seated and received our food, we truly did enjoy the movie and the perk of getting to eat real food while watching. The servers themselves were nice, fairly quick and considerate during the movie. Throw in the fact that the movie itself was good...we were quite happy when the credits rolled and we walked out at the end of the night.Unfortunately, we were far from happy the first half of the evening. We arrived at the theater at 6:30pm only to be told that the 7:20pm show was pretty much full and we'd be stuck in the front. Having been turned away a couple weeks before for the same reason we were prepared for this and ready to wait for the 8:40pm show. So we waited. And this is where SMG's execution could use some work. This place is busy. Granted, it's a Saturday but the problem is that there is no where for all the people who are waiting for movies to well, wait! There's a small bar and some cushions scattered around the lobby which is stifling hot I might add. It feels like you're at an airport terminal or at an amusement park waiting for an attraction. After all the waiting you get called into your respective lines (according to when you purchased your tickets or if you bought reserved seating) which is a mad dash amidst a grumpy, impatient and liquored up crowd. Once you've scrambled to your line you wait some more until they let you in to the theater which is then another mad dash to snag prime seating (unless you have reserved seats). As I mentioned earlier, hubs and I were lucky to be in Group 1 and let into the theater first after reserved seating so we were able to sit in the more comfy leather chairs with the swinging dining tray attached. If you're not so lucky you end up in ordinary office chairs lined up in front of a small counter-like tabletop. Talk about uncomfortable. This is the point where our night turned around and we were no longer grumpy or irritated and actually was able to enjoy our movie. Food was decent, as expected for a quick serve kitchen, and prices weren't cheap but that's to be expected. Bottom line: know what you're getting into when you go here. 1. Get there early if you haven't purchased reserved seats online beforehand. If you think you can arrive with 20 minutes til your movie....you will not get in. 2. Be prepared to wait around and fight the crowds for a decent spot in line...or you're doomed to a dinky office chair for the entire movie.If SMG were able to execute the front end of the moviegoer experience then I'd be pleased. As it is, it's not very relaxing or appealing to feel crowded, impatiently stand around and compete for comfy seating. Not my idea of a fun night out so the hubby and I are probably not going back to this particular dinner/movie theater. It's just simply not worth the trouble and discomfort which is disappointing because the actual concept, once you get there, is pretty darn cool. Good luck to all you fellow Groupon users...be prepared and hope you can have a better overall experience than we did.
3	First of all, I don't understand why it's such a big deal for everyone to complain about this place. All movie theaters have quirks and terrible things you wish didn't happen. If it's comfort you're seeking , then stay home and rent a movie!I went to see Safe House this weekend on 2/11 for the 10:30 showing. I showed up about 30 minutes before the movie and got perfect seating right in the middle. I actually liked the tables with the office chairs! :) It provided much more room than the leather seats with the small fold out tables. This is a new company here and granted the execution isn't so great, but what do you expect for a seven dollar price? If you want the best experience out there for a cheap price, it doesn't exist. It's going to cost you $20-$40 for the Ipic Theater in Scottsdale. The facility was clean and neat. The lobby has seating and the lounge/bar area also has bistro tables with seating too. The food is limited. There are salads, chicken tenders, burgers, popcorn, quesadillas, sweet potato fries, kid meals etc. Don't expect a fancy meal. I loved their Hawaiian Martini. Tastiest thing on the drink menu! The place is like a dinner theater, the same if you were to go to murder mystery inc. You order, they serve you and you watch the show. I enjoyed my experience here. It was charming, sweet, and the servers were willing to help you the best way they could have. Other than the weird seating arrangements in the theater, I think overall, the quality of the service and the atmosphere was good. It's an experience to try.
1	The reason I gave SMG one star is because it's a really neat place, great seating and great concept (Pacific Northwest has been doing this for years btw) but the service and food was HORRIBLE!  Granted, it was Valentine's evening, I don't care.  If a business can't serve a packed house (knowing it's going to be a busy night), then sell a smaller number of seats to accommodate the number of employees working able to handle it...plain and simple.  We ordered our food and after everyone else got served and ate their food, we were still waiting for a good 45 minutes later for ours!  Finally, we decided to cancel our order.  Well, they comped our food and our food came out approx 15 minutes later...COLD!  It makes me wonder if they retrieved it from the trash?  I'm being serious.  On top of that, the food was the worst I've ever had.  Pizza was served on some kind of a big 9 inch cracker with dried out cold chicken on it and the potato skins were cold too but tasted like the ones you'd get in your grade school cafeteria.So, I'd go again for the nice chairs, seating and ambiance, but I'd stop at a local watering hole first to have a few drinks and good hot food.  Even if the food was warm, it'd still be bad.  Who serves pizza on a large cracker?  Lavosh is much better.  Couldn't they have at least done that???
4	This place has some potential and I think it will work out the kinks as it goes along.  We went on a Friday afternoon to see a movie in 3-D. We had bought a groupon for $5 with a soda. What an awesome deal! And the great thing is, the policy stated that we would be charged extra for 3-D movies. The cashier rung us up and handed us our tickets just as I was getting some cash out. Well, I am not going to speak up about a mistake like that. More money for beer! I was quite pleased to see that there was some Epicenter on draft, one of our favorite local beers. A pitcher was $15. We showed up a little bit early to ensure that we would get our food and our pick of the seats. Well, we arrived just in time for them to seat us and we were the first ones there. We had the choice of the office chairs with a large continuous desk in front of us or the reminiscent of college classroom seats with the little fold over table. Well, we actually opted for the office chairs with the desk because we had bought a pitcher of beer and we were planning on getting some grub, so we wanted to spread out. I did notice that a couple of chairs had the "reserved" sign on them. I bet those people felt a little ripped off as they walked in and realized that they pretty much had the pick of the theater. One man with his child actually moved from his reserved seat to a better seat. I ordered the sliders and my guy ordered the chicken strips. We got our food just as the previews were starting. Our food came with a tiny little container of ketchup. I have an unhealthy love for ketchup so I pushed our service button and we got a ton of extra ketchup right away. The service was fantastic. The food, not so much. I had the most boring sliders in my entire life, thank goodness for ketchup. The fries were lightly seasoned and there were so many of them! I felt like I was eating french fries for an hour and still had a good heap left. We were quite stuffed from the meal. About 3/4 of the way through the movie, I was regretting my decision to sit in the office chair as it has no head support. I tried resting my head on the table which didn't really work either. Overall I gave it a 4 because I was not impressed with the food but the service, the price, and the cleanliness/ambience of the place was wonderful.
4	Great concept!  We have found another great movie theater!  Our daughter especially loves the idea of eating lunch at the same time.
4	I really love this place, had great experiences each time I took my family here however the last time we went, we didnt get our drinks until about 30 minutes after we ordered but the manager took half off the bill and I like the seats and have no complaints.
4	For the longest time this theater was closed and now it has a whole new look, name and appeal! I bought the groupon and enjoyed The Wolf  so much with the not too sweet raspberry lemonade that came with the $5 ticket/ When the groupon came on again I was right on it!The burger is big and comes with potato or sweet potato fries and it is enough for 2 people. The service is great, the tables and chairs are comfortable and clean. The only thing that I'd like to see is a healthier style menu and chairs that recline.
2	We really wanted to like this place. They bring the popcorn and soda right to your seat. However, they are really pushing meals. Who wants to eat a salad in the dark or almost dark. Which is another  problem. The blue night lights, so people can find their food. The wait staff are always walking through and interacting with the customers. Overall found the experience distracting and won't be back.I can see families or people that like to have food/ drinks delivered to your seat enjoying this option.
3	We got passes from GroupOn and they were just about to expire so we decided to take in a movie. When we got there, the line was almost out the door. It looked like everyone who had a GroupOn coupon chose to go that day because their coupon was also about to expire.There were four cash registers and only two cashiers which made the wait unbearable. Where is the manager, he should be helping them out and getting the patrons into the theater.After about 20-25 minutes, we finally made it to the ticket taker with only 10 minutes to go before showtime. She made us wait with some other couples because they didn't know if there were going to be customers with reserved seating. Come ON!! That's pretty lame excuse for not letting us in. When we finally made it in, we sat in the first row of the comfortable seats, but in front of us, there was a counter with chairs on rollers and desk lights which I thought was going to turned off once the movie started. NOPE!!As the movie started, the employees were so distracting because they had to bring all the food, popcorn and drinks out. Even though they ducked as they passed back and forth in front of you, you couldn't help but see them in the corner of your eye.You can order the popcorn with hot butter which came in a container  and not a bag. The hot butter was in a cup and you had better pay attention when you poured the butter less you get it all over your clothes.The sound system was great and the theater was clean. I'd give it another chance but maybe not on a weekend.
5	We live about 30-40 minutes away from SMG but it has become our number one place to go for date night by far! Given, you do have to get there early or purchase reserved seats online in order to get the good seats, but how many other theaters even give you the option of reserving your own seats without paying a ridiculous amount of money? For about a dollar more than regular price you can sit wherever you choose to and get there a little later and not wait in line.As for us, we love getting there about 30 to 45 minutes early so we can order food and drinks and enjoy the meal before the movie begins. Doing so allows us to eat at our own pace and with the lights on, and then nibble and snack on whatever we didn't finish throughout the film! On that note the food is delicious. Every time we go, we try something new and haven't been disappointed with any item on the menu. The best part for me at least is that I tend to drink soft drinks quite a bit during movies, so having a refill on demand by pushing a button is a revelation! Don't forget to indulge in the popcorn as well, since it is popped from a very high quality, large popping kernel and served with a side of real melted butter (not butter flavored topping), so you can douse it in butter or leave it off if you want a healthier option.The staff from top to bottom was exemplary and attentive. I had originally thought the wait staff would be extremely distracting, but they are discrete and do their best to be as invisible as possible as they bring everything from popcorn and drinks to full meals at any time you want before or even during the film. Great execution and the food is no more expensive than a typical bill from Chili's, however the quality of the food is head and shoulders above your typical bar and grill fare. A smart tip for those complaining about waiting in a long line: they have a line dedicated to people who pre-purchase tickets. That includes people who purchased through Groupon as well as SMGs online site. With the "On-Call" line we have never waited more than 5 minutes and usually use our Groupon, which they run regularly and is five dollars which includes any movie and a non-alcoholic drink. $5 for a movie, drink and a speed pass through the line? Who complains about that?
4	Loved this theater. It is really far to get to from my house but I will go back. The staff was AWESOME! The place was really clean and the seats were comfortable. I didn't order any food because we had just come from dinner. But we want to try the food next time. Thanks for the comfortable movie watching experience.
2	First off, we could not find the theater as we were dirving all over that shopping center looking for it. We planned to be a half hour early so we could get good seats, but by the time we found it and parked, got tickets, we ended up in the front row.  The seats are not as comfy as other theaters and do not recline much.  Our order of popcorn, drinks, and cookies were taken shortly after we arrived, and asked for butter for the opocorn. We had the snacks and drinks delivered before the movie started, but noticed they had not given any butter. I pressed the service button, but did not have a server come to me for a good 15 minutes.  After we asked for buetter, it was another 20-minutes and pressed the service button again. After a few more minutes, a server came and we asked for butter again.  With 45 minutes left in the movie, butter was brought over along with the check and we asked for drink refills. They never came back.The cookies were very good, and once we got the butter, the popcorn was nicely popped, with big kernels, although a little salty.While there are some perks to having food served to you at your seat, it can be distracting as we were worried about the service more than the movie itself.  I may give it another chance, or just go back to getting my own food, and focus on the movie.
2	We bought Groupons over a month ago that  expire on March 21st. This past weekend was the last weekend we could use them, so we either had to go, or forfeit the discounted price. Unfortunately the movie I wanted to see wasn't there, but we were able to get tickets on opening night to 21 Jump Street (which was hilarious! - 5 stars for the movie). To be honest, I wasn't really looking forward to going because I had read bad reviews (standing in a line outside the theater? Office chairs? Servers running around during the movie?) Well, all of it is true. You walk in, buy your tickets, and then are sent to wait in line. 15 minutes before the movie started, we were let into the theater. Immediately, we saw the dreaded rolling office chairs. Lucky for us, though, there were two of the "reserved seats" that hadn't been reserved. I asked one of the employees if we could sit there and he said yes. We sat in the first row of reserved seats which essentially is the first row of the top section, right behind the main walkway. If I would have paid extra for these tickets, I would have been pretty upset, because the servers run (crouched down, which makes it more distracting) across it during the movie. I felt pretty bad for the servers - that cannot be good for your back! Anyway, after we sat down, we pressed the red service button and someone came by to take our orders. I order a Diet Dr Pepper and my husband had a Sierra Mist (Pepsi products). Probably about two minutes later, the drinks arrived. I was pleasantly surprised how quick the service was, but unfortunately my drink was wrong. No big deal, I just pressed the button again and someone quickly changed it out. It was wrong again. Ok...third time's a charm, right? Nope! After two root beers and a Diet Pepsi, I finally walked out of the theater to find a counter where I could at least see the right one being dispensed! There was a manager standing right when I walked out and he let me know that he'd bring me Diet Dr Pepper, and he did. It's really not that big of a deal, but I think they need a better system of labeling sodas. They said they use different straws, but maybe no one knows the straw system? I don't know! We didn't order food, but I did glance over the menu. Popcorn is $4.25 and they had a pretty wide selection of items.  Overall, I'm just not really a fan of the eating dinner/watching a movie thing, but everyone is different. Unless there was another Groupon (and even then, it'd be questionable) I don't see myself returning.
4	I would probably give this place 3.5 stars.I am rounding up to 4 stars because the prices are much more reasonable that other "dinner movie theaters." Also, the service is friendly and fast, and the menu options are pretty good. The food also seems a bit cheaper than other similar places.The food however isn't amazing. It seems to be slightly better than other places we have been to, and they are somewhat generous with their portions. While some of the seating is more normal, regular chairs, there are also seating options that are office chairs. They are comfortable ones, but at times it can be a bit awkward when you swivel into your neighbor or try to get comfortable.I will continue to go here though for this type of experience, as the prices are so reasonable. It's also very clean!
4	So happy that groupon helped me discover the SMG!  As a previous fan of farrelli's, I was so sad our go-to date night place went out of business, but I am happy again thanks to discovering we have a new go-to place for a cheap dinner and a movie night.  For $5 each the Hubs and I got to see a movie and get a drink... what a deal!We used to go to this theater when we were in high school... it was the cool place then, but over the years it's become run down and old.  Now that SMG has come in to revitalize it, the place is better than ever.  Loved the modern look and feel.  The bar look inviting, but we choose to just sit and wait till we were called back to our theater, which I found a little odd, but didn't mind.  Once we went back, we picked a seat.  The office type chairs were a little weird, but they were comfortable so I didn't mind.  I liked the set up better than farrelli's because the stadium seating view was much better.  The menu had a lot of choices, mostly bar type food, but it was inexpensive and offered lots of options.  We saw 21 Jump Street and had popcorn and drinks.  The service was awesome... very attentive and prompt.All in all, I can say we will be back again for sure.  We had a great overall experience and would highly recommend it.  In fact, we've already purchased two more groupons, which I think it an awesome deal to say the least!
1	Groupon ran a few specials to this place and I bought a few thinking $5 for a ticket and drink was a great deal...NOPE!I love the dinner/movie theater concept, so I was excited when Groupon ran their special and was looking forward to trying this place out. I love IPic and the new AMC dinner theaters. But this place does it all WRONG. Horrible execution. HORRIBLE.First of all, if you don't have "reserved" tickets, you need to show up at least an hour or two early to get a decent seat. Shows are always sold out. Theaters are too small and they block out 60% for "reserved" seating. Should you find yourself with only the front row available with the rolling office chairs, (this has happened to me twice now), you can't upgrade your tickets to reserved seating at the box office. You have to purchase all new tickets through the kiosk or online for a $2 surcharge (a very annoying, anti-customer service move). A clever backhanded way of getting an extra $2 from the customers. That is bad business. By the way - the Groupon tickets are NOT reserved seating. When I complained to the manager, he said there was absolutely nothing he could do about the situation (really? Nothing? What good are you as a manager if you have no power to remedy a customer's problem???). Then he proceeded to condescendingly explain the whole "reserved" seating thing - yeah, I get it, I'm not an idiot. So I said I probably would not be returning because everything about the place was such a HASSLE. His response: that's fine if you don't come back.RUDE. BAD FORM.I can't speak for the food because I didn't even get that far.Awful place. Will not be returning.
4	Went to Studio Movie Grill for the first time on Saturday night with the help of Groupons and enjoyed it very much.  The lobby is attractive and clean.  Everyone is handed a drink and food menu after buying a ticket.  The menu has appetizers, burgers, pizza, quesadillas, chicken tenders - it's similar to food at Chilis.  There is a large selection of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.  There is a bar in the lobby, but no one was sitting there when I was there.  I'm assuming you can have drinks and food there as well as in the theater.  The theater itself is set up like a dinner theater with the choice of comfy desk-type chairs lined up at a counter or chairs each with a moveable table top.  There is a button at every person's elbow to summon the wait servers.  The staff responds almost instantly to the press of the button and the food and drinks come quickly too.  I had a chicken quesadilla which was delicious.  Now this was weird.  I had a skinny marguerita which was much too strong!  It was like drinking straight alcohol.  The waiter was good-natured and did the best he could to fix it, but it was pretty hopeless.  If you like your drinks strong, you'll get your money's worth here.Speaking of money, I read reviews that mentioned this was a pricey place.  Yes, the drinks are a few dollars more than usual, but the food and movie price seemed about average to me.  I didn't check out the popcorn.  But I don't feel I spent too much more that usual for movie and a meal.  Plus, the place was a different experience.I should mention the movie selection.  There are plenty of titles to choose from, including documentaries and movies that would be considered "arty."  And what other movie theater passes out dinner mints on the way out?One minor complaint - the ladies bathroom could be cleaner.  It looked "well used" by 9:00 PM and there were still the late shows left.By the way, there were no talkers or kids making noises during our movie.  I recommend this place.  I finally found a way to get my husband to a movie - have a beer at the same time.
5	Fantastic place to see a movie... The theater was comfortable, and nice. The food was great... This is what all movie theater should be...
3	I loved the atmosphere and the staff was very friendly BUT if you plan on catching a buzz before your movie, do it at the house! The drinks were expensive and i couldnt even taste any boose. Also my pesto chicken pizza was discusting but my roomate got a grilled cheese and sweet potato fries that were great. So stick with munchies type food and bring a flask! Well return for sure.
4	Went to Studio Movie Grill to see The Raven and really enjoy this place.  For one there is plenty of parking and usually plenty of seating in the theaters.  I do admit that the prices are a little steep, but again we are at the movies when have you ever had a deal unless you go to the dollar theater. The ticket prices are very similar to a regular theater and they seem to be on Groupon frequently so watch out for those that will help make up for the increased food prices :)
5	I really like this place. But to be honest, Ive only gone on a sunday and a monday. Seemed like our group was the only one in the theatreThe place is very nicely designed, you can just feel how modern it is when you walk in. Tickets are not anymore expensive then going to a regular theater. Got a beer which was around 6 dollars, not too expensive considering it is a movie theatre. I ordered a grilled chicken burger with sweet potato fries and it was surprisingly delicious. The fries seemed like it was unlimited, couldn't even finish all the food I had.Leather seats were comfortable and service was polite. Overall a great experience
4	This is the best way to watch a movie!! Great service and comfortable seating. At first i was not sure of the office chairs, but I now prefer those to the standard theatre seating. As far as food goes, we have many favorites- quesadillas, nachos ( messy but good) , hot chocolate chip cookies and sliders. We have tried the chicken tenders and they seemed like they came out of a bag. The popcorn is good, just make sure to ask for it with hot butter. Free refills on sodas and ice tea and you never have to get up. Watch for groupons as well.
3	It's definitely something new to try out.  You should go at least once.  It's a little weird your first time there.  Food is decent, prices are reasonable, and staff are quick to get to you when you press your button.Downsides: It's dark, obviously, so it's difficult seeing where your food is because you're not used to eating in the dark.  Once you finish, your dishes sit there (even though the server may bring you another drink, they don't clean off your table...unless you physically hand it to them).  We saw, Chenobyl Diaries, which is a scary movie.  I imagine it's rated R, at least.  We saw a couple bring their 3 year old daughter to the movie.  I get it, parents are supposed to be better than that, but at the same time, shouldn't the theater have a responsibility as well.  I just wish somebody would have told them that's not okay.Upside:  The seats are comfortable, smaller theaters, and a lot more room than your typical movie theater.
4	The whole concept of going in and being treated like you're being served at a restaurant with a waiter, but you're in a "normal" movie theater but with a table that pulls up to you, was brand new to me and I loved it. Been here three times. Food is delicious, especially the fries, both the "plain" fries (which are spicy) and the sweet potato fries (which are really sweet potatoes and not just flavored). The screens are huge, too, with standard, strong sound, and the 3D theater uses RealD.I do have a complaint and that is that their server request lights are not being kept up to proper maintenance. Mine was out once, and the theater is still relatively new, so I found that to be a bit ridiculous.
3	I had a nice experience here. The service was really good, the seats were really comfy but I don't think I'm a fan of drinks/dinner and a movie together. I went here to watch Immortals and I don't think I remember one bit of it because I was so distracted by the drinks and such. It's really hard to stay quiet during a meal or while having drinks with friends so this type of thing isn't for me. I like to be focused if I'm watching a movie because I hate being lost and asking questions. Maybe next time I'll try some finger foods and maybe a beer, but I have a feeling I will get distracted!
4	Took my 8 yr old son here the other day for the Childrens Summer Series. We saw Puss in Boots. The tickets were cheap as the concept is similiar to Harkins Summer Movie Fun. The food was actually pretty good and reasonably priced. My son really enjoyed his experience and said, "mom when new movies come out can we come here to see them?"I would like to come back for an adult movie/drinks. As a fellow yelper previously reviewed, you end up not being able to see your food and they do not pick up dishes. However, there are arm rest cup holders which provide additional tray space!
4	The best thing about this dine in theater? You can go with as many people as you want. They've been opening up these places pretty fast, and I haven't had a chance to check them all out, but a few that I've been to have the seats arranged in pairs. Which is incredibly awkward if three of you want to go see a movie, and pretty much not good if you want to go with more than one other person. Not this one. The theater seats are arranged in rows. Every two rows has one walking area. The back row has chairs, all next to each other, with little tables that swing over the chair, kinda like how college desks work, but a bigger space. The front row is like a long bar with rolly chairs to sit in. (the downside i saw being that the area isn't divided well so some rolly chairs were taking up more room, leaving other spots along the row squished) We sat in a back row and chatted with our neighbors, whom we didn't know. I found it to be comfortable and fun. As our first time, we harassed the waiter with questions, which he was happy to answer. You can order from the kids menu without being a kidOnce you order a soda, it's free refills, and they will even let you switch between sodas (so get a coke, then refill with sprite).Splitting meals between people is no problemAnd there is a light up button on your table, so you can order whenever, request refills, anything. But if you don't hit the button, they will leave you completely alone. The only downside is that they drop off the bill maybe 45 min from the end. And if you don't pay they keep wandering over to check. I get that they have a theater full of people and they don't want you to run out and get lost in the crowd without paying, but it was pretty distracting (especially since my friend and i were on the same tab and needed to figure out how we wanted to divide the bill). Overall decent food, good selection, not cheap, but they are flexible with the menu if you are on a budget. *I went for a sneak peak viewing of 21 jump street, which meant that my movie was free, but we paid for any food, etc.
4	This is a great place. They run amazing deals like GroupOn $5 for a movie ticket and soda (I don't recommend anyone drinks soda with HFCS), but I digress. They also have charity days where you can bring in a canned food item for free admission. Now, down to the nitty gritty. Nice theatre, much better than most brew and views I've been to. The seats could be more comfortable, they recline but then they bounce right back. The other seating is just like your computer office desk at home. The food is hit or miss. They failed to declare that the grilled cheese is actually more like american plastic cheese sandwich. The other food was good, but the service is rather fail. Ordered the 4 appetizer combo, and they came out with three items. Yet again no apologies, what is with service these days? The screens are great and just like a regular movie theatre, it just sucks when they fail to dim the lights until half way through the movie. It makes the 3D glasses reflect like crazy. Overall it's worth a go, a bit pricy (for the food/drinks) but enjoyable none the less. I just bought 10 movie passes on GroupOn. Oh Yeah.
5	I have been going to this place now for about 6 months (since it opened) I have now been here 10+ times and this is my second review. I love Studio Movie Grill, I only go to this theater now, it is great everytime.  I would like if they updated their menu, although I do have some favorites I would like some new options.
4	Studio Movie Grill is a great place to take in a movie.  It's a modern dine-in theater with an upbeat atomspere. Great music can be heard in the lobby as you wait for admittance to your movie.  There is also a full bar in the lobby where movie-goers can sit back, relax and have a bite to eat while waiting. Once inside the spacious auditorium you have the option to sit at a long desk-like countertop while sitting in comfy leather office chairs or individual leather seats with foldable table tops. The food is decent.....kind of like eating at TGI Fridays.  The pricing is reasonable, just like any other restaurant, but its great to space time and eat while watching the movie.  The one thing I found a little difficult is seeing the menu in the dark.  They provide a dim light under the counter.  The light is helpful, but doesn't provide enough   light to comfortably view the menu. Some of the menu items include:  Smoked ribs, Cheddar BBQ Burger, BBQ Chicken Wrap, Thai Salad, Pizza, etc.  An order of Popcorn is so large it feeds at least 3+ people for only $4.95. If you are so fortuate to come across a Groupon for $5 movie and soda, make sure to get it. You won't regret it.  The drinks along are $2.99.  You can't beat that anywhere.  My favorite is the Strawberry Lemonade.
4	I went with my friends to this place over the weekend for the first time and liked it a lot. This place is different than most movie theaters because instead of standard stadium seating, customers sit in leather recliners or desk chairs and have food served to them as if they were in a restaurant.  The food is Applebees quality but a little more expensive. My friends and I liked that fact that it was all-you-can-drink too. This place is has top notch technology in the bathrooms and lobby. TV screens and digital posters are all over the walls. This place also has a bar in the main lobby with sports on TV too. I would say that this place is comparable to the Alamo Roadhouse in Austin, Texas. So far, this is the only restaurant style movie theater that I'm aware of in the state of Arizona. I give this place 4 start instead of five because my friend did not get his drink until half way through the movie after getting his food because the server button on the seat was broken. This was a fun experience and I will go to it again in the future. TIP: go to groupon and get a deal on tickets to this place to save some money
4	A very nice experience overall. The auditorium was clean, the sound and picture flawless. Our seats resembled the front seats out of modern Volvo or a Gulfstream. Very comfortable. The middle armrest of each pair of seats lifts to get out of the way if you are in the mood for some PDA. Towards the front of the theater there were other seats that resembled office chairs on wheels, and were pushed up against a desk-height counter. We didn't try them but I think the experience in those would be significantly less pleasant.The food was actually not bad. I paid about $12 for a half-pound burger with cheese and 'shrooms, served with sweet potato fries. The $9 martinis weren't really that impressive, only being filled about 2/3rd of the way. Service was prompt and efficient, and the staff does a good job of not getting in the way of the picture.I went there with the Groupon ($6 for ticket and softdrink). At that price it's a steal, though I would consider going back even at the full price.
4	This is my new go to place for movies.  We typically find the $5 GroupOn deal and it is way cheaper than the regular movie theater and less crowds.  If there is a movie we really want to see, my hubby reserves our seats online - can't use GroupOn.  We have always gotten there early so that we are not stuck with the office chairs.  We typically get the reclining seats.  We love that we can order drinks and food and they serve to us.  No more of the balancing act with drinks and popcorn at the regular theater.  The food is decent - they offer appetizers, salads, burgers, chicken strips, etc.  They do make an effort in having a healthier menu by offering fresh fruit, salad, cheese and fruit plates.  Sometimes they are very heavy handed with the butter - they butter the buns for hotdogs and burgers...just tell your server light or no butter.  They also serve alcohol.  Their food and drink prices are definitely lower than iPic, but are comparable to YardHouse pricing.  The service is great and a great place for a date night.
5	I love this theatre. The seating and food are terrific.What a pleasure to be served at the theatre. You can enjoy a bottle of wine or beer at your seat. Amazing! It was worth the elevated prices to have those kind of amenites. Another side note is that it was quite, not too many kids either. Lots of date nights going on.
2	decent theater but very expensive. Got free tickets for the movies so I thought it would be a nice reasonable price out for my son and I. The seats were comfortable, the theater clean, but the waiters walking back and forth and taking orders was a little to distracting for me. And then my son and I each order a burger and soft drink and the bill was $30 really - and I was not impressed with the burger, overcooked and small so... while the movie theater was clean and seats were nice, not clean or nice enough for me to return
5	Came here for the Magic Mike's Ladie's night Yelp event.  What an awesome place to come watch a movie, friendly staff, and clean.  Very hip, definitely different way to a boring movie night.It is a great place for an date, family or just having a girls night out.  Love it!!  I will definitely have to bring my family here to watch a movie or come back here for an movie date night with my husband.  They offer variety of selection on their menu, from Chicken tenders, pizza, salad...etc  Price is decent, we had their chicken tenders, burger bites, and buffalo chicken bites;  I had an Ice tea and my friend had a beer, our bill was under $30, plus watched an awesome movie and had a great girls time.  Can't beat that.
4	This movie theater really makes me want to scream out in Annie-style "let's go to the movies" song. Translation? I like this movie theater! It provides an actual movie going experience. Upon walking inside, I immediately liked the open vibe. It isn't too crowded, it's space and it's organized. A trendy bar sits behind the ticket counter, allowing guests to enjoy a cocktail (or three) before the show. As pricing goes, this is comparable to your regular movie theater, which is nice! You can grab a regularly priced ticket and enjoy comfortable seating without an increase in price. If you'd like to eat during the show, that's a go too! The pricing for the food is about what you'd pay for concessions at a regular movie theater. I really like how this theater offers spacious seating with TV dinner style holders and comfortable chairs. My new philosophy is, why go to a regular movie theater when I can go to one like Studio Movie Grill for the same price!?
4	I am not a huge fan of going out to the movies, but we all know that some movies are just so much better on the monster screen. I love taking the family to this, the seats are comfortable, its rarely super crowded (but I dont go at "peak times") and the food is decent. The food I would put akin to chilli's or red robin and the prices are around the same. The drinks are a touch pricier but not completely out there for Scottsdale.
3	have been here a few times now and have to say everyone is nice and helpful and friendly but the food is never up to par. i really expect better quality and freshness for the price you pay the theater is very comfortable and the seats are great. but wont eat here again. even the popcorn could use improvement
4	came here with a groupon. I really like this place ,what you would pay for a movie and dinner you can do here all in one. food is priced good. the dessert and alcohol was a little crazy. we order a Molten Chocolate Cake w/Vanilla ice cream it was 7$ was so not worth it it came on a reg sized plate and a lil cup for the ice cream the cake itself was no bigger than the palm of my hand(i have tiny lady hands lol). i still would come here again but learned my lesson on the desserts.Its a fun date night. i also would like to add that yes they do not clear off you dishes so if no one is seating next to you(which we got lucky) then you can just put you stuff on the next seat but if not than those dishes might be with you the whole movie.
5	Wow movies and dinner in one! Can we say awesome!! Plenty of parking and the place is new! Seats are comfy you can chose from the actually table seats with office like chairs of movie style chairs with a attached side table. Service at a push of a button. A full service bar can you say movie and drinks I love I love! If you want you can choose your seat if you book online. Movie tickets matinee are dirt cheap! $7 for adults $5.50 for kids and seniors 55 and up. Get your new movie on in a new theatre and in style!. Prices for food are moderate but they have specials like MARGARITA MONDAYS$2 off margaritas, frozen or on the rocksBEER + BURGER TUESDAYS$2 off regular beers, $2 off burgersENDLESS PIZZA WEDNESDAYS$9.95 per personPITCHER THURSDAYS$2 off any appetizer with purchase of a pitcher of beer, pitcher of margarita, or bucket of beersalsp theres always groupons for $5.50 i think and it includes a ticket and a free drink such a steal be on the lookout!
5	What a perfect place to combine Dinner and a Movie in one location!!There's a BAR right as you walk in after purchasing your tickets. The theater seats are comfortable but probably only fit half as many as an AMC theater since there are moveable table tops that take up more space.You can order food at the press of a red button and a server will come and take your order. Word of advice: order early because once the movie starts, it's a little distracting to place an order during the movie.Food prices are similar to any outside restaurant... burgers or pizza around $10-12. And you can order beer or any cocktail too!! There are some weekday specials like all you can pizza on Wednesday. Bathrooms are super modern & clean as well! Will be back.
3	Liked the swivel-action chairs at the very front, which came in handy when watching certain people move around the theater during the Yelp Magic Mike event, but if I were to actually pay for a movie there, I'd like to have something to prop my feet up on for comfort.  The rest of the sections had fixed chairs that had rests that swing inwards after you sit down so that you may rest your arms or your entree and/or drink on.  It reminded me of grammar school desks.  I can't remember if the chairs reclined, since we quickly moved to the chairs up front for a better view.I prefer the ordering system here to that of UltraStar.  I liked that fact that the servers brought the tab towards the end of the film, rather than having them crouch up to me and asking me for my payment soon after they drop off the goods- very disruptive.  There's even a red button in front of every two seats so that you may call a server over-- it felt like I was starring in a game show, or about to detonate something!  How fun!  :)  I think every diner (or, at the very least, every two seats) should be given a menu though, instead of my having to ask someone for it (one female server outside the theater room even told me I'd have to walk to the box office to ask for a menu!  Thank goodness I ran into a person whose body language gave me the impression that he was one of the coordinators/managers in charge and asked him for one.I'll come back soon to get the real scoop on the service!
4	Went for the first time today and had a great experience. Very friendly staff welcomed us and the place is very clean.  The seats are leather and have a swivel "table/tray" attached if you choose to eat lunch or dinner there, which we did.  They have a pretty large menu offering the typical appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, salads and typical movie treats and...WAIT FOR IT....BEER and ALCOHOL!  The nice thing is, you never have to leave your seat, just push the button on your tray, and a very friendly server appears! I had a burger and beer today (Tuesdays are $2 off burgers and beer).  The burger and fries were tasty and the beer was cold!  I believe they do have other daily specials like $2 off Margaritas on Mondays.  Can't wait to go there again...the movie ticke prices are very affordable and prices for food are comparable to any other restaurant.
3	It seems like dine-in theaters are popping up all over the Valley these days. Studio Movie Grill in north Scottsdale recently opened.The theater has a far less luxurious feel than the AMC Esplanade 14 or even iPic Theaters. Instead of comfy reclining seats, you're stuck sitting upright, and you won't get any blankets to keep you warm. The inside looks the most like a traditional theater that I've seen at a dine-in theater-and my companion mentioned the lobby reminded him of an airport, and the theater itself, a bowling alley.Like the other two places, though, ordering food or drinks from your server is as easy as pushing the button at your seat. They'll come and grab your order (the menu is full of American food, similar to AMC Esplanade 14), and they'll deliver it to you throughout the movie.Movie tickets are $9 Sunday-Thursday and $11 Friday's and Saturday's, which is way less expensive than iPic and around the same price at Esplanade. I heard people are arriving up to an hour early for weekend movies, so be warned.We drank and ate during the movie. We got a pitcher of domestic beer for $15, which I thought was a good deal considering the two of us drank two beers each from it. For food, I ate a grilled cheese sandwich ($6.25), which came with French fries. I actually really liked this grilled cheese sandwich, since the bread was thick and there was lots of cheese, and the seasoned fries were thickly cut and tasted great. Some regular movie theater concession stand items at non-dine-in theaters are just as expensive, so I thought the food prices here were really reasonable.Though the food and prices were satisfactory, based on the less comfortable atmosphere, I'd still pick AMC Esplanade 14 out of the now three dine-in theaters I've tried.
5	What a pleasant surprise when the phone rang and a friend of mine (M) invited me to accompany her to Studio Grill. Dinner and a movie. Great concept! I had never been before so I was in for a treat.Our experience was good from the start. M had purchased two groupons for $5 each (or one groupon good for two people- not sure which). The tickets included admission and a soda (iced tea). $5 for a combination of first-run movies with in-theater dining from an extensive American Grill menu and full-service bar?!! Plus the ability to push a button to place your order with an SMG team member directly from your seat and have your food and beverages delivered before and during the show. How could we beat that experience?!?M and I settled into the comfortable leather seats with attached trays, ordered our food and escaped from the dry desert heat.  We watched Rock of Ages (I loved all the classic rock songs!). My grilled chicken sandwich and raspberry tea were tasty. I was tempted to push the little red button for service during the movie just to push it, but I didn't (TROUBLE is my middle name).After the movie ended we...yes...we did it. Walked right in to People Like Us. shhhhh Don't tell anyone. Two movies and an iced tea for $5 (plus the cost of the chicken sandwich).Groupon is offering the deal again today so hurry before the deal expires.
4	7/11/12Since the Yelp Magic Mike event, I've been back to see two movies- Ted on Tuesday ($5.50 for any movies starting after 10p) and The Amazing Spider-Man 3D ($12 for the 930p viewing) tonight.  The regular seats that fill the theaters here are actually quite comfy without foot rests for my 5'0" frame (although reclining seats would still be optimal!), and the seats are spacious enough to allow me to sit however I choose to do so, lotus position, or whatever.  For those of you with much longer legs than me, just grab a swivel-chair in front of you and use it as a foot rest; After the opening-day hype dies down, I'm sure this won't be a problem.I don't know what kind of 3D technology this theater uses, but the pair of glasses handed to me was one of the better types I've come across.  And may I say kudos for the LARGE placard asking patrons not to walk out of the theater with them?  Of course, it would be nice if someone was actually manning the doors to retrieve the pairs (I hate recycling practically brand-new pairs of glasses when someone else can use them-- just wipe them off first, please!).  Hey, how about having a receptacle allowing us to drop them off?  I gave mine to a passing server outside the room.
4	This Movie theater is right up my alley! Booze, food AND a great moive! if this place was in north phoenix it would get 5 starts. I really wanna come see a movie here some time with a DD so I can get hammered while I watch a really funny movie. just sayin'.
4	I bought the Groupon for a movie + soda for $5 last week since I thought it was too good of a deal to pass up. Loved the bar in the lobby - I was a wee bit early for my movie so it was nice to be able to sit & order a drink prior to going in rather than just standing around.Inside the theater I was impressed! Comfy chair with a service button and a menu full of tasty treats? It made Magic Mike truly magical.If that Groupon returns, I'm buying as many as possible.
3	Seats are awesome, popcorn was AWEFUL, staff was fair. Our server was nice. However everybody else looked liked they hated being there.
3	A fun new way to watch a movie. Expecially for adults. Nice menu and cocktail options. Customer service lacking in the bar area. Before movie, while ordering our drinks the bartender seemed extremely slow-moving. Didn't seem to enjoy her job at all. Was very unattentive and snappy after I'd placed my order. Extremely unhelpful, rude, and unprofessional! Beer was flat too. Bummer! Ruined my experience before I even got into the theatre.
4	Went last week after buying the $5 Groupon for one ticket plus a soda.  You get a better seating group if you buy your ticket earlier so that was cool.  The food prices are not bad considering how expensive food is in regular theaters (about $7-$15 depending on what you want).  There was a slight hiccup with our order where we got our food first but had to wait 20 minutes before our drinks came (after repeatedly asking servers where they were).  Our food was cold by then but after talking to a manager, they brought out a fresh order and they comped our meal.  Also, management handed out free passes as we were walking out since there was a cricket chirping during the movie (which didn't really bother me).All in all, I would recommend this place since you can have a decent meal with your movie, the servers are super friendly, and because management seems to actually care about customer service.
5	Studio Movie Grill is the first class cabin for movie theaters. Buying a reserved seat online is like flying with premium status. I'm never going to a normal movie theater again! So you can buy a reserved seat online for like $2 extra per ticket which means no waiting in line for a seat during the opening weekend and guaranteed good seating. You have to pick up the ticket will call which also has no line because they will service people with reserved tickets before anyone trying to buy a ticket in person. The seats are comfy and you get to order food and drinks!The popcorn is awesome - full, big kernels covered in normal movie theater butter. Definitely tasted fresher and of a higher quality than most theater popcorn which always seems really stale and the shape of the kernels is big & round instead of the normal popcorn shape. The cheese fries are awesome - excellent seasoned fries covered in nacho cheese & ranch dressing. The fries themselves are really high quality - texture of beer battered fries with seasoning so it's crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The seven layer chocolate cake is amazing - thick, moist, and oh so chocolaty. After the movie they give out dinner mints to everyone which is a very nice touch.I really am never going to a normal movie theater again. Reserved seating and food and drink service is the way to go.
5	My family and I went last week and had a wonderful time! The theatre was large, clean, and the staff was wonderful!  Reserving tickets online is the only way to go. The food was good and the service was prompt. We vowed we would only go to movies in this theatre from now on! Can't wait to go back again.
4	For the price and experience- this is a great place!Food was good but not outstanding. I'd relate it to a chilis or Applebee's type. Came in fancy plates & dishes though, so that's nice. Atmosphere is awesome, especially when you enter and don't feel like your in the typical movie theatre. Seats are not comfortable. This is the only reason I gave it a 4 star and not 5. We saw a 2 hour and 45 minute movie, and we were uncomfortable for more than half of the movie. Luckily, we could order food to get our minds off the lousy seats!Seems like most seats would have a good view. Screen is nice, as well as sound. Theatre is pretty large. Do yourself a favor and pre select your seats online. It's stressful going in and having to "rush" the doors. It's only 50 cents per ticket to pre select, so do so.
4	The saving grace for this theater is the Groupon they readily have available.  $5 for a move AND a soda makes up for the high prices on food.  The most appropriately priced items are the soda ($3) and popcorn ($4.50) believe it or not.  We also had the steak quesadilla - solid, on the edge of too much cheese.  I will definitely be back, but probably not at full price!
4	Wish I could give SMG 3.5 stars, so I'll round up.  The theater is nicer than your average movie theater, especially if you buy full price tickets and pay the extra $2 to reserve seats.  The problem is the disparity between the nice seats and the not nice seats.  The nice seats are comfortable arm chairs with side tables--they are great.  The not nice seats are office chairs lined up at countertops, resembling seats at a college seminar class.  I just thought these were odd.  Fortunately, I bought tickets through Groupon Now! ($5 for a ticket & soda), so having to sit in the office chairs was worth it.  I would have been angry if I'd paid full price for a ticket and got stuck there!  I think the Groupon Now! is probably best used for movies that have been out a few weeks so you still have a chance to get a bargain and sit in the nice seats.We only ordered popcorn, which wasn't particularly hot nor was it very buttery (although that's healthier, I suppose), so I can't really comment on the quality of the food.  I will say that the menu prices seemed pretty in line with the typical grill sit down restaurant
5	Studio Movie Grill was amazing! I saw the Dark Knight Rises there and I was a great experience. They had a great menu selection and the waiters were prompt in their service. I would highly recommend this theater to anyone looking for a great movie experience.
4	Like the concept. Especially since when you go to a regular theatre you end up paying a ton of money for cruddy concessions. I have bought the Groupons for it several times. Totally worth it. The staff is very good and it is a nice touch being offered a mint on your way out. 1 tip: Don't order the dragon fruit mojito. Gross. I thought a mojito had more than just 1 mint leaf floating at the top...?!? I blame it on inexperienced drink makers. I will just go to the bar afterwards.
5	I have been several times now to see movies here, and it is by far the best movie experience out there. The food is decent for the price, and the service is mostly great, but has issues when really packed. I give them a break on that since it was crazy the one time we had so so service. The seats are very comfortable. I recommend reserving for fisrt weekend premiers and using groupons for second week showings. Where else can you order a bottle of wine or pitcher of beer, even mixed drinks. We even took my parents in their 60's and they said it was the best movie experience they've had. They said they would drive from Anthem again passing up like6 theatres just to go there.
1	As a concept, I think they stumbled upon a great idea. Too bad there seems to be some cutting of corners. I attended an afternoon show and the food was terrible. It was obvious that this was food prepared hours before, if not actually left over food from the day before: the fries were so dry you could be forgiven for thinking they were chopsticks, the spicy wings were rubbery, and the sauce they poured on top to make them seem fresh only made things worse. My wife's sandwich was soggy, so much so that she couldn't eat  after a few bites as there was nothing to hold, especially since they hadn't supplied a spoon to scoop the gruel with! Because I like the idea, I might try a later show to see if they serve fresh food then, but I have to say that my first experience was disappointing.
3	Okay, its 115 degrees outside. WHAT DO YOU DO? WHAT DO YOU DO?! You go on groupon, spend $5 and go to a movie that serves food and alcohol. Pros: Food and alcohol served to you at your recliner. Nice waiters, nice staff. Good Popcorn and soda.Fairly cold beer, which makes a sub-par movie bearable. Cold A/CCons: Food is pretty expensive,Pizza is Chuck E Cheese StyleWings are breaded and you get like 5 or 6 for $10 with a wilted stem of celery and some ranch dressingSalad was okay but its hard to see well enough to spear it properlyA good friend once said "never eat food you can't see". We were not impressed. Our bill for three people who got a salad, wings, and a pizza was $60 (pitcher of beer was $16). That includes our discounted ticket. YOu will not come out unscathed if you drink. This is not happy hour. BUt you eat at your seat. It's a trade off.So, if eating and drinking at your seat is important to you, YAY FIVE STARS!!If good food and fair prices are your thing, eat first, drink first, buy a group and spend $5. TIy get a free drink with that.(OH, AND THE BREADED WINGS BITE ....IN A BAD WAY)
4	This was my first experience at a movie theatre/restaurant, and I was pretty pleased! The food was standard fare, decently priced.I had the chicken nachos, which was a huge serving, but a bit hard to eat in the dark. Probably gonna just order a sandwich the next time I go so I don't have to look down so much and fiddle with scooping and stuff lol. My husband had the grilled cheese with sweet potato fries, which he enjoyed! We both had vanilla milkshakes, which were kinda pricey--around $5. We watched The Campaign, which was a light-hearted comedy that didn't require too much attention. At the end of the movie, we came to the consensus that we would never come here to watch a serious movie that required a lot of focus, but for a comedy like The Campaign, it was just fine.The servers were very nice! They did their best to stay out of the way of the screen--poor things were hunched over and scurrying around the entire time!
3	Don't get me wrong this place is very fancy. I like that they play new and old movies.You go to the cashier and you pay for a your ticket and you also get a huge menu for food and drinks. As you continue to walk into the movie theater you will see a huge bar. No one was sitting there, but if you wanted to get wasted before a movie this is your place to go. You'll see waiters and waitress walking all around and you find your theater. You walk in and there are rows with huge comfy chairs with a side table that you can put in front of you if you get food or drinks. Don't get me wrong  you definitely get a lot of leg room! However there is one row that is just a row of computer chairs up to a bar table. No one was sitting in front of me, but I can imagine if it was a tall guy/girl I wouldn't have been able to see the screen too well.With the Groupon that I got it came with a free drink so I got a strawberry lemonade, It'd order it again. Beside the Groupon we ordered a popcorn which was also good. I know they had a lot of other stuff like chicken and pizza and stuff, but I wasn't there to eat dinner. You have servers walking all around through the movie and you just push this little red button if you want something. But you do have to hear talking through the movie if someone decides to order then. I also must say it was very cold in there! So if you want to get away from the Arizona heat, this is the place for you.
3	Saw the Studio Movie Grill Groupon offer for $5 per movie ticket (with free soda) and couldn't pass on the opportunity.  I bought a bunch and used a few on Sunday to see the 11:15am showing of The Bourne Legacy.  The staff consists mainly of young adults, and all were very professional. The ticketing area is off to the left once you enter.  The ticket agent is apparently used to accepting Groupons.  She redeemed the Groupon codes off my phone, handed us our movie tickets, drink tickets, and the extensive menu.  Off to the right of the ticketing area is the lobby - clean, open, and bright.  Right behind the ticketing area is the bar.  We entered theater #4 close to 30mins before showing and that didn't seem to be a problem.  Since it was early and we planned on having lunch after the movie, we decided on a couple of "snacks".  I pushed the red button (available with each seat) and within five minutes, the server came by.The free drink tickets are applied towards non-alcoholic beverages only (i.e., soft drinks, iced tea, strawberry lemonade, and coffee).  Our drinks arrived within five minutes and the food ten minutes after that.  The sweet potato fries and molten chocolate cake were warm (not hot), but both were good (the cake comes with vanilla ice cream).  The serving size of the cake is a bit lacking, so if you're hungry and craving dessert, each person better order their own - just sayin'.During our time there, we were served by four individuals - one that took our order, one that delivered our drinks, one that dropped off/picked up the bill, and one that took away the silverware/dishes (real, not paper or plastic!).  Although staff was busy coming in and out of the theater during the length of the movie, they were unobtrusive and didn't detract from the movie/dining experience.  Tip - include the drink tickets once you have the bill and the server will deduct the price of the non-alcoholic drinks off your bill. The lot was pretty empty when we got there but by the time we left, it was almost full and there were lines forming for some of the showings.  To avoid the rush for good seats, I think I'm going to avoid movies during opening weekend.  Overall, we enjoyed our time at Studio Movie Grill and will be going back next week! (See pics to get an idea of the layout and menu items.)I've been to three movie/dining places in AZ -  iPic, UltraStar Cinemas and SMG.  My fave so far is SMG; it's classy but a bit more intimate.  There are a few restaurants outside of the theater if you don't feel like ordering off SMG's menu.  We ended up having lunch at NaRai Thai & Sushi.
3	Went again last night with two friends with the intention of catching the 8pm showing of The Campaign.  (Yep, had Groupons to redeem again.)  Unfortunately, most of the shows were sold out and we went with the first available one; the 8:30pm showing of Premium Rush.  The place is definitely more packed in the evening than in the morning/afternoon.  We got our tickets around 7:40 and hung around the bar until called to the waiting line for our show.  Apparently there are three lines and staff will make an announcement when the line is open for your movie (usually 20-30mins before show time).  Oh yeah - if you pay for reserved seating, you don't have to wait in line.  You'll be escorted by staff to your seat(s).  I noticed there are more staff in the evening and they were quite busy throughout the show.  We ordered three skinny coconut coladas ($9.50 each), the chopped salad ($12.25), the Build Your Own starter, and three sodas (to use up the free drink tickets).  The coladas were good and strong enough.  The chopped salad and BYO starter were decently sized, which was a nice surprise.  The dressing for the chopped salad was good and with the fresh ingredients, made each bite good (could have done with less blue cheese though).  For the BYO starter (we get up to four items), we chose the coconut chicken tenders, spicy drummettes, burger bites, and smoked ribs.  You basically get a half order for each.  We got a decent portion - three dummettes, two burger bites, three smoked ribs, and four coconut tenders (also had a big side of ranch).  I was surprised at how tender the ribs were and how tasty everything was - definitely worth the $15.25.  I enjoyed both experiences at SMC and will be going back.
5	Low prices, good food with good selection, reasonably priced and served at all seats, reserved seats if you want them, good servers who work at staying out of the way, clean, new and nice but unpretentious. But maybe best of all, they took out about half the seats in every theater and replaced them with large, comfortable seats and "snack bar" seats with rolling chairs (also more comfortable than standard theater seats). Not a bad seat in the house. The kids love it, I love it, and my pocketbook is happy.
2	I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again.  The food was "eh" and I noticed almost everything was served in a bowl, so for example my burger was sitting on top of my already mushy fries.  My drink order was wrong and nobody came around again to find out if everything was ok with our food/drink, so that was that.  My sister went another time with her husband and she said they messed up her meal too.  The biggest thing I noticed was that there were literally only teenagers working there, so that probably plays a big role in the lackluster service.  My office chair was filthy when I went to sit down, so I tried to switch it with the one next to it, but it was dirty too.  If it wasn't for the great movie we saw (Lawless!) then I would have really been bummed about the whole experience.  Next time I'd rather just eat somewhere that I know the food/service is good, and go see a traditional movie.
4	First Timer here.I used the infamous Groupon to take my hubby to see Premium Rush.  We went early on a Sunday and had a great time.He ordered the ribs & I ordered the chicken nachos.  Food was kinda pricey but definitely delicious.  Seriously surprised!  This was a nice experience, friendly staff, cool concept.  Definitely won't make it a regular thing because we live in Tempe, but it'll be nice to come up & enjoy it every once in a while.Tip** If you get the chicken nachos, make sure to ask for extra chips.  It's loaded with toppings.
5	Best deal  got the group on deal for 5 bucks!
3	The food is really pricey but over all it was fun.
2	I like the concept, and I think it's done decently, but I can't give above two stars because the bathrooms here were probably some of the filthiest I've seen in a movie theater. I mean, seriously, send someone in to check it out every now and then throughout the day. There was toilet paper all over the floor, and someone had spilled an entire salad on the floor in the first stall. I'll give it another shot, but that was a real turn-off. I really wanted to like this place, but I just think it needs some work. Hard not to compare it to iPic, which, while it is much more pricey, knows how to pull off the same concept.
4	More food:  sliders = goodchicken nachos - kind of nasty.  Not a lot of chips, the chips turn all soggy and its a nachoey cheesey messpizza - edible, but not that great
5	Great place! I love their vegi plate and the popcorn is always yummy! Tuesdays are $2.00 off burgers and beers! Service is always good.
4	First of all, don't pay full ticket price here. Groupon ALWAYS has a great deal for this place ($5/per ticked plus a free drink, I think the usual price is $12.95). My boyfriend and I came here last night with our Groupon Tickets to see The Words and were quite impressed with our experience. The inside is like a lounge, with nice places to sit and a bar. You pick your seats on a screen, and being a couple, we picked the seats that sat close together. This was a very good idea. Firs of all, even if you're not a couple, pick the love seats. They are nice big plushy seats and are spaced far comfortably away from everyone else. If you pick the individual seats...they suck. The individual seats are rolly office chairs that sit in back of a long counter...that just can't be comfortable. We went to a late showing, so decided to get dessert, especially since the food is kind of pricey. I have a wheat allergy, so they brough me a kid's ice creme sundae since the only sundae they had on the adult menu had a brownie on it. I thought it would be small (since it was kids) but it was actually quite large and was probably around $3-4. My boyfriend got a peanut butter shake for I think about $5, plus we each got free drinks from the tickets. Both of us enjoyed our food very much. I did look at the prices for other food, sides are around $5-8, and entres range from around $10-15. I thought the servers flitting around the room would be really annoying...but it was only kind of. They whispered pretty quietly, but sometimes the people ordering weren't that quiet. It was pretty funny to see them run back out of the theater while attempting to duck down. All in all, I am satisfyed with our experience. As I said earlier, I wouldn't pay full price, but I'm definitely going back to Groupon to buy some coupons to take my little sister sometime!
4	Went here last night for the first time and I was impressed.  I have been to Ultrastar Cinema a few times but I thought this place is much better.  Like some other yelpers mentioned if you can snag the $5 Groupon which includes a drink this is a must do.  My suggestion would be to arrive early because the ticket line can get amusement park long closer to show time.  They do usually have 5-7 workers helping customers so no matter how long it is it will move quickly so be patient.  Another benefit of getting there early is you will have a better choice of where you would like to sit.  I get anxiety about not being early for movies so we got there an hour early which might be over the top but hey that's me.  Kill some time with a drink at the bar and the staff will announce when you theater is ready.  No rush though because it is all assigned seats.  I did not want to eat anything during the movie so we went in about 30 minutes before show time.  This was perfect.  We shared the Chicken Nachos which I think were under $10 and hit the spot.  I found the staff attentive and friendly.  I know there were a few reviews with complaints about only teens working here but what do you expect-Its a movie theater not Wall Street.  Yes, the staff is really young and you won't run into a lot of 42 year old executives here but they do there job with a smile so kudos to the "young" staff.  The sound in the theater was great and not something I usually notice.  The two person seats would be ideal for a date night and have plenty of room.  We will be back.
2	I got a little too excited when I found the Groupon and bought way too many. Anyways, the procedure is you pick you seats when you buy your tickets. There are leather recliners type chairs which are super comfy, then there are counters with rolly chairs. We ordered the appetizer sampler. It was around $15, but it SOUNDED like you got a lot of food with it so we got it. This is what we got 2 chicken tenders, 2 quesadillas, a small handful of parmesan fries, and 2 coconut chicken tenders. Umm... in my world that small amount of food should not cost that much. Also, call me crazy but shouldn't parmesan fries come with parmesan on them?Round 2 of Groupon-mania we ordered the quesadilla meal. Still a rip off :( I don't think those poor quesadillas had any flavor at all! The chips and salsa that came with it are good though. I would suggest just getting your free soda and not getting any overpriced, bland food.
4	I have been to Studio Movie Grill many times with family and friends and every time was an over all great experience. We always go at busy times (Fri. and Sat. 7-9pm)Yes, one or two annoying or minor things may happen but that can and does happen where ever you may go. We had a worse time at the Costco two miles down the road that we have ever had here.Food and booze are served to you while you watch a movie = AWESOMEGroupon deal for $5 a seat = AWESOMEUpdated online reservations using the Groupon deal are now available. Paying the $1.50 extra per ticket to purchase on-line is worth the price for busy nights. You avoid standing in line early to buy seats (they do sell out quickly on Fri. & Sat.) You can buy about a week in advance and reserve the best seats. You can print your tickets at a self serve ticket printer in the lobby and avoid lines again. You can roll up to the movie at the last minute and never worry about finding good seats since you already picked them out.The food is slightly overpriced*, but the portions are large and all the food we tried was good. Besides, they have to make $ somewhere when they keep putting up $5 movie deals on Groupon. I even drive from Warner/101 all the way to Scottsdale and it's cheaper than Harkins for 4 people. *You are not required to buy the food.For the ranch lovers out there, they have the good stuff like Red Robin. :)  The fries are yummy, thick and crispy. Most items served with fries are in a square bowl so  the bottom fries get soggy under your other food but I don't mind and they still taste good  The food servers in the theater are polite and very fast to respond to your call light when you need something.  The food comes out quickly and they don't dawdle with the check but are still polite and don't bring it while you are in the middle of eating.The front lobby area is clean, open and spacious with plenty of seating at and away from the bar.  The bathrooms were clean and well stocked except for once on a very busy Sat. night.The non counter seats are nice and have the little personal swivel tables. The seats rock a little and are the leather type material, cup holders in the arms.  The counter seats are just black leather office chairs, they are not the best, but still fine for watching a movie. If they upgraded those chairs then I'm sure they would get better reviews but they would still have to roll so you can get in and out from the counter easily.  I went once with a friend of mine whose son is in a wheel chair and those seats were great since we just moved the office chair and rolled the wheel chair right up to the counter. Just try it and don't go expecting it to be the Ritz and you will have a great time.
4	This place was fun, different and I thought the food was good.  It's a movie theater for starters so my expectations on the food weren't that high.  The burger sliders were amazing.  The parmesan french fries were also good.  Not a fan of their pizza.  Buffalo sliders were also good.  Free refills on beverages (obviously doesn't include alcoholic ones)   I loved the place and didn't mind the office chairs.  I thought they were quite comfy.  However there are two types or chairs ones that remind me of airplane chairs that have a little tray for you to eat on, and office ones that have a bench table for you to eat on.  I liked the bench better than the tray set up. I guess the point is take a look online at the chairs before picking yours, since it is assigned seating.  I will definitely be going back and will buy more groupons because going to a movie for $5 is a deal either way.  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because the food wasn't out of this world just standard bar food you will find at any restaurant, and they messed up our bill like 2-3 times, ha ha.  I didn't mind it all got worked out in the end, and who can blame them . . .its not like they can see in there!
1	1) The food is expensive and NOT good.2) The manager, Adam, is a complete jackass.  My wallet fall out of my purse while we were in the dark theater.  I had no idea. Less than 20 minutes after leaving the theater for the (FORTH NIGHT IN A ROW) as soon as I realized it, I went back to the theater and explained that my wallet was missing. Adam, the manager refused to check the theater or have a server check the theater. I'm leaving on a trip tomorrow. ALL of my ID (passport, license, etc.) are in my wallet because of my trip. (My dad is sick, which I explained to Adam).  HE REFUSED TO ASSIST ME AND TOLD ME I HAD TO COME BACK AFTER THE MOVIE ENDED. I quote, "It's a sold out show and I'm not going to interrupt the movie to assist you. You have to come back in two hours and we will check at that time."3) The servers interrupt your meal all night long for drink orders, checks, payment, etc. and yet, they couldn't interrupt ONE PERSON for one minute to check for my wallet.  4) I've taken my family to this theater for the last FOUR NIGHTS IN A ROW spending over +$50 a night.  I'm NOT a one time patron.  I WILL NOT GO BACK-EVER.I am of the mindset that you treat people like you treat your family.  If I were that manager's mom, he would have gone in and checked for my wallet but he would not do that for a stranger who explained the importance.  I will NEVER go back  again.  Go to Harkins, and save your money for better food and people that care about customers.
3	I read a lot of reviews of this place on Google last night and almost didn't go because the reviews were pretty bad. I'm glad I went though, because it turned out to be an enjoyable experience. Went there last night to see Sinister. Although the movie wasn't that good, the theatre was pretty nice. I've been to a few others of these kind of restaurant/theatre places in Alaska and Washington, and Studio Movie Grill is doing just fine with this concept. It doesn't have any character of its own, just kind of sterile and bland like everything else in the Phoenix area. Didn't really like the assigned seating, especially since there was someone sitting in my seat. It's kind of pointless unless there is someone there to enforce the assigned seating. It would be better if people could just sit according to first-come-first-serve like in any movie theatre. I read that there were single office chairs for the seating, and this is true for the center rows. Office chairs that swiveled and rolled. Different, but surprisingly comfortable. I liked that there was a light box at your seat you can push to get service. Makes it simple and obvious for the staff to find you. I also liked that there were lights underneath the counter face in front of you. It wasn't directly shining in your eyes, but still allowed you to read the menu. The menu prices were a little high, but it's Scottsdale. I also unknowingly showed up on all-you-can-eat pizza night, which was excellent, and much more valuable. They had screenings for a lot of the big movies that are out, but they also show one that is a little unique. Such as a documentary on Led Zeppelin, for example. Overall, I thought this place was pretty good. I'll probably go back.
2	Lobby bar has very slow service. We sat there for almost 20 minutes before being waited on. Many other customers were getting irritated as well for the same reason. I love the movie and dinner idea, but again drink service during the movie was very slow. You get immediate attention when pushing the service button, but we waited forever for the drinks to actually get to us. The food was pretty good, but prices a bit high. I have to mention that the employees that took the tickets at the entrance were rude and immature. They just grabbed the tickets and started talking to one another...no personal customer service at all. Summary: great business idea, but hire some mature workers and make sure you have enough employees on hand to take care of your customers.
1	Theater was very warm, service was slow and order was incorrect yet we were billed for things we sent back. Ice cream was warm by the time we got spoons. Went to see Batman and this was do bad I think I will go to Ipic and see it again. I wasn't really a fan of the office chairs and thought they could have done a better job with the layout. People were walking in front of us the whole time the movie was on. I didn't complain at the theater because we aren't coming back and free passes, etc... Would have been useless. I hate to see a place try so hard to change things up and yet get it so wrong.
1	Terrible customer service on manager's part. For the past month or two, we have had to wait in line to be let in to the movie theater, even if the showing starts in 10 minutes. The reason? Because they're still cleaning the theater. This wouldn't be the biggest deal except seating everyone so late means that people are ordering food through the previews and the beginning of the movie itself. When asking staff, we're told that it is because they're understaffed. Talked to a manager and was told that this was normal for movie theaters and that they were not understaffed and that he knew that all movie theaters only seat audiences within 10 minutes of the movie starting. Really? Most movie theaters seem to allow seating at least half an hour before the movie starts, and those places don't have to factor in people ordering food either. Also, the LED lights at the seats are located at eye level, meaning your peripheral vision always sees bright lights during the movie, which is pretty annoying. When asking about this, was told it wasn't a problem and was necessary. Really? iPic serves food during the movie just fine without annoying LED lights shining in customers' eyes. Bottom line? As long as you're prepared to have the first part of your movie being constantly interrupted by your neighbors ordering and receiving food because the theater wouldn't seat you until 10 minutes before the movie started and you're ok with the occasional bright LED in your eye, movie watching here is fine.
4	Great idea! Love the concept. The prices were reasonable in comparison to other theaters.  The service was prompt.  Would definitely recommend  and return
5	I'm not sure why the bad reviews. My friends and I love this place. We probably go at least a couple times a month and it's always been a fun experience. Groupon ALWAYS has deals ($5 for ticket and drink), so you're pretty much getting the movie for free... which makes the food prices very reasonable, considering what you'd pay to get dinner elsewhere and then go pay full price at another theater. The movies are always new releases with a good amount of showtimes. The food is good- I've never gone with anyone who has said anything otherwise. There's a huge selection, including healthier options (Black Bean Burger & BBQ Chicken Wrap are yummy!). Honestly, I prefer the food here to a lot of comparable chain restaurants.The service is great. They take your drink and food orders right away and don't come back until they bring the check at the end - unless you hit your little red button. Even then, they try very hard to be quick and quiet. Overall, a great place if you put your expectations into perspective.
5	OK, Where do I start?This place is AMAZING! I love the food here, especially the fact that you can eat and watch a movie at the same time! Forget about the movie theater popcorn, you can get a rack of ribs here while enjoying your movie!Before the movie starts, a waiter walks around with an iPod touch taking your order, usually during the previews. During the movie, you can press the Service Light to add more things to your order. About nearing the end of the movie, you will get your check, so make sure that if you want more food, get your orders in before the movie is over.Pricing is good, it costs about the same as  a dinner and a movie separately, why NOT kill two birds with one stone and get it all at once? The seats are REAL COMFORTABLE, as long as you get the love seat, or leather seats, just don't get the "office chair" seats, as those are like....sitting in an office chair for 3 hours watching a movie ;).
4	Forgot to review this place before. Been here multiple times (including just now to see Skyfall) with the never ending $5 Groupon. Basically you get a soda or iced tea + a ticket for $5. It's normally $7-$10 for a ticket and $3 for a soda so it's not a bad deal.You can't buy your ticket online w/the Groupon, but the theater has recently switched to 100% reserved seating. You can check if the theater is full or not before you leave home by selecting a movie time on their website then getting to the reserved seating page and it'll show you how many seats have been purchased.The food they serve is mostly stuff you can eat with your fingers. The prices seem high, but the portions are kinda big. Like none of it seems intended for one person to eat alone. The food itself is not really bad but not like mind numbingly good either. I've never had anything soggy or gross like some other reviewers had, and I've even been there for midnight showings.So, the negatives.With the new big releases, sometimes they take like a billion years to clean the theater out before the next showing. This is "normal" at other theaters, yes, but at other theaters you have your snacks before you walk in the door. Here, it means you can't sit down and order something before the lights go out, which is often inconvenient for the other patrons. The servers try to be quiet, but it doesn't always work out that way. Also, like other reviews have noted, the office chairs suck, and the LED service lights can be annoying.tl;dr = Buy a few Groupons, sit in the love seats.
4	Cool concept for a full-service bar and restaurant, while you relax in plush chairs and enjoy the show. The food price is comparable compared to, say, a Chili's. But then again, you are paying for the ambiance. Plush seating, wide aisles - makes me feel like I'm sitting in those automated chairs in Wall-E!
4	This place is great.Given the reviews, I was kind of leery; but a $5 ticket via Groupon to see a currently-out blockbuster (Skyfall, in this case) and I couldn't pass it up. Glad I didn't.First off, I didn't see any problem with "clearing time" or whatever as other reviewers pointed out. We got into our movie at the right time with no delays. Second, I loved the seating; I was in a swivel office chair with the bar-like thing in front of me to lean on for added comfort. Most movie theater seats have me fidgeting, and this set-up kept me in comfort the whole showing.Finally, with the Groupon $5 in non-stop swing, why *wouldn't* you go to this place? I get they're probably doing the Groupon thing perpetually to draw people in who want to buy the ridiculously-priced food and drinks ($12 for a crabcake appetizer), but if you're like me and just want to see a movie in a theater this is a no-brainer.
1	AWFUL! This place is packed! If you want to get into a movie you have to show up at least an hour and a half before. The seating is awful, bench table with office chairs. The food is EXPENSIVE and disgusting. If you want  a great movie dine in experience go to the AMC Esplanade.
4	I've been coming to this theater to watch the kid's movies.  It is so much easier to manage the twins and for that reason, I thank you SMG.  Having a table across them is like a psychological stop sign.  I don't have to worry that they will jump out of their seats and run up and down the steps (that happens at the end of the movie).  They like their pizza.  The grilled chicken strips didn't go so well, I didn't even like them, a little too slimy.  I had the Kale salad, my hubby had been raving about.  My only complaint is that they take forever to give you a refill.  I had three different people come by when I turned my light on, and it took more than 30 minutes to get a refill.  I forgive all that, because I can sit down and enjoy the movie for once.
3	I'd like to give them four stars but an extra glass of wine was added to my bill that I didn't notice.  Otherwise it's not as upscale as Ipic but a good option if you live in the neighborhood.
4	Super comfy place to watch a movie. We come here often because there are many opportunities to get cheap tickets. They often have Groupons for $5 ticket and soda. And any movie after 10pm is only $5.The food is good but pricey. I had the veggie quesadilla and it was very tasty. But $12. My husband had the burger and said it was good too. Drinks are also very expensive. I guess that's the trade off for being able to drink and eat in a theater. We usually eat beforehand and stick to popcorn and drinks but we are sure to tip our servers well since we aren't ordering a lot of food. The staff is nice, the seats are comfy and not sardine packed into the theater. If you go on an opening weekend, get your tickets about an hour early and hit a bar or restaurant nearby...
2	Not too impressed by this place. The seats were verrrrrry hard and did not recline and the service was sub par.
4	What a deal on Groupon ... $6 (used to be $5, but still) for a primetime movie ticket and a soda.  I plan on coming back here time and time again.  Great, comfortable seats, and good food, too.  What a cool luxury to be able to order food from your seat.  The only improvements they could make are to have the servers down lower when they come in the middle of the movie, and to make the lights a little less bright so they aren't distracting during the movie.
5	The concept of this movie theater is awesome. We wish that they had these back in Cali only because it's nice to know that we have reserved seating and not have to wait in line hours in advanced for a premiere showing. We can walk in to the theater literally seconds before the movie starts knowing our seats are still there.
5	At first I didn't like this theater because it wasn't as upscale as the iPic but this all changed after I brought my young son, who is 6, here because I has an awakening that this theater was the PERFECT setting for parents to bring their kids to enjoy movie and dinner at the same time and being able to relax!!!!  The ticket pricing is extremely reasonable, the menu has a great selection of food prepared fresh. I love their kale salad and before I committed myself to working out, I loved their buffalo chicken wings as well. The grilled chicken tender with fresh vegetables is less that 300 calories for the entire order. That's what I'm ordering the next time I come here. I LOVE, LOVE watching movies- it's also the perfect place to come have lunch and catch a movie whether you're with other girlfriends, significant other or alone. The atmosphere is receptive to all. The seats are also very comfortable. Yes, I've changed my mind. Now I LOVE this place!!!!
4	We really enjoyed this venue. What a fun concept to make a regular movie more like a night out or date.  We bought our tickets online and then went late Sunday afternoon. It was a manageable crowd and a pleasant movie going experience. We also happened to pick a winner movie which made it so much fun.The chips for the nachos were paper thin so although tasty, they didn't hold up to the delicious ingredients on them.  Nice wine selection and the popcorn was good. We sat in desk like chairs at a counter and had lots of space and comfort.I think the management must  improve on the cleanliness of the venue. The women's room needs an attendant because it was a mess. The bar in the lobby was sticky and to behind the bar had a number of dirty areas.This place is 25 miles away from us. We will definitely return but not for a quick flick.
3	3.5 stars.Swanky place and I've always liked the idea of the movie-grill. Shame is that it usually doesn't execute how you want it to, in one way or another.The food is, expectedly, a little overpriced for what you get. It's pretty good, but not $12 for a burger and fries kind of good. The theater itself is nice and there's plenty of space and counters and swiveling chair-tables that makes the experience easy.The caveat currently is that the service is far from smooth. If you order a burger or something of the like that doesn't require a fork and knife, you won't get a roll. Meaning, you won't get a napkin. Meaning, you either ask for one or get up to wash your hands at the bathroom, because getting a napkin here can be pulling teeth! They also didn't know who ordered what (somehow) and had a disorganized array of employees waltzing around trying to deliver the right plate to the right person smack dab in the opening scenes of the film. Sort of distracting.Overall a fun spot but they need to streamline their system if this experience is going to be 100% pleasant.
4	Studio Movie Grill took the last standard slope cinema complex built in America (when the AMC Grand had introduced stadium seating) and turned it into a true winner. The staff is always buzzing around and the food is actually decent for a cinema! Get the seats with swing arm trays.
5	beginning to be a favorite, reasonable price food. get the reclining seats not the office chairs
4	Love this place! Get row F if you can!Okay, so you can get groupons all the time for like $6 which includes a non alcoholic beverage!  That's a deal!  Even if not, go on Ladies night or late at night and it's still a deal!  The cool thing is that they have these little "love nest" type chairs where if you go you can cuddle.  Downside is if you're alone and sit there you might be closer to a stranger than you wanna be!  You get a little slide table in front of you if you're in certain rows.  Then other rows are made up of a counter with office chairs.  You decide where you want to sit (assigned) so that it's kinda nice and forces me to go ahead of time to get row F in the middle!Once seated you can look at your menu (Oh, yes, they have a full menu!) and then when ready you press your little button and BAM!  Waiter comes to you.  Their Iced Tea is very good and I can even get a gluten Free pizza for just a bit more than a normal restaurant would charge.  NOTE:  If you're in a packed movie, I'd forgo food.  Takes forever to get your food and LONGER for the drink.  Don't know why but you were warned!I usually go after a movie's been out a while and during the week to avoid the crowds.  Did I mention there's a full bar in the lobby?  YUP.  Really, why would you go anywhere else?
4	This our family's go-to movie place.  We get the Groupons which is a great deal.   The service is good.  It's not the best because sometimes they forget little things like an extra side dip or water, but whatever.  The main meals are better than traditional movie theater fare, but nothing spectacular.  I just love the idea of eating a meal or having a drink or dessert while watching a movie in a decent comfortable chair. The seats of both types are comfortable.   It's always busy when we go at night.
4	The husband and try to snag Groupons to come here whenever we can. My first experience here was actually at a Yelp event (yay Magic Mike!) and I was so impressed I said we'd have to make it a point to come back on a regular basis.The concept is a fairly new one that's been gaining popularity. It's a movie theater/restaurant. You get into your movie and you can order food from a pretty decent menu. There's a good list of drinks as well. It's not going to beat many of the great restaurants around, but it's better than say... Applebee's. You can get pizza, burgers, salads. There's a kids menu too. It's decent food. Better than Applebee's, not quite a Yard House, if you want comparisons. I've had the thin crust pizzas and burgers and both were solid, good eating. I've had their drinks too- the Skinny Tea deserves a mention, it's quite delicious.The movie theaters are clean, and the screen and sound systems are competitive. The service is very prompt. The seating arrangement does take some getting used to- sometimes you have to sit at these odd library cubby style things, but it really doesn't' take too much getting used to. The waiters ducking in and out with the food isn't as intrusive as you think either. Summoning them is done airplane style- press a button and somebody is there pretty quickly. And if you arrive way too early for your show (like we did once) hanging out at the bar makes it as pleasant as something like that can be. It can get packed, but then everybody floods into the theaters and then the lobby gets empty again. They will not, btw, let you into the theater in advance of half an hour before the show. I think they cycle their theaters through pretty extensively, and that time is to make sure the staff can get in and clean everything out. If you snag a groupon a ticket and a soda is only $6. Steal! Otherwise I believe it's $10 a ticket. Still also very reasonable. Definitely worth popping by for date night.
4	Great place to go for a movie!! Food was good and pricing was fair and can't go wrong with the service. First time there and will go back again and again and again.
2	I loved this place, we get groupons and go.  The last time we went they changed the menu , downsized the portions.  Not worth the drive from Gilbert.
4	What is there not to like about Studio Movie Grill? You know you are in for a treat right when you walk in and see the bar in the center of lobby,, yes I said bar, I don't see no concession stands here. You walk into theater and you see right away there are chairs that have side tables, long table with seats and some "love seats" for couples to cuddle up on while watching a movie.I picked the long table with chairs because I like to have room when eating, there was a little red button you push when you are ready to order and within in minutes a nice friendly server shows up and takes care of your order.I wound up ordered a raspberry mojito, it was the perfect blend of mint & raspberry, tasty lil drink! For weeks now I have been craving a bbq pizza, one with bbq sauce, chicken, cilantro and red onions, that's it and do you know how many places I have been that said they had bbq chicken pizza that wasn't what I wanted, well I saw on the menu Studio Movie Grill had exactly what I wanted so you best believe I ordered it, and let me tell you, it was delish and satisfied my craving! I have to say I enjoyed my movie & dinning experience at Studio Movie Grill and look forward to coming back!
4	Experienced this place for the first time last night and had a great time. They had a nice Valentine's Day dinner special but we opted for the all you can eat pizza since they offer that on Wednesdays and my husband and I are pizza junkies. Plenty of parking available here, a bar in the lobby area to grab a drink before your movie and the theaters are clean and have a nice setup. I saw a sign about restricting the movie theater attendees by age so don't try to bring your child to a PG-13 or R rated movie... nice touch as far as I'm concerned because an un-entertained kid in a movie takes the enjoyment totally out of it for me. Like other places similar to this offering food and drink service in the theater; everyone has a button to press for service. Service is quick and staff is friendly. We'll definitely go again.
5	Studio Movie Grill is the perfect place to kill two (or possibly three) birds with one stone. Dinner, a movie, and even drinks!My wife and I miraculously had an entire day to ourselves, and we decided to go to the movies. We ended up catching a matinee, which ran us $7.00 per ticket. I had been here before, but my wife had not. She was impressed to find out that you actually have to select your seats (much like buying a plane ticket) before you pay for your tickets. The theater has two seating options: you can sit at a bar area (one long bar traversing the theater), or you can sit in a big comfy chair with a rotating tray attached to the armrest. The theater alternates these seating options every other row. We opted for the super comfy lounge chairs. They were spacious, soft, and offered plenty of room to spread out and get comfortable...which is a huge plus when you're over six feet tall, and your wife is just shy of it. Suffice it to say, this was the first time I think both of us were genuinely comfortable in movie theater seat.At each seat, there's a red button you can press to let your waiter know you're ready to place your order, be it food or drinks. They have a full menu for both, it appears. We still had things to do that day, so we opted for sodas (free refills) and a barbecue chicken pizza. The pizza was REALLY good. It came cut into six relatively small slices, which ended up dividing perfectly between the two of us. Not only that, but it came out quite quickly.As for the theater, we couldn't have been more pleased. The seats are all big enough and spaced far enough apart, you're pretty much in your own little world. The screen is large, and equally visible from every seat in the house. Couple that with an awesome sound system and you're ready to be whisked away into a magical world of make-believe (depending on your taste and choice in movies, of course).If you or anyone you know is anything like us, picking places for dinner or a movie can be an absolute battle of attrition...let alone picking BOTH. Thanks to Studio Movie Grill, at least the location is something upon which everyone can agree. After that, the choices are up to you!
2	The waiters here are terribly slow. You get free soda refills but even sitting through a 3 hour movie the most refills you'll get will be two. Last Friday night they didn't even bother to bring a last refill for my wife and she ordered it with 50 minutes left to go in the movie. The groupon deal is hard to beat though and the food is good. If you need more than one soda you better order the refill early. They're also very stingy with sides of ketchup and ranch. Only once of the 10 times I've been have they actually given me an extra cup of either and I've asked for it each time. I'll continue to go if I have a groupon. Otherwise, the terrible waiters wouldn't be worth full price. I'd just go to any bar for similar food before hitting up another theatre. The one major plus is they serve Pepsi products so I can get Mt Dew. The bad thing is it takes at least 45 minutes to get a refill. As I said, I've been here a lot as the groupon comes out all the time. Not once have I ever gotten a refill within 30 minutes of asking for it.  That's a long time to go thirsty.
3	Studio Movie Grill is the poor man's iPic, but at a similar price, it is a better option than a Harkins just because of the nicer, reserved seating (recliners, but not super cozy) and the option to drink booze and order food from a server from your seat. That being said, don't eat the food. The menu is very basic as is the actual food. I've had a turkey burger and a quesadilla and was quite unimpressed. They seem to always have a Groupon or Living Social deal going, but even without, it is a good value.
2	If you're going to use your Groupon for a movie and a soda for $6 it's a great deal. If you don't make it in and the Groupon expires...you're screwed because SMG violates Groupon's policy. It clearly states it can be used towards any goods or services after the promotional value has expired, if you contact Groupon they will tell you the exact same thing. If SMG refuses to accept your expired voucher for ANY GOODS OR SERVICES, contact Groupon and they will refund your money.
3	I'd suggest to come here if and only if you have a Groupon. They have groupons running constantly. Right now there is a $5 deal for a movie ticket and drink, which is really hard to beat in terms of movie going. However, SMG does not make its money with these Groupons. They are simply a ruse to get you in the door. The fact that they have a bar, serve alcoholic drinks and serve meals throughout the movie is what brings in the big bucks. I have been here several times, and most recently with my husband. We came in with Groupons, which gave us no trouble, hoping to save some money. We ended up walking out spending upwards of 40 dollars on one appetizer and two alcoholic beverages, plus tip, and the food was mediocre at best. Do not kid yourself. It is not cheap and if you are planning to eat or drink anything besides the soda included with the deal, you will likely not be saving any money at all in the long run. You'll actually probably spend more.The seats are fine. I think their website overhypes them and makes it look like you're going to be reclining on those bad boys like a king, but the reality is is that half of them are simply rolling office chairs, and the other half are fairly comfortable, but might be awkward if you're sitting next to somebody you don't know. If you're short or have children with you, sit in the office seats. This will assure you that you will be able to see the film without anybody in your way. If you're in one of the big seats, you will likely have somebody sitting in an office seat in front of you, blocking your view.Sneaking food is a little more awkward here than most theaters, as employees are constantly passing by you. Not sure if they'd say anything to you - probably not. But it still makes me self conscious. But all in all, I'd come back as long as I had a Groupon and a plan.
4	We really like SMG.  We initially went with a Groupon, but have been back without one as well.  The service is great, the food is good (not great) and the seats are comfy.  They have fun events like Classic Movie Night on Thursdays for only $1 and half-priced draft beer.  Plus if you sign up for their newsletter they have deals like 2 new release movies (specific ones) for $10.  The one drawback is the overpriced drinks.  $9 for a shot of Jack Daniels is crazy, so I suggest going on deal nights and/or not consuming alcoholic drinks unless you have the money to burn.  Even a soda is $3.75 which is quite spendy for soda!
3	The menu is limited, the service has improved in the last few months. I like that I can now pick my seats. The menu is okay, but, it is difficult to ask for a variation to a menu item.  When you ask for the sides that you want with an item, they are not included, and you have to push your button and get it ordered. This can be distracting when you are watching a movie. Most of the staff try very hard, and are attentive, but that is inconsistent. We had one waitress 'instruct' us  that the french fries could not be made to be 'crispy'.
2	Even the non-office "nice" chairs left us with partial paralysis.  Very hard and uncomfortable.  Also, the high school kids working there could use some customer service training.
4	Been there several times. Comfortable way to watch a movie. Small theaters. Table service and despite what some other reviewers have said I found the seats comfortable enough. Appetizers are subpar but if you want a beer or other beverage and a sandwich while you're there it's fine. It's funny to read that people think that it's expensive. I guess they forgot what a large popcorn and a couple of large diet cokes cost at the competitors.
2	We've been to this location several times in the past year, always using our Groupon vouchers. The idea is a great one. Along the lines of iPic or Ultra Star, it's a great concept! Everytime we've gone (except last night) the theater has been relatively empty. This spoiled us. I don't know WHY it was so busy on a Monday night in a Disney movie but it was beyond packed.  When the theater is packed, your experience will lack.  Ha...kind of rhymed there! Okay, so I'm THAT mom who didn't take her kids to movies until they were 3, the reason being I didn't want to miss parts for potty breaks, or disrupt the other patrons. Turns out, I may be the only one that thinks this way! We sat behind a row of people with FOUR babies. All under 12 months of age.It was late, they were tired. It was loud, they were scared. They were simply too young to be there & cried or jabbered loudly through the entire flick. Not one parent took their child out of the theater. The parents were also talking loudly, as if they were in their own living room. No peeps, you're sharing it was a bunch of other people & we don't appreciate it. I understand this can happen in any movie theater, but it was amplified with the waiters coming in & out constantly (stooping to be polite but you still can't see the screen so stand up straight to get out of the way faster!).  On to the food.CRAP. Everything is made before hand or shipped, I'm sure of it.  It's just gross.  Here's the thing, if you go when you're hungry, you won't notice! But last night we had dinner at home & dessert at the movie....suddenly even though it was dark as I fished for my brownie, i realized - this is really gross!! Burgers - eh. Mushroom burger - GROSS. Icecream - yum (but hard to see). Bownies - GROSS. Quesadilla - eh. Cookies - GROSS.Yes, I AM a food snob. But I can go to In-N-Out & get a burger & know what I'm in for. For under $5. Here, you spend $9-$12 on a meal & it is like a Denny's reject. We go here because we get vouchers for $5 per person......you get what you pay for I suppose.
3	Overall a good experience especially when you don't want to pay the price for a ticket for the IPIC theater. The only thing that needs fixing is the chairs. they are just ok. not the most comfortable. Drinks are a little pricey as well.
3	One of the three dine in theater experiences in the valley. This is much more casual than I-Pic or AMC Dine In at Esplanade. Sleek looking theater. I liked the cool upcoming movie advertisement display. The bathroom decor is cool. The wall paper is kind of made to look like an old studio set dressing room. The movie seating is somewhat different. I felt like I was at a school board meeting or Professional Development conference. You sit in chairs with a long counter in front of you for a table. Not the same as the AMC recliner chairs at all. It was comfortable though.    I like the dine in theater concept but they are just way too expensive and overpriced for just okay/bar food. I had a Portobello Sandwich, fries, and a side salad. The fries were cold and the portions were pretty small for the 20 dollar price. The salad had nothing in it really. Thank God the movie was free for an educator preview showing of the, "Bully." It would be an expensive night out for a movie ticket and a meal, which did not even fill me up.    I do like the dine in theater concept. It is a lot of fun. If you like to drink even better since they have a bar in the lobby. I just think these theaters out price most folks. It is an only," every now and again" treat. For that though you should be able to enjoy the nice atmosphere and staff here!
4	We came here for a birthday party!  It was so much FUN!  The waiting area is open and clean.  There is a bar to get some happy on before the movie.In the movie theater itself, they have three (maybe four) rows or tables counters with office chairs or the individual seats with sliding tables.  The birthday girl and her friends out the comfy individual seats, so us folks got the table counters with office chairs.  The office chairs were not that comfortable (and reminds me of work).  The movie and sound quality was the same as any other movie place.  The food was yummy!  I got the coconut panko chicken tenders with fries.  You get 6 pieces of chicken not 3 or 4 and plenty of fries.  Service was great.Those office chair comfort - minor 1 star.
2	I could hear the adjacent movie running at the same time.  The cheap college auditorium desk did not help and the desk lamps that glared in your face as you tried to watch a movie was a little annoying.  I might go back if I get another $6 groupon, but never full price.
4	I had a groupon for a $6 movie plus a free drink. We split the sausage and mushroom pizza as well as the coconut chicken strips. Both were good! I would definitely go back to see a movie and have dinner. I didn't think it was that expensive. Not any more than you would spend elsewhere beforehand. Our food came out quickly. The only thing I wasn't sure about were the drink refills. I didn't want to buzz the waiter just for that but they don't refill your drink automatically so you have to buzz them for refills. There is a fee to reserve your seats online (only a dollar or so) and I think it would be worth it. We waited to pick our seats until we got there and there were only bar tables (office chairs at one long bar across an aisle) and the nicer options only had weird seating locations left. We opted for the nicer seat option and glad we did. I wouldn't ever want to sit along the bar aisle just because i can totally picture myself leaning forward and resting on the bar top. Plus office chairs aren't all that great. The large leather seats are definitely the way to go.
4	We were in town and needed to kill some time so thought we'd catch a movie.  I didn't know it was a grill/bar as well, it was just the closest theater according to Fandango.We had a great time, the food was excellent and well-priced (for a theater), and the seats and service were great!  Glad we found that place, hopefully we can catch it again the next time we're in town.Only downside was I thought the popcorn was actually a WORSE value than the normal theater. (If you can believe that)
3	This seems like it would be a cool experience, and I can see why people would be stoked on it, but it's just not for me.When I hear "leather recliners" I'm thinking plush lazy boy chairs and that is NOT what I got-- they have reclining and office chairs, both were uncomfortable for two hours.But it is fun to go and check out, especially if you have never been to a place like this before, but if you've been to any of the other 21+ movie theatres, like the Lux theatres in Californis, this will be a total disappointment.I'm not saying don't go, I'm just saying it wasn't what I expected and I probably won't be going back.Also, I got the groupon for a movie and free soda and they tried to charge me for the sodas, but I only had to remind them once and the charges came right off.
4	This place is great.  They always have a deal on Groupon.It is really fun to watch a movie and eat - and the food (especially the fries) are great.Make sure to get the "love seat" seats - they are much better than the rows with office chairs.They always say to sit in the back, but we think the 2nd or third row of love seats is best.
4	I like this place.  It is different than large scale theaters.  Due to them serving food, there aren't as many seats in the place.  It can get annoying having servers coming around while the movie is going and they need to figure out something with lighting.  You cannot see what you are eating in the dark!!!  I like that they will do soda refills.  Try it out!!
5	Absolutely love this place. We get groupons and go ALL the time. The food is great and the prices are not bad at all. And with the groupon purchase you get a free drink! I am extremely impressed every single time I come here (which is a lot). We only use studio movie grill when we go out to the movies now. We went to the Tempe Marketplace movie theater last week with one of my husbands friends because he is closer to Tempe and it felt so weird because I hadn't been to a "regular" movie theater in forever!I absolutely love the fact that they have special needs screenings and whatnot too. My little brother is autistic and he thought it was really cool when I told him about that. It made him feel really important. And its free for him and me because I'm his sister! I cannot tell you how awesome it is that they have this available. AND they turn the movie down a bit and have some of the lights left on so that its not too ridiculously loud or dark in there!Thank you Studio Movie Grill for all the cool things you offer and especially all you do for kids with special needs! This place is AWESOME.
2	Disappointed. Tonight was my 8th, and final visit. I loved the idea, concept and of course the groupon deal is great.  My issue, is the box office staff are the only employees with any sort of hint they care about being there. The servers, even manager, all act like they would rather be doing anything but assisting you. The lack of customer service is eye-opening. Especially in Scottsdale. This was my "third and final" attempt. My last 2 visits were equally as bad just in different ways. All three, food was cold, or undercooked, servers short and rude with you and rarely listen to requests. As for the desert? "We have a contract and can't alter or change anything" really guys? C'mon. Half the seats in the theaters, broken. Touch screens at entrance, broken, bathrooms, dirty. My first few visits to this place were amazing. I found an awesome budget alternative to they VERY good iPic. I fear no longer is this a place I will recommend or visit again. Management might be the key here, and honestly with how slow they are getting I'm not surprised if they shut their doors soon. I wanted this place to be awesome and hopefully someone does something to change it soon because tonight was horrible.
5	This place is always amazing!  I absolutely love the food and atmosphere.  I was sold on this place a long time ago, but today I was astonished by the customer service.  I had an issue yesterday and today it was taken care of by Adam, the manager, and the outcome far exceeded my expectations.  They went above and beyond.  I will always be a loyal customer!
5	Really enjoy going to this place.  Ability to reserve seats takes the stress out of knowing where you are going to sit.  Don't have to worry about getting stuck with the first row!  Food and beverage is good.  Sometimes the poeple next to you may be noisy as they eat, but overall this is a very comfortable experience.
3	First visit here.  Seems like a nice theater.  Decent sound, reasonably large screen.  The layout is very spacious in terms of leg-room, though the chairs were armrest to armrest.  Still, it was pretty good.  The one thing I noticed was that my butt got sore after a while.  At first the seat seemed very nice, but I was having to shift position frequently after the first hour or so.I did not have any food, but one in my party did.  It was nothing fancy, but I'm told it was good.  As one would expect, it was over-priced.  But if you can handle $6 for popcorn in most theaters then you probably wouldn't blink at $9 for "chicken tenders" and fries.Staff seemed friendly and courteous.  They also were not obtrusive.  I hardly noticed them at all during the movie even though that's when they deliver any bills for food.  That's good!
1	Terrible!!  The food was awful- husband had chicken nachos which tasted like canned chicken, I had an almost burnt to a crisp burger, fries were cold and soggy. Waitresses hit me on the head several times walking by with trays. Stay away!!  There's a reason they have discount tickets available all the time!!  If you're looking for a dine in theater, go to iPic or AMC Esplanade!
5	Out of all the theaters in Arizona, this takes the cake!-Nice lobby with a bar-Movie posters that play trailers-Groupon deals: $6 for a movie and a free soda-Big leather seats-Food & drinks through out the movie-Good service-Good food: my favorite is the coconut chicken tenders-No cellphone use rules are enforced (love that)If I lived in Scottsdale I would always come here. Maybe they will expand around the valley someday.
5	The best part about this theater is that you can purchase and reserve your seats online in advance and there's no reason to show up an hour early to get a good seat. Also, if you buy your tickets online, there's a kiosk inside the door where you can swipe the credit card used to buy the tickets or enter your confirmation code and bypass waiting in line to pick up your tickets. The printer prints your tickets and you can go right in to get seated. Some of the seats are counter seats with office chairs. I don't usually reserve those because I prefer the booth type seats with tables. They are really comfortable. The food is pretty good and is getting better. The coconut tenders and street tacos are favorites in my family. I really like that I can eat and watch a movie at the same time. I don't think SMG is that expensive given the convenience. Also, they offer Groupons all the time, and there are specials in their e-mails. The whole outing can be expensive, but if you were going out to eat anyway, it probably works out to be about the same cost. This is my favorite place to see a movie in the Phoenix area!
4	movie + food + drinks -- I'm a fan! My only problem with this theatre is that half the rows consist of office chairs. After awhile, these chairs become some of the most uncomfortable seats. If you are smart enough to reserve some of the big leather seats beforehand, you are set! I wish this theatre was closer to home!
4	Studio Movie Grill is one of those places that is reliable, but not extraordinary. The food is okay. The seats are office chairs, which is a little weird, but comfortable enough. What's great about this theater is the ability to reserve tickets online and choosing your own seats, no wait time, and a small fee. The servers are never obstructive, and are quick with orders and usually polite.(If you get a Groupon for this place, snatch it. Best deals for a movie.)
1	I recently attended Studio Movie Grill for the first time... I will not be returning to this theater again and I am surprised they are still in business. I bought a groupon over a year ago and forgot that I had purchased them. I read on the groupon that the amount I spent on the tickets would still be validated through Studio Movie Grill, however, the actual groupon purchased for 2 tickets and 2 drinks for 10.00 would not be validated. My understanding was that I would have 10.00 to spend at the theater. When I logged onto my groupon for the day to print the tickets I noticed they had the same promotion going on for the 2 tickets and 2 small drinks. I figured I would call the theater to see if they may honor what I purchased through groupon since they were currently offering the same "newer" promotion. I called the theater several times and they do NOT have anyone answering phones. I tried all of the automated numbers and not a single human answered the phone. They offer to call you back but I took my break at work to call and cannot receive calls at work seeing as I work in a hospital with patients and I am constantly on my feet. So my coworker and I decided to see the Purge on Tuesday night at 520pm. We grabbed a nice happy hour at the Four Peaks nearby and went over to the theater at 5:10pm. Upon arrival to the front "purchase" desk, I asked the girl if they would consider honoring my expired groupon since they were doing the same promotion presently. She looked confused mummbled something, said I dont know and than began to charge us the full price for the movies. I decided that 4.00 was not a huge issue and she clearly did not know how to ask someone for the answer considering she had no anwer herself. As my friend and I went to find the theater for our movie we noticed that she charged us for Iron man 3 which had started 15 minutes prior to our purchase, and it was the wrong movie. So not only was she incompetent in finding out an answer, she was not competent in our purhcase of the correct movie. We returned to the front desk with the manager seeking the correct movie. I noticed there were two young blonde employees at this point. The newest employee was being asked the question of what are matinee times by a young couple arriving to the movie theater. Her response consisted of looking at the manager several times... the manager helping my friend and I, and then stating..."they are in the afternoon." I could not believe that an employee was not knowledgeable on what times a mantinee consisted of. So my friend and I went to sit down in the theater now having the purchase of the correct movie. The seats were moderately comfortable and I felt as though I was in a conference center preparing for a powerpoint presentation. The staff was loud during the entire movie taking orders from the other patrons which was distracting. The menu we received to order from stated that Tuesdays were ladies nights and ladies could receive 5.00 movies all day and night long. We had paid 7.00 per ticket and not offered the ladies night price. At the end of the movie my friend and I exited the theater at which point I noticed a different manager from who had helped us previously. I went up to him and asked him why we were not honored the ladies night price and he said that we could not be honored that with a groupon. I said that my groupon had expired and it stated that it was a 10.00 gift certificate to the theater...so why not just offer the guests the 5.00 price? He said no and I said well thank you, over four dollars I will not be returning to your theater and I plan on writing a review. His response consisted of an "ok." As many times as I've seen groupon offering deals to this theater it is CLEAR they need more patrons and are not making enough money. Maybe they need to consider a change in employees, consider training employees on competencies and managers on satisfying patrons over FOUR DOLLARS. Had my friend and I received the slightest amount of good customer service and compassion we would probably return to the theater but due to the lack of customer service and employee knowledge you couldn't pay me to return to this theater. I would highly recomment amc cinema suites for they have a more knowledgeable and helpful staff and way more comfortable seating. I do not see Studio Movie Grill maintaining their business much longer and that projection is also based on how often they have to offer groupon prices to just get patrons to come see a movie.
5	I love how you're able to order drinks, get cheap tickets on groupon, and eat food while watching your movie! The seats are super comfortable and they can turn into love seats if you're there with your significant other. Love this theater and try to go see as much movies as possible there!
5	I honestly really like this place!! I get it!! It's mostly because I get this sweet Groupon deal, movie and drink for just $6, GET OUT OF HERE!! No, but seriously, this place is small and quaint, but very accommodating with comfy recyclable chairs and a bar for those who like a little drink with entertainment. They also offer other meal options, like burgers and stuff.I also noticed that Groupon has it for $5, for the solo movie pass, but that is still a pretty good deal that is worth the visit!! So instead of complaining about this hot Summer weather, go enjoy a good movie, in this air conditioned and food accommodating theater, that is if you haven't already! :) Enjoy!!
2	Seats aren't comfortable, food is decent. Try to be a luxury movie theater, but clearly not the case.
4	Its great to go here with my daughter...  i love the dine in experience and having a glass of wine while i endure hours of disney movies..... i dont understand the office chairs... i often feel like I am at a corporate conference and not a luxury theater
4	I've been here a few times and I can honestly say I'd rather see a movie here than any regular theater.  I like the big puffy seats with the table that folds down in front of you though the other office style chairs they have aren't bad either.   The servers are barely a distraction which is great because that was my biggest concern.  It's nice that you can get a variety of food, the salads are pretty good, chips and salsa, hummus, quesadilla - good stuff to pick on.  Reserving seats and being able to get your tickets without having to deal with anyone is the best.  Being served a cold beer while you watch a movie is also pretty nice.  They keep it clean too, I've had to wait while they clean the theater out between shows but the waiting area is comfortable and they have a bar in the lobby.  I took my iced tea glass from the bar into the theater and continued with my refills.The parking lot isn't the greatest, it's long and narrow so getting an end spot or spot where no one will park next to you is tough.  Eating in the dark is weird.
5	Wow this theatre is awesome! Right when you walk into the room you can tell the seats are gonna be amazingly comfortable. The room was very quaint so there werent too many people. I ordered a spicy black bean burger that was soooo good! You have to see a movie here you wont regret it. Also i used a Groupon and i heard they have alot so stay on the lookout for that.
5	I love Studio Movie Grill. What can be better than watching a movie and eating and boozing!? Awesome. Look on Groupon to see if there are any coupons for this place - they many times hae nice little deals for this place!
5	Great movie experience for the family. Love the idea of having a glass of wine served during the movie and being able to order a popcorn refill for the kids instead of having to leave the theater and miss part of the movie.
5	I've stopped seeing movies anywhere else. Great seating, great screens, great sound, great food and drinks and the cutest male wait staff I've ever seen!
5	Came here a couple times after my last review and the experiences were great! I finally got a chance to try the food and the burger was amazing! I also tried my friends pizza and it was also very good. The service was fast and the staff was very kind and helpful. We just had to push the red button and someone came right away. I love it! Definitely recommend a try! Just don't drink too much lol!
3	All I can do is echo all of the other reviewers. This is a great concept and I hope it expands to the east coast. It was a real pleasure to watch a movie here. The food was good, pub quality eats.  It's tougher to eat in the dark than I expected but I managed to keep my Chicken Sandwich off my shirt. Nice selection of beers, although it was a mistake to order a pitcher instead of just individual pints (Honey Bunny and I don't knock 'em back like we used to). Fed a party of 3 for $40 including tip. Not too bad.We sat at the counter on comfortable office type chairs. Their footprint was a little large so we locked wheels a couple of times but otherwise it was a much better experience than sitting in traditional theater style chairs. So nice not to have to share an armrest. There are chairs with their own built in tables and big ol' LazyBoy style recliners that I'd be afraid of falling asleep in.This is an amazingly civilized way to watch a movie ("This is the End" - very, very funny). Will come back the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
2	Ok - so I had high hopes for this place. Sounded cool and looked good online. I've become a fan of the higher end theaters so thought this would be similar - WRONG!I like the idea of reserved seating - no need to rush to get your seats - that's a plus and they offer that. They also offer food service while in the theater, I'll get to that in a bit. Seating - the theater was basically like a lecture hall when i was in college. Every other row had a table that stretched the full length of the isle and rather than comfy movie seats or standard movie seats - office chairs (and showing wear and tear on the arms). They do rock (not the same as recline mind you) but was not a comfortable movie going experience. I did not like that at all. Food Service - it was ok. Service seemed to be decent by not exceptional by any stretch. Again, was expecting a bit of a higher experience based on other high end theaters, but the food was served on some kind of plastic chinette stuff - again, just off putting. My friend had the chocolate sundae and thought it was just ok. The menu did have some interesting items, including apple & peanut butter - love it! Simple food is appreciated at times. Booking - I booked my tickets via Fandango iphone App - my preference. The theater layout when picking seats did not at all reflect the auditorium / table placement issues I described. I spoke with the manager who advised they just started working with Fandango a few days ago and I should have booked on their website, they do a better job of describing the seats so you know you are sitting in a classroom to watch your movies. I really wasn't expecting much, but the answer of book it a different way / not our fault (my words but how I felt after our discussion) left a sour taste in my mouth. Conclusion - the seating alone will prevent me from returning and didn't really appreciate the interaction / outcome of speaking with the manager. I will continue to go to iPic, pay over double the price for the experience I appreciate - happy movie going all!
5	What a great deal!!This place is comfortable, great price, good food, clean and has awesome audio-video.I love the healthy food being available--but ordered the korean tacos and their pizzas are worth trying. The drinks are good- cocktails are just the right amount of strong and their beer has never been stale.I wish they had one in Gilbert/Chandler area, so I could go all the time.
4	I love this movie theater because they run offers on Groupon.com all the time. Who can beat a $5.00 ticket?!Granted you spend money on food/drinks but people would spend money on dinner anyways so why not just kill two birds with one stone?! All of the servers and workers there are very nice. My only concern is there is not a good number to contact directly to SMG. You get automated robots and answering machines each time. It would be nice to talk to a person to find out if movies are sold out or a question about groupons. The Groupon used to include a soda too- would be nice if that could still be offered. Regardless, I plan on going back to SMG soon!
4	I grew up with a similar-concept theater, Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club, so I was excited when this place came about. Another Farrelli's!The seating is comfortable, it looks classy and nice. I will say that the menu doesn't give you TOO many options, but what's there is pretty good - definitely leagues better than what you'd get at a regular movie theater, let me tell you that much!It may not be as upscale or lavish as iPic, but it's still nice - and more cost-effective, which is why my family and I tend to go here more than the expensive yet luxurious iPic. It's a good option if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg, but still want to enjoy a good dinner while watching a movie in a theater.
5	Studio Movie Grill is becoming a regular spot for us on a Friday and/or Saturday night. I would hardly consider going to a "regular" movie theater again. Even if you don't plan on eating a meal, the appetizers are pretty good and the service is great. The seats are so much more comfortable than typical theaters and the cost is about the same. Why not when you can reserve your seat in advance?!
4	That's better. We used our free comp ticket from the disaster evening and saw another movie. Fast service, good food, no problems. So, hopefully that was a one shot loser night.
3	I wish I could give this place 3 and a half, but oh well.  It is a nice clean, dine in theater.  I have been to a few different dine in theaters, so I was not blown away by the concept itself like some people may.  The tickets are a little pricier than some other theaters if you are looking to just see a movie.  I did not eat any food and just got a popcorn and a soda.  This came up to $9.45 before tax which is pretty standard for any theater, but with less popcorn (most theaters will give you at least a refill with a large, but the drink had refills).  The staff puts on a nice friendly facade, but really seem to careless.  For instance I ordered a Diet and got a regular cola and also the carry on quite unprofessionally in the halls if you happen to step out to use the restroom.  The set up is just weird with a row of comfortable chairs with a wrap around tray similar to an airplane to place your food items on, then a row of office chairs with a counter in front of it, every other row.  I don't think I would be too happy if I was stuck in one of the office chairs.  They do have drink specials throughout the week which seems pretty cool, but it is too far of a distance for me to partake.
4	Been here twice good wine, okay menu, no gluten free (hint).  We tried to do the 2 for $25 special they were running but we told we could only pick from a few appetizers and entrees so we just split a burger??  Other than that it is nice to have a decent theater close to home.
3	My wife and I had a chance to attend a matinee showing which offered a reduced ticket pricing and I believe the ticket prices are comparable to other places and not overly priced. I researched reviews before deciding to purchase tickets and many of them lowered my expectations especially the quality of the food and mentions of using office chairs and there was nothing explain what the couples seating looked like. Looking at the seating chart it was hard to imagine what the seats were like because there were no pictures, which made me suspicious; were hiding something? It was common sense to me that the office type chairs must be located at the counter seating (C) and the couple seating were the (A) & (B) selections and they had to be a different style, which turned out to be somewhat accurate. The seating chart has dotted lines leading you to think these were short sections of counters but that wasn't so, in actuality there is a solid line of counters stretching from one side to the other of the auditorium with the office type chairs lined up behind them. The chart also doesn't reflect how much spacing there is between the rows, so for those reading this there is a 5' walking isle behind the office chairs and the couples seating is directly behind that, then the next length of counter space is directly behind those seats and so on. They could use a lesson from how iPic shows their seating charts, like the spacing and layout where the seats are placed along with pictures. The isle walking space was convenient for the servers and people to use, unlike other theaters (including iPic) that you have to excuse yourself as you squeeze through to get to the end isles. The couple seats are like over-sized office chairs but without the wheels and swivels, the center arm rest will flip up and the back tilts slightly, they were about as comfortable as the soft tilting back chairs as some Harkins and AMC theaters have. The VIP (V) seats were at the ends of the rows which don't get the best sound and screen quality and they appeared to be a little softer but because of the location there is nothing VIP about them. Now the food; well I've had worse at theaters but for the price I would expect better. The $10 all you can eat pizza was OK but nothing special and better than heated up frozen pizzas like most theaters have. I had pepperoni first then Italian sausage; both needed more meat or thicker slices as the meat flavor was over powered by the dough and sauce. My wife chose the overpriced Tenderloin Tip entree with sweet potato fries which were warm and soft with no crunch at all and the meat was hospital food bland but good after she doused it with salt and pepper. But if you think about it all theater foods and snacks are overpriced, as Dan Harkins once said in an interview, "I sell popcorn, candy and soda, the movies are included in the price", meaning if they didn't have concessions less people would go to the movies because the price would be so high to pay for the reel rentals. I liked the plastic serving dishes because they were quite, the noise of clinking plates and utensils at iPic drives me nuts when you're used to a quieter environment in a theater. The bar was well stocked and the prices were about the same as the surrounding pubs and restaurants, if you order beer and plan of having more than 4-glasses order a large picture, they won't mention it but it's a better deal until they read this and figure it out, then it might change. And that's all I have to say about that!
1	OMG worst movie experience ever! First they make you stand in line for 30 minutes while you are forced to hold the freezing cold, overpriced drinks that you buy from their dinky bar, then they hoard you like cattle into a tiny theater where you get to sit in, get this, an OFFICE CHAIR! We we're so shocked that we left and asked for our money back, which we didn't get but instead got 2 more movie tickets to come back at a later time... Which are going right in the trash because I wouldn't make my worst enemy sit thru this experience....
1	This is very likely our last visit. For the second time in a row, our food order was messed up and delayed. We had to ask for our popcorn twice...and it came after the meal instead of before. Our drinks went to the wrong place. The food was marginal at best. It's a great idea ... they just haven't quite figured out how to pull it off.
5	I went to the Studio Movie Grill loved the seating concept I ordered the hamburger and sweet potatoes fries WOW it was good.  Do go online to their web site to check for movie times because I went onto movietickets.com site and it wasn't updated the movie we wanted to see wasn't until later in the day we did pick another movie and it was good.  I will definitely go back wish we had one over in Arrowhead.
2	This theater is cute and I like the open concept of it but I just wasn't very comfortable hereGood thing we picked a good, funny movie to watch or else I don't know how else I would be comfortable enough to stayUpon walking in, the SMG looked like a cute modern movie theaterThe employees are all very nice, young, and cleanThere is a full bar to your left when you walk in and when we were there, it didn't seem busy or packed which is probably the norm for this locationWe used a groupon ticket and so the movie was pretty cheapWhen we walked into the theater I noticed that is was a little dated and really wideI love the whole dining/drinking/movie watching experience but these are some of the things I didn't like about this theater1) Seating is spaced well but it seems like the people who sit in the chairs in front of you would be in your way2) Roller ball chairs in a theater would be loud and annoying3) Although it is a dine-in theater, I hate hearing the sound of rustling paper and silverware clinking4) The chairs are hard to get comfortable and I was really hoping they would recline5)The screen volume can get a bit loud sometimes, louder than normal/usualAll in all this isn't a bad theater but it was just one that didn't really do it for meI did enjoy the movie and popcorn enoughNext review could be better if I get the big blue margarita first :)
3	We went to Studio Movie Grill over the weekend.  The staff was very friendly and cheerful.   The food was good (Lettuce Wraps, Sweet Potato Fries, Burger).The only negative experienced was the movie times on site did not match the internet. Rather than the movie I wanted to see having the posted showtime the SMG management had changed the times.  Apparently the local SMG management only controls their voice system for movie times, not the internet.Either I had to wait until the movie's new showing time or see something different.  Considering the dearth of good movies out this was a suboptimal choice.   So other than not being able to see the movie we wanted as advertised the trip out was acceptable.
5	This place is awesome. I feel like I'm going on a date w/ my hubby every time. You get to eat and have a few drinking while ur watching ur movie. Best part is that you buzz for your server when you need a refill or anything else that you might need. I Love how they have couple seats. Food is yummy and that prices are pretty much the same as if your going to just have popcorn or nachos at a regular movie theater. So why not go here and just have an actual full meal and service!.  It's not as packed as going to a regular theater. idk why, but that's even better i guess. Everyone should go here. I think it's an awesome experience.
4	Fun date night for me and my husband when a Groupon is available. Otherwise, this can turn into a pricey date. But their dishes are simple yet good and the atmosphere is very swanky and fun.
2	Okay, I have been at Studio Movie Grill 3 times now and have given them several chances to shine, unfortunately they remain dull.  If you want to watch a movie, go for it, they have comfortable seating but don't waste your money on the food and drink, actually the drinks are okay but there are plenty of fast food restaurants in the area that have more fresh food at a much reduced price.  Tonight we spent $75 on a couple of entrees and drinks. I don't mind spending that kind of money but I expect fresh, hot food and this food was obviously sitting for a long time waiting to be served, it was ice cold and so was the food of the people around us. Everyone was complaining but by the time you get a replacement meal, the movie is ending so you may as well just eat before or after the film.  I predict that studio movie grill will go the way of the drive in theaters.
4	Its a great place for the movies, but the food is not so great! The pizza that we ordered came not done well and we had to wait for it to be re-done. Next time I am eating out and then coming back for the moview.
2	Oh my, where do I start?I was doing low carb so I ordered the grilled chicken, which turned out had a sweet sauce all over : (They took it to our table with no silverware, had to ask for it a couple of times.They mistakenly got me fruit instead of vegetables (again, low carb!)Took long time to get vegetables, no silverware... yet...More than 20 minutes for a drink refill.  : (
3	I wonder if this is as good as it could be? Not thrilled about the prices on the drinks, but I guess it keeps people from getting hammered at the movie theater?! The food is decent, the new menu seems a bit ambitious with some of the entrees; I hope they can pull it off! At least a GF pizza and a GF hamburger bun are a nice inclusion for those of us with an allergy. The staff is always welcoming, happy, kind...and this goes a long way, along with the regular Groupon ticket option, toward making this theater one I return to once a month to enjoy the latest chick flick or family film :)
3	Have you ever watched a 2-hour movie from an office chair...? (perhaps) Have you ever said to yourself, "Gee, I wish movie theaters had office chairs INSTEAD of comfy movie chairs for my 2-hour long viewing pleasure?" (prob not). That was really the only hitch. Waitstaff was super friendly and attentive to food/drink requests. But really? Hard office chairs?? My butt lost feeling about halfway in, and we were crammed in alongside other movie-goers so I couldn't rotate at all to stretch out like I do for the other 8 hours/day I'm at work. Perhaps the experience would have been much better had we selected seats not in the office chair rows...? Who knows. With a Groupon, I justified the experience :)
2	I really had high hopes for this place. In fact, after a less than pleasing first experience I went again in hopes that my experience was just an outlier. Sadly, turns out it was not. The seats are really comfortable. Both times, my husband and I sat in the A/B seats and neither of us had complaints. The food however is a completely different story. The idea is a good one and I have had great experiences at smaller scale dine in theaters but this company really has a long ways to go until you can call their food acceptable. The first time, I had the fish tacos and my husband ordered pepperoni pizza. My fish tacos were terribly bland. The fish was dry and there was just no flavor at all. Halfway through my meal, I look over and see that my husband (who LOVES pepperoni pizza and can eat an entire large Little Caesars pizza no problem) has barely eaten a slice. I ask about it and he says in no less words that its the worst pizza he has ever had. I try a bite and the whole thing tastes like plastic! I think they must cook them in the microwave. The second time was even worse. My husband decided to go with the chicken strips because "nobody can mess up microwavable chicken strips". He had no comment on them so I assume they weren't horrible but weren't great either. I had the burger, also assuming that they wouldn't mess up a simple burger but apparently they could. Half of my burger tasted so fishy that I can only assume they marinated the meat in sardine juice or something. No idea how that can happen. Several of my fries also tasted very moldy, which of course I couldn't confirm because you're eating in the dark. In addition, we made the terrible decision of seeing Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs the second time and although it clearly states on the screen to take your children out of the movie if they are being disruptive, nobody takes that seriously (including the staff). We were sitting in a row with about 5 young children who were all shouting and throwing temper tantrums and their infant sibling was crying hysterically the entire time. I really did want to like this place. I just can't. I don't see myself going back there in the near (or distant!) future but if I did I would go to a PG-13 or R rated movie where hopefully there aren't screaming babies and I would not order food. They do have Angry Orchard Cider on draft so that is a bonus! They get two stars from me because the first movie experience was good but zero stars for the food.
1	Poor service! Poor service! Poor service! Management came over to try to make a mends just to receive poor service again. Only bright spot bartender in lounge which She tried to make the best of her co-bartender horrid service
5	This place was amazing! FIrst of all, you do have to get over the fact that there are going to be servers going past you to serve others, well sorry, but thats kinda part of the whole process. If you don't want to enjoy a movie and a dinner, then go to an AMC or sit closer to the front or sit next to the wall away from the theaters entrance or   something. But with the combo of food and drink and comfy chairs and a movie, you can't beat it! The bartender "Eric" was awesome and made a great Long Island! This place is solid.
3	Great facilities and friendly service. It did take some time to get a drink refill. Actually, the patron to my right received my drink. That wasn't so bad but what was I was a little disconcerted is that he also got my credit card after I closed my tab. Methinks they need to hammer out some kinks in their system.
4	A great experience! The theater has comfortable leather seats with plenty of elbow room. The lobby is modern and inviting featuring a bar and lounge seating. It isn't necessarily cheap however with a Groupon its definitely a great value. The food as tasty especially considering its a theater and not a restaurant. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys watching a good movie in comfort with a beer and a burger on hand!
4	This place is great....cheaper than IPIC better than Harkins and AMC and they serve you whenever you hit a button. Find the deals in Groupon.
5	A panorama of the lobby: http://360.io/RBz7mq filler text to make yelp accept this as a review...filler text to make yelp accept this as a review...filler text to make yelp accept this as a review...filler text to make yelp accept this as a review...
2	My best friend and I decided to do a double date with our boyfriends who are also really good friends. We even found a groupon deal!When we walked in, I was impressed with how nice it looked. The girl, Alex, at the front was very rude and monotone. She seemed liked a classic snooty spoiled scottsdale girl. There was a deal going on 2 for $25, appetizer and two entrees. The four of us all ordered at the same time. My boyfriend and I got our appetizer what seemed like only minutes later. And it was more on the cold side. My friend did not receive her appetizer until ten minutes later when her meal arrive along side it. I did not receive my meal for another 10 minutes which was the pesto chicken pasta and a side caesar. I went to take a bite out of my caesar (mind you, it already being dark inside the theatre at this point) and was shocked to be eating dry ice berg lettuce. I pressed my button and five minutes later a guy came up and apologized and asked if I wanted to keep this salad and just bring out the dressed or an entirely new salad. I said I want a Caesar salad, I want the real deal, dressing and all. And he says :ok I'll be right back with the dressing." Nooooo. This isn't even the right lettuce, there's no parmesan and there's tomatoes in this salad. But he was long gone before I could say anything. When he came back I told him again that i want the correct salad. He gave me lip and said with attitide, "I thought i asked you that. I'll go get you a new salad." You did, and you failed  to listen to a what I asked. Also, the food is very cheap quality with a high price tag. Management really needs to educate their employees on what customer service truly is.
4	This was our first time visit.  I guess the best thing to do is come early to eat your dinner ... or order something that's more conducive to eating in the dark.  Both my husband and I ordered a salad.  Although they were really good salads, it was kind of inconvenient to eat in the dark!  I love the concept though and the service there was amazing.  We were greeted at every step of the process from entering, to getting the tickets, to entering the theatre, someone always said hi to us.  It was refreshing to get such nice service so thank you for that SMG!So next time we come here we will definitely have to get something that's easier to eat in the dark!  Other than that, our experience here was great.
5	This is probably my new favorite place to see movies and my new favorite way to see movies.  Cocktails and edamame brought to you while watching the newest Thor movie?  Yes, please.   We have been here a few times, and each time has been a winner. They have Groupon offers pretty frequently, which is a great deal.  They also offer different deals for each day of the weeks, such as, $5 martinis on Wednesdays. You pick out your seat in advance so you can choose from either a cushioned stationery seat with a moveable tray table, or a cushioned desk style chair that has a table top in front of it. We almost always go for the cushioned seats with the swivel table - but both are good options!  Overall: A+The only way I'll want to see movies now - I'm ruined for regular theaters! Cocktails, blockbusters and snacks, oh my!
5	We went there with the kids to see Frozen. I love the big wide seating. I love that you can order food and alcohol. There is plenty of space to move about if you have to leave in the middle of the movie... I mean plenty - the seating is limited.Do I expect a four star service and food quality there? No. It's a movie theater.The whole cost of the movie with some food, drinks and admission is not much more than a regular, crowded theatre that does not have tables, big comfy chairs or the space to move about.... and you can't get Blue Moon on draft in AMC.You want something nicer - go to iPIC....be prepared to pay twice as much though.
4	Studio Movie Grill is as good a place to see a movie as just about any other theater, plus the food and full bar and being able to select your seat online are phenomenal compliments.  SMG's ticket prices are equivalent to standard cinemas in the valley, and the food prices are on par with an average family restaurant, so really it's about the same as going to a standard dinner and a movie in the long run.  There's always a deal on Groupon or some other discount site, so it's pretty easy to save a few bucks, as well.The lobby is has a pretty cool set up.  It feels more like a lounge than a movie theater.  There's a bar and some big couches and tables.  If it weren't for the box office, you'd could theoretically just hang out and would never know there were movies playing just feet from your seat.The theater has a decent set up as well.  Each row alternates between a big leather chair with a tray table in front of it, or a bar with an office type chair.  I've only sat in the big chairs, which are comfortable, however you will need to lean forward to eat in the dark or risk making a big mess on yourself.  I can't tell you what the office chairs are like.  I would guess it's easier to get, but less comfortable overall.  I only wish the ground were angled more.  Stadium seating is the only thing the auditoriums are sorely missing.  The screen and sound system are digital and crystal clear.
3	It is fun coming to Studio Movie Grill.  I like the concept of this movie theater where you can order food or drinks and watch a movie at the same time.  The downside is that the staff is always walking around when someone needs a refill or wants to order sometime else.  I will admit that the food is really good and they even have gluten free food too.  My favorite things are the skinny tea and potato skins.  Normally at the movies the food is not all that great.  But it is nice to know that when you come to the Studio Grill you can have decent food. If you are looking for a place to see a movie and wanting to have dinner, you should just go to Studio Grill.
1	Good food, not the greatest service.I'll probably only go to SMG once ever. I ordered some really good steak quesadillas, stuffed with tons of meat. It was a moderately busy Monday night, but there were only two employees at the bar area. They were swamped with a lot going on, so they didn't do a great job of covering all the customers. Once in the theater, I hit the red service light to get a refill on my Dr. Pepper. Never got anything the rest of the movie.SMG = great idea, terrible execution.
5	Walter Mitty is a fantastic film! Directed by Ben Stiller also. My hat goes off best movie
4	Studio Movie Grill is a great concept.. It's dinner and a movie in one. Which is why my large family always comes here. Not to mention, always $6 groupons! The 10 people in my family can see a movie for $60 instead of $100 at Harkins or AMC.The food is pretty good. I usually stick with the basic nachos, chicken strips, etc. but I'm sure the rest is good!The only complaints that I have, is that I feel like it takes forever to get a refill on a drink. Food is hit or miss depending on how busy it is. One time it took 30 min for me to get popcorn and then 10 min to get grilled chicken strips. Like I said.. Hit or miss.A lot of people don't like the servers walking through the isles constantly, but once you're actually engaged in the movie, you don't even notice. (I've also never had an isle seat where they walk up and down though.. That may be a distraction for some people).The employees could work a little but more on their customer service.. I mean it's whatever since I'm there to watch a movie. But when you sound rude and miserable asking "who had the nachos?" You should probably get a new job. Something you enjoy!And last, always go for the row with the lounge chairs and swivel table.. Much better than the office chairs in the other rows!
2	My husband and I had a groupon to this place, so we tried it out to see Prometheus (great movie). The moment we stepped inside, we knew it was a very a high class place, which really isn't our taste, but it IS Scottsdale...My main beef with this place was the OUTRAGEOUS A/C! I get cold in theaters, but I was SO cold in this one that I could not move to get up when the movie was over. Even my husband was cold, and that's saying a lot.We weren't crazy about the fact that waiters are constantly coming in and out of the movie as well. It's very distracting. It makes it difficult to focus on the movie, especially when the cowboys behind us are yelling "giddyup" at every scene, and talking very loudly to these waiters. All in all, we don't agree that serving food/drinks during a movie is a good idea. We avoid the movie theaters because of ADULTS who cannot seem to shut up as it is, so this wasn't the best experience.FIX YOUR A/C! It doesn't need to be so cold in that place. Not sure we'll ever come back.
2	I live right by SMG, so its very convenient. But there are two major issues I have with the place. 1. The food needs to get better. I have tried 5 different items and none of them were good. Its usually over done and extremely greasy. 2. The seats are not good. I would rather sit in a regular movie theater seat that actually reclines, than the bulky uncomfortable seats at SMG.
2	This place is a dump. The movie theaters are always dirty, the bathrooms are always a mess, and the food is over priced. But at least the movie ticket prices are cheap with coupons.
3	I like the idea of Studio Movie Grill better than the actual experience. Good food brought to your seat during first-run movies?  Sure, sign me up. But parts of the operation could, in my personal opinion, be improved. First, the hallway between the lobby and the screens was dirty and cluttered like a backstage, or behind a bar - there were stacks of boxes, racks of glasses, etc.  I realize a whole set of dedicated service corridors would be prohibitively expensive, but at least make an effort to keep things neat and tidy.Second, our seats backed up against the riser wall, so they didn't recline. They did rock, as in back and forth.  Some seats faced counters, which reminded me of sports books in Vegas (minus the gambling) - they had office desk chairs. Glad we weren't sitting there. Third, the always-on reading lights are probably necessary to read a menu during a flick, but they are annoying and prevent the darkness we're used to at traditional movie theaters. By the end of the movie I did get used to it. A little light was probably also a good thing for those folks who were eating. It is easy to miss how important seeing your food is - having to feel around to find your grub and not seeing what goes into your pie-hole can be unnerving. Sight really does inform taste. At the end of the day I think the Studio Movie Grill isn't better or worse than a traditional cinema experience - I think it is probably just different. At least the price is right - Studio Movie Grill is much cheaper than the theaters we go to back home where we live.
2	My first experience 1/15/14 I was impressed with dining and movie concept. I was disappointed in their Wed. night all you can eat pizza 'special'  Once me and my boyfriend ordered it, we were then told, we had to order a six slice pizza each and could not share - then it was all you can eat!  It defeats the purpose of the all you can  eat pizza advertised. if you're spending over $10 each to have to buy a pizza before the all you can eat kicks in, where is the benefit?  Misleading.
1	Really like this place for two reasons: 1. Close from where I live and 2. The Groupon deal makes it affordable. However,  those seats are the worse and cheap. What was management thinking!!!Free advice to management: Replace those seat for Real recliners.  This is an investment that will help your business and our experience.
2	My husband and I live less then 5 minutes away from the theater in Scottsdale, AZ and decided to finally try it out. Both of us were unfamiliar with the theater and all we knew was dinner was served with a movie. We went to the ticket counter and approached the desk. The two girls that were there kept their conversation going until I finally said "Hi, is this where we go for tickets?" The girl literally sighed and said "Yes, have you been here before?". After explaining to her this was our first time and we wanted to see Frozen at 6:40PM she produced a little screen with seats and told us to pick two. There was a difference in the seats and when we asked how it was set up, she sighed again and went through the speech she much have to go through often, but we were still unclear on the difference between the seats. This was the last thing she said to us. I asked her which was more popular and easy to eat dinner at. This time she didn't reply at all and just stared down at her screen responding to the other girl who was still chatting with her. We picked seats, handed over the credit card (only knowing the price from viewing the total on the register) and got the tickets from her and that was the end of our ticket counter experience. No "Thanks have a good night" Or "Take your tickets to the theater" or anything else explaining whats next. We walked around for a few seconds and figured to just go to the man standing near the entrance to the screens, he was very friendly and asked if we had been here before. He took our tickets and after that we had a fun time. The food was OK and they had the 2 for $25 combo so it was affordable. But after the experience with the ticker counter, I wouldn't say I would return or recommend this theater.
4	This is my husband and I's favorite place to go to the movies. The seats are comfortable and the all-in-one experience is well worth it. They have good food and one of the best Group-On deals for tickets at only $6 a piece.The place has a clean look and the movie experience itself is great. Well worth that date night with your sweetheart
4	Best place to see a movie without waiting in line. The tickets are inexpensive, especially when you purchase them through Groupon. It is helpful to reserve your seats online, at least a day in advance, especially for popular/new movies. If you show up day of to by tix at the box office, you won't have a good seat selection. The food is good- not amazing. However, this is a theater that serves food also; not a restaurant that plays movies. If you want supreme comfort, reserve the chairs (labeled "A" "B" and "V") and not the counter table seats (labeled "C".) The seats have a cupholder and a removable tray for holding your food/drink. Counter seating has much less comfy chairs. I only give SMGrill four stars  because iPic is a much better experience for movie-watching w/ food & drinks, but the cost is considerably more as well.
2	I used to really love Studio Movie Grill. The Groupon deals, combined with getting to eat dinner during the movie, made this place my number one place for seeing most movies. If the food was only slightly better than adequate, well, it was still better than eating nachos and a soft pretzel for dinner at AMC. The last two times I've been to SMG, the food has gotten progressively worse, to the point where I received a hamburger so burned that I could smell the charred meat immediately after they set it in front of me. Not wanting to interrupt my movie, I smothered it in mustard and choked it down, but my husband later told me the people next to us sent their food back. And there were only 5 of us in the theater, so that means they pretty much ruined everyone's food.The seats are just okay. Having finally experienced the recliners at Arrowhead AMC (yes, I know I'm behind the times), I can't say they are all that special. The bathrooms are continually very messy and I noted 4 unflushed toilets in a row. Apparently they don't check the bathrooms very often, because I have noted this from the beginning. So unless I hear from someone that they've gotten their act together and made this place worth the drive (I live in Peoria), I'm not going to bother. Even at Groupon prices, I think I'd rather go to AMC or Harkins instead.
5	I've been here 3 times now so I feel comfortable enough giving a review.  I thought I'd be upset about seeing all the workers run around during the movie taking orders and the talking but surprisingly you don't even notice it.  The theater seats are much more spread out than regular theaters so there was never a worker blocking my view and the seats are generally far enough away I couldn't hear anyone talking.I usually order my tickets online or on Groupon.  They are much cheaper for movie tickets here than AMC or Harkins theaters.  But I'm sure they make up for the money when people purchase food and drinks.Picking seats is easy to do, I've always been satisfied with the seats I ended up in, my bf and I always got the comfy leather couple seats and we always show up early enough and hang around the bar with other couples.Their drinks are amazing, they aren't too strong and undrinkable like some bars, they aren't watered down and gross like Apple Bee's or Chili's.  I've had their apple martini's with whip creme vodka, something they turned me onto and it's my new favorite, and I've had their pina colada and long island ice tea's.  All of which I was never disappointed in my drinks and my boyfriend was never disappointed in his.The food was amazing, I recommend their mushroom bacon pizza or burgers.  But they have a very wide selection of food for anyone's taste.The place has always been clean when I've been there, front desk, inside, bathrooms, theater room, bar, and hallways have all been clean.  And I've had nothing but positive experiences with their staff.  They've always been friendly and nice with me, I've never received anyone grumpy  or that seemed like they hated their jobs.I will continue to go here and love the place.  I just wish they'd billed another location closer to m side of town.
5	I went to see Nonstop today with my husband. It was a great experience! The food is amazing and well worth the money. The seats are comfortable and big. I will definitely be returning back.
4	Really phenomal experience from start to finish. Friendly service and quick service. One stop shop for dinner and a movie. Movie going for the grown folks!
5	For the price I love this place. Get the Groupon deal and it is the best. We like to come here to watch a movie, have a few drinks, and grab a bite to eat. If you have an issue they have no hesitation recognizing it and compensating for it.
4	We love coming here because you can do dinner & a movie all in one sitting!  They have 2 seat choices either office chairs at a counter or loveseats with a tray.  The loveseats are super comfy! The service has always been great- just push the red button & they are there.  Free refills on beverages (non alcoholic).  The food is good but not fancy.  A lot of fried items but its done well.
2	The first few visits here, we enjoyed it. The food was always delicious, the service was great, the movie is fun. No complaints, really.But, just recently, we went for a family date night with our 4 year old and experienced the WORST service we've ever had. Not to mention the pizza was gross. We were the first to be seated in the theater, and ordered first because we already knew what we wanted. Our first round of drinks, and the popcorn, were out immediately, but 45 minutes later our food was finally delivered. The coconut chicken tenders were fine, they always are, but the BBQ chicken pizza was so ordinary. Is it made fresh? It tasted like a frozen pizza. Not to mention, I asked if it was possible to take the cilantro off and the dude said yes. There was SO MUCH cilantro on my pizza. You know, not everyone likes cilantro :( So we were enjoying the movie, but were all thirsty again, we pushed the button to order drinks, but no one came (20 minutes went by), so we pushed the button again and finally had our drinks to us in 5 minutes. We went through 4 different servers, when usually we only have one.The entire experience was a drag, the movie was cute, but the service was HORRIBLE. Super slow and unfriendly.
4	First time here.
4	Buffalo chicken tenders, crispy chicken tenders,  potato skins, ice cream sundae, chocolate chip cookies, Oreo vanilla shake,  popcorn, tenderloin Cobb, gouda bacon burger are all my favorite items. That's like, half the menu! I will say that I've had some cold French fries, hard cookies, and late popcorn.Other than that, Studio Movie Grill is great!
3	The prices are not too exorbitant for a movie theater that has seat-side service.  I have had some stale popcorn here and the food can be hit and miss, but other than that I really have no complaints.  On Sundays Studio Movie Grill has $5 glasses of house white wine and $10 all-you-can-eat, one-topping pizzas.  And the pizzas are not horrible; I am always leery of 'bottomless' food.  I had chicken nachos once and they were weak, lacking cheese and chicken with a huge pile of lettuce on top...more like a salad.  On the bright side, drinks are always kept topped up and seats are relatively comfortable; just make sure to get a table seat not a counter seat.
1	I had the worst customer experience at a theatre or restaurant ever at this Studio Movie Grill.  The servers and manager were very rude.  NEVER GO HERE!!!  After getting charged $7 for soda I requested the manager kindly take 1 soda off my charge because that is an outrageous price for two sodas.  He refused.  I said I have been to Studio Movie Grill 25-30 times and was aghast at the ridiculous price of their soda and would be very happy if he helped me out.  I said if he didn't help me out I would never go to them again.  Still refused.  Let's see $45 a date twice a month for over a year....that's $1080 they are losing just over a year instead of comping me $3.50 for a soda I would have never ordered if I knew that's how much it was.  Soda costs them like 15 cents and they decided to be rude to me and not want my business ever again.  Request granted.  Guess I will be going to the Esplanade, it is a much better experience.
5	SMG changes my movie expectations dramatically...I LOVE being able to watch EVERY Disney/Pixar movie that comes out with wine or a cocktail! But the biggest SURPRISE is that the food at SMG is actually really, really good! There's a great variety and the prices are very fair. Everyone has been pleased with the food. I loved the Asian Chicken Salad!I'd much rather spend $8 for a good, fresh kids meal- quesadilla, pizza, burger or chicken tenders/fries- than on a cup of popcorn, gummies and a drink at AMC.On Sundays the house wine- not too bad- is $5.
4	Prices for food are a bit high but that's the movies now a days. Service is alright should be more attentive. Seating you can't be beat, comfy & spacey.
4	First time here with my wife and a couple friends... we live all the way in Gilbert, so I had pretty high expectations to make this worth the drive. I have to say that the prices are pretty good... in terms of tickets, it's just the same as anywhere else... in terms of food, it's on par with a Chili's or Applebee's (prices, that is). No problems with the "office chairs" that everyone seems to be upset about... honestly, what theater are you all going to that have such great seats? You make it sound like SMG gives you a couple of concrete blocks. They're fine. Parking is adequate, easy in and out from the 101. Chicken strips are what my wife and I went with... both good. Fries - both regular and sweet potato - are below average and not even room temp. Drinks are fairly priced. Something to take advantage of... each night they have specials, both food and drink, that are on the front menu cover. Can't believe I missed the stuff on the COVER, but I did and I missed out on $5 Tito's vodka drinks. For two people, there's also a pretty good deal for $25: 1 appetizer, 2 entrees... and you can add a dessert for $5. Not bad when you compare it to other food places.I'd recommend it and will probably go back.
3	At first impression I thought that having dinner at a movie house wouldn't work. But it does.  I have been here twice now.  The food is your typical hamburgers, pizzas, pastas and fried stuff.  I don't think it is that overpriced considering that you are in a movie theatre.  The mark up is not as high as the mark up on movie candy in most theaters. They have cocktails with daily specials.   It is ok tasting for what it is.  The only problem is that if you are seated next to a big fat pig as I was today who kept ordering more food and more food and more food, it is very disruptive during the movie.  The umpteen conversations between the server and this person discussing her food went on and on to the point that I missed some of the dialogue.  Very annoying.  Order your food, eat it, shut up and watch the movie.  Thank you.
5	We love it here!  Seating with lap tables best way to go (seats shown as A or B online).Megaplex burger (I get the turkey, you can also get beef or black bean) is my favorite but also like to ceviche lettuce wraps & bok Choy salad.Don't miss the popcorn either!Wines by the bottle are 25% off on Friday & Saturday.  Sweet!
5	My first time and I loved it!  Food was awesome and so was the service.  They could really use some new chairs for the counter seating but no biggie. Next Time we split a meal because there was way too much food.
4	I like this place a lot - my husband and I get $6 groupons and go whenever there is a movie out we want to see. The chairs are really comfortable - although I usually like to sit at the counter seats because sometimes it is hard to see otherwise if someone tall sits in front of you. The food is just ok - usually we eat first - but we love catching movies and a few drinks here! :) Especially for $6 - cant beat it!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  Always a good deal and great seats...and drinks and food served while you watch!
2	Total rip off food prices have become way too high for chappy food..... will never buy food here again !
3	Really cool concept for dinner and a movie. Potato skin app was really good, and the salad was decent. I wasn't impressed with the ice cream sandwich dessert. Also misleading on who you're tipping when you have 5 plus servers working together on a dinner party of two. I would go back another time and recommend people try atleast once!
4	We visited the Studio Movie Grill because we had a Groupon. It was only $5 for a movie ticket, which is awesome considering the movie theater is pretty amazing!Location: This one is in north Scottsdale, which was quite a drive for us, but I think it was worth it.Service: Everyone was VERY very friendly, even to the point of stopping us in the hall to thank us for our business. Prices: The price of the movie ticket wasn't bad, but the food was outrageously priced and wasn't the best. The chicken nuggets were just pre-made strips that were reheated. I had the black bean mushroom burger and it was good, but lacked flavor.Tips: Choose the seats that are labeled white with hearts. They're the comfy chairs. The others are rolling office chairs. They have $2 movies in the summer! So cool!
5	Love it here. Always willing to make the drive for a good movie, beer and food. Very clean, fast service and amazing server customer service. Sometimes the ladies in the ticket booth can get a little bitchy. Also, amazing ticket deals on groupon $5 and at the movies is $10
5	Love this place! It is right around the corner from us, so the location is very convenient. The staff is always very friendly. It makes for a great date night, as you can order food and drinks. I have only ordered food once, I believe a chicken salad, and thought it was good. I love that you can order a bucket of beer or wine while relaxing and watching a movie! I would recommend picking your seats online beforehand because the comfy seats are taken quickly. I noticed that on Fridays they offer 25% off bottles of wine, so I plan to go back and do dinner and wine night soon.The best part is the Groupon offer. It is $5 for a ticket, and you can use the Groupon code to go on Studio Movie Grill's website to choose your seats. You can't beat a $5 movie these days! The staff is also very helpful with redeeming the Groupon at the front.
5	This is our new go to, and considering we live in Surprise, that says a lot :) The groupons make the drive worth it, we break even and get an awesome movie experience.  The seats are comfy, the theater is less crowded, the popcorn is good (not as good as AMC or Harkins, but good) waiters and waitresses are always wonferful.  I have even hosted a birthday party with 8 kids, using groupons, and have a perfect, hick-up free event.
4	So our movie didn't start after we had already ordered food! Well.... I couldn't have been a better experience! We swapped movies they comped us and we got a free ticket! There will be 'fails' in a business any business but how you deal with them is the key to success. The food was all terrific and the beers cold! Come here with confidence
3	The price is great but same commercial movies than other theaters. The food is horrible and expensive, they need to offer healthier options.
5	I tried this theater with much hesitancy, after reading reviews.  Normally, we go to AMC Esplanade and LOVE it.  However, we are much closer to this place.  I disagree with the poor reviews - perhaps the management read them and got it together!  We had excellent seating, excellent service and the food was as right as I expected it to be for this type of place.  The staff is overwhelmingly polite, courteous, and fast.  We will definitely be coming here often now!
5	Studio movie grill is a great concept.Being able to go to a movie and choose from options to eat and drink that don't include just popcorn and nachos is quite refreshing. They also offer awesome groupons every once in a while that helps you save and have more money for food or drinks!Id make this place my movie spot if it wasnt so far from oldtown. Great experience for a date or families
4	I found out about this place from my husband, who had received a Groupon for them.  I did a little research and that the concept was interesting, so we reserved our seats.For those who don't know about this place, superficially, it's just like your standard movie theater:  popcorn smells, customer-service staff in uniforms, and a ticket-check person directing you to your particular movie.The distinction, however, is that this place offers a full selection of food that is cooked in a kitchen.  It also offers alcoholic beverages, though they have to be consumed in their bar area.  It's rare that I go to the movies, mainly due to price, but I really liked the concept.AMBIANCEUpon arriving and walking in, the first thing I noticed was that it was spacious, much more spacious than any other theater I had been to.  On the left, you had ticket booths where you can purchase tickets on demand.  No ridiculously long lines, by the way.  Behind it, you had the bar with an array of drinks.  (There was no one at the bar at the time.)  To the right was a lot of open area with comfortable couches and loveseats for people to relax and wait for their movie or for other people to catch up with your party.Everything was clean and well-kept.  The staff was dressed professionally, and all had a smile on their face.THEATERIn the actual theater, the seating seemed standard in that seats were lined up in rows that went higher the farther back you go.  The difference was that all the seats were leather and comfortable.  Also, you had some seats that had pull-away tables, while others pulled up to a table the length of the entire row.  The reason for either was what the draw is:  ordering and eating food--not just popcorn--while you watch your movie.  My husband and I chose the pull-away tables.  (Not without some shenanigans, though.)FOODI didn't expect much from this place, no matter how nice the ambiance was.  When you sit down, you will have already been given a menu that includes all their specials for food and drinks.  If you want to order something, simply press the red button at your table, and one of the staff will come to take your order.  Perhaps 10 minutes later (or a little more), your food arrives.  I have to say the food was better than what you would get at your sit-down establishments, such as TGI Fridays or Chili.  I ordered some chicken nachos.  It was very-well plated and tasted great!  And the prices were not more expensive than at other similar establishments.CUSTOMER SERVICEThe only piece of constructive feedback that I have is that the check-in process could have been much simpler.  I paid for my ticket through Groupon and got an e-mail from the Studio telling us that we didn't have to print anything out.  We could just show up and have them scan our phones.  When we get there, the CSR looked confused when I offered her my phone to scan.  After a bit of confusion, she asked to look us up by the credit card we used to make a payment.  I found this frustration and irritating and made my displeasure known.  This could have been the ideal opportunity show the public that the company is technically savvy and also aware of its customer demographic, likely people with smartphones.OVERALLI was impressed with the customer service, ambiance, food, and selection of movies.  We definitely will return--assuming the regular, non-Groupon prices are reasonable.
4	How great was this place? A bar in the lobby/lounge while you wait for you movie! A dining menu once you get seated inside the movie theater. BTW, for those that don't know, you can block your desired seat online, just like when getting your desired seat on an airplane. You even have at your seat a silent buzzer to alert an attendant to come and assist with your dining needs during the movie. The only thing that was a little bit distracting was the wait staff when they did come thru during the movie. But, that's the price you pay for having a dining service. The one other thing I'll mention is that its not crowded and noisy like a traditional movie house. Sweet!
4	Nice big clean theater that serves food while you watch, at a reasonable price.  There are a few drawbacks, but overall, a fun place to go when you're hungry right at movie time.  We've gotten tons of Groupons to come here, so the price is usually right - it's quite reasonable even at full price, though.  They also have a great drink selection and nice Happy Hour specials.  The theaters are large and nice, but ultimately, I don't find the seating to be quite as comfy as a regular movie theater.  Things to note:- You choose your seating when buying tickets - at the ticket counter or online at home.  First off, definitely avoid the office chairs with a counter.  Be sure to choose a chair with an attached wooden counter that slides over you or out, like an old-time school desk.  These don't recline and aren't as nice as regular theater seats, but they're still pretty good.  These go fast, though - definitely get there early or buy your tickets online to make sure you get a good seat.  We showed up 35 minutes early for a movie last Saturday and ended up in the second row in the last set of the good seats.- It stays lighter in the theater than in a non-food-serving place - the servers need to see where they're going and people need to be able to identify their forks, but I find that it's not a prime setting for an Avatar-type visual extravaganza.- The food is pretty decent, but nothing fancy (try the veggie burger or the Margherita pizza).  They also have dessert (brownie sundae, yay!) and the prices aren't hiked up in the usual movie-food style.
1	Whats up with the office roll around chairs? No head rest, uncomfortable, feels like im working and not watching a movie. Could not relax the whole time.
3	Went here because of a groupon. I think I can safely say that you wont have too many rowdy teens/college students. Thats a BIG PLUS. Some reviews talking about a long table with desk chairs and would have rather had reclining chairs. Agreed.... but its easier to eat at a table. and you can definitely choose where to sit. so you dont need to sit at the table. Food is not pricey... similar to regular movie theatres. I would go more often if it was closer. But.. the set up is similar to ipic... food and drinks while you watch a movie. dine in while you watch.. i think it falls short of ipic... but i think its also cheaper..
5	My husband and I have always enjoyed our time at this theater for the following reasons; 1) The chairs are comfy and relaxing. 2) The staff is always helpful and comes by to take your order before the movie starts and drops off a check about 20 minutes before the movie ends. Very minor distraction.3) The food is great! However, we have only had their coconut chicken tenders (YUM) and their nachos. PLUS, the price is very affordable!! For 25 bucks you can get an appetizer and two dinner entrees. Count us in!! 4) The theater has never been too cold. We are always very comfortable in the theater. 5) They give you mints at the end of the movie as you walk out. Great place and great price!!
4	Found out about this place by listening to XM Radio 72 On Broadway, where we learned about the showing of an Australian stage production of "Drivng Miss Daisy," starring Angela Lansbury, James Earl Jones and Boyd Gaines, so we went on line and found that it was at this theatre near us yesterday.  How fortunate that it was also at a theatre with food table service and a full bar!  We went to the bar and got a pint of Blue Moon each while we waited for the film to start, which ended up starting late due to the theatre not being cleaned yet.  We had to wait awhile for that to happen.  Finally we were seated and ordered our food before the film started, but then we were interrupted several times during the viewing by the server to get the food, the check and make the payment.  We had gotten our tickets on Fandango and arrived early so that we could finish eating before it started but we were not allowed in the theatre.  I understand that this was a special one-time only showing but it should have been better organized.   Seats were very comfortable.  The barbecue chicken pizza I ordered was enough for a meal, and was very tasty.  My wife had the blackened chicken salad with ranch dressing, which she thought was fine, but she was still hungry later (must be all that rabbit food she eats ;-). We both had another Blue Moon too.  The film was outstanding and is the reason for the high rating--we felt we were in the presence of stage greatness as we laughed and cried along with these amazingly accomplished actors..
5	There is no other way to see a movie !! Great dining and plush lounge seats ! Waiter  on hand ya baby
3	We got to movie an hour early and had to sit in the front, although it was ok and the movie was good, the food lacked. I have the BBQ chicken pizza, which was more sauce than anything else. My friend ordered the BBQ cheddar burger, she couldn't eat it because it was super red in the center and my sister had the nachos which was more like a salad. Will try again...
2	I bought a groupon deal since my boyfriend really wanted to check this place out.  When we got there the place was packed full and we could barely hear the girl at the counter because the music was so loud. It felt more like a club than a movie theater. Once we were finally let inside we sat down and waited for a staff member to come take our order. I watched 2 of them go to every person on our row, yet they somehow managed to skip us. We finally had to press the red button and after waiting several minutes after the movie started someone took our order. Eventually I noticed everyone on our row was getting their drinks.. Except us. Several minutes later we got our appetizer. Still no drinks. Finished our appetizer, then we finally got our drinks and food. My pizza was a little cold, but at least the chicken strips my boyfriend had ordered were warm. We ended up needing refills and didn't get them until right before the movie ended, so that means it took them maybe 40 minutes to get it. I'm not too happy with the experience, but I'm glad I didn't spend full price on the tickets. I don't think we'll go there again.
5	I love coming here! What's not to love about a place where you don't have to wait in long lines for new movies in the heat and rush ahead of everyone else to get great seats!?!? Aannnnnnnnd they bring you food and drinks while watching a movie?!  For the same price as regular theatre. Oh yea! Thumbs up from this gal. They how have daily $2 kid movies. Awesome deal and great way to get out of the heat! Tips: Reserve or choose your seats online in advance for popular movies and later time frames. Please make sure you don't choose in front of screen. Hehe I learned the hard way but the manager is a sweetie and helped me out -without making me feel like a ding dong. Plan on having wine or a cocktail or two ;) they have them. And they bring them to you. Regular prices. Woot wootFood is pretty good. I love: popcorn (used to be to so great-it's better now) chicken nachos, any burger or chicken sandwich is great. Their cheese fries are addictive!  I'm not a fan of the desserts yet. I've tried a few and not feeling it. But they have a brownie sundae people like. Something about the sauce on it isn't my thang. If you go earlier than 5pm time frame it's golden. Not too crazy busy-like most movie places. Still-I reserve online. The seats that say C are the counter seats and you may not like them. Go first and sit in regular then decide. I don't care for them and always choose back row. Hit your red button as soon as you sit down especially if you are hungry. Someone comes right over to take your order. Depending on what time you get there it might be dark so look at menu online. The 2 for $25 deal is a winner for me. Two entrees and an appetizer or dessert I think.  We get it every time.
4	I went to see 22 Jump Street on a Thursday night. It was about 1/3 full.  The thing about this theater is you can't get popcorn, soda or any food unless you order it from waitstaff that comes to your seat. The food is pretty similar to what it would be in a moderated price restaurant. They have $25 menu for two if your on a date, a lot less inexpensive then doing the two separately. Also Groupon has a killer deal 45% off for movies valid til August 15th. Basically makes your ticket $5. The seat selection comes down to office leather chairs and lounge chairs that don't recline with a classroom (can't coin the name Irina H. takes credit for that) desk come over the top. Like airplane seats in the 90s. Def make sure you take those. The two downfalls I will say is with all the waitstaff they have at least 15 ppl per screen for a non busy night, it took over 10 mins for someone to come by and take my order, while the light was on. I had to flag someone down to get their attention. As well as they almost forgot my soda (took another 15 mins; when they brought the popcorn in 3 mins). Not trying be mean, I would just prefer to get my food instead. With the great Groupon deal and the proximity of the theater to where I live. I will be back.
2	Food is mediocre but the popcorn is awful. This is the only theatre that serves extremely salty popcorn. How do they manage to ruin popcorn?? Servers are a mixed bag. Few are good, others are sleepy. Don't go here for the food.
1	Not such a great experience last night. Main problem is that our food order never came. We ordered from the section of the menu that had two entrees and an app. The popcorn and one of the two sodas came, but that was it. When we brought it up, the server said that he'd take it off the bill. No apologies or anything else to smooth us over.  I kind of thought that there would be no bill, but they charged for one soda.This is the third time that I've experienced a technical problem there. This time, the center channel woofer buzzed. Same as several months ago when we saw  another movie. A couple of months before that, it was yet again the same problem in another theater.Finally, the bathrooms are horrible. The men's restroom in the lobby had smelled like piss every time I've been.We're not sure whether we're coming back.
5	When I first heard about a movie theater that served you food during the movie, I thought it would be a recipe for disaster. But after going there, I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! The servers don't even get in the way and the food is so so good! The seats are so comfortable and everything is pretty close to perfect. I can't wait to go on dates here, I know this will be a great spot!
5	Great prices and great food. Comfy chairs and constant service. What more do you need at the movies! Not as fancy as IPIC but for the price I find more value here than anywhere else. Also nice that I can always find a groupon for half off!
2	The sound for the movie was amazing and a groupon made the movie price worth it. The service was just ok. We got food that wasn't ours and at one point I ordered a refill and it took ten minutes and then they brought me 3! There is something broken in their line of communication for sure. The quality of food was terrible. The hamburger bun was hard and chicken was rubbery. The popcorn was stale, although we never ordered it someone literally ran by and dropped it off before we could ask why this other item was being dropped off. The portions were small especially for the quality and the price. I don't think we will return. A good old fashion night out with dinner at a separate restaurant and then a movie is the route we will take in the future.
5	One of the coolest movie theaters I have ever been to! Service is great, food is great, and prices aren't bad. I had chicken fingers and they were awesome! Make sure you bring a jacket it can be a little chilly!
2	This was my first time at a Studio Movie Grill.  The movie experience inside the theater was fine.  However, the restroom facilities were awful.  I visited 2 different ladies' room and they were both unkept.  They should consider getting complete automatic restrooms.
5	This theatre offers great movies, great prices (group a normally available) with decent food. Try to get an actual seat instead of the rolling office chairs. Great concept and makes for a fun afternoon or date night!
4	Coming on and off during the middle of the week is the best way to see a movie with kids
3	I really wanted to see "How To Train Your Dragon II" and the iPic didn't have a showing. Wanting a similar experience, my husband and I decided to try Studio Movie Grill. Since I had never been to SMG previously, I had to rely on Yelp reviews in determining the best seats. After my decision was made, I went online and ordered tickets the day before. When I made my purchase, it appeared that only two other seats that were taken. I was under the assumption that the theater would be dead.When we arrived the day of the show that was the complete opposite. The parking lot, the entrance, and the actual theater were bustling. Families were waiting in the lobby, eating food, and having a good time. Inside the theater, we found our seats and found ourselves trapped between two different families and their children. (Yes, I realize we went to see what is generally thought of as a "kid's movie".)As the previews played, my husband looked at the menu and decided on ordering food. When no waiter came by to take our order, he pressed the red button and within 5 minutes a waiter showed up. We both ordered water and my husband ordered the coconut chicken/shrimp lunch option. Our waters arrived just as the movie had begun playing and about 15 minutes into the movie the food arrived. The food was okay - nothing special. Average French fries - some were crispy other were limp. The chicken was okay and I didn't try the shrimp. My husband agreed everything was just okay. When we were finished, the dishes sat a while before a waiter came by with the check and took away the dishes. Overall, SMG pales in comparison to the iPic on all fronts. Yes, it is a slight upgrade from "regular" theaters and it's nice you can order food instead of the standard popcorn and such. However, they have this funky setup inside the theater. The rows alternate between two distinctly different types of seating. One row is an elongated desk with office chairs (literally office chairs). The next row contains seats that have trays that swivel in front and to the side. (The material is similar to the leather of office chairs as well.) These chairs did not lean back and were a little disappointing. Needless to say, we did not sit at the desk/office chair row and I didn't see any other folks sitting there as well. I think SMG needs to rethink this and replace those rows with more comfortable seating.The only other thing this place has going for it is the location. It's relatively close to my work/home and has ample parking. Plus, there are several over restaurants nearby in case you are hungry before/after a show. I can't say I will definitely be back but it's an option. I like having options.
2	I got a deal through groupon for $5.  when I walked in the theater, I was surprised that some of the chairs were leather with trays and others were office chairs at a counter.  normally the ticket prices are $9.50, so I cant imagine paying that much for an office chair.  the food was ok, not great.  I had ordered the adult milk shake which was decent and had ordered a strawberry daiquiri which was way too sweet, but was large.  I also ordered chocolate chip cookies, which were alright. a little doughy and you get 4 in an order.  I would stay away from the food and bring your own in. food was overpriced and not tasty.
2	Not impressed. I actually walked out. I want to think I am not high maintenance, but maybe I am lying to myself.I used a Groupon promo to get $5 tickets.I paid the extra $1.50 per ticket to reserve seats with the tray tables.We were in the back row. The "counter" seating in front of us was barely angled much lower than us so we were staring at the back of the heads of the people in front pf us. If we stayed, we would have been twisting and turning to see the whole screen.We ordered some drinks and some items off the 2/$25 menu. The shared app of chicken nachos came. They didn't bring plates to share. yes, I could have buzzed to get some, but makes sense if sharing, they should have brought to begin with.While adjusting myself in my seat I had the unfortunate experience of touching the lower area of my lounge chair - gross - it was so sticky. The tray table was kind of gross as well.The chicken nachos were served in a bowl and after digging in, found a soup of grease in the bottom.So just before the movie was to start I decided I had enough of the bad view, sticky seats and greasy slop. Never again.
1	Food is way overpriced and terrible.We've tried the food at this establishment 3 times. No more chances for you SMG The first time we ordered chicken fingers & fries the chicken fingers were cold and the fries were hot. The next time we ordered food again and we figured "lets give it another chance" maybe they changed their cook, but we had the same experience again, the chicken was not cook all the way and it was cold in the middle. Their pizzas taste like the old party pizzas I used to eat as a kid that cost 99cents but this one costs $11Don't waste your money! eat somewhere else before you come.The last time we were there we decided to watch Transformers which always has great special effects and sound. The sound in the theater (theater #5)was terrible there was a speaker that was damaged and it was rattling the whole movie totally ruined the movie, My husband was ready to walk out.So if you only want to see a drama where quality sound does not matter and only want to drink I guess it would be OK.
1	I am a former employee writing this review anonymously to not be targeted at by the Studio Movie Grill. First, the PROS: Front of the house mgmt works really hard and knows how to really manage the place and keep customers happy; the only thing is the bathrooms. Always filthy. Note to mgmt - Make someone clean them at least every 2 hours. Its disgusting and disrespectful to the paying customers.     Next: CONS: Kitchen Management is the worst I have ever seen...ever. Employees are mentally abused on a daily basis and consistently yelled at through the whole work period. We worked really hard with getting food orders out on time with no breaks during the whole work period. The "F" word is thrown around by every single person in the kitchen hundreds of times everyday. When you're running back and forth by the door you can hear it. It is a very hostile work environment and many labor laws are being broken here. Also when I was running the food I saw a big fat COCKROACH; and I don't mean the ones you see in your home. I've never actually seen them in food, but have seen a few during my 6 mo employment, skitter across the floor. On the bright side, I haven't seen any in the theaters that I've delivered food to. I quit working here because it was disgusting. There is no sanitation in play in the kitchen. 15-20 kitchen workers and only 4-5 wear gloves. THAT'S RIGHT, WHEN YOU ORDER FOOD GUESS WHO HAS THEIR HANDS ALL OVER IT. Cross-contamination exists here. Food Poisoning is extremely high. The cooks grab raw chicken, burgers, chicken tenders, nachos, fries, cheese, and all of the fixings all with their bare hands that are NEVER washed during the whole time they are there. Ever felt sick after you ate? This is probably why. The Health Department needs called and this business needs to be reported to the Better Business Bureau. This place needs new kitchen management that knows what sanitation is.  Also, the dish machine is broke so everything is half washed. You're lucky if the dish comes out clean. 35% of the dishes in this place is dirty. Hate to be the bearer of bad news but I'm very customer oriented and no establishment should  EVER put their customers at risk.
1	Projector was horribly out of focus(we do screening rooms for a living so it's not that I forgot my glasses)) - notified the server who sent the manager over - told him the same thing and as assured they would address it.   Watched the whole movie out of focus - will not return.
5	This place is so fun and makes for a very enjoyable movie experience. We had a groupon to go, buying the tickets online and selecting the seats made it very easy when we arrived. Our waiter was very attentive and food and drinks arrived quickly. One of our best experiences going to the movies. It's about a 45 minute drive for us but we will definitely be back soon!
4	Went for a late afternoon matinee. The theatre is kind of small so if your looking to sit far away from people, you better hope nobody shows up for your movie. The sound system is great and that is a plus in drowning out people trying to figure out what to order halfway through the flick. You should sat as far as you can from the entrance near the other side of the wall so the servers don't disturb you 100% of the time. I didn't use the button because if you get into the movie early, they will just come over and take your order. I got a draft beer for about 5 bucks and change after tax and I sat in the non office chair seats. Nobody sat in those, so I'm not sure why they are still there. Still old fashioned and want dinner and a movie, but will try some coconut fingers next time at least for the novelty factor.
3	Overall, mediocre at best. The seats aren't very comfortable even though we had a couples booth. The service is great but I prefer the more comfortable and intimate Esplanade. The food isn't anything special and I'm pretty sure they serve cheap wine.
3	Enjoyed the mudslide milkshake and the service was fine, but the popcorn was very disappointing. You would think that such a fancy theater could at least master classic movie popcorn, but no such luck!
3	Cool concept. Shitty Food. Comfortable seating. That is about all I remember about this place. The theater was nice and it was cool for everyone to have their own call button to have employees bring you food. The only problem is that the food was subpar. I mean it is a movie theater so what do you expect, but still.  This place is constantly on Groupon. If you want to check it out at least get a groupon so you don't commit a lot of money to an only decent experience. Thinking back it could have been a better experience if I wasn't stuck watching some movie where Channing Tatum is the main character of a romance movie. Spare me.
3	Food is alright, not great.  Service a little better.  Seats are comfy and concept is cool.  Worth it if you don't wanna pay the price for other dine in movies.  The last time we went, we hadn't gotten our food and it was already about half way through the movie.  The place was packed so I wasn't concerned but my 4 year old was complaining, so I figured I'd ask.  They were very nice about it, and I wasn't even looking for anything more than just to get my food soon, but they comped our meal so that was great.
5	Very friendly staff, with the exception of the girl at the ticket office. Seats were very comfortable.  Overall a nice ambiance with personable attendees who were very sweet to us. I had the ice cream sundae, which was DELICIOUS. Will definitely be back to visit!! Great experience
1	My wife said we are going to see a movie and you can get lunch while you watch the movie. Sure, great our son wanted to see planes and its been a while since I saw movie with my son. I ordered the coconut chicken tinders and they were terrible. I used to work in the kitchen and you can taste when the deep fryer oil has not been changed out and what happens is everything then tastes the same. It was overcooked, the sweet potato fries were soggy and my drink was watered down. Walls are thin and you can hear the other movie room next to yours and it ruins the experience. My son sat in the middle and didn't notice but his mac and cheese came out and it was super salty. He tasted it and said Daddy this does not taste right. I tasted it and called the staff over only to be told, if we get him something else he will only come out 10 mins before the movie starts. I stopped being charming at that point and gave them a new order and that order came out cold and didn't mix well with the Ice cream my wife ordered for them. The seats are stiff and you can't really get comfortable in them and the other seats are office chairs with long desks in front of them where they pay a little less but I'm guessing the food still sucks. There is 1 bathroom for the guy and 1 for the gals. In the guys room there are three stand up urinals and 1 stall. Whoever designed this place had no concept of math at all. For the girls room the line went out door and curved around. My daughter almost didn't make it but a few women said go ahead of us. 1. Bad food2. Bad service3. Bad bathrooms4. Bad seats. Not a bad movie for a 6 year old child. My son really liked it.
1	Matthew is the worst bartender and extremely rude. When asked to speak to a manager he was just as disrespectful. Ordered the pop corn and it was stale, over priced, and cold. Ordered  two bud lights and a vodka lemonade and it was $23. There was not a full pour of vodka in the drink and asked for another one he put half a shot in and charged an extra $8. This is horrible customer service and we will not be back.Oh my goodness. The waitress threw the check presenter at me and WALKED AWAY. After I was sitting there watching the movie. Sorry sweetie that was extremely disrespectful.
5	Stopped in to see Guardians of the Galaxy at Studio Movie Grill in Scottsdale, AZ. They honored 2 Groupon vouchers that actually expired 10-13-2013. Wow! It's a very nice atmosphere and the pricing of the movie tickets and specially the menu are very reasonable. There is a bar while you wait for your movie to begin or take advantage of ordering any drink while inside the theater.  The seating is very comfortable and the ability to call your waiter, at the touch of a button is more than accommodating. I thoroughly enjoyed this theatre and will definitely return. I highly recommend anyone to check it out!
2	Meh. Basically describes it. Food, service, and drinks are all mediocre. I tried a Daiquiri and it was disgusting, I'm pretty sure it was just rum with  a few strawberries and NOTHING else. The computer chairs are terrible to sit in and awkward if on a date, I'd recommend booking online or going early to get the lounge chairs with trays.However, even those are not the most comfortable. I go back purely because they have a lot of Groupons, probably to draw in more business as I see and agree the reviews aren't very good. I'd recommend AMC Esplanade over Studio Movie Grill or even IPic if you are looking to dine while you watch a movie.
3	If your looking to go see a cheap movie and get drinks then this is a cool place to go. The foods not the greatest but there aren't many dine in theaters in the valley that won't drain your wallet! The seats aren't the most comfortable but they have good daily drink specials and usually always have a groupon for tickets! Also if you have time to spare before the movie then I would recommend sitting at the bar and grabbing a drink and appetizer first! Eric was the bartender when I went and he was great!
4	I just love this place!!!  It's quickly becoming my Friday night spot for fun & food....and drinks! Lol
4	Great place to see a movie. Big comfortable chairs, assigned seating, and service at your seat. They offer a full bar, and an assortment of food from full meals to your typical movie theater fare. It's like your living room with a staff to take care if you.
4	A luxurious movie going experience! We were in the area and needed to waste a few hours before an event, so we grabbed the groupon ($5/movie) and went inside. The lobby is HUGE and you aren't bombarded with the smell of popcorn upon arrival (pro or con? I'm not sure...). You choose your seats, so I can see how getting their late, or going to a newer movie might lead to some anxiety of not getting the seat you want. You can reserve online ahead of time. The menus were nice - lots of options. I was most impressed with the daily specials (ie. Wed/Sun $10 all you can eat pizza - say what!?). Milkshakes and 2 for $25 meals were also appealing!Lost a star for the chairs being so darn uncomfortable and the fact that you have to smell whatever your neighbor ordered for dinner through the entire movie (sorry, I'd rather just smell popcorn, at least I know what I'm getting). Overall I'd highly recommend if you want a unique date night idea or if you want to enjoy dinner and a movie simultaneously.
3	I went here on a Monday night and watched Tombstone with my boyfriend. The seats were okay not so comfortable. We ordered a dessert which was very good and ordered a burger and fries which was alright. I just didn't like the uncomfortable seats.
1	awful, popcorn is the worst.  Cannot enjoy movie at all because people are  ordering during the movie and waiters are making noise constantly going back and forth and  up and down.   The smell of the food and hearing people eating and drinking, placing  orders is annoying.
5	I'm shocked at the low reviews here.  I absolutely LOVE SMG.  The seats are great, although the "office" rows with the rolling chairs and counter are less preferable.  The theaters are small and the chairs are wide, so I never feel like I am being crowded by people to my side, in front, or behind.  If I'm going to a new movie with lots of hype or going on a holiday or other popular time, I reserve my seats ahead of time so there is no stress.  We almost always sit in the back row.The staff have been wonderful every single time I have been to SMG.  That includes the ticket sales staff, the bartenders, the ticket takers, the wait staff, and the management.  I have never encountered anyone rude, but I believe you get back what you put forward, so maybe the complainers should look internally.I've been to iPic, and yes, that is more luxurious, but at triple the price, no thanks.  SMG deserves all the support our community can give it.  I never want to go back to a traditional theater.  What's not to love about a place that let's me push a button and have a glass of wine delivered right to me!
1	Until last month I had nothing but good things to say about this place. I mean who wouldnt like a theater where they have a menu where you can order while you watch the movie, waiters, alcholic beverages and they bring the popcorn to you! But an incident happened that has me never wanting to go there again. I was there with my girl, girl's sister and my girl's son when all of a sudden a worker comes and accuses us of having a dog with us and said that we needed to put the dog in the car. We told the guy who claimed he was the manager that he could search us and the area we are sitting in, which he did and didnt find any dog but he still insisted that we had one because a worker of his had supposedly seen one. It seems like this area is racist because we were the only ones in the theater who were not caucasian and they just simply made something up to get us out of there. They refused to give us a refund and kicked us out for something that wasnt even true. Dont waste your time at this unprofessional and potentially racist establishment. Never have i had such a horrible experience at a theater before.
1	Studio Movie Grill is a serious thumbs DOWN!!!  The seats are ridiculously uncomfortable and if you get stuck in the "rolling office chairs" you might as well leave!  Sitting in those to watch a movie for 2 hours is torture!!!  I was excited walking in because the lobby area is nice BUT then we went into one of the theaters and I was appalled....you might as well show a movie in your office conference room...BOOOOO!  Never never never again.
3	O.k., so I finally went to SMG. The lobby area is beautiful, very relaxing and hip. When I went into the actual theater, it was cool to see how spaced out you are from the person in front of you or behind you but not so happy to see how close you are to the person you're sitting next to if you are in the office chairs (you'll know what I mean when you see them or if you've been to SMG, you'll know exactly what chairs I'm talking about.) I suggest getting the leather chairs that have your table attached to them.The food was o.k., the burger was meh but the coconut chicken and sweet potato fries were killer.SMG, please please please change how you plate your burgers, it's hard to see anything when your burger and fries are placed into a bowl that isn't fit for them. Just put them on a regular plate.Also, I felt bad for the person who got seats next to where the servers put their serving trays at. Talk about annoyance, especially when you're trying to watch a movie. I felt bad for the person in front of me who had to deal with that issue during the movie.The PRO to SMG is the prices for their movies and the concept of having food sent to you while watching is awesome.
5	Love, love, LOVE SMG. My boyfriend & I live nearby and we go to the movies a lot. Few times a month and we haven't been to another movie theatre since we've discovered SMG a few months ago. The food is great, the drinks aren't as strong as most bars or other restaurants but still are good. The chairs are amazing! So big and comfy! If you choose a huge leather chair you can put up the arm rest between you and your partners, creating a couch. The tickets cost just as much as others, so why not choose a movie theatre that serves food & drinks while watching a great movie?!
1	I am another former employee writing this review anonymously to not be targeted by Studio Movie Grill. I would love to start with the pros of the place, but unfortunately, there are none. By far the WORST work experience (and customer experience, yes I've gone as a customer as not to be biased) I've EVER had. I don't even know where to begin with the pathetic, joke of an establishment this is.I guess I'll begin with the self-absorbed, careless teenage scum they hire. From Day 1, my "trainer" didn't know jack themselves, and they're supposed to be training me? Every single employee gave me the unfriendly "newbie" vibe, as pleasant as I was with them. None of the trainers cut me ANY slack, and only treated me in a condescending way. Not to mention the rumors I overheard of other employees coming to work stoned and spitting in unfriendly customers' food. Also, employees sneak kitchen food when the managers aren't watching. I want to emphasize that the women are especially catty and clique-ish. They're obviously only working there because they need the money. When I went as a customer, big surprise; they were still not friendly and the server was rude.Also, employees are mentally abused (really stupid concept; serving food in a loud, dark theater) and consistently yelled at through the whole work period. Cursing and rude comments are slinged around the kitchen like no tomorrow. Employees are given NO breaks (there's not even a break room) and it overall feels very hostile. I agree with the other former employee's review that this place breaks MANY labor laws.The management was pretty fair to me and they do try to make customers happy, but they are very disorganized. After quitting my job, I didn't get my final paycheck for MONTHS after I quit. Professional.The food is greasy and is sure to give you a stomach ache, especially since no gloves are worn by kitchen staff and sanitation is practically non-existent there. That's right, the chefs touch raw meat, then touch everything else in the kitchen like toppings and drinks. I also saw a COCKROACH in the kitchen. After being alarmed by it, my trainer said, "oh yeah, those hang out around here sometimes", like it was no big deal. The Health Department needs to be called and this business needs to be reported to the Better Business Bureau. This place needs new kitchen management and general staff (maybe not immature teenagers?)Also, it was my (and other employees') responsibility to keep restrooms clean! I was a food server, so before serving your meal, I unclogged toilets without wearing gloves (since they weren't made available)! That's right; very sanitary!I highly recommend you read this review on SMG from another former employee as I agree with all of it 100%. http://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-movie-grill-scottsdale?hrid=Q223yBY-S1CCor0YWAUx4QAnyways, thank you for reading my honest review about what a terrible, "premiere", snobby excuse-of-a-movie-theater SMG is. Stick to Harkins.
1	I had such high hopes for this place!  We decided to take the kids out for a fun evening and what would be better than dinner and a movie!  Too bad we all ended up with bad stomach aches!  I don't want to get too graphic but my husband was in the bathroom all night!  SMG, you really need to address the situation in the kitchen before your place ends up shutting down.  We definitely won't be back to this place!
5	This is by far my favorite movie theater. We head here Atleast once a week as a group of 6 and it's always a good time. Food is great, drinks; although a bit pricey (if not on happy hour), always made well and Come on, watching a new movie while eating a burger and well drink- can't ask for more. Also always a groupon for a $5 ticket!!5 STARS Yelpers!
4	My star rating is based in the fact that this theatre-meal place is cheaper than all the others in the valley.  The food is pretty good but to have know what to order.  The coconut chicken is delicious!  The pizza is not that great.  Their adult milkshake is yummy!  Reserve your seats before you go as you don't want to get stuck with the office chairs
4	I have really enjoyed all of experiences at SMG. It is not "luxury" but you get what you pay for. It is extremely affordable, the service is always great, and the food is good. The seats are not too bad, just comfortable enough. I would recommend you go and try out SMG for yourself, I don't think you would be disappointed.
4	I really like the concept of SMG and I like its more relaxed atmosphere over iPic.  There are a couple of issues I have with the way it is set up for a movie going experience.I find it odd that the counter seats are not much lower than the normal seats (with the desk like trays), so if you want to sit in a normal chair, you are inevitably going to be looking at the back of someone's head on the lower part of the screen.  The design could have been much better.  I still choose to go here so when I see a movie opening day, I dont have to get to the theater two hours early.Our servers seemed quite annoyed every time we needed something though.  I thought that was the point.  I dont like feeling like I am a bother when these are the services that I am paying for.Additionally, the bartender outside the theater was just plain bad.  She wouldnt make eye contact with us, and when there were only 6 other people at the bar it took her 15 minutes to get over to us.However, all in all I like the cleanliness of the theater, the services it offers, and generally have a good experience. I know there is not much that can be done about the questionable seating in the theater, it is just something to be aware of.
5	I love this place. The food is good and not overly expensive like other movie/restaurant establishments. But the service is over the top exceptional.
5	I have to say this is the best place to enjoy family movies, a girls night out movie, date night and more.  The price is great and you can order food and drinks directly to your seat!  I have to say this is one of my families favorite places!
2	We bought a groupon to this theater. The movie was great ("Gone Girl"). The seating is like a lecture hall with nice business chairs. The food was mediocre. The chicken nachos were like a salad, the burgers were sugary and the fries tasted like they'd been sprinkled with cinnamon, sugar, and salt. Very odd.
3	I had 4 Groupons which were expiring in 1 day, so a double feature was in order.The ticketing area and front lobby are nice, clean, and sleekly modern.  The young lady at the ticket counter was nice and patient as I tried to coordinate end times for one movie with the begin times for the next. I also like that I was able to guarantee my favorite movie theatre spot, thanks to their assigned seating. The first movie auditorium was nicely set up and had a comfortable temperature. I didn't have to pull out my jacket, which is rare. The waiters bringing food, etc, were barely noticeable.The 2nd auditorium was bigger, it was cold, and the waiter/staff running the orders were wildly annoying.  No attempts to duck or move quickly through the aisles, and some of them would stand right in front of you, entirely blocking your view. Others were epically failing at trying to whisper while discussing orders/mistakes, etc with neighboring patrons. Also, the set up... I don't know the proper term for when rows are staggered (the next row up being slightly higher), but someone got the equation wrong when building this auditorium. The head of the person sitting in the row in front of me kept blocking my view of the screen, so I kept having to tilt one way or another (of course, that head wouldn't stay still), or I'd just have a blind-spot during parts of the movie. Lastly, I just so happened to pick two LOTR-length movies, so 6 hours later I could feel how uncomfortable the seats were. We didn't get to try their menu during our visit, so I can't comment on their food at this time. Can't say I won't return (I'm a sucker for a Groupon deal), but I have better options, be it dine-in or standard movie-going.
5	The Studio Movie Grill is a great place to go on a date night or as a family. The ticket prices are reasonable and quite often they will run a groupon which reduces the cost of the ticket even more. The food is tasty. On Friday nights, they have a pitcher of margaritas for 25% off and 25% off a bottle of wine. They also have dinner for two specials that include one appetizer, and two entrees featured on the front page of their menu. Any drinks you order are extra and I can say that the ice tea and strawberry lemonade are really good at a cost of $3.50, but they are good sized. The service is impeccable and the employees are friendly and helpful. The seats are comfortable and the theater is kept clean. I would highly recommend checking this theater out for your next movie.
1	It was my first time at SMG, and also my last. It was my last because the chairs are SOOO uncomfortable. Sitting in my car is more comfortable than the stiff office chairs you get. Not impressed. I did not try the food, because I figured if it sucked as bad their chairs, it wasn't worth trying.
1	Went to see the 10:00pm showing on 11/24 of Hunger Games.  On Groupon, they had a deal that was being advertised with a Hunger Games banner, and said, "Buy now and see The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 tonight!"  I bought it... when I got there twenty minutes later the girl said my deal wasn't eligible for the Hunger Games.  I asked her to show me where on my deal it said there were any exclusions as there were none.  The place was empty.  The entire reserved theater was available on the screen, and they turn down legit business.Went to Harkins on Shea instead.
5	My husband & I go here all the time. We enjoy the bar option before the movie, and the food is good. I get the coconut chicken & I love them! We definitely dont leave hungry. Service is awesome, very friendly & polite staff. They do there best to stay quite while the movie is playing. This place fills up fast so some times you have to go in ahead of time to reserve your seats. Definitely a great place for family or a date night.
3	I enjoy coming here...  I like the option of dinner and a movie all in one  place.   The seating  is comfortable  and they have table  service.   Come early to pick your  seat , especially  if it is a first-class  movie.
4	What a great movie house, not only are the tickets the same price as other theaters, but you get to pick your seats.  And they are more than seats, it is a seat with a moveable tray to put food or drinks that can be ordered anytime during the movie. You hardly know that there are others around you. The food is good and everyone who works there is very friendly and helpful. And even with all this eating and drinking going on, the place is clean. Great concept and great execution. It is a drive from my place, but for a special time or movie, I will gladly drive to the Studio Movie Grill.
5	Saw The Hobbit tonight. First time at the theater and loved it. Very comfortable, great service. Will definitely return.
1	Honestly not worth the price. The fpod we purchased was worse then a microwaved meal, also the seating is just like an office chair, no matter where you sit. Not worth the ticket price. Also, every single one of the employees were extremely rude and no one seemed happy to be there. Overall, i will never go back there.
1	Went to a movie on Xmas. Decided to see Unbroken at Studio Movie grill in Scottsdale. Movie was great but it is the last time I will ever go back to SMG. We were among the first in the theater and were almost immediately attended to by a server who took our drink order. Twenty minutes later and after lighting all three flashers (there were five of us) we finally got a server to take our order and oh, by the way, where's the water we ordered? After 40 minutes and queries to two other servers, we finally got our water. Must have had to dig a new well to get it. About 5minutes later our food arrived, ice cold. I had to carry the plates outside t get them attended to and actually spoke with a manager at that time. Fifteen minutes later, food arrives, grilled chicken tenders are still cold (though the fries I did not want were warm) and the flatbread was cool. Finished what we could and $82 dollars later we left at the end of the movie. I left a $12 tip because after all, it was Xmas. Spoke with another manager on our way out who seemed oblivious to what the patrons knew which was that their service was horrendous. Note to self, when we want to see a movie, for now on, we will go to a movie theater and not someplace where they cannot even prepare bar food correctly. The funny thing is that they now lead off with an advertisement that talks about how important the food and service is to them. Don't be fooled, they care only about getting your money and could not care less for the service or quality of their food. You will definitely NOT find me at SMG EVER again. Good riddance to bad rubbish.
3	SMG Scottsdale was a really fun date night. We had counter seats, as I didn't realize you had to reserve seats beforehand, and we got them last minute, but they were still comfy and gave you plenty of room. The staff were all very nice, the service was good, and the theatre clean and comfortable. The atmosphere was quite enjoyable, and having servers in and out throughout never detracted from the movie experience. However, the food was terrible. We got the 2 for $25 deal, which includes an appetizer and 2 entrees. Our chips and salsa came with a tiny amount of very bland, ketchup-y salsa. My husband got the chicken fajita quesadilla which was decent but uninspired. I got the blackened chicken salad, which was not good at all. The tortilla strips that topped it were sweetened somehow and would have been more acceptable on a desert than a salad. The desert was delicious, (Italian cream cake), but only came with a teeny splotch of sauce on the side, enough to look pseudo-fancy but without being enough to taste.Next time we go, we would just get dessert and it would be a lovely date night, just don't go hungry for an actual meal or you may be disappointed.
4	This is my frst time here.and yes I am quite pleased coz you get that what you paid for.though I did not like the food that much.I went there with friends and ordered that 2 for 25 meal.I did not like the chicken florantine pizza at all.the service was impressive. And yes I will come again here to see some kind of movies..
5	This place is awesome! Great place to take a date, hang out with friends, take my niece and nephew to also. Chairs are really comfy, sound system is nice too. Love the dinner and drink options. Burgers were really good and desserts were on point. Staff is always friendly, I'm now a regular visitor to this place!
4	good food and drinks while you enjoy the movie, must chek it out.
