4	In the chaos that was downtown Tempe on St. Patrick's Day, we stumbled upon this recently opened pizza and wine bar.  A few parties were scattered across the restaurant around 6:30pm, but filled in quite nicely as we finished our meal.  The interior is upscale without being stuffy.  Floor to ceiling curtains hide the kitchen, exposed brick walls and mirrored dividers contribute to the intimate setting.  The bar has a large mural of a 16th century woman which somehow remains the focal point of the restaurant without being creepy.  Our server was friendly and gave us plenty of time to be indecisive.  We finally ordered the bruschetta starter ($12) which allows you to pick four out of eight different offerings.  My group settled on prosciutto, goat cheese and spinach, kalamata olive with basil ricotta, caprese, and sausage with eggplant babaganoush.  It's served on a wood cutting board with pitted olives.  This is one of the best starters I've had in a while.  Big thick pieces of toasted bread, cut in two, perfect for sharing over a glass of wine.  The prosciutto and caprese were my personal favorites but all were a definite hit!  We also ordered a couple of Caesar salads ($7 each), which were decent but nothing extraordinary and a little over dressed, and three pizzas ($12-13 each): Prosciutto, fungi and sausage.  The pizzas were good, each combination carefully selected with complimenting flavors.  My favorite was the sausage, served with roasted fennel.   The prosciutto had the right balance of crisp prosciutto, artichokes and capers. These two were a little heavy on sauce for my taste, but it didn't overwhelm the toppings. The mushroom pizza, a white pizza, could have been better by less white mushrooms and more crimini and maybe some chantrels. The wine list is not extensive but carefully chosen and our Paso Robles Cab went well with all our selections.  They were out of the Argentinian Malbec, sigh, it's my favorite.  La Bocca was a delightful change from the rowdy college scene of Mill Avenue, but at a price point comfortable enough for anyone to enjoy.  We'll definitely make a point of stopping in next time we're in Arizona.
4	I haven't been to Arizona since more fingers than I can count. I'm here for an educational conference - but decided to arrive a few days early to scope out the area.After a day of travel and getting settled into my hotel room (review to come later) - I took a shuttle to a section of downtown Tempe called the Mill Avenue District which is adjacent to ASU. My stomach's growling, my blood sugar is dropping as I walk along the street trying to figure out what to eat for dinner. I'm getting disheartened as nothing seems good, then I see the sign for La Bocca. The menu that's posted on the window is limited to pizza, sandwiches and salads - but I'm at the point where I'm starting to drool just by reading the menu.The interior of the restaurant is simply decorated, but luxurious. The only downside (at least for me) was the thumping music - and I really wanted a quiet dinner. I asked to be seated on the patio, but the cacophonous sound of passing traffic made dining less than quiet. Oh well - I was hungry - and no one was going to get in the way of me and food at this point.I ordered the prosciutto pizza - a 10" single pizza with artichoke hearts, fontina cheese and marinara sauce. The pizza was thin crust and a little soggy - but I could taste the freshness of the marinara sauce, which was soooo very delicious! I rounded out my meal with a side green salad which usually doesn't come along with the pizza (only with the sandwiches). So, note, if you want a side salad with your pizza, it isn't on the menu - you need to ask. Although the waitress was kind enough to explain the wine specials, I was in the mood for a beer. So, I washed everything down with a glass of Four Peaks Kilt Lifter (yes, you read that right) amber draught beer which was smooth and rich tasting. You know when you get to that point in a meal that you realize that you just can't eat another bite? I was ready to lie down right there and take a nap.I'm definitely going to sleep well tonight...
4	Wow, this place has been open for just a month and I am the sixth review.  At first I was disappointed with the service, it was a little slow, but it turns out that we got there right before the next shift started.  Our server was very knowledgeable about wines and helped me make a great choice -- I concur with Natalie the pour was generous.  As we were getting ready to leave Bruno, chef and owner came by to talk to us.  He was very friendly (like his staff) and I can't wait for the next visit when I am in the area again.
4	We went to La Bocca with a group of 15 and it was great!  I can see how people are comparing it to Postino.  The concept is the same for sure.  Bruschettas, Salads, Pizza-- you know, that type of food. Our servers were very kind, attentive and handled our party really well.  We ordered prior to arriving and that was a good idea.  It's lighter fare, perfect for light bites and drinkies!And when the bill comes, it comes in this cute little bill folder, not those long skinny ones but a cute little square.  I took a picture of it, I will post it.
3	After working on Mill for ten years I am always happy to have new restaurant choices. I called up a friend and we walked over to La Bocca. The decor is pretty swanky and they have couches out on the patio perfect for cooler weather.I have to agree with the previous review on the Postino's menu rip off, (including the pizza) it is almost exactly the same. That being said the food was decent.  A friend and I shared a pizza with sausage, caramelized onions and mushrooms.  We both were impressed with the wood fire crust, it was pretty delicious. The sangria was so so, it tasted as though the fruit had been marinating a bit too long and was about to go sour. Our service was also good, we were in and out in under an hour, and for noon on Mill that says a lot. This place gets a solid 3 stars. Nothing special, but not too bad.*************UPDATE***********They have no food specials for happy hour! Who are they trying to compete with? Cafe Boa, Mucho Gusto, Bamboo Club?.. Oh no wait those places (all within walking distance) have happy on food. I can understand the sangria not on special.. But a place that does pizza and bruchetta with no food specials gimmeabreak! Next time I'm walking over to Mucho or Boa.. 2 girls, 2 drinks, NO FOOD - over $30 bucks.. Meh - not so happy.
3	This review is for La Bocca's happy hour. My sister was in town, and my husband and I decided it would be fun to go to Mill Avenue and stop by a few places for a drink and an appetizer. La Bocca was our first stop. We sat down at the bar around 6:50 pm (happy hour there ends at 7), and we were thrilled to make it in just in time for happy hour prices (half off of all wine, beer, and mixed drinks). However, even though there was only one other person sitting at the bar and the restaurant itself wasn't super-full, it took our bartender a good 7 minutes or so to even acknowledge that we were there. Even if he were actually busy (which it didn't seem that he was), is it too much to ask that he acknowledge us with a nod or a simple "I'll be right with you"? Ugh, that's one of my biggest service pet peeves. By the time he finally came over to us, it was 6:58. We asked if we were still in time for happy hour prices, which he said we were, although he sounded a little peeved that we even asked. Perhaps that's why he took so long to come over?Anyway, we ordered 3 vodka drinks and the bruschetta sampler (pick 4 toppings from 6 choices for $12). We chose: 1) prosciutto/fig/marscapone; 2) sundried tomato/goat cheese; 3) tomato pesto; and the 4) roasted artichoke. On the positive side, the drinks were mixed quite well and came fairly quickly. The bruschetta was definitely satisfying, but nothing spectacular. The standout flavor was by far the proscittuo/fig/marscapone. The other 3 (vegetarian) were overly salty and/or oily. Additionally, the bread was not nearly crispy enough. The bruschetta sampler was definitely better  and more thoughtfully presented than your average appetizer, but I'm going to hold out for the original dish of this kind at Postino, since I hear that's unbeatable. This one was just ok. We liked La Bocca's airy, bright, and urban atmosphere, and the drinks were good, especially for half-off, but the service and food left something to be desired. As a few reviewers have already said, they really should discount at least one or two appetizers for happy hour.
4	This place has great service and great bartenders. The food is great and reminds me of being home in S.F. small modern Urban Wine bar. Get the Italian Sandwhich and have them put Fresh Mozzerella on it.
2	I like seafood. I like pizza. So I ordered the seafood pizza. Big mistake. I had been waiting about 20 minutes for it when the waitress informed me that it didn't look good, and she'd asked the cook to start over. It didn't look good? What does that mean? Sounded like she was looking out for me, though, so I didn't complain. Well, I don't know what the first one looked like, but it couldn't have been good if it looked worse than the second one, which arriving another 20 minutes later, kind of looked like... soup! Seafood pizza soup. The sauce (1 part tomato sauce / 3 parts water?) was actually dripping off the plate. I tried to pull out a slice and all I got was soggy crust, because all the toppings, cheese included, slid right off and landed with a splash. The shrimp were mushy, like little bad bananas. The squid (I think it was squid, but I don't know that for sure) tasted like pencil erasers. Really Gross (that's right, that's no typo, that's Gross with a capital 'G').
5	The waiter was placing a "They Love us On Yelp" sticker on the door when we walked up....COOL!I've never been a fan of that typical chopped tomato bruschetta.The Bruschetta here Was AAAMMMAAAAAZZIIIING!!! (see pics)They have 6 toppings and you get to choose 4.I chose the Roasted Artichoke, Caprese, Salami  Pesto and the Prosciutto, Fig & Truffled Marscapone...........Let me tell you the salami one I didn't care for the other were very good But Next Time I will Order ALL Prosciutto...UNBELIEVABLE right down to the Chewy toasted bread.I will be dreaming about it from now on I guarantee it!I also couldn't not resist anything with Mushroom and ordered the Truffled Harvest Mushroom Pizza (see pics)It had harvest mushrooms, melted tomatoes, goat cheese, baby spinach, white truffle oil.......WHOA! Scrumdiddlyumptious!I could have easily eaten the whole damn thing, but was nice enough to share a couple slices with my friend who only ordered ...."a salad"One more thing that sounded really good was the Turkey & Brie sandwich (see pics) it had oven roasted organic turkey, brie, fig, apple, lettuce, tomato, ciabatta. Accompanied by your choice of seasonal couscous, house-made coleslaw or seasoned potato chips.I chose the cous cous.Compared to the other mouthwatering delights this sandwich really fell short ,neither my daughter or I really cared for it ......the bread was not even up to par with the other breads we tasted and the turkey was a bit dry. However the Cous Cous Was Fantastic!!! I would love to have ordered just some of that.I will go back for sure.I've never been to Postino so I cant make the comparison like some of the others and I thoroughly enjoyed it so who cares anyway!
3	So I went back to La Bocca. Didn't enjoy my last experience - the service or the food - but with all the other positive Yelp reviews out there, I decided to give them another chance. And I'm glad I did. Because this time was better. Not awesome, but definitely better. Up from two stars to three.Last time I ordered the seafood pizza, which was Gross, which I didn't even see on the menu anymore. Hmmm... wonder what happened there.This time I ordered the Oven Roasted Shrimp and Pesto Sandwich, which was quite tasty. Kind of tasted like bruschetta actually, but with pesto and shrimp. Which was fine with me - I love bruschetta. Bread was lightly toasted, shrimp were plump and juicy. Choice of sides included cole slaw, couscous and chips. I got the chips, and they weren't bad, just your basic restaurant potato chips. My friend ordered the Turkey & Brie Sandwich with the couscous. She enjoyed the sandwich, but not the couscous so much. It was served cold, which I don't think she was expecting.Service was definitely better this trip - friendlier and much more efficient. We were in and out in about an hour. Weird thing was we were the only ones there. I mean, I know it's Monday, but still - only one table between 11 & 12? That can't be good.
4	It's absolutely fantastic to have a good place to go on Mill Avenue to be around other like-minded wine lovers (i.e., those of us old enough to know better than to drink wine from a box). The atmostphere is defeinitely more upscale than typical Mill Ave options, teetering on snobbish but that's part of why I like it. The bruscetta and pizza are pretty tasty but I need to go back and dig a little deeper into both the wine and food menus.
4	We wanted to wear dresses to dinner but we didn't feel like painting ourselves Scottsdale styleWe wanted cocktails but didn't feel like a sloppy, rowdy college bar scene with PBR on tapWe wanted to people watch without looking too creepyLa Bocca was perfect....Delicious bruscetta-Great finger foodPear Gorgonzola salad is wonderful-skip the ChickenThe Bellini was frozen and deliciousThe service was fine-we weren't in a rush so we didn't mind being ignored for awhileGreat slightly swanky spot on Mill Ave...I like
4	I really like La Bocca.  I want them to be my go-to for happy hour, because the decor is just my taste, they are always friendly and the food is good. But when I do go to happy hour, sadly none of the drinks I prefer are ever on happy hour and no happy hour apps. Which is sad cause their buchetta is really good and so are the pizzas, I think I've tried most of the flavors.
1	Someone said this place is like Postinos ... HAHAHAHA, yeah right.If you want to be called 'brother' or 'dude' by an inattentive ASU student who couldn't wait tables to save his life but sounds like he's auditioning to be the next Casey Kasem then off you go.Sorry but this place is a triumph of style over substance.
2	Hmmm, "I've experienced better" does actually sum up my meal but I am loath to leave it at that. ...I must go on! La Bocca is certainly easy on the eyes. A little spot on Mill with a low neon sign, lovely soft lighting, a stunning bar with an enormous reproduction old dutch master painting of a supple young noblewoman looking over the bar crowd. Hip urban art on the walls of the dining room, people's faces lit in low candle lights from the table. Truly what is not to like?...I want to join this lovely party.  I do, with a group of friends on a Friday. It is early and La Bocca is busy but not bustling, their patio is open and the dining room still has some empty tables. I look in at this inviting time and think, this will definitely work. A glass of wine, maybe a pizza, some bruschetta, I could get used to this wine bar so close to home. Ahh, and so soon my bubble was to burst.First, the hostess. Seems a little taken aback by the idea of seating us...a table....for 4....now? K. Turns and looks out on to the numerous empty tables...um, running thru the options, a table...for 4.... We wait, people line up behind us, we continue to wait. Initiative seizes us and   we start moving towards an open table.  I can see the wheels working in her head - people from the outside come inside and they are seeking... seats?...What else will she learn tonight? My bubble is not burst, I am actually unaware of the slippery slide towards mediocre restaurant experience I am headed towards. So, we are seated and we rummage a bit thru the menu, note the artisan pizzas, the bruchetta, the hummus, cheese plate, salads, pretty simple fare. Wine menu is nice and I'm thrilled by the flights. Nothing fantastic that I couldn't find for $12 at CostPlus but still 3 glasses of either white  or reds sounds perfect. Then I notice Sangria...I luv the sangria.. Prepared to order but wait, where is the staff? They pass to the right, they pass to the left..but they never stop. We are told on 2 separate occasions, our waiter, whose name escapes me but after an hour in his company I came to call Dude, was busy. Interesting, the restaurant is not.  We waited a half an hour to put in our drink order...Dude approached us and asked, "So, you ready to get your party on?" Oh, Dude. It is going to be a long night. A round of beers for the boys and the girls split a pitcher of sangria. After our drinks and food arrive, I come to realize why Dude talks the way he does - Okay, let's party! Now, like Dude what can I get you? So, does everyun' get their drink on here? And why,everything seems so faintly familiar... Bcz the bruchetta, the sangria, and the staff are all courtesy of Applebees. Yes, the toasted Safeway french bread loaf with the jarred olive tapenade, the canned tomato spread and the artichoke spread would make any Applebees fryline cook weep with joy over its mediocrity. The sangria came in a sexy tall pitcher with what  appeared to be pre-chewed apples floating at the top and tasted like grape juice with an applesauce floater - a tribute to a cheap rip off of a classic. There were some high points. The hummus was fresh and the pita chips were nicely oiled and toasted. The Perrone beer was on tap and great. The pizza - I have no complaints and its high points are that it was not the bruchetta. So, La Bocca you are really good lookin' but you need to figure out what it takes not to be the Applebees of wine bars, we have enough of those.
5	Bruschetta, Bruschetta, Bruschetta! + Dinner with a Movie?!Their "planks" of bruschetta are delicious. We picked out four different types with all different attitudes. My favorite was always like a dessert. Prosciutto, sliced figs, mascarpone cheese, and white truffle oil. This was amazing, it was sweet and creamy with the fig and mascarpone, and salty with the cured prosciutto. Another one of my favorites was the Sun-dried Tomato and Goat Cheese. Whoa, again the combination of ingredients was just wonderful. The Sun-dried tomatoes were so juicy and sweet, then with melted salty goat cheese and basil on top. Delicious!The "bruschetta planks" are quite filling for two people so we moved right onto the pizza. We heard the pizzas were excellent, and that was spot on. We split a Truffle Harvest Mushroom Pizza. It was awesome combination of ingredients, (olive oil, tomatoes, goat cheese, mushrooms, and a baby spinach) The spinach was really interesting, they tossed it in a vinaigrette and laid it on top of the pizza. Honestly, I think we came on the perfect night (Sunday), our bottle of wine was HALF OFF! That came as a pleasant surprise, but then I guess they were doing a new thing on Sunday evenings where they turned the lights down and started a movie on their giant projection screen! Casablanca was the movie that evening. Our server told us they play a different film every week. Everything for classics (Casablanca), to comedies (Wedding Crashers). We stayed for the whole film (like everyone else) and was very happy with the feeling of the place. Thanks La Bocca!I am definitely coming back for another Sunday Movie Night!
3	You know, for a wine bar on Mill Ave., this spot wasn't too bad. I admit I was skeptical when a friend brought me here, but I was pleasantly surprised. The reverse happy hour (10-midnight) features half off wine by the glass. The list isn't terribly impressive but a $3.50 glass of malbec is always a beautiful thing. I live right off of Mill in Tempe, so the convenience factor for me is what makes me grin. We relaxed in the comfy sofas under the watchful gaze of the infamous painting, then walked over to Casey Moores after they closed up at midnight. I suggest you do the same.
2	I was soo wanting to like this place...Hottie boyfriend came home one night and said "hey, I saw this cool wine bar on Mill that didn't play techno music or look too pretentious..."Sweet I thought so we went a few days later. Only a few tables were taken late on a Saturday night, we were in luck (so we thought). Waitress was decent but didn't enlighten us as to the fact that they had flights of wine. Fortunately I did not experience the "dude" guy I've read about in other posts but I don't doubt he's alive and well there. Let's fast forward with the server/patron banter so I can save you the agony...We tried a Chilean wine that was amazingly dark, thick, and chocolatey. The bruschetta got us hook line and sinker with all the amazing flavor combos like fig-prosciutto-marscarpone...but I thought bruschetta was toasted bread? Maybe it's like the Wendy's breakfast commercial and panini really does mean eggy-bacon-boat...but I digress. So we got  the bruschetta and I wanted to pretend like I was 9 and scrape of the toppings and not eat the stale un-toasted bread. But wait - the final piece was toasted and actually warm...and it wasn't that bad. I really wanted to like this place - it's a perfect people watching spot on Mill (itself worth the price of a glass of wine). We had a good time despite the food but I'm not sure I can get into cold untoasted bruschetta, no matter how hard they try to dazzle you with fancy schmancy topping-bling.
4	I've really enjoyed the pizza, the bruschetta and the salads at La Bocca.  Being right on Mill Ave gives you people watching opportunity and access to an interesting wine selection.  The service has gotten better and our waiter at least tried very hard to keep us happy (and our drinks filled).  What makes La Bocca great for Mill Ave. is that it isn't the bar food that seems to have taken over the street, but interesting dinner choices in a great atmosphere.
4	I've been to La Bocca a handful of times now, mostly because its one of the few "nicer" options on Mill.  Because of that it is getting a 4th star but the food and drink only warrant 3. Lets just call La Bocca what it is...it's  a starter wine bar for college kids. The wine list is less than impressive and anyone that actually enjoys drinking wine wouldn't settle for a wine bar with a wine list that is dominated by wine from California. Yes, names like "Little Black Dress" are cute but this isn't a quality selection. But the kiddies have got to start somewhere when they are learning about wine and that is the purpose of La Bocca. As far as the food goes...well... the Mediterranean salad is good. Get that. I can't say that I would suggest the bruschetta. The flavors are lacking in creativity and they are often poorly constructed. The pizza is ok, but like I said, stick to that salad. Should you find yourself on Mill you could do much, much worse. If you are looking for a wine bar in the vein of Postino, Cheuvront, or Tapino, think again. You are on Mill after all.
4	La Bocca was on my radar since it opened earlier this year... I cannot believe how long it took me to finally get there, but it was worth the wait.  I went with a group of four on a Monday night.  (1/2 Price Bottles of Wine from 5pm - close on Mondays; needless to say, we took advantage of that special!)We let my friend Anthony do the ordering since he'd been many times before and he also has a vested interest of sorts... We started with two salads: the prosciutto, zucchini, and artichoke (my favorite) and the goat cheese and pear... also quite tasty.  You can't go wrong with either one.  We then had the truffled harvest mushroom and the spiced pepperoni pizzas.  Yum!  The thin crust and the combination of fresh ingredients on both of them were perfect!  Along the way, owner Julian Wright sat down with us to share some wine and conversation - he's fantastic!  While he was completely engaged in talking to our group, I could tell he was also constantly surveying the restaurant to make sure all was running smoothly.  Every patron that walked in the door received immediate attention including our group.  Our waitress was sweet and I liked that she gave some attitude back to Jared when he was joking around with her.We had a blast on top of a great meal and ended up staying for hours enjoying  two bottles of wine (maybe more than that as I lost track) during that time.  One of them was a La Crema Pinot Noir, but I think we had a merlot as well and maybe another Italian Red.  I guess I'll have to go back and take notes next time.  Another reason to return will be to try the brusschetta - it sounds amazing.  I have a feeling it won't take me as long to return to La Bocca as it took for me to get there in the first place.  You can't go wrong at La Bocca if you're looking for pizza, salad, wine, and all in a warm, welcoming atmosphere.  Check out their other daily pecials too - I know I will!
4	I went to La Boca two night in a row, Sunday/Monday, when I had to be in Tempe.  The first night our party of six were enjoying our pizzas when I casually mentioned that we'd ordered one pizza without mushrooms and some had found their way unto it.  Within a a couple of minutes the manager was at our table with an apology and an offer to comp a couple of deserts.  Geez, it was just an errant mushroom!  In fact, the pizza here is very good and they clearly go the extra mile in trying to accommodate their customers.I was please enough to return the next night with my wife and share a Margarita pizza (which is very good).  Wanting something sweet to finish off our meal, we opted for the chocolate mousse.  While it may not have been the ultimate dessert it was quite good and we enjoyed several bites before deciding we'd had enough to satisfy without adding unnecessarily to our growing waistlines.  Seeing we'd only eaten a bit, the waitress comped the dessert.  We explained we'd been happy with the mousse and were just full but she took it off the bill just the same.  Now, there are a lot of choices where to eat and a whole lot of pizza joints, but for my money a little extra courtesy goes a long way.  Couple that with good food and reasonable prices and La Bocca is sure to see more of me.
2	I'm sorry, I hate to be a downer, but this place is terrible!!!  I work in Tempe and was sooo excited when a new nice looking place opened on Mill Ave.  For all of those of you who've spent time on Mill, you know it is somewhat lacking in the area of fine dining, or even fair dining for that matter.Anyways, we went there pretty consistently for a while after it opened, mainly because it was new and we were all deathly tired of the same things for lunch every day, and it started off alright.  Alright is literally the best compliment I could give this place.The pizzas and salads were OKAY, the sandwiches pretty gnarly to be honest, and it was all incredibly overpriced.  That said, we are a fickle bunch so "alright" worked for us for a few months. That is until La Bocca took a HUGE slide downwards.  All of a sudden our lunches, that solely consisted of salad and pizza started taking a full hour and a half to get through!  How it takes 90 minutes to shell out a couple of salads and pizzas I will never understand.  As more time passed, our orders were consistently screwed up, the wait staff was terrible, never refilling water/soft drinks or even bothering to come over and explain why after 60 minutes, NONE of our food had come out!After several consecutive trips of service like that, we crossed La Bocca off of our list for good.  It was a bummer.  I had very high hopes for what looked like a cute little pizza/wine bar/cafe at first.  But spending almost $20 at lunch for a salad and pizza that take over an hour when you're one of 12 people in the restaurant?  No thanks...
4	As a happy hour destination, La Bocca is a very good option on Mill. Wine by the glass, draft beer and well liquor (listed in the drink menu) is all half off, as are Bud Light and Coors Light bottles. The bar is nice and service is friendly and attentive. As a dinner option, however, I think you can do better. I am not super impressed with the food I have tried at La Bocca...the caesar salad was just OK and I've had better caprese sandwiches other places (note: the caprese sandwich is no longer on the menu...there is a caprese salad though). Three stars as a dinner option and four stars as a happy hour destination, giving La Bocca 3. 5 stars. However, I'll round up to four because I value places with good happy hour specials; plus La Bocca is a nice addition to Mill Avenue and a good place to escape when you want a more grown up night out on Mill.
4	The Bruschetta Plank at La Bocca was amazing. My favorite of the four I tried was the Salami and Pesto. It was a burst of flavor in my mouth. My second favorite was the Sausage & Babaganoush. Then Prosciutto, Fig & Truffled Marscapone and Roasted Artichoke are tied for third. I also have tried the Caprese which was good, but not extraordinary. It has big slices of basil, which in my opinion could of been left out. Another item I have tried was the Bocca Trio Artisan Pizza. The ingredients were awesome, but I'm a crust person. The crust makes the pizza for me. This crust was crispy and bubbly which are pluses, but I didn't care for the flavor of the crust. Lastly, I had the Tiramisu. It was a cheap dessert that hit the spot. However, it wouldn't make my top tiramisu list. My overall experience was a delightful one. I have no huge complaints. Everything taste good, but if I ever come back, I would just order 2 planks of Salami and Pesto. SOOOO YUMMY!!!
4	Checked out this place over the weekend.  I wanted to sit outside and people watch over good food, at a NEW restaurant.  We always go to our few favorites and I wanted an excuse to Yelp!We went to Mill Ave and settled on La Bocca.  First off I love the name, since it's almost like my last name!  We sat outside until we were too cold and instead took a table in the window inside so we could still people watch.  We ordered two pizzas:  The Margherita and some crazy named pizza with bechamel sauce, bacon and grilled onions.Both were really good.  I only like bacon sometimes and wasn't in a bacon mood that day so I polished off the Margherita while Gary ate the crazy named bacon pizza.  The restaurant is super cute inside too.  You know, I think I had some drinks there on Halloween Night.... It's pretty close to our house so I'm sure we'll be going back there again sometime soon.  I'm always in the mood for pizza!
5	Dude!! So we are still new to town and had a friend of mine come in for the weekend where we had planned on going to Pizzeria Bianco however, after calling to check the wait and hearing 4 hours, we vetoed it almost automatically.... seriously 4 hours for pizza? WTF?? So we head to Tempe and scope Mill looking for somewhere fun where we can have a light meal and prep ourselves for a long Saturday night of mischief.My girl notices LaBocca however at first our party shrugs because the place was nearly empty, at 10 pm, on a Saturday.... not good, especially since I had never even bothered to Yelp the place.After looking at the menu and noticing that the plates look rather tasty and are pretty decently priced we shluff it up on go on in. Our server, Matt, was incredible! he knew the wines almost to a T and suggested a smoked Salmon bruschetta that wasn't on the menu, which may I add was AMAZING. I had the Organic Seasonal Pizza which made my taste buds scream in ecstasy from the fresh, locally grown produce and oh so sweet and tangy balsamic vinigarette, my buddy had a shaved steak sandwich on Chibatta served with homemade potato chips and my girl had a Bacon, Procuitto and caramelized onion pizza which had me and my buddy  fighting like rabid dogs over her leftover crust. What really topped the night was when we found out that we were on reverse happy hour and our tab was only 69 dollars!! I could write on and on about this place and am VERY impressed with the service, waitstaff knowledge and menu selection, if your craving a great fresh meal that is out of this world but don't want snotty people, a pricy tab or a long wait this place has your name all over it! I'll definitely be back!!
4	Another good place. We only had appetizers and a pizza but I enjoyed them all. The pizza crust was tasty and the mushrooms, spinach, truffle oil & goat cheese were a great combo.Would definitely go visit again. Good white sangria too!
5	Our US Air flight home from Cancun was delayed which eventually resulted in an over night stay at the Marriot Hotel in Pheonix, AZ. I got on yelp to find some dinner. My requirements were: vegan friendly, open late and organic options. I hit the nail on the head with my choice. I highly advise La Bocca to anyone looking for a good meal. Possibly the best part about our dinner was our waiter Chris. He was very polite, extremely accommodating to my vegan diet and just an all around good server. I would come back to La Bocca again and again.
4	I have been to La Bocca a number of times, from when it first opened to frankly, when it found its footing and became a place I really enjoyed going. Since the establishment promotes itself as a place for great pizza I place a great deal of importance on that claim. When I initially went the pizza was way too much crust and not enough toppings. Now the pizza is much less crust and more toppings and the quality of the crust has improved significantly. My favorite is the Pepperoni pizza, made with these large slices and drizzled with Queen Creek Chili olive oil, and it is so good. The German style pizza with a white sauce, fennel seeds, and bacon, and a name I am unable to pronounce, is also super good. Now, as for the wine selection, for a wine bar, not so good. it seems like the wine selection could be much broader, especially for a place right down the street from a place like Cafe Boa. On the other hand, when the weather is good, a great place to grab some outside seating, a bottle of wine, and to enjoy some of the finest people watching anywhere in Phoenix (or more specifically, Tempe). Final thought, as a 40 something adult, making a decent income, La Bocca is one of the best places to go for a relaxing evening with friends. It seems that while chain stores are closing unique places like this will continue to grow and prosper and help to create a new and unique environment for Mill avenue (now if someone could just convince Changing Hands bookstore to open up again on Mill).
3	I thought it was a very nice place, but the waiters were bothering us a lot and the food (I felt) was very high priced for the quality of it. I have yet to experience it as a wine bar, as I am not yet 21, so for now I will confine my review to the food and service aspects.
3	After having read several other reviews of La Bocca, I debated on writing one at all. So many of the existing comments accurately describe it, that I wasn't sure I'd have anything left to contribute. It's training wheels for a real wine bar - the wine selection is slim pickin's without much excitement. The bruschetta lacks creativity which is disguised by the fact that you "get to choose" 4 options. The pizza's is mediocre (albeit very good crust) but  decently sized. Realistically, I don't know what I expected from yet another restaurant striving to stand out despite its cliche concept.The reason I write this is because the food doesn't suck and it's worth it to go on Tuesdays during happy hour. Half off wine, beer and most liquors AND it's buy one pizza get one free. It's a great deal and the price more so matches the quality of food. It is a good deviation from chains and not quite as expensive as a quality independent wine bar. Perfect for an early glass of wine on a Tuesday.
5	My aunt and Grandma suggested we take the lightrail to tempe for some lunch. So guess what we did. We walked down Milland we chose to come here. Glad we did! I ordered the Boca pizza with 3 meats. It was definilty a 5star pizza. My wife and aunt both ordered the Italiano sandwich and it was to spicy for both of them. I ate  alittle bit of it. It did have a kick but it was pretty good also. I would definitly come back here for the pizza.
2	Expensive and small drinks (drafts seem to be 12 oz, and wine is sparsely dispensed in interesting glasses with a little bit of red liquid at the bottom). Nice outdoor seating area and a hipster interior. We had dinner there once, but made the mistake to order salads instead of their better looking pizzas. The salads consisted of oily dressing drenched wilted salad leaves-a sad experience-much in contrast to the trendy locale. Bottom line: little value, great looks, eat pizza if you must frequent this place.
3	How do you say WOW backwards?  A girlfriend of mine mentioned that she wanted pizza and I was hesitant because I am a little bit of a pizza snob having had great pies in the northeast.  Why would I look in the southwest for good bread, bruschetta and salads?  Try the eggplant and sausage bruschetta in your medley of four.  I did not have one arrangement that was not amazing on the lips!  I was happy they had a happy hour menu but it meant that you had to sit in a certain area deemed to be the "bar" versus the restaurant.   That was a bit crazy...and now that I remember, I have to remove one star from the rating just because of that policy..silly!Let me say that the ambience is nice and trendy and just cheesey enough to be okay...I mean do you really need a fake digital fireplace reflected on your wall?  No really? Do you?  And who is that woman muralled in the restaurant?    And with all these questions and concerns, I would certainly return since the food is soo tasty.
2	I decided to stop by at this place with a friend of mine several months back-All we can remember was that service was acceptable, food tries way too HARD, and is very expensive for such small quantities- and we've both done extensive traveling and had amazing pizza, this is not it! If your really craving a pizza from a wood-burning oven, I guess this might be your place if all other options are closed!I do give them points for having a nice wine list.
2	Went back again last week, the menu has improved but the service seemed to have gotten worse. Our waitress disappeared for over 20 minutes, after bringing us the wrong check. I was finally able to flag her down and tell her about the check only to wait another 15 minutes for her to return. Nothing ruins a perfectly nice dining experience like a 45 minute wait for the bill...
5	Before I get to review La Bocca, I need to deal with legal "fine print". It's called "fine print" because it will make everything "fine" if you handle it correctly (you'll just have to trust me on this...I am a highly trained "businessman").The "fine print" disclaimer for this review follows:The Beautiful Carin is the sister of Peter, one of the managers of La Bocca. As such, I receive (and, hopefully will continue to receive, as long as we both shall live...it's in our marriage vows:), "special treatment" at La Bocca. That "special treatment" includes: Great Service; Great Food; Great Conversation; Great Atmosphere...hang on...Peter says La Bocca treats everybody that way...crap, I thought I was "special".OK, weasel words out of the way, on to the review. The Beautiful Carin and I wanted to go back to La Bocca for dinner and last night was the night!The beautiful Carin's brother, the Cordial and Talented Restaurateur, Peter greeted us with a welcoming hug (he may or may not do that for you...you'll just have to marry one of his sisters yourself and see), and we sat down.The joint was jumpin'... Friday evening in downtown Tempe always seems to have lot going on. We had Matt as our server and he was friendly and attentive, got us drinks and some outstanding warm olives and crusty Italian bread...I could have made a meal of that alone! I didn't...I needed to build up calories for my work out this morning. Last night, I hadn't eaten anything since the  1/2 chicken and waffle at Lolo's for lunch...I was famished:)We ordered bruschetta...they have a very nice selection ranging from standard tomato/mozzarella to minced Queen Creek olives on ricotta. We had had a couple of these at the OYE last Sunday evening and they were good then and they were good last night!We had a little time as we enjoyed our wine and appetizers and sort of surveyed the room. I was really pretty interested in whether we were getting the friends and family treatment or whether our experience was pretty typical...It seemed like the typical experience. Matt was handling 3-5 other tables, at the same time as ours, and they were all smiling and happy. It was the same story throughout the place...everybody looked like they were having a good time:)Our salads arrived...Carin had the Caprese and I had a Caesar...here's where I figured I was getting the "insider" deal. I like anchovies (I know, go figure:) and Matt asked the kitchen to put some on my salad, since they don't generally do that. I whispered my "thanks" to him, because I didn't want the other diners to become agitated that I was getting something they could never hope to get...but Matt said in a loud voice, "no, anyone who wants anchovies can have them"...another perk, dashed!We ordered 2 pizza's...the Porko (pulled pork, caramelized onions and serrano peppers...tasty and spicy) and the meat something (I don't always remember the names, but 3 meats, olives and I added serrano's to that one...yum:)Nicely done pizza's...hot and gooey cheese, fresh and high quality toppings, crispy with a just a little blackening around the edges. Plenty to eat and we had leftovers to take home!Finally, we did dessert at La Bocca last night (last time I was here, my "offsite" dessert experience, while memorable, was less than a complete success:)They make a chocolate brownie with liquid chocolate/espresso center. They put ice cream on top and drizzle it with caramel...and crack, apparently. I was just going to have a bite...I hoovered this thing down so fast I think I embarrassed my sweet beautiful and indulgent wife (who did manage to get a bite or 2 of the dessert, but not much more). In spite of the spoon and napkins, I still looked like a 2 year old with his first soft serve chocolate ice cream cone.So, what's the upshot...Peter, I hate to say it, but even if you never work another day at La Bocca, I'm going back...often. In the meantime, I expect some special treatment the next time I go in! If you want special treatment, you need to go find one of Peters other marriageable sisters (he has 14 of them) and get yourself in the family...or just go in to La Bocca and tell them I sent you:)And give Peter a hug...he enjoys it...trust me;)
4	Came back to La Bocca last night. The only other time I've been here was  for the Yelp Elite event last Sunday, but after that experience, we knew we'd be back. We told the hostess we were just here for dessert and she sat us at a great cozy table for 2 in one of the corners of the restaurant, which was pretty busy. Our server was really friendly and immediately got our drinks and put in our order for the OMG. Our dessert came out in no time and it was DELICIOUS. ice cream, and melted chocolate with espresso. It was like a gooey brownie. We saw the server who waited on us during the Elite event last Sunday and he said hi. Everyone here is so friendly and attentive. Our server and one of the owners both waited on us. They have relaxed happy hour specials from 11-6:30 pm and live music on Thursdays so we'll be back.
3	I met up with some friends here on a Wednesday evening before seeing Stomp at Gammage.  It was my first time in La Bocca (and first time on Mill Ave. in quite awhile).  I feel like La Bocca fills a void on Mill, and the decent weeknight crowd validated my assumption.The happy hour wine selection was pretty strong, and I enjoyed our bruschetta appetizer quite a bit -- alllllmost as good as Postino.  The pizzas and salad left something to be desired, but did the trick for a quick pre-show dinner.  The atmosphere was quite nice (dig the music!) and bonus points for olives from Queen Creek Olive Company.
3	I've found it surprisingly hard to find a quiet place for a pleasant (read: relatively quiet) late-night hang in Tempe. La Bocca is excellent in this regard. The bar is good and I've liked the pizzas I've had. The Mediterranean Platter is quite good, and most of all you can actually have conversations at this place.There was live music one night when I was there and it was fine. The place has a feel of civilization, which is hard to find on this part of Mill after 9pm.
4	Now this is a place I really enjoyed.  Very relaxing in so many ways.  I sat outside, enjoyed the comfy chairs, and finished up a good book while I waited for my pizza.  I had the Chicken & Spinach Pizza and it was clean, grease free, and very very good.  Top that off with good atmosphere and a glass of wine and I was set.  The personal-sized pizzas are not overwhelming and I didn't feel like a blob on my way out the door.   For all you dieters out there, this would make a great cheat meal....*nudge *nudge
5	In me and my friend's minds, this is the best pizza place in Phoenix metro. I'm surprised to hear that people feel that the food is not good and overpriced and that they have gotten horrible service. The Food:The pizza here is amazing. Top quality fresh ingredients. Anybody who says otherwise probably doesn't have a mature palette. Yes, if you are looking for a standard, greasy NYC pizza, go to slices around the corner. (Which is also good, just different.) However, if you are looking for a fresh meal that you can leave feeling good, go here.The Price:I think this place is well priced for what you get - Fresh Ingredients that complement each other. If you aren't full after eating here and think it is too pricey because of your unfulfilled appetite, I have two things to say. 1. You need to reduce your portions- My husband and I can share a pizza here and be full. 2. You need to understand that price isn't always based on quantity, but quality.The Service:Every time I go to this place, the servers (not just the one waiting my table) are always amazing. In fact, they are so good you would think they were the owner. On top of being prompt, they always are very descriptive and helpful.
4	Went to La Bocca  a few times and enjoyed each visit. Atmosphere is very cool and trendy. Really good artisan style pizzas with bubbly crispy crust and fresh toppings. Mediterranean platter is also very good (hummus, babaganoush with feta, pita triangles and rustic bread) as an appetizer or small dinner with your drinks (I got full of this huge platter). They also have really cool wine deals during their happy hour. Not a good place to go if you want to sit outside on the patio and conversate due  to the very loud and crazy sounding birds along Mill Ave. It's a freaking circus! But if you sit inside you'll be fine.
4	Three weeks ago, I started a review that I haven't gotten to the bottom of yet:)  We were at the Yelp event,failing to pry anything free from the pizza vultures,and decided to just go ahead and order anyway.  I.E.,this is a payed for the food review for the most part. Even though this was a really busy,loud night,our orders came out quickly ,correct and were really tasty.Luckily we caught a free bruschetta plate while ordering so we managed to try all of them by the end of the night by buying those we'd missed. Ordered x 2 personal pizza and the chocolate ice cream dessert.The pizzas are way better on the top than what which supports them but  that's not to say the dough is bad it's just not matching the promise of that which sits above it.. Dessert was the OMG for two a chocolate espresso brownie with vanilla  ice cream. Nowhere near as dense as it sounds or as sickly as it could be.Really well done.Maybe not a fair assessment to make on just one night but I've not been back yet to see how much variation between pizzas there are.Prices fairly reflect the location,interior and the quality of the ingredients being used. I'd go back if in the region, I'd meet people there as a kick off point but I can't say I'd drive from the W Valley just to eat here. ( Isn't that true of Mill Ave in general though?) .3.75 rounded to 4. ( edited for grammar , no other changes)
4	Great pizza, with an ingredient list that is actually fairly unique.  This is also a place to go for build-your-own, if you're into that kind of thing.  I like to experience the chef's creations, so I order from the menu.  Last night I sampled (like I'm going to tell you how much I ate!!) both the truffled mushroom pizza and the bocca trio.  The mushroom pizza was nearly overwhelmed by the spinach, but the truffle oil and the goat cheese managed to shine despite the subtle flavor of each.  I personally believe mushrooms don't taste like anything, they just are, so I can't comment on their quality.  The other pizza, the Bocca Trio, is a bit like a good old-fashioned meat-lovers' pizza from Pizza Hut in that it has three different meats on it.  There the similarities end; the menu name-drops Genoa and Schreiner's as the source of the salami and sausage, respectively, not deigning to attach any adjectives to the pepperoni.  The whole package works fairly well, with the olives and the cheeses and the tomatoes and everything.  One thing I did notice in going back and forth between the two was that there was a quite marked difference in done-ness.  The crust of the Trio was quite charred, while the other pizza had no black at all.  I'm not sure if this was intentional (I thought it was the styles worked for each pizza) or a side-effect of the enormous rush on the kitchen.  I love La Bocca for offering to hold large events, but if the kitchen and staff can't handle the rush, perhaps we need to look elsewhere.  The pizza size seems a bit smaller than elsewhere - I would recommend a hungry couple split three or try a generous bruschetta plate to take the edge off.  For the sweet-toothed, I also sampled a pizza cookie, on which I can't pass judgement, and a very creamy portion of the tiramisu, which I found to be fantastic.  In the end, this place misses out on the fifth star because of the service I've had on two visits.  Granted, no small or even medium-sized restaurant would not be overwhelmed by the groups I was part of, but La Bocca seems to be over-promising, biting off more than they can chew.  The wait staff tries hard, they really do, but the kitchen simply takes too long to get stuff out the door.  I might add the fifth star back if I get a chance to check this place out on a date night when it's more normal.  I think the pieces are certainly all there - I love the vibe of this place.
1	I have heard amazing things about La Bocca's pizza. I was really looking forward to it when an event announced that is where the after party was to be held. La Bocca was offering our group discounts etc...We arrived at roughly 9p and waited and waited for the wait staff to acknowledge us. At this point 35 minutes had pasted. No luck. I approached a waiter and was told "I am not with the Ignite party and can't help you. I will see if I can find someone for you." We waited another 10 minutes and decided to leave. I think 45 minutes is a long time to wait to even see a waiter.
1	I think people generally go to a pizzeria and bar type place for three basic things:1) Food2) Drinks3) ServiceSince I could get neither food nor drink, I can only speak to service.And I think I just did.I am not exaggerating here. I was in La Bocco for an hour before a server approached. While the pizza looked fabulous, I'd heard people talking about getting theirs 30, 45 minutes or more after they ordered. So I opted for a beer.30 minutes after that, with only one fleeting glimpse of the server, I left.Yes, it was crowded. Yes I was there for the Ignite Phoenix after-party. But it's not like it was standing room only, and they had previous notice we were coming.Walking out after an hour and a half to find your car towed (clearly not La Bocca's fault, and not a factor in the one star review) makes for a pretty lousy experience. Too bad, looked like a cool place. But seriously, it's not that difficult to pour a beer.And don't park, ever, on the southeast corner of Mill and 7th street.UPDATE: I just had to stop back by and give props to the owner Julian, who contacted me via Yelp and apologized for my poor experience. No excuses, no fluff. That's commendable, and the right way to do business. I'll have to go back and take him up on that drink offer....
2	I must have sat in the lucky section because we had a fairly attentive waiter throughout the night. It might have helped that one of the people in my section was apparently personal friends with the waiter.  I could see that he was busy so I was a little more patient than I usually am. The problem I have is they knew we were coming. They'd chosen to host the after party for a major Tempe event and still didn't have enough staff. Many people waited a long time for service and some gave up completely. I ordered one of their garlic pizzas and it was nice. A little much for my Little Caesars palate, but I managed to pick off what I think were green tomatoes and the rest was fine.  Our drinks and pizzas were discounted and I didn't have to wait long for my check as some people did. So although my personal experience wasn't bad, as a group we were not pleased.
3	After my introduction to La Bocca at an Official Yelp Event recently I was impressed enough to pay another visit.I had someone visiting from corporate.  Like me, he travels frequently and likes to check out interesting food and see new places.  So I thought Mill Ave. and La Bocca would fit the bill nicely.We split bruschetta and a pizza, both were outstanding.  The bruschetta selections were as follows:  caprese with fresh pulled mozzarella - very nice.  roasted tomato, pesto & parm - also very nice with a robust pesto.  queen creek olives & ricotta - love the olives!  and the standout - prosciutto, fig & mascarpone - wonderful!  I first had the combo of fig and prosciutto at a reception in Berkeley and loved it then.  We had the porco pizza.  Another interesting combination with pulled pork, serrano chili's and other good stuff.  The thin roasted crust at La Bocca is a hit with me!The service was good but I did get a sense the server wanted to be somewhere else.  Oh well.  Overall a solid experience and I will be back.They did have a terrible time keeping up with the food at the Yelp event to the point that I was actually waiting with others by the kitchen door to try and nab some food before it was gone.
4	After a round of mini golf, 3 of us ended up at La Bocca, for some drinks and pizza. We had a round of drinks, my sangria was really good, DH and a jack and ginger, which he liked, and our friend had a lemonade cocktail, which he enjoyed, so he had another.  We also ordered the bruschetta- pesto, olive, artichoke, and mozzarella. I tried the artichoke and mozzarella and I liked both, our friend ate the whole pesto bruschetta, because he loved it, so DH & I couldn't try it. We liked all of them, and will def go back to try the pesto. We than had 2 pizzas- garlic & we created our own with sausage. I only had the sausage one but really liked it. We were full, but couldn't resist the OMG dessert, an espresso brownie with ice cream on top, DH & I will go back for sure.I bought gift certificates from restaurant.com, the total was around $90.
4	I've been back many times since I wrote that review, and they continue to get into their groove there and impress. I still find that things are always changing, however. For example, Bonnie and I went for a weekday hh about 5-6 weeks ago and were told there were food specials (half off apps, i think) but no drink specials -- but there was an "all day everyday day" special on one of their top shelf vodkas (which worked out really well for me.)I come back last night pretty early, around 4, and hh had just started: no food discounts, but half off every drink except their sangria and their "house" drinks like specialty martinis and mojitos, etc. Still a great deal, got another top shelf vodka drink for like $3.Service was still great and friendly, and pizza was still delicious!
3	I had not been to La Bocca for months...last time in March....and was really looking forward to meeting a good friend for dinner. When I walked in the restaurant it was busy (most tables full) and WARM! Too warm...almost hot. My friend and I were seated at a table by the window and noticed it was even warmer there, but as it was the only table in the place open...Although we had delicious brushetta and salads (and their great pinot grigio 'Little Black Dress') we didn't enjoy them much as the temp in the room had to be over 85 degrees. Our leisurely dinner turned into less than an hour and lets get out of here. But the place was PACKED so I guess most people didn't mind eating and sweating. Maybe that is how they manage to turn the tables over quickly???
5	La Bocca has definitely improved their service in the past few months. The last time I was here, I personally called over the manager and told him what a great job our waiter was doing and that I've consistently noticed an improvement in service over my last few visits. I come here a lot and love the Bruschetta, reverse happy hour, ambiance, and the pizza. We also went here for New Years Eve and that was a great deal - we sat on the couch and watched all the Mill Ave madness from a safe distance. I highly recommend this place and whenever I have visitors in town that want to see Mill, I usually take them here. It also makes a great date spot. By far my favorite spot on Mill!
4	Great pizza, one of the best I've had. The service was pretty good. I was there with a table of 8 and I think the wwaitress just forgot to bring some glasses for a pitcher with all the other things we were odering. Other than that it was a great experience.
5	Woohoo is right. My hubby and I have gone a few times for happy hour and always enjoyed ourselves. Last night was the best so far. We were enjoying a few Left Hands and ordered the Tuesday night pizza special. It was 2 for 1 basically so we each ordered our fave. Apparently the GM thought my pizza was too done so he brought out the " burnt" one and already had another one cooking. I actually like my pizza that way but hey, I could understand where he was coming from. The second pizza was beautiful, a work of art. My husband's pie was great, all he kept saying was how great the crust was. I wil definitely bring all my friends and clients here. Special service too!  thanks again to Dan the general manager and our delicious server Reina ( sorry there isn't a better word,is there?)            Linda and Ron
5	La Bocca is one of my favorite bars and one of the only wine bars I know of in Tempe. The setting is very contemporary and cozy with couches to sit on and a nice wrap around patio facing Mill. They have great happy hour prices and their food is great. I've eaten the spicy pepperoni pizza (which is not listed on the menu but they still make upon request) and their brushetta which is broken into four sections so that you can have four separate toppings is equally delightful. I have brought many a friends there and everyone loves it.
4	La Bocca is one of the best places to eat on Mill Ave. It has a simple, straightforward menu that will delight meat and veg heads alike. Try the bruschetta planks as you will get the chance to try four different types. We've tried most of the pizzas and all are decent, but the Garlic and Garden are the best. Service is friendly and not over bearing. Ask for recommendations if you are lost because the servers seem to know their stuff. Julia is definitely the server to have if you can request her.
4	Real nice place - with upscale, comfortable atmosphere. You have to start with the bruschetta planks/very interesting and tasty - lots of flavors - well done. You also should order a "Sangria" those are very well built drinks - refreshing! We sampled several different pizzas and they all were very good - especially the "Bocca Trio" my favorite.
5	Love this place!!  My wife who thankfully handles our home finances made a comment the other day that I must love La Bocca because it is on my credit card statement about 2x/week.  I know that sounds crazy but I work on Mill Avenue.  No, I am not a street performer but work for a local advertising agency and the restaurant options if you are looking for good pizza and wine or beer is non existent.  I have tried about 1/2 the menu and all delicious.  The service and atmosphere is great and the managers/owners make us feel quite welcome and wanting to go back.If you are in the Mill Ave area definitely stop into La Bocca.  Start out with their awesome bruschetta planks appetizer for $12.  You get 4 bruschetta but can mix and match from about 8 or so different kinds. My fav is the prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, and truffle oil.  I know that sounds odd (fig??) but its really really good.I would recommend for lunch either going for the turkey & brie sandwich or margarita pizza with your favorite topics. Pepperoni is great.They also have really good beer.  Try either the Franziskaner, Dunkelweiss, or Hoegaarden.  Probably first menu (is it obvious?) that I have memorized and don't mind that I did.  Happy hour deals are also awesome.  I wish there was a La Bocca in North Scottsdale as I would probably end up going on the weekend too as I live in that area.
4	Voted one of the top 25 restaurants by Phoenix Magazine, this urban chic eatery lives up to its accolades."La Bocca" literally means "the mouth."  What I love about this name is that in Buenos Aires, Argentina there is a district called "La Boca," where the Italian immigrants settled at the turn of the century.  The name is perfect for a restaurant that serves an amalgam of Latin inspired fares.The vivid photographs on the wall display an enchanting and colorful Italy, the large mural behind the bar is reminiscent of a Spanish royal portrait.  The colors of the dining and bar area are earthy, warm, and inviting - with dramatic splashes of red to infuse the senses.Seated at the bar, I was impressed by the bartender's attentiveness, and his unmatched skill in making the best mojito this side of Miami.  This was a drink that I would expect to pay $14 for in North Scottsdale.  At La Bocca, the cocktails are $7 and worth the drive.  Their signature drink is the "Clean Slate Martini," which was recommended by the amiable owner, Mr. Julian Wright.  He explained that the combination of Tanqueray, cucumber, and lime made this a smooth concoction, but I am so thrilled that I opted for the incredible blackberry mojito.This being a pizzeria, the wine list is varied and interesting.  Many of the wines are Californian, but Spain is also well represented here.  For those who enjoy whites with their pizzas, I recommend their Senorio de Cruces Albarino (Spain) - perfect with salads, pizzas, or pastas.  For a real taste of Italy, get a bottle of their Zenato Rippassa del Valpolicello (Italy) - this is a well-rouned red that is served in every Italian restaurant in Europe.There is only one place in Phoenix Metro where I believed I could find good bruschetta, (Postino) but a new contender has just entered the ring.  La Bocca offers the same - an assortment of bruschettas which can be ordered in combinations of four.  The selections range from prosciutto, mascarpone, fig, and truffle oil, to salami and house-made pesto.  And just like Postino, the rich flavors make your culinary heart melt with joy.Pizza lovers can build their own pies here, with topping choices such as heirloom tomatoes, pulled pork, chili oil, and garlic.  There are seven signature pizzas on the menu, which can easily by devoured by one guest, and range from $9-$14.  There are also sandwhiches and salads available for those who do not like the pie.If you are coming here strictly for wine, cozy up in one of the comfortable seats in the lounge.  Order a bottle of Spanish wine, and get the "anti-asti" plate.  This comes with a delectable assortment of salami, prosciutto wrapped goat cheese, manchego cheese, pesto, queen creek olives, roasted garlic, dijon, and artisan toast.  A spanish picnic, with the best pesto in town.So, if that wasn't enough to pique your curiosity - here are some extra incentives.Sundays and Mondays the bottles of wine are 1/2 off after 6:30 PM.Tuesdays enjoy your pizzas at 2-for-1 after 6:30 PMThursdays, impress your date with live musicFridays and Saturdays has reverse Happy Hour from 10 PM to close
5	Well, I had not gone to La Bocca in some time (at least all summer) and wow, what a pleasent surprise this Thursday evening. The establishment, if anything, continues to get better, and not just the food. Going into La Bocca on a Thursday night sort of feels like stepping into an episode of the hills with all the stylish folk around (glad I could be there to represent the older, less attractive, but have lots of discretionary income group). I went about 7 pm and the place was well filled and out and management seems to have everything humming from an operational standpoint. My friend from Germany and I were quickly seated and the waiter, to his credit, started out by saying that he was going to get us some ice water and would then be back to get things started. It was a nice way to ease us into the evening. One thing I do recommend at this point La Bocca, get on the cucumber in the water trend. It is more refreshing than a lemon slice and right in alignment with the ambiance of the establishment.Now, on to food, we started out with the bruschetta. The bread is basic baguette slices (might be a nice idea to toast them a bit folks) and they nicely cut them in half so my companion and I could each have a taste (at La Bocca you pick 4 of the eight toppings off the menu). The roasted garlic, goat chease, and balsalmic arugula was good but the mozz, basil, and roma tomate topping was even better. I was not a big fan of the artichoke, spinach and roasted pepper though the final topping, of prosciutto, fig, and mascarpone (think sweet ricotta cheese) made up for it. The one thing I would like to see is just a simple  topping of chopped roma tomatoes, olive oil and garlic, like they have up the street at Cafe Boa. Well, they have eight choices so I guess something for everyone.For the main course I had the sicily pizze with local "sicily" sausage (no idea what that means), along with sun dried tomatoes, goat and parmesan cheese, some shallots, and other herbs. The toppings tasted good but a little busy. In other words, a little too much going on, but the crust, oh wow, write home on that one because it has only gotten better! I could have eaten the crust, with this crispy bubbles of crust, and its crunchy but chewy texture, and skipped everything else. I am surprised that the pepperoni with cave creek chili oil is no longer a standard on the menu. I think that simplistic pie is still my favorite though now I guess I have to do it from the "make your own pie" option.For desert my German friend (well, an American expat in Germany), at the recommendation of the waiter, had the mint and chocolate chip ice cream. He said the mint tasted fresh picked and wow, it was fresh! The scoop is large so a good split for two people and the mint is a good way to freshen the breath at the end of a date if one is preparing for any sort of canoodaling later in the evening or just enjoy really good mint ice cream.Finally, I had an espresso (my friend ordered the ice cream, I just tasted it) and the waiter told me they are working on getting their coffee supplies from Cartel Coffee Lab, which is a coffee roaster just down the street off Farmer and University. The coffee there is the best so a good idea and one more way to locally source what they offer, which is always a wonderful idea.In summary, I can see why they got voted one of the top 25 restaurants in Phoenix and who would have thought it, right on Mill avenue. As that folk singer dude whose name I can't remember says, the times, they are a changing. :-)
2	A little too snooty for its own good.The ambiance seems cool, but it's kind of a cover up for the rest. The food was well below mediocre:We got the bruchettas ($12)- which were just sliced pieces of bread mind you - no toasty toastness whatsoever, which were scantily clad with their respective toppings. The worst offender was the salmon bruschetta which had a mere sliver of smoked salmon.The antipasto plate ($16) started off on a high note with the prosciutto wrapped goat cheese and halved cherry tomato combo, but took a fall for the worse after the sampling the sliced cheese which looked like it came straight from Albertson's deli. Shoulda gone with another pizza or two instead. A complete rip off, and this is Tempe for chrissake. We ran out of bread and requested more - they charged us extra for this?!The saving grace was the margarita pizza ($9) - the crust had a chewy yet crispy texture. The sauce was tangy and fresh. The mozzarella cheese was acceptable for a $9 pizza and the basil leaves were generously strewn across the pie.The wine was reasonably priced, we got a Spanish white for $28 and the cocktail menu seemed interesting. I had the cucumber martini ($9) for dessert - a little on the sweet side but well made. Oppps and I forgot to mention the "La Bocca" salad was described as having grilled peaches, which was a selling point for me. When it arrived it came in two bowls and sans peaches. We were charged a split fee, even though we didn't ask for the salad to be split. We're Greek for chrissake we eat off each others plates. If I'm back in Tempe, I don't think I'd come back here.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere7 Value
5	So me and the hubs had a movie premier to go to and it was in Tempe. We're not the biggest fans of Tempe. Just to lay it out there... there are a lot of douchebags.. and they are in every restaurant, bar, club... squeezed in to corners and crevices.. promise I'm making a point...So we meander in to La Bocca, because it's at the end of Mill and didn't look at all like the other testosterone filled buildings in the area. Boy am I glad we did!! It was so nice! We rarely get to go out.. maybe a couple times a year without the kiddos.. and I would have been super bummed if we wasted our night. We got a cozy corner, on a couch, facing away from the restaurant.. so intimate. And our server was so nice and on top of everything. I had 2 Prickly pear margaritas.. I crave them now! And hubby had 2 beers.. of some sort.. he really liked them. And we split a margarita pizza which the server suggested adding pesto.. great idea! mmm mm mm.. this will definitely be a regular spot for us when we're alone in Tempe. Loved it!
4	Nice atmosphere, great music selection, knowledgeable and very friendly bartender and a decent by-the-glass menu. Add in half-off Happy Hour prices and a bartender who knows that any good wine bar will let you taste something before ordering it and I'm sold.Lose the random big-screen showing bad Adam Sandler movies. It ruins the entire effect.
3	I hate mill avenue.but for some reason am able to get over that, for La Bocca.I have to say, I really like what they got going on here despite the shitty waitstaff/service. But what can you expect from a restaurant so close to campus only willing to hire "beautiful" bratty business/communications majors to serve the slighty more-refined mill avenue-goers?anyways, great sangria and you can get a pitcher of it too!I highly suggest the turkey/brie sandwich, prices are not bad either.But, while you are there the #1 thing you have to try are the WARM QUEEN CREEK OLIVES app!!!! best deal ever...for $3 you get a bowl filled with locally grown delicious olives dressed in olive oil of course, and a plate of crusty bread! amazing.also, take note of the great ambiance. I think La Boca has really nice decor/vibe. The lighting at night is great for date/relaxing, and the tables are simple and classy. Also, very large wine selection.only 3 stars for horrible location and awful service/staff.
4	This is the best place, by far to eat on Mill. The chicken ceasar salad is phenominal. I'm very picky w/ my ceasar dressing & this one was perfect, not too fishy. Their margarita pizza is great. Since it is woodfired it may come out a little darker than you want so ask your server to have them cook yours for a shorter time if that bothers you. The service is great & love the ambiance.
4	Just driving around trying to kill some time before a concert at the marquee theater... we ended up in Mill Ave. We stopped at a  bar that I can't remember the name but very funny bartender offering all kind of  crazy happy hour drinks but they didn't have any food so we just had one drink there and after that we started walking around  Mill Ave trying to get something light to eat before the concert and there it was La Bocca... Pizza + Wine... Delicious... we sat at the bar and ordered some wine, of course Pizza and some bruschetta... everything was very tasty....Excellent happy hour... Very yumi Sangria... I'll go back for sure and I think the best seat is at the bar... The bartender was very friendly, great suggestions. Love the decor, very warm, very cozy. I Highly recommend this place.
4	I have been to La Bocca a few times now, but my most recent visit down to this Mill Ave pizzeria warranted a good review. Buying "groupons" is something that Georgeann G's do best.  At the early stages of her groupon binge she scored a deal at LBUP+WB. We finally were able to put it to good use, choosing "The Mouth" as the location of our Saturday night. We were greeted by a couple lovelies, and escorted to a little table in the back by the bar. The surroundings are warm and upbeat, with things that us gangsters refer to as "wood-grain interior" and "killer beats". I happened to notice that they have a movie projector, which in my case was running the ultra hip "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" with John Barrymore. Our server promptly arrived to take drink orders and greet us. Dulea, I believe, was very helpful and had great suggestions (I tried to remember her name so she could get credit). We decided not to drink so we could enjoy as many dishes and flavors as possible for a good price. However, I am one who can chug some Arnold Palmer and our server kept them coming (servers tell me not to apologize, but around the fifth I think they regret it).We started with the brushetta "plank" which offers four of many different combination of unique ingredients. Results were amazing, but my favorites were the salmon-caper and the tomato-pesto (the latter a suggestion). Our main course was a combination of two, splitting a pizza and sandwich. Now the pizza could be better, but I like greasy ass Domino's the best so I won't jump into that can of tomato paste. All the ingredients tasted very fresh, the outer crust was just WAY too big. The sandwich was great, especially with the suggestion of their house bread instead of the usual bread. Ending with a flight of artisan ice cream may have been the proverbial seal on the deal. I highly recommend trying these out. The mint chocolate chip unbelievably tastes exactly like chewing an actual mint leaf, instead of the usual neon green store bought treat. It's easy to see why this urban pizzeria plus wine bar has survived the dwindling economy on Mill Ave.  I'm sure La Bocca will greatly help rebuild a strong market, setting a high bar for service and quality.
4	La Bocca Rocks!! Our favorite place on Mill Avenue! We probably go there at least once a week! The Bruschetta is off the chizzle!! The bread is perfectly toasted and dressed, and not super filling! Which means you can order some PIZZA!!! The Pizza is always very good, never a disappointment! Our favorite is the Margherita, then it's the mushroom and goat cheese one... it just oozes with flavor!! The salads are very good as well The Peroni on draft rocks my world!!! It is soo cold! Plus, it is served in Peroni beer glasses which are kept so cold, that I have a beer Icicle for a minute or two!! Their Mojitos are simply addicting! The restaurant always has great ambience, and is visually stimulating as well.  On Thursdays they have some sort of live entertainment and on Sunday nights they show a movie... kinda weird and frankly boring to me, but hey, do whatchugottado! I walk to it, but what's even better is you can get there via light rail! Try it out!
4	La Bocca - I've got a bit of a love-hate thing going for you. I love your classy, trendy decor - romantic lighting, dark colors, interesting art and wall treatments, and very comfy chairs and couches. I hate how crazy busy you can be, with so many others calling for your attention, slowing down my service and forcing me to yell during conversation. I love your wine list - lots of great choices (some good beers too), good happy hour and reverse happy hour specials, and 1/2-off bottles of wine on Sundays/Mondays. I hate how you treat me sometimes - you barely greet me when I sit down, you make me wait for my delicious drinks, and you forget what I ordered. I love your food - the olives are divine (and local), the goat cheese and pear salad is perfectly dressed with a perfect combination of sweet and salty, and the bruschetta boards have great variety and great ingredients (my favorites are the prosciutto & fig, and the salmon & capers). But I also hate your food - I'm sorry, but I do not like that your 'chewy' crust covers 2/3 of the pizza. It's just not right - I deserve more toppings than that. Last time you gave me a total of 4 truffled mushrooms, a smattering of spinach leaves, and WAY too much crust (and believe me, I love crust). My pizza was soggy in the middle, and it was even soggier last time when you brought me the sicily pizza. You leave me feeling disappointed; I thought you said you'd bring me the best.  Alas, La Bocca, I love you, and I hate you, but ultimately I always come back. Your charm is irresistible, even if you don't give me your best all of the time. I love your food enough and your wine more. Your specials keep me interested, and my hope for delicious pizza on Mill keeps me hooked.  You're great for a tasty meal and a fun night out - you're sassy and I like it.
4	It was my first time at La Bocca and I was pleasantly surprised. Mill Avenue is not my usual preferred place to dine but after a fabulous performance at the gammage, I was hungry! So hungry that I couldn't wait to drive to eat. My friend recommended La Bocca because apparently, she used to frequent this establishment for happy hour quite frequently for their half off wine by glass. I will have to take advantage of that another time. Tonight I was all about food, although I did end up ordering one of their malbecs. I just can't pass up trying a new malbec. We ended up ordering the plank of brucetta (pulled pork, roasted garlic & spinach, salmon, goat cheese & ?). My friend warned me that it was not like Postino's brucetta, which then I was immediately discouraged but took a chance anyway. I was very happy with the risk! The bread was not too overbearing and the toppings of fresh ingredients were plentiful that made me longing for more. We then ordered the sicily pizza. I give them credit for trying to make their pizza different than other pizzas in Phoenix. Their crust is much larger and poofier and the dough is super thin in the middle of the pizza. The body of the pizza is so thin that the oil and topping juices seeped through and turned the pizza slightly soggy. Not my favorite but because the toppings were so fresh and flavorful, I didn't mind it. If I ever want to dine in Mill Ave, I will definitely come back to La Bocca's.
4	We came here on a Thursday night with a large group of 20 plus.  The place was extremely accomodating in that they let us form our own impromptu groups/seating.  The service was great.  The servers checked-in on us as a group and individually.  Without even asking, they kept all our bills separately which made settling the check a breeze.  Trust me, that is a huge undertaking in group settings.  Decent list of wine selections.  The pizza was delicious.  Definitely a cool chill place to be if you want to get away from the craziness everywhere else on Mill.
5	La Bocca is a great place on Mill Ave - it is clean with a trendy, super cute look. The pizza is awesome - I usually eat here a couple times each month for lunch.
4	Just went for the first time on Saturday night and it was overall a great experience, I like the vibe and the service was excellent. As far as the food goes, it was fantastic! I started with some Bruschetta and would have to say my favorite was the goat cheese. I ordered the sicily pizza and the bread was amazing on it, it also had some goat cheese as well. I would recomend trying this place at least once, I wasn't the biggest fan of goat cheese but now I am.
4	This is definitely our favorite place to go on Mill.  Their pizzas are great, the sangria is yummy and the staff has been friendly and attentive every time we've gone.  Try the garden pizza- the blue and cheddar cheeses make it stand out compared to other veggie pizzas I've tried.  Our friends were raving about the Mulberry street sandwich, so that's on our "to-do" list for the next trip.  My favorite of the bruscettas is the proscuitto with fig and mascarpone... creamy, salty and smoky and slightly sweet... it's so delicious!
3	I've been to La Bocca twice now. The first time a few months back didn't warrant a full review . I was there to hang out with a large group and had a cocktail before leaving. I did enjoy myself that evening and the atmosphere of La Bocca. A bit different than many other places on or just off Mill that cater more toward the college scene.  La Bocca is a nice change of pace.Tonight, I really experienced La Bocca on a couples outing. We had a party of 8. We went here for food, drink and hanging out.I thought the food was very good. My wife and I started out with some bruschetta planks.  I really enjoyed the housemade pesto with fresh roma tomato and mozzarella, basil, roma tomato,  olive oil & balsamic. You get to choose 4 different options for your plate. After we finished, I wish I had more!My wife and I also split a margarita pizza. The pizza was nicely baked and tasted really good. I wish there was a little more cheese on the pizza though. After the first bite, all the cheese came off and was just left with dough and sauce. The pizza reminded me of the pizza I had in Italy last summerFood wise, La Bocca hit's a home run. I think the food is well done, fresh and high quality.As for beverages. Beside the various wines, there is a bar and beer. On Monday nights, most bottles of wine are half off.  I wanted a cocktail and had a mojito. The drink was okay. Not the worst mojito, but definitely not the best. There was way too much ice in the glass. Not my wisest $7 spent. Should have just had a nice glass of red wine instead! Here are some issues I had with La Bocca:-The bruschetta took as long to come to our table as the pizza did.I didn't expect the food to appear instantly, but the food should have been out in 10 minutes. The bruschetta orders came out closer to 30 minutes. -The front door and patio doors were left open and the people smoking on the patio carried inside. Not a fan of this at all, especially while I eat.-The service was up and down. Some areas were really good while other areas were sub par. Water came quickly, wine and other drinks came out a bit slower than they should.  Food delivery was slow (read above).  The server forgot about one check that was paid in cash and 3/4 of the table received their check and receipt quickly. The other couple was completely forgotten above for an extended period of time and caused us to stay longer than expected. Overall, I liked the place and would give this establishment 3.5 stars. The rating could go up 4 stars (or maybe higher) with some of the inconveniences improved upon above.
5	Stopped in again this trip. I can't figure how the hell I gave it only 4 stars last time. Must have been in a harsh mood or something. We split a plank, salad and pizza. All top shelf grub. And it's a nice place to take the better half as well. Great environment. And if you're not in the mood for wine have a tripel karmeliet beer. A bit pricey but maybe the best beer I've ever had
5	Can't wait to have a party here someday!! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
4	Very hip pizza and wine bar on Mill Ave. If you are looking for a grown up, but hip place in the heart of Mill, then this is the place. This place has a great patio area that is nice and typically far enough away from the Mill Kids/Bums, so you can enjoy a nice AZ day or evening without being asked for change. Inside is very hip and at night it has a very hip, chic, romantic, true wine bar feel to it. I like to sit inside or out. The food is very dependable and there are many options. The Farmer's Salad comes highly recommended from my wife, but the last two times they have run out of peaches. It is light, but packs nice flavor. We never get too upset when someone runs out of a seasonal product (i.e. peaches), because it gives us comfort that they use fresh ingredients. I'd recommend you go with a Pizza and Salad or Pizza and Bruschetta. The bruschetta is very solid and they use nice oils and seasonal veggies and great basil.  You have a couple of good bruschetta options (something that I am not sure why more places do not offer).  It is not quite as good as Postino bruschetta, but pretty darn close. The pizzas are the same the margherita is a safe, but solid choice. Again they use nice good ingredients and the oil is great. The crust is nice and thin and crispy with the right balance of chewy. I highly recommend you pair any meal with a glass of wine, but if you are going to enjoy a full evening and truly embrace the ambiance, settle in with a bottle. Another tip Sundays and Mondays are half price bottle bringing the prices back down to want we'd pay at a wine shop.
5	We come to AZ for Spring Training every March with a group of 10 foodies from CA - came across this place by accident at the Street Fair- what  a find.  We tried for two years and finally got into Ristorante Bianco this year because we had heard all the raves- it was ok but not worth the trouble or wait - La Bocca beat it by far.  The pizza was better  and the salads are great.  Be sure to try the antipasta plate or a plank to share as a starter both were really good.  We have visited this place twice since we found it . Great happy hour prices - service was a little slow first time, the second time was great.   This is going to be one of our repeats.
5	Good ambience and excellent service and delicious food! We had four types of bruschetta on one order and two different pizzas to share. The drink selection includes Framboise Lambic (raspberry) and I had a Peroni. We were seated right away. And just to let y'all know... the food is very similar in style (size, ingredients) to that bullshit hype of a joint Pizzeria Bianco, but with a lot less salt. The menu also includes sandwiches and salads.
5	We took my dad for the first time tonight.  My dad is Italian and a tough critic when it comes to pizza... He officially declared that we would be eating here at least once every time he comes to town.  We all agreed it's better than his former favorite, Humble Pie.His initial observation was that the atmosphere was great- and he's right.  The decor is simple, hip and classy.  The restaurant is spacious and not over crowded with tables.  However, the tables themselves weren't quite big enough to hold all the food we ordered.  Once we all had a glass of water, beers for my dad and husband and sangria for myself, there wasn't a whole heck of a lot of room on the table left for food and serving plates.  Every time we've been here the staff has been wonderful to my daughter.  Both of the male servers we've had have totally doted on her.  There was plenty of space for her to toddle around our table and the high chairs have always been nice and clean (there's nothing worse than a crusty high chair).  We asked if they could bring her anything to snack on while we waited for our antipasti and pizzas so they brought her a little side of pear slices, crackers and cheese while we waited for our food.  Perfect!  Kept her happily nibbling til more food came.  The antipasti we ordered as a starter was delicious!  The giant hunks of elephant garlic were roasted til they were soft, sweet and tender.  And the proscuitto-wrapped goat cheese was great.  We had a debate over who would eat the last one.  (Dad got it... he weeded our whole yard today.  It's the least I could do!)For pizzas we ordered the mushroom and the Sicily (how could we NOT with our Sicilian roots).  The Schreiner's sausage was great, but the most Sicilian thing in the room was my dad.  There's nothing all that "Sicilian" about the pizza overall, other than the fact that it's fantastic (as all things Sicilian are).  But to me, Sicilian flavors incorporate far more fresh produce and seafood.  Regardless of my opinions of the definition of Sicilian cuisine, bottom line: Sicily pizza = yum.  However, the mushroom pizza might have been the BEST mushroom pizza I've ever had.  The goat cheese was mildly sweet and super creamy which was a great contrast to the full earthy flavors of the mushrooms and truffle oil, and it came with a generous serving of fresh spinach on top.I always look forward to coming back here.  It's inexpensive enough to always order our tried and true favorites, along with something new and exciting.
5	I was very impressed and surprised by the quality of this restaurant!  This place is STYLISH - whether it's the plush lounge chairs on the patio, or the old school movies being projected on the walls - there's definitely an element of class that is rare for the Mill Avenue district.First impressions were extremely positive - the place was busy but not packed, candlelit tables, and dim lighting provides the perfect atmosphere for a date, but not too much so that it causes that uncomfortable, formal, anxiety feeling.  La Bocca almost seems like an AZ88 in Tempe for those who are fans.  I was pleasantly surprised at the prices on the menu.  Most items were in the $10-15 range, and I was immediately intrigued by the various pizza selections.  I focused my sights on the garden pizza, which took me by surprise because it was basically a chef-tossed salad on a really good pizza crust.  My girlfriend went with the bruschetta planks and chose two homemade pesto, one mozarella basil, and one roasted artichoke - DELICIOUS!Top that off with a few glasses of really good sangria and you've got a really good meal for right around the $40-50 mark.  Needless to say we will be returning!
1	The decor and music gave me high hopes but I will not go back to this restaurant. My friend and I sat at the bar since we only had an hour before our movie. Ordered an app plate of olives and a margherita pizza to share. The service was terrrible. After 20 minutes of no atttention by the bartender I asked her about the olives. The reply..."I ordered them." She then made no attempt to check on our order. Half hour to get a small bowl of olives! And the pizza. It never arrived. We finally gave up after an hour, left money on the bar for our olives and left. The bartender seemed confused that we would leave. Really? She never said a word to us or checked on our order. About the worst service I even had. A place can never be cool enough to excuse bad service.
5	The appetizers at this place are amazing! They have the best cheeses, hummus, and bruschetta.
3	Three of us went on a Sunday. We enjoyed the planks, two pizzas and several drinks. For my money the planks are the way to along with the orangecello. We had the organgecello because they were out of the lemon. Man what a treat! The orange wasn't on the menu. We had an assortment of planks including on with smoked salmon, very good. We also had the mushroom pizza very good. I didn't taste the garlic pizza, I'm assuming it wasn't as good as the mushroom because it's the only thing that got boxed up. OK , three people, two pizzas, a plank and about 8 drinks for under $70 bucks. My next visit will be on a Sunday because of the specials. I will ask for the orangecello after I have warm Queen Creek olives with crusty bread (thanks for tip fellow yelpers) and a glass of wine. I think the ultimate question always is will I go back and the answers once more is yes! (on a Sunday)! Oh yeah a great space, we sat inside in a area with a couch and low tables.. very cute and cozy.  Good eclectic mix of music,  love the huge painting over the bar.    Peace
4	This place is trendy but not over the top.  The red sangria was worth it.  Their bruschetta was so so.  Two of us enjoyed the boca trio pizza and had enough for left-overs (eating them now!)
3	Came here when it first opened and they burned our pizza. Heard that they have improved since then so we went back. The pizza was not as burned this time but still had a little bit too much ash and blackness on the bottom. I think it might just be the way they make it. While the food here is pretty good, there is much tastier pizza around the valley like at pizzeria bianco and la gran Orange. If you are stuck in Tempe though, its not a bad place to go and they do support the local community.
5	GREAT SERVICE, GREAT FOOD, and love the 1/2 price bottles on Sundays... would recommend this place to anyone!  I take all my visitors here!
2	P and I came here for dinner a couple of Fridays ago hoping for something along the lines of Le Grande Orange/Postino, but in Tempe (at least their menu looked that way). We started with some wine and she had a an OK cocktail (it had a fancy name but was really just orange juice and vodka) while we perused the menu. We finally decided on some bruschetta, a chopped salad and a pizza. The bruschetta came out first, two fig and prosciutto, a spinach, blue cheese and onion and a smoked salmon with capers and chef's tartar. They were all just OK. The bread was average, the toppings were skimpy (even the red onions on the spinach bruschetta) and they were poorly seasoned. The salad also needed some salt and pepper, at least that's what we had to offer it table-side. At that point our waitress came by and asked if she could get us anything else or if we just wanted to stick with the apps. I wasn't sure if this was a trick question or not because was she considering our pizza an appetizer? No. She forgot, admitted it, then asked us if we wanted it. Yes. Yes, we want our pizza. Our sicily pizza came pretty quick and smelled great. It was topped with Schreiner's "sicilian" sausage, sundried tomatoes, parmesan and goat cheese, shallots and herbs. We dug right in but again, someone in the back doesn't believe in seasoning. We ate what we could and left the rest there. It's a shame because La Bocca has such a nice ambiance and their menu looks so promising. Maybe I'll try them again sometime in the fall when it's cool enough to sit on the patio, for now I'll stick with what tastes good.
5	Campus Flowers loves this place!!  The bruschetta is to die for!!  Good service and a cute pation right on Mill Ave.  Would eat here everyday if I could!
4	Sunday Funday Happy Hour!The day: Sunday eveningThe scene: La Bocca on Mill AveThe time: roughly 5pmThe people: The Boyfriend and The Boyfriend's RoommateHappy Hour ends at 6:30pm and while I can't remember the details, I do remember it was half off glasses of wine AND half of bottles of wine! I am weaksauce though and opted for just a glass of reisling because my ass would've been way too drunk had I thought I could drink a whole bottle.The server recommended the reisling and mMMMmmMM I'm glad he did! It was like sweet, cold, grape juice! Barely alcohol tasting - just the way I likey my alkie :)Anyway, the gang and I had the goat cheese and pear salad and the mushroom truffle pizza. The salad was better than I expected. With just the perfect amount of walnuts and pear and cheese. The only bad thing is the dressing was a bit more tart than I preferred.The pizza was de-LISH! You could really taste the truffle oil and the cheese and the mushrooms... mmmm... please excuse my drool.
4	I'm trying to broaden my restaurant spectrum and also feel more like an adult so I suggested to my cousin to accompany me to this place as the term "wine bar" has now become synonymous with sophistication with me, and I felt that going out on a Monday night and drinking an entire bottle of wine just felt delightfully naughty!Run on sentences aside, I very much enjoyed this place. We got a bruschetta board and 2 pizzas and the 3 of us left very satisfied. The vibe wasn't stuffy and our waitress was very pleasant. One drawback, we were sat at one of the tables closest to the front door so it was sill fairly warm because of people constantly opening the door and allowing the hot air in. I just ended up drinking a lot of ice water to stay cool. I'll most definitely be back, have to try a salad, the anti-pasti appetizer and all the other pizzas!
2	So my husband and I pride ourselves in having tried or about to try almost every restaurant. We LOVE food and dine out as much as possible. This place intrigued me since the begining and had pretty good reviews. So we decided to go there for my B-day dinner (round 1). My husband made reservations and told them it was my b-day. We were seated right away. The menu looked good and the food was also really good...so why so few stars??My husband aparently got up during dinner to make sure the waitress new about the special occasion and she told him they don't do anything. While that is def their decision I must say a dessert with a candle goes a long way for not much dough on the restuarants part. Not to mention the waitress Laren...who hardly ever remebered that she was our waitress never even wished me a happy b-day. All in all the service sucked which was a major factor in our mutual decision to never come back. She messed up our bill and was almost rude several times. The worst part was it was ridiculously hot the whole time.Save your money there are plenty of places to choose from...infact Cafe Boa accoss the way is 10 times better
5	La Bocca is the perfect place for a quiet but fun evening.  It's great to take a date or your parents, a buddy of yours, to celebrate someone's birthday at the tables outside or for a business meeting with a group of colleagues.One time I went there for a business meeting.  My boss told me to go.  I don't know why.  I showed up and I didn't know anyone there and they were all talking about biotechnology and, while a cool subject, not the field of work I'm in at all.  And everyone there was baby-faced and young.  I knew the guy speaking, but that's about it.  It was happy hour and I got drunk as fuck and ate free pizza.  So, if you were there, I was the guy wearing a tie that nodded approvingly during the lecture and slurped down like three cocktails and three beers.Altogether, I've probably been to La Bocca either five or six times and I'm always, always pleased with the service and the food.  Even when it's crowded, and I have seen it pretty packed a couple times, someone's going to be there to ask you if you need another drink or more water or anything.I've tried a lot of their different pizzas.  I've had the badboy with the truffle oil and spinach, the Sicily, whichever one it is that's got like cheese and basil on it.  I'm pretty well-versed in what these guys offer for their standard pizzas and each one is pretty awesome.  Their appetizers kick ass too.  Love the cheese platter.  The Mediterranean platter slaps me in the face with its deliciousness.For some reason lately, lots of restaurants I've been eating at, I've been ordered their sangria.  As of now, La Bocca ranks up pretty highly.  That fucker was delicious.  Fruity and sweet, but not too sweet.  It was great.This place is pretty rad.  If you want to class it up without spending too much money (single pizzas are as cheap as $8), this is definitely the place.
4	The first time I went to La Bocca was with my good friend Kim. She and I met up there and had a very....off experience. Our waiter seemed new and seemed very flustered. He told us the kitchen was SUPER busy...despite the fact that the restaurant was barely half full. Anyways, I came back with Kim and friends for her birthday this past weekend, and I am SO glad I did! Here goes:Atmosphere: We all know Mill Ave can get a little wild, and quite a mish mosh of folks on saturday night. So, that being said when I walked into La Bocca I felt that the environment was very cool and sophisticated, while still being young. Drinks: $5 sangria and a pitcher for $18? Sign me up. Everyone at the table drank sangria save for one couple that ordered Bells....which is a delicious beer out of K-zoo Michigan :). Anyhow, everyone enjoyed the rojo sangria. Food: Hello deliciousness! I had the chopped salad and a truffle mushroom pizza. I ate the entire salad which had little tubetti pastas, bacon, blue cheese crumbles and a phenominal dijon vinagrette. The pizza....dear diary I am in love with this pizza. Mozzarella, goat cheese, mushrooms, truffle oil, tomato, fresh spinach....literally slices of heaven in my mouth. I ate all but two slices. Thats way more than anyone my size should ever eat. Must do that again. The server: he was cool and seemed to have no problem handling the whole table of us. He even brought Kim carmel ice cream with a candle. A trick candle at that. Kudos my man. Overall, we had a great time at La Bocca, and despite the strange experience the first time around i'll definately be returning.
4	I just experienced La Bocca for the first time and I'm a fan. Their Goat Cheese and Pear salad was amazing... and I added chicken for an additional $3 (worth it). I also added smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, and truffle oil bruschetta for an additional $3 (also worth it). This is a great location though you'll have to pay to park before 6p and a nice atmosphere to enjoy a glass of wine, delicious food and conversation. I'll definitely be making another trip back here.
4	Great wine list and great food. Their salads, their pizza and their bruschetta are all terrific.Only reason why I am giving this place 4 instead of 5 stars is because the service can be slow. Which I think is the kitchen's fault but either way, be prepared to wait for your food... especially if the place is busy.
2	Okay so to be fair i must explain my 2 star rating; it is extremely conditional and is most likely not the restaurants fault but nevertheless im dishing out my wrath, but with restraint as well:a while back i came here on a date. It was a cool autumnal (phoenix's version of autumn) night and as we stepped inside we were told by the hostess that there were no tables available and that we'd have to wait 15 min or so. No big deal. We asked if we could sit outside on the patio, 'sure' we were told 'a server will be right with you'.we sit down, chit chat, exchanging pleasantries and, diggi do, the minutes fly by.5 min pass and not even a glance from inside. 8 min pass and still not even a water. I was famished at that point and was starting to get cranky, my then girlfriend sensed this and was getting anxious at my growing irritation. we start trying to make eye contact with someone inside; nothing. 10 minutes go by and we sit unnoticed.we waited, and waited. discussing the menu. trying to be patient. after 20 some odd minutes we were about to round the thity minute mark when i'd had enough. Being that it wasn't even my idea to eat there, and that i was starving (not too mention we hadnt even been given water at this point) i flew into a temper tantrum and demanded we leave immediatly. Granted i could've stepped inside and asked for service but that just seemed embarassing and unnecessary from my point of view.So all in all my loath for Bocca has little or nothing to do with their food, as i've never been privledged to try it, but more to do with being treated like a filthy undesireable proletariate- which i may or mayn't be....but thats hardly for them to decide.you've disappointed me Bocca.
3	I decided to meet one of my girls for HH at La Bocca and after a glass of wine and catching up about our work week on their very comfy couches we decided to stay for dinner...and lucky us they were having their 2 for1 pizza special!  We went with the "bocca trio" that had tons of meat including salami and pepperoni and the "garden" that had lots of veggies like arugula, mushrooms and red onions (which made me feel a ton better about eating all of this pizza, lol) The ingredients were fresh and the crust was soft but had a little crunch to it that worked with all the toppings...Overallgreat servicegreat ambiance (this would be a good date spot)great HHI'll be back !!
5	Been coming here since they opened... 3 years now?!  Terrific pizzas.  I pick one up for takeout about once a week, and you just can't go wrong.  Great vibe inside, and a perfect spot for a date.  Reasonable prices, too, considering the quality.  Really nice to see this place doing so well.
4	I recently went here with co-workers to celebrate a co-worker's birthday. All of them loved what they ordered... a few even expressed that the pizza rivals Pizzeria Bianco's pizza. That is a big compliment.They have a great wine list, good food and a really cool loungy atmosphere. It's great for large groups (we had 10+ for lunch) and for group get togethers (we had 10+ reunion at happy hour).
2	My experience was lame :-/I had the dayton caesar, I know, boring...  Though apparently it is possible to screw up.  The chicken was dry and tasteless and the rest was, well, lettuce...Reading everyone else's reviews, I will give it another go and be more adventurous with the selection :-)
4	This review is strictly for wine, atmosphere and service.  I didn't eat here but I really like the place.  It's got a great laid back feel to it with out being a sloppy dive bar.  Well designed and original decor.  The wine was great as were the suggestions from the bartender (I'm not a huge wine drinker but I was trying to behave myself)  The patio seems like a great day drinking spot.  I will definitely be back for dinner and to solidify this review.
5	Totally love this place... my favorite restaurant of all time!!!!!!MUST have the sangria and bruschetta... also be sure to try their home-made pesto dip made with walnuts instead of pine nuts (so good I think I could live off it). Everything on the menu is to die for!They have half off bottles of wine Sun-Thurs and you can also get a pitcher of Sangria any day (not like I need to be doing that - but its a great deal, like $3 a glass so how can you resist!)
3	I have to update this review based soley upon the graciousness and understanding that owner, Julian W. showed me after I gave La Bocca a decidedly unecessary low review.I still have yet to try La Bocca, and now that I am not living in Tempe anymore it might be a while before I venture back to Mill ave. but I desperately want to give this resto a shotWith local business owners like Julian W. around I think there is a lot of hope for phx's stiffled economy.Keep up the great work guys, I continue to hear nothing but great sentiments regarding La Bocca 8-)
5	La Bocca Urban Pizzeria and Wine Bar is a place my friends and I frequent often. Great service, and sangria to die for! I prefer the red over the white, the flavor is incredible and you can taste all of the different fruits in it. Not to mention its a gorgeous burgandy color and it has fresh oranges in it - beautiful combo!My favorite bruschetta is the fig, mascarpone, smoked prosciutto and truffle oil. The crunchiness of the bread mixed with the salty flavor of the prosciutto combined with the sweet taste of fig and creaminess of the mascarpone creates an amazing melt in your mouth combination. Sometimes we order an entire plank (which is 8 pieces) of just that bruschetta. I also really enjoy the roasted garlic and goat cheese with arugula and balsamic. We have  tried the pulled pork, house made pesto and red pepper, both of those were good as well. The last time we went my mom wanted to try the goat cheese and pear salad. The mix of the candied walnuts, cranberries, tomatoes, and balsamic vinegar added with the creaminess of goat cheese and sweetness of the pear was a combination that leave your mouth not only wanting more, but ordering another one. My favorite pizza at La Bocca (which I strongly recommend) is the truffle mushroom, but make sure you like spinach before you decide to order this pizza! It comes with a lot of fresh spinach on top and on certain days of the week you get a 2 for 1 pizza! It is a must try! Visit La Bocca on Mill if you have the chance - it is GREAT for groups - it is where my girlfriends go all the time but its much easier for everyone if you make a reservation ahead of time and if you want to split checks be sure to tell your waiter/waitress as soon as you sit down! I also love to go there on dates! It can be a fun, cozy, romantic place to go! All around YOU MUST TRY LA BOCCA!
4	La Bocca is one of those places I wish I went to more than I actually do.  It is just a little outside my regular travel radius and going anywhere on Mill always seems like a bit of a chore (unless you are already going to be there for something else).  Yes, I know, that sounds really lazy.For the lazy readers out there, let me give you the facts.  Happy hour goes until 6:30 and the wines by the glass are half price.  The food is delicious, the atmosphere is cool and a small step up from casual.  They also have daily specials (ex: 1/2 bottle days, 2-for-1 pizza, or reverse happy hour), so I would check their website.Regardless of the internal challenges I have getting to La Bocca, once I am there, I am very, very happy!  I have been a few times now and I have had delicious meals each time.  Each time I go to order food, I can't get past the top of the menu.The bruschetta planks are fabulous!  Choosing only four is hard as they all sound so fantastic.  And $12 might seem a little expensive, however, they are so big that one bruschetta is actually two because they cut them in half to make it easier to eat and easier to share.  Prosciutto and fig is always one of my favorite combinations, along with the salmon and capers, then there are the traditional tomato bruschettas, and few others thrown in for fun.The Mediterranean Plate is another great one too.  The babaganoush, the hummus, the house made flat bread, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  And who knew olives could be so extra delicious when served warm.While I fill up on the top of the menu, I have seen others at my table order pizza, and that is just as fabulous.  Yes, I admit, I stole a piece of their pie, but it was too tempting not too.Last time I went, the service was a little slow, but we were there to bask in La Bocca's calming, classy atmosphere, enjoy each others company, drink wine and relax; so we didn't mind.  When they did come around, the servers were very pleasant.If La Bocca were a little closer, it would probably be one of my go-to places.  Then again, I really like that there is a place like this among all the other bars up and down Mill Avenue.  My advice, go here when you want good food, good wine, and an escape from the craziness going on in the rest of Tempe . . . or the world.
5	I've had La Boccca Urban Pizzeria in the back of my mind for awhile and I am kicking myself for not coming here sooner! It wasn't busy on a Monday night even though bottles of wine were half price. I like it that way especially when I just want to relax and eat some good food. The atmosphere was hip and inviting. The menu was simple and was divided into apps, salads, sandwiches, and pizza. I ordered the  bruschetta and it was better than Postino's which isn't saying a lot because I don't think their bruschetta is all that. The wine was reasonably priced and I was happy as a clam with my bottle of Riesling. I didn't order anything else because I wasn't that hungry  but I can't wait to come back and try more items on the menu everything looks delicious!
4	really tasty pizza and salads! everything was great! the pizza was a little too soft for hands, but it was delicious (better than pizza I had in italy!)
4	This is one of the best pizzerias I've been to in the US.Located right on Mill St. a few blocks away from ASU's main campus, you feel a certain presence when approaching La Bocca Urban Pizzeria and Wine Bar. No longer are you to expect a mom-and-pop brick oven eatery when you come to Bocca. The ambiance is reminiscent of a fine dining restaurant that Yelp would rate $$$. The food is stellar. The menu is a tad too large for a restaurant that is marketing itself at this caliber, but it's logical in design. The wait staff was solid -- not amazing, but definitely earned their tip with a smile that night.I ordered the Med(iterranean) Plate, a Bruschetta Plank (forgot which 4 we ordered), and a Truffled Mushroom Pizza. The Med Plate was great--a platter of flatbread, thick slices of French bread, hummus, olives, feta cheese, and baba ganoush. The baba ganoush was extremely garlic-y, which is always welcome on my palette. The olives were plentiful and flavorful. The feta cheese was a bit lacking in sustenance, but was a good sampler. The French bread and flatbreads were both toasted and garnished nicely. The hummus was a bit on the thicker side (not as well-blended/liquified as some other places), but was rich and pleasant atop the two breads.The Bruschetta planks were a bit expensive, but they were awfully tasty. Once again, I forgot which four we ordered, but my favorite had to be the Pulled Pork one.The pizza that they give you is fairly large, especially for the price. For $9-$14, you get a personal thick-crust 8" (give or take) pizza that is hard to down in one sitting. I added some melted ricotta cheese on my pizza (a fair amount of it, actually) for only $1 more. All in all, I feel that any of the pizzas there deserve ordering, since the rest of my party had trouble finishing their's, even when they were gorging their mouths with it.This pizzeria also has 4 Peaks' Kiltlifter on draft, so that's another high plus. The beers and most of the wines are very reasonably-priced, so ask your server about what they recommend when pairing your order to your alcohol.Would definitely come back to this place when I'm back in town.
5	Everything I've ever ordered has been really good.  Their food is very light and satisfying.  I would recommend it to anyone.
4	Finally a delicious wine bar in the heart of Sun Devil country. La Bocca moved in on Mill Avenue and gave college students and young professionals alike a great new place to hang out for happy hour, a delicious menu perfect for any occasion and an atmosphere that is perfect for a casual lunch or a special night. La Bocca has a fantastic happy hour and a menu that makes my mouth water just thinking about it. With delicious and unique pizzas, salads and more, there is something for everyone here. Stop by La Bocca and be transported to a little neighborhood wine bar that will soon become one of your favorites.
4	I can't leave without reviewing La Bocca. I've had more lunches, happy hours and dinners here than I can count. This place is your solid go-to spot on Mill. If you're having trouble getting a group to decide on a place, you can normally all agree to La Bocca.They have a great selection of pizzas, sandwiches and salads. My favorite lunch with a girl friend is splitting a salad and pizza at La Bocca. Happy hour specials are great, they have fantastic Sangria and appetizers. But honestly I think it's the atmosphere that makes this place work so well. It's never too loud, always simultaneously classy and laid back. So no matter your purpose, you can fit in. Business lunches and happy hours with friends can happen in the same location easily. La Bocca definitely found a great formula here and I hope they stick with it.
5	It's been a while since I've exclaimed how delicious La Bocca pizza is. MMMMMM!
4	The food, especially the bruchetta, is very very good. The pizza crust is perfect and the toppings fresh and yummy.  Their wine specials and happy hour drink specials are awesome too!The only reason I didn't give five stars is because both times we went (twice in the past couple weeks) the hostesses were so ridiculously scantily clad that it was not only distracting, but rather stripper-like offensive.  It's clear that they must intentionally look for eye candy hostesses, which is fine,  but seriously, have a dress code so that their tight mini skirts aren't about to show underwear and ass cheeks and their boobs aren't falling out like Hooters down the road.  It was a bit too much.  After seeing this twice, on two different visits with two different  hostesses, I came to the conclusion that it must be part of their idea of  chic and hip, or maybe because Mill Ave has Cuties hot dog stand around the corner and Hooters down the road, so they want to show they can also have some young eye candy too to lure in the college crowd?  I don't know, but I thought it was over the top.  But hey, if you like that kinda thing, you'll really love this place!!  :-)
5	I'm pretty sure this is the best pizza I have ever had.  We split the bruschetta plank which was good, nothing spectacular and the garlic pizza.  The crust was cooked perfectly thin and had delicious flavor.  The ambiance was very nice as well.
4	It's funny to think that some dough, a little bit of tomato sauce and a few scattered ingredients has our country obsessed with pizza. Estimates say that the pizza industry is worth somewhere around $30 billion dollars annually with over 60,000 pizzerias in the U.S. alone. Better get on that treadmill because each one of us apparently consumes around 23 pounds of pizza per year.  Who says were the chubbiest nation?With those staggering numbers it's no surprise we have so many pizza joints vying for their piece of the pie. If you have any doubt, just go to famed Pizzeria Bianco on pretty much any night of the week they're open and expect a 2 hour wait minimum, obsession, oh yeah. Over the past few years I've chowed down on slices from The Parlor in Phoenix, Liberty Market in Gilbert and now my latest favorite La Bocca Urban Pizzeria in Tempe. Situated along bustling Mill Avenue, like it's namesake, La Bocca exudes hip-urban-cool without being pretentious or douchey. Outside LB there's a spacious patio that's perfect for sipping wine and watching the hunky college boys and girls saunter by. Inside the space is modern, dark and relaxed with low key music playing in the background and old foreign films projecting on the back wall. If you can, call ahead and reserve the orange banquette by the kitchen, probably the most comfortable seat in the house. Bruschetta Planks ($12) come 4 in an order, but with so many outstanding choices it's hard to choose. Smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone cheese and truffle oil was balanced with salty and sweet, but left me wanting more. Pulled pork, housemade pesto and roasted red pepper was on the bland side, though the roasted garlic, goat cheese, arugula and balsamic popped with flavor and texture.  I'd also suggest the smoked sockeye salmon with capers and chef's tartar sauce, reminded me of a dinner version of lox and bagels. Another great way to start might be with the Med Plate ($14). This is a huge plate filled with basil hummus, babaganoush, warm feta cheese, roasted peppers, queen creek olives, artisan toast, and house made flat bread. The consistency of the hummus was a little thick for my taste but still quite good paired with the creamy feta and salty olives. I was actually surprised as to how good the pizza really is here. The first taste of the Bocca Trio ($13) revealed with high quality ingredients and charred chewy crust. Topped with crushed San Marzano tomatoes, pepperoni, salami, Schreiner's "sicilian" sausage, mozzarella, fontina and olives LB's gas fired oven does an amazing job of caramelizing these toppings into a smoky and slightly sweet mouth parade. There are 7 pizzas to choose from but if you don't see something that suits your fancy, build your own pizza ($8) or calzone ($9). At a $1-$3 each, toppings can add up really fast so select wisely from their 30 or so choices. The only issue I have with La Bocca is that I didn't visit sooner.
4	I LOVE this place, favorite spot to drink a fine glass of vino on a beautiful evening in October!  DELISH Bruschetta, pizza, salads, croutons... Ya that's right!  La Bocca is awesome, right down to the croutons, folks!!
5	Wow! Been here twice now and loved the bruschetta!! I'm having a hard time finding any the rivals it in this area! The service has always been great and friendly. I love the cozy atmosphere!! I go on mondays to get the $10 off bottles of wine. They have a pretty decent selection.I wouldn't say its the best place to come for dinner but to get $10 off a bottle, enjoy some bruschetta and talk its perfect!
4	La Bocca is a great spot for pizza and wine, probably my favorite in the valley. Tonight was my third time and I enjoyed a margarita pizza with a glass of Russian Jack Pinot for half price before 630pm. The wine was very smooth to drink and an overall well rounded Pinot Noir - highly recommended. The pizza could have used a little more cheese in my opinion tonight, but all in all it suited what I was looking for in a great quick and light dinner.
5	The absolute best place to eat on Mill ave. Great date place with a nice ambiance. Service and host staff are very attractive AND friendly. This is a legit wine bar with many good and unique options. There pizza is above average. This is awesome for a date night or for a night out with friends.
4	Was here awhile back and Sharon H's review will sum it for atmosphere but i will try and cover my feelings on the taste.The bruchetta is great.Yeah really that simple. I haven't tried much but bruchetta here but haven't really been disappointed either. Even the ones that "haven't been a fan of" of the ones i tried when i have mixed and matched when getting to select I still would order over bruchetta at most places as they are still very good. Did try a pizza once and wasn't amazed but nothing stood out (it's been awhile since that). The bruchetta however comes to mind every time i hear the word.Oh and the service is very friendly and attentive. One night I was in and they had just finished a major catering event and it had said on the front door that the kitchen was going to be slow until about the time we arrived. Yet when we ordered and it took a bit to get the food (barely a delay in my book and if I hadn't been apologized to by the waiter probably wouldn't have know it was longer than normal) we got a nice little discount.
5	Went there again and had a great experience.  Really great. The pizza was phenomenal and the bruschetta was totally awesome, as always. And this time I'm giving 5 stars because the hostesses were fully clothed and dressed appropriately!  :-)
5	To keep it simple: La Bocca is sexy, posh, upbeat, fun. The staff is always super down to earth, respectful, and attentive. I love the energy of this place.. The food? Phenomenal. Fresh ingredients.. delicious wine selection.I'm addicted.. and going here again tomorrow night.
5	La Bocca is great.  Since I work in downtown Tempe I go here often for lunch.   The food is consistently great.  We often order the bruschetta planks - which are wonderful.  The fig-prosciutto is my favorite, but the pesto here is also  incredible.  The roast beef sandwich is also wonderful.  How DOES the chef make that special sauce he puts on it?  The atmosphere is friendly and chic.  The service is always down to earth and attentive. Yesterday we had Laren Chamberlain as our server and she was great. Looking back, I have ALWAYS had great service.    The half priced wine at "happy hour" (from noon to six, I think) is like getting a present (when the bill comes). I'm betting that one of the biggest challenges for restaurants is to be consistently good, and La Bocca has done it.  The food is ALWAYS great.   The service is ALWAYS  attentive.  Keep up the good work.
5	La Bocca has become one of my fave places to go. A few little quirks in service the first few times we went, but the atmosphere and food made up for the very minor service issues. On a side note, these issues were really no big deal, they handled them appropriately and professionally.Best bruschetta in town, and the happy hour is awesome!Don't think, just go.
5	Delicious food and a really classy atmosphere! The staff has always been very nice & helpful and the menu is quite affordable. Get the bruschetta!!!
4	My friend and I decided to try this place for happy hour around lunchtime since it's such a short walk from ASU.  I ordered a glass of the crossing, which was tangy, and a little on the dry side with a fruity aroma.  Going off of a college student's budget, we shared a plate of the bruschetta which was a bit pricey for 4 slices of baguette with toppings, but delicious nonetheless. Pulled pork and salmon were my two favorite! The atmosphere is great and it's always lively and full of people- plus it's a great location.
3	Me and three girlfriends headed to La Bocca for Happy Hour after reading all the wonderful Yelp reviews. I was really excited on my way there, but left feeling underwhelemd. For me, it felt a little big, commercial, the decor was kinda cheesy - think red leather chairs, Pier1 Important wall sconces, even a "VIP" looking lounge in red velour. Hardly, original or intimiate enough to be considered an authentic "wine bar" in my opinion. If you're a regular at chain restaurants you'll probably think this is a cute place (call me a snob, whatever). Let's talk about the wine list at this "wine bar" --- it was okay but they were out of our first two choices of red - not ideal for a wine bar. Then, we ordered our bruchetta for our table of four and were annoyed when it came out cut in halves. Knowing we were sharing the plate, maybe the waitress should have clued us in? We ended up ordering a second board for the table so we could each try the variety. I do have to say, the bruchetta was good. We were clearly there for happy hour on a Wednesday night (which I do love goes until 6:30pm) but found it a little rude that the waitress came by six minutes after the mark to ask if we wanted a second round. There was no grace period so we paid full price. We did notice, that our full price glasses of wine were filled to the brim - so maybe 1/2 price = have the wine? Don't get me wrong... the place is cute enough, would def seem like a "fancy date night place" if I were still in college. I'd go again with girlfriends but won't be racing back with my husband. I wish we would have tried more food because that seems to be the key to this place. Ambiance and service are good - not great. Oh, and the music could use some updating. The playlist was... eh... interesting Maybe it's my love of Postino or maybe its because I was on Mill Avenue I was instantly judging the place.
5	My husband and I have made this restaurant one of our frequent dining spots. Not only are the bruschetta planks fantastic (MUCH better in my opinion than a popular, more snooty wine cafe restaurant praised in Phoenix.) The prosciutto and truffle oil plank is my favorite, and the use of heirloom tomato's whenever they are in season is a very nice, and tasty touch. Drinks are excellent and fresh, and the staff has always been friendly.    My favorite part though, is the cozy, unpretentious atmosphere. From college students to working professionals, you really won't feel out of place whether you're in casual-wear or gussied up for a date.    If you are coming here expecting to be surrounded by the plastic of Scottsdale and the attitude to match, you will probably be dissapointed. But, if you are looking for a cozy relaxing place to enjoy a meal, or go on a date, this is a perfect spot.
5	We just went to La Bocca for girls night last night and had the best time!  Our waiter, Levi was absolutely amazing!  Not only he did he take the time to explain menu items he also gave us great suggestions when it came to the wines and dessert:)  The food was awesome, the atmosphere was perfect and Levi was the best!  La Bocca is going to be the new girls night spot for us and we will aways request Levi:)
3	I have to take a star off for the spotty service I received the last time I was here for  lunch. I understand there was only one waiter at the time but the restaurant was not busy and we waited forever to get our food and we had to wait again to get our bill. By the end up lunch I was really irritated with the service and felt like I paid way to much for a lunch that did nothing but disappoint me. Minus another star!
4	Solid, adult option on Mill that offers you a chance to dine among the younger set without feeling like a dirty old man or woman...but, don't stare too long, because you can still cross the line if you don't check your pervy leering. I've generally kept my drinking and eating here to the bar (better for leering) and I have always had good friendly service. They offer solid drink choices, wine, and even have Tripel Karmeliet on tap, a rarity to see outside of bottles. Last time I had the "med plate" which included a very good babaganoush and humus with excellent house made flat bread. Every time I have had their pizza, I have always been more than satisfied, the truffled mushroom pizza is a real winner. Inside, in keeping with the adult theme, it is upscale and cozy, and just the right amount of dim lighting so you can hide, I mean sit, in the corner and enjoy leering, I mean, conversing with your company...granted you may need to talk loudly or get closer because it can be a little noisy at times.
4	I am a meat person especially when it comes to pizza. With that being said, once I tried the margherita pizza at La Bocca I couldn't help but love it in all its simplicity. They really know how to make great balanced flavors with minimal ingredients. I love the portions and was pleasantly surprised with the prices. They have an excellent pomegranate margarita and the serice has always been excellent. It's a nice change from the usual clubs and bars on Mill.
4	We stopped here to get a few drinks right before they closed Friday night because it was happy hour. We didn't eat. The drinks on happy hour are dirt cheap. I had a tall beer for $2.50 and my friend had a glass of wine for $4. The server was friendly and funny and wasn't rude to us for going in as late as we did. I need to go back in here and try the food, because I'm sure its delicious.
5	After three unsuccessful attempts, I finally made it to La Bocca, and fourth time's a charm! The food was perfectly executed, the service on point and the ambiance relaxing and casual on a weekday afternoon.The order:Flight of three ice creams (sorbet - strawberry, lemon, basil, Maya Farm Mint with Chocolate Chips, Salted Caramel with Toasted Almonds) $5Bruschetta planks: pulled pork, housemade pesto, roasted red pepperMozz, basil, roma tomato, qc olive oil & balsamicMargarita pizzaWarm queen creek olives and artisan toastMediterranean plate: basil hummus, babaganoush with warm feta, roasted peppers, queen creek olives, artisan toast and house made flat breadA 5-star experience all the way.
5	I adore La Bocca and at any given time, I'm probably thinking about when I get to go to there next. The bruschetta is unbelievably delicious. My mouth is watering just writing about it. They have 8 different options and you can choose 4 with each order. I normally get  the smoked prosciutto & fig, pulled pork & pesto, roasted garlic & goat cheese, and the pesto with roma tomato. Yum. Yum. Yum. I've had a few of the pizzas and loved them. My new favorite is the goat cheese & pear salad. Honestly I have never tried anything I wasn't completely satisfied with. They offer a nice drink selection and have different specials most days of the week. The atmosphere is sophisticated and relaxed. If you haven't been to La Bocca, please go. Right now.
5	In order to avoid waiting for a table, my friend and I went to the bar. Then we found out that they serve the full menu at the bar, we decided to skip the wait and just eat at the bar.The service at the bar was phenomenal. I was famished and borderline grumpy with a slight headache, but the waitress at the bar immediately brought out delicious bread sticks drizzled with olive oil and basil-bits. We ordered and the empathetic waitress came by later to check up on us.The garlic pizza and the mushroom truffle pizza melted in my mouth.Great food, great service, great atmosphere. When I come back and visit the area next time, I will definitely be stopping by this place.
5	This is my favorite spot in the entire Valley, and with their Tuesday night BOGO pizza deal, it can't get any better!Definitely don't skip the bruschetta! My favorites are the pesto with tomato, the artichoke with roasted red pepper, the garlic, and the queen creek olive with ricotta and basil (which isn't on the menu, so you have to ask for it). Last night, Boyfriend and I ordered two garden pizzas. I think that's my favorite! We've also had their garlic pizza (I probably wouldn't get that one again, but it's the only thing I've been disappointed in on their menu), the truffled mushroom pizza (awesome!), and I LOVE their goat cheese & pear salad.  Boyfriend has also enjoyed the Sicily pizza before. Two big thumbs up from me. I've been here with friends, with classmates, on dates, and before events at Gammage. I have always left pleased with the experience. Give La Bocca a try! You won't be disappointed.
5	La Bocca is a classy pizza and wine bar restaurant located in the middle of Mill Ave.  I came here with a friend from out of town.  Earlier in the day we hiked South Mountain and we walked around the Dessert Botanical Gardens.  I don't think she had enough food throughout the day, so she was famished when we got there.  I thought she was ready to pass out.  We skipped eating at a table and went straight to the bar.  I notified the bartender that my friend needed some bread right away.  She was very concerned and got us fresh bread with olive oil and basil.  I think this item actually cost money, but I did not see it on the bill.Throughout the night, she frequently checked up on us to see how we were doing.  My friend got the mushroom truffle pizza with goat cheese and spinach, and I got the garlic pizza.  We got the bottle of Riesling, and it is half off bottles on Sunday and Monday.  In addition, you are not forced to finish it all as they recork it and pack it to go.The decor had a very dark and intimate setting.  This would be a great place to take a girl on a date.  Near the bar, they have black and white movies playing all night.  The bartender even told us that if we had a certain request, they would go out and find it and play it for the future.This was a very pleasant and welcoming experience, and I will definitely visit again!
2	Again, this is part of my comittment to try a restaurant 3 times before reviewing.  My 3rd visit was this weekend and the feeling is still the same.... Bocca is just another Postino rip off, only with average pizza added to the menu.  The pizza is nothing special.  The sandwiches are okay, but you can find better at a deli.  Beer list is decent.  (Tripel Karmaliete, yes!) Bruschetta Planks are just like the boards at Postino.  Literally, only one was different (pulled pork and pesto).  You get more at postino and they cut them into halves at Bocca while they are sliced into 4 pieced at postino so more people can try them.Simply put... it's decent for a spot on Mill Ave, but there is absolutely nothing special about this place.  Blaaaaah.
4	This is a chic pizza place over by the college.  The inside is pretty cool and the lighting is nice, definitely liked the decor.As an appetizer, we got a bruschetta plank, the fig and prosciutto were the highlights.  I would've gotten only those if I had realized how much better they were.  Seriously tasty little morsels of cheesy, meaty, sweetness.  We also ordered a little sangria to wet our whistles which went really well with our pizza.For dinner we split the meat trio pizza.  The pizzas are easy to split, it seemed like just enough food.  Pizza is pizza to me, I think once you reach this level of restaurant it's all the same.  It's good.  Try it.And don't forget to pick the fruit off the bottom of your sangria glass!
4	I love pizza.  So when I stubbled across this place with my wife, we rejoiced.  This is a weekly staple of ours.  We love to go for drinks, brushetta, and pizza.  Finish that off with their molten cookie dessert... So amazing.
5	First time at this restaurant. Very intimate atmosphere on the high end side visually but relatively inexpensive. Met with two other couples and had attentive service. Steve was an awesome server and the food was amazing. Highly recommended for a date or for a night out with friends.
3	We decided to check out the sister restaurant of Canteen Modern Tequila.  We were told a 20min wait... 50 mins later our party was seated.  We ordered the anti pasta which was tasty.  All of our pizza's were good, nice thinner crust and quality toppings.  Overall nice atmosphere, food is good but not special, slow service...
3	Went here for a small bite last night. It was OK. Only had the bruschetta and wine but wasn't overly impressed with this place. It was a Saturday night and crowded but it was very dark, mood lighting I guess since there were alot of people on dates. Bruschetta was OK, not the best I've had not the worst. Sangria was OK. I might try it again to taste the pizza but we'll see. If you are in the area give it a try but don't make it a specific destination.
4	Ok - I loved this place!  Great food and service and loved the variety.We started with the cheese plate - delish.  Good combo of breads/crackers, dried fruit, and 3 types of cheese (we chose a goat cheese, brie, and some hard cheese that had truffle oil in it.)Next up, was a plank of bruschetta.  Our choices were the proscuitto & fig, pulled pork (wow!), roasted garlic (also wow) and fresh mozz/tomato/basil.  All were seriously great and would love to try some of the other options.My friend & split the heirloom beet & tomato salad and it was as promised - full of flavor.  The shallot vinegrette complimented the salad perfectly.  Our other friend had a turkey, brie & fig sandwich and said it was also great.Although we were quite full, we couldn't resist trying out the "Crave" Artisan ice cream. The dessert featured 3 flavors and they were outstanding - mint chocolate chip, banana toffee, and salted carmel almond. The only disappointing aspect of our dinner was the red wine sangria - no one in our party of 3 really liked it. However, everything else was so good that I wouldn't hesitate to return....if only I lived nearby!!
5	I was visiting from out of town and stumbled upon this place while checking out Mill Ave. Best discovery ever! We were there on a Monday which happened to be 1/2 off bottles of wine. The bartender, Dulia, only works Monday but try to go see her, she's very friendly and knowledgable. We started with the bruschetta plank (you pick 4 types and get 2 of each) and took Dulia's suggestions for dinner (I had a turkey,brie, and fig sandwich that I still dream about) and dessert. The dessert was amazing: a fresh baked, deep dish macadamia nut cookie with banana, caramel ice cream. It tastes like fresh baked banana nut bread. So delicious. Stop by id you're in the area. You wont be disappointed.
4	The first night we tried to go here, the hostess apologetically told us she couldn't seat us because they were understaffed and the Manager hadn't come in yet. (someone didn't show up for work?) But she was helpful in recommending some other places for us to go, since we were visiting from out of town.A few nights later we finally made it to a table.Yumyumyum. We had red sangria (dangerously juicy, but not cloying), several pizzas, and salads, all shared family style. Only complaint about the food was that the beet salad seemed to be mostly tomatoes. Everything else was very, very good,Our server was really nice and helpful, and when her shift finished before we did, she brought the server who would be taking over for her to the table to introduce her. A nice touch. Their cocktail list is very fun and diverse, and they also have a well-selected list of wines and beers.
4	My fave place on Mill Ave.They have great happy hour deals and it's fun to sit out on the patio and people watch.  The sangria is light and refreshing and I would definitely recommend the Mediterranean plate...it's delicious!
2	This place has a pattern for bad service, which is unfortunate since the food is excellent.  The cooks never make a mistake, however whoever staffs this place is way too conservative.  It's always packed, but the servers are running around crazy trying to services their 10 tables each.  If I have a craving for flatbread sandwiches, soups, and salads, I'm going to have to go with Kokopelis in downtown Chandler or one of the other dime-a-dozen artisan bistros/wine bars out there :(
4	This is a really chic place. Cool lighting and I like the ambiance a lot! I came here with a party of 7 on a Friday night and the wait was supposed to be 45 minutes. However, within 10 minutes, the hostess came out and offered the sofa/lounge area that fit us pretty well. It was hard to situate our food though, on the 2 small tables, especially since most of us were splitting dishes.Here's what we ordered:Mojito - small glass, pretty refreshing with cucumber and on the strong sidePrickly Pear Margarita - large glass, doesn't taste like a typical margarita fyiLong Island - strong! but gets the job done :)Goat Cheese + Pear Salad - Yum! I'd ask for the vinaigrette dressing on the side, because the last few bites are very acidic. Sicily Pizza with added mushrooms - about 10 inch size -- definitely enough for 1 hungry person and pretty yummy, but there wasn't much sauce. I highly recommend adding mushrooms because there wasn't that many toppings.Other members of my party shared a calzone - those are massive! I definitely want to try one next time :)
5	I just experienced the best service ever from Dulia (I believe was her name) at La Bocca tonight!I knew it was going to be a good night when she warned my friend that the Lemoncillo was made with Everclear and very strong. Rather than bringing the drink, she suggested that my friend try the lemoncillo before ordering and brought a small glass of lemoncillo and orangecillo. She was right - both of the "cillo's" were very strong. I decided on a glass of red sangria and my friend a mojito. Both were delicious! As for food, I ordered the bruschetta and was impressed. Out of the 4 types of bruschetta I ordered, I recommend the proschutto bruschetta. I'm a huge fan of salmon so I ordered the smoked salmon one as well, but was slightly disappointed. Both of my friends ordered pizzas (because on Tuesdays they have a 2 for 1 pizza special) and both of them seemed to enjoy their meals as much as, if not more than I. I anticipate going back soon, especially after seeing two girls next to me get the cookie dessert!Overall, highly recommended!
5	I have been to La Bocca about 6 times, and each time this place has been very good. I have tried several pizzas, several salads, the antipasto plate, and the bruschetta. All have been really tasty. So I went here tonight with the BF before we went to see Stephen Hawking for his birthday (the BF's, not SH's). We went for happy hour, intending to just get a bruschetta plank, but ended up being super hungry and getting a bunch of food. We were seated right away, which was nice. For happy hour, all wine and beer by the glass is half off. We ordered some wine, I got the Riesling and he got the pinot grigio. I really liked the riesling and he liked the pinot, but I wasn't a fan. To each his own though. So we ordered the bruschetta plank with the prosciutto, fig, and mascarpone, the tomato, mozz, basil, and balsamic, the pulled pork and peston, and the garlic, arugula, and goat cheese. They were all excellent. So in comparison to Postino, I'd say these are on par (with the tomato and mozz one being way better here). Plus we didn't have to wait forever for the food. Each piece of bruschetta is smaller than the ones at postino though. We ended up ordering a margherita pizza. This was so good, it was exactly what I expect in a good margherita pizza. It had whole leaves of basil and the mozz clearly came from a ball of cheese and not shredded cheese. It all tasted really fresh. I thought this pizza was much better than the Marg. I got at Classic Italian Pizza a few weeks ago. The crust was a lot less burnt and the toppings tasted fresher. Then, cuz it's the BF's Bday, we got an order of tiramisu. Mmmmm this was so good! The tiramisu did not have an overwhelming alcohol flavor, but a very light coffee flavor that was very tasty. It had a really good sized piece of tiramisu with two little wafers in it and some chocolate sauce and raspberry sauce on the side. It was excellent! This was one of the best meals I've had in awhile, and I don't know if it was the wine, but this was also the best meal I've had at La Bocca.
5	This is some of the best pizza in town.  You would never know it if you weren't looking for it.  Everything here is good.  Great place for pizza, wine and sit outside and watch the people walk by.
5	best bruschetta ever!!! out of the many times that i've been, the ingredients are always fresh!TO TRY: the bruschetta (i always get the pesto, roasted garlic, roasted artichoke and lastly the mozzarella, basil, etc), caprese salad is VERY good and i've tried the white chocolate macadamia cookie with ice cream on top! it was great!NOT SO GOOD: i found the Mediterranean plate slightly disappointing, as I LOVE hummus and the taste of their hummus fell short and was rather salty for me. they're caesar salad was not one of my favorites either.other than that, the atmosphere is great and i try to take at least a monthly trip to la bocca for my beloved bruschetta!P.S. my most recent visit to La Bocca and a check-in on Yelp earned me a free cookie with ice cream on top :O)
5	I will always remember my first time. It was a late Tuesday night, the lights were dim and the music was soft. I wasn't really sure where to start - but I was lucky to be with a date that was willing to show me. Honestly, I love La Bocca SO much it's a romantic affair! I have spent many of nights on the patio, enjoying glass after glass of wine with good company. Before I go on to rant about the food, I MUST talk about the decor. There is nothing fancy about La Bocca. Yet, for some reason I always feel the need to put on a cute dress before walking (should I say running!) over. La Bocca reminds me of a little wine bar you would find tucked behind a corner in Paris. The ceilings are high, the lights are always low and the style is eclectic. I love the random artwork and the walls of windows. When I first found La Bocca I had very little wine knowledge. Now, three years later I know the menu like the back of my hand! The staff is always more than willing to offer tasters and educate me about what flavors I should be looking for, the body etc.The menu is small, however everything on it is superb! In my opinion you would be doing yourself a disservice if you miss the goat cheese & pear salad. Crafted together with a spring mix, sweet candied walnuts, fresh cranberries and a balsamic vinaigrette, it is just plain amazing. I have tried many many many times to remake it and for some reason can't get it to be half as good as La Bocca.
4	What a great atmosphere for relaxing with some friends, wine, and good food.  We started off with the bruschetta since everyone raved about it.  It was very good, and lived up to the reviews, I liked the pesto one far better than any of the three others that I tried, although they were all very good.  The pesto one was just fantastic.  I ordered the garlic pizza for my meal, and it was good but not as good as I was hoping for.  Overall I'd love to go back again and try a few different pizzas as it was hard to decide on just one.  My wife said that the baked cookie dessert was awesome, but order it ahead as they bake it when you order it and it takes a good 15 minutes.
4	I went with a fairly large group for dinner on a Friday night. I like the atmosphere and the decor. It was spacious and the large painting over the bar was pretty cool. They also had an old black and white Japanese movie playing on silent on the screen. It added a little quirkiness to the place.The sangria was delicious! I split a couple carafes with some friends and I could've drank it all night. It wasn't too strong and it was filled with fruit. The bruschetta like most everybody has mentioned was very tasty. I tried the pesto bruschetta and the flavors worked really well together. I wasn't overwhelmed with the pesto which was great. I'd definitely come back the next time I'm in Tempe.
4	Some hits and some misses.Hits : bruschetta and saladsMisses: Pizzas other then the margherita (luckily though I got the scrumptious tomato and mozzarella pizza)Great service and pretty good food.
4	I was in Tempe for the weekend of my birthday, and a friend's mom recommended this place for a big group. So, having never been here, I still booked it... and... it was great! The food was yummy- I highly recommend (along with everyone else that has reviewed already) the bruschetta. Also, the Sangria was delicious! The fruit was obviously very fresh. The only thing I might have changed was the fact that we had only one server for a reservation of 15. She got a little overwhelmed (which, was understandable... since we were a big group)... but, I had made reservations. Besides that, the service really was great, and I did not regret my decision for choosing this place.
4	I went here for happy hour with a girlfriend and we sat out on the patio. I liked that they didn't try to cram too many tables onto the patio and it was comfortable to sit out there without feeling crowded. Their drink specials are good. I had their red and their white sangria (hey I wanted to try both) and I thought the white was better. I enjoyed the beet salad which was excellent, very fresh and a good size. The flavors were really good. My friend and I split some bruschetta: the smoked prosciuto was good though I couldn't really taste the truffle oil; roasted artichoke, eh, it was just ok; roasted garlic with goat cheese and arugula was excellent. I loved the spicy bite of the arugula with the sweetness of the balsamic. I would come back here for another glass of sangria and to try some more menu items. Onnly bad thing was the service was iffy; server was not very friendly and wasn't very attentive. But she did bring the check promptly when asked so not terrible.
5	I work nearby so this is a regular stop for lunch, dinner, happy hour or just a quick glass of wine to unwind.  Good service, delicious food... what more can you ask for?
4	Just tried this place after buying a Localdines certificate, and it was pretty great.  The bruschetta was great.....the roasted garlic, goat cheese and arugula w/ balsamic was my favorite!  We also had the Margarita pizza, which I though was good, but not great.  I also had the Pomegranate Margarita which was very tasty, but weak.Nice decor, friendly staff, nice outdoor patio.  All in all, we'll definitely go back.
5	La Bocca is top notch if you are looking for great, authentic style pizza with a classy, urban vibe. Their pizza margherita is the CLOSEST pizza I have found to that of actual Italy and all of their pizza is VERY fresh and they use amazing ingredients. Try their white wine sangria, it is the best I have found in the valley. Also, try getting the tables with couches, it gives your dinner a nice atmosphere. I would definately go out here with friends or on a date.
4	I love the ambient lighting and artsy decor. Wine was good. Great flavoring, slight hint of sweetness. Would recommend the Truffled Mushroom Pizza or one of their bruschetta planks. Tiramisu once again proves itself. :)
5	I love La Bocca!!!  When we have friends come in from out of town, we always bring them here.  I love bruschetta, and their's is honestly the best I've ever had.  I split a plank with my best friend and we're full with just that.  The cookie and ice cream dessert is well worth the wait.  Their entire menu is delicious and reasonably priced.
4	So I'm not usually an urban-pizzeria+wine-bar type of girl, BUT I really  enjoyed La Bocca! It's a nice laid back spot for meeting friends, dinner dates, girls night outs, and those sort of things that dimly lit atmospheres usually foster. I tried a few of their appetizers with a couple of glasses of sangria and liked it all. I'd definitely come here if I lived closer. This place is pretty busy so make sure you prepare accordingly if you're coming with a sizable group.
3	Had high hopes.  The portions are okay.  The food is good, but for the price I think you should get a little bit more.  This is afterall on Mill Avenue.  And in a weird way, seems out of place there.  The Sunday we came in, we ordered a bunch of sangrias and pizza along with bruschetta boards.  The bruschetta board was by far the tastiest, but unlike at Postino's I didn't feel completely satiated.  Maybe because it was so tasty I wanted more?  The sangria was good, but again, the pitcher for the price seems awfully heavy with ice and orange slices.  The interior is really pretty.  I could see fancier college students go on dates here.  (Nice to have one more option before a Gammage show other than House of Tricks!).  The day we went we saw a large group of women gathered for a bridal shower and they were having a fabulous time.  Apparently the restaurant will accomodate larger crowds and parties so good to know!
4	Great service every time. Food is excellent. Levi is the best server.Great place for a few glasses of wine, fun atmosphere & delicious food. The ice cream is amazing!
5	Pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  It's nice to see a place that fits this atmosphere and doesn't charge an arm and a leg for it.  Everything on the menu was great (although the mushroom pizza had a pile of spinach on it???) and the service was friendly and efficient.  Everyone recommends the planks, as well as La Bocca themselves, and there's no wonder why.  They were fantastic.  Sit on the patio if it's not 100 degrees out and have a great evening.  We'll be back for sure.
4	This place in my mind is Postinos meets Bianco. It has great Bruschetta (not as good as Postinos) and good Pizza (not as good as Bianco's), but put them together and you have a good restaurant. The atmosphere is great too and the location right on Mill is awesome. All in all a great place.
4	Great place on Mill Ave for happy hour or a casual work lunch.  Bruschetta plate is always delicious and allows you to choose a nice mix of toppings.  A couple of my favorites are the smoked prosciutto, marscapone & fig and the roasted artichoke, sauteed spinach & red pepper.Wine is reasonably priced (and discounted for happy hour), and the salads are tasty.  The balsamic drizzle on the caprese salad was thick and sweet - much higher quality than you'd find at most restaurants.Outdoor seating is a great option when it's not too hot out, and service has always been prompt and courteous.  Overall, a good option when you are looking for a step up in quality from most of the other restaurants on Mill.
3	Well, I'm 5 years out of college (sigh) and this place made me aware of the fact. This place had "undergrad-boner" written all over it, which isn't bad. Junior year Erin would have just died to have this place in my college town to cavort to with girlie-friendsies. Just something to take note of if you're in the dreaded "middle-late twenties" like me. (A term I coined because I refuse to grow up. Wah.)It was all simply *OK.* The red sangria was *ok* (I know they had signs up about how their white sangria is award-winning and maybe I should have gone with that but...meh), the service was *ok*, the ambiance was *ok* (Trying a little too hard but no doubt impressing the 12-top of 21 year olds having a girls night out.)The pizza was pretty tasty, but the Garden pizza, which sounded amazeballs with "roasted zucchini, sauteed mushrooms, red onion, white cheddar, blue cheese and arugula tossed in balsamic reduction with white truffle oil" was a bit underwhelming. Let's see...- Zucchini, mushrooms and onion: BARELY there. Maybe one piece of each on each slice.- White cheddar: Indiscernible - Blue cheese: Yay, I could taste it! And I'm a big blue cheese fan so this was good- Arugula: Yay, tons! I'm an arugula fangirl so this was another plus. "tossed in a balsamic reduction?" More like "barely drizzled with bals vin.- White truffle oil: None. Sniffle.I could be persuaded to go back for the bruschetta boards and more wine, but as it stands it just wasn't the stellar experience it had the potential to be.
3	I appreciate that they have about 8 bruschetta options to choose from, the pesto with diced tomato and fig with mascarpone and prosciutto are my favorite. I get mine without the too bitter balsamic they use. I also like the sandwiches which are made on really fresh bread. The only complaint I have about La Bocca is their almost always slow service, It usually takes at least 10 minutes to get any kind of drink order. Once, I sat at the bar for 20 minutes without being acknowledged by the underwhelmed staff at 2 in the afternoon. Their drinks are nothing to rave about. The sangria is so so but it's also only 5 bucks a glass. The other signature drinks which come mostly as martinis are absurdly sweet. Good place for lunch with a girlfriend but I feel the place is more gimmick than quality. Nonetheless, it is a fair option for those who don't want to drive to Postino for bruschetta.
5	I'm obsessed with this place! Best bruschetta I've ever had. I love all the flavors but you must get the fig, marscarpone, and prosciutto. The flavors mix together so well. I even like the salmon one, although I was a little scared to try it.  I got in to their Facebook fan party recently though and it was a great way to try some things on their menu I hadn't had before.  Also tried their mojito at the party which I would have never ordered since I generally go their for the wine selection, but it was delicious! One of the best I've had.The Happy Hour is also awesome! Totally recommend giving it a shot if you're in the area and it may even be worth the drive if you're coming from outside of Tempe.
5	When an experience is perfect, I've gotta give it five stars.  The hostess, waitress and chef we're friendly and helpful.I had a caprese sandwich.  They bake their own pannini rolls fresh every morning.  This is a winner
4	It's small in a cozy way. The service is great and the food is too. Very eclectic.
5	Be sure to see Taylor, her service is great, the food is awesome, had roast beef sandwich ...and a plank of bruschetta!  But without good service the experience lacks. Be sure to try it out.
5	I love La Bocca's Bruschetta so much! La Bocca is definitely one of my favorite places in Tempe to go. Their sangrias are great, I've had the white and the red and they both are very flavorful without being too much. Most of all however, I have to talk about the bruschetta because that's what I get every time I go. I always get the same thing - one caprese, one pesto tomato, and two prosciutto goat cheese fig. They are all fab but really I could probably get four prosciutto goat cheese fig ones because those are the best!! Absolutely delicious. I've also had their limoncello which is pretty tasty. I go to La Bocca all of the time and it's definitely my favorite spot on Mill Ave.
5	So everyone says Pizzeria Bianco has the best pizza in AZ right? Well not exactly. La Bocca does by a longshot. If you like a variety of toppings that you can pick (unlike Pizzeria Bianco), this is your place. AND perfect crust. The antipasti plate ROCKS as well. This is a must, especially on a nice day so you can sit on the patio and people watch. I hope this place stays around for a long time! :)
5	I absolutely adore this restaurant. I will keep coming back and back, and here is why.The food simply rocks. Their pizza is the perfect thin crust, with HUGE air bubbles around the outside edge and almost charred on the bottom. Sheer perfection. No soggy deep dish for this gal! The pizzas on their menu are unique and delicious, and they have a great selection of toppings if you want to create your own. My very favorite is the Porco pizza - pulled pork and serrano chiles! YUM. And the bruschetta...let's not even go there. I could eat the proscuitto, mascarpone, and fig bruschetta for every meal of the day. You get to pick four pieces and I would consider ordering all four of that one (heh). Although, the pulled pork&roasted red pepper and caprese (fresh mozz, basil, tomato, and balsamic) deserve a mention too. Everything tastes so fresh and so wonderful.The ambiance is great there, especially if it's a little busy inside. They have this gorgeous painting of a lady above the bar, and it looks like she's watching over you with a solemn and beautiful eyes while you stuff your face with bruschetta and sangria. The lighting is semi-dim and every table gets a candle. This place would be awesome for a date or a night out with the girlfriends. As far as the service, I've never had bad service there. I honestly appreciate that their servers are not too nosy and don't check up on you every two seconds - I want to enjoy my meal and any good server should be able to tell if you need something (like a refill) without having to bother you. And they never do. Which is a plus in my book. However, if you happen to be one of those extra-needy/picky customers who want something every two minutes (you know who you are), maybe this place is not for you. Last but not least...the price is right. Not too expensive, and I feel that the quality of food provided is excellent and consistent. Normally when I go with another person, our bill is always under $40. If you've never been - check it out!
3	I live in downtown Phoenix; Boyfriend lives in Tempe. After two years of getting our date on at places like Postino's, St. Francis, the Rokerij, Dick's Hideaway, and Padre's, we decided we needed a Tempe date place. Friday night we decided to check out La Bocca.In short. it's okay. Nice environment, good service, pretty good pizza, and great ice cream flight for dessert. But this is tempered with over priced wine (almost $20 for two glasses of HOUSE wine?), small pieces of bruschetta (tasty - scratch that - REALLY tasty, but the slices are teeny tiny), and it's on Mill, so most of the other patrons are frat guys trying to impress sorority sisters, and if you're lucky, you'll get to see a couple of Greeks making out. Yum? There was a table of older people tucked into a corner who didn't seem to mind the age gap, but in my late-20s, I was not very much amused.The good service, cool atmosphere, tasty bruschetta choices, and creative, thin crust pizza get this place three stars. The over priced wine and bruschetta (seriously, we usually get bruschetta at Postino's for the same price for 4 people, and then I am too full to order dinner, but at La Bocca I was ready for round two after my half of the plate), and the fact that it's on Mill keeps it from 5 stars. We both really wanted to like this place, but I think next time we want to get dressed up and go out on the East side, we'll try somewhere else. In the meantime, we'll stick to downtown.
1	WORST PIZZERIA EVER!!!!!  DON'T DO IT!!!!  Soggy pizza & POOR service.  Went today for lunch - YUK!  Our waiter (Steve) could hardly be found and no others were readily available to us either!!  I DO NOT RECOMMEND this place to anyone with any sense of taste!!!  The decor is quaint though.  I highly recommend the owner spend time there during daylight hours, other than the cute atmosphere this place was horrendous!!!
5	Ive been here twice now, and looking forward to the next visit.Their food is awesome. Unique and delicious pizzas (and like Jennifer mentioned, huge air bubbles around the crust. *whispers* Thats my favorite part.). Their bruschettas are ALL amazing. And, IMO, the best dessert is the trio of salty caramel, banana toffee, and actual mint mint chocolate chip ice creams. I would honestly go back just for that.The first time we sat at the bar, and felt like we were hanging out w/ one of our friends the bartender was so nice (and she poured a great martini).The second time we sat in one of the comfy couch corners for happy hour (drinks only) and our waitress was equally as inviting.
1	I have tried twice now - NO BUENO!!!!  I had such high hopes for this place.  VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!  :(
3	Decoration is really a catch. I went there to celebrate a friend's birthday a year ago. As you can realize I haven't gone back again. That's how big is the impact of their pizzas. And don't get me wrong...they are ok, but I guess for pizzas I rather go to places I've rated 4 or 5.
4	Mill Street was entertaining...I met up with a friend from Az while visiting my mom and sister here because the Sushi place accross the street went out of business...We sat outside and I got to watch everyone as they walke by. We had a antipasta plate, was very good.  I havent really eve had anything like it.  The drinks were good and the waiter we had was quirky and professional.  We went on a Monday night and was not busy at all, of course!  Also had a pizzookie, YUMM!
5	I have to say I always have a great time and the food is spot on.  They also have a current and rotatling wine menu, so just very happy times everytime I have been here.
5	I just love La Bocca. I have been here a handful of times for both lunch and dinner. There bruschetta is sooo good!! Most of them at least. The pizzas are definitely not the typical pizza they have different ingredients most places dont have. Everytime I go the service is excellent and the servers know they're wine selection. Good place to go with friends for a snack and drinks also a great date place!
5	I'm stopping by for another lunch at La Bocca Urban Pizzeria, and I have to reflect upon why this is one of my favorite Arizona restaurants.  We discovered La Bocca several years back (along with some of our grad student friends), and have been hooked ever since.  The cuisine (and in particular the pizza!) has been consistently great, with matching service.  The new items that have been added to the menu over the last couple years have been interesting and have added variety.  Regular specials keep us stopping by throughout the week.  The nicest element, though, was to see La Bocca reach a point over the last year of comfortable, stable popularity, and to see the character of the restaurant change.  Instead of scrapping with the other restaurants on Mill to grab every customer they can, they focused instead on building relationships with their existing customer base.  I find it refreshing to find a restaurant where they really care about making your experience great, not for the tip but because they want you to be a regular.  The waitstaff makes a real effort to get to know the customers...feels nice not to be "table 12".The food is dynamite, as it has been -- I always struggle between the Porco and the Bocca Trio pizzas, while my wife can never decide between the Truffled Mushroom and the Garden Veggie.  The pizza crust is wonderful and crackly, the toppings fresh and delicious, and the flavor combinations in their signature pizzas unique and exciting.  The menu is short enough to not be overwhelming, but has an enormous range to offer, and the drinks selection is similarly impressive (try the red sangria!).  The bruschettas are just as awesome as the pizzas, and the salads are nuts!!  During the pleasant months, I love the patio -- even has heaters, and there is no better post to watch the Saturday night wildlife on Mill.As I am writing this, I have once again seen the service that makes me love this place.  The waitress, after very friendly greetings and taking my order, has seen me working and stepped back, keeping my drink perfectly full and quietly checking with me whenever I take a break.  If you are in a talkative mood, they will all but sit down and chat.  Happy to have such an awesome spot within walking distance!
4	I love their pizzasAnd now they have pastas, and they're awesome too!I still prefer Postino's bruschetta... but I can't seem to put my finger on why.  I think it might be the bread....
4	I have eaten here on several occasions. Not surprising, since I practically live in the Brickyard. Love the pizza. Definitely the best pizza place on Mill. My favorite is the truffled mushroom pizza. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a trendy and quiet place on Mill for lunch or dinner.
3	La Bocca is often hit or miss, especially in terms of service. As for their food, their pizza's are great, as is their goat cheese and pear salad, but other salads are over priced and give you very little food. I also recommend never ordering a mojito there, as mine was bland, overly sweet and had dried mint in it.
4	Yum-myyyyy!!! The Med Plate is muy delicioso: olives, goat cheese (I think), hummus, bread, and some garlicky goodness baba ganoush. Hubby and I shared a chopped salad and garlic pizza. At first bite, you kind of expect more flavor, but soon your taste buds appreciate the freshness of the food :] There is nothing like a fresh salad, where you can actually taste the vegetables not overpowered by seasoning/dressing. The pizza had the perfect balance of ingredients, and the crust was cooked perfectly :] I thought everyone was great, and left there very shtuffed!
5	The only thing disappointing about this place is that the amazing sandwiches are no longer available for dinner.  The pasta and pizza (especially the truffled pizza) keep me going back for dinner, though.  I like sitting on the patio on Friday night and watching all the people line up for cheap drinks at the club next door. Reverse happy hour provides a great opportunity to try some of the beers and wines offered by the glass too.I usually skip dessert when I go out, but I love the gooey cookies made to order in a personal size skillet. Nothing beats a hot, half-baked chocolate chip cookie with a scoop of ice cream on top.Thanks La Bocca for consistent good food, good values, and good service!
5	I'm addicted, my favorite restaurant in Tempe!  Craving the chopped salad and a white sangria sometimes keeps me up at night.  I also find myself paying for others to ensure they'll go with me again :)  The ambiance is fantastic, and wait staff is attentive and friendly. Also try the bruschetta | options: get the pork if you like sweet and spicy, get the traditional mozzerella, basil & tomoto, the chicken - - heck, try them all!Oh wait! I almost forgot, the Tiramisu -  is def something to write home about!
5	Good every time I go, cute bartender, great server, and all around good experience.
5	It's always going to be a good night when I'm eating here. This is one of the few places I regularly go without a Groupon! They do have great happy hour specials and I almost always get a good buzz going because of it. Pizza: I love pizza. Don't matter if it's Little Caesars (yeah I said it) or Oregano's, or even frozen. BUT, I much rather have good pizza. 9 times out of 10 I'll crave La Bocca. They must have organic fresh indigents because you can really, really taste the difference between this and your run of the mill pizza joint. Plus, the prices are so reasonable, you have no reason not to go. The crust is perfectly crusty and crispy every time and compliments those fresh ingredients. Happy Hour: Like I said in my intro, always gives me a good buzz. They have great beers on tap, the servers always hook it up with my double fist request at 5 minutes till Happy Hour is over. Plus my date always enjoys their wine recommendations. Ambiance: The place is just so warm and inviting. This is a great place to take a date. Guys, if your reading this and trying to decide between here and Mellow Mushroom or some other spot on Mill, just call your date and tell them to decide.  You don't deserve to pick if you've read this far and still have not decided. By the way, La Bocca also has a spacious patio if you're with a large group (as I was last time) or want to enjoy the beautiful desert weather.
5	I came here for a friend's birthday party and decided to show up a little early to get a feel for the place. I sat at the bar and the two bartenders held great conversation and had lots of fun with the patrons. I came during happy hour and was blown away. At least for happy hour, the prices were phenomenal for what you get. They had multiple flavors of limoncello, which I'm a sucker for. There food was top notch. I recommend this place for groups or date night dinner. I absolutely loved the projector showing old black and white movies, a great touch.
4	We had a delicious meal with great service.  Awesome!
2	I don't understand the hype. The food is okay, the alcohol selection is limited, the service is slow, and the ambience is strained. I have been dragged here many times and it seems popular as the only 'upscale' bar for the undergraduate sorority set.
4	Great location on Mill Avenue in Tempe.  The food is first rate.  The sandwiches and the pizza are wonderful.  The service is friendly and fast.  A must try!
5	Damn this place was good!  It was so good that even though I was craving decent Mexican food after living in DC and working in Indiana, I was convinced by the smells emanating from this choice spot.We had the Mediterranean sampler (top notch baba ganoush! and local olives) and the mushroom, truffle oil, and elephant garlic pizza.  Amazing.  The sangria was good, along with the Margaritas.  The staff was quick, efficient, and friendly.  You even get a bomb-ass iron skillet cookie ice cream if you check in online via the Yelp app.  Ugh!
5	When you're a big deal like me, you get invited to private gatherings at restaurants. Heh. I was there with several other people in the marketing/social media world. It was invite-only, so be very jealous!*I did not pay for anything other than drinks/tips, so keep that in mind.I got to taste some new and changed dishes from the menu to help them decide on new options for the general public (people like you, not me. Haha. I kill me!)One of the pasta dishes had green chiles and a white sauce. Anything with chiles in it is top in my book! It had just enough kick to make you know it was there, but not beg for more water or make haste to the bathroom.The service was friendly, and I could tell the "normal" patrons of the restaurant that night were quite happy with their experience.I have been there before, for a Yelp Elite event, but hadn't been back until last month. I WILL be back, even though it's on Mill, which is such an obnoxious place but you can't blame the business owners. Blame the college kids. Seriously.Be careful where you park! Mill Ave seems to change places that are free or that charge, so be on the lookout for free places on a side street. The General Manger, Katie, was there and asking for suggestions. She even emailed me back within 24 hours. THAT is service. I wish everyone did that. Though, if they did, then places like this wouldn't stand out for their customer relations.Feel free to drop my name. No, don't. I mean, they should remember me, but you don't want to look pretentious by saying you know me, right?
2	I was so excited to go to this place, because of the great yelp rating it has,but the only thing I can say is : IT WAS JUST OK , not even  good :(
4	The elephant garlic is a must! The sangria is delicious - try mixing together the white and red if you get "bored" It's always a delight sitting on the patio on on a couch with a few friends and sipping on a glass of wine. They also always have random movies playing in the back ground with adds a little extra something to the atmosphere!
4	This is a great place for brick oven style pizza right in downtown Tempe. It has a trendy and modern decor that seems suited for a younger adult crowd. There is a large bar and wine menu that looks good, although I haven't tried the drinks there.Instead, we went for the pizza. Our pizza had two kinds of olives, pepperoni, sausage, and peppers. The toppings were plentiful and bursting with flavor. There were a few too many olives, so be careful if you don't like those. However, as an overall, for me this pizza was on par with the famous Pizzeria Bianco in downtown Phoenix and just a hair behind La Piazza in Glendale.It is a great find in downtown Tempe and certainly worth a try for people living or working in the area.
5	Service was outstanding and immediate. Servers were a perfect balance of sociable and professional.I started with the Cheese and Cracker plate, which was great, a perfect balance of cheese, nuts, fruit, crackers, and bread, all of which were great. I have been a few times and had both of the Boars Head Turkey sandwiches, and let me tell you, with years of deli experience, these sandwiches were among the best. My friend had the bruschetta flanks, which were just as outstanding.Ended the day with the Tiramisu, and for someone who's been to Greece and Italy, and had both versions there... let me tell you, theirs was up there with those from the home lands.Sadly, had to go back to my duty station, so I took the Bocca Trio Pizza. It didn't make it from the restaurant, to the AZ border on my way back to El Paso.A great place for a quiet and classy date, and a relaxing evening sitting outside on beautiful Mill Ave. I will see you again, La Bocca.
4	Great ambiance and bruschetta plate.  Will definitely be back to try other dishes!
1	Just returned from hopefully my last ever visit to La Bocca.  Let me describe the experience.  Arrive and am seated outside.  It's lovely out, so, that is a bonus.  I sit down to filthy, paper menu.  Not so good.  Then I pickup my silverware wrap off my bread plate and it is dirty.  The waitress asks me for my drink order and I ask for sweetner with my tea.  She brings my tea and 2 packages of sugar.  I tell her I don't want sugar and she gives me some snide remark about it being the only thing they have and "it is all natural."  All I wanted was some lousy Sweet'N Low.  Never got any bread and waitress never noticed that I moved the dirty plate to the side of the table to get it replaced.  Oh well!  Next I order a salmon caesar salad.  It arrives and the salmon is dry and flavorless.  I'm done.  The best part about the meal was company.  I won't go there again.  I continue to wonder how they stay in business??????
4	La Bocca was quite delicious when my man and I dined their a few weeks back. Located right off of Mill and University it is surrounded by lots of happening places which makes it nice and easy for you to find parking somewhere then walk to a yummy dinner at La Bocca followed by walking to any of your other nightly adventures you and your friends may have.We arrived on a midweek evening around 5 or 530pm and it wasn't busy yet so we walked right in and sat at a comfortable lounge area with couches and a long table as opposed to a 'sit down' table. We ordered two beers (unfortunately its been too long for me to remember which ones but they were great!) and an order of their bruschetta. It was happy hour so the beers were cheaper. Their happy hour runs from open to 6:30pm!With the Bruschetta plank you get to choose 4 different types and you get two pieces of each. We ordered: 1- two orders of housemade pesto with fresh roma tomato's, 2-Mozzarella basil, qc oil and balsamic and  3- goat cheese and beets. I can't write this review comparing it to another favorite restaurant of mine BUT I will say I was disappointed in the lack of vegetarian options and the portions we got with the bruschetta. We were still hungry after we left. Its ok though! We have never tried their pizza's and from what I hear they are amazing. Perhaps La Bocca will need to be where we go for our pizza fix. Service was great and overall a good experience.
5	Pizza, GOOD! Sangria, GOOD! But at the very tip top of the list is their MED PLATE!! So good! I can not even begin to describe how much I dream about this plate with their Hummus, Babaganoosh, feta and olive spread. If you read this review and don't get it, shame on you!! They also have a great turkey sandwich.
5	Tuesdays are 2-for-1 pizza night! Which is amazing. The truffle mushroom pizza is a favorite or some of my friends and I. Along with the bruschetta - (fig/prosciutto is the wonderful). The staff is very accommodating and friendly. Everything about this place is great. The only thing I would say is that some Tuesdays when it's slammed and it's two-for-one pizza night the pizzas are not as good and come out burnt. I would go another night.
2	La Bocca is the definition of mediocre. I ordered a pizza for dinner, and it was bad. Not terrible, but bad. The crust was burnt in a couple places, yet the dough at the center of the pizza was almost underdone, and soggy. A sure sign of an oven with uneven heating issues. I took one bite of a slice and all of the cheese and toppings slid off, because the sauce was very watery. Overall an amateurly done pizza.I also ordered a lemoncello, and it came in the smallest glass I'd ever seen. I almost thought it was a joke. Maybe I'm just unaccustomed to how things are done in more "upscale" types of places, but I've never had a cocktail come in a doll's glass before, so it was a bit of a shock. The service was meh. I got the impression our waitress would have rather been somewhere else. I'm not sure why this place gets so many rave reviews. Maybe I went on a bad night. But for the price, I'm not really feeling the desire to give them a second chance.
4	We were in the area and after a day of shopping we decided to stop in to La Bocca for some pizza.  We read the reviews and like them and were excited to try them.  We ordered the Porco and the Bocca Trio.  Both were the perfect size (note they only come in one size!) with crunch crust and fresh ingredients.  We also split a Lemoncello.  I only had a sip because I was dirving...good thing because that drink was powerful and possible flammable it was so strong!Good service rounded out a great lunch.
4	The only place I go for a nice lunch on Mill. Two words: Beet Salad. Thank me later.
4	I have only eaten here once but the experience was quite pleasant. I went with a few coworkers I was seated immediately. The place was busy so we got put at a smaller table near the front. It was a little close quarters but I guess that's to be expected when the restaurant is so full. The service was prompt and the food was good. It was a very nice, affordable, place to sit and have dinner with a group of friends.
4	Food-awesome, atmosphere-very cool, service-just okay. Had lunch today, patio was busy however only two tables inside had customers. There were three wait staff, they just weren't very attentive. Happy hour until 630pm daily is a nice touch, beer was ice cold! I'll be back but hope for better service.....
4	Great food, kick butt atmosphere ---- just greasy pizza.
5	Stopped in for our first visit on our anniversary.  The service, atmosphere, food, and drinks were excellent.  We enjoyed some delicious bruschetta, pizza, pasta, and a decadent cookie desert.  The server was very friendly, let us sample some of the items, and gave us some advice on where to go and what to do in Tempe.  Looking forward to our next trip.
5	Working on Mill Ave definitely has its ups and downs, La Bocca being on the upside. After a long day of work it is nice to be so close to so much food but La Bocca has definitely stood out as one of my favorites. They have an awesome happy hour that goes on til 630. The food is spectacular. They have great pasta and even better pizza. The combinations are unique but the the taste is just right. If your in the area and want great food La Bocca is just right for you. To add to the greatness of the food, the atmosphere is great and so is the service. The place is great thanks for a pleasurable experience La Bocca.
4	You must absolutely get the Bruschetta plank here. At first when I saw the menu, I thought to myself "Oh cool small little bruschettas for appetizers" NO, it can actually be a whole meal! (Unless you are super hungry) And they are amazing. Whoever came up with those topping options is a genius or just knew how to please the human palate. I've tried their salmon, goat cheese, prosciutto, and mozz bruschetta. They were all delicious and wished that I would've just ordered more. I also got their Sangria which was nice. It really wasn't as sweet or fruity as I thought it was going to be, but that is okay with me. Tip: they have a free ice cream cookie deal going on right now. Get there now!
2	The drinks were delish, The appetizers were the best part of the night. The entree, some spicy pasta dish... NOT impressed. Took most of it home and ended up throwing it away.
4	Tasty, great vibe and best sangrias in town!I've dined here a few times, and each time has been amazing, the pizzas are all so delicious. I think I've had a slice of each one and every one of them is amazing. You can also custom order a pizza. I like their sausage pizza but add ricotta on it. Yummers!The sangrias is what makes me come back and think fondly of this place. Get a pitcher or two and share with a friend. Such a great time. I recommend their red over the white, simply because the red is more flavorful and not too sweet. The prices are extremely affordable. Being close to ASU campus I guess you have to be if you want to survive catering to the college student budgets. I love the atmosphere. Very young, hip, but not divey like a typical pizza joint near a college campus. The service is average. Not great, but never bad service. It's always crowded and they seem to hire mostly college kids, but the service is always pretty good.The parking isn't the best, but it's expected when you're hanging on busy and crowded Mill. One of my must do dining experiences if your down this way.
4	A group of us dined here upon recommendation of one of my friends. I was pleasantly surprised by the cool atmosphere and great menu.We started out with a bruschetta plate for an appetizer. The different flavors we sampled were each executed perfectly and a great preview to our pizzas.I had the truffled mushroom and sampled a slice of the chicken pesto. The chicken was my favorite but the truffled mushroom was also very good. Lots of flavor and really good thin crust.The table went through 2 carafes of sangria which I heard was outstanding as I did not partake. My vodka and soda was a bargain at $5. I would absolutely go back for another meal.
4	I just had the pizza titled"Sicily" here and it was pretty impressive.  Aside from the tasty Schreiner's sausage and pepperoni on it, I quite liked the finocchiona salami.  These toppings went well with herbs and the olives.Hopefully, I will be back soon.
5	Best bruschetta I have had here. Good wine selection as well.My favorite bruschetta are:-smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, truffle oil-roasted chicken, sundried tomatoes, goat cheese-pulled pork, housemade pesto, roasted red pepper-mozz, basil, roma tomato, qc olive oil & balsamic
4	It was St. Patty's Day and it was crazy on Mill Ave. I'm sure you can imagine drunk college kids running around in half naked leprechaun costumes. I saw La Bocca Urban Pizzeria down the way and I thought Pizza? Sure, why not.When we first walked in, it was kinda awkward because I didn't see anybody who worked there except for the bartender. He told us that we could seat ourselves so we did and eventually some menus followed. The decor had a modern feel to it and they had indoor tables, outdoor patio seating, and lounge seating as well. Looking over the menu the Truffles Mushroom Pizza stood out. I loooove truffle and I loooove mushroom (on pizza). Once I saw it, my mind was already made up... that's what we were getting. We also got the Dayton Caesar Salad. When the food came out, both looked very appetizing. The pizza was unlike any I've ever seen because it was covered with leafy greens on top. It was almost like a salad on top of a pizza. I took a bite and it was really good. I chowed down and by the end of my 3 slices, I still wanted more. On the other hand, the caesar we ordered kinda sucked. I don't know how you mess up a caesar salad but this one was not worth getting at all. As of right now, La Bocca has won me over with their pizza. It was delicious! Just stay away from the Caesar... (you have been warned)
4	Their bruschetta is really good but I can't help but to feel that their menu is a bit underdeveloped. More choices please!
5	Very cool secret sunday! 4 free drinks (wine or mojito), bruschetta, salad, pizza and olives! Friend them on facebook for a chance too be on their first list!
3	I have lived close to Mill Ave for quite some time and have passed by La Bocca countless times. I had been putting off coming here for awhile, despite the good reviews I had read and the sheer convenience of how close it is to us. Surprisingly, despite all of the times passing by, I had never even looked inside. One Sunday evening, when the hubby and I were debating where to go for dinner, La Bocca came up and we agreed to give it a shot. The interior atmosphere is stunning! It really is lovely, modern, and classy all at once. I would give the atmosphere a 6/5 stars. However, it took well over ten minutes for somebody to even stop by the table to get our drink orders, which is a big pet peeve for my husband, but I was fine with it. They were busy. It seemed like our waiter had a lot on his plate (pun totally intended) and we were clearly not a priority. He was not rude, but he seemed distant and as though he had a million things to worry about before he cared about us. We sat with our meals for about 5 minutes before we could get somebody's attention to bring us silverware. I would give the service a 2/5 stars overall. There were no apologies for the delayed and inattentive service.Finally, the food was good. We both ordered pizzas and found them to be quite satisfying. I would not say it was the best pizza I've ever had, not by a long shot, but it was good enough to redeem the service so that I may try La Bocca out a second time. Atmosphere was excellent, food was good, service was sub par. I'd be happy to update when/if we try this place again.
4	While Mill Avenue remains a shadow of its former glory, there still are some great spots for grownups to have a good time.  La Bocca Urban Pizzeria & Wine Bar is one of those places.   I enjoyed a great Happy Hour and meal with a group of couples before walking down the street to Gammage for a show.The restaurant has a nice modern hipster feel.  The tables have a bit of a picnic table feel to them, but not the cheap kind).  There's also a great patio that is on the alley side of the restaurant, so diners won't get pounded by the sun on a hot day and won't have to put up with too much of the Mill Avenue crowd.  The menu is exactly what you'd expect to find.  A satisfying mix of pizzas, pastas, salads, and bites, many made with ingredients from local vendors.My table split a med plate (hummus, babaganoush, peppers, cheese and pita and flat bred.  The hummus wasn't the best in the valley, but the babaganoush was phenomenal.  We all had a variety of pizzas and salads.  I personally had the truffled mushroom.  Awesome first slice, but the over use of truffle oil eventually made hard to finish.  One friend checked in on Yelp and we received a free dessert.  We went with a warm white chocolate macadamia nut cookie (made with Sweet Republic's vanilla bean ice cream).  A perfectly baked little "pizza cookie." La Bocca is also coming to local dines (https://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  $30 for $15.  That will be a worthwhile deal when it's available.
3	I've tried different pizzeria/wine bars in the last year including Serious Pie in Seattle so I'm always looking for a new, interesting experience. I happened to be on Mill for a movie at Valley Art and decided to step in. Although the atmosphere/decor is very nice and modern, the service left much to be desired. When we first walked in, there was some type of confab going on between the hostess and the owners/managers?  It took a few minutes for the hostess to acknowledge us and the managers didn't even say hi or smile even though we were standing right by them. Kind of weird to see that happen because so many other places seem more welcoming. The waiter was nice but seemed distracted, didn't really bother to explain the menu or offer any info on their menu items/specialties. Not sure if he was rushed or covering many tables but it didn't seem so to me. The pizza here was ok, how do you mess up a margarita pizza? Crust was good. We also had the caprese salad and it was ok. No flavor though. I'll try one more time and will try the bruschetta next time. I planned to have a get together with some classmates but I'm seriously thinking a different spot like Postino's East might be a better option.
5	The boyfriend took me here, raving about how great it is. I took him to Pizzeria Bianco for his bday and I was not super impressed. But then we came here and I was blown away! I love the pizza with the pulled pork, it is SO delicious. I get it every time we return! The happy hour is great with great prices on beer and wine. We actually took my mom and her boyfriend here when they were in town visiting and they loved it! We ordered a bottle of chardonay (and a beer for Eric) and had a great time out on the patio. I have never sat inside, and I never want to! Part of the reason I love this place is being able to sit outside and enjoy the weather and mill ave.
4	One of my favorite places to eat/drink on Mill Ave. Pizza, especially The Porco (little spicy) and The Garden. Their bruchetta and Med. plate are both fantastic too. The outdoor patio is fun for people watching during cooler weather.
3	By far the classiest place on MIll AVE haha if that is even possible... food was nothing amazing but my fav thing about this place is the front row seat in people watching on Mill ave with a glass of wine and a comfy seat on the patio. (:
4	Great food.  Bruschetta and pizzas were awesome.  Kitchen was SLOW!  Got our pizzas 57' after we ordered.  To her credit, the waitress warned us that it would be a while.  An hour?
5	This is one of my very favorite places. The food is consistent, the service is great and the prices are fair. Slate martini and lemoncello are certainly highly recommended.I had a calzone with the ingredients I always order my pizza: Caramelized onions, peperoni, goat cheese and mushrooms!Chop harvest salad, beet salad, caprese or Melburry sandwich are some of my favs. And if you like garlic, the elephant garlic is great.BTW, the cheese platter and the hummus are unbeatable!Enjoy.
5	Every time I eat at La Bocca I think it can't get any better - but it always does.  This is an amazingly good restaurant in the heart of Mill Avenue restaurant row.  The pizza's are great - cooked perfectly.  The toppings are fresh and tasty.  I just don't see how this restaurant can get any better - at least until my next visit!
4	I give it one less star because the server took away my plate while I was still working on my smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, truffle oil bruschetta. I was too caught up in conversation to notice and when I did, I was quite sad. haha it was just sooo good and not being able to finish the last half of my piece was very disheartening. The fact that the server never asked if I was done makes this fact even worse. I loved the artwork hanging on the walls of this place. The walls were cleverly colored red (FYI Red enhances your appetite and makes you think you could eat more than you should), bartop was long and inviting, tables indoor or outdoor were very modern and very well suited for the ASU district. Only tried bruschetta here because I mainly went for the happy hour drinks, but I will come back for their pizza's which I assume is out of this world (two girls next to us finished their individual pizzas each and left without a crumb left on their plates).
4	Had a great time here with a group of friends.  Loved the big round booth in the back- so comfy and great ambiance.The happy hour drink specials are a great deal.I highly recommend the $5 warm olives w/ toast appetizer.  Really good!Tried both the truffle mushroom pizza ($12) and the garlic pizza ($10).  They were both good but the truffle mushroom was beyond good- highly recommend it!The service was friendly and attentive as well.  All around winner.
4	This is a great little wine bar, but a bit too classy for Mill IMO. I tried the white Sangria at the recommendation of some friends and it is fantastic. It has a super fresh fruity taste. I haven't tried a ton of Sangria, but I definitely would say this is the best I have had. We ordered some bruschetta and it was equally great. I tried both the pulled pork and the fresh mozzarella and can't decide which was better. Either way, I'd highly recommend trying one of their many bruschetta options if you stop in. I really wanted to try the other food, but I had a late lunch and just couldn't fit it. I plan on going back to try some of the other items on the menu that looked tempting. I also liked that they had the option of table seating or areas to hang on couches. It gives it a cool vibe and I enjoyed the atmosphere. Our server was great, just the right amount of attentive. I'm looking forward to my next visit to check out the rest of the menu and enjoy the cool ambiance.
1	I love La Bocca, but the management has changed for the worse in my opinion.  I adore the same wait staff, they are so attentive, and friendly. I usually go during the lunch hour, but I don't like that the manager is now the host and we can't seat ourselves. I have introduced myself to the manager, but every time I go ( and I go at least three times a week) he doesn't seem to remember who I am.
5	Love their bruchetta!  Not a huge fan of the pizza but if you like classic Italian pizza this is the place for you!  I love the sauce on the pizza, though.  Calzones are great, I prefer the Bocca Trio.  You have to try the lemoncello and the red sangria!  If you are going for lunch make sure you try the turkey and brie.  All sandwiches are made with Boar's Head meats.  If you are feeling a salad try the Harvest Chop.  If you are going for dinner try the Pesto Pasta!  After your meal make sure you have the cookie and ice cream.  Freshly baked cookie of your choice topped with a scoop of ice cream of your choice.  I always get the white chocolate chip macademia nut cookie with banana ice cream.  So incredible!  This is a regular spot for my boyfriend and I and anytime we have visitors this is one of the first places we bring them to.
5	All the food is AMAZING.  The flatbreads/pizzas, bruschettas and platters are great balance for the wine selection they have.  Sundays and Mondays are prime days to check this place out for conversation and a nice bottle.  I jump in here because the location and finding parking are great.  I really like the antipasta platter and always find it a treat to venture to any of the food selections they have available.  The service and staff are always great and I am a return diner always!
5	My new favorite place in Tempe!Came here on a Sunday evening with a girlfriend and was surprised to see it not busy. Usually it's PACKED. Either way, I loved that it was quiet and I could actually hear myself think.My friend and I split the goat cheese/pear salad & a margarita pizza. The pizza was about 10" and was perfect to split with my friend. (If you ask the server to split the salad they charge $2 but if you split it yourself there's no charge)I also ordered a glass of white sangria which was just fairly good. The best part was the YELP check-in deal. It's a little confusing on your cell phone but it's after 3 check-ins they give you a free dessert. But the YELP coupon doesn't specify until after you click USE NOW. The cookie dessert was very decadent. It's basically a big half-baked cookie in a small cast iron topped with ice cream. For those who LOVE  cookie dough, this is the dessert for you. I enjoyed it but it was even more delicious because it was free. :)Either way, our server (omg, i can't remember her name but she was FABULOUS!!)was super attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and had a good vibe all around.Next time I'll try the bruschetta.
4	Great spot. Nice atmosphere, great menu, good wine selection and the best white wine sangria ever. Check it out and enjoy!
5	Great pizza, wine, and pricing. Highly recommend the veggie pizza with white truffle oil. Really great place for a night out with your hunny or great girls night on the patio. Excellent location next to bars and restaurants on Mill to enjoy after your delicious dinner.
5	This is a great choice for dinner on Mill. The atmosphere is casual, but a nice casual - definitely a nicer place than some of the other "college inspired" places on Mill. We shared a plate of brushetta and a pizza and both were great. They have a great selection of wine as well. The service was great - very attentive and helpful. Went to LaBocca in December (sorry, a bit behind on my reviews).
5	UMMM AMAZING! The bruschetta is to die for! Not from Arizona but when I last visited the first place I had to go to after I landed was La Bocca. I was dreaming about the amazingness of all the bruschetta options. My FAV probably the one with goat cheese and roasted garlic! After that maybe the goat cheese and honey then the smoked prosciutto!! The wine is also amazing all the workers there are totally down to earth and really want you to have a good time. My BF and I are pretty easy going customers and don't ask for too much and the workers really seemed to appreciate that especially having some difficult tables, it was nice to know our chillness was appreciated. Will always go to this place every time I visit!!!
5	The number one reason why I like coming here is because their pizza is excellent and I love the atmosphere. The first time I came was for my birthday last year and they handled our large group very well. The second time was just for dinner with a friend, and they allowed me to reserve a table for just 2 people, which is great because I know it can get crowded. I'm not a wine person but all the people I have brought with me here have assured me they have a great selection, so there you go! Mainly I come here for their Margherita Pizza. I ask for it well done and it's lovely, browned, & bubbly! They use lots of fresh basil like it's supposed to have! Great intimate and romantic atmosphere. Prices are reasonable for the high quality food.
4	A relaxing, refreshing way to enjoy the afternoon. Just the simple thought of a special celebrating Bastille Day sets La Bocca apart. Brie and apertifs-PERFECT. So glad La Bocca is Tempe's!
5	The best place on Mill. Consistently excellent pizza, salad, and bruschetta. Good wine selection and definitely a more sophisticated atmosphere than anywhere else. The pear salad is excellent. Wonderful service. Great value.
5	Jess' fiancee here. Now, where to start...First thing that came out was the house made limoncello. For $5, it looks like an awfully small drink. But, holy s***, does it hit the spot. The waitress wasn't lying when she said it was basically "everclear and lemon zest." One of those, and my drink tab was fulfilled for the night. I ordered the Bocca Trio (sans olives,) and I've got to say, it was the best pizza I've ever had. The meat was perfectly salty, the texture of it almost blended into the cheese. The sauce was delicately applied, and the crust had a nice, light char. There wasn't a single thing about it that wasn't pizza ecstasy.If you haven't been here, please, go. Seriously, get off of yelp and go!
4	Yes pizza so good, and taste fresh and the service is pretty good, and the place is pretty good looking.... is great for a date night...
3	great ambiance, service and appetizer platers but, the pizza came out burnt and wasnt really that great
4	This is the best place to start off your night on the town in Tempe. The pizzas here are the perfect size, I say two hungry guys can kill a pie no problem. The Margarita and Sicily are my two favorites. The truffle mushroom and chicken pesto are also really well made pizzas here. I would recommend you get a table outside(I hate dining outside on the east coast). There is a great energy and lots of great things to look at on Mill. The wine list is pretty good, and contains some great values if you know what you re looking for. They make a killer Margarita here for happy hour as well.
5	I enjoyed this so much with my boyfriend!  We were having issues picking somewhere because I got off around 10pm and it's hard to find places open late.  Thankfully, La Bocca was open until 12am on a Saturday.  When you first walk in it feels very down to earth, laid back and kind of artsy.  I really loved the designs, it was interesting to look at.  The lady who came to our table was very friendly and got our drinks promptly.  I had the Orange Blossom Martini, delicious!  My boyfriend had something (sorry I can't remember) very strong, but refreshing.  It had the aroma of lime and you can also enjoy the taste of the lime, possibly sugar and very strong alcohol.  The waitress said it had Everclear in it and that's why it was so strong.  We enjoyed the Bruschetta , Pesto Pasta and a 'make your own pizza.'  The whole reason I love this place is the AMAZING Bruschetta !  The flavors were so rich and amazingly put together.  I will definitely be going back here.  The ambiance, drinks, food, customer service was all great.  It's not too pricey, but if you want to enjoy the Bruschetta (pick four) be ready to dish out $12 buck for that appetizer.  We did not get to enjoy the deserts, but they sounded great.  Maybe next time ;).  My pasta had a strong taste of feta, which I didn't mind, but the Bruschetta stole the show for me.I'll be happy to revisit!
3	I'm torn, oh so very torn on how to write this review. Multiple times we have had amazing service, food, and a great atmosphere, those were all dinners out. One time we were lucky enough to have a manager serve us that gave us a lot of history and great conversation which was awesome because it was so nice out. I love the pizzas and the pastas. I usually get the mushroom, pepperoni, or garlic pizza. All of which I have no complaints about. This last time, however, I went to meet a friend for lunch and our server was almost, awful. She only was at the table once, our waters remained unfilled, it took twice asking different servers to get cheese for our pizzas, and then when our bill came, she didn't bring me any change and tipped herself almost six dollars. Being that I work at the restaurant industry as one of my jobs and have always worked in restaurants, I was completely miffed that not only did we not see her for over an hour but then she kept the change. I would definitely recommend La Bocca for a romantic dinner, but maybe not for lunch service?
5	La Boca is one of my all time favorite restaurants in Tempe, heck Arizona for that matter. I went to ASU so of course it was close. but.... it has the BEST bruschetta. I think its better than Postinos, yes I said that! The reason I say that is because when you order the mozzarella, tomato, basil La Boca puts E.V.O.O (extra virgin olive oil), Salt, Pepper, and Balsamic. Postinos doesn't do any of that. The pizza's are wonderful the Mediterranean plate, shoot everything here is amazing.
5	EXCELLENT. Every. Single. Time. The calzones are to-die-for. The service is always great. AND, the management is awesome. I have every birthday party there that I can manage (they have a great back table/booth that provides the perfect party atmosphere), and they have always accommodated large parties (15+) and bringing our own cakes in. I simply can't say enough about this place!GO! Or don't :) I like being able to get a reservation whenever I need one!
4	Great salads. Had the chicken pesto pizza. It had good sized chunks of chicken and the crust was one of the best I've ever had. So flaky too! If you go, you should share a pizza and a salad. I hear the appetizers are great too.
5	Came here as my normal pilgrimage when ever I'm within driving distance. And it never  disappoints. This time I even had the draft beers on half off during lunch time. That just can't be beat. Orders a pizza and sat on the patio on a gorgeous day. Can't wait to return.
4	Guys, skip applebees, this is where to take a lady. It's not expensive, there's delicious bruchetta and salads disguised as "trendy" "light" food, and great drinks. It's very laid back and the service is very accommodating and fun. Here you'll see small groups of girls/women dining, and a multitude of couples. I definitely recommend the bruchetta and grab a glass or two of wine. They have a large screen playing movies (last time I was in it was playing Lebowski...so PLUS!) and the whole ambiance/design/decor what have you is relaxing, rustic, and unique. A great place for lunch or dinner. They also had some good tunes playing. Very urban rustic casual...if that even makes sense. check it out!
3	I'm from out of town and I came to La Bocca Urban Pizzeria based on the Yelp rating and reviews. The inside of the restaurant looks pretty cozy and contemporary. They specialize in pizza. We came during their happy hour--only on select drinks. We were given time to look at the menu... a lot of time! It was as if they forgot about us. Impossible, because the restaurant was filled probably 15-20% capacity.After ~15-20 minutes of reading the menu (probably two or three times) we ordered (finally!). I got the bocca trio which had 3 different types of meat--that was pretty good! My friend got the margarita--impossible to mess up. My other friend got the Garlic which, in my opinion, tasted TOO garlicy. I only had one slice of her pizza and told myself no more.I think the reason why this is a 3 star review instead of a 4 star review is because the waitress was just very cold towards us. I don't know if she was just having a bad day. Don't get me wrong, she wasn't mean or anything, but just the air around her felt very unwelcoming. Try it out? Maybe you'll get a more happier wait staff when you go
2	We went in to get some food before going to a show at Gammage so we were kind of on a schedule.  My daughter loves their food so we figured we'd try it.  Can't rate the food, never got to it.Now, you have to understand, I come from a restaurant family and continue to eat out A LOT so I understand a little of what it going on around me. The not so cheap menu had a blob of  red sauce on it.  No one acknowledged us for 7 minutes (yes, I timed it).  I understand busy, but people walked by us non-stop for 7 minutes and not even one eye contact.  We left.  There are wayyyyy too many great places to eat within 3 blocks to deal with that kind of nonsense. I can only hope that their food is so good that people continue to dine there in spite of the service.  Maybe the "no soup for you!" crowd likes it.
4	This is a great spot to take girls out to because It is not expensive compared to similar establishments in Scottsdale. I've been here a few times and the service is always impecable and I've never had any complaints in that area. I will say that around dinner time on weekdays and more so on the weekend it can get pretty crowded and the inside sections will fill up fast and you may be forced to sit on the patio, so you might think about making a reservation. The menu is simple and I usually order just a  pepperoni pizza with a side of marinara sauce.  The only complaints are that the menue is very limited there sauce is pre-made (asked them to take out mushrooms and they couldn't). Otherwise this place has amazing pizza, pastas, and salads for no more then $15 and if you want to get crazy try some of there sangria it's delicious. I like that while this place feels very elegant it is cozy and welcoming and I would feel comfortable walking into this place wearing sandals and a tee.
5	Nothing helps melt away the stresses of the day or even a long week like the La Bocca bruschetta planks. With every bite of the smoked prosciuotto & fig, pulled pork & pesto and roasted garlic & goat cheese, anything on my mind instantly takes a back seat to the savory enjoyment of every flavor packed nibble I take.
4	The bruschetta were awesome! Sit out on the patio for great people watching!
5	I've been to La Bocca a few more times since my original review. The pizza is still great and competitive with the other great brick oven pizza joints in the area.The big feature in this update is the ice cream cookie. This dessert resembles the fabled pizza cookie at Oregano's, but is undoubtedly better. First of all, the ice cream is of excellent quality and comes in a couple unique flavors (provided by Sweet Republic). We had the mint ice cream, which had bits of mint leaves and chocolate chips in it, leading to an amazing fresh flavor (like an ice cream mojito). Second, the cookie was baked perfectly and had a large amount of chocolate in it. The warm cookie dough and chocolate had such an excellent flavor. Lastly, the dessert was reasonably sized for two people to share and indulge in the great flavors, but without over doing it. I wouldn't go here again without getting this dessert.
4	I am definitely a fan.  My girlfriend and I came here for dinner before a show on campus.  I had a groupon for this place and I had heard good things so I wanted to check it out.  It was almost a bad experience but ended up being a good one.The reason that it was almost bad was because of the length of time it took to have someone come over to the table.  My girlfriend was seated on the patio while I parked the car.  After I joined her it was at least another 10 minutes before anyone came over.  We began looking at the Yelp reviews and almost got up and left when our server came over.  He definitely made up for the wait and saved the day.I think his name was McKenley.  We told him we were on a time crunch as we had to make the show so we ordered everything at once.  He put everything in right away and I have to say I was impressed with how quickly we received our food.  We had a bruschetta board with various types of combinations and we made our own pizza.  The board wasn't bad.  I have had better and I have also had worse.  Maybe it was just the ones we picked.  The pizza was very tasty.  The crust was done well and had a great flavor to it.  We were even able to have some dessert while we were there.  The chocolate chip cookie with mint ice cream was delicious, though be warned it is made with real mint so it does not taste like the stuff you can by at the grocery store.All in all it was a good experience and customer service saved the day.  I would have no problem going back when in the area and I recommend this place if you are looking to grab a bite.
2	Went at 9:30 so maybe I should cut them some slack but they were out of all three of their regular pastas. Since I was hankering for pasta I ordered one of the two specials: butternut squash ravioli. The other was lobster vermicelli. The special lacked any kind of balance. It was overly sweet (butternut squash and a brown butter sauce and some sort of bbq pork shreds on top - sweet inside the pasta, covered in sweet sauce, and sprinkled with sweet meat? no, thanks) and all too mushy. Nothing crunchy to add texture. Tried some pizza and it was whatever.
4	A group of us went for a birthday dinner because of a Groupon that was purchased. I am a FAN. Two of us from the group went back for lunch less than two weeks later and the ambiance was just as accomadating for a conversation between the two of us as it was for a dinner with six friends.The food is delicious. I recommend the Roasted Garlic, Goat Cheese and Arugula bruschetta. They have 1/2 of glasses of wine during Happy Hour as well.This is for sure becoming one of my favority cozy spots.
4	Great place.  Fun ambiance...they had a movie on in the background when we were there.  Great pizza and bruschetta.  The Bocca Trio was definitely better than the Porco pizza.  Service was excellent.  The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is the price ... it's hard for me to justify paying so much at a pizza place.  Will return, especially if they lower their prices a tad.  Maybe I'll just stick to Happy Hour.  :-)
3	After hearing my friends rave about this place since its opening I decided to come here for a semi-upscale date night with my partner.The ambiance is 'cute.' The dining room is a dark, lofty, wine cellar-ish space with a Netflix projection on the back wall. Some tables have couch seating, especially on the patio, though most of the inside tables are wooden along with a few high tables. Like the couple seated next to us, it would be romantic and comfortable for those on a first date. We arrived around six PM on Saturday, a good hour before it would start getting any sort of busy. We were a bit disappointed to be seated at one of the uncomfortable wooden seating areas rather than be seated at a couch, but that's not the end of the world. Although, there was some sort of dark, sticky substance stuck under the table. I assumed it was a result of a balsamic vinegar spill but I'm not sure why it would have thickened to the under-table.After being seated we waited an unusually long time before our waiter introduced himself... by that time we had already decided what we wanted to drink and an app start with. Instead of taking our drink order he let us know that select wines were on sale and that we should look those over for when he comes back, then he rushed back to the kitchen. When he came back we ordered the sangria carafe we'd previously intended to, to which he confirmed, "just so you know, that isn't on sale." I hope the service isn't this awkward when it's busy.The sangria was nice and sweet with a surprising (and maybe a bit out of place) kick of cinnamon. We started with bruschetta planks - delicious and creative. For our meal we ordered the Porco pizza - I don't even like pork but it's hearty and shredded addition was undoubtably craveable. We ordered the creme brulee for dessert and licked that plate clean -- nuff said! Only before that my partner started to feed me a spoon of the dessert and THAT was when our waiter decided to stop by and see how we were doing. Laughing at the awkward, we were just fine.
5	La Bocca has been one of my favorite restaurants for a while now. I can't get enough of their sangria, appetizers, or mint ice cream. Yum!While I wouldn't say the Italian food is all that "authentic," it's certainly delicious. The wood-fired pizza certainly rivals its more expensive competitors. Although I admit I'll sometimes just order the appetizer sampler and goat cheese salad, (and a pitcher of sangria,) and I'll be set for the evening.  The food is the main draw, but I have to say that the atmosphere is nice as well.  It's fairly trendy and the tables are candlelit--good for a date night or a classier alternative to a normal evening on Mill. I would definitely recommend La Bocca! Have fun, and don't forget to save room for the ice cream!
5	My niece just got a job here so my family decided to go check it out and WOW, we were impressed! We tried the antipasti appetizer and it was so delicious! Goat cheese wrapped in prosciutto, salami, manchego and bread. Pesto, olive tepanade and mustard to dip. So good. Then we shared a few pizzas. Brussel prout and proscuitto, a margherita and pulled pork and serrano pepper. They were all fabulous!! Our service (Gwen) was great  and we really loved this place. Everyone seemed to genuinely enjoy working here which made for a nice overall experience,
3	This place hovers between a 3- and 4-star rating. I saw the Groupon for La Bocca and didn't get it, because I'm not a pizza fan for the most part unless it's truly amazing. After dining there, I couldn't help comparing it with La Grande Orange Pizzeria: both boast gourmet pizzas and fancy appetizers with similar price points. I personally prefer LGO's pizza because of the better/thinner crust and higher-quality cheese. La Bocca's wood-fired pizza -- for the record, the porco/pulled pork pizza -- did not give me the bubbling cheese impression when it first came out; instead, the cheese was stiff and lukewarm. Also, the pork pieces were scantily and unevenly distributed, hardly meaty at all. So don't mistake the porco pizza for a meat lover's heaven. The pulled pork was certainly porky (= greasy) but not juicy or flavorful.On a side note, La Bocca's leftover pizza slices did not make a satisfying meal the following day -- the reheated dough was rock-hard and inedible. On the other hand, LGO's leftover pizza was still delicious 3 days later.As for its famed bruschetta appetizers, I saw the appeal but didn't get it. We got prosciutto, pesto, garlic, and ricotta bruschettas. My reaction: Mehhh. They were filling (admittedly lots of carbs) but far from something I would go back for. They taste quite the same to me and the bread wasn't my favorite. If you want to make good bruschetta at home, here's a recipe:1) sourdough crisps (from Costo)2) goat cheese3) fig jam4) Assemble 1 + 2 + 3. Voila!Maybe I'm spoiled by easy-and-yummy bruschettas I can make at home, I was definitely not impressed by what I spent $12 for in La Bocca. We also got the sangria. A lot of alcohol for its price; also a lot of syrup. I agree La Bocca is a nice place to hang out with my ASU friends and a good alternative if I don't want to drive to LGO. It would be even nicer if I have a groupon to get a couple dollars off the bill. But it lacks the finess I was looking for in an outstanding pizzeria. Nice, but mediocre in my book.P.S. valet parking good for 2 hours if you park in the garage nearby.
4	This is a cute restaurant -- good atmosphere and music, good overall vibe.    I sat at the bar and the bartender, Julie, was very helpful in making food selections and picking out a wine that went with what I ordered.    The goat cheese mushroom truffle pizza was  good and had a healthy dose of fresh spinach on top, making me not miss a salad with my meal.   The goat cheese on the pizza was really creamy and delish and they didn't skimp on it.  The crust was a little thick for me since I'm from the East Coast, but overall, the pizza was still good  (and it passed the "can I eat this cold for breakfast?" test).   Another note -- Tuesday is 1/2 bottle of wine night so if you are planning on ordering a couple glasses of wine, it works out to be less expensive to get a bottle.    Who can't like a restaurant that offers specials like that?
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants!The food is amazing and you have to have their sangria (white or red- both are great!)Their food is adventurous but not over the top- great place for foodies to go.It's a great atmosphere too! No matter where you sit it's great- the bar, at a table, or on their loungie couches.  It has a great vibe and is a great place to go on a date, meet up with some girlfriends, or start your night at!
2	Maybe, because of the reviews, I had high expectations, but the experience was less than 3 star quality. The server was not as attentive as I would expect in this type of establishment. I was often helped by other servers. I think 4 different people cared for our table in 90 minutes. The ambiance of the place was very nice. You feel a good vibe walking through the door. It was a little loud, but its Saturday night. What can you say?The food was lacking in a few things that would make it great. I ordered the goat cheese and pear salad. The portion size was good, but the pears were sliced into large pieces that I chose to break down. They would have been better sliced very thin on a mandolin, or simply in smaller pieces. I had the porco pizza. This had pulled pork, Serrano chilies, and caramelized onions. The size is more than enough. The hand tossed crust is very good, but could have benefited with a brushing of olive oil before serving, or at least having some olive oil on the table, and I could do it myself. It was pretty dry. Actually, the whole pizza was dry. The flavor of the pizza would have been great if there was sauce, like barbecue, or anything really. Apparently, their pizzas don't have sauce. To me you should call that a flat bread, and even that is pushing it. If you are looking for a great place for pizza, Mellow Mushroom is across the street. Wine bar or bruschetta board? Postino is still #1 in my book.
2	So I've been here a few times, all with mixed results.  Place always seems to be fairly busy, and I must say the food has been fantastic on all occasions. We arrived on a Wednesday night around 8ish and only had to wait a few minutes for the hostess to clear a table.  As other reviewers have mentioned seating ranges from great to fair, the main dining area is a bit loud and somewhat cramped with only a few feet between tables. Not an overall detraction though, especially if you like to listen to your fellow diners' conversations. We had some drinks and ordered the antipasti plate (which I'm pretty sure we've had before, more on that in a moment) which consists of some crusty bread, tasty salami, some prosciutto-wrapped cheesy bits, some cheese, mustard and pesto.  Not bad for ~14 bucks, very comparable to Postino's or any other tapas/wine bar fare.  Unfortunately, this is where our visit took a turn for the worse...I love me some pesto, so much so I had also ordered a calzone with it, even before the antipasti plate arrived.  Glad it did shortly thereafter, as it turns out they use walnuts in their pesto instead of traditional pine nuts.  Now, I'm a foody, and I'm all about innovation with traditional recipes. That being said, when you put a potential allergen in a common food like this, YOU NEED TO MENTION IT!  As you may have guessed, I'm highly allergic to walnuts (but not any 'good' nuts at least, including pine nuts), and nowhere on the menu was this mentioned at all.  Probably because this was done less as a food innovation and more as a cost-saving feature, as pine nuts are 3-5 times as pricey as walnuts... And I'm 99% positive I had pesto here on a previous occasion with no issue, so I think this may be a recent change.  Luckily I caught the tell-tale signs early so didn't convulse in a heap on their wood-paneled floor, but needless to say this certainly ruined our night.  Our server was very kind, however the manager was a bit of an ass, and actually said 'All pestos have some kind of nuts in them'.  Yeah, pine nuts.  He did end up comping the antipasti (albeit grudgingly), frankly I'd be happier to have paid for it with the promise they would just point that out somewhere on the menu.  I know its ultimately my responsibility to be aware of what I'm eating considering my condition, that being said its the establishment's responsibility to provide information so I can make an informed decision.  In closing, normally I'd rate this a 4 star place, but due to the pomp of the manager and the fact they nearly killed me due to the lack of a simple sentence on the menu I have to subtract a couple.  Unfortunately I will probably not return, but I do recommend any readers to go and enjoy the above-average grub.  Just be sure to ask if you have any food allergies!
5	La Bocca has 309 reviews as of the date I am writing this . . . so what can I tell you that is different and unique about this Urban Pizzeria and Wine Bar to make you want to try it . . . if you haven't already?  I have to admit I never have eaten one of their pizzas, nor have I ever had a glass or two of wine here. The first thing I ordered on my first visit was their Heirloom Beet Salad. I love beets and never buy or cook them at home. Most restaurants, that do serve them, have absolutely no idea how wonderful and versatile they can be, nor how to prepare them properly. I understand that everything else they serve is excellent . . . but I may never get a chance to try any of them. I will continue to eat the Heirloom Beet Salad until they remove it from the menu, or until I totally burn out on it!  Naught! Doubtful, very doubtful.
3	I consider myself somewhat of a pizza aficionado, and this place has 3-star pizza in my book.The service was ssuuuuuuper slow and ssuuuuuper unfriendly.The prices were not outrageous, but I would not consider it "worth it."Nice decor and atmosphere though. With so many trendy pizza restaurants around, especially in Phoenix, you really gotta be on your pizza and customer service game, and this place didn't cut it for me.  Not awful... but I'm going somewhere else for a pizza and wine dinner.
4	Nice place, very clean, excellent food,  love the happy hour prices - my only grump is an excellent - but limited menu.  As someone who can not eat wheat need to get some other choices.  But I know I will go back - even if just for the wine.
4	My favorite place for delicious treats of italian taste. I can't get enough of the antipasta plate or their sangrias. I only had a bad server one time out of the dozen times I've gone.
5	This is my new favorite place! The atmosphere is wonderful and everyone was super friendly. And the food was delicious, too! I will definitely be coming back in the future!
5	there hummus is the best hummus i have ever had!! and the flatbread is to die for! Love the atmosphere! just wish there was happy hour for the food too. the pear salad is really good too!!! so yummy!!
3	Nothing at La Bocca was bad, but if a restaurant puts "pizzeria" in its own name, my standards immediately go up. I ordered a pizza with figs and ricotta, but if you don't tell them directly to leave off the red sauce, they won't (even though nobody ever in the history of the world has ordered a fig and ricotta pizza with tomato sauce.) My companion ordered a vegan veggie pizza, but didn't finish it. Compared to the other options on Mill Avenue, especially pizza, this place is definitely A-OK in my book. It just doesn't pack the punch necessary to qualify as a place worthy of specializing in pizza.
4	I visited La Bocca on the recommendation of my brother, who works nearby and has enjoyed it.  Our waitress suggested the bruschetta planks and pizza, so we split one of each.  I love that you get to choose the four bruschetta you get on your plank; when I visit next time, I will probably have the beet/goat cheese/honey one for all four choices, as it was incredible.  We also really enjoyed the pesto.  We chose the Sicily pizza and found it wonderful.  We were fortunate to visit during beautiful weather, and ate on the patio.  There's a fun vibe here, with lots of happy people enjoying the food.
5	Great food, love the Bruchetta and half priced wine during happy hour - very nice.  A Zoo later at night, but nice.
4	I came in here for lunch during the work week and found it to be a nice place to get away from work for a little while...open patio, big floor to ceiling glass windows, nice lighting. Service was pretty good, not the fastest to get food to your table but that's because the fresh yummy pizzas need their time. The Harvest Chop salad is really yummy (love pasta in my salad!) and filling. The pizza crust is soft and springy and gets a blistery burnt crust, which I really like.
4	3.5 stars overall - nice wine bar on Mill Ave., slightly tucked away from the general chaos on Mill. Great ambiance, good service, good wine list, decent food.$14 starter plates are large, meant for splitting 3-5 people (cheese, Mediterranean, salumi plates available). We polished off the Mediterranean - hummus was fantastic,  as were olives. Flatbread was on the chewy side (microwaved?), and baba ghanoush was rather unauthentic, oddly watery.$12 bruschetta is a steal (!) but vaguely reminiscent of Postino.Would recommend visiting for the wine bar.
4	My wife and I had a really great time. We were on vacation for the weekend and will be coming back in a couple weeks. This place is very modern, dimly lit inside. We sat outside where you can eat or relax on some couches they have set up.The bruschetta was AMAZING! You choose between 4. They come in a fairly big size compared to other bruschetta. Highly recommend trying the pulled pork bruschetta. We split a flatbread too which was ok, but the main event is the bruschetta. Can't wait to come back here during our spring training visit.
4	We started with drinks at the bar and had exceptional service from the bartender who was happy to discuss the menu with us.  We waited for a spot to open outside and were quickly seated in their cushy, lounge seats.  Romantic, with a view of the St. Pat's mayhem brewing in the streets!  We loved the antipasti platter, particularly the goat cheese wrapped in prosciutto!  We also shared a Sicily pizza.  For as much as was on the pizza it was surprisingly just a little bland, but perfectly cooked!  Service from Robert was excellent - very friendly, helpful, not rushed.  We'll definitely return on another visit to Tempe!
5	Great Friday night dinner experience! Sat at a table on the patio and enjoyed soaking in the university district vibe and people watching. There was a little bit of a party vibe happening on the patio in a fun but not obnoxious way - we were still able to enjoy a low key and intimate dinner. Service was attentive and top notch even on a busy night. I loved the bruschetta plank - how cool is it that you get to pick 4 different options off the menu? Each comes with 2 slices, perfect for sharing. The one with beets really stood out, the chicken one not so much. We also split a salad and a pizza - perfect portion for 2 and great variety of options for both! Something about the bread here (in the bruschetta and pizza crust) is just perfect in the taste and softness. We opted to walk off dinner a bit and then have dessert at Slickables next door, but would love to come back and give that a try here. I was intrigued by the cookies, described in the menu as "made to order, and worth the wait"Highly recommend!
4	Excellent experience all around. I can't add much that hasn't already been said, except to point out that when I asked for a substitution in my meal, the waiter didn't even blink and it was prepared just like I asked. Many restaurants won't be flexible in the kitchen. I ordered the Med plate as my meal, and it was definitely more than enough! Every part of it was delicious, including the sauteed mushrooms I asked for as a replacement for feta (no cheese for me). My husband couldn't stop talking about his pizza, and he devoured the whole thing, which was unusual for him. I will gladly give this restaurant 5 stars if we go back and the wonderful experience proves repeatable.
4	Have been here a couple of times when visiting Phoenix---was very pleased with the quality of the food, and I (and my kids) love the atmosphere.
5	Amazing! Fantastic food and wine. Not to mention the service was fairly quick and everyone was very friendly. Highly recommend the mushroom pizza- the truffle oil is divine. We'll be back again!
5	Ambience and delicious Italian cravings is definitely the reason to stop in here. When we entered the restaurant was dimly light but had a romantic, trendy, upscale vibe. We were torn between sitting inside or outside but ultimately chose the patio seating because the weather at 9:00 night was too perfect to pass up. We also got to gaze at walkers as they passed. The tables had cute candles lit which emphasized the romantic atmosphere as well. There was couches with coffee tables to lounge and eat if sitting at a table isn't your thing. Menu here is very simplistic but divine. After reading reviews of the bruschetta appetizer we had to try and I must note it was delectable. My favorite was the pesto with roasted tomatoes on top. Each piece was constructed with care and flavorful. We shared a pizza with garlic, basil, roasted tomatoes and pepperoni and it was extremely fresh and I loved the brick oven quality of it. Service was courteous and insightful for explaining different items and drinks on the menu. I highly recommend this as a date night spot.
4	I have eaten here two times and loved it both times! It is a bit expensive for a family but super fun on a date night! I enjoy the bruschetta and the pasta options. They have an amazing sangria as well. Make sure to go early they do get busy!
4	I love this place! It has a great atmosphere, great food, and drink specials on certain nights. Their pizza and med plate are the best things on their menu. It is a nice break from the typical restraint on mill and affordable.
4	Happy Hour Review:We came for the Tempe Arts Fair,http://www.yelp.com/biz/tempe-arts-festival-tempe#hrid:mFf-pIdZ8gGArDYHL4-YgA  but decided to checkout the Happy Hour at La Bocca.  For the last three years, this restaurant and it's Chef Julian Wright is all anyone can talk about.  It feels like Phoenix's New Times writes about him at least once a week. LOL AMBIANCE:Mill Avenue continues to change with the times and reinvent itself -- something we like!  We chose to sit outside and people watch since it was still early.  Inside the restaurant has a modern 1940s feel which is really very nice.CLIENTELE:Here's an interesting category.  Mill Avenue and the restaurants are a mixture of older college kids from ASU (21+), along with Alumni of all ages.  You also have people like us who just like the vibe of the area.MENU:They've made some changes in their Happy Hour menu, but everything is still excellent! Most items from the bar are $3.00 during HH, that also includes shots.  So it really is a watering hole. We really like their Rojo Sangria, and it's a very reasonable at $22.00 for a 750 ml Carafe, btw.http://laboccapizzeria.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/2012-WINTER-WINE-LIST.pdfSERVICE:Is a tag team affair, but our server Alex was outstanding.  He stayed on top of things and came back to check in from time to time.  When we mentioned Yelp, he told us how customers have written some very nice reviews about the restaurant and one had even mentioned his service.  Well Alex, here's your second nod.  You were great, and we would come back to your section anytime! FOOD:The food at LaBocca is mostly Italian with some tweaks to the concept.  A good example is their Harvest Chop Salad for $8.00 which we enjoyed.  There's a nominal $2.00 up-charge for the split, but it was subtle and very nice. It had a light Dijon mustard vinaigrette dressing, over tubetti pasta, romaine lettuce, bacon, tomatoes and some blue cheese.  It was delicious and the blue cheese was very mild, almost Gorgonzola-ish.  Next we had their famous Margarita pizza was $9.00 (see photo). La Bocca is known for their pizzas. It was made with some crushed San Marzano tomatoes and mozzarella.  It also had a rough cut of basil leaves on top.  We liked it a lot, but also enjoy the pizza at Pomo's on Scottsdale Road for the real Neopolitan stuff. For dessert we shared each others -- Tiramisu $ 5.00 (photo) and Fresh Mint Chip Ice Cream $6.00.  A nice ending to a wonderful meal.http://laboccapizzeria.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/labocca-urban-pizzeria-lunch-dinner-menu.pdfPRICES:Our bill came to $52.00 after taxes, but before gratuities.  It would have been less if we kept to the HH wine list but the carafe of Sangria (photo) was too good to pass up.Enjoy!  We'll be back.I guess people do really like them on Yelp!
4	Started out very nervous. I had heard great things about this place and wanted to give a fellow ASU alum some business. I walked in and the hostess was not very friendly. In fact, I thought she was kind of rude. Maybe it was just me. I felt very awkward and uncomfortable for some reason but could not explain why. The restaurant itself is very pretty and hip. They also have a nice outside seating area leading to Mill and that wraps around 6th Street.    My experience did improve after a little while. I ordered the Truffle pizza. I asked them to add sausage because I saw it was real and Schrieners to boot, not that fake crumbly junky stuff. I also ordered a side salad. Well you can't do too much to kill a side salad so that was fine. The waiter and another gentleman staff member ( perhaps a manager) were great while I waited for my pizza. It kind of made up for the hostess!!!!! I would get rid of her. Okay maybe a chat first. lol   Well, then the pizza comes out and it is slightly burnt on top. Owhhhhhh, I hate when my pizza is burnt in any shape or form. I know that is the hip new way to eat pizza but not for me. I don't get it. Not this New York Gal. I like it with no burnt marks at all. I was all set to send it back when I decided to try it first.( I rarely send food back since I have a severe issue with waste) I have to tell you I thought it was very good. The spinach meshed perfect with this creamy goat cheese they use for a unique, yummy flavor. I really enjoyed it. I was not that crazy about the burnt crust though thus the 4 stars instead of five. I might come back again this Saturday after the run to try some other things.    What really saved the day was the nice waiter. He talked with me for a long while. He told me all about the owner and his other establishments. We talked shop, which means food. Teehee! The waiter seemed very glad to have me for a costumer. I like that. I wish I knew his name. I usually note that but after a long week of  testing I guess I just wanted to stuff my face with good pizza. lol! Manga!
5	I LOVE this place. I probably eat here at least once a month. My favorites are the goat cheese and pear salad and the truffled mushroom pizza. The salads and pizzas are big enough to share between two people so this is a great place to have lunch or dinner with a girlfriend! The people that work here are really nice and there is always great service. One occasion that stood out was the manager going around to each table asking how everything was going then taking a propane tank out right away to turn on a heat lamp for my friend and me.
5	This is now my favorite restaurant and wine bar . Casual dress recommended. Classic hang out . Very nice and clean .User friendly, no pressure, very nice and clean . I go there all the time .
5	My husband and I have been eating at La Bocca for years. The food is incredible and that is the reason we keep coming back.I believe this place has really stepped it up in the service department.  We have had horrible service consistently but our most recent visit prompted me to write this review.Our servers name was Mckinley and he went above and beyond to make sure we had a wonderful dining experience. We will be requesting him as our server from now on.
4	La Bocca is a cute place to go on a date night or ladies night. The atmosphere is great, with the dimmed lights and city vibe. The bruschetta is great paired with their red sangria! The pear salad and any of the pizzas are great as well. I love that this place is easy to walk in and sit down and order without much of a hassle.
4	This is a neat place to come and hang out, have some wine or beer with friends and lounge. The atmosphere is great with various conventional tables, booth tables, coffee table and chairs/couches, and outdoor seating all available. It is low lit and has an old movie playing silently in the background. The server was really friendly and helpful. While I was disappointed they didn't have a gluten free menu or at least gluten free options, he was more than willing to check out the meats, hummus, and other delicious options on the plates we ordered to see if those were were naturally gluten free. They usually have some type of happy hour special, last night it was half off a bottle of wine which myself and three other friends enjoyed. We also ordered a bruschetta plank, the Mediterranean plate, antipasta plate, goat cheese and pear salad, and salami pesto pasta. My friends enjoyed the pasta and said it was great, I tried the toppings from the bruschetta and was able to eat anything from the two plates and the salad (- the bread of course) Everything was amazing. Its hard to say what we liked best because each item was so unique and flavorful. The price was not bad for four people to go out and have wine and dinner. Our bill was around 80.00. Overall, definitely a place you should try if you're in the area. Great lounge to just go and relax with friends.
4	Oh, La Bocca, you had me at hello.  Almost as soon as I sat down (it's seat yourself at lunch time) I was greeted by a friendly waitress with a refreshing glass of ice water. The water was delicious; it seemed like it was filtered and there was also a thick slice of cucumber floating on top that was crisp and fresh. That was some really great water and I very much appreciated it since it was 100+ degrees outside and I had walked there from my office on Rio Salado.After some pondering, I decided to go with a garden pizza. The pizzas are personal size but they probably could be split by two people if you got a salad or appetizer to go along with it. I ended up eating the entire thing myself because it was so delicious! I loved every bite of it! The veggies tasted very fresh and they were allowed to shine since there was no tomato sauce... just some truffle oil and small amount of balsamic on the arugula. The blue cheese had a bite to it but there was just the right amount so that it didn't overpower. I do agree with some of the other reviewers that the center of the pizza was just a tad soggy, but I believe it was natural moisture from the roasted veggies. The pizza was not greasy at all. I thought the crust was the perfect balance of wood-fired crisp with a pleasant chewiness.The service was great thru the whole meal and I really liked the decor and atmosphere. Overall, just a great first impression. I will definitely be back for lunch and hopefully happy hour so I can sample some of their wine list.
4	Oh La Bocca... Since my discovery of this place over a year ago I have visited a solid  dozen times. Why? Because it simply excels in almost every category. The wait times have never been lengthy for me, granted I usually try to avoid dinner rushes unless I'm equipped with a reservation. Service tends to be on the quick side. Well organized and knowledgable, the staff here will guide you well into your first meal experience with ease. Extensive wine lists covering various regions and styles will entice you to indulge a bit into a drink or two. Be careful though as the wine can quickly rack up your bill! The decor is incredibly well done. Beautiful paintings and alluring photographs have been meticulously placed with astoundingly careful consideration. The furniture gives an oddly successful blend of casual elegance which translates itself into a nearly unmatched ambiance. Old classic movies are often projected onto a wall near the bar, something intriguing to me as I have never seen such a thing in a restaurant before. Thankfully the sound is muted on the movie and purposes itself only as an intelligent use of visual oddity. Great touch. For looks alone you cannot find much better in the Tempe area. Appetizers here are very well done. The Bruschetta is an absolute MUST! Do not leave here without getting your table at least one platter of the delicacies. Oh my are they good... Pizzas here are made in your standard artisan style. The Sicilian is the best, but maybe I only think so because of my natural gravitation to anything goat cheese. You can't really go wrong with the pizza, it's a solid artisan pie with typically great flavors and cooked to perfection. Only one time has La Bocca let me down, and the manager was quick to fix the issues with the food. Hardly a bad experience really.Being the calzone fiend that I am, it was only a matter of time before I tried one. Usually a hit or miss at most restaurants, I can only thank the food gods for teaching whoever the chefs are how to make a great calzone. Luckily it's in a build your style as well so you pickier eaters can be satisfied too! Highly recommended and my favorite thing on the menu next to the bruschetta.Bills can get up there in price. Be prepared to spend around $15-25 a person depending on drinks. If the recently trendy wine/bruschetta bar is your thing try La Bocca. In my opinion it trumps Postino's in almost every category, a great feat as Postino's is certainly no easy competition.
4	Some friends and I decided to meet up for Happy Hour and La Bocca won our pick for new place to try out.  I was happy that there was parking basically right behind it so that I didn't have to walk too far from my car (you know me and my stilettos!)  The girls at the host station were friendly and greeted me right away, my friend already had a table though so I was able to walk right in.Our server came over very quickly to take our drink order and tell us about happy hour.  Unfortunately for us the things we wanted (Sangria and the Orange Blossom Martini) were not included in the special.  We decided to get them anyway and were glad we did as they were both delicious.  The third member of our group showed up at that point and ordered herself a sangria as well.Both of them ordered salads (caesar for her and caprese for him) but I wanted something with a bit more sustenance so I asked the server for his recommendation.  He said his favorite item was the Bocca Trio pizza which had tomatoes, pepperoni, salami, sausage and olives.  It sounded good and I figured my friends would need something more than leaves and seeds to tide them over so they could share mine.The caprese salad should have been called a caprese plate because what came out was not a salad.  It was good, but it was about 4 basil leaves and then some mozzarella and tomato.  I would consider that more of an appetizer than an entree salad so he definitely shared my pizza.  The caesar salad was what you would expect and she seemed to enjoy it.  My Bocca Trio pizza was very good which was bad because my friends didn't take as much to share as I'd hoped and I was left with most of it when we finished.  I will definitely be coming back to La Bocca again and I can't wait to try some of their other offerings.
4	Arguably, one of the best places to get sangria in America. They once even gave me a free drink, which I truly appreciate since I have slightly gypsy tendencies.
3	My husband and I were at the Tempe Arts Festival around lunch time, and I spotted La Bocca.  I had it mentally bookmarked for quite a long time, so I was excited to finally try it.  I was somewhat disappointed.While I appreciate the pretty people that work there, those pretty people might want to carry a pretty pen and write down an order.  We had the bruschetta, which comes with 4 selections, a pizza, and two drinks.  So that's kind of a lot to remember.  When I asked our server if he was going to remember all that, he smirked as if to say "I am a professional lady."  Our bruschetta came and was average overall.  The roasted garlic was anything but roasted.  It was sliced and did not even remotely have the sweet, caramelized flavor you expect.  It was cooked enough to not knock you over, but still retained the firmness of raw garlic.  Since the bruschetta took quite awhile, I was not concerned that our pizza order was taking even longer.  However, our server came by and asked if we needed anything else and I asked about the pizza.  Deer in the headlights stare.  No real apology, just a head shake that told the whole story.  His aversion to ink now resulted in another 20 minutes or so to get the pizza.I will say the "sicily" pizza was really good with schreiner's sausage, parmesan and goat cheese, and sundried tomatoes.  Nice bit of char on the crust.  If in the area, I would come back for that.  Only I will write down the order myself.
4	This was reccommended to me by a friend. Bruschetta options are wonderful and I enjoyed getting to try different styles. Food quality was great. Also had a really good waiter. Friendly and helpful on food selection. The alfredo with proscuitto was delicious. A bit salty but only a little needed to fill up. Skillet cookie with mint basil ice cream was amazing!!!!! I would go here again and reccommend!
5	As a guy that lives in Tempe, I spend quite a bit of time on Mill Avenue. I love this place! It is hard for me to eat less than twice or three times a week here. The roast beef sandwich for lunch is on point and you can't go wrong with the porco pizza at night! The service has been extremely friendly and knowledgeable as well!
4	This is a great place the environment is chill from the decor to the servers. I have eaten lunch here on a couple occasions and have not been disappointed  once. They have great selection of sandwiches that are amazing. On top of everything they price is right as well.
4	I came in with a group of my girlfriends last week and the atmosphere was very classy and relaxing. We had a very good bruschetta plate and shared the white sangria which was to die for! Good place to come for a date or with your girls!
4	The pizza was every bit as good as LGO, AND it's not packed full of hipsters who call everything artisian. Their happy hour is really good too! I had three sublime gin Martinis for $5.50 each.
5	Had the best turkey sandwich ever. Sorry guys, I can't remember the name but it's the first sandwich on the lunch menu. Great for a date as well
4	This is a solid 4 Star place!  A nice non-corporate place to grab a couple drinks or some awesome Sangria on mill.The beet salad was super yummy, light and refreshing, a perfect summer meal.  I couldn't resist trying the pizza and the other reviewers are correct the Fungi one is great, I added prosciutto to it and the saltiness of the ham mixed well with the earthiness of the mushrooms - YUM!The sangria was perfect, service was quick and spot on!
3	It's me, not you.You didn't do anything wrong La Bocca.  You treated me very well.  Always did what you could to make me happy.  I'm just in a place in my life where I need to see other pizza joints.  I'm sure you'll find someone who likes you exactly the way you are.
4	Can't go wrong with La Bocca!The Garden Pizza, is my absolute favorite. Their sangria is yummy, whether its red or white! The cucumber water is a little plus for me as well.
4	Delicious pizza, bruschetta planks and one of my top 3 favorite Red Sangrias.Fresh, flavorful toppings on the pizza.  If you're in the mood to experiment, try the brussel sprout pizza.  I was pleasantly surprised.My favorite pizza is the truffled mushroom.  Heaven.
5	Tried out this place out during a work conference and man was it great!  The ambience was so warm, cozy, and romantic and the food was tasty. Our waiter was also very attentive and overall it was my favorite restaurant in the area.
5	Visiting from Los Angeles and found this little gem. We went two nights in a row because it was so good. Nice wine menu, half off all day Sundays!! Our server was fantastic. Very friendly vibe.
5	My boyfriend and I frequent this place when ASU is in session. I love their food, which you can tell is made with only the freshest ingredients. It's a cute place right on Mill with an outdoor patio. They have tons of great drinks and on some nights show old movies. Try the bruschetta, it's some of the best I've ever had. Overall, where you're an ASU student or not, try La Bocca. It's a yummy and healthy alternative to everything else available on Mill.
4	We've been here a number of times.  The margarita and bocca trio pizzas are very good.  Always have a nice crust, fresh toppings, and the wines by the glass are above average.  Cool and casual atmosphere with good service.  Will continue to go back.
5	Can't believe I've never left a review - I go here so much I should own stock! Good service (nothing out of this world - but I like that they leave you alone and only check on you when it seems you need something - and they are friendly when they do) Bruschetta planks to die for - pizza is delish and the Med Plate - no words, you just have to order it. I usually ask to skip the warm feta and just give me extra babaganoush - you will be in heaven. Wash it down with a carafe of their red sangria and you're all set. I LOVE this place!!!
3	Was very excited to go here with my friend for the first time. Definitely left happy and had a good experience. The place is very easy to find and huge inside and I love how they have an outdoor patio to eat at instead of inside. The employees were not that friendly and just didn't look like they wanted to be working but I didn't let that ruin my experience here. My friend and I shared the Bruschetta Planks and got, housemade pesto with fresh roma tomato, housemade pesto with fresh roma tomato, roasted garlic, goat cheese, arugula w/ balsamic, and smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, truffle oil. I had high expectations since the place looked good and the reviews were good but only two out of the four things we picked were good which was disappointing. I probably wouldn't go back here again just because I thought the food would be better.
3	I have to separate my review into sections because it is so vastly different.Service: 3- someone else checked in under our reservation (how this happens, I'm not sure, but it did), so we were forced to wait an extra 45 minutes for a table. Once seated, service seemed kind of slow. Also, at some point during the evening while two of my friends had stepped out, these two random drunken people stumbled in to the restaurant and sat at our table. The management somewhat quickly asked them to leave, but I feel like it should have somehow been prevented. Food: 4- While waiting at the bar we got bruschetta that was very delicious.  Tried almost all the flavors!  The pizzas were very good. Salads were mediocre.  Favorite pizza was the calabria. I didn't even get it, my friend did, but I wish I did! I'll be back just for this pizza it was SO GOOD!Drinks: 4- Sangria is awesome and their wine list is nice.  I really enjoyed the sangria though, so I stuck with that.If you're coming on the weekends definitely make a reservation.
4	I came her to meet with a friend and have a meeting, so neither of us were really looking to have a big meal.  We ordered some red wine sangria and a side order of hummus and bread.  The hummus was tasty and the portion size was generous for the $3 they charged for it.  The menu looked great, so I definitely would like to come back on another occasion to try an entree.
5	Love La Bocca! I went to ASU and we were thrilled when this opened up on Mill. We came here for almost everyone's birthday and lots of fun girls nights and it's also a great date night spot. Bruschetta here is amazing and so is the pizza, you really can't go wrong. Great drink selection, good ambiance and they are always really accommodating for groups and reservations. I like that they have a patio option as well for when it's nice out. I can't imagine why anyone wouldn't like this place!
5	I love this place! Though it's on Mill it has such a great relaxed atmosphere. Their sangria is awesome. I get it every time. Their med plate is to die for and their pizza's are also wonderful. It's a great spot! I've never been disappointed.
5	Wow! The absolute best bruschetta in the world. The pizza was quite amazing as well, as I add blue cheese on it! The waiter was super-duper, positive and upbeat. The whole place is amazing and a great find. Whenever I am in Tempe, this is be a must place to go back again!
4	Extremely good food, considering the atmosphere and price. I ordered the bruschetta planks, along with the truffled mushroom pizza, and I loved it. Only negative part of my experience would have to be how long it took for them to take our order--after we were seated, we waited approximately 20 minutes before anyone came to take our order. Other than that though, La Bocca is amazing--I'll be back soon.
4	Stopped here while on a business trip. Service was good. The menu was fairly simple, and everything had a great description. Waitress had suggestions and I went with the truffle laced mushroom pizza with fresh basil. I also ordered a bruscetta (garlic) and both were fantastic. The beer/wine selection was great too, though I just had a soda. The only two odd things:1. No uniforms for the wait staff, and was a bit difficult to pick out the waitress if you needed one.2. The soda. It came in a can. And they charged for each can (first $1.50, and $0.75 for each additional). Maybe they don't have a fountain drink stand, but that's kind of weird.
3	Pizza is excellent, pasta is mediocre
3	I'm so torn on this one. Is it just me or is there a plethora of these dark, urban pizza wine places in the Phoenix area? Each one trying to be darker and snazzier than the next.Well, for one of these places, La Bocca most definitely delivered:* sangria, check.* loads of bruschetta, check.* cheese plates, check.* make your own "urban" pizza, check.Sarcasm aside, I really did like La Bocca. The wait staff was lovely and helpful, and we liked *most* of our food. The sangria and the bruschetta were delicious - five stars! But then things started going downhill. The cheese plate just didn't deliver for me - I actually couldn't eat some of them. Then my Brussels sprouts and proscuitto stromboli came out - and it flooded my plate with some type of watery liquid as soon as I cut into it. It was just plain gross. The server let me send the stromboli back, and I ordered a meatball pizza instead. The pizza was definitely a notch up, but I wasn't blown away.We did end the night on a high note with creme brulee that was perfectly crunchy on top and cold in the middle. Although I'm not in love with places like La Bocca, this is a totally good option if you're on Mill Ave in Tempe and wanting some delicious sangria and bruschetta.
3	Let e start off that this isn't a place just to eat. It's a place where you get together with some friends and share a bottle of wine. Then you order some dishes to split with it. Unfortunately I was looking for a foodgasm. The food is good, but not amazing in any way to me. I really enjoyed trying the different bruschetta and the margherita pizza was decent but it wasn't a place that I would say amazes the taste buds. I'll come back one night to try the sangria and maybe the med plate one day. But it's not on top of my list of places to visit.
4	The crust was great the pizza was yummy and the salad was awesome.
4	Great ambiance and atmosphere at La Bocca! Located right in the heart of ASU in Tempe, La Bocca has nice sized outdoor patio/indoor seating, fun music and good vibe.Bruschetta is a must and always a great option to try a variety of the options! I have been here before and always a great meal. Whether its the salads, pizza or wine - just go for all 3 :)Tonight we had the red sangria and it tasted a little different than usual. From my perspective the red sangria tasted like Christmas potpourri in a cup. Although that being said, the more you drank the more i was accustomed to the taste. Great unconventional twist on the red. Maybe give it a whirl and try the white!
4	So good! My coworker and I ordered two really great pizzas, but I remember her's more than mine because it had goat cheese and bacon. I happen to think both of those items enhance everything and are heaven together. The food is great, the service, good, but I do think the pizza is a bit pricey. They also had a decent beer menu. Of the places I ate in Tempe while visiting, this was BY FAR the best.
1	I don't take posting this kind of review lightly; however, given the God-awful night I just had, it needs to be said.I was meeting a work party at La Bocca and 2 of us arrived early.  The hostess immediately greeted us and I asked how they'd prefer to handle since the rest of our party wouldn't be showing up for about 40 min.  She was very friendly and said that we could have the big table that we need (now) and it would be fine.The server came while I was in the restroom and brought us some water.  We didn't get another visit from her for 20 minutes.  While very friendly, she wasn't the best listener.  On more than one occasion, she brought the wrong drink because she assumed we wanted a refill of the same, instead of the drink we actually ordered.  Not a huge deal, she immediately fixed the order.Once our party arrived, we ordered multiple bruschetta plates and pizzas so we could all try them.  Most of our party liked the food.  There were a couple of issues:  unripened tomatoes in the caprese salad and soggy dough in the center of all the pizzas.  Overall though, we just ate around those issues.The real problem began once I arrived home.  At approx 2 AM, I was awakened by the most painful stomach cramps that I've ever had.  I have no doubt in my mind that I had food poisoning.  I won't disgust you with the details.  Google food poisoning and then multiple it by 10.  The next 6 hours were the worst experience in my entire life.  By 8 AM, I was laying in a naked heap on my bathroom floor.  It finally started to subside but I've been weak, dehydrated, and achy all day - and it's now 24 hrs later.  I'm still trying to recover from this experience.Needless to say, I will not be returning, nor will I refer anyone here.  I may very well be the exception to the positive reviews left for this restaurant and I truly hope I am; however, I will not be giving them another chance to make amends.  I just can't take that chance again.
2	I'm giving this place two stars because of the bad experience I had last time I dined there. My friend and I both found hairs in our meal. Yes we both have long hair, which hers was up the entire meal and mine was put back around when our second course came out. We merely found it a little too much of a coincidence that both of us found hairs in our meal. Instead of comping any of our meals they gave us a cookie, which was good but more of their food was the last thing we wanted! Every other time we had gone there though it was a really great experience, loved the food, fun environment. But we can't bring ourselves to go back ever again unless it's solely for drinks. They have the best sangria in town!
4	Looking for a new place to celebrate my 64th birthday. Live in Tempe, and like to support local businesses. As I love pizza, decided my husband and I would ride Orbit downtown for an early dinner at La Bocca Urban Pizzeria + Wine Bar. So glad we did! We chose to sit inside although the temperatures this evening would have allowed for easy outside sitting. La Bocca has an outside dining area that faces Mill but also wraps around the north side of the restaurant. Inside the ambiance was soothing. Dark wood tables with a hint of red, a central area for napkins/utensils, plates, etc. Good size bar. Music played, and seem to become louder as the evening progressed. We were a bit confused on how to order the planks, but had an excellent server throughout the evening who explained how to order (for $12 we could order 4 different bruschettas). The four bruschettas came sliced (a generous portion to be shared with one another), so for a total of 8 slices in all. My favorite was the smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone and truffle oil- mainly due to the meat and fig-really did not even taste the truffle oil. My husband's favorite and my second favorite was the Gorgonzola, pear, basil w/balsamic reduction. Would have liked the balsamic reduction to have been a bit more prominent in the serving. We enjoyed the roasted baby beets, goat cheese and honey drizzle (again, a bit more honey would be nice!). The roasted garlic could have displayed the garlic more, but did enjoy it with the arugula with balsamic and goat cheese. We chose the margarita pizza. Full-bodied tomato sauce and rich melted mozzarella with basil leaves. Crust was excellent... more on the thin side and not overly heavy. We brought 2 slices home with us!!!We arrived during happy hour which helped hold our tab down... 2 glasses of an excellent Mirth chardonnay (unoaked) and my husband enjoyed 2 Perroni beers. As it was my birthday, received a free desert. So, for under $40 we had an exceptional dinner at a great place that we look forward to coming back to try other pizzas and their plates and salads. Great relaxed atmosphere during the 4:30pm to 6:00pm time we were there.
5	Loved this place. Food appeared to be authentic Italian food, and not the frozen selections usually seen at chain restaurants. My fiance is pretty picky since he is a chef, and given his emtpy plate, I would say he was impressed. Waitress was friendly, atmosphere was warm and inviting, and food and drinks were tasty. Definitely get the sangria, I had the white sangria, however tasted both-thanks to the waitress;)
3	The waitress was amazing, but the pasta that I ordered was very soggy. I thought this place would be a lot better, but I was pretty disappointed.
4	GREAT FOR BIRTHDAYS! It can get busy! but its worth it! we have gone for mine and my wifes Brithdays and they have allways been really cool with large parties even if its buys! chill candle mood going! Its dressey chill foods perfect and the place is clean! Some times cold so bring a jacket! but you should love it.
4	Best place to eat on mill if you're looking for Italian and something casual. The pizza and bruschetta is what they are known for.
4	It's almost a bit odd how upscale this place is right in the heart of Mill Ave.  Quite refreshing, to be honest.  Two of us for dinner during the week - each had a pizza, glass of sangria, and shared a dessert.  My pizza was tasty, but nothing special for the price.  The white sangria, however, is highly recommended - one of my fave beverages, and done so well here for $6.Overall, the atmosphere is fantastic, the food is above par, and the drink selection is sophisticated for the area.  Good date or group dinner/happy hour spot.
4	Very good service on the night of the bowl game - tasty pizza and a good salad - we will go back - and the venue is very nice - easy in and out and not crazy - good service and friendly people - thank you.  Made it to the game on time.
4	They have a great happy hour special that starts at 3pm.  I am always looking for a venue that can accommodate a work group of 10+ in the area.  You would think it would be easy along Mill Ave. but you would be surprised.  We came for happy hour and they have fabulous specials on wines (1/2 off) and specials on beers. Came here with a group of ladies from work and one had a birthday and they gave her a complimentary dessert. Nice touch and so unexpected.  Anyhow, they do have great specials for happy hour check our their website for the weekday specials.  Great atmosphere for large parties and great service!
5	Great food and atmosphere. Perfect for a date or nice group of friends!! Great location to take a nice stroll after a great meal!
4	We ate here and had the bocca trio and truffled mushroom pizzas along with a rather large harvest chop salad.  The bocca trio was a tad on the salty side but still a great tasting pizza,while the truffled mushroom pizza was amazing.  We also had  white sangrias which were so good I was almost licking the bottom of the glass.  We came with our two young kids on a Sunday evening and never felt out of place.  I'd definitely go back.
5	Go here all the time for dates. The service is nice. The inside dinning area is also very nice. The outside is great, right on mill! The calzones are my favorite as you can build your own putting your own ingredients inside and they're also pretty big so you can have leftovers the next day!
4	Great service and food. Ordered a pizza, however it was overly greasy for my taste. Other than that it tasted excellent!
5	Fantastic! Took awhile to post this (Jan1) but our bartender Rod made amazing recommendations on drinks and food! Bruschetta was everything we could have ever dreamed and the mushroom pizza with truffle oil was amaze! Definitely a place that takes pride in what they do! Very reasonable pricing and great wine selection! Also some outdoor seating that we will be enjoying in the future!
5	My wife and I ordered the Bocca trio and Mushroom truffle  ... Delicious. Fresh and top quality ingredients in good moderation.The service and atmosphere is great for a romantic night out or a social gathering.Definitely coming back!
5	The food is delicious. My husband and I had the BOCCA Trio and the Mushroom truffle. Both pizzas where delicious with and explosion of flavor! Of course we couldn't have dinner without some wine. Wine was smooth rich and under HAPPY HOUR PRICE! love it! Over all very happy with the food and friendly service. Mill needs more places like this one.
1	Came with an out of town friend for drinks and a nice dinner. The bar manager came over accusing us of presenting a fake ID that was valid. After other forms of ID confirming it was real, the bar manager still refused to serve. I'm 26 years old. The bar manager took the ID and the police had to come confirm it was real. The manager was rude throughout the whole experience.
4	Best Happy Hour in the Tempe/Phoenix area--it's basically Happy Day since it lasts from noon to six pm (all wine, beer, and well-drinks). Be sure to try their Clean-Slate and Orange Blossom martini, but the house-made Limoncello is overrated. The truffle mushroom pizza is the best, but some of the sausage pizzas get too greasy.
5	Great ambience. Great service (thanks McKenley). Great place for a couple to have salads (very good beet and tomato salad) and split a pizza. Very good pizza with good selection of topping options. Finish it off with a fantastic chocolate chip cookie with ice cream dessert. Convenient downtown Tempe location. Will be back!
4	I do love La Bocca. It's a nice little place sitting on Mill Avenue where you can people watch if you sit outdoors. It's comfortable with heaters in our wintertime but a bit toasty in the summer. The staff is friendly and efficient and the food is good. Our party of 7 met for dinner before a play at Gammage on a Saturday evening. It was a bit crowded as the evening wore on and we were glad we had come early. The bruschetta is quite good and the Med plate was dynamite. We tried all eight of their bruschetta, and I love that fig!! Their salads are good and so are their pizzas. White wine sangria is also a great choice. Stop in and enjoy an afternoon or evening.
4	Located on one of the busiest streets in Tempe, this restaurant is a great spot for grabbing a drink or some food! The restaurant is hip, tastefully decorated with lots of paintings and artwork. It reminds me of one of those cafes in Paris, with a heated patio. The menu offers a wide selection of healthy options, from salads to pastas to pizza. We ordered the margarita pizza which I thought were delicious (though not the best, given that I've had better options in NYC). In Phoenix, however,  this can easily be one of its best restaurants and wine bars!
5	This place is.. So cute! I know that's not really how you'd like to read a review, but this is the only way I could describe it! The service was great & our server was helpful. Being that it was my first time, she happily explained the menu & offered a couple of suggestions. I ordered a couple of bruchettas (a must have item) & the Sicilian pizza, along with the Leitz Out Riesling white wine. Everything was great! The ambiance of the restaurant altogether was pretty chill. I arrived close to 5:30 PM & didn't leave until around 8ish. I didn't have to raise my voice much to speak nor did I have to use my ears more to hear. Paintings on the walls & the entire decor was.. Again, cute! I loved everything. I will definitely go back. Btw, I'm not sure what time it started, but the Happy Hour ends at 6:30 PM.
4	Nice atmosphere and delicious Italian food. Fellow yelper Dorothy C. Brought me here during my Arizona trip. We shared a bruschetta plank as an appetizer (loved the prosciutto+fig, ricotta+honey, and fresh mozzarella+basil) and also the truffled mushroom pizza. Our waitress recommended the house made special blackberry lemon cello which was unnecessarily strong and disappointing in terms of flavor.
1	They steal from their customers!  I actually liked this place - thought it was cute.  Wine and pizza were good.  However, my $11.00 bar tab magically became an $80.00 bar tab.   I had to spend 2 hours with my bank to 'prove' to the merchant that I didn't alter my tab.  If you go, pay with cash and count every penny you get back.  Won't be back and I'll tell everyone I can that they try to steal from their customers.
5	Love this place!! Great staff! Great service! Love the bruschetta and the pizza!! Favorite thing to order is the garlic pizza with prosciutto. Make sure to try the pomegranate margarita ( yummy!) !
5	I was a die-hard Cibo fan when it came to pizza in the Phoenix area, but now it's a tough call! La Bocca was cute - not as intimate and hipstery as Cibo - more cozy and trendy. The wine list was amazing, and there was also a decent selection of beers on tap. If you're just planning on going out for drinks and appetizers with a small group, I recommend sitting in the "lounge areas" so you don't have to wait.My bf and I went for dinner, and our server was great. She was very attentive and made excellent suggestions. We got the antipasti plate for a starter. Everything was tremendous, but the highlights were the prosciutto-wrapped goat cheese and the house pesto spread. Both fantastic and unique! For our main course, I ordered the smoked prosciutto Alfredo (which had orange zest that truly took it to the next level!) and my boyfriend ordered a build your own pizza. We shared our meals; the portions weren't HUGE but we had enough leftover for one lunch the next day. Finally, we couldn't resist getting the chocolate chip cookie for dessert. We shared, but it was small enough for one sugar-craving individual :)I would definitely recommend la Bocca!
3	We've been to this place a couple times and each time I enjoy the food. Usually I get the Bocca trio pizza which is always good. I've had both wine and a mojito from this place and both are good (the mojito was crisp and refreshing) although I think they're just a tad overpriced. We recently went to celebrate Valentines Day a day late (we went the Saturday after, due to our schedules). Made the reservation and got a table no problem, and it was busy. The downfall was when my girlfriend and I both wanted pasta, and were informed that they ran out. Ran out? Of pasta? At an Italian restaurant? We both found this a bit ridiculous. Still, the meal I got was good. My girlfriend was less impressed, and stated that she won't be going back. The salad she got was the same amount as her glass of wine, which didn't sit well with her. I refuse to let one bad experience ruin my outlook and will give it another shot. I enjoy the atmosphere in the restaurant, and think it's cool that they project indie films onto the back wall throughout the time you're there. My only complaint is that each time we go, we're always seated towards the front of the restaurant, so much so that I feel we never actually get to experience the complete atmosphere, as we're always located by the front door, or a window. I'm not sure if that makes sense, although it does to me.The dessert was good, a baked pan cookie with icecream on top. Nothing too crazy but good nonetheless. All in all, I'll go back, and hopefully next time they'll have pasta because I'd like to try out different dishes.
5	incredible homemade lemon cello, delicious babagunoush, friendly service. Can't wait to go again!
1	I can't say for certain where I got this cold. I can say that I'm very careful and rarely come down with one. This takes me to me story. This last week, the week of February 17 2014, I came down with a very nasty cold. It seems like it came on strong. I've though hard about where I might have picked it up. I'm concerned that it might have been a restaurant in downtown Tempe, AZ.  The restaurant is La Bocca on South Mill Street. Here's why I think it might have been caught there. I had ordered a draft beer with my meal. When I got the beer I noticed that the brew clung to the side of the glass much the way spit would cling to glass. While I though it was odd I also thought it might be a property of the beer. I now don't believe it was. I'm worried that they don't clean their beer glasses very well. Be careful of the draft beers.
4	Made reservations ahead of time to have dinner with a few friends from out of town, the food was satisfactory but the service wasn't great. First off, I thought we would be able to be seated in a nicer area since I reserved ahead of time, but instead the six of us were seated in an area that was just WAY too dark. Like, couldn't see my food. Could barely see my friend in front of me. Second, the waiters, as kind as they tried to be, seemed super stressed out and exasperated throughout the night. I felt pressured during my order to hurry up, and when the food came out, a snobby brunette literally dropped off our food without saying a single word, and when I asked for more water (since it hadn't been filled the entire night) she just gave me a face and never came back to our table again. Here are some of the things were ordered: Red wine sangria -- 2 carafes for 6 people made it to about 1.5 glasses per person. Taste was more tart than sweet, but the only fruit in it was orange peels. Peels. Bruschetta planks -- nice attempt, but I prefer Postino's Central. I enjoyed the proscuitto fig, but the other ones were not so good. Chicken/Tomato bruschetta tasted weird, and the pear/balsamic just didn't work.Porco pizza -- the meat was good, cheese was good, but together it needed a little bit more spice, as it was a bit bland. Our waiter was nice enough to give us some tabasco but I never thought pizza at a place like this would actually need it. In summary, I don't think I would return to this restaurant. I thought the vibe would be smooth, relaxed, and ambient, but it was quite the opposite. I'll be looking for other pizza places from here on out.
4	My friend wanted to come here for dinner one evening...To start, we ordered the Mediterranean plate. This was a really good appetizer. But beware because it's hugeeeee!!!! I loved the hummus and the babganoush that it came with. The cheese was good but a bit salty. For the entree we shared the truffled mushroom pizza. This thing was delicious!!!! Like reallyyyyy delicious! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Lol for drinks I ordered the red sangria and my friend got the orange blossom martini. I wasn't too fond of my sangria. I think it could've been a bit sweeter. I would definitely come back for their pizza. They also have happy hour and reverse happy hour on the weekends that I'd like to check out. It's a really cute little pizza place. Perfect for a date or even dinner with friends. They have a great outdoor patio and it's right on Mill Ave. So good for people watching. =)
4	Really enjoy the pizza here. The little patio is cute too. The wine pours are very generous. You don't' really feel like you're on Mill.
4	Great food, great drinks,  great company.  Perfect night out in the patio with the bestieMediterranean plate was outstanding.  The hummus was delicious. And the babganouch?!?!?!?! It was heaven!!!!!! The truffled mushroom pizza was alright.  I thought it can be better. Shrugs. The crust though.. I killed the crust. Haha :)) My drink, orange blossom martini. Ehhhh, it was decent. After 3 or 4 sips, it got boring to me.Overerall, the place is nice, the food was good.I'll come back just for the Mediterranean plate :))
4	If only my date was as good as the food and environment at La Bocca.  Sigh.I've been in here a few times, most recently on the aforementioned bad date, and once before when my mother was in town.  I've had several of the bruschettas, a salad, a pizza, and guzzled quite a lot of wine.  All in all, great atmosphere and food, they know their way around a pizza oven and how to serve up prosciutto.  I suppose I could compare La Bocca favorably with Postino's, I will definitely be back for a date night.  Next time, with a better date!
4	Rated on top in the area, I didn't have reservations, but I would suggest it because we scored a table near the front doors around 9 p.m. Wonderfully crafted cocktails, italian style pizza was great, and our waitress was so friendly. I would consider it a great fine dining with a romantic, yet casual flair. The pizza was not so bad, the crust was baked just right and the flavors were mediocre.
4	So noms! Went on a never ending adventure for our last dinner in Arizona and went from Banditos to some wine bar whose name I can't remember and we finally ended up here! Little did we know it was in the same neighborhood we hung out at the day before! Asked for a seat outside and got seated on the side in the shade. Got to choose between a regular table or the lounge table and we opted for the regular table. I can't imagine it being that easy to eat at the other one. We were going to go with two pizzas but went with one pizza and a bruschetta platter and I am so glad we did! We got the ricotta, pesto, pear, and mozzarella brsuchetta and the pear with gorgonzola was by far the best one. Soooo noms. I was saving my half for my last bite but my boyfriend freaking took it. Argh. Pretty sure it was $12 for four and you can pick from a rather large variety. We got our go to mushroom truffle oil pizza. It is definitely on the smaller side of pizzas but we were both full by the end of the meal! The pizza was solid and the crust was perfect. The calzones looked amazing and seem to be super popular. Too bad we don't live in the area! I got the blackberry mojito and it was whack. STAY AWAY. There was no mint in my mojito. I don't know if they strained it already or what but it was no good and at $9 I expect a half decent cocktail. Drank it all anyways because thats how I roll.
5	My husband were in town for just the night and stayed in a hotel down the road so I went on Yelp to find a place to eat dinner.  Amidst all the "college scene" type places on Mill Ave, there is a wonderful oasis called La Bocca.  Great atmosphere, great food and good wine and beer.  We had the Bruschetta Plank, which is a great concept we'd never seen.  You get to choose 4 different types of bruschetta from the list and they bring them out on a wood plank to share.  It was beyond delicious!!  And the arugula, beet and goat cheese salad we split was perfect.  La Bocca hit the spot.  I wish we had one in our town in Southern California!  We'd be there all the time.Oh and p.s. - thank you for having Open Table.  It makes it so much easier to make a reservation.
4	Happened to be down on mill with company from back east. The reviews on yelp were right on. Good service with food that was very good and great flavor. We will be back.  Chop salad was one of the best we have had in a while
2	I was quite disappointed to find out that they had no gluten free option on the menu. I mean even Tessios pizza has that available.
4	Dinner with friends which started out as 5 and grew to 6 mid-dinner. Our server was super helpful in accommodating even though it was a busy Saturday night. We started with several bruchetta planks, the prosciutto, fig and marscapone with truffle oil was my personal hand's down fave. But really, they were all good. We also had the antipasti plate, which was a really great blend of savory treats. THEN. On to the main event: PIZZA. We had the Brussel Sprout pizza, which everyone loved, but I think I loved it a little more. We also had the truffled mushroom (seeing a trend), which I loved even MORE than the brussel sprout and we had the Porco, which I loved (but still loved) least. The Porco has an unexpected amount of kick, which I appreciated. After 4...or was it 5 (?) bottles of wine, a relaxing and enjoyable evening we were on our way. It was a fun dinner, for a reasonable price. I'd totally go back again. So if you go: Get something with truffles. That is all.
5	Great salads, sangria and the truffle mushroom pizza was wonderful too!  Fun place!Had a great time there!
5	We didn't try the food, but thoroughly enjoyed sitting at the bar. We stumbled upon this place as we strolled down Mill, and decided to drink some wine. Everyone is very friendly and makes the experience worth trying out. Thanks to Tony and others for making our experience and night out wonderful!
4	Sometimes the service here can be lethargic but the food makes up for it.  Make sure to try the Brie and Turkey sandwich.  Also great specials on beer!
4	Trendy. Loved the patio seating.Ordered the Bruchetta. Fig/Arugula was my fav.
4	Was here a couple of weeks ago for a Gammage Goers event. Love this cute little place right on Mill Avenue! The bruschetta was tasty and a good price for the quantity! The service was really slow (we waited around 15 minutes for the check), I think because it was St. Patrick's Day she was a bit overwhelmed, but I definitely want to go back to try more items. Especially their Sangria. ;)
5	I don't know why it took me so long to write a review! My boyfriend lives in Tempe, Arizona and whenever I would visit we would go to La Bocca. It's one of those places I crave when I'm hungry!! Whenever we go, we get the bruschetta to start and then a pizza each (which may seem too much but I would feel so bad afterwards if i didn't finish mine, which barely happens). The food is just amazing. On top of that, the service is excellent. One time they were a little late with our food, the manager visited our table to apologize and gave us our pizzas for free. Talk about good customer service! Other than that time, the service is actually pretty fast and the waitresses we get are suppper nice! Overall, it's one of my favourite restaurants that I will continue to look forward to whenever I plan a trip to Tempe.
4	Great atmosphere and service. Delicious Blanco sangria. Had the margarita pizza and plate of 4 bruchettas. Beet and goat cheese was awesome!!
5	Outstanding. My first time and gotta say I can't wait to come back and try other things. Notables the water comes with slice cucumber. Pasta homemade. Service is best in city. Cool vibe menu and music. Love this Place try it.
4	This restaurant was recommended to us by a friend and we really enjoyed it. Its on Mill Ave. so you can sit outside on the patio and have fun watching the goings on up and down Mill. We had the Bruschetta as an appetizer and it was really good. For dinner, I had the smoked prosciutto alfredo and it was delicious! It came with a small dinner salad and that cost around $14. Service was great as well. We will definitely go back, fun little spot and great atmosphere!
5	I literally can not get enough of this place.  I am a member of VCA barter and they take barter restuarant $$ as well.  Great champagnes, wines, meat platters and med platters!
5	Great Pizza and great desserts
4	Food was good. Did the med plate and it was good and super filling. Then did the Brussels sprout pizza it was good too. Wine selection is pretty bare. You can tell service is use to college kids and hipsters. We had a large party (15) and the service was pretty absent. Oh and the table was super weird shaped. Made it hard serve the people in the back had to pass the food to them. Otherwise nicely designed place. Good food.
5	Seriously. Obsessed. I love this restaurant to pieces! The atmosphere is so cozy and fun, whether your sitting on the patio outside listening to music, cuddled up on the couches sharing bruschetta, or with your entire family on a booth fit for 20, this is win every time! Pizza - amazing. Sangria -To die for. Cheese tray - perfect. Great to share with friends or for a first date- La Bocca won't let you down!
5	My husband and I loved this place! From the wine list, to the old movie being projected on the wall, to the ambiance, friendly staff, and let's not forget the delicious food! I can't wait to go back!
4	Really liked the atmosphere. The mushroom pizza was great! And loved the antipasti plate! Definitely will be back.
3	Its good, not amazing though.  One of the better places on mill i'd say.  Nice spot to relax and have a quick bite and a glass or wine or sangria.  My gf liked the sangria less than I did, she thought it was a bit to sweet.
4	This place is nice, in a primo location - dead on Mill Ave. As such it does not really cater to the common student due to a little higher quality, and pricier thereafter. I really like it overall, but the ambition to make the distinction from the surrounding atmosphere does inject a uneasy feel of pretentiousness. That is the negative. Besides that I feel that La Bocca does what it should, even thought it doesn't compete with the really good wine places, nor the really eclectic cheese and/or bruschetta creators.. but they don't need to. Location is the key here. The baba ganoush is what is on the must-list, and they have both decent wines and decent brews. The brews are not strangers to the avid beer drinker, but enough for the level of cuisine offered. I much rather have a little place with limited ambition and doing what they do excellently, instead of stretching their ambition too thin. Thank you for that LBUP.At my last visit I sat lounging outside to have a private conversation with a friend while being entertained by the passersby eclecticism and spirit. This is a gem for that purpose, due to the statement this place has on that side of the street.. yet not clogging up the free flow of people and modern student culture that is streaming just inches from your consumeristic haven. I will return again, and most probably again.
3	Here for dinner. Started with the sangria (red) little stiff .got use to it after couple sips. Pizza arrived looked it looked good.Flavor not so much. Overall little pretentious.
2	My friend and I stopped by one night without reservations, so I had to sit at the bar.  No biggie, I just wanted a pre-concert nibbly & drink.  But... sitting at the bar, I still had to flag down the bartender to get a drink.  She was more interested in making sure she looked just so than getting my happy on bubbly!So finally, after getting a drink order, we decided to order bruschetta.  That shouldn't take too long..its on the appetizer menu, so at most....10 mins.About 30 mins later, I still couldn't get our bartenders attention for drink refills or to inquire on the delay in our food, so I started talking loudly about not getting to eat.  Finally, the other bartender stopped by to say: "Wow, it sure is taking a long time to get your bruschetta".  Um, yes....so get someone to go check on it please?  At that point, the chic interested in her appearance decided she should probably go see what was taking so long.  She disappeared to the kitchen, and I got hopeful about eating.  A few mins later she reappeared, but only to continue checking out her reflection in chrome and chatting with her coworkers.  Another conversation with me and the other bartender began and went along these lines: "should bruschetta take 40 mins? I mean its just toppings & toast.  I really would like to eat.  I ordered and appetizer, because I didn't have all night to wait for food".  Her response was something like: "I guess there was a problem in the kitchen, and the guy making appetizers got hurt, so that throws everything out of order"ummm, ok.  But i have worked in enough restaurants, so you can't tell me that there isn't anyone capable of putting some meat on toast?So... finally the manager arrives with the bruschetta, his apologies, and the comment that its on the house.  Yes, it should be.  When I asked as to the delay, the manager said the person making appetizers cut himself very badly and that caused the delay.While I am truly sorry someone cut themselves, and I hope it wasn't serious, I still have to ask... was there no one in the kitchen capable of making bruschetta?and what about the crappy bar service, while sitting at the bar?and why did I have to ask about my food, why wasn't the bartender all over that?even if you had to throw away all the ingredients and start from scratch, you think you could have told me that, rather than ignoring me for 40 mins?So here is the deal La Bocca.  You have a good and interesting menu, but nothing so unique that you are the only place in town to get it.  There are plenty of other great wine bars, restaurants, and bruschetta peddlers in town.
4	Not a very big place so we had to wait for a table.  Got a couple drinks at the bar and had a table for two within 15 minutes.  Ordered the pestos chicken pasta and salad.  Pasta was great with very tasty pesto!  Definitely recommended.  My boss and I split a piece of tiramisu for dessert.  It was also great but the piece for very small for the price.  Only one bite each.Would have been five stars but the service was a little slow and the dessert was very small.
4	The food was excellent, Bruschetta was yummy and pizza was thin and crispy! Atmosphere is nice but the waiter was blah! He took forever for everything! But I ain't gonna judge the place by just the waiter, I would go again!
4	We all were loving this place to start, interesting menu, unique toppings, great apps, good wine list, great atmosphere, friendly waitress, it was just disappointing when my pizza came. I ordered a build your own pizza with pesto prosciutto basil and arguala, it sounds amazing, I've had similar pizzas before. But the pizza came out with tomatoes sauce as we'll and only a few dabs of pesto and a few slices of cooked bacon like prosciutto. You think the pesto would be in place of tomato sauce. The tomato and heap of arguala drowned out the pesto basil and prosciutto.  It just could have been done better, this place was about to be 5 star one of the greatest then they disappoint bummer :(
5	Happy Hour 1/2 price wine (by the glass) is a great deal.  Nice selection of reds.  The pizza is tasty--thin crust in the middle, chewy bread on the edges.  We asked for a side of pesto to dip the crust in.  Excellent.  Great service.  Parking can be a bit challenging.  (We were here a few days after graduation, so seating wasn't a problem.  Might be crowded during the school year.)
4	Delicious! Came here last night with friends for Happy hour and we very pleased. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very open and comfortable and we were seated in a nice booth lined with pillows.  Our server, Eric, was incredibly knowledgeable and provided excellent service.I opted for the red sangria to start and it came garnished with oranges.  It was a bit more tart than other sangrias I have had so if you're looking for a sweet sangria, our waiter recommended the white.We ordered the Sicily pizza and I was definitely not disappointed.  The crust was absolutely perfect!  Very light and slightly crispy but not too thin.  The goat cheese combined with the sausage, shallots and sun dried tomatoes were a treat for the tastebuds and my tummy!  Very good flavor and just enough to share between 2  to 3 people. I normally don't order dessert but when I saw they had Tirimisu (which is my favorite), I had to try it.  I wish I had snapped a photo because even the presentation of the dessert was amazing.   I was not disappointed at all after the first bite.  It was light, fluffy, and the had the perfect amount of coffee flavor and custard.  Delicious! I was very pleased and will be back again and again!
4	Very tasty food, but a bit over priced. Love the Sangria's
2	Good food, but totally shitty service. Don't plan on getting any attention, if you aren't a 21 year old ASU student. Place packs people even on off nights, and only street parking. Gotta hit the ice cream place 3 doors down for the unbelievably inexpensive and delish ice cream sammies.
5	Oh La Bocca how I enjoy coming here. There is no place like it on Mill Ave. Every time I come here I love sharing the antipasto platter. The hot/spicy mustard is my favorite. It definitely has a kick to it. After washing all that deliciousness down with a few glasses a wine then order the truffle mushroom pizza. You definitely can't go wrong with anything you order here.
4	We at Vanity on Mill Hair Gallery (944 S. Mill Ave. Tempe) LOVE going to La Bocca.  Such a treat is there brochette and pizza's.  I wish I could get away for lunch more often, cuz their sandwiches and salads are great too.  We're so lucky to be so close to them.  Check them out, you won't be sad.
5	Best Pizza in Tempe!  This trendy restaurant is located right on Mill ave.  When I think of Mill ave, I think college kids and businesses that suit that clientele. This restaurant is fairly upscale & is designed to attract older sophisticated customers. It was a surprising find considering it's surrounded by restaurants targeting college aged kids. Great wine selection, awesome bruschetta, delicious pizza and great service.  Those are constants you can expect when dining at LaBocca. I always recommend this place to everyone I know!
4	Great location, atmosphere, food and service!!
3	Just your typical Arizonian Italian restaurant
5	What a cool spot! The food was amazing beyond words...all I have to say is truffled mushroom pizza!!! And the calzones are huge and taste great. Not to mention we had great customer service from our waitress Brittany! I can't wait to come back here, probably on a Monday again for half off bottles of wine!
4	love their pizza, salads & out of this world meat/cheese plate!
5	If you want Bruschetta, Pizza, and Sangria then this is definitely the place to go!
5	I have been here at least three times, and the food and service is fantastic! The food comes out in a timely matter, the staff are super sweet, and the environment is very cozy.
5	When living in Tempe, this was my favorite place to go for some good food and good conversation. I think this place had the best bruschetta in town. When my husband and I came here, we typically shared a bruschetta plank and a salad.  If we were really hungry, we would order a second bruschetta plank. It's that good! Although I seemed to be in the minority among my friends, I strongly preferred La Bocca to Postino Wine Bar. This place has a nice, modern atmosphere and is very well-priced. This spot is also great because you can people watch on Mill Avenue while tucked away in this gem of a restaurant. In my opinion, this is by far the best place to go on Mill Avenue (Cafe Boa is much more expensive and not that good for their prices).
4	I'd like to assume most 'dining active' people in the Tempe/Metro Phoenix area would know that just because La Bocca is on Mill Avenue does not mean it is like other establishments on Mill Avenue. For any tourists or visitors reading this, I say this because Mill Ave is associated with being rowdy and obnoxious, which is perfectly fine for the college scene. However, La Bocca is a refined wine bar with a customer base not like the ones seen on the stereotypical Mill Avenue.The restaurant itself is very pretty. The main dining area is very comfy with high ceilings, candle lighting, and seating conducive for more intimate dining experiences. The street-side patio is great for people watching, but it's obviously louder during the night. You may also have a vagrant asking, "Are you going to finish that?" The patio couches around the corner are my favorite places to lounge, relax, eat fancy cheese, drink organic wine, and think about my first world problems. I've only dined here a few times, and every time I've had the bruschetta accompanied by a bottle of wine or two. Light eating, but absolutely delicious!What I think La Bocca needs to work on is their communication of specials. There are no table tents or chalkboards visible to the main dining room to let diners know that Sunday night is half off all bottles of wine. If you have specials on other nights then I don't know them after dining there a few times. Maybe the server says it in their spiel, but leaning on the side of overcommunication is not a bad thing,All in all, La Bocca is a very cute restaurant. Yes I said cute. It's a nice date spot and the bruschetta is executed well.
4	Love this place. A great place to catch up with girlfriends. Also their bruschetta and salads top anywhere else I have been.
3	La Bocca has great food and wine, no doubt! The Bocca Trio pizza is delish and the red sangria is a must order. I've been happy with all the pizzas I've ordered. The Garlic and Margarita are good, and if you like mushrooms you have to get the mushroom pizza. There are some misses though... the bruschetta boards can be hit or miss and the pasta dishes lack seasoning. Also, really wish the restaurant had ranch for all those crusts on the pizza... would be amazing!Be warned: you need to call ahead if there will be a wait. I was told last night by the hostesses that the reason I was watching parties be sat in front of my party was because they are required to seat parties who call ahead in front of the people on the waiting list! A pretty wacky rule for a restaurant that won't take reservations, and pretty frustrating for a hungry group of out of towners I was hosting who had to wait an hour to be sat when we were told 30 min! I would suggest a re-thought around that lame policy and maybe suggest management be a little more liberal with the air conditioning in the middle of the summer... it's hot in that place when it's full!All in all, it is a good restaurant though, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal on Mill.
5	Went on a Saturday afternoon. Cool atmosphere with excellent pizza, salads & wine. Will definitely go again.
3	I just thought this restaurant was average as far as pizza is concerned.  The inside is really nice and modern but the pizza was just okay and a little overpriced. I would check out other options in the area for pizza.
4	Highly recommend La Bocca! I used to work in Tempe, so La Bocca was a favorite lunch spot among our office, especially for lunch meetings with clients and out of town guests. I've tried pizzas, salads and bruschetta, and not once was I ever disappointed at La Bocca. Favorite items are the truffled mushroom pizza and the pear salad. Their sangria is awesome also. The vibe of the restaurant is nice/trendy, and they have a great patio for days that aren't too hot.
3	My Boyfriend and I went there and had a... Mediocre experience. We had heard great things about it and were so excited to try it. The atmosphere was wonderful, the salads were dry and just okay, my pasta was awesome, but my garlic bread was burnt. My boyfriend had some water spilt on his back by a waitress who noticed, yet didn't say anything. The margaritas weren't worth $7. Our waitress was nice, but would disappear on us. It was overall just mediocre.
4	Great food and fun placed or laughs & to hang w friends!  It's too noisy for deep conversations, which was what we were trying to do ;-/. So we stopped talking and chowed down the delicious salads, calzones and wines!
5	This is my third visit. Each time I've been pleased with the menu, service and the atmosphere. Live the healthy , urban selections. The music is a little loud for the lunch hour but it's nice. Good for people watching as well.
5	Came here for celebratory happy hour when one of my friends got engaged a few weeks prior. We had salad,Bruchetta, and WINE!!! It was a deal they had going on and it was all delicious. I can't wait to try their pizza!
4	Great food.
5	We met some friends out of town here and decided to go to this Pizza Joint. The experience was terrific. Service was phenomenal. We are not HUGE pizza people but the food and drinks where great. GET THE WHITE SANAGRIA. We started with the Bruchesta Plank, Anti - pasta plate ( giant elephant ear garlic..WHAT!?!? YUUUSSS!), Then we spilt the truffled mushroom pizza ( favorite ) and bocca trio.Next time will just drink white sanagria until I can't see and eat appetizers.
5	Order the orange Martini and the Vampire Repellant, AKA the garlic pizza! Always great food and drink, and we love our bartender Ryan. Sadly, he is leaving us, but the staff staying there we love too. Great for dates... some wine, a cocktail, and a great dinner. Romantic vibes that still err on the side of casual. 5 stars and one of the best places for dinner and wine in Tempe! Postino's main competitor.
5	Wow! Came from Tucson for a business meeting and needed a place to take a colleague for lunch. Portions were great for lunch and every bite was packed with flavor!  The dressings were stellar!
5	Delicious light lunch. I had the roasted peach salad with the Tangly Oaks Chardonnay. The patio was relaxing and allowed me to people watch and enjoy the Fall weather. Tyler was accommodating and pleasant. I'll be back!
2	Went here on a Tuesday night last week. Service was horrible. We barely saw our waitress and never got a refill on my glass of water so I was thirsty the whole time. I ordered a pasta, which was pretty good but not amazing. Also, the portion size was tiny so with both the taste and size, not work 15 bucks. Also they forgot my salad so they brought it to me after I already ate my pasta.
4	(Lyrics - Queen - We Are The Champions)I've come to eatTime after timeI've done my researchI've committed to tryAnd bad reviewsI've made a fewI've had my share of bad taste in my mouthBut I've come through(And I need just go on and on, and on, and on)La Bocca Pizzeria and Bo BitesAnd we'll keeping on eating till the endLa Bocca PizzeriaLa Bocca PizzeriaNo time for choosersCause La Bocca Pizzeria is on Mills....One of the hottest spots on Mill Ave. La Bocca Urban Pizzeria has been a favorite of mines for years.  All ingredients are locally grown and served with love.  My partner and I came around 10pm on a weeknight so the place was pretty calm.  We sat at the bar and ordered their Antipasti plate and Bocca Trio pizza along with a bottle of wine. Our bartender was lovely enough to let us have taste of our choice of wine before making our final decision.  Something light and not too acidic was on our palates tonight.  To start antipasti was pretty good with your usual, salami, prosciutto, cheese, and olives and my favorite the elephant roasted garlic - thank goodness I wasn't planning to kiss anyone that night!  The pizza was darn good!  Anything with 3 meats is good right!? Atop with sausage, pepperoni, salami with roasted tomatoes, and 2 different cheese; mozzarella and fontina.  The dough was soft and the marinara sauce was aromatic and hot helping keep the ingredients warm and fresh to the taste.The service was top notch overall and the ambiance is perfect for a lovely evening of wine and dine; plus if you don't want to break the bank.  The place had a classic decor feel with a modern twist and uptown look.  A plus side in my books! - Enjoy!
5	Always delicious and always great service. Patio is great for people watching! ;)
5	Great atmosphere, terrific food. Had a custom built canzone, with all fresh ingredients. Tyler was a great server!Update: came back for a second round today, it was just as delicious as yesterday!
5	Two days in a row, completely different servers and different food, and still absolutely amazing.
5	Amazing service, the food was devine and it's in a great location. It was so good I went two days in a row.
4	Great salads and very good serviceTook care of a lot of people on game dayWe like the place for great tasteGood cappuccino drinks tooThank youWe will be back
5	Tyler was fantastic! She really made our experience. Ordered for us and everything! Nailed it!! Thanks!
5	Sat inside this time got Tyler again yay!!! The vibe is great very classy except for the fake tree in the corner lol I don't know if they know how strange it looks. All the servers have to go the extra effort to avoid crashing into it. Makes no sense. The beautiful wood paneling behind it is much more appealing than this dusty polyester tree.#ByeFeliciaTheFakeTree
1	Went to La Bocca on a tuesday night.  Wasn't too busy.  Was there with a group of 7 people.  Our server was very nice.  So the establishment is very nice but my food was bad...like real bad.  I ordered the Chicken Limone.  My chicken was extremely dry.  Like it was cooked three days ago and sat out dry. There was no way this was cooked that night.  I personally never send food back unless I get what I didn't order.  Because obviously they don't cook their chicken to order so I didn't want another dry cold piece of chicken that was cooked more than 24 hours ago.  The pasta was stuck together so it did not cook all that great.  This bothered me less.  Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy their food, which was disappointing to me.  Should have stuck to one of their salads or Bruchesta's.  The only redeeming thing was the pizza cookie.  Glad I ordered it, or i'd have to stop and get some FillyB's to fill me up from the meal I barely ate.  Honestly I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  There are much better places in the area.  I know it looks swanky and cool, but I just don't see my self ever going back.
3	The pizza deserved a definite five stars, but we had to eat it out of the box as we walked to the ASU game. It literally took over an hour to get our pizza after we ordered them.  We saw lots of other tables order after us and get the pizzas before us. The only explanation could be that the server forgot to put our order in.  It happens. The manager was very cool and apologetic and gave us a fair discount. We'll definitely give them another time when they're not so busy.
3	I would give them a higher rating if I didn't have to wait a year and a half for my food. Maybe it was a slow Sunday when I went.. BUT the fresh appetizers, amazing pizza , and ridiculously tasty calzone made it all worth it in the end really. Food gets five stars. Service stays at 3.
4	Best sangria ever.  Ever.....cool atmosphere and decent food.  Go for the sangria for sure-
4	Great place for bruschetta, wood fired pizza, salads, and sandwiches. I've been coming here for four years and it always tastes amazing. The four plank bruschetta musts are mozzarella, pesto, prosciutto, and the one with honey and ricotta. I've tried many items on the menu and never disappointed. Service can be hit or miss but great spot on Mill to sit outside and get yummy food.
4	I love the goat cheese&pear salad! I've been in 3 times in one week because of how delicious it is! I suggest you add chicken and ask for the sangria soaked pears! It's amazing! The service everytime I'm here is ok, I wait at least 7 minutes every time I come in, even when it is not very busy.. One time I sat at the bar and spoke with bartender Bella, who was amazing! If anything I'd come in and sit at the bar just to chat with her and enjoy a meal at the bar. I do love the atmosphere and the location.
5	My go-to restaurant. Amazing bruschetta, great selection and price of wines, and hospitable staff. The atmosphere is wonderful as well. Nothing bad to say about this place!
1	Really displeased with the service we received. Made reservations with co-workers for 7:30, and were seated by 7:35. However, from the time the waiter took our drink orders to the time we received the drinks was about 30 minutes. The restaurant was about 25% full.Once we were able to order, everyone ordered an appetizer salad and an entree. One of us asked for anchovies on the Cesar salad. 4 of the 5 salads arrived around 8:45.. no anchovies. My salad never came out, and our waiter was nowhere to be found. Once the food arrived, the anchovies were found on my co-workers pizza instead of the salad. I finally found the waiter, and I asked what happened to my salad and he sent over a manager. She told me she'd "go ahead and take the salad off your bill"... which I was like, "thank you for not making me pay for a salad I never received". Are you serious?!!?? Then she gave me a "free" piece of cake. I don't understand - I wanted a salad?The rest of the food was ok, nothing spectacular. I had a pepperoni calzone. The decor of the place is very cool, and they have some great music. But if you want to have dinner in less than 2 hours and receive great service: I'd go elsewhere.
5	Everything we ordered (Bruschetta plank, Brussel sprout pizza and Prosciutto Alfredo pasta) was delicious. Portion sizes were perfect. Atmosphere is nice (dim lights; great for a date night) with exceptional service from wait staff who appear to enjoy their jobs. No wonder this place was packed on a Monday evening!Just found out today they are opening a location in Downtown Chandler. Hellllzzz yeah we'll be back!
4	Loved the med plate, the homemade flat bread and toast went really well with the baba ghanoush, feta cheese, olives and basil hummus. I thought the hummus was good, the baba ghanoush was awesome. Not a big olive fan but they were excellent. I had nova trio pizza which is thin crust with the really thick crust. Wife got a turkey and brie sandwich that I thought was big and tasty, but not as good as the pizza. Desert sounded delicious but we were stuffed. Great service and kept my cucumber water (free) full
5	Best pizza ever!!! Though best part of our visit was Chris. He was amazing!!!! Customer service is obviously important to him. If you visit here ask for Chris. You won't be disappointed. He knows the menu and trust his recommendations.
5	One of my friends recommended La Bocca to me. The walls of the restaurant were maroon red. They were decorated with large greyscale abstract paintings and a mosaic of black thick framed photographs from various cultures. Next to the wine bar, there was a screen with the movie Paris, Je T'AiMe playing. There was also Spanish music playing in the background. Shortly after we were seated, our server brought us water garnished with a cucumber slice. We couldn't resist from ordering the award winning sangria (the "blanc"). It's interesting that you have a choice of ordering blanc, rojo, or mixed sangria. The Sangria was made from wine, spirits, spices, and fresh fruit. The Blanc sangria was  quite refreshing. It was garnished with pineapple chunks and chopped orange slices. The Rojo sangria tasted like sour cherry. It was garnished with chipped orange slices. For non-alcoholic beverages, I'd recommend the Desert Bloom Iced Tea. It's a local tea that the restaurant brews daily. It's naturally sweet green rooibos tea with floral-earthy tones from notes of cactus essence, cactus petals, and cornflower petals. The tea has a peach and mango flavor.We were happy with everything we ordered tonight. Every dish was the perfect portion and quite flavorful. Everyone in our party was able get a taste of everything ordered without getting too full.For appetizers, I'd recommend the Heirloom Beets salad which consisted of diced golden and red beets, served over a slice of green, yellow, and red heirloom tomatoes. It was topped with a bed of arugula and candied walnuts and drizzled with balsamic shallot vinaigrette. Since some of our guests weren't fans of goat cheese, we requested for it to be served on the side.For pastas, I'd recommend Chicken Limone which consisted of freshly kneed taglietti pasta in a lemon garlic caper sauce. It was topped with roasted chicken, lemon zest, and freshly grated parsley (and possibly other fresh herbs). It was with two slices of tomato based garlic bread and a side salad of your choice. I chose a side Caesar salad which was tossed in a tart Caesar dressing and garnished with sliced grape tomatoes.For pizzas, I'd recommend adding diced roasted chicken to the Margarita pizza which consisted of crushed San Marzano tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, olive oil, and basil.
