4	I love Vietnamese food.  On the Asian-cuisine spectrum, it's pretty close to my favorite.  I was a long-time fan of Pho Bang, which occupied the same spot as Pho Thanh for as long as I lived in Phoenix.  Pho Bang had definitely seen some better days by the end of its run in early 2009: the place smelled like stale cigarettes, the restroom was perpetually out-of-order, and the staff ambled around in a sort of dissociative fugue.  Regardless of all that, I never stopped liking their food.  I was saddened when they closed, and hadn't a chance to try out their replacement until tonight.Pho Thanh finally put its sign up; I think that's what drew me in.  I barely recognized the place.  The former Pho Bang had received a complete makeover - gone is the stale cigarette smell; new flooring and bright lighting now greet you upon entering.  A wall-mounted wide-screen TV has replaced the old 27-inch Magnavox surrounded by pirated videocassettes that was a fixture at Pho Bang.  In one word, Pho Thanh is clean.  For a Monday night at 8:00, the place was pretty full.  To pass the time, I picked up a copy of Phuong Hoang - the Arizona Vietnamese Magazine - and sat down to explore what it would be like to be illiterate.As this was my inaugural Pho Thanh run, I decided to size the place up by its bun thit nuong - rice vermicelli noodles with grilled pork.  I've found that it's easier to judge a Vietnamese restaurant by its bun than by its pho, as the component ingredients can be evaluated individually.  I was happy to see that the cleanliness had not come with a higher price tag; the bun dishes all fall in the $5.00 price range.  My server seemed genuinely happy to be working, and his alacrity was a welcome change from the service I had been accustomed to at Pho Bang, as was his promptness in bussing tables as guests left.  I had my fingers crossed, hoping that the food would not let me down.  It didn't.  My serving of bun thit nuong was enormous - bigger than my head.  I tend to like my thit nuong (grilled pork) thinly sliced, as Pho Bang used to do, but Pho Thanh prepares it as Da Vang does - on the thick side.  That's my only "complaint," and it's still delicious.  I found the nuoc mam (Vietnamese fish sauce) particularly tasty at Pho Thanh.  Better than Da Vang's and Maxim's in my opinion.  They also add pickled daikon radishes to the dish, which takes the deliciousness up a notch.Pho Thanh serves no alcohol, which is actually all right with me, since I never really crave a beer with my nuoc mam anyway.  At any rate, I wish I had tried this place earlier.  It turns out I don't miss Pho Bang as much as I thought I did.  I look forward to exploring Pho Thanh's menu in earnest, now that I've given them a shot.
4	Dee-lishis!!  Very good pho and very cheap.  Although cheap it is still good quality food.  Some things could be better portioned such as the egg rolls, but sooo tasty.  Establishment is fairly clean and service is....well i get food brought to me...thats about it.  But all in all...not too shabby! :)
4	It was a Monday and all of the regular chinese haunts were closed. I decided that I would give the old Pho Bang one last try. Much to my delight I realized a change in the name. My hopes began to rise. To begin the prices were VERY reasonable (about five dollars a plate, six if you want the everything plate). The patrons were primarily (but not exclusively) Vietnamese families. My wife enjoyed her tofu and vegetable stir fry. I had a delicious pork plate. We encountered a language barrier with the server that was quickly overcome by pointing to our choice on the menu. The staff was very friendly. I will be going back.
4	It is difficult to find quality Vietnamese food in Phoenix, which is unfortunate.  This place is quite a gem.  Quality ingredients and amazing prices.  Less than $17 for dinner for two and we left nice and full! The staff were friendly and although we arrived close to closing time (we had no idea that 8:30 was their closing time) they were polite and courteous.
4	I definitely need to eat Vietnamese food more often.  I just got back from Pho Thanh and I am in  Pho afterglow.  My date and I ordered two bowls of Pho,  a shrimp dish, a Thai tea, and a real coconut to drink from, all for the bargain price of (get this) seventeen dollars.  Not kidding!!!  The prices are so inexpensive.  The food is comfort food like no other.  Damn it was good.The location is not the greatest but I will risk it.
4	This has become one of my Favorite places to eat in Phoenix due to the great food and inexpensive prices. I have only tried Bun-Vermicelli #39 (BUN BO XAO --- w/stir fried beef, sprouts, lemongrass, peanuts and fish sauce) , #42 (BUN CHA GIO THIT NUONG --- w/eggrolls, grilled pork, vegetables, peanuts and fish sauce) and The Com Tam-Broken Rice #68 (COM TAM TAU HU KY DAC BIET --- Broken rice w/ shrimp cake wrapped in bean curd skin, bbq pork, shredded pork, egg, crab-egg cake).... all were very good with the #42 being my Favorite so far. The place is a bit risk-K looking from the outside but the inside is nice and clean, well lite with lots of Asian charm with a hint of a mom and pop dinner feel. I have also tasted the soup but not sure which one it was but it was D-lish for sure and they serve it in a huge bowl. Most every time I go there are several Vietnamese families dining there and they seem to favor the Soup. I would recommend to put this on a must try list and check out this great hidden treasure. I moved to this area in March of 2009 and am still learning where the good places to eat are for someone on a budget. This place will cost about the same as fast food but a much better place for food and nutrition. Give it a try and let me know what you think.
5	Coming from the Pacific NW with an abundance of Vietnamese food, I was disappointed that a city the size of Phx doesn't have a very good vietnamese line-up.  Pho Thanh (which I think was formerly Pho Bang and now has new owners) was a pleasant surprise.My review isn't as verbose as some of the other experts here.  However, I will go as far as to say that  we have found our little piece of Saigon in the desert.  The Vietnamese Spring Rolls are fantastic and only $2.25 for two large fresh shrimp and pork!  Usually pho variations shouldn't be much different from restaurant to restaurant (cause if you mess up pho, you won't stay in business).  Pho Thanh's Pho definitely stands out above any others I've tried.  After our first visit, we only lasted 72 hours before having to return.  The wait staff is very very friendly and helpful to people new to Vietnamese food.  Oh yah, an entry is around $5 and you will definitely have left-overs.  And, unlike some other Asian cuisine, Vietnamese is very very good for you.  There isn't an item on the menu that is even fried.  All fresh ingredients.
3	Vietnamese food had never even crossed my mind before, so after someone mentioned Pho Thanh I was interested in trying it. I've been there six times as of now. The first time I went to the Pho I didn't have time to eat my meal there so I got take out. I got the number 133, which is a charbroiled slab of beef with steamed rice and veggies (posted a pic of this). Although for me it was more like charbroiled fat and bone; it hardly had any beef at all. My friend ordered the same thing, but he actually got a slab of beef. Maybe I was just unlucky and got the bad part of the "beef". On my second trip I got the number 42, which is vermicelli (cold noodles) that come with a pork shrimp sliced egg roll, sliced grilled pork patty, and veggies all in the same big bowl. The pork patty was very good; juicy and tender, the egg roll was good too, and the vermicelli was kind of bland by itself until I mixed it with the veggies which where hidden underneath it, and added a little salt. On my third time there I got the number 12 beef noodle soup / pho tai. To me, the broth was just OK but nothing special. Thinking that the broth was just a fluke that day, I got the shrimp pho at a later visit and again I wasn't too crazy for the broth. But I've been to the nearby Da Vang and I loved the pho there. I've ordered it twice and both times it has been great...a little on the salty side, but still better than Pho Thanh's for my personal taste. I've also ordered the number 123, which is beef and a salad, with either rice or bread. I chose mine with rice; it goes great with the beef. The salad was OK. The beef was very juicy and tender. I put some beef in the rice a little at a time. They bring out the beef cut in small cube bite size pieces on a metal plate still sizzling loud enough to get the attention of the other diners. Also, I've ordered pork shrimp egg rolls as an appetizer, and a banh mi sandwich for take out my four times there. The egg rolls are great; they also come with a plate of veggies and fish sauce to dip the rolls in. I've tried all four sandwiches and my favorite is the number 75 grilled pork sandwich; the patty in this sandwich and the patty that comes with the number 42 are just so juicy and tender! (posted pics of the egg rolls and a sandwich, tho it's the cold cut sandwich) Inspired by Da Vang's delicious beef stew / bo kho, I decided to try the beef stew with rice noodles here at Pho Thanh. It was a disappointment. The portion is only half of what Da Vang gives you, and the pieces of beef are not tender and are studded with chunks of fat, and there weren't many noddles to speak of, the opposite of Da Vang's. I ended up leaving all the pieces of beef because they had so much fat on them it was impossible to eat around it. It wasn't very filling In the end it wasn't a very good meal. If you want a generous amount of good beef stew I recommend trying it at Da Vang. Da Vang may have the better beef stew, but Pho Thanh has the better bahn xeo crepe. At Da Vang it's really greasy, rock hard, burnt, and very little filling. Here at Pho Thanh it's perfect; not much grease, pliable, and a generous amount of bean sprout, shrimp, and pork filling. Having been to both Pho Thanh and Da Vang, I personally prefer Da Vang. Like most Vietnamese places, the prices are great; about less than $10 for a meal, and you will get more than enough food. (Unless you order the beef stew at Pho Thanh lol)
4	Vietnamese tested and approved. This place gets two yellow thumbs up.I was happy that Pho Bang is finally gone because that place was what Vietnamese food tastes like on its way out. Anyway- so Pho Thanh...Just got back from it and before I slip into a food coma, I thought I should review it first. Busy busy busy. That's pretty typical for a Sunday crowd. I came here with my real life friends and fellow Yelpers, Cori S. and Tim J., and Tim was pretty convinced that this place was gonna rock his world even before ordering because he didn't see any other white people. It must be good if actual Vietnamese people eat here.And it was! Despite the fact that it was busy and service was slow, it was understandable. I never go to any Vietnamese place and expect exceptional service. So long as I have this kind of expectation, I'll never be disappointed, right?Looking at their menu, they seem to have all the typical dishes offered at a Vietnamese place. I didn't see anything that jumped off the page so in a true test of authenticity- I ordered the mainland dish- a Pho Bo Dac Biet. Its usually #1 on most Vietnamese menus but its #11 here. It basically the beef noodle soup with the works, sliced beef, beef brisket, meatballs and tripe. I waited for my food, sipped on my Vietnamese iced coffee and although it took a while to get to me, it was worth it. The broth was just right and not greasy/fatty like Da Vang's. The beef was fresh and the basil, sprouts and limes were clean. Even though it took nearly 30 minutes for the food to make its way to me, I finished it in record time. My nose was running and I was sweating from the hot broth and the mass amount of siracha I added to the broth.I will definitely be back to try out the other dishes. I had my eye on the Bun Bo Hue and Bo Kho, which are various beef soups/stews. I'll update you on those experiences later.
4	My buddy Rodney took me here a few weeks back and I'm just now getting to review it..  I'd had Pho a few times about 10 years ago back in Boston and despite the fact that I'm a HUGE fan of most Asian cuisine -- Vietnamese didn't "Pho-lly" do it for me.  Bad pun...good bun!  ;)Pho Thanh is a delightful little hidden gem of a place, nestled into the end of a skanky strip mall.  There's an amazing Asian grocery on the other side of the plaza which you MUST check out (and walk off your meal).  I tried  a few things with Rodney that day, including #68 Com Tam Tau Hu Dac Biet (broken rice with shrimp cake wrapped in bean curd skin, bbq pork, shredded pork, crab-egg cake and all topped off with a delightful fried egg on top.  It was a lot of food!  I also tried the pho beef noodle soup (#14 pho tai bo vien) with sliced beef & meatballs.  Addictive!!I went back 2 weeks later with my buddy Steve and got more #14 soup....I'm now officially in love with that soup!  It's a HUGE bowl of broth & vermicelli noodles and comes with a side platter piled high with fresh herbs, citrus and some very piqued pepper slices (beware)!Contrary to the rest of the plaza, the place is clean, the decor sparsly amusing/sad remnants of the proprietors previous life in Viet Nam, I supppose.  There is a killer poster I'd love to have that looks like it was produced by the either ministry of tourism or ministry of production that shows a woman with 3 brightly colored balls of yarn  (would someone please take a pic of this and post it to Yelp!?!?)The staff is super nice and comped me a swig of a most amazing fresh pennywort drink.  It glows vibrantly green as it sloshes & swirls within a juice dispenser at the counter.  Tasted fresh (like wheatgrass juice) and left an aromatic effervescence on my tongue for a few moments after swilling it down.Prices are super reasonable (most items between $4.95-6.95) and  I haven't left hungry yet!  Props to Rodney for pushing my gastronomic envelope and getting me hooked on a new local fave!
5	I was in Vietnam last May, and spent every summer in Westminster CA growing up, so to qualify my 5 stars, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  I say to what's available of what I've seen in PHX area.  With that said, I've had the Bun Bo Hue, Pho Tai, Com Tam Dac Biet, Bun bi cha gio, and agree with what everyone said about cleanliness, freshness of condiments, integrity of broth ( lack of oiliness ), and general flavor.  The only thing that didn't rock my world was the bahn mi sandwiches- can't vouch for the assorted outsourced items in the chilled section either.  Besides that, If you want Viet food this is your place for the PHX metro area.
4	I've been passing by this place for a month or so and I've been meaning to try it out. I'm always down for some good Vietnamese food (pho and broken rice plates) and last night this place definitely hit the spot. Since I ordered it to go, I didn't want to have to deal with the hassle of ordering pho (traditional rice noodle soup with pretty much whatever meat you want), so I opted for the pork with broken rice and an order of egg rolls. First of all, the reason why I love Vietnamese food is because it's always SOOOOO cheap. My whole order was a little order $7 and I was beyond full by the end of my meal. The plate was really good. The meat was cooked perfectly and the broken rice had the perfect consistency. I really enjoyed the fact that they included hot sauce and dipping sauce in every container (I use a lot of hot sauce and usually end up having to ask for extra before I leave). The plate was accompanied by an array of vegetables that you can dip in the sauce. The egg rolls were good. They were a little on the greasy side, but still edible and quite delicious. My order came out in less than 7 minutes and I was very satisfied by the end of my meal. I really want to come back and try the pho, which is the REAL testament to a good Vietnamese restaurant.
5	Ok, so I finally went today to try the pho and all I can say is....PHOenominal!! Very very good and definitely one of my favorite places in Phoenix now.
5	Considering the fact we eat here 3-4 times a week my previous 4-star rating seems ridiculous.  This is really a great place to eat.
4	I've been a Da Vang devotee for years and wanted to try a new Vietnamese place tonight and Pho Thanh didn't fall short. In fact, I think I might like this place a little better than Da Vang, but I'll rotate between the two since they're both so good.First off, the portions are gigantic! The Bun bowl could easily serve two and I had tons of leftovers for lunch tomorrow. They use the fat rice noodles instead of the vermicelli, but I think it made the dish a little heartier and certainly easier to eat with chopsticks.Hubby had the Pho and the broth was amazing! Savory, a little salty, and the spices were perfect. Perfect to warm your bones on a rainy day.The restaurant was more of a cafe style than family sit down, but exceptionally clean and the service was great. There was quite a diverse crowd in there for a Sunday night and everyone's dishes looked fantastic.
4	My picky palate is not very adventurous.  That's why this year I resolved to eat more adventurously.  I've done a pretty good job so far, and now I have finally tried Pho/Vietnamese!  I'm really proud of myself!  We were originally going to Maxim, but they were closed so we found another place to try Pho.  It was really cold out, and a bowl of piping hot soup just sounded delightful.We walked in and almost every table was full of Vietnamese couples and families.  There were a few other white people in there, but I took that as a good sign.  They wouldn't eat here if it wasn't good, right?  We found the last empty table and quickly seated ourselves.  Someone walked by and dropped menus off on our table like a ninja and we began reading through the foreign novel.  There were so many things on there, and at least half of them scared the crap out of me!  I stuck with my original intentions and got the Pho with the beef slices along with an order of egg rolls.  My egg rolls came out before the Pho and they were quite delicious.  I have no idea what was in them, but they were full of flavor and meaty goodness.  I gobbled them up pretty quickly.  Then came the Pho.  We got a couple GIANT bowls of steaming soup and a plate of garnish.  Now, keep in mind we had no idea how to really eat this, or what to do with all the stuff.  I just watched everyone else in the restaurant and figured it out that it's all personal preference.  I threw in a handful of bean sprouts, squeezed in some lemon, and squeezed in a spoonful or so of sriracha sauce.  My additions resulted in one delicious bowl of heart warming soup.  I scarfed most of the solid food down and sipped most of what was left of the broth.Now I understand why everyone talks about Pho!  I love the level of customization and it really is the perfect remedy for whatever may ail you.  I can't wait to get some more!
4	I finally tried Pho.  It has taken ages but a nice cold rainy sunday afternoon was enough to convince me that it was time to try this soup-like concoction.  I sure am glad that I did!  This stuff was great.  I ordered one that had meatballs in it.  The meatballs were a bit more like sausages but they were still tasty.  I'm probably not the person you want to listen to when it comes to Pho reviews since this was my first try but I really enjoyed it.  For anyone who has thought about it but never gone - this seems like as good a place as any to start.My only problem was with the service.  They were very disorganized and slow.  It was busy...but I'd still like to see a bit more hustle from the waiters.
5	I am addicted to the #12.  I'd like to try more stuff, but am not familiar enough to know what to order.  But the #12 or #14 are so awesome.  I go at least twice a week...It is what is is;  Vietnamese, clean, and delicious.  You don't have to have formal service and white tableclothes to serve awesome food.
3	So tonight I met up with some of my favorite Yelpers, Dallas G., AMber W., and Clifford W. Amber and Clifford are not related. So after having a couple of bites and a drink, Clifford and I were chatting with Mr. Chu about Asian cuisine. This is making me sound like a douche and food douche right now, so be it. Clifford is Chinese, but partakes in all Asian foods. They are going on and on about Korean, Thai, Chinese, and Vietnamese establishments around the valley. Which ones are good and which ones are crap. The white boy asks where Panda Express ranks, and the jukebox stops and I am almost kicked out. Anyway, Johnny suggests Pho Thanh over on 17th Ave and Camelback. So Clifford and I decide the night is young and we're still hungry. The restaurant is in a strip mall on the North side of Camelback. I'm gonna be honest here, the "shopping center" is a bit ghetto and the restaurant a bit hole in the wall-e, but whatevs. We sit down and we were told to order the Mi Bo Kho, essentially Beef Stew for us whites. I got the 73, but Clifford being a little more adventurous goes for the 72, pretty much the same thing, but with tripe and beef tendon. I'm all for trying new things, but I'm glad I didn't. I would have gagged the second either of those things hit my lips. Consistency issues with food is my go to category on Jeopardy. The food arrives and the portion is really big and smells delicious. Tender chunks of beef, carrots, rice noodles, and a plate of veggies to add. Throw in some bean sprouts, basil, and lime. Awesome! The broth was really good and the meat just fell apart. We ate everything in our bowls and were stuffed. All totaled up was $11!!! Can't beat that. Again, I am not a connoisseur of Vietnamese food, but this was damn tasty and filling. Brave the ghettoness and give them a shot. Oh, don't expect much conversation from the employees. Witty banter wasn't listed on the menu.
4	What a great bowl of Pho! I had #121, Beef broth Pho with tofu and veggies. The broth was perfect, complete with large pieces of bok choy and broccoli. I would have preferred crispy tofu to the steamed tofu, but it's a small "complaint," because the Pho was still fantastic. And it was only $4.95?! NICE.
4	I had a craving for Vietnamese food and I let Yelp lead me here!! This place was packed with several large Vietnamese families I can see why. Wow! The menu was unlike many other Vietnamese place I have been to, huge selection. I started off with the pork and shrimp spring rolls. Ahh man!! While I usually make this just my meal I decided to order a main dish item, knowing the extra would go for a meal the next day. I ordered the house special broken rice dish (#59) I believe. I was amazed at the amount of food when this came out. A fried egg, chopped shrimp wrapped in bean curd, seasoned beef meatball wrapped in a grape leaf, BBQ pork, a slice of a meat loaf, fresh sliced tomatoes, cucumbers and daikon radish, a bowl of broth and a sweet vinegar sauce. All this was individually placed over the broken rice (except broth and vinegar sauce). Being full from the spring rolls, I managed to eat the fried egg and the beef in the grape leaves. WOW. Soo tasty!! And so much left over!! Before tip this was under $10!!!
5	Is it?  Can it be?  A Vietnamese spot I like better than Da Vang?Yes...Since my Vietnamese food loving friend introduced me to Pho Thanh a few weeks ago (thank you!!), I have already enjoyed multiple visits.  It is that good.  They are open early, too (8:30am!) so it is a good choice for a post-hike late breakfast/early lunch.A typical visit starts off with the #1 spring rolls.  They are huge - rice paper stuffed with shrimp, pork, lettuce, mint and sprouts and (yay!) served with peanut sauce.  Sometimes a Bahn Mi (sandwich) gets thrown into the mix - fresh soft bread and ample portions of warm pork.  On to the Main Event... Pho.  Their take-out menu states on the front "The Best Beef Noodle Soup In Town" - believe it.  They are not kidding.  I am a creature of habit, and always have the #113 - beef noodle soup with filet mignon tenderloin beef.  I like to have the raw beef served on the side, so I can "cook" it myself in the hot broth.  I am tempted to ask for extra beef the next time I am there.I don't know how long I can last until I need to go back.
4	A good place to go when you want a change of taste from Maxim.  Pho Thanh's serving size and taste was excellent.  The staff was friendly and prompt.  We had the noodle soup and spring rolls and both were excellent.  Only negative was my vietnamese drip coffee took forever to drip but such is the woe of life.
5	Prices are great and the food is delicious. One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. Try the broken rice. A great little Vietnamese spot in a truly Vietnamese plaza a few steps away from an Asian grocery store. For under $7 you can enjoy a generously portioned meal and leave happy. I always get the 3 out of 5 visits i stick with the #64 Pork Chop.
5	Went back for more! I can't say that I've changed my order much (still the Tofu Pho). Also got an order of spring rolls on the side, and yes, I did eat everything. So delicious! The owner yelp-mailed me and said that they do offer crispy tofu in their Pho. I tried it this evening and was thankful that I did. Loved it. Pho Thanh has become my go-to place for a quick, delicious and wallet-friendly meal!
5	OMG!  This is hands down the best pho in Phoenix.  Better than Maxim, better than Da Vang by far!  The portions are huge (take note staff of Central King Eggroll in Avondale, send someone down here so you can see how it SHOULD be done!!)The large Pho with filet mignon is melt in your mouth.  The broth is heavenly and they give you TONS of basil, cilantro and lime.I had to pinch myself when I first ate here, I swore I was eating in the Westminster/Garden Grove, CA area.  This place is a MUST for all pho-addicts!
4	Yes, I'm indeed a fan-best pho so far in Phoenix.  Yes, it's over 100 outside, but pho has a special place in my heart/stomach (and it seemed very popular with the other diners as well).I went this afternoon with three of my buddies and was lucky enough to sample a number of dishes.  First, I should say this place was VERY busy even at 11:30 on a Sunday.  The spring rolls and egg rolls were great, as was my pho tai and my buddy's lemongrass chicken.Service was a little slow but really-this place was PACKED.  Mostly with Asian people, a good sign.I never dined at Pho Bang, but I will certainly return to this restaurant as it's hands down the best Vietnamese spot I've tried in the Valley.
2	Tried the Pho chicken. Broth lacked flavor!!  But it was the standard beef broth not a separate broth. Wouldn't call this the best Pho I've tried, it was acceptable not great. The veggies were delivered long after the broth, so cooking of veggies was slow. Hot peppers were not hot.  Was expecting much better fuller flavored broth. Veggie spring rolls were good.
5	Pho-king phenomenal!I have to say it... This place hosts the best pho I've ever eaten. I got the Pho Dac Biet and tasted the Pho Ga. Both were amazing (my favorite being the Dac Biet). The chef was not shy about how much of "the fixins" to add! The broth was stewed to near perfection and every bite spread happiness throughout my tum tum. I also got to try the spring rolls. They were spot on and were super fresh! I could not have asked for a better Saturday lunch that day, and all for about $15 including the other soup that I paid for.I highly, HIGHLY recommend eating here if you're a pho enthusiast! It is absolutely my favorite pho spot in Phoenix now and I plan on being a regular.
2	Not too impressed with the food they didn't even have AC in there. Like how are you not going to have AC living in Az and eating Pho.
4	Located in a sketchy neighborhood this quaint hole in the wall certainly doesn't disappoint and you can't beat the price!!
5	Don't let the ghetto shopping center steer you away...it's a great place.  Definitely a no frills type place...this is the real deal.  It was very evident by most of the patrons actually being Vietnamese, you know it must be good.You just walk in and sit anywhere that's open and someone will bring you their menu which is quite extensive.  I had my favorite, which is Pho Tai.  The broth was perfect, and had a pretty complex flavor profile.  Hard to explain, but some pho broth's are very 1-dimensional...this one was exceptionally flavorful.  They don't skimp on the meat either, which some places tend to do.  I've been to Vietnamese restaurants all over the valley, and although I have still never been to Da Vang...I'd venture to say this might be the best pho in Phoenix.  Tastes darn close to the stuff you get in CA, in Garden Grove/Westminster/Little Saigon.Also, it is dirt cheap! $4.50 for a big delicious bowl of pho tai....yum.  I'll be back soon for sure.
4	I have never been a true Pho fan until I went to Pho Thanh, the broth is very complex like Blake B said; the fixings were huge like Nader A stated.  First time I went I went with a friend who is "Pho-crazy" and he introduced me to Pho Thanh; then I took my roommate who is "soup-crazy" and he fell in love with Pho Thanh.  Next time I have to take one of my best friends; but he's a pescetarian; but he loves spice asian food.
5	What a great little spot to have an awesome bowl of pho. Don't let the parking lot scare you away, this is a great spot to have some awesome food. I ordered the #1 Spring rolls with pork and shrimp along with the number 113 Special Beef Pho with Filet Mignon, tripe, tendon and I think liver. The broth was perfect perfect perfect. All of the meat seemed very fresh, and they gave me the perfect amount of noodles. All total, I dropped $11 with a small tip. I'm super glad to have another Pho spot in the area to get my pho on!
5	So I ventured back to Pho Thanh today with the mindset of trying something other than Pho. I went with the #59 Special Broken Rice with BBQ pork. Holey mother of all that is holey, what a killer dish. I'm pretty sure some Vietnamese dude was hammered one night and was like (in cool Vietnamenglish) "What do I have in the refrigerator? I got some rice. I got some BBQ pork. I got some shredded pork. I got some meatballs wrapped in grape leaves. I got some scallions. and Ive got an egg." and in true drunk munchy fashion, concocted one of my favorite dishes. The dish was perfect in every way imaginable. I did add a touch of soy for salt and some of the red pepper paste they gave me, but other than that it was poifect. My takeout lunch cost me $7.50, but I should say that it ended up costing me $over $500 because that's probably how much I'll spend this year going back all the time. Two thumbs up and a big ole Pho slurp to the dope Vietnamese drunk guy that, more than likely, invented that dish!!!
3	So the location is a tad ghetto...yes, but don't let that stop you! This place has some REALLY good pho, and if that's what you are looking for then you'll leave happy. Broth is flavorful and aromatic, just as it should be. Noodles are never over cooked, beef  is tender. You will definitely get enough fixings to spice it up- generous portions for sure!Downside, and hence the three stars: First, as great as their Pho is,  everything else....sadly, not so great. Lackluster to say the least. And secondly, the broth in the Pho is consistently a bit too greasy for my liking...as a certified pho addict, I've had my fair share. So believe me when I say- they need to get that grease under control! I usually mop it up with a paper towel before diving in, and that seems to do the trick.
4	After reading many reviews on this place I decided to take the trek down into Phoenix to see what all the hoopla was about. This place has the best Pho that I have had in Arizona and it is by far the cheapest. Way to go fellow Yelpers! I am definitely a new fan. No, the setting is not the greatest but the food makes up for it. I will defnitely return again, again and again.
3	First of all, the spring rolls are huge. Four shrimp across. Their peanut sauce is delicious. I enjoyed these, but unfortunately I didn't order them vegetarian, and the meat detracted from them.I ordered the Vermicelli bowl with pork and egg roll, and it was a very large portion. The egg rolls were good, but the pork was fatty and pretty unappetizing.Their Thai tea was too strong. It was too sweet and too dark at the same time. I will have to water it down next time.The ambiance is pleasant. It took a while to understand if I'm supposed to order, wait to be seated, how to pay, etc.; and the staff was too preoccupied to help a newbie white boy wandering out of his element, but I eventually was served and once seated, the food came quickly.It's a shame that it's located so close to two other Vietnamese restaurants. I live 30 minutes away from any of them, and Pho Thanh, Maxim or DaVang would all be regular hangouts for me if one was by my house. Luckily I work close to the three, so I'll settle with a lunch at each at least once a month. They all have something better than the other, and I am anxious to try the pho here.*update* I've been back numerous times, and the food is good, and the value is great. I think the cleanliness is a huge positive. I've upgraded from 2 to 3 stars. It's still not my favorite, and I'd prefer that they had more chicken or tofu dishes, but it deserves 3 of 5.
4	Okay, if you are still not convinced to try this place you should know that I have eaten here twice in the last week and I sit here now contemplating whether or not to make it a third.  The service is fast and efficient. The food is delicious and the price for the value cannot be beat. I am in love with the Pho at this place.
4	I order the same thing at every Vietnamese restaurant. Rice Vermicelli Bun with Grilled Pork and Egg Roll, and spring rolls. This order does not change. Ever.They do the pork here more like a pork patty, or meatloaf if you will. In Vietnamese cuisine, there are two different ways to do it, the other being grilled slices of pork. I don't know which I prefer as they are very very different.You get a large amount of noodles, very fresh vegetables, and a generous portion of meat. The sauce is tasty, and everything seems very high quality. Spring rolls are good, as is the peanut sauce they serve them with. The service could be worse, but not much. It's pretty horrendous. Atmosphere is typical of a Vietnamese restaurant, total dive.
5	Completely awesome!   Food was amazing...sugarcane juice and coconut made it perfect!  And...you can beat the price. Definitely a great place.
2	VERY well regarded here on Yelp and filled with Vietnamese. I was the only non-Vietnamese of maybe 25 or 30 customers this visit. Another "Bargain Priced" bowl at $4.50 and was just too oily or greasy for me. Nice flavor, but the oiliness was fairly overwhelming and just did NOT enjoy as much as others, less oily.  Nice Spring Rolls but, although giving it two stars, would NOT repeat as the texture of the Pho threw me and kept me from enjoying it. Obviously "locals" were loving it as everyone had a big steaming bowl in front of them in 110 degree heat outside. Maybe the $4.50 low price tage is the attraction. Doesn't compare to my two favorites: Dragonfly and Pho Ao Sen, both in Mesa
3	My husband is the obsessive Pho fan so I am constantly subjected to the pleas of Vietnamese take-out. We came here the other day for lunch and there were things I liked and didn't. We ordered the fried spring rolls ($2.50, I think) that were pretty damn good. For lunch I ordered the BBQ pork bahn-mi (sp?) that was $2.25. The bread was just the way I like it, soft on the inside, flaky on the outside. It was stuffed with BBQ pork, cucumber, cilantro, carrots and some other veggies. I snagged some of the leftover sprouts from my husband's Pho and put it in my sandwich. Very good. My beefs? Half of the meat in my sandwich was all fat. I am one of those people that virtually loses my appetite if I chew on something that has fat hanging off the side. My husband, who loves the fat, was shocked at how much of the "meat" in my sandwich I was giving him. I had plenty to eat of what was fast becoming a veggie sandwich but still, that was pretty annoying. The last thing I want to do is be picking my food apart in a restaurant. My second beef was that not once did they come back to refill our water. That was a problem since our food was a little spicy. That isn't to say I wouldn't go back. Our bill was $10 for lunch....seriously Pho Thahn? That is damn reasonable and the food is decent enough for me to go back....for take-out.
1	This was my first experience having Vietnamese food in Phoenix.  Maybe my expectations were a little to high. The place is small, run down and dirty. The floors looked like they hadn't been cleaned in months. The service was okay, but the disappointment came with the food. I don't think I can go back. I thought it was way to greasy... I won't be going back Needless, who cares about the price.
5	This place is awesome....best Pho I have found in the Valley. Very affordable....treated 3 of my friends to lunch here recently...we ordered appetizers(try the Fake Pork rolls) main courses, and drinks...and the grand total for 4 people was only $34!! This place is hidden gem.
3	I eat a lot of Pho!  Generally I do order Pho at Pho restaurants and sometimes I get adventurous.  My mistake - I should stick to what I'm good at...eating Pho.  I would recommend the same to you too.  Tried to order something different and I wasn't too wow'd about it.  However, the Pho is excellent - tasty and cheap!  They have whole coconut drinks here --- not my cup of tea but if you're a fan by all means.  The decor is nothing to rave about.  Cheap Vietnamese art, but I totally dig the cheesy Vietnamese music videos (my dad loves them haha!), but that's the way it's supposed to be!  The place is like little Saigon, my Vietnamese sistas and bros hanging out for a meal.  I'm surprised no one is smoking :)  - enjoy!
5	Why are you so far away? The best Pho I've had since moving out here from California. Cheap and good, just how I remember it. :) The food is usually out pretty fast and portions are generous, for 3 people the total came out to be around 30 something dollars, drinks, spring rolls and pho bowls all around. I'm sure that I'll be returning multiple times.You know you've hit a gold mine for a pho place when everyone working there has a thick Vietnamese accent and is located in some dingy Asian plaza.
4	With all the great reviews this place has been getting, I had to try it out.  This is a small place in a strip mall.  Again, not "D&G cool" but "local cool."  The place had a good amount of people, even at around 4 pm. Although I like pho, I prefer bun bo hue.  So, that is what I ordered.  It was okay.  The broth was a bit watery, lacking in depth of flavor.  But I did get a generous amount of meat, as well herbs an such, as accompaniments, which is always a plus.   My husband had the pho, however.  He ordered the extra large size for a few dollars more.  Although you get more noodles and broth with the extra large size, you do not get more meat.  So, he was a little disappointed.  But, the broth was very flavorful.  More flavorful than the bun bo hue broth.   And he also got a good amount of herbs and such to go with his pho.If you are in the neighborhood and have a hankering for pho, I would say this is the place to go.  But, as a Tempe resident, I would stick with Kai Hoan for pho or bun bo hue.
5	Springrolls, Filet Mignon Pho, coconut juice served in the coconut with a straw. Best Vietnamese hands down. Closed on TUESDAYS.
5	This is one of my favorite pho's in Phoenix. The egg rolls here are about the best around anywhere. The spring rolls are good also. I generally order the house pho and it is always great.
1	Really people?Maybe the meat dishes here are good. That's the only way I can understand why this place has such a large customer base.Initially, I was excited to see a Vegetarian section on their menu with about 6 items on it.  We got one dish with tofu & vegetables, and another dish with vermicelli and fake pork.  The tofu dish tasted like it was cooked in fish sauce, and aside from it not being truly "vegetarian," the tofu was awful and the wheat gluten meat is something you can buy in a can.  The other noodle dish was so bland that we had to add FOUR different sauces to it, just to give it some kind of flavor. I will give them props for being cheap...but we definitely will not be returning here. Oh, and their parking lot reeked of trash-juice-smell.
2	Pho Thanh carries your typical vietnamese fare.  Pho, bun, bo luc loc, etc.  The food is pretty good and pretty authentic.  My beef with this place is that it is FILTHY.  Mind you, I absolutely appreciate and hole-in the wall type restuarant.  Pho Thanh really doesn't fit that category.  Its just really dirty there.  The floors are dirty, the waiter had body odor and the tables were sticky.  It was gross.  I visited twice in a two week span, and it was same on both occasions.   Despite the good food, I just don't think I can go back.
4	I am pleasantly surprised with the updated touches in Pho Thanh.  I used to go here all the time when it was Pho Bang, and stopped because it got to be a little grimy.This place was packed!  It was a Tuesday for lunch at 12 pm.  There was no place to sit!  I got squashed in between a table with people all around me, but that's okay...I settled in quite nicely and my surrounding neighbors proved friendly.I didn't need a menu...I seldom do when I eat Pho.  I ordered my traditional fare: Pho Tai with Iced Condensed Coffee.  I looked around at the changes.  No more dust caked on the wall, new photos and pictures, and the addition of a new staff.  The place seemed better lit and had a better vibe than any other time when it was Pho Bang.My food arrived quickly.  The soup bowl was HUGE!  I asked for a fork (yes, I embrace my Caucasian side) to use in combination with the soup spoon.  I added in my Siracha sauce, Hoisen sauce, and the wet spiced red peppers.  Added in touches of lemon, jalapeno, bamboo shoots, and cilantro.  Give it a little stir, and POW.Upon the first taste I did notice that this was a little bit more oily in comparison to other beef broths from Pho that I have had in the past.  I was disappointed in the additions (or lack there of) of the green onion and white onion.Side note:  if you are a beef lover, ASK FOR MORE BEEF IN YOUR SOUP.  There was an okay amount provided, but I feel that there could have been more slices.  Aside from that, no complaints!  I couldn't finish my soup (like always) so it proves that the portion was definitely hearty.  The coffee was amazing, and always is, and still to this day is the strongest form of coffee around (aside from Turkish/Arabic black tar coffee).There was a mixed crowd of people in here, which I was glad to see.  I have been to many Vietnamese restaurants in the past, all alone, and was the only non-Vietnamese person in the restaurant.  All sorts of cultures and ethnicities were present.
5	I went here with friends who were regulars there, and I'm so happy that they introduced me to this restaurant! The service was great, the atmosphere was comfortable, and the food was out of this world! For an appetizer we got these "make your own springroll" type of dish, which was tasty, and the egg rolls were tasty as well. For my main dish I had something that consisted of veggies, shrimp, pork, and crunchy noodles. Delicious! All the food was fresh and fabulously cooked. If you are looking for traditional, high-quality Vietnamese food, go to Pho Thanh! **and ask if they will start staying open later, maybe if enough customers ask, they'll extend their hours till 10 pm :)
2	The way this dish was made reminds me of backyard cooking and where you have 5 cooks help preparing one dish and each does their assigned part a little differently. I haven't been here in a few years.... After I heard it got renovated and new management, I decided to give this place a try.They did have new flooring, tables and wall painting. The decor was a notch above the non-considerable condition of past visit. The servers there were friendly and service is minimal.I order my standard quintessential Viet dish; the pho in supersize with "everything" in it at about $7.75. The food arrived in about 5-7 minutes.  It was a very large bowl. What they did right was have the proper type of garnishment; basil , bean sprouts, limes, chili, pepper , soy and hoisen sauce. The ingredients may not be the choicest selections. I notice right away that the broth was very oil likely due to the excessive amount of oily section of the beefy animal used; they could have skim it off the pot\bowl, but the taste was acceptable. The rice noodles appear it will turn soggy and fall apart soon. The meat(bacon like ) wasn't the choicest selection of the animal either; no flank, london broil or leg cross section.  I should have specifically ask for a pho that had these. What they lack in quality, they made it up for in quantity.  I would prefer to pay a few bucks more to get a fine-crafted  quality dish in smaller portions. This Pho is not at the standard I would repeatedly consume, but it meets the mininum requirements. The decor , service and price of this place create the impression that it's ok to have Pho that is not at it's best. I can't complain too much because I did finish my meal; one intense exercise routine will get it out of my system quick. Pho is something I can have often and if cooked, there's the appreciation factor. I can't comment on the other dishes in the restaurant but Pho is a mainstay of any decent Vietnamese restaurant and it reasonates and gives me the impression how the other dishes are also made. Would I come back here again, yes definitely to try out a non-pho dish when I'm not in the mood for pho.
5	Great Vietnamese Food! Glad to have found the menu on-line at http://www.urbanspoon.com/u/menu/263688?p=0.
5	Just a quick update! This place is still awesome, and after going back and forth between the two, I feel that it is better than Da Vang (and should have won Best of Phoenix, dammit).I recently tried the Banh Mi Ti and the Vietnamese chicken curry and both were great. For $2.25 the banh was big enough to hold me over (though not for long) for a quick and super cheap meal. Maybe a banh and some spring rolls would be a perfect combination... The curry was freshly made and you can pick between rice, a bread roll and vermicelli noodles to accompany it. Chicken curry will be a nice alternative when I'm not in the mood for pho, whic is something I already do at Saigon Nites in North Scottsdale (a little shout out for them =) ).I love Pho Thanh! I will be back soon!
3	Came here when I was dying for a cheap and simple bowl of vermicelli in any form and it was a night of surprises.  Our waiter was surly and mildly interested in us being there (he even yelled at one of the people in our party when she asked for something off the menu), and the place itself was borderline dirty.  If you are a stickler for cleanliness and atmosphere, this is not the place for you.The food is a completely different story - portions are plentiful and the dishes are well-prepared.  It's like going over to a friend's house for some straight up homecooking.  Spring rolls, summer rolls, Spicy Hue Soup, Pho and Bun with Pork came to under $20 with the tip.  The pho was brimming with meat and noodles, and the heap of greenery to accompany the soup was plentiful - they even had shiso and regular mint, which seems to be a rarity at a lot of pho places these days.  And everything was perfectly delicious.  Lemme tell you, for that price and the quality of the dishes, I can deal with a little rudeness and dinginess.  No problem.
3	The restaurant is not fancy but the food is tasty and decent.
4	Came here last night for dinner at 7:50 (they close at 8:30). There were several tables of diners as well as a couple parties of 5+. TThere was a lot of trash under the tables (like chopstick paper, napkins, etc) so I don't know if they were super messy diners, or if the staff just doesn't tidy up until closing... Slightly off-putting.Our server was prompt but not super friendly.I honestly would like to know where people in food service heard it would hurt them to smile on occasion. I'm not going to leave you a Smaller tip for being friendly!Anyhoo,Food was all very fast. We ordered spring rolls with shrimp ($2.25). Pretty good served with a sweet-ish brown sauce of sorts that I can't figure out what it was. We got the Pho with filet and tendon for around $5. Very taste. Lots of green stuff to add. We also ordered the Lemongrass Chicken. Twas very oily and got some pretty firm bits of lemongrass, but a really nice flavor with chiles as well. They were out of Thai tea :( and Ben ordered a plum drink that was pretty good, however salty (which I think is probably how it's supposed to be, but being a typical American who does NOT put salt in her beverages, it was a little much)I'd go back.
4	Love at first bowl!You know you found something wonderful when you're in the car ten minutes after your last bite/slurp and you're still savoring the flavor of what you just ate and thinking about who  you can return there with.That's what happend to me at Pho Thanh.I awoke this morning tired, achy, and just plain meh. After sitting in the office on auto-pilot and sending off an e-mail or two, it occurred to me that I needed soup. American chicken noodle? Nah. Menudo or Posole? As much as I love them, not today. I needed something like Pho, Udon or Soba. There's an elixir-like quality to East Asian soups (those that I have had, at least) that you can't get from minestrone, French onion, or Campbell's tomato.When I walked into Pho Thanh I knew it was the place for me. Nearly every table was full at noon, and just about everyone there had a big bowl of Pho in front of them.I had the everything Pho (meatballs, beef, tripe, tendon), and it was absolutely fantastic. A big serving of herbs and bean sprouts, chile peppers and limes for squeezing made me a happy man. The broth was not salty, and all of the meats were tender and possessed their own flavors. i hate it when soups taste the same no matter what you're biting into, but this was not the case. Flavors were able to stand on their own, in synergy with the broth and the other flavors, and the serving of noodles was plentiful.I will return, hopefully with friends, coworkers, and family.NOTE: Expect to walk in, spot an empty table, sit down, order and be served WITHOUT being spoken to. Smiley customer service is not Pho Thanh's specialty, awesome Pho is.
5	Who am I kidding, sticking to my 4-Star rating? I come to this place several times a week and it's ALWAYS delicious.  I've tried their pho, their banh mi, their bun bo hue, and it's all top-notch. When it comes to Vietnamese cuisine in Phoenix, this is as good as it gets!
5	Great food and really cheap.  I've been coming here since 2000 back when I was at ASU, and it's still the top spot for Pho for me in the Valley of the Sun.Here's one of my latest pig outs as I remember it. Keep in mind I went with one other person.3 coconuts (the guy will crack open the top and insert straw & spoon for you)Other places give you coconut juice from the bottle and add coconut meat(?) to it.  *ahem* Da Vang *ahem*  If you've never had fresh coconut before, now is the time.  Natural Gatorade & oh so much better for you.  Plus, you can scrape the meat off the sides with your straw and suck them into your mouth.  Yes, you may use the spoon also, but it's not as fun. :D2 orders of #11, the obligatory combination Pho.Need I say more?  1 Bahn Mi with combination meatsTheir Bahn Mi is awesome!  They've changed it up a bit, and for the better!  They used to have thin slices of pickled daikon and carrot, but now they have big sticks of them in the sandwich.  Order one with your Pho.  You can dip the fresh french roll right into the soup and chomp down on the combination of Vietnamese sandwich meats at their finest.  1 order of spring rollsI like how their rolls taste always fresh, not like how they seemed to have been rolled and kept in the fridge.  I think the very high turn over rate they have here helps 1 order of egg rolls.All that came out to 25 dollars and something cents!I actually misunderstood the cashier and thought he had said forty five, but considering the amount of food we had at the table, I didn't even question it.  But seeing the number total on the register hit me as I was surprised it was so cheap!I've had their pork chop w/egg rice plates as well, and they're an awesome option for people who do not like the so-called "smell or scent" of Pho.  PS:  Vietnamese restaurants usually all close on Tuesdays.   It's pretty smart since it really IS the slowest day for restaurants.
5	Come here once every week or two for the bun bo hue and Thai tea
5	I simply love this place! I find myself coming here at least twice a week for lunch and sometimes go back for dinner when I have to brag to my friends and family what I ate for lunch.5 stars for price, cleanliness, fast and efficient service, and delicious food.There's no other place in cenpho that you can pay less than 10.00 for lunch for TWO people! The Banh mi is irrestible and filled enough with meat and veggies to be a solid steal for $2.25 The Pho-is PHO-licous!!!! Yes it leaves Da Vang, Maxim and 43 Express in the dust. Another steal at just $4.50The #59 Broken Rice Special is divine-especially if you want to get a little taste of everything for only $6.95Great place for a great price!
3	A small restaurant on the corner with very low prices for the amount of food given, but also at the cost of cleanliness/neatness.  I was seated at a table with the the workers' soda cans, a child's cup, and napkins that weren't cleaned up despite the place not even being close to full.  The gentleman at the register was polite, but my server was anything but.  He plopped the menu on the table and kept sighing whilst leaning on a high chair in between waiting/clearing tables and didn't utter a word to us.  There was a lot of garbage on the floor... some food scraps, napkins, chopstick wrappers, and dirt.The food was decent overall with generous portions and pretty tasty pho.  The pho was served as I'm used to with a side plate of herbs, bean sprouts, and hot peppers.  The broth is a bit oily and could use a little more depth, but for the price it's good enough.  The spring rolls were alright, the proteins within lacked seasoning, and the sauce was your typical peanut variety which provided them with a pleasant flavor.  Proportionally, however, the spring rolls could use a thinner rice paper wrapper, more greens, and less noodle (in my humble opinion).Admittedly I was a little put off due to the lack of tidiness which probably has skewed my review in a negative fashion, but cleanliness goes a long way.  I will probably try Pho Thanh again before making my final decision on whether or not it's a place I'd like to frequent... so until then - "A-OK" it is.
5	Best Pho I had outside of Los Angeles. Best eggrolls ever!It was just my girlfriend and I. We seriously ordered enough food to feed 4 people and out bill was only $32.Awesome food and ridiculously low prices. Tood bad its not in Los Angeles, I would be there every week.The other comments you see about cleanliness and service are true. The staff is not the friendliest or the most helpful, most of them walk around like they are forced to be there. No warm greeting when you sit down. They don't come by to check on you, you'll have to wave some one down and if they speak enough english you will get what you want.... eventually.After all that, I would still go back.
4	Very authentic and very good Vietnamese food. Great value for the money and clearly a favorite with the local Vietnamese.  The spring rolls were very tasty and came with a terrific peanut sauce.  They also provide many other typical condiments on the table to spice up your dish.  I had the slice beef Pho and it was delicious!  I'll be back.
5	I always judge an ethnic restaurant by the percentage of patrons belonging to its particular ethnic group.  Pho Thanh fits the bill and is one of my favorite places in Phoenix. Incredible assortment of Vietnamese food at amazing prices - with some house specialties you aren't going to find at your typical pho house...  IMHO, their Pho is 2nd rate, not bad, but certainly not the best.   Where they shine is their huge selection of other Vietnamese specialties - like Banh Mi Bo Kho - a delicious beef stew served with a french demi-baguette.  While their spring rolls are ok, their egg rolls are fantastic.
3	The deal:- Great pho and other menu items. I had vegetarian pho with tofu that was top-notch.- CHEAP. I think our entire meal (2 entrees, 1 app, tax+tip) was $13.- Not very clean, and the staff could use some lessons in this area -- a couple of qualms we had were:  The guy bussing tables doesn't think twice about dousing a table with Windex while customers are eating their meals a few feet away.  Not cool. I imagine this is a bad habit that needs to be remedied, rather than an isolated occurrence.  I personally hate smelling chemicals while I'm eating.Also, the same guy wheeled around a filthy cart full of customers' dirty dishes, and parked the thing just inches from me while I was eating. He never seems to empty the cart, just continues wheeling it around until it is overflowing with nasty remnants of meals. It was covered in crusty sauce (as if it's never been washed) and contains mounds of discarded food. It just looked gross. I tried ignoring it as it sat an arm's-length from me, but it quashed my appetite to some extent. Bottom line: I'll likely go back for a cheap, quick Viet meal, and will hope that the minor infractions I pointed out here get resolved.
5	BEST Vietnamese restaurant in the central valley. Clean, great menu selection, FABULOUS prices and always packed by locals! My go-to place for Pho & spring rolls.
4	I love this place,  always a good crowd of people, and good price.  I always get a fresh Thai coconut, the spring rolls, and some pho.  I often bring friends and they love it. I'd go more often if it were closer.
4	Still a huge fan, but having now compared it fully to Da Vang. I think DV's grilled pork (thit nung) is a little better.  Since its such a staple ingredient to so many dishes it's a difference maker to me.
5	THE best pho ever. I can't stop eating here. The staff does their job well and the prices are incredible. If you're heading there for lunch, however, try to go before or after about noon to 1:00 p.m. It can be crowded, but it serves as the best indication for their amazing food.
4	This place was busy on a Sunday, and I anticipated good food.  Bad service but that usually translates to good food in Asian joints.I had the pho tai, of course.  Since it's my first time here, I gotta try their pho.  It was pretty delicious!  My partner had the com tam thit.... and he liked it too.Overall, good pho, bad service, pack restaurant, cheap = I'm happy.I'll try this place again, when I'm in the neighborhood!
4	I had some really, really good Vietnamese food in this nondescript restaurant in the mini shopping strip at the northwest corner of Camelback and 17th Av. I came here with my friend and fellow yelper John M. around 3 PM on a Saturday to avoid the lunch rush, and it turned out to be a good idea. With fewer people in the restaurant at that time, service was relatively fast. The food was great ... and for the quantity and quality you get, it was unbelievably cheap! This is probably one of the best food bargains in the city. Why won't I give it 5 stars? Well, I wish they would be more conscientious about cleaning the floor. It wasn't really filthy, just littered with some napkins and drinking straws from the lunch rush when we were there. But I'll definitely be back again and again, because the food is so darn good and so inexpensive!
4	The pho is delicious, and the prices are fantastic.  Definitely a hole in the wall and very authentic (not much English spoken here).  Down side is that they don't serve beer (wha?! who doesn't drink beer with their pho?!) but otherwise 2 enthusiastic thumbs up.  Will come here whenever we're on this side of town.
5	Go there every month, it is the best in the valley for sure. You are not gonna get an awesome service but you are paying a cent for the delicious food, be grateful.strongly recommended.
1	I ordered a simple dish with egg noodles, mixed veggies, and tofu. It smelled overwhelmingly of feet. No kidding. Stinky-ass feet. Couldn't eat it. No thanks.
5	The sandwiches and the eggrolls are delicious and dirt cheap. Dipping the sandwich into the pho soup is divine if you like eating like me.
2	Yelp'd this place because my fav. spot was closed today, 43 EXPRESS, on Thomas n 43rd ave, had the pho and egg rolls it was okay, but the service very poor, had to ask 3 different people just to get a refill on water... I most likely wont come back..
4	This place was originally Pho Bang, but change owner and now switch to Pho Thanh. I came with my family on a Saturday and was impress of how crowded the place eventually get. And most of the people there are non-vietnamese. Price - Way CHEAP!! I think the cheapest pho place I've been to in AZ.Food - the pho broth was just perfect for me. My mom, being a good cook herself and hard critic when it comes to restaurant food, order Hu Tieu Dac Biet and compliment the juicy broth. The dishes comes with lots of mints and bean sprouts and always fresh since the owner of the place also own the right-next-door market. You won't ever have to worry about them running out of those. I was disappointed in their "rau ma" drink, it was too diluted down that I didn't really taste any rau ma.
4	I stop here at least 3 times a week.  Inexpensive, so great for the budget conscious person, but taste like a 4 star meal.  The Pho Broth is perfect every time.  This place is always packed with a mix of people,  I just wish the servers were a little bit more friendlier.
5	This place is just plain great. If you want fancy its not gonna work out. If you want service to kiss your butt it aint gonna work out.If you want great food then its gonna be a ok.Have tried many versions of the Pho and all are great. The spring rolls are a delight, and the coconuts are a treat.Its Pho-tastic!Only complaint is that they close too early. If this was open till 2am on the weekends I would be there every Friday!
5	We go at least once a week, and have, in the past gone twice in 1 day. It used to be a different Pho place which was also good, this place "insert cliche for amazing here". The freshness of all the herbs and veggies, the out of this world level of umptuous savory goodness... Simply put, it's a great place. And super easy on the wallet too. It was, at one time, filled with only Vietnamese people. We would be the only ones in the restaurant of another ethnicity- side note, when going to an 'ethnic' restaurant, its usually a good sign to see people from that region as patrons. Somehow the secret has escaped and it is quite multicultural now. It's refreshing to see Hispanic, Caucasians, and Vietnamese all rubbing elbows while inhaling a hot bowl of Pho! I feel as the pictures should speak for themselves... Here's the info... But don't overrun the place. We don't like going and not having somewhere to sit!Google recognizes it as: Pho Bang Restaurant Ste 14, 1702 West Camelback Road Phoenix 1 (602) 242-1979 LOVE IT! Very authentic and so amazing.
4	Very good Pho! It filled me up and was delicious. The bowl was huge and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The staff was kinda slow but that's ok. The pricing on most soups was under 6$. Ordered two soups and two sodas and my bill was 13 dollars! Can't beat that.
2	I guess it could be a higher rating considering the Phoenix area, but taste wise, it's subpar.The spring rolls were pre-made, probably during the morning or afternoon because it was cold from the refrigerator.  That killed the moisture and it was not filled with enough vegetables.The pho tai broth was a bit too oily and lacked taste.  The noodles were okay, while the slices of beef seemed a bit old and chewy.
3	Pho is basically a cure all for me.  When I feel bad, I eat pho to feel better.  When I feel good, I eat Pho to celebrate.  I love it.  So the night after my best friends bachelor party, I was in need of some serious physical rejuvenation the likes of which only Pho can provide.  My quest for my Vietnamese medicine lead me to Pho Thanh and I was struck mostly by its mediocrity.  The soup certainly wasn't terrible, but it lacked that certain quality that elevates Pho above mere food into the realm of the sublime.  The broth was decent but not spectacular, the noodles were good and the meat was alright but the vegetable accompaniments were sadly disappointing.  The herbs were old and wilted and I got a meager ration of both herbs and Bean Sprouts.  I did feel better after my soup, but I left feeling like I did not fully satisfy my Pho craving.
1	this is a place you have to seat yourself. There was no talking involved other than the waiter asking us what we want to order. The guy who drop off the food just put it down and left, we had to figure out which one was which. No water refills, flies visited our table often (not sure if  this is normal for the phoenix area because the door was open). We ordered pho, my friend liked it but I didn't because the soup tasted sweeter than I usual have it. The place seems pretty popular there were people coming in and out. When paying, you have to walk up to the counter yourself and pay. There was no service to speak of.
3	The first time I dined here, I left petrified- the portions were small and the seasoning was barely enjoyable. However, they remodeled and there's definitely a new cook because the place looks way more lively and the food is much better. I like their 3 color dessert (Che Ba mau).
5	Pho is great.  This Pho is great.  The veggies Pho is top notch.  I get soup about once a week and always have to get more for everyone I work with.  The price is good and the place is always busy which is a good sign it will not be closing down anytime soon.  If you are not a big fan of the veggie try the meatball because that is good to.  I believe it is better then Maxim.  But try both and compare for yourself because Pho is good.
3	I was in Scottsdale for a few days.  After a few days of salads and sandwiches I was craving for a hot bowl of noodles.  Pho Thanh satisfied my desire.  The food was decent but they come in much smaller portions than I'm used to seeing.  Overall,  I enjoyed it.
4	I love when my preconceptions are proved wrong. I have actually heard a lot about this place and I know what Pho is but actually never tried it until yesterday. Walking up to this place, you have the misconception that this place will not be that good because it is on the end of a run down strip mall and you think to yourself if the outside looks likes this how good could it be inside? Much to my amazement, my ignorance turned to bliss. Upon walking in the inside was much bigger than I thought it was going to to be, it was packed and everything was very clean, a pleasant surprise. I ordered the shrimp spring rolls and the Pho, that consisted of tripe, meatball, and brisket. The spring rolls were divine. Nice crisp, fresh, clean, and aromatic flavors. I could have ate about eight of these things. Upon finishing the spring rolls, I knew it was a sign of good things to come. Then came the Pho. Realistically, Pho is a soup, and I didn't understand how a soup could be perceived at phenomenal. Once again I was wrong. I tried the broth first, a mouth full of deliciousness. The rice noodles were divine, the meatball I thought was OK though, and the brisket was a little tough, but that is too be expected when it's sitting in hot broth all day. But overall a more than solid bowl of awesomeness, and I was a happy camper. What element I think I loved the most was that the Pho was filling, but you don't feel like you overate. A filling meal that has a very light touch to it, which I enjoy. The service was a little clumsy, but I can oversee that, since they delivered on the meal which is what were really there for. I'm am going to stick with giving this place a four star rating simply due to the fact that I have never had Pho before yesterday and I don't know whether or not I have had the cream of the crop, or if there is better Pho in the valley. I guess I will have to try more Pho elsewhere, but I will be back to Pho Thanh.
1	I agree with others who have said about the broth being too oily and fatty. Noodles were fine, but I couldn't even finish half the bowl before I started getting grossed out and had to eat from my husband's bbq pork sandwhich instead, which was actually pretty decent. I'm a big carnivore, but even I thought the spring rolls lacked veggies, too much meat and pretty tasteless. Service was HORRIBLE! You're lucky if u can even get some eye contact with the service once your meal has been served. Soda was served straight from the can - no glass, not even a straw. Definitely not worth the 12 mile drive!
5	I love this spot. It is my most favorite pho spot, possibly in the entire US, definitely in Phoenix. The service is terrible, but I expected that. I think only culturally American spots would even consider service an important quality in a good restaurant. This place focuses on the food. It's all about the delicious (and surprisingly inexpensive) food.
5	Love this place!
5	Alright so, I had previously said that Khai Hoan in Tempe gets my vote for best pho in the valley, but having dined at the newly expanded Pho Thanh more than once now, I'll argue that there is room at the top for more than one champion.First off, Pho Thanh has the BEST broth in the valley. There's no contest--I don't know how they do it, but they nail it every time.Yesterday we started with some spring rolls and cafe sua da. Then, I think I ordered a 114? It had all the usual suspects: tender filet mignon, beef brisket, tripe, tendon, meatballs, plus all your typical add-ins as well. Since there were two of us we got an ample platter with plenty of FRESH jalapenos, sliced lime, bean sprouts, cilantro, basil, and even lemongrass! I am salivating right now remembering this bowl and how GREAT it was. The service was friendly and immediate, and they didn't hound us when we were done (you have to go up to the counter and tell them your table number to pay).There was plenty of things the other patrons were eating that I need to checkout, primarily the young coconuts everyone was drinking (and eating). I also have never had the pleasure of trying pennywort, and Pho Thanh has it bubbling away on the counter.I can't recommend Pho Thanh enough if you're into Vietnamese cuisine. If they don't get Best of Phoenix next year, then the people running the New Times are shitheads.
5	This place has all the usual Vietnamese dishes and drinks. I have been here several times and this is as good as it gets. For those that have not tried Vietnamese food I highly recommend starting here. Pho Thanh (translates to soup bar) is the typical Pho restaurant, nothing fancy, but has every thing you need for a great meal. Come in make eye contact with the person behind the counter, point to the table you want to sit at. If they nod ok, go sit there. If they point to another table, go sit there. This is just the way it is at all Vietnamese restaurants. Having been a big fan of Pho over the last 20 years or so, I had a need for a Pho fix. I of course went strait to Yelp to find the closest place. Since this was the only place close to the house. The reviews looked good, I figured I would give it a try.  It was just what I was looking for, It is as good as any I have had. Better than a lot of other places. Very consistent with the broth. I have been back repeatedly. Over the years I have gained a wife and two kids? What  how did that happen? Wow, any way I wanted to introduce them to this. So we took my two year old with us the first time. I kinda knew my wife would like Pho if she just tried it. My two year old I started off on the pork chops on rice. Now that was some good pork chops! When we pull in to the parking lot my daughter now says "Pork Chops" and jumps up and down. We now go there as a family and and my two year old also loves the soup dishes. Since the bowls are big bowls we have to share with the kids, there is now way they can finish a bowl that big! The spring rolls are great. If you like coffee you have to try Cafe sua da, a very dark coffee over ice.  So far over the last few years this place has been a great place to go for some good food. Service has been prompt and courteous. and the food has always been great.
5	Went again two days ago and the whole place got BRIGHTER! I thought I was tripping but I then realized that they knocked the wall down and expanded next door. Their restaurant capacity doubled, I gotta say it feels kind of weird at first since the decors don't match.Anyway, on to the food. Got a No.11 again and my friend got 14 with eggrolls. ...same old deliciousness with the same price. Nothing else to say about that.I do want to add a piece of advice: go eat in clothes that you don't mind smelling like the restaurant.
5	We had the spicy seafood hot pot and egg rolls last night and they were amazing. The service is also much better than it used to be.
4	This place reminds me of the typical Pho restaurants in California. Not decorated, simple seating with simple menus and service. With that being said and since I am myself Vietnamese, I love this place. It's very much a Vietnamese restaurant, they even have some menu options you find at any other Vietnamese place in Phoenix. The food here is incredible. I've had the Pho, rice porridge, Banh Xeo, spring rolls, and more. I love it here and you can't beat the price either.
4	Tonight was my second visit to Pho Thanh and again, I left with a very full belly (and not just because I'm pregnant!).  This place offers consistent, affordable Vietnamese food in large portions.Highlights for me include the fresh young coconut, the shrimp spring rolls, and the stir fry noodle dishes.  Although, everyone who I've seen go with the pho seems pretty happy as well.  The atmosphere is nothing special, but the company you go with will hopefully make up for that!  I went with my brother the first time and for the International Supper Club kick-off tonight, so needless to say, I was entertained during both visits.  Service is attentive although I did have to ask for my water to be refilled a couple of times.  They were great with our large group and were fine doing separate bills as well.  Oh, and they can do vegetarian entrees and pho upon request.Bottom line: Pho Thanh is a pho-nomenal choice for affordable Vietnamese in Pho-enix!
5	I will spare all of you with my Pho puns. Swearsies. All of you who know me, understand that ethnic food is a staple in my life. Much like a good sandwich. I mean who doesn't love good meat, cheese and delicious bread....but that is a topic for another post.I paid a visit to the West side of town for the first meeting of the AZ Yelp Supper Club. I got there a little early, so I seated by the nice gentleman who said, "You are in the group of 30?" HA. I hung out for a little while and worked on my latest blog post...but I knew I had awesome company as soon as I saw CM Lindsey and several Yelpers walk in the door. The menu has all kinds of good stuff. Pho, Bun, and various noodle dishes. Even Banh Mi! Score! This isn't your typical Pho house. You get it all here. Want chicken dishes? Bam. You got it. Seafood? It's yours.I ordered the #1 Pho. You know the one. With the Tripe and Tendons. Only the brave should bother. Also, like a smart guy, I ordered the XL bowl since it was my day off. It was way too much. Oh well.The broth was perfect. Not too oily. Piping hot. Sweat beading down my head. Everyone who ordered Pho on this 105 degree day had sweaty foreheads. The Vietnamese would be proud. Afterall, this is what people eat in the heat in Vietnam. It actually cools you off. My Pho was so awesome, I nearly forgot to tell you about my appetizer....the #1 spring rolls. So delicious with shrimp and pork. Oh so perfect. My total tab came out to just under 10 bucks. Splitting a large check is not a big deal here. The staff is pretty helpful, and my return factor is high. I live in Old Town Scottsdale. I am willing to drive 30 minutes...just for the Pho. Yeah. That is happening.
5	Yet again I'll say it... This is THE Vietnamese restaurant for me in Phoenix! The food and the prices are still amazing. You can leave completely stuffed for under $10 every single time you eat here, and you don't have to order the same thing every time! There are plenty of well-priced dishes on the menu. The thing on my mind that has to be mentioned though is their expansion. They have doubled the size of their dining room, and I couldn't be happier! Now Pho Thanh has plenty of space for all of its patrons to enjoy a hot bowl of the best beef pho in the valley! If you still haven't gone here, change that immediately.
4	Went here with the hubby last night for the first time with the Yelp International Supper Club. I had a great time meeting some fellow Yelpers and getting to try out a new place. I had seen this restaurant on Check Please! on PBS so it was already on my super-long and always growing "to try" bookmark list. We started with spring rolls which tasted super fresh and delicious. They were the non-fried kind and there is nothing worse than when those get a little old and the rice paper starts to get crunchy instead of chewy. But these were perfect and came with a yummy dipping sauce. Also, there were huge whole shrimps in them instead of chopped or minced as some Asian restaurants use. The hubby got a beef noodle dish and I ordered Pho. Both were very tasty. I liked the fact that they gave you ample amounts of (very fresh) herbs and condiments to add to the soup to your liking. It reminded me of eating menudo at my MIL's house. I was also very happy to see that they included sliced jalapenos on the garnish plate... even though I didn't eat them outright as did some others at the table, I added them to the broth and let them steep a bit and it gave the perfect amount of spice to the pho. The bowl was so huge that I couldn't finish it all but it was really good and left me with a satisfied but not too stuffed feeling. Since we got there late, I had ordered hurriedly so I was very surprised when I went up to pay and both our meals including tax and tip was still less than $10. Amazing! I seriously can not remember the last time I paid so little for a good meal. I pretty much never come to this part of town but if it was closer to where we live I would definitely make this place part of our regular rotation.  The staff was friendly and accommodating as well.  The only thing they would need for a fifth star is a nicer location/ambiance.
4	For a year, I passed by Pho Thanh every day on my way to work. For a year, I never thought once to step inside. For a year, I had no idea how much I was missing out! This visit was a visit of firsts. My first time at this restaurant and my first time eating Vietnamese food. Both were spectacular! This restaurant isn't much to look at on the outside, but it's got everything it needs on the inside including friendly staff, cheap prices and delicious dishes. I will admit that the menu is completely overwhelming for a newbie like me. I had no idea what I wanted, but luckily I was dining with pros so they guided me in the right direction. I started with the spring rolls and opted for a pork bun. The spring rolls were really refreshing and I enjoyed the peanut sauce to accompany it. I wasn't a huge fan of the basil and/or cilantro that came inside, so next time I would ask for them to leave the herbs out. The bun was delicious and huge! I snuck some of my remaining peanut sauce in there and poured in the sauce that came with it. I had no idea that it was fish sauce but I'm glad I didn't because I gave it a chance and really liked it! The bun had pork, noodles and eggs rolls. I only ate about half of it and was completely stuffed but not in a bad way. It was the perfect amount of food with the right spices and heartiness. As I enjoyed my meal and company, I looked around and noticed how crowded this place gets with every walk of life!Guess how much my bill was for spring rolls, bun and a diet coke? Around $8-$10. I'm serious! For the price alone, I will return, but for the food and friendly service, I will return sooner.
4	I am little late to review this, but better now than never.   I had a fun time attending the first Yelp AZ International Supper Club at Pho Thanh.   It was a perfect pick by Gabi as I was really craving for Vietnamese food that night.  I had ordered the Bun Bi Cha Gio (vermicelli with eggrolls, seasoned shredded pork, vegetables, crushed peanuts and fish sauce).  This is the best noodle dish especially when outside is so hot!   It will definitely cool you off.   I also had the whole young coconut.  The coconut juice and the meat were so fresh.  You might need to have some serious elbow grease to remove the meat inside the coconut.  I would warn the people sitting around in case you hit them.  Sorry to be so critical but I was so excited to have a "Vietnamese" restaurant in the 'hood.
4	First off, I would like to humbly say, I eat Pho monthly, if not weekly.  Whether that be homemade or at a sit down, I slurp it frequently.Ironically, as the business name might suggest, I actually do not come here for the Pho.  My food instinct tells me the root problem lies in the broth.  Not enough beefy, meaty flavors.  You can throw as much cooked meat into a bowl of Pho but that doesn't make the broth better, in addition to the excess oily content.  There's definitely room to improve!Aside that, there are plenty of other dishes here that are very satisfying and evidently keeps me coming back. ** BBQ Pork Banh Mi (Bun Me): If you ever had a Chinese Char Siu Bun, it's basically the same thing but in a baguette with fresh vegetables.  The bun is slightly toasted and served warm.  Definitely, a winner in my book.  ($2.50) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gQMAcDm8kv8ev7x2BshMwg?select=ruAAr86Q1SOeE8ovHHUhRA** Beef Stew with Banh Mi: The stew broth is fantastic! Lots of flavor from the beef!  Just exactly how I would like it! Take a piece of bread, dip, soak in the broth, and eat away! Yum! (Under $6)** Bun Bo Hue: Besides Pho, this is typically one of the other go-to soup bowls.  Don't let the redness in the soup or the pork blood scare you, its the reason why its good! Ha, ha! The best part is eating the bone-in pig skin and meat. (Under $6)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gQMAcDm8kv8ev7x2BshMwg?select=aHJ6RhEArYbl4194Z6c-Sg** Luc Lac w/ a side of White Rice: French inspired pan seared steak and salad.  The awesome flavors that is fused with the caramelized onions paired with fresh, crisped salad drenched in special, citrus vinaigrette.  Caveat: a tad oily, but it's fine!  When you hear it SIZZLING on a hot, stoned plate is when you know it's good! ($9)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gQMAcDm8kv8ev7x2BshMwg?select=dxw6_gLECBo-fOFNvQImng** Ca Ri Ga (Chicken Curry and Potato): If you like curry, you will most definitely enjoy this.  It's basically a soup bowl of brothy chicken with yellow curry and potato.  Similar to the Beef Stew, you can order it with a Banh Mi (baguette), OR have it with Vermicelli noodles or White Rice.  I would go with a warm, toasted baguette, so you can dip, soak the curry and eat it in small parts. (Under $6)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gQMAcDm8kv8ev7x2BshMwg?select=ok5oYmXE3cIQ3vfJl8gRXQThese are just some of my favorites that I get here, but you can certainly order much more on their extensive menu.  I stick with what I know and like, typically.The most important element of this place is the pricing! For lunch, its hard to beat!  The service is okay, they always start you off with a cold, ice water with lemon and then take your order after a few minutes of being seated.  Lastly, if you crave desserts, they are refrigerated and visible as you come up to pay for your meal. If you are lucky enough to work around or twelve minutes away (like I do), I highly recommend getting your Viet fix here.
4	This was my first time eating at Pho Thanh as well as my 1st time eating Vietnamese food. The restaurant is small and most of the tables were full so that's a good sign. I was pleasantly surprised with our food & dining experience. I was not sure what to order so my boyfriend helped me pick something since he has eaten Vietnamese before. I ordered the lemongrass chicken; it was a little spicy but not over powering. He ordered some Pho, a pork sandwich and some spring rolls, all of which were good as well. We are both excited to go back and try some different items.
2	Super disappointed.  I've eaten at plenty of pho places, mainly in Las Vegas and one in Flagstaff, and they have all been better than this.  "Why?" you might ask, and the answer lies within the broth.  To me, what makes a pho place good is the broth.  I always get the beef ball pho, but this time I mixed it up a little and got the sliced beef and meatball pho (I know, I'm a risk taker).  It makes it easy to compare to other places, so I'm not kidding when I say the soup is definitely lacking in taste.  They definitely do not skimp on the meat though (as opposed to many, many pho places) so if that floats your boat, this is your place.I have to admit, my impression of this place started better off.  My boyfriend and I split the cold cut combo sandwich and I thought it was very good.  Granted, I have not had that many Vietnamese sandwiches, but I could eat this everyday.  I guess until I eat a really great one.  But that was a good experience for me, so now I want to order one of those every time I visit a pho restaurant from now on!Verdict?  I would not give this place another chance, because the broth is very important to me.  You would like this place if you liked other Vietnamese dishes, or pho with other kinds of broths.
4	This place is pretty good.  The food is excellent and the service varies from slow to fast depending on the day of the week.  It's packed on Saturdays.  They just expanded and the place is bigger now.  This is the 2nd time I've been there and the experience this time was a lot better.  The food is fresh and the flavors are great.  The menu is 3 pages and has lots of choices.  Would recommend.
3	I actually liked what I got that is why I gave it a three star rather than two stars like my girlfriend did. I would have given 2 stars as well if I got what she got. She got just regular rice stick noodle pho with beef and beef balls. The broth did lack a lot of flavor and being from San Jose, Ca, not good at all. I have definitely had a lot better.I got the spicy beef soup with vermicelli. I usually wouldn't get anything with vermicelli because I am not a fan, but this was delicious! The soup was spicy and very flavorful. But to be honest, I think that anything spicy is flavorful. There was a lot of meat in it and they did not hold back. I was really happy about that. I was impressed about the vegetables they gave. They had some banana tree shavings, love it. My mom uses it a lot and it really reminded me of home. I did not like the sandwich at all. I am use to more meat in vietnamese sandwiches and the bread was too soft. I am use to fresh crunch baguettes.Not sure I will come back
5	Hands down, the best Vietnamese in the valley. Ever since I moved to Scottsdale from downtown Phoenix, I've been on a mission to find Vietnamese that compares. Nothing has Pho Thanh beat. I'm a regular there, and when I arrive, they know what I'm ordering. This is both sad and great!! I think I need a life outside Vietnamese food! In true Vietnamese service style, there are no frills. Don't come here expecting to be doted upon. Not going to happen. Go here because you want plentiful, cheap, flavorful, authentic Vietnamese food. The spring rolls are the best in the valley by far. I literally have tried 7 different Vietnamese restaurants, and I am starting to lose hope I'll find one close to home! I recommend the steamed chicken pho, spring rolls, and their great coconut water drink. It arrives in a full coconut with the top chopped off, and a straw! Great stuff. Just don't go on a Tuesday, they're closed!
5	We went out of our way to eat here on the way the phx airport. Delicious!  The crepe appetizer was fresh and not greasy.  The eggrolls were crispy and the pho was huge.  Definitely satisfies any craving.Service is slow but prices are cheap and the food is good so I can't complain much.
5	This family runs a great business! For the Phoenix area, they run a very clean, inexpensive, and certainly authentic Vietnamese dining experience. Don't throw them under the bus and compare them to some of the greats in Orange County or San Fran, those places are in a league of their own. :) Thanh himself, is a young guy, whom you will usually find seating you when you visit the restaurant. His parents do much of the cooking and other work in the restaurant. Everything that I have tried so far in this place has been great! The Cafe Sua Da is brewed fresh in a cup at your table while you eat your meal, which is nice, as many of these places have begun to serve pre-made Cafe Sua da. If you aren't familiar with what I am speaking of, it's a very strong coffee that is brewed by the cup and then poured over condensed milk, stirred, then poured into a glass of ice and stirred once more. You won't mess with Starbucks after trying this brew. It's simple, strong, and has a nice kick, along with some anti-oxidizing effects. ;) The simple, but classic Pho Thai, which consists of Rice Noodles, Pho Stock, and Thin slices of beef that are placed in the Pho bowl just as they are served, is flavorful and great for a newcomer to the Vietnamese Cuisine. It is accompanied with the typical plate of condiments, which you can add to your own discretion and liking. The plate includes the following fresh items: Bean Sprouts, Fresh Basil Leaves, Lime, Jalapeno Slices, and Mint Leaves. A good Pho, won't require adding Sriracha or any other sauces to the Pho itself. Don't be a NOOB and do this. Mix your Sriracha or Chili Oil with Hoison Sauce in the little sauce dish at the table and dip your beef in it before eating. If you like onions, order Hanh Dam with your dish. It's sliced onions in rice vinegar, be sure to spice them up with Sriracha when they bring them to your table, and eat them along with the beef or a bite of your Pho, it's a great addition to your meal. The broken rice dishes that I have tried have been great as well. Broken rice, is simply that, Rice that has been broken in half by a special machine. It really changes the texture of the rice in a good way. The Pork Chop that I had with mine was seasoned well and cooked perfectly. It was served with a fried egg, bean curd wrapped shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, and some grilled shrimp. For less than $7.00, its better than one of those secret steak and shrimp meals that you will find in some of the Vegas Casino's, and will fill you up for sure. Be sure to use the fish sauce to drizzle on your meal. Don't smell it, just add a little chili oil, and drizzle it over your dish. I use the whole bowl, it adds so much great flavor to the dish. The Spring Rolls were the standard with Pork and Shrimp inside, and served with the Peanut Sauce. Be sure to add a little Chili Oil to the sauce before dipping. The Egg rolls, which will be ordered by most white people were great as well. It's difficult to screw up fried foods. Be sure that you wrap the egg rolls in the lettuce and add some mint leaves to the wrap before dipping in the fish sauce that you hopefully added a little chili oil to. The Fresh Coconut Water is served proper, in a freshly cracked coconut. You get the whole thing as you should, whereas some of these places around here will just serve you a small glass along with some of the meat from the coconut inside. They also serve the Vietnamese Sandwiches here, which I recommend. The BBQ Pork is probably the best one, served on a fresh french roll with Cilantro, Carrots, Jalapeno, and Cucumber. For $2.50, you can't beat it. You can actually take these home and throw them in the refrigerator for later.Thanh himself usually clears and cleans the tables immediately after someone leaves. The service here has always been great, and very quick, considering that the place is usually full everyday at lunch time.If you are new to Vietnamese Cuisine, I highly recommend Pho Thanh. Be brave, and try new things, you have no idea what you are missing. They don't serve anything odd, and if it didn't taste good, then it wouldn't be on the menu, so don't be so white, and give it a try. You will love it, I promise! :)
3	Im from Dallas Tx and stopped in cause I was craving pho. Ordered pho dac biet. Broth was sweet but lacked the aroma. I felt like it was missing something. They do not skimp out on the beef which is a plus. Meatballs, I'll pass. The texture was strange and tasted frost bitten. The service was excellent though. If im ever in Phoenix, I'll reconsider coming back and trying something else on the menu.
3	I've only been here once but for a weekday night in the area, the place was packed! The pho was good, if a little oily, and I appreciated that they took us 15 minutes before they closed.
4	#26, #1, #150 is my favorite. I go here every time I need something warm in my belly. They are open early too!I love this place and the dining area has gotten bigger :)Had the Bun bo hue. Was pretty good and cheap!
2	EDIT #2: I was there not too long ago and this place fell from grace. My former favorite dish, the bun bo hue was horrendous. The meat in it was so tough, I swear I was eating those leather tabs that is sometimes attached to new shoes. All I could do was just chew it enough to get the meat flavor out of it and then spit it out. I'm in Tucson now, but the next time I"m in PHX, I'll definitely have to find another pho place.
4	I've now been here twice, one to eat in and one to carry out.All in all, great prices, decent service, and semi-good food.I've had the pho when I sat down and ate at the restaurant.  Not the best I've had, but at the price, really good and fulfilling.When I've carried out: had the bun thit nuon.  Great stuff. Mi xao and hu tieu xao were just ok.I like that the whole place is very big (from a recent expansion, I'm reading). The bathrooms are pretty good and the service is not too typical Viet: actually friendly-ish and not too rude/brusque.I would come back again for sure. The prices are what you would find in California, so that is just too good to pass up.
4	BEST cha gio in Phoenix.
3	The resturant was located in the ghetto. Cheap, fast, and easy. Perfect hangover food!
4	The pho was good and well prices Broth was excellent, service was good, I'm a frequent flyer when It comes to this stuff
4	This is a serious pho place since the expansion.  The portions are huge, the quality is better than average and the prices are great.  I haven't had a dish I didn't like.  The sandwiches, rice vermicelli, spring rolls, and pho are all great.
3	No frills here. They come take your order, it comes fast, it's cheap, not much of an atmosphere. Try the snowpeas and chicken -  it is a nicely crafted dish when they actually stir fry it, the other day they deep fried the chicken and it was awful!
4	Really enjoyed lunch here. I got #26, egg noodle soup with pork wontons, shrimp, squid, etc. He got the pho beef soup (not sure of the number) and we shared the shrimp spring rolls. Seriously delicious and great value. I ordered out another night and got #31 and was pretty happy I got this one to eat at home it was delicious but I made a mess of myself. Clean up on aisle Cookie!Can't wait until winter... I can see myself eating here once a week!
4	Here is the quick & dirty: The Pho is damn good and very reasonably priced. The rest of the food we got was just so so. That said, since I love pho, I would easily go back.
4	Pho is good and has a good amount of meat. It's the best kind of comfort food ever.
4	I've only been here once and it was pretty enjoyable.  It was exactly what I wanted in a vietnamese restaurant- fairly skethy neighborhood, questionable things on the front counter, and lots of asian people!  All signs of a legit vietnamese place.  We got spring rolls for an appetizer and it was served traditional with the lettuce.  My date and I both got pho.  I got chicken and he got brisket.  Both were really good.  Not the best ever, but good.  Prices are so cheap!  Its hard to find good asian food in general in Phoenix, especially vietnamese so I was elated to be introduced to this place.
5	Thank you fellow yelpers for great reviews and Pho Thanh for providing an awesome Pho dinner. Good flavor, good price!! Well worth the drive from Goodyear!
4	I'm not often in the mood for pho but when I am, this is my spot! The food is great and you walk out with a bill smaller than if you were eating at McDonald's (huge bowl of pho ga, or chicken pho, for $5.25!). I always get the pho ga because all of those other animal parts in the beef soups kind of freak me out, but I"ve never been disappointed. I'm also a big fan of the eggrolls and the spring rolls. They give you lettuce leaves to wrap the egg rolls in and then mint and cilantro to put inside. Way too good! I could eat those daily. Whether I'm nursing a hangover, coming down with a cold, or just craving a huge bowl of soup, pho thanh is always a safe bet.
3	I tried Pho Thanh today after much hype. I read about it in the Phoenix New Times "Best Of Phoenix 2011" and felt like if it got a great review then I should put it on the list. Here is a run down of the order: Spring Rolls Lean Pork SammichPho with Filet Broken RiceThai TeaWe wanted to try a lot of food to get an idea of what the place was like and  even asked the waiter what the most popular items on the menu were. I usually don't opt for a fancy cut of meat in Pho but I decided to try it at his recommendation. Spring Rolls- They tasted old and my dining partner said "it tastes like each ingredient". What he meant was, it felt like he was eating rice paper, pork, etc. It didn't feel cohesive. When I tried it I thought the rice paper was gummy and the roll was super bland. The peanut sauce on the side was also a little meh. Lean Pork Sammich- I like the addition of pickled daikons but the meat was lacking. The waiter commented that there was a lot of seasoning but I felt it was bland. Pho- Oh dear. I was so looking forward to a great tender slice of filet in a rich, complex broth. I was truly disappointed in this dish. The broth was flat (my dining partner agreed) and the noodles were a bit off. They almost tasted old or undercooked. They stuck together and were chewy. (If you want good Pho, Da Vang is a good option. I am still on the lookout for more options) Broken rice- My dining partner had this one and liked it, but didn't love it. I know when he loves things and this didn't wow him at all. I wish I had more commentary on this. Sorry. Thai Tea- It is pretty hard to fuck up Thai tea. This was executed well. I am going to possibly give this place one more shot. I liked the waitstaff, the restaurant was clean and the prices were very fair. We walked out with a bill of $20, which is pretty crazy.
5	Best Vietnamese Place in the Entire Phx Metro area!  Locations sucks but the food is sooo good...it is worth the drive!
4	My experience with Vietnamese cuisine is limited to Pho Thanh and another place I dined at in Peoria.  Pho Thanh is my favorite of the two places.I've been to Pho Thanh twice now.  Both times I ordered pho tai nam.  The dish is noodles in beef stock broth with slices of beef and brisket.  The bowl is dirt cheap (maybe $5 or $6).  Not only is the dish tasty but its easily one of the best values to be found at any restaurant in Phoenix and the surrounding area.On my next visit I will expand my Vietnamese horizons and try something new.  The menu has well over 100 items to choose from.Pho Thanh may not be in the best area and the strip center parking lot is small (and, sadly, filled with the vehicles of folks that have no clue how to park a car) but this place is a must visit.  If you're a fan of Asian cuisine in general or just looking to try something new. Pho Thanh is well worth your time.
4	when I was in San Jose, I always know where to go for a great Vietnamese food.finally I found another place here when I'm travelling in Phoenix.this place is a local for people looking for a great vietnamese food.can't go wrong if you want an authentic vietnamese food.
4	This place is legit. I would give it 5 stars if they did not have such bright fluorescent lighting, which makes the place feel like a hospital cafeteria. Beyond the aesthetics, the food is authentic and very tasty. I will definitely be back!
4	Been wanting to go here for awhile now but I'm not a huge fan of any Vietnamese I have ever tried. I went for it after all the good buzz about this place.  I ordered the spring rolls (fried) delish! and a Pho with meatball. I decided to order it to go but should have ate in. The soup is delish love all the condiments u add in..made mine super spicy. Had a iced Thai tea. very sweet and yummy but prob opt for the coffee next time. They sell coconuts for $2!!! i am so getting one next time. I look forward to going back again.
5	favorite pho in phoenix, i will repeat, favorite.
3	The food quality and price of this place is unbeatable.However, the friendliness level of owner and waiters need to be improved. One time, I went when the restaurant was full. Standing by the door for 5 min, nobody talked to me. The other time, I got confused by spring roll and egg roll, so question the waiter when he brought the food. His attitude is like"wtf, you ordered this. Don try to let us take it back." I mean running a restaurant is more than swiping customers credit card. Bring some true happiness to the work you are doing...
5	Oh..MY...GOSH... Count me in for another five star review!!  This place is awesome.  First off,  from the appetizer section of the menu, the most amazing crepe I have ever had, stuffed with bean sprouts, pork and shrimp.  It is so very good.   The food is amazingly fresh, very large portions and low priced.  They give you a whole bushel of fresh cilantro, mint, basil, etc with pretty much every order.  Fresh and delicious.  An amazing gem for phoenix.
5	Well, I should probably start out by saying that I've never had pho before, so I don't have anything to compare this to, but nevertheless... I have never tasted something so delicious! A friend of mine picked up an order of beef pho for me and showed me how to prepare it. The portion was so huge I had to search high and low for a big enough bowl to put it in! Major bonus? It was SUPER cheap!! I just wish the location was closer to me in Scottsdale!
4	I have written a review for this place before.Just want to add that my favorite dish there is "Banh Mi Bo Kho" - which is beef stew with bread. The beef are very well cook and very juicy and the bread are soft, a great combo together! I would recommend this dish out of all the dishes they have there.
5	Pho Thanh shares the top spot on my favorite Viet-food-in-the-valley list.  Cheap, delicious, great/quick service.  No complaints!
2	This place is horrible, the pho soup is so greasy, very poor service, I came here looking for great pho but instead it was a dissapointment, I was out of town and leaving Arizona that day and wanted some Pho and it was unpleasant.
4	The price and pho was awesome. The waiter was great with helping me figure out what to get. Tried #11, loved the beef tendon and tender meat but not a fan of the meatballs (there was a tiny bone in mine). I am a spoiled NYC bahn mi eater so the bahn mi wasn't my favorite (I thought the meat was too fatty) but the boyfriend liked the BBQ pork bahn mi. I also love the do it yourself take home containers, homemade hot sauce, and I even heard they will refill your broth. Bring an appetite, even with the normal size I was stuffed!
3	Not Pacquiao vs Mayweather, but Da Vang Vs. Pho ThanhService:     Da Vang 5 stars vs. Pho Thanh 3 starsFood:         Da Vang 4 stars vs. Pho Thanh 3.5 starsAmbiance: Da Vang 3 stars vs. Pho Thanh 4 starsPrice:         Da Vang 5 Stars vs Pho Thanh 5 starsROA:         Da Vang 4 stars vs. Pho Thanh 4 stars(ratio of authenticity)You be the judge.(Find this useful, cool, or funny, please check accordingly)
2	Was there last night.  Pho was a 2.5 on a scale of 5.  I had the one that costs a little extra with meatballs, tripe, brisket. Generous amount of meat, but you know what they say, Pho is all about the broth.  That's what makes it.  Every pho is made from  beef broth even the chicken pho.  And that wouldn't be bad if the broth was flavorful. Da Vang's broth is a 5 out of 5 but I decided to compare.  I had the spicy, salty shrimp with shells on.  They were ok but I didn't realize I would be eating the shrimp's caca in the process.  My guest had beef with snow peas.  It was spiced to his liking but the flavor just wasn't there.  Their prices are incredibly low and that's why I gave them an extra star otherwise it would be a one.  You get what you pay for.  Back to Da Vang for me!!!!!
4	Really good Pho!  Not the best location but that doesn't affect the rating. I'd deff go back.  I suggest they close the door to keep flys out though.
4	Yuuuum. Love me some pho. I am from SD, California and coming out here it's hard to find too many pho places but this is a go to for some pretty good pho. Don't expect the greatest customer service which rubbed me the wrong way when I first started goin here but they've grown on me. Just pour ur water, serve ur food, and they're off. Whatever. But the pho's good, definitely not the best I've had, but good. They also have the best Thai tea, and the egg rolls are decent.
4	Very delicious & cheap!! You must try #112, seriously amazing veggie soup! Also, the spring rolls are delicious. Everything just tastes fresh and yummy. Not to mention for 3 people, 3 entrees, 2 appetizers, and 2 drinks, less than $30. Definitely will be going back and back and back again.
5	Great Springrolls!!! Gets packed around 6.
5	This was my first time trying pho, and I was hooked.  After trying from a few other places since, I have to say I may not have become a fan had I not had the first three pho meals from here.  Awesome food, prices and service.
4	What can I say that hasn't already been said in the previous 149 reviews? Probably very little.- extremely busy- incredible amount of caucasian customers for a Vietnamese restaurant- if you expect clean, don't go here (pretty much true for every Vietnamese restaurant in the valley with the exception of Saigon Nights in Scottsdale)- parking can be challenging- the crepe appetizer is very tasty- pho, banh mi are up to par- the broken rice combo plates are quite good.- solid restaurant but not specialI can't help but wonder how it is possible for them to make that much pho each day.
1	The pho soup i had was very greasyTaste like lard in itService is not too friendlyServer Never came by to ask me for more waterPortion is small,hardly any meat in it,lowQuality meat ,very chewy for well done beef
5	This is a place that the food is exquisite and the workers are very friendly. simple restaurant but the taste millionaire :) I love it
4	Love the food and what a great prices, how can they pull it off. Ate there twice now and would live to go more often if I had the chance. Service is great and friendly. Great young coconuts with loads of juice and meat for a great pirce. The 1 star missing is for the gross high chair we recieved for my child. I had to go to the car to get a cover to have him sut in it. Also the floor and walls can use a serious scrub down. However the food is so awesome, I'll see it through, just here.
4	More than just Pho`You sit at long almost communal tables with just a small gap separating you from your neighbor.Prices are low but the portion sizes match that so order a few things.There is a great Veggie selection, spring rolls noodle dishes even a pho like soup.The service is fast.The food it self is quite good, both the noodle dish and the veggie pho I had were great was was the veggie spring roll.Parking is tight up front but there are more spots in back.
4	Having moved office to the Central Ave Corridor vicinity, I've been checking out some new restaurants in the area. I was delighted to know that 43rd Express, my previous favourite Phoenix Vietnamese place, was just a few miles down the road. However, a workmate told me about Pho Thanh and took me there for a meal. And it's now become my favourite V diner.I'd read a number of reviews on Yelp indicating that this place is one of those hole-in-the-wall gems, and to tell the truth it's not much to look at from the outside, just a dodgy door and blacked out windows in a nondescript brick building. But you kinda get a bit of a shock when you walk in, because it's WAY bigger on the inside than you'd have guessed standing in the carpark. Seedyish, and very popular. I saw all sorts of people inside, not just Asians. That's always a good sign. Sat down and got my usual - pho dac biet, xe lua. Delivered quick and piping hot. Gigantic bowl. Tasted fantastic, although pretty light on the tendon chunks, which are my absolute favourite bits in the soup. I also got a fresh coconut and had a joyous time draining it then scraping out the soft flesh with a long-handled spoon, feeling at times like a monkey with a damn cookie jar. They accept credit cards, which is awesome - 43rd Express does not, and since Pho Thanh essentially serves more pho in their bowl with the same quality I don't think I'll be returning to 43rd anytime soon; I'm also not keen on having to use an ATM first every time I want to eat there. Get a credit card processing system in place, sheesh.Four stars. Lots of room inside, busy at lunchtime, good amount of chow, great taste, other Yelpers really like it (we're a discerning bunch, right?) and not too far from work. Oh, and the credit card thing. I don't mind the fact that they've got these long tables where you could potentially be elbow-to-elbow with a stranger, either. Just an overall decent place to fill up at, with or without a crowd of workmates.
4	First, my wife hates this place.  I guess it is not fancy enough for her taste,  But this guy loves it!!!  I sneak away and make the drive from the 51 and 101 down to Camelback whenever I get the chance,  I love dives whith great food, and this place fills the bill.  THis week I struck again.  Always have the spring rolls with peanut sauce for $2.50 for 2 great way to start my meal.  THis week I had the pho with beef, tripe, tendons and more.  AFter adding all the sprouts, basil, peppers and more to the dish along with various hot sauces I dove in to heaven,  Even though I may never get my .water refilled or a visit from the wait staff after the initial order, I could care less.  That's what happens at a dive, but the food is outstanding and low cost.  Plus I can eat in peace and quite without havin got listen to my wife gripe about the ambiance.  Life is good.
3	First of all, I have to say you cant beat the price here.  $6 Pho, come on now!!However, I wasn't too fond of the food itself.  I mean, it was OK but not "I have to drive 45 minutes just so I can come here to eat lunch" good.  We happen to be in the area and Yelp showed us the way.  The spring roll was meh ... not super fresh but it wasn't unfresh either.  Hard to explain but I definitely wouldn't get it again here and the peanut sauce was actually not good at all.  I was really disappointed with the sauce.I ordered their meat pho and the flavor was good.  I definitely think the place is good enough to try but when we are in the area - which is not often - we'll prob find another pho joint to try out.  For the price and "ok" food, you will enjoy.
5	THis is my favorite V resturant in Phoenix. I typically go here for lunch or dinner. The food is extremely well priced, and the food always tastes great. While their Pho is great, I recommend the Bun.
3	I have been coming here for years now. I keep coming back because I love Vietnamese food.  The prices here are super reasonable. I mean how can you beat $4.50 for a bowl of pho?  There tons of items on the menu for less than $6.00. Everything on the menu is pretty solid. Is it the best Vietnamese food ever, not even close. But I compare everything here to the wonderful Vietnamese food I had in California. I'm a bit of a pho snob too. Sadly I will be back when I need a pho fix since my options are pretty limited in Phoenix.The service here leaves much to be desired. Come here for some solid Vietnamese place and don't expect a fancy place with great service and you'll be ok.
4	The Pho here is excellent and the price is even better! It's not in the way of ambience but it's not too shabby either. Went here with 3 friends and everyone was very happy with their food. You know everyone is satisfied when not a word is spoken until everyones done eating..
5	I love this restaurant!!! First off I always appreciate a great dive joint but to top that, the food is incredible and very reasonable in price. Now I'm no expert in Vietnamese food but considering the place is always packed with Vietnamese people I have to believe that's a good sign. If you're feeling adventurous I highly recommend coming here.
5	This place is a little hole in the wall who serves the best pho. The environment is very simple, but you will be impressed on why this spot is completely packed during lunch hours. Their food is tasty, flavorful, and it comes at a cheap price ($4-7 per gigantic bowl of pho). This location also got featured in Phoenix Magazine (July 2012) Cheap Eats across the valley! Check them out!!!
5	We go here at lease once a week; The portions and prices are fantastic as is the quality; Wherever we go the place is packed and it is about 75% non-vietnamese because the word has gotten out with the rest of us! I get the XL bowl which is a $6.50 Pho bowl that my husband and I split; We also get cuon spring rolls (the non-fried ones with shrimp) and a bahn mi all for $13! I can't say enough great things about this place, and you can just call in advance and get it to go as well. We have recently started trying an entree as well and have never had anything bad. Try this place and it will be a go to when you are too tired/hot to cook
5	My pants get tight when I think about Pho Thanh.There is little else that I can say that would more accurately convey my love for this restaurant.
5	best pho i have found in the city!!!!!!! must try!
4	One of the better Pho places in Phoenix. It's cheap, the food is consistently good, and it is fast. My husband and I love getting pho, vermicelli, and their sandwiches. Between the two of us we end up spending no more than $15 (w/tax) and we are full! Great place to get your pho fix.Don't expect top notch service or a smile, then you won't be disappointed with this place.
3	We ate here on Friday night.  The food was good, but our server and the location sucks ass.As soon as we pulled into the parking lot (we got the last parking spot in the whole lot) we were accosted by some cracked out, black dude looking for a couple of bucks.  We told him we had ONE dollar and he looked annoyed that we didn't have more.  I scrounged around in my purse for the dollar as he peppered my husband (who was halfway in the car unbuckling the baby from her carseat) with questions about if we also had some change we could give him too, my husband repeatedly said NO we had ONE dollar.  After I slipped the dollar to my husband he offered it to Mr. Crack Head who promptly snatched it up and started across the parking lot to hit up the other people pulling in, and my husband was so pissed that he didn't even have the decency to say "thanks" that he started yelling after him about learning some manners.  Ugh!!   Anyway, we get inside and I have half a mind to complain to the restaurant management that they have someone outside harassing all their patrons, but the cold stare from the less than friendly server we had, a young Vietnamese dude with a neck tattoo, dissuaded me from attempting anything more than giving him my order number.  I can understand that a young man in his mid-twenties (?) probably doesn't want to be working tables in (presumably) his family's restaurant at 7:30 on a Friday night, and I can even imagine that maybe, just maybe, his English isn't that good (but I kinda doubt it, he was probably born and raised in the US, unlike the older man at the register), but I simply can't understand why he couldn't fake a smile for us and make us feel slightly less like annoyances, and more like valued guests here to spend their hard cash and enjoy dinner??     Okay rant over, sorry.So we both ordered the beef Pho with brisket and the food arrived within a blazingly fast 5 minutes.  The soup was hot, hearty and delicious!  No complaints there.  At the same time we ordered the food we each also ordered the sweet young, whole coconut for drinks and, unfortunately, it took another 10 minutes for the coconuts to arrive.  But when they did arrive they were delicious.We were never checked on after we had our food and our drinks were dropped off at our table, but I guess that's okay since we didn't need anything else and we were able to make due without our server's cold stare and indifferent attitude.  Anyway, the food is fast, cheap and delicious.  The bill was only $16 for Pho and coconut drinks for 2 adults.  You can't beat that price with a stick. Minus a star for the awful location.  Minus a star for the crappy server.  Aside from that the food is worth braving the location and service.I think that if the management could tell 'Neck Tattoo' to smile and pretend to be friendly, and to check on the guests at least once, it'd do A LOT to help with the customer service perception.Oh, and maybe also invest in a security guard to chase the panhandling, crack head out of the parking lot too...  ;)
3	We tried this place after reading most of the reviews.  I had rice noodle soup w/ fishballs, squid, shrimp & veggies and hubby had shredded pork sandwich.   Both were good and plenty of food.  The pork sandwich was so cheap, it was hard to believe it wasn't a typo.  Beats a Subway anyday!  The neighborhood is a bit shady but if you don't mind that, it is fine.  Service was quick and we will definitely revisit this place.  People kept pouring in during the dinner hours.  Can't beat the price!
5	Reminds me of home. (SF) Efficient, unfriendly service, great food, low prices. Pho Gha with heaps of fresh sides priced at 6.50 or something and a banh mi ($3) and some spring rolls for my fat hunny. Totally packed on a Saturday afternoon- expansive menu, vietnamese ice coffee served properly. I can't wait to go back.
4	Definitely different for your average white boy.  Go for number 39
3	I'm only giving it three stars because my friends cannot get enough of this place. I really can't stand the food and don't want to imagine what the kitchen looks like. The service is not so hot either.
5	Exactly what a hole in the wall Pho place should be like! Totally reminds me of LA, SF or any authentic Pho place in any multi-cultural city. Congrats Phoenix for not being completely white bred and redneck- must give thanks to center city.Anyhow, portions are large, ingredients taste fresh and prices are inexpensive. If you're one of the sheltered folk out here that gets freaked out by rude bums or the lack of decor- stay in the shelter of your HOA tract home or go to the mall.
4	This place doesn't look like much on the outside, but the pho is good and cheap (the broth isn't quite as good as Noodles Ranch in Scottsdale, but it's a whole lot cheaper).  The bun thit nuong has pork patties on it - didn't taste bad, but I'm used to grilled, thinly sliced pork pieces, so I wouldn't order that again.  This place is crazy busy at lunch, but food comes out fast.
4	The food is super authentic.  We were recommended to this restaurant and when we walked in we thought "this is going to suck"....and we were wrong.  It was terrific food.  I could have done without the bright lights but the Banh Mi was worth it.
5	There food is soooooo scrumptious and mouth watering. I am literally addicted to this place!!!! Their Pho Tai is so amazing! I live in avondale and I drive 25 min there once a week and get some Pho Tai and the spring rolls because it's that good and for a great price too!!!Would recommend to anyone!!!!
4	After trying another nearby Vietnamese place, I decided to check out something slightly closer to where I live. I love Pho. Period. The other two places I went didn't quite have the quality I've experienced at Pho Thanh. The Pho I've ordered here have just been a tad more consistent than the alternatives. I also enjoy the environment slightly better than the others. It seems more welcoming. Plus, I'm used to it now after several trips here.Pho is also a great meal after a drink or two in a local pub. Always filling and cheap. I took a girl who I work with here and now we've been spending more time together. Coincidence? I think not. Thanks Pho Thanh!
3	Pretty good Pho. Atmosphere was nice reminded me of home. (CA) If you are looking to get some Pho on a sunday morning after a night of drinking I would recommend this place. But if you are like most yelpers who seem to be looking for a 5 star wine and dine place I suggest you go elsewhere. This place is cool tho.
5	This is honestly the Best Pho soup in Arizona and I have been nearly everywhere! Thai food and Pho soup are my 2 favorite things to eat becides salads and veggies! Pho Thanh has big giant boals of mouth watering pho soup with amazing broth that will make your nose run (after you load it with all your fresh herbs) and your heart warm. They are not the friendliest people there, but I don't care, the Pho soup is freakin amazing and that's ALL I care about. I truly have not been to a Japanese restaurant that gives you good service anyway, so I would never review on their service. Just try the Pho soup here, it's totally worth the drive no matter where you are coming from. Also, the egg rolls are awesome too, not the spring rolls, the egg rolls. I'm not downing the spring rolls, I just haven't ordered them so I can't give an opinion either way on those. Thanks and have a Happy Day!Fay
4	Among the best Vietnamese cuisine experienced, and at rock bottom prices. Great pho, along with a stir fry noodle dish with a variety of vegetables. But don't order anything with shrimp. Let's just say it was fishy. And take extra care in the neighborhood, it's not safe.
5	I get serious cravings for this place. I want it right now.  I just wish it was closer and I would eat there so much more.We used to go there a lot when I was in school. It is the best pho I have ever had. It is delicious and amazing. I do not know how they do it. It has so many great vegetables inside it, and the broth is so aromatic. I also left my wallet there one day. I didnt realize it till 800 PM the NEXT day as I was leaving for the AIRPORT! OMG I was freaking out. I called and they were closing. I was so scared I wouldnt be able to get on the plane. I told them my situation and one of the employees stayed in his car till I got there 25 minutes later, after they were closed. He wouldnt even take a tip! I had to throw the money in his car and leave. It was so wonderful of them, and I will never forget it. I was able to get on the plane and it worked out.I have nothing more to say about this place. It has great food. Its is super cheap. It comes out fast. Its healthy. What more can you want? Go there right now.
5	I'll be honest.  This place may look like a total hole in the wall from the outside and is not much to look at on the inside.  Guess what, that doesn't matter in the slightest.  Not only is the Pho the best Pho I've had in Arizona (can't say best ever, as I've had some great Pho in the Bay Area), but the prices here are incredibly, incredibly reasonable.
5	The staff here wear shirts that say "Eat more Pho" and I agree.This place has great food and has now become a weekend religion for my wife and I.  With so many options on the menu I can not pick a favorite, but the egg-rolls are a great starter, any Pho you pick is good, and the Banh Mi's have been great.Fair warning, do not expect 5,4, or 3 star service, this place is about the food.  A tip for first timers, note your table number (located on the condiment tray) and pay at the counter.  If you don't finish your food there are self serve to go containers by cashier.  "Eat more Pho" Phoenix!
4	Pretty good. The pho seemed like it lacked a little flavor. But I have had multiple experiences at another pho restaurant where one bowl would be delicious, while another would be very bland. So I will  not knock them for that. I always get shrimp spring rolls, and those were very good. My friend got the fried spring rolls, he loved them. I would go back to give them another chance.
4	Good food. Not enough seating and often gets busy. If you're white, they treat you with royalty. It's not a race thing, it's an Asian thing. The fancier you dress, the more they pay attention to you. Don't expect water to be constantly filled, you have to ask them. They aren't on top of it but that's how Asian places are. The Pho is great. Just about everything on the menu is good. Try it out. Go early.
2	This was okay, but I've definitely had better!
5	Great for Pho. Best place in town, truly authentic. Reasonably priced, and delicious every time!
5	A great deal for awesome Pho.  I've tried Pho at 2 or 3 places in Phoenix, and can't say that I know what Pho is "supposed to taste like", but I crave this.  The amount of cilantro, basil and razorgrass (?) that comes with the Pho really adds to the flavor.  For anyone complaining about service, I think that it is more an issue of expectation - they bring my food within 10 minutes of ordering.  They fill my water glass if they notice it.  It's better to think of this place as being more like "cafeteria-style" rather than a sit down restaurant - they're curt, but quick, which they have to be considering how busy they always are.Also, it's so affordable, I can eat here without feeling like I'm dining out since I don't think I could make such good food for less at home.
4	Their Pho seems to be a miracle cure for colds. Their spring rolls are also quite tasty. I've only done take out here, so can't comment on service. Prices are great, lots for your dollar.
5	I only come to Phoenix once a year for a weekend, and I make sure to eat at Pho Thanh at least twice. Great food, even better prices, and I always enjoy my visit. Great to see that they expanded their seating last year to better accommodate diners.
4	Service is fast. Pho is delicious, and the price is right. Will be coming back again and again when I'm craving pho!
5	Good food, reasonable price and good service! I wish Pho Thanch has opened one branch in Scottsdale.
3	The prices are unbeatable. The menu is extensive. My husband loves beef so this was the perfect place for him. Unfortunately, this restaurant is not vegetarian or pescetarian friendly so I will not be returning for myself, but I will pick up take out for the hubby.
5	Great food.  Great price.  It is hard to beat if you are looking for that perfect hole in the wall Viet restaurant.  Service is spotty when they are busy so go in with that understanding and you will not be disappointed or aggravated.  The excellent food and low price more than make up for the inconsistent service.  The Pho is awesome.  The fresh roles are really good and inexpensive.  A feast for 2 for under $20 is no problem!  The restaurant can get very busy so off-times like mid-afternoon assure immediate seating and better service.  We did take-out for a dinner party once and plated it ourselves at home and it really wowed everybody...the looks were beatiful and it tasted even better.  There are lots of Viet traditional dishes on the menu to explore.  Going here can be an adventure if you want to explore beyond the Pho.
4	Nothing beats homemade pho but this comes pretty close.  It is the best pho that I've had in Phoenix and super cheap.
3	I think I have to go three stars. Perhaps having lived in CA has me a bit biased. 1st: The food and price is probably 4 1/2 stars. Very good taste. But they could put a bit more chicken in the Pho. The shaker beef was very tasty, but the quality of the meat could have been a bit better.2nd: The service. It absolutely stinks. The service is really a one star rating. My wife and I got two dishes for us to share. When I asked if we could have an additional bowl, and plate. The guy just looked away and spoke something in Vietnamese then left. Was there any check back to see if everything was ok? NOCould I get a refill on my water? NOWas there a smiling face in the place? NO
4	Delicious!  This place really filled up fast after 7pm.  Service was brisk and efficient, pho was great!
5	I think its by far the best pho I had in Arizona.  I'm from L.A. and this is the only place that I came by that is comparable.
3	The food is great, quick, cheap, and something I'd normally come back for. Probably some of the best pho I've had in a while. What stops me from coming back though is the rather curt and dismissive service we experienced in this place. If service is not important to you, then this is something to check out, but with service being half of the experience in my book, we're not coming back.
3	I've been spoiled with good viet food in San Jose and LA/OC.  This place was just ok.  Of course, everything's relative so maybe I'll adjust after trying some other viet places around.  Ordered bo nuong la nho (beef wrapped in grape leaves), com tam tau hu ky  thit nuong (broken rice with shrimp/beancurd and bbq pork), and canh chua ca (tamarind soup with catfish). Canh chua was pretty good - nice balance of flavors with okra, pineapple, bean sprouts, etc.  The beef/grape leaves had a good flavor but the meat itself was a little bit dry.  The bun noodles it was served with was dry. One of my pet peeves at vietnamese restaurants it old bun that has been sitting out. It's cheap and takes a few minutes to boil...just make a new batch! Really disappointed in the broken rice.  The bean curd was stale, not crispy like it should have been.  The thit nuong flavor and texture were weird -  def not like any thit nuong I've seen before.  If I'm back I won't be ordering that again. I haven't tried the pho broth but my friend said it was decent on a previous visit.  Price was where it should be (cheap!) for a Vietnamese restaurant.  The place is pretty large and had a lot of guests during our visit.  Don't expect great service. If you need something, flag them down and ask.  That's just how it works.
4	This restaurant deserves 5-stars for its great food, great price (less than $6 for almost all main dishes), and great authentic selections. It's one of the best Vietnamese Restaurants in the Phoenix area.  Broth has so much flavor, good portions for all noddle soup and rice plates, and also have good variety of desserts to choose from.  To me, their service is typical for an Asian restaurant that doesn't overcharge you for good food.  By Western standards, their service is lacking (better if you speak the language).  They do seat you right away even when they are busy, and food comes out fast, but don't expect much more than that.  They do accept all major credit cards.  You can eat a lot for 2 people at this place under $20!
4	In Phoenix we all are subject to a number of poor food choices that claim they're "authentic", and its anything but. However all is not lost: Behold the great Pho Thanh, the best Vietnamese food in the valley. Lets slurp up a bowl of pho-knowledge in this review on this restaurant!~Fud/Drink~This small, unassuming restaurant off of Camelback has amazing flavors popping out of the kitchen. The Pho is fresh, not made from different canned ingredients. The dishes are out of this world and very much authentic. For a good starter, the spring rolls they make are huge and sumptuous. With mint, shrimp, and pork, my personal favorite is Goi Cuon. As for entrees, by far the best out of my first three visits is #31 on the menu, Mi Xao Don . The freshly cooked veggies along with cooked pork and fresh broth-boiled seafood mix amazingly together atop a bed of crispy egg noodles. If you can stand waiting a few minutes, I suggest crushing the noodles, add a bit of soy sauce/ other sauces, and let the noodles soak it all in. All the dishes are succulent, savory, and the prices for the quantity of food is out of this world. I have left each time with leftovers, the portions are that big. They have over 100 separate dishes, the list is extensive, to say the least. They do not serve alcohol here, however the list of soft drinks and traditional Vietnamese offerings like baby coconut milk or thai tea is......extensive once again. ~Atmosphere/Service~This is the reason they lose a star. I am not a big atmosphere person, unless it simply detracts from the experience all-together. There are three separate issues to point out. First, the music and decor in the restaurant....they  are "interesting". They have it seemingly on a looped CD with Vietnamese covers of popular American music. I cannot tell a lie, at one point "She Bangs" came on... I hadn't heard that in over 5 years, folks. The decor is once again "interesting" and detracts from the experience. Instead of adding to the atmosphere and putting up traditional pictures or decor, they have two separate posters of a woman threading a blanket. TWO posters....as if one is not enough. Second, is the bathroom. You can smell it as you walk towards it. They seem to not have a scheduled time to clean up the bathroom each day, its pretty bad. Third, the service is extremely prompt, let me make this abundantly clear.  Faster than I have seen at most food establishments for that matter. But if you were to ask them for recommendations, it may prove to be difficult, as they are in a hurry to service other tables. We do not get many smiles or get asked how we are doing....To be honest, I am sure its a cultural thing. I shrug it off, if you take things like that to heart then you need to check yourself. Overall, these aren't hideous issues, but a star lost is more than fair, in my mind.~Extras/Rating~Overall, the food is outstanding. They get 4 stars for variety of choices, quality/taste of food, price point in comparison to quanitity, and lightning fast service. But honestly, "She Bangs"?  If not for those issues, its a 5 star top choice for me. Regardless, this has become my favorite go-to spot locally. I have gone 3 times the past two weeks, and at some point this week and next I shall go again....and I can't wait. Bring on the Pho Thanh, I say!!!  Enjoy!
4	I'm a huge fan of Pho, what's better than a great big bowl of broth with some meat, veggies and noodles. I have had a hard time finding Pho in Phoenix, which btw would be a great Pho restaurant name (Pho Phoenix), anyway Yelp led my gf and I to Pho Thanh. Very authentic Vietnamese place with great  a huge selection of Pho and other Vietnamese dishes. I would recommend the tofu over the beef. Great prices and great Pho.
5	I had the PHO, and it was excellent! There was a lot of meat and noodles. The soup was much better than a lot of other places I've tried, and I'm from San Diego, so I've tried a lot. It is very inexpensive for what you get. I strongly recommend PHO THANH.
4	The food is delicious no doubt , but am giving it 4 stars because of their service. I had to yell and wave my hands just to take my order.
4	I went to Pho Thanh because I was in the mood for some great Vietnamese and the reviews won me over. I went on a Saturday about 11am and was a bit confused by the customer formed order line vs. paying customer line. We were pleasant enough to allow the next person in line to go through ahead of us and I placed my order for vegetarian spring rolls on rice vermicelli and egg noodles served with stir fry vegetables with NO TOFU. I waited off to the side by the take out cartons and was impressed by how quickly the staff got the food out to the tables and the fact that the entire restaurant was full, consisted of a mixed crowd and people obviously loving what they were eating. My food came about 15 minutes after I placed my order and I raced home to eat. Unfortunately, there was shrimp in my "veggie" egg rolls. My mother is deathly allergic, thankfully, I am not but I don't like shrimp at all. Luckily, I spotted them and just pulled them out. My veggie noodle stir fry had tons of tofu in it, so I pulled that out as well. The food was good but I was upset that they didn't really pay close attention to my order. I'll definitely go again, but I'll dine in, so if my order is incorrect, I can have them fix it. I'll also try Da Vang to see how they compare.
5	The service here is bad, they don't care to give you a refill, or even smile. Bathrooms aren't clean... Blah blah.. Despite this, Still gets 5 stars because the PHO is that dang good, and the spring rolls are a must. Come, get... It.
4	Great Pho, even better prices! Very authentic hole in the wall type place. Always with a line out the door. If you are in the area and in the mood for Pho, this place is won't let you down.
3	Pretty good! Found another Thai place we like better pretty close by though.
4	So far, this has been the best pho takeout place I've encountered in Phoenix/Tempe.The broth is EXQUISITE. It smelled a little funky but it tastes fabulous. Hearty, flavorful, and extremely satisfying. PHO = BROTH. I would give ten stars for their broth if I could.I like that they separate the cilantro and onions from the noodles (in the takeout box). I don't mind having raw onion in the broth to add a little more flavor, but I hate that lingering taste.I would have given them a full five stars, but their chicken meat is rubbery and dry. Probably the quality of the beef is better since beef can be served rare and cook a little in the hot broth, but I don't like fatty meats. Also, it's a bit pricier than expected for pho. Back home in Colorado, I could get a large bowl of pho for under $6.50. Here, it comes to just under $8.
5	I went to this place on my lunch at about 11:00. I sat down and ordered  had my food in less than 5 minutes. The the pho was delicious and super cheap! I got a bowl of beef pho for 4.50! I could not have been happier with the quality of food and service.
5	Saw the good reviews, stopped in for lunch and I am impressed.
4	Awesome Pho!  One of the best in the valley.  Probably the BEST bang for the buck for Pho.
2	So this was our first time here tonight. The food is a solid 4 stars. The customer service however is a different matter. Young thug wannabes as servers complete with neck tattoos and "i don't care" attitudes. My wife ordered the beef Pho and was well pleased with all aspects of the tasty soup and lean beef. Plenty of garnish choices made for a nice meal for her. I ordered the #80 clay pot catfish. Again, taste wise, it was really good. Portion size however, was very small. Two pieces of catfish (not filet), some broth and a couple of stalks of green onion. After removing skin and bones, there actually was very little fish there. We ordered an additional catfish dish to take home to my son. When we got home, there were two half portions of rice in the bag. Nothing else. We went back and while they did apologize, the reason was "we are busy". Uh, yeah. Even though the food is quite tasty, the small portions, lack of customer service and "I don't care attitude" translates to WE WON'T BE BACK.
3	The pho was good.  Broth, really good.  Four stars for my bowl of Pho Ga.  The place is a pit grimy, kinda dirty.  Nothing special, but authentic.  My big complaint was my veggie spring rolls.  Tasteless, and the tofu tasted old and was super dry.  Was not a fan.  My friends both got veggie dishes... one thought hers was okay the other did not at all like hers.  If you are just going for a good bowl of pho, this place will hit the spot..  avoid other menu items...
5	Best pho takeout place I've been to in Arizona. Quick service. Broth is excellent, meat, not so much. Price is pretty much average. Thumbs up!
5	Don't be intimidated, as the exterior and location screams GHETTO.  Like, as in seeing the same crackheads chilling outside the door every time you come type of ghetto.  Back in our clubbing/blacking out in bathrooms/barfing out our nasal cavity days, this was the spot the next Sunday morning for a bowl of hangover soup.  I'd like to think those days are far gone but do still occur from time to time, but I digress.....  The fact that my peeps and I still frequent  this place just to enjoy the food as non intoxicated human beings, is a good sign.  + Pre apology to Pho Thanh and all other pho places and all the vietnamese moms, but my mama's pho is the best.  With that being said, this place has pretty decent pho.  I tend to like my broth with a liiiiiitle more fat, as I feel Pho Thanh's broth is more "lean", if you will.  But it's still full of the right flavors, none of which over powers the other.  It's pretty consistent and that's KEY.  + Hu Tieu Bo Kho ( Beef Stew with Rice Noodle) - recently, I've taken a liking to this particular dish.  I have been getting it every time I come here, which is every other week.  It's nothing like american  beef stew, which can be thick and heavy in texture.  Bo Kho is more soupy/watery, but its flavor is super rich without being too much, and has a slight sweetness that blends extremely well with all the spices and herbs.  I love to dress my Bo Kho with the sate paste, extra cilantro and bean sprouts, and I request the wide rice noodle instead of the regular ones.+Com Tam (Broken Rice) - Their rice dishes have a good selection/variety of toppings.  I usually just  get the broken rice with pork chop, and also request an egg over easy on top. Soooo simple but delish.  +Eggrolls - Not out of this world, but probably the best I've had in a vietnamese restaurant.+Chao Ga (Chicken Rice Porridge ) -  Ever heard of the saying... show me your friends, and i'll tell you who you are?  Well, show me your rice porridge, and i'll tell you if suck.  And Pho Thanh doesn't.  It's comparable to home made rice porridge, with the perfect amount of chicken broth flavor, consistency is not too thick or thin, and its actually RICE porridge, not a bland bowl of water with a few grains of rice floating around.  I've yet to try and explore other menu items but these are the ones that really stand out in my mind right now and just remember that my 5 star review is based off of these alone.  I didn't factor in service and ambiance, because there isn't any.  Don't expect anyone to come by to ask how your food is.  I think they know their food is good.  Don't expect anyone to refill your water unless they aren't busy, and they usually are.
5	This was my first pho experience in Phoenix, and, as you might've guessed by my five-star rating, I wasn't disappointed.I'll start off with a disclaimer about the location: it's in one of Phoenix's sketchier areas, and I've never not seen a homeless person walking around in the strip mall it's located in. That being said, if you go in the day you should be fine. I can't speak to how ghetto it might get at night.This isn't one of those Vietnamese places that invests a lot in ambiance. You walk in and usually are greeted by a busy wait staff and plenty of customers. I've never had to wait long for a table though. Compared to places I've been in Tucson, Albuquerque and California, the prices are a steal - a little over $5 for a decent sized bowl of some of the best pho I've ever had. One of the other reviewers praised the broth, and I have to agree - no need to drown it with hoisin and sriracha too much. They don't skimp on garnishings like some of the other places I've been too either. Their spring rolls make an excellent appetizer. If you're not in the mood for pho, feel free to grab one of their banh mi - also decently priced and plenty of bang for your buck.All in all, a great place, and one that I look forward to returning to.
4	This is a weekly stop for me if I have any thing to say about it!  This is the second place I have ever had Pho, the first was great and I was happy to find this place in Phoenix.  It has since turned me into a discerning Pho critic.  I klike this place.  Service is cold, but consistent, food is great.  Newbies may want to stick to the basics, but get away from the pho and springrolls and it is great.
4	The broth is usually fantastic here. I usually order the 113 and it is delicious. The spring rolls are a little dry but also delicious. The interior is nicer than most hole in the wall dives but comfort is not the main goal. Service is fast. Try the pho. You won't be disappointed in the broth!
4	Love this place. Yummy and great service. Hands down a fan
3	So I went here because da vang was closed on Wednesdays, who knew. I told my parents "my friend swears by this place. Though last time I was here, it was just okay." And it happened again, its just okay. The pho is not bad, but good luck trying to get more veggies. And they serve lemon not lime. They are attentive, but in the end I don't think I'll be going back.  But who knows.
5	I eat here at least once a week.  It is delicious, and cheap.  You can't beat a lunch for under $5.  The spring rolls and the #12 beef pho are good if you're looking for a basic meal.  The cafe sua da is delicious, but you have to be patient for the coffee to drip down.  If you're looking to test your manliness, challenge yourself with #54.
5	The service was great. The food was really good. This was my first time going there and was very impressed by both the service and the quality of the food. I ordered spring rolls and pho. That was too much food for one person. I was glad to have arrived before the lunch rush because there was a huge line by the time I was done and ready to pay. The crowds were very mixed and that can only speak of the great food served here. I can't wait to bring my mom here!
4	A whole bunch of years ago, a man brought me to Pho Bang on a 'friend date'. It was my first experience with Vietnamese food - and I was hooked! on the food, not on him.Countless visits to Pho Bang, and just as many to the newer, larger, cleaner incarnation - Pho Thanh!While my standby has been an order of spring rolls, a bowl of pho and a cafe sua da (sweetened iced coffee), I've been all over the menu. The bun bowls, the specialty plates, all the appetizers, the banh mi (sandwiches). And I have been happy every visit.I've had men bring me here on first, or at least early dates - as a litmus test for their appreciation of ethnic dives.I've met dear friends here for catch-up on life meals.I've come many times with my former neighbor or my roommate(s) - because when the craving hits, it seems to hit everyone at once.When I start to feel a cold coming on, I think pho is a better medicine than chicken noodle soup!I love this place!
4	When I'm sick, I get Pho Tai and add a lot of spice! Knocks it right out of me, and for only $5..ummm yeah!  I love this place, with such a great variety of choices, it can be a bit overwhelming.  It's Vietnamese and made to serve the Asian community.  Don't expect it to be in any way to be suited for american taste buds.  Those with an international taste buds will appreciate the flavors of the entrees.   Cheaper than some fast food joints and with veggies served on the side who can pass up a bowl of Pho or Bun for under $10!
4	Ate here for the first time this evening. Could see walking in that it was packed so we were worried about a long wait. Luckily we were seated right away due to the steady flow of people going in and out. Located in a strip mall area with a few other Asian stores and restaurant, this place is definitely a simple, no-frill joint. In an open lit-up room filled with tables and chairs sat very diverse groups of customers. I liked the casual atmosphere but was less impressed with the lack of customer service. They weren't rude by any means, but don't expect any friendly chit-chats or having the server check up on you often.  After our order was taken by our nice waitress, it was a while before we got our food. When the food finally came, I found it amusing when a man solemnly placed a tray with our food on the table and started just handing out the bowls of pho in silence. It made no difference who ordered what so we passed the food around the table. Since we dine out often, the lack of customer interaction was new, but I think common at many Asian restaurants. It's not about the customer service, but the food. And let me tell you- the food was VERY good. Not to mention- CHEAP! I was not impressed with the Spring rolls (it tasted bland to me) but the pho & broth was very delicious and flavorful. The perfect choice for the cold weather. It's nice to see that they were generous with the meat, unlike a few other restaurants. Everyone enjoyed their food and I'm certain we'll definitely return to try other things on the menu. Throughout our meal, no one checked on us or refilled our water. We had to flag the waitress down and she rectified the situation. To make up for the lack of service, I was glad we weren't given a hard time for splitting the bill. There wasn't a minimum for using your card, unlike a lot of other Vietnamese places. They were very nice about it actually.Overall, it was a decent experience. The yummy food and price will definitely keep the customers coming! Although it's kind of far from me, I wouldn't mind returning when I'm in the mood for some good Vietnamese food.
5	awesome place i will be back again soon.
5	Best chicken pho I have ever had in Phoenix. The BROTH is HEAVEN!! So yum. Definitely worth it to try. I've only ordered pick up because I work down the street, but I'm sure it is amazing to dine in. The ambiance isn't great. It's a standard Vietnamese set up. It looks like a cafeteria to be honest.If you're on the fence about it you have to GO. Best pho around plus it's under $6.00!!
4	I have moved away from phoenix, but i thought i should still give my opinion since i ate here so often.  consistent good pho.  i've stuck to pretty much that, the rolls and the broken rice combo, and all have been good.  the only thing that i might change is maybe more meat in the bowls...other than thatgood place for pho.
1	EAT A BUG!!!  Ordered the pho tan beef soup and the lettuces/mint sprigs that come with it had big dead bugs on them -- don't they even wash their produce?  Now I wonder how many bugs are in everything else they serve?Service was non-existent, no eye contact either.  Very busy, but I don't know why.  Workers running around like chickens with their heads cut off - maybe they have more business than they can handle well.  IOW, they don't have time to clean the place or wash their produce.Eggrolls super greasy - ick!
5	Delicious Vietnamese spot! Very speedy service. Phenomenal pho tai.. Very fragrant broth! Egg rolls were better than the spring rolls. Beef in the soup was perfect size.. Some times you order pho and the beef is in such huge pieces.. This was perfect bite sizes. Place was super busy even on a Sunday night so I am sure that everything on the menu is great. Will be back to try more.
5	This place is amazing I love their pho dac biet and the rice dice with grilled pork and fried eggs on top.
5	One of the best broths I've ever had. Definitely a hole in the wall type feel. It always seems to be busy, especially around lunch. I highly recommend this place, seeing that I have tried other pho places around town. This place is for sure my top 5.
5	This definitely takes the cake w pho in the valley, IMO. Took my dad here last Sunday night and ppl were waiting for a table by front door.If you're seeking a quiet place for ambience, you prob shouldn't come here. It's sort of down-n-dirty but I think it works for them!Not in the best of neighborhoods either, but don't let that scare you away. There's an Asian massage parlor next door. Do I know if they give happy endings? No, I don't, but you may want to inquire within after you stuff your gullet with steaming pho. Be prepped to get the fuzz called after you bust a move after your body shampoo.Fresh accoutrement served with your soup and cheap prices!! We had 2 seafood soups, 2 apps, and 2 Diet Cokes. Bill was under $20. My kinda establishment.
5	100% Hands Down Best Pho In Town! #12, beef on the side, and #3 all day, baby! I go here at least once a week, some times like 4 time a week, and it's always awesome. Efficient, not super friendly service with consistent legit food. Can't beat it, especially not at this price point! Just wish the place was a little less busy like the good ol' days...
4	Spot on pho than and spring rolls every time! It's quick, very inexpensive, but is not lacking in flavor. Boyfriend and I have tried other things here as well and we haven't been disappointed. On average, your wait time for getting food is about 5 minutes after you walk in the front door. :)
5	LOVE IT! It is not in the best of neighborhoods or very fancy, but the food is authentic, tasty and priced very cheap. I love it! I have gone around a tried others, always comparing to Pho Thanh, can not find any better!
3	The food here is mediocre..pho would be the best..I didn't like the bun bo hue at all..maybe because I have high expectations since I'm used to the food in California..but with the cheap price, I guess it's worth coming. I was very grouchy because I had to wait literally 45 minutes for my food..you know, when you're hungry you want to eat right away..20 mins wait would be reasonable..but 45 minutes? That was too much for me.
5	Pho won't be the same for me anymore. I like my pho like I like my women, cheap, hot, and authentic. Best value for the price.
5	My first time having pho from this restaurant was excellent. It's very tasty. I've been there a few times since moving in October. The staff is nice fast service. Hardly have to wait to be seated. The beef pho always taste the same. I love the spring rolls. I always leave here full.
4	The best Vietnamese I've had in the valley. The service was a little slow on Sunday, but would definitely go back.
5	If you're looking for a place to have a delicious bowl of Pho, or spring-rolls, THIS is the place to go to! They have a variety of soups and other dishes, great drip coffee, and bean desserts- just don't expect a warm welcome or friendly service to go with that! ;-)
1	I don't know all the details exactly but I was just in there the other day and it appeared that they were having a routine health inspection and I didn't mention it at the time but there were a few roaches walking around. . Looks now like the health inspector shut them down for 2 weeks or something like that. . Gross.
5	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the valley. I grew up going to Da Vang but for some reason, I like coming to this place more. Egg rolls and banh xeo are definitely some staple appetizers to get. Every time my mom wants to get together and grab lunch, we come here. I've even introduced this place to some friends and they love it too! It gets busy around lunch time so sometimes, there's a wait for a table but people get in and get out pretty quick.
5	4 million stars!  Well priced, extremely fast, and amazingly delicious food. This has been the saving grace of sick days and busy weeknights were my lovely wifey turns into a food rage monster can only be satiated by a tasty firestorm of pho. Here's looking at your sav r ;) if you don't like pho, it is because you have a problem with yourself Remember, if you over do it with the sriacha.....it is my divine intervention. The furry of the chile gods is testing you to become a stronger person. Persevere. Stay strong.
3	My boyfriend believes this place has the best pho around, and he rants about their spring rolls. I must admit it is all pretty good. That being said I don't care how good the food is when the service is so bad. I don't expect anything over the top when it comes to a vietnamese restaurant, but I do expect to not feel uncomfortable. It seems like a bother to ask for anything (like your water to be refilled). The moment I can convince my boyfriend someone else's rolls are as good I hope we never have to come back.
5	What can I say? This place is a must try. Everything is so fresh. The Pho is incredible. The office goes at least once a week and everyone agrees that this is their favorite restaurant.If you're new try what looks good. Look around ..the place is usually packed. I just started to ask people  around me what was good. I love the birds nest but have been trying new things on the menu. Try it once....you won't regret it.
5	The best Pho in town. I came here once and it changed my life! Thank you for all the great food and quick service!
3	yum.  best pho in phx.  Just don't expect spectacular service, and the restroom could use a scrubbing, everytime I am there, there is never any paper towels to dry hands and it smells like urine.  Good food though!
5	Pho is one of the best I've had in Phoenix. Egg rolls and spring rolls were good, nothing spectacular tho. The lettuce and herbs served with the pho and egg rolls were really fresh, something I look for in a good Vietnamese place. Definitely coming back.
4	Love this place!! Best bowl of Pho in the city, if you ask me. The service is always quick and price is a great value. The interior is a little institutional in nature, for a churn and burn pace, but delicious food, quick service and a huge menu give it the edge that the ambiance lacks. When food is stellar, a hole in the wall spot can slide on the less important details.
5	You can't go wrong with this place! Small selection of vegetarian, but amazing food period :))
5	I absolutely love this Vietnamese restaurant. With so much to offer, one cannot resist the temptation of ordering more and more! I personally love the pho noodle dishes along side with my favorite shrimp spring rolls! The service is a bit shabby and is not the full   Dine in experience that most would hope for, but hey, the food makes up for it! I have personally eaten my share of pho and let me tell you, this place is perhaps one of the best! And if you like sweets, try the ice Thai tea! Yum yum yum! My only complaint is the parking lot. My advice is to watch out for other cars, seriously. It can get extremely crowded!
4	I  this place. Where else can you get a massive (I mean death star sized) bowl of Pho for $5.50? The food is really good and the atmosphere is busy, often seemingly cafeteria style, but seriously, who cares. The food is great and you'll never have a complaint.
4	I've heard a lot about Pho Thanh over the years, but I never tried it because I was a little put-off by the uninviting exterior.  I decided to finally give it a try last week and I was happy with the experience!The inside is a lot larger than it looks from the outside.  And the decor/cleanliness is decent, typical Vietnamese restaurant.The spring rolls here are the best I've had in Phoenix (and the cheapest!).  Their spring rolls are around $2.50 where everywhere else it's at least $4-5.  The pho was okay, though I wish it had come with a bit more meat and that the meat had not been so well-done (I like it on the medium rare side).I still prefer Pho Dalat in Tempe (even though it's pricier) but I'll come here when I am craving Vietnamese and don't want to drive to the East Valley.
4	All I can say is I love their Pho and wonton soups. Also their Thai Tea is to die for!! If it wasn't a crazy drive from my place to this restaurant I'll be there at least every other day at least!! ;)
5	In my opinion,  the best Pho spot in Phoenix... I should know,  I tried most of them Lol
4	Solid pho, and I don't even have to add the disclaimer  "..it's good for Phoenix."  Subconsciously (or sometimes out loud) I'm usually comparing the quality of Phoenix restaurants to their counterparts in the LA area - I do this for burgers, ramen, carne asada, boba, whatever - and the food in question always comes up short.   But with Pho Than, the soup is not quite, but pretty close to, the kind of pho that you can find in LA.  Trust me, I've tried the pho numerous times at other valley restaurants - Pho Viet, Angelina's, Maxim, and especially Pho Avina (which is pretty good, but comes in a distant second to Pho Than), and the rich, aromatic, and greasy (in a delicious way) broth of Pho Than comes out on top.  And the price can't be beat either.  Two large bowls, 2-3 orders of egg rolls, a combo fried rice, and a Vietnamese iced coffee or two will all come in under $30, easy.  I've tried many of their broken rice dishes and chef specialties, such as the sizzling filet mignon and pork chop, but the value and flavor of the pho cannot be beat.  Service is nonexistent, and if you're not familiar with Asian waitstaff you might interpret the attitude/demeanor of the servers as rudeness or apathy, but don't let that dissuade you from trying this place out.  Don't let the location or exterior dissuade you either.
5	I had a lunch here today, pretty crowded, it's a good sign. I love this place, it's cheaper than Little Saigon. I'm a big fan now. My favorite is 24a. =)
2	We came here for dinner before heading to a show at the Rhythm Room. I LOVE Vietnamese cuisine and will never pass up a chance to have some! Unfortunately I wish I had this time. I ordered the chicken curry dish. It was the most disappointing curry I've ever had (I love curry and was really excited for this). It was thing, watery, and bland. Very little spice or flavors. Only had half a potato and a few onions, and the chicken - oh god the chicken. It was a whole chicken, including skin, which had been chopped up and thrown into the curry. I tried picking off meat from the little bones, but I came up with little edible chicken. About 1/3 way through the dish I had to stop eating because every other bite resulted in little chicken bone fragments. Gross. My boyfriend got the pho with shrimp and extra veggies. Quite bland as well, and the only veggies that came with it was broccoli. Really? At other Vietnamese restaurants you get tons of different veggies! We both ordered the Vietnamese iced coffee and it was incredible. But it wasn't good enough to make up for the food. :( I'm always sad to have subpar Vietnamese food.
5	Best Bahn Xeo and Pho w/tenderloin we have had in Phx or LA for that matter.  Not the best area or ambiance, but food is so good and inexpensive it makes it part of the fun.  Cannot recommend this place enough.  yum, been there at least 10X!
5	This place was packed!  First indicator that it was good.The food was awesome!  I will be back.
5	Went by last night and first thing noticed was how full the parking lot was...good sign that the food must be great.  My hubby isn't a big fan of Asian cuisine, but I encouraged him to at least try it.  He was quite frustrated by the parking lot issues as some of the people were absolutely rude in their parking etiquette (stopping in the driving lane and just parking and being loud and obnoxious while holding up several cars all around)  Once inside and had placed our to go order, we waited for at least 30 minutes for the food, further frustrating my hubby.  Well, needless to say once we got home and he took one nice bite of the egg roll, all of his feelings of frustration were gone.!  He said it was the best egg roll he has ever had here in Phoenix...after trying the Beef Soup with noodles and Won Ton Soup with veggies, I believe he is hooked.  Next time though I will definitely call our order in and pick it up so we don't have to deal with the insanity of the parking lot.
5	Pho Thanh is settled in the corner of a little strip mall off 19th Ave and Camelback. I've passed it numerous times, but never stopped in. What a delight. The lighting is great and cheery, and the restaurant itself is big and roomy. The staff is meticulous and helpful. I always get the same thing when I get pho, regardless of restaurants, but the expansive menu gave me pause. I went here with a fellow nerdy friend. We both got spring rolls-him, vegetarian, me shrimp. Oh my goodness. Amazing. The peanut sauce was good (although, shhhh, Pei Wei's sauce is better), and the rolls were crazy fresh. Jose said that his rolls were great, as well.Jose ordered some fancy curry pho, which he said was good, but remarked that he wished the chicken wasn't still on the bone. I always hope for charbroiled shrimp on my pho, but they only had boiled. I chose that, and it was good. As per the usual with pho, the serving sizes were massive, and I got full pretty quickly. I was surprised that carrots didn't come with the mint and sprouts, but it was still good. Our server was attentive and made sure the water was full. Although, be warned--when you order soda (like my friend did), it's a can of soda, not from a fountain!All the staff is congenial, the food is great, the prices are extremely reasonable, and the spring rolls are out of this world. Will definitely go back!
1	Well I was going to add a review and pics. Bc I eat here all the time but I have experienced something very displeasing at Pho Thanh every time I go there.Servers and personnel can be very rude and Racist. Food: Delicious! But u get tired of the uncomfortable stares and blatant "we don't want you here" attitude.   Africans would not do this at our restuarants.I recommend Da Vang, they are a bit more welcoming and open minded about all skin colors spending money at there business.
1	Hey Yall....The absolute worst PHO that I've have in my life thus far....I've had PHO from east to west coast and this place was down right digesting. All I ordered was the chicken PHO, which turned out to be a PHO-ING disaster.  No Flavor and ALL OIL....I tired to drain it, soak it up with napkins and bread. After all that work I was done. Maybe the dining in experience is better..I mean it has to be..word to the wise don't let CROWDED PLACES fool you.  :(
5	Hands down, the best pho I've ever had, and that's saying something because I've eaten a lot of pho here in Phoenix and elsewhere. Simply the best broth and fresh, pungent ingredients directly from the Vietnamese market next door.  This is authentic and I can't get over how inexpensive the large bowl is. I come here at least twice a month. If you love pho, do yourself a favor and check this place out.  I love the vegetable pho personally.
5	Best pho ever!!!!! I am very picky about my pho and the taste but here it is perfect! All kind and types and a larger size for extra goodness! Quick service and never here too long. I'm a regular!
5	I love this place!!  I come here mainly when I am craving bo nuong vi.  It's so inexpensive and so delicious!  It's definitely a meal that needs to be shared with at least 1 other person.  Their pho and rice dishes are also delicious.  I haven't had a bad meal here yet.  Their service is not that great, but considering it's a hole in the wall Vietnamese restaurant, you can't expect 5 star service.  That's just how it is.  The restaurant is also quite large but come on a weekend for lunch or for dinner any night of the week, you'll probably expect a wait - but not a long one.
4	Deceiving from the outside but great food inside. Service is okay... Not overly nice but not rude either. We got number 63 and number 141. Both of them were really good. Huge quantities. And very tasty. The food was really fresh and the prices were reasonable. Not a place to go for date night but a good spot to get some good Vietnamese food. Oh and don't visit the bathroom.
3	I do agree the service Is horrible bc they seem rude but I am vietnamese and that's just how the culture is. If you've been to a place with good service is because they are more americanized. Most do not know they're being rude. You just have to be upfront and let them know.
5	Pho Thanh is a great Vietnamese joint that provides delicious Pho to everyone and anyone that enjoys partaking in savory broth goodness. I actually just observed the many bowls and happy guests consuming the large bowls of noodles and broth, and instead partook in the vermecelli dish with pickled vegetables, grilled smokey pork, salad, peanuts and fish sauce to toss all together. It is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes, and Pho Thanh does it well.I got it with a refreshing coconut that was perfectly ripe and a great accompaniment to my lunch. Prices are super reasonable/low compared to the Pho restaurant I have access to in Tucson, AZ. So even if you don't have deep pockets, you can come and enjoy a delicious bowl of Vietnamese food that won't break the bank.Slurp up!
5	I should probably rate this one star so that none of you will come here...it's already packed in here most of the time! Delicious, large portions, cheap, and vegetarian selections on the menu!Our vegetarian favorites are the tamarind soup (I get it without tofu because I don't like that pre-fried tofu they use) and the vermicelli dish.Service, when the place is packed, is not super attentive. When the waitstaff is not swamped, they're more attentive...you can always just go up to the front desk by the kitchen and for some reason, that guy knows everything going on or can find out quickly.
5	The best pho I have ever had! prices are dirt cheap and the food is amazing! Do the spring rolls and you won't regret it. can't say enough good things. It is a little dirty but....well....don't go to a hole in the wall pho house if you want white table cloths.
4	Came here after church and the restaurant is very busy, but it wasn't a long wait for us to get our food, we order beef noodle and the seafood soup, it is very good and it's a great price. Got to say this is one of my favorite place to eat Vietnamese food. I would recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a good soup.
5	Best spot ever. Fresh food, fast service and cheap. If your a soup lover it's the place to be. I usually have the chicken soup, huge bowl for $ 6.50.
3	Got to say the best pho noodle soup I had in a long time, order the number 11 beef noodle soup but the service could be a little better, needed water to refill and had to wait and ask couple of time, bathroom is okay could be cleaner But overall not disappointed. Will be back again to try their other soups options.
4	If you're looking for a good bowl of pho in Central Phoenix, look no further.  We eat here several times a month and the entire family just can't get enough of the pho, even my extremely picky children.  That being said the shaken beef is a lovely sizzling platter of beef and onions with a nice salad and the broken rice is a fun adventure too. The spring rolls leave a bit to be desired but they're not bad. The only warning I'd give is don't expect amazingly friendly customer service.  The goal here is to get people in and get them food.  Don't drag your feet on placing your order or it might be a while till they come back.  However, once your order has been placed expect your food to be out in short order.  Overall I'd definitely say it's worth the trip for yummy food at a great price!
5	Now this is vietnamese!  Have eaten here for 4 years and still love it.  The Pho is authentic, the cold spring rolls fresh in every way and the grilled chicken just yummy.  We love to cook our own shrimp and beef on the hot plate, then pack and roll our own rolls.  The fresh coconuts are cut to order with this huge machete and are like dessert.  Fast and furious service and all for under $10 a head.
4	The 4 stars is for the food and only the food, there is no ambiance nor is the service very welcoming. While there are other Vietnamese restaurants that offer the same authentic dishes with friendlier faces, the 4 stars is for offering a few dishes that you can't find at the other places, and which is why I come here. One of my favorite dishes here is the table grilled beef, you are given a individual grill to cook the beef and all the fixings to make your own spring rolls. At $11 it's a generous portion and can feed two. Another favorite is the sugar cane shrimp - Choa Tom. This is also a "make your own" dish, but with lettuce wraps instead of rice paper and lot's of fresh veggies and herbs. While the service is curt it, is also fast, so a great lunch spot if you're looking to be in-and-out. When I first came here I was really uncomfortable by the service, but now that I know what to expect it  hasn't deterred me from returning. If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese and to try some different dishes at a very low cost, I highly recommend Pho Thanh.
5	Best out in the neighborhood in my view. Well balanced pho broth. I come here several times a week. Best 6 bucks money can buy for lunch!  I get the 114 no tripe.
5	Ordered iced coffee here and it's only under $3, and it took them a minute to make. It was delicious coffee! Place was packed so it must be very good food!
4	I'll keep it simple! This place is quick, cheap, and delicious. They give you good portions for the price you pay compared to other vietnamese restaurants in the valley. This is always our go to spot for good pho and bun bo hue.
4	I've been to this spot a few times. It is pretty good. Been here this past weekend because a few of us was craving some pho. I ordered the pho with rare beef and meatballs, and also the BBQ pork sandwich. All pretty tasty.All my other friends ordered pho also and by the looks on their faces they seemed satisfied and it seem to hit the spot for the day. I'd love to give this place 5 stars, but couldn't because they looked pretty busy, but it took awhile for us to just get a refill on some water. It wasn't just us though, it looked like everyone only got one glass of water. Other than that, the food here is good and I'll be back.
5	This hole In the wall will not leave you with a hole in your wall-et & it's super filling! My fave is 122. I crave it all the time! It's clean & the people are genuinely nice it is a bit packed but never a problem, I always get seated with great service!
5	I'll make it short and simple... Great food. Amazing price. Very generous portions....
5	Anyone who knows PHO will want to try this restaurant out.  The building and parking need a major overhaul, but the food is inexpensive and well worth the drive to Pho Thanh.  Honestly, my wife and I have been to almost every vietnamese place in town, and the spring rolls here are spectacular because they will substitute chicken in place of pork.  I had the Pho with filet steak and it was the bomb! Super fresh ingredients, juicy and tender meat and no sign of MSG headache afterwards.  So we go here about twice a week now, and we try all the stuff on the menu and it is all GREAT!!  Very casual dress here.
5	This is truly an amazing place. I live on the other side of town and will only come to Pho Thanh to get my pho. Been coming here for many years, since I was very little. Some of the staff are even old family friends. Their pho is the best. No other way to put it. I also love their rice plates but the main reason for anyone to come here is to experience the soup. Parking can be crowded sometimes because of the market next door. I see some people complaining about the service or that the waiters stare. They've been here forever and they have a system. It works. If you don't like it, boo hoo. Go elsewhere.
5	Got in here last minute as always they are great and will serve me! They definitely try to close on time though. Never had a bad meal here and look to try different, new things quite often.
4	The pho here was really good. The atmosphere is a little too cramped and informal to give this place a better rating. But if you are looking for a casual lunch, this is a good spot for adventurous dishes.
3	I love the food so much, but the servers use their cell phones instead of taking care of guests.
3	Food: Banh Hoi Nem Nuong/Chao Tom: fine vermicelli noodles with grilled pork. This plate came with 2 types of nem nuong which is unique. I liked one more than the other. The round cut nem nuong was sliced thinly. The meat was sweet and delicious. The other one was a longer, thicker cut. The meat was sightly overcooked (just how I like it), but there were big chunks of fat (not how I like it). I was confused when I ordered, I thought you get nem nuong and  chao tom (grilled shrimp paste on a stick of sugarcane) but it's one or the other. The waiter was nice and gave me an order of nem nuong with 1 chao tom to try. I liked the nem nuong better than the chao tom. The chao tom wasn't bad but the nem nuong had more flavor. The dish came with a huge plate of veggies, which is always a plus! Service: We were seated immediately. The waiters/servers look gangster (tatted up) but they were all really nice and polite. They were attentive and refilled our water cup twice. The restroom isn't the cleanest, the ladies' room was out of paper towels. Final thoughts: I would like to come back and try other dishes. They have a wide variety of authentic Vietnamese food at a decent price
4	We had their fresh coconut water, this is a must have  including fresh jelly. Their barbecue pork sandwich was decent. Wanton soup had a very flavorful broth  and the pho is always great.  Place was hopping
4	Vietnamese tea was delicious with soymilk. Generous portions. Good pho but lots of green onion. Pho was even better after being refrigerated and heated up the next day!
4	Delicious Pho and summer rolls. Have also had it to go which is nice. Service could he a bit friendlier. Great Thai iced read and iced coffee!! Parking can be a bit tricky but there is extra parking around back!
5	Co-worker introduced me to this place today. She prefaced that it was in a sketchy area, it wasn't super fancy inside, BUT prices were low and the food was great. She was right! I had the #11 Pho with beef slices, meatballs, tripe, and tendons. Also had the fried eggroll like appetizer and it was delicious.The atmosphere was very mom and pop, service was fast and drinks were delicious.  It was a little odd that checks were not brought to the table, we went up to the counter, and the guy knew which ticket was ours, so that was impressive they pay that closely of attention.A great experience. Large amounts of meat in the Pho, huge bowl of broth, the usual fresh sides to put in the Pho.  Many sauces at the table. Odd that the plastic chop sticks and soup spoons are left at the tables in mass.  I really like that smoked/grilled or whatever chili oil paste. So delicious.Highly recommend this restaurant if you are a Pho fan.There was a TV there. CNN was on. I like that.
2	Stopped in today for my second visit. My first was several months ago and I'd tried a Saigon Crepe for the first time which I'd enjoyed. Today's visit I was less impressed. I had the pho dac biet. Pho with rare beef, brisket, tripe, meatball.  I didn't love it. The broth was lacking in flavor even after adding soy sauce Hoisen sauce, sriracha and the fresh veggies.  My BFF raves about thus place but I'll stick to the places I love.
5	I like this place!  Its good as Vietnamese food your going to get in Phoenix.  During lunch and sunday morning sucks for parking.  Great food and low price.  Spring rolls are ok.  Order fresh coconut if they have it.  Also, coffee is good.  Combination pho which I order gets the broth right!
1	We stopped by here to have some food on Wednesday because Da Vang is closed.  After placed the order, my husband took our sons to the bathroom and they came out and said it was too dirty and smelly. I went to the women one was fine but the paper was on the floor and seemed like no one care clean up.  While we were waiting for our food, the server/bus boy was cleaning the table on the other side of my husband and he just threw the plates to the basket and made a very loud noise. My sons were scared and so was I. Found out that the people that just left, did not leave any tips. The food was not that good. The soup was little salty and my husband rice dish with grilled pork was too dry. It is so obvious that we will never return to this restaurant and will not recommend it to anyone in the family or friends.
4	I'm a pho-natic. It's true. I have an issue. I have turned my back on my Mexican roots and taken on pho as my new hangover cure, illness comfort, and I'm poor and starving meal, over menudo. What's great about it is that it's available every day of the week. Unlike menudo when Saturdays and Sundays are it. I do like pho thanh but I don't feel that the meat is as high quality as some other places I've had pho. But it's well enough. The service is equally as terrible as Da Vang which is another place I like to get pho. I don't know. Sometimes there are flies all around my fixings. I don't like that. Sometimes the servers seem disgruntled that I want to come in and eat. I don't think I have ever done anything to them... Sheesh. Anywho, I like the location as it's pretty close to my house. I like that I can order a Thai tea with my hot bowl of awesomeness. I like that it is next to a nail supply store, which can get dangerous. Hmmmm, over all I have to say that I patronize this place because it is close, inexpensive, and relatively good pho.
5	This is a very mom and pop shop! If you're judgement is  this based on the bathroom ambiance and service of a restaurant you're missing out. This place is an absolute favorite for my husband and I. Their shrimp fried rice is the best I've ever had! Their pho tai is amazing as well. Something that I would critique is that it seems like they add the beef before it's served vs. while it's being poured. Its not a flavor factor, more like a texture thing. I haven't tried their fried egg rolls only because their spring rolls have me hooked! Typically we order 2 soups, spring rolls and fried rice and pay a teeny bit over $20 (what a STEAL). The service is super fast but I think that there is a serious language barrier between servers and guests therefore it doesn't come off as friendly. Either way, this place is awesome and everyone that we have taken there had been impressed!
5	I love this place, what more can I say! Thai tea - excellent! Rau ma (no sugar) - yumm, & healthy (for maintaining youthfulness, purifying the blood, curing nervous conditions, improving eyesight & memory, and relieving arthritis pain, & more).Spring rolls - I haven't found a better place that serves them!My fave - Porkchops over broken rice... I could eat that everyday!!!Pho - It's good, but in summertime who feels like having soup says most Caucasians. Orientals eat hot stuff (tea, etc.) morning, noon, & night regardless of the weather.. must be something to it, why they are so thin, & Americans are so fat!Last but not least, coffee - If I wasn't breast-feeding & worried about how many jiggawatts my baby would get... Well, enough said, I miss it though!!!!!!
2	I wanted to preface my statement with something positive. I love Vietnamese culture, family values & yes, the food!I've frequented this particular Vietnamese restaurant several times & noticed even with a nice tip for good service it still felt "cold".Today's visit we ordered as usual. My partner needed additional rice. She was ignored by two different staff members?! I can understand if it's not your particular function. If not, let someone else be aware. Finally, we asked a third person & he fulfilled the order of rice. Today was noisier then usual with the busboy organizing & preparing utensils. Later, I asked my partner, (she is Vietnamese ) why the cold reception from the male employees. She says it's normal for Vietnamese men to harbor contempt & general disregard for woman who date outside of their race. Really.  pfft
3	****3.5 STARS****We came to AZ to help my sister settle in her new condo. My Dad only eats Vietnamese food whenever we go out. We try to expand his palette but he hates everything else lol.What We Got- Bun Bo Hue- Pho Ga- Bun Thit Nuong- Com Tam Thit Nuong Bi ChaMy sister and I LOVED their Bun Bo Hue!! It's different than what I'm used too.. they add cha and a lot of dried garlic flakes in it. The only down sides were that they skimped on the noodles (I love noodles and I can't just eat meat by itself), it was pretty oily, and that the some of the beef were chewy because it was super fatty. :( I liked how they had the spicy sauce on the side for the Bun Bo Hue!!My Mom, Dad, and sister's boyfriend weren't as thrilled about their dishes. They just thought it was okay. It wasn't bad nor amazing. It's definitely a good alternative if I'm in AZ. I will be back when I visit my sister!The place could be cleaner. The restroom was not up to par. There was a guy who kept asking for money outside. :T
1	Worst F***ing service. Been to alot of hole in wall restaurants. You are better off eating top ramen @ home...Nothing special about the food. Bottom line this place sucks d***
5	My favorite for Vietnamese food! Hmmmm what more can I say. Well first off the dining are is large and kept clean. Decor is nice and simple. I like that they keep extra utensils (forks, spoons, extra plates and scissors) out for the guests to self serve. I like as little human interaction as possible LOLThe service is straight to the point. They're not going to stand around all day and kiss your ass. I'm sorry but get used to it. Luckily I'm accustomed to it and enjoyed not being bothered sometimes. We usually order cafe sua da, pennywort drink, pho, com tam with bi and bbq pork chops, the spring roll and eggrolls. The quality of the dishes have never gone down or varied from visit to visit. The prices here are also the best in Phoenix. You can get a rice dish for under $6 and the banh mi is only $3.50. Three of us went in and only spent about $25 and left with full bellies. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone trying Vietnamese food for the first time :)
5	Excellent! We'll be back.
4	I'm definitely a Big Fan of this place and all the yummy items that they serve. The menu here is very large and the prices are very reasonable. The hardest part may be deciding what to order if you are not familiar with Vietnamese food.Been waiting a long time to visit this place. Seen a lot of great and happy reviews. Just happened to be in the area and had to check them out.Both inside and outside are very simple and basic. This could be how they keep the cost down and still deliver great quantity and quality. I was surprised how large the inside eating area was and the large amount of slurping customers enjoying their meals. Nice!Usually get the Pho with everything and in the largest bowl they serve. Here it is the #11 and it is huge. Decided to try out the Spring Rolls as well. This is always a good test to compare against other similar places.Both the Pho and the Spring Rolls were good. Really liked the soup and can't wait to come back and try some of their other tasty choices. Got my eyeballs and taste buds set for some spicy Bun Bo Hue next. Service is friendly and you may need to wave one of them down to get seated. When you are done you simply get up and pay at the register. This is pretty much the normal routine in these type of restaurants.Bring a hearty appetite and get ready to leave feeling full. I was able to get out of here with a crisp $10 bill and was concerned that I might explode. DYN-O-MITE!4.5 STARS
5	BEST PHO IN PHOENIX... Great customer service. Yummy broth and price awesome $5.95 for a large bowl. Service is quick...Came back multiple times n i will be back again is that good....
3	Had high expectations for this place! Their pho was mediocre at best, the meat quality was just not good but the broth was good.  Their Banh Cuon was REALLY good though, came out warm and satisfied us to the last bite.  They have a big variety of Vietnamese food here from pho to banh mi to vermicelli to vegetarian.  The next time we will come back will probably be with our parents.
1	Does it really take 30 minutes to make some spring rolls and a Vietnamese sandwich? The place wasn't super busy and they have a lof of staff. Not coming back.
4	I got here shortly before they were closing. The food was delicious, and very nicely priced. Our server was a very friendly and talkative man, charming ^_^ my Thai iced tea was good. We ordered the beef & broccoli, lemon grass chicken, and pork tendon. There was a sauce I thought was sesame oil and put on my rice, but it wasn't! It was some foul smelling butt sauce! I asked the charming server man what it was he said it was fish sauce? *Beware* aquired taste required. Atmosphere was a little lacking. So to summarize, food quality 5*, price 5* atmosphere 3*, service 5*Ill be back ^__^ (stay away from butt sauce)
5	You can't beat the prices at Pho Than!  The pho and all the food here is delicious :) This restaurant is spacious and kept clean. The restaurant is always busy but the service is fast. If your in the area and craving some good pho come check this place out.
3	My friend and I went here on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty packed/busy!  But the service was great and we got our food pretty fast.I just got the pho and the thai iced tea and my friend got the broken rice dish and we shared an order of the spring rolls.  My pho was decent and the thai iced tea was good.  And the spring rolls were also delicious!
4	Tasty, authentic vietnamese food at vietnamese prices! This place is always pretty packed/busy, but the service is fast and the food is bountiful and filling. While the pho is good I prefer to go with the wonton noodle soup or the com tam dac biet. I also feel a little less guilty whenever eating here because it tastes more like a homecooked meal than a greasy, heavier meal I'd order at some other sit down restaurant. Only a slightly less guilty though. Whatever, I'm still coming back here multiple times a week!They close around 830 or 9pm too so make sure to plan ahead of time so you don't arrive right as they lock the doors on ya.
4	This is my 2nd time here,  and I'm sure it won't be the last!  My girl and I enjoyed the atmosphere, and it reminded me of being back overseas.
5	So good! Officially my favorite pho place in Arizona.  Looks like a hole-in-the-wall from the outside, but those always end up being the most delicious places. The coconut water came in an actual coconut (that we ate and it was really tasty and fresh) and it was VERY refreshing.  For my pho, I ordered off the menu with the better grade meat and got the one with everything in it and added oxtail.  I tasted the broth before seasoning it and it was everything but bland! You could really taste the flavor of the meats that were cooked in it and if I wasn't so addicted to sriracha, I would've eaten it plain.  I also asked for half noodles (something I always do because I can't finish) and for once, I actually had 70% meat and 30% noodles. Bottom line: this place does not skimp out on meat like most other places do. I had so much meat that I barely finish it, and that is rare for me.  One thing that stood out the most to me and my friend (who ordered the tendon and brisket pho) was the quality if the tendon. It was flavorful and had just the right texture so you know it was fresh and not overcooked to the point where it was mushy.  The only thing I could've done without was the oxtail because it was kind of a pain to eat with so many people around. The place is big with plenty of seating and almost packed so we had to share a long table with another group, so if you're not into that don't come on a weekend afternoon. I'm definitely going to be frequenting this place even though it is 30 minutes from me, and I can't wait try more items off their menu.
2	Ok, since it's an Asian restaurant, bad service and long waits are acceptable as long as the food is good. For the last 2 months, the pho has been great. It was the best pho restaurant that I have found in Phoenix and I have been recommending this place non-stop. I don't know what is going on today, maybe the chef is sick or something, but the pho was terrible. It was just lazily prepared. The beef slices were thick instead of thin like it was the last 10 times I've been there. My bowl felt like a bunch pho ingredient was thrown in and topped off with beef stock. Nothing worked together, there were no flavor. There was nothing I could do to make it taste well. I will stop recommending this restaurant for now but will give it another try later on. If this is how this place is going to be from now on, I will no longer come. If it improves, I will definitely update the review to 4 stars like it deserves. Minus one star for service and wait for food.
5	HANDS DOWN the best Pho in Phoenix! Extremely affordable, the service is amazing. I crave this place and their spring rolls. The portions are huge and they have everything you need to customize your Pho yourself.
5	I love this place and probably my favorite place to go for Pho. Not only is it delicious, its also very cost friendly. Every time I have gone, i was seated, waited on, and served within 5-10 mins.  I live in laveen but whenever i am in the mood for Pho, i drive the extra miles just to come to this place.
4	Good Pho, but people are not that friendly.  Bathroom needs a good cleaning, also.
2	I come here about two times a week, but I have noticed that their prices are steadily going up and up. Not only that, the portion size has been shrinking. One of my favorite plates used to be $4.95, then it went up to $5.95 and now it's $6.95! This is all within a year! Taste wise, their pho is great and so is their fried rice plates. Customer service is pretty poor.
4	We enjoyed  the Pho,  spring  rolls and combination  fried rice very much.  Plenty of tables and very casual  dress.  Food flavorful  and very authentic.   The service  can be friendlier, but it is a very busy place.
4	Wow. This is the pho I have been searching for in Phoenix. Dare I say it puts the pho in Phoenix *teehee.* I have been looking for good pho since I moved here from Seattle (land of pho every 20 feet) and never found a place that measured up. Generally, the broth was bland and the dish was americanized and way overpriced. Well, look no further, this is the real deal. From the minute you walk in, you can tell this place is more authentic than most. They have communal tables with grab-your-own chopsticks, spoons, condiments, etc. There is no fancy decor. Who needs it when the food is so good? The pho comes out in a large bowl and the price is right (like 6$). I had the Pho filet and the broth was flavorful,  the meat was tender, and the noodles were abundant. I also had a legit Thai Tea. I came here with an unexpected group of 7 people (I think... Amanda B and her daughter, Irene V, Amy H, Jon H, Rachelle H, and some others) and the restaurant accommodated (despite being very busy and mostly thanks to Irene V). I will certainly be back here in the near future!
4	Food is always excellent and the shrimp spring rolls are great.  The bathroom on the other hand is always dirty and nasty. There is always pee on the floor in the bathroom and it smells bad in there.  Food #1.    Bathroom save it for home.
5	This place is beyond amazing! cheap prices, great food, laid back atmosphere. Try the steamed chicken pho, broken rice with pork chop, and the coconut drink!
2	This is a busy restaurant and parking totally sucks at lunch. Small parking lot and fights for slots. Inside it's loud - think cafeteria level - and tables all over the place.Service was quick to get seated and order. Beef pho seems to be the house specialty. I got the chicken and a friend got the beef. While it was good, I'd have to say the broth I've gotten at Song Lynn in Avondale was much better. This broth was sort of flat. I found myself adding more jalepenos and even chilis to give it flavor.The limeaide was a refreshing choice, but wish they'd give refills. Overall, a decent pho place but not one I'd go out of my way to return to try.Pho was in the $6-7 range.The guy pushing the bus cart reminded me of a cafeteria again. Yeah it cleans the tables quicker, but looks so nasty!
4	Fast service + great prices.While it's not the most amazing bowl of pho I've ever had, it's one of the best in Phoenix. You won't come here for the service, you won't come here for the private dining; what you will come here for is the Pho and if it's any help, it seems the Vietnamese population of Phoenix agrees (by their attendance).You can find a better broth at a more expensive place but I come here for a quick and simple lunch that never weighs me down and costs close to nothing for the amount of food you get.Thai tea seems to be the same everywhere so try the egg soda, the coconut drink (still in the coconut) or one of the best lime aids I've ever had.Tip: Pho plates are on the first page. Skip this and flip to the back of the menu. Here you will find the choice cuts of meat for Pho. If beef, ask for it on the side and you will get some beautiful deep red cuts (try #116). Also, anything other than Pho can take a while to make so stick with the Pho unless you have time.
5	The beef pho is the best I've had ever! The beef is so tender it melts in your mouth. The broth and everything else is so fresh and delish i travel about 30 mins just to eat here.
4	After searching a few weeks for the perfect Pho, a friend of my boyfriends told us about this Vietnamese Restaurant. So we planned a double date and we all tried their Pho. Everyone except for me got the Beef Pho but my love for chicken won, as always, and I got the Pho Ga (Chicken Pho) and I must say, I LOVE IT! The broth is not as flavorful and authentic as Viet Kitchen BUT for anyone trying Pho for the first time, I'd say this is the right place. It is so delicious, although I add fresh jalapenos, bean sprouts (they are fresher at Viet Kitchen), Sriracha, and plenty of lime juice. :)As for the location, well, it is definitely a hole in the wall restaurant that is decent inside. It usually is busy and there is always something going on, whether it is more people walking in, the guy with the kart walking around cleaning tables, or just the restaurant being busy. It's what you would expect from a popular Vietnamese Restaurant. And their Vietnamese Iced Coffee is AMAZING. It is very strong yet sweet. I definitely recommend the Pho Ga and Cafe Sua Da (Iced Coffee). For now, I have dubbed this place our go to restaurant for our Pho fix and it is worth the drive. Only downfall, the service is a bit slow because they are so busy. My boyfriend and I order as soon as we are seated, because we always get the same thing, to help prevent this issue BUT they are still not consistent enough with refilling waters. So, I recommend bring your own water bottle or you just may have to wait 20 minutes for a refill. Nonetheless, I do enjoy the vibe and food here.
3	Pho is ok..the meat is very tough. I didn't care for the place, kind of dirty my opinion. I would give the place a 4 stars if the staff was friendly and the place was clean. I won't go back.
4	The pho seems to have gone back to its normal awesomeness so I guess it was a bad day for the chef or he called in sick. It is still my go I place for pho.
5	My go to for Pho and Goi Cuon!  Been coming here for YEARS before they got packed for winning best of on New Times!  Legit place.  Come for Authentic Vietnamese food. Prices are ridiculous in an affordable way and veggies are freah.
5	Phenomenal Pho at a phenomenal price. I visited Pho Thanh on my lunch break with my niece. We went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed. I felt almost like a cheater, as I always go to Da Vang right across the street, but boy was it worth it.We ordered two orders each of the spring rolls and of the egg rolls, and we each got a bowl of chicken pho. The items came out in a timely manner, and were served with the correct companions (fresh sprouts, fish sauce, herbs, etc.) The spring rolls and egg rolls were cooked to perfection, and the pho was amazing. It was not too oily, like some other places can make it to be, and it had a good ratio of noodles and broth. My only complaint would be that there wasn't a lot of chicken in it, but it could have just been my individual bowl. Service was attentive, but nothing over my expectations (very similar to that of Da Vang, they take your order, bring you your food, and fill your water, that's about it). The best part was that our entire meal was only $23. For two people both with their own appetizers and pho, I think that is a slammin' deal if you ask me.. I will definitely be returning.
5	Absolutely fantastic! My boyfriend and I just went here for a late lunch/early dinner so that he could try pho... He finished his whole bowl! Which was a feat because they give you so much food. I couldn't even eat half of mine. For about $5-6 per massive bowl it's a great value and so delicious. I had been craving pho for months and finally found a place just a few minutes from home!
5	I looooooooove thier pho!!!this place is always swinging.  I don't think I have every stopped by without nearly every table being full.  And for good reason, that pho!  Everything looks great, and smells wonderful, but I tend to stick to this awesome soup and spring rolls or a banh mi!  The parking can be a bit of  a hassle, this could actually be the worst parking lot in Phoenix, but it is worth it.And you know what they always get my togo order right, which is a nice plus.
4	Best Vietnamese food in Phoenix, hands down. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the service is pretty bad.
2	I came here recently with a friend and we ordered chicken egg rolls (thinking it's going to be fried) and they gave us chicken spring rolls with this raw uncooked wrapping. We told the staff we wanted egg rolls not spring rolls but they then told us they don't have chicken egg rolls.. I also didn't like how the staff that work there seem like they are angry... They should lighten up and greet their customers with a smile.
4	Should I do it?...I'm gonna do it...buuuuut...yeah, I'm gonna do it...this place is PHO real!!! There...but I'm seriously...it's legit. AND peep this, yo: they have coconut water STRAIGHT from a coconut...like your cup IS a coconut...that ish is tight...the service is very Seinfeld "Soup Nazi"-esk, but I'm willing to deal with that if it means I get to mow down on some deliciousness. Looking forward to eating here again!
5	No frills, good broth and noodles type of Vietnamese restaurant. It's nothing fancy, but the pho is amazing. The noodles are good and the broth is perfect. They give you lots of bean sprouts to put in and a good amount of beef (if you choose the beef pho). For $5, you just can't beat this restaurant. It's really just that good. I've tried the bahn mis, broken rice, buns - all the food is pretty good but their pho really stands out.
5	We loved both the egg rolls and the spring rolls, especially the yummy sauces. Then we had a delicious salted fish fried rice and vermicelli with pork and shrimp cake in bean curd. If we lives in Phoenix, we'd become regulars!
1	I really dont care how they got 4 stars. But if i can give a negative star i will do it and a couple of times. First of all service is horrible. We order a salty lemonade and  thai tea. After 5 minutes some one comes to the table and just said no more lemonade. So after 5 minutes more we called the waiter and asked about the thai tea. Like they had no clue we order the thai tea. Im from long beach ca. Many good pho restaurants there for me to be able to compare good service and great food. The pho was not the best.
4	This place is legit! Good pho, good service and the food comes out quick! Most places my bf and i request double meat, here we had leftovers - so next time we won't even need double. Prices are very good as well! Thai tea tasted like heaven. We'll definitely be back!
4	Recently made the switch here from Da Vang. Very clean and delicious bowl of pho. I prefer the appetizers (Banh Mi, spring rolls, and egg rolls) at Da Vang but the soup, ambiance, and cleanliness is better here. The noodles are slightly more "al dente" and the broth is not as greasy as Da Vang. Service is average and waiters seem slightly angry.
1	First, let me tell you that I had had their pho and their spring rolls a couple of times now. Yes, their service is HORRIBLE, they throw the menus on the table and do not speak or smile but their food is decent (I am speaking as to flavor only). Today for lunch we were extremely DISGUSTED and disappointed. I looked up their number to make sure they were open and I happened to start reading their reviews although like I said, I 've been there before. One of the reviews said "the restrooms are disgusting I wonder how their kitchen looks." That REALLY stuck with me but we were already committed (it was three of us) so off we go! We ordered the usual. Two bites away from finishing my spring rolls I find a thick black hair threaded into the spring roll! Ewww! The fact that it was deep in there and not just lightly sitting on top made it even worse. My friend says "that's gross. Want mine? Mine is from a different batch. What're the odds? Like one in one thousand!?" (they had forgotten his spring rolls so they came 10 minutes after mine). I did not accept his offer. He began eating his very carefully! SURPRISE SURPRISE! Half way into his spring roll he finds a LONG BLACK AND THICK hair. I couldn't believe it. What the ___?! Please see the pictures. It makes me regret EVER eating there. I will never be back. I can forgive ONE hair in the food, fine, it happens but TWO?! IN THE SAME MEAL? SAME SEATING? Clearly they don't give  a crap about cleanliness. I REALLY do wonder what their kitchen looks like. I get up show it to the cashier who i believe is the owner and he takes the spring rolls and takes them back to the kitchen. He comes back and says "sorry 'bout that. Want me to take one roll off you bill?" I explained to him that it was 2 different orders so he took 2 off. A restaurant who does not take pride in their cleanliness and sanitary issues does not deserve my business. I will never be back.
1	Disappointment... They have horrible customer service. Disappointing to see local business just not give two cents about treating customers the right way. The are not helpful, prompt, courteous, pleasant, or accommodating. If you are willing to basically sacrifice self respect for cheap decent food... sure I guess. Just ridiculous.
2	Service has to be pretty bad for me to complain and let me tell you that Pho Thanh has some of the worst service. Come here for a bowl of hot pho, not for a local dining experience.Waiters legitimately do not want to talk at all. A guy came by to take our orders and asked if we were ready, then proceeded to not mutter another word even when he didn't understand what we wanted. He managed to mime out hand signals that let us know to clarify what number or order we wanted. Mind you, the guy speaks English very well. When he returned with our food, we asked him to remove appetizer plates and he literally froze for a second before turning around to walk away without muttering anything at all. Then, when I was standing in line to pay, another waiter decides to take a shortcut between me and the guy in front of me and steps on my shoes without apologizing at all. I was the last person in line at the cashier and there was plenty of space behind me and only a narrow gap in front of me.Some of the best local restaurants in Phoenix thrive because they offer a great customer experience along with their great food. Pho Thanh fails horribly at offering any customer experience. Each customer is simply another $6 bowl of pho that needs to be moved along promptly. I would've gave them 3 stars if their Pho was good but it was not as good as in the past. The beef felt tough and noodles did not seem fresh. I've had better from them before but I always prefer Da Vang. For having to put up with shitty staff and get barely above average Pho noodles makes me not want to return here.
2	Bahn MI was just O.K., Pho again was just O.K. I don't get it they have great reviews. Please help us fid great Pho, Bahn Mi, & Ramen in the greater PHX area.
1	Gave up on this place.  A man can only take enough of supporting a place with his hard earned economic dollar to be around unfriendly staff people.  The last time I went there they screwed up and didn't put in our order which made myself and 2 friends late to our engagement.  They lost 3 customers that day.  Honestly, it just goes to show that you can not even say hello to people, be grumpy and unfriendly, but if you have good food that has little competition around, people will still support you.  It really is amazing.  However, not this guy...not anymore.
5	I have made this a religious must have go to place for chicken PHO also known on the menu as PHO GA. I ve had  my share of PHo at a variety of places and this place keeps bringing me back every week sometimes twice a week! It can get pretty packed and the parking can be a hassle but it's worth the less than 2-3 min wait :)
5	I've been coming here for years! Was introduced to Vietnamese food from a competitor; or lack there of, in town a few years back.. Pho Thanh blows all other Pho bowls out of the water!Start with- Bo La Nho, shredded beef wrapped in grape leaves, grilled and enjoyed with lettuce and a lovely, mild, fish sauce.. (toss in the roasted red chili oil sauce. its on the table)Then get- either the classic Pho Tai, broth with sliced round eye steak and rice noodles, amazing. OR the Shaking Beef, diced filet mignon with roasted onions in a hoison sauce, served "shaking" on a hot skillet! Dont come here expecting top notch service, thats not what theyre about here. Just enjoy the authenticity of a great dish.
5	Best Pho in town. Easily. Egg rolls are great. Other apps could be better. But everything I've ever had here is amazing! Their green penny wort drink is awesome. That and a number 11 (beef combo Pho) cures ANYTHING. Always leave this place happy. Cheapest meal in town too.
