1	You couldn't pay me to stay here but having said that it's always interesting to walk through the place and look at the sort of people who DO stay here. Room rates here are low but certainly not the cheapest in town. Lots of better options at this price. So why arethey here these people? What attracts them? I honestly feel somefolks are attracted by sleaze. That's the only explanation I can come up with. Maybe a few are history buffs and have a strong desire to stay in one of the original Strip hotels,a resort that was here in the days ofMeyer Lansky,Howard Hughes and the Rat Pack. And there are partsof the Riviera that look as if they haven't been cleaned since the 60's.Sorry to be so negative.
1	GEH - TOE.
2	A cool museum filled with relics. Chain-smoking, gambling relics...Come here for a glimpse of a dying Vegas. I learned all about cliches, bad posture, and secondhand smoke. The patrons are about as old as the stage routines. The combo of drag queens and Michael Jackson jokes will hardly win any awards. The food trough and petting zoo was fun. The pudgy, balding man didn't seem to like it when we tried to scratch him behind his ears. There was an experiment to see if people would actually pay $9 for Panda Express. I think it was a success.What... It's a hotel?!
3	The Riv is across the street from Slots A Fun. it is a marked step higher on the casino food chain. This doesn't speak well for either of them.50 years ago, I imagine the Riv and the Stardust, just down the street, were hot spots. Time has not been kind. Now the Riv features entertainers who impersonate Frank Sinatra, Barbra Streisand and Neil Diamond. It is also the home of Crazy Girls, "Las Vegas' Sexiest Topless Revue," which is immortalized in seven brass asses outside the casino entrance. A recent addition to the lineup is American Storm, the male strip troupe which comprises the winners of VH1's "Strip Search."The Riv is also home to the saddest looking cocktail waitresses in town. These girls have been ridden hard and put away wet, after which they seem to have shrunk several sizes. This appearance is accentuated by the oversized black T-shirt they wear, which bears the slogan, "Rack and Roll." Referring, in this case, to billiards and craps, not prostitution. The "Rack" is cunningly located over the breasts of the few girls that have them. Perhaps they don't want to compete with the Crazy Girls revue.Two sections of the casino are dedicated to more frugal gamblers: Nickel Heaven and Penny Town. As you might guess, the electronic games in those areas play at those denominations. Actually, in Penny Town, you can wager 1, 2 or 5 cents, for those feeling particularly flush. While Nickel Heaven is just part of the regular casino, there is no escape from Penny Town. You walk down a short hall to access it, and the only way out is back the way you came or out into the street. This, it seems to be, is a parable for Las Vegas itself.
3	We stay here every year for our pool tournaments.  The hotel is very cheapy and a little on the ghetto side.  The rooms are more like a motel 6 type.  The beds are comfortable, but old.  It's not that bad though, considering how much time do you actually spend in your hotel room while in Vegas anyways?  But I have to give it some extra stars because I have many fond memories here.
1	i dont think i'll even give a star.  stayed here one time about 4 years ago for a damn conference thing...hated it...service and etc.  rather stay at circuscircus
3	The Riviera's been on the Strip for FOREVER.  I remember driving past it's garish wall of horrible Neon whilst dragging the Strip as a toddler with my parents and their friends.I most likely never would have gone there as an adult if my brother-in-law wasn't a bartender there and if my friends and I weren't on a mission to show this town a party the likes of which it's never seen!This place is HARD to navigate.  More than once I willed the spirit of DeNiro to guide me through it's gold and neon undulations.  Don't try to meet someone here - you will never find them.My bartender was awesome and didn't charge my friends or I for one single beverage.  He's also the father of my nieces and nephew.  You may find your trip is more costly.  (The drinks are like $4 - $7 anyway - not bad for the Strip.)The showroom was AWFUL.  I went to see an old friend in the Fab Forever show and my brother-in-law got me tickets.  Since he did so, we had front row seats.  I didn't know that front row seats meant that your knees actually touched the stage.  Very interesting.  Very uncomfortable for an hour.  (The show itself was awesome, by the by.  Yay, Beatles!)I like the Riv for the old school Vegas spirit it still keeps in mind, I don't like it for its poor execution.
1	ugh.  if you ever have to be here for a convention, stay somewhere else on the strip.  this place is a huge disappointment.  the only reason to have any stars would be the service- everyone who works there is helpful and kind.  my room was clean, and it was actually quiet.i ordered room service, the food was terrible and the selection is like choosing the lesser of evils.  i needed a quick dinner so i ate in the coffee shop.  this is where i discovered that my crappy room service food probably came from this place.  they also charge $12 per day to use the gym- why is this not free to hotel guests?  there is no comfortable place to sit and watch a sports game either.casino games were boring and none of the arcade games worked.  i actually walked over to circus circus between meetings and had a better time.  mainly because everyone else there looked like they were having more fun too.  my idea of fun is not to watch the crack-like addicts with their slot machine cards attached to their jackets play 20 machines at a time.the surrounding area is pretty shady too, i walked down to the better parts of the strip, but i took a cab back ($11 from the forum shops!!).
2	I actually stayed here for an annual company meeting once.  I was a bit excited to stay in a place that had some *history*.  It turned out to be a little sad.  The place was a bit on the worn down side and it looked like everyone in there matched the decor perfectly.  The rooms looked like something you would film a cheap amateur porno in.
3	I needed to update this review and while it WAS one of my faves to stay at, they are trying to make it more profitable on their end...of course and have done away with the 99cent beer...and the good Kady food specials...so needless to say if we go back to Vegas we will not be staying at the RIV. I think I might stay at the Imperial palace. They seem to appreciate their players more.
3	Wow, and I thought I'd never look great in gold tinted mirrors -- Boy, was I wrong! After my weekend stay at the Riviera, I'm seriously considering putting those suckers all over my pad.This hotel / casino seriously looks like an 80's happening hot spot. My friends stayed down the strip at Planet Hollywood, or "ph", because LV likes to abbreviate things now. "ti" is the old Treasure Island. I'm confused. Anyways, back to the point. When they asked what it was like, I told them it would have been really awesome in the late 80's, but now its an old hotel in the middle of the older hotel cemetery. All the bad boys are being torn down and replaced by Mr. Trump's luxury condos and shopping malls. A crying shame. I did win $300 in penny slots. That was pretty awesome. Then I went and blew my earnings on faux Coach bags in their shopping area.
1	The website mentions a multi-million dollars renovation... uh?The Riviera is completely outdated, the rooms are divvy, the beds uncomfortable... the overall experience was just lame.The best part, there is no way to sleep with the air-conditioning on, in Las Vegas!!! The A/C units are too old and sound like an engine in the room.We will never go back.
1	I had the misfortune of eating at one of the buffets at the Riviera.  I can't remember the name of the buffet but it cost $15 and I remember going up the escalator to the first floor.  The food is TERRIBLE!  How this place can justify such dreadful food?  Everything I ate was so badly cooked and awful tasting.I only had to look at the faces of the other diners to see that I wasn't the only one that was horrified.  I just dumped my food and vowed never to go back to the Riveria for anything to eat.To round it all off, the server who took my plates away was a hunchback and was bent over double and could not see what was in front of him.  It appeared he could only look at the floor.  I kid you not.The other servers were taking their time with everything and many tables were left with plates and silverware on them for long periods of time.In the words of Bette Davis: "What A Dump!"
2	The two stars is due to the fact, I discovered the trick when staying here.  Stay in the back tower.  The valet parking is done from downstairs, and requires that you pass thru the grossest casino with the worst carpeting that you have ever seen.  Don't eat, drink or gamble here.  Pretty much full of people that "time left behind".
1	Old, old, old, and too far down the strip.  I stayed here to go on the cheap.  Not next time.  They really ticked me off the last day.  First, they tacked on an energy surcharge when I checked out.  Is this something required by law of all the hotels now?  This did not happen before.  If it is not law, it is crap!  They should have just added it into the price of their crappy rooms!To top it off, we went the night before to print out our boarding passes.  they guy at the desk said he couldn't help us, even though he was just chatting up his co-worker.  He told me I could either use my credit card for the machine in the lobby or to go to the business center in the morning.  Assuming it was free (remember, my friends, what it means to assume!) we walked allllllllll the way across the hotel to be informed that there was a dollar a minute charge to use the internet and a 50 cent fee for each sheet of paper we printed off, even though we were guests of the hotel.  What if their internet was as slow as their hotel is old?  It would have cost us a lot for a dollar a minute!  What a load of crap!  I realized then how far away I was from the Bellagio...One star because they are next to the Peppermill, one of the best places for breakfast in Vegas!!!
2	My partner said something like The Riviera is perfect for those people who like those "not-quite-up-to-par" Holiday Inns and the like.  The only reason we stayed at the Riviera because it was one of those few hotels in Las Vegas that allowed us to stay for just one night during New Years Eve.  The other hotels had a 2- or 3-night minimum.  We ended up with a smoking room, which wasn't too bad.  My complaint about the room was that there were cobwebs and dust on the ceiling.  The Riviera could benefit from a facelift.  Their gaming area is...ok.  I was more interested to play at other casinos than at the Riviera.
1	I didn't realize they had hotels specifically for drag queens--not that there is anything wrong with that.I've stayed here a few times when every place else was sold out and/or I had just a few coins jangling in my pocket.  Big mistake.  Each time.  Obviously, I'm a slow learner.Dirty, dingy and no fun.  Unless you're a drag queen.  And I bet they hate this dump, too.I'm heading to the Y the next time I need someplace to crash.  Or I'll just sell my plasma and live high on the hog at the Bellagio.  Hey wait, I think Cheetah's is open all night...
1	So my two friends were low on money and to help them out we shared a room. It came out to about $20 a person per night, not bad. Things weren't terrible, but we did have several things missing from our room. My friend's Ralph perfume went missing, and so did some of my hair accessories. Weird. We didn't eat there, thank god. I feel sorry for people who did. It didn't seem like that long of a walk to the strip on the map, but trust me IT WAS. We would go out to the strip at night, get drunk, and by the time we got back to the hotel, we were sober again, even using the monorail. Not fun. Plus there is this super creepy shack thing in between the Riviera and the strip, everytime I walked past it at night I felt like James Marsters was going to jump out and suck my blood. The last night we were there, we decided to splurge and stay at the Luxor. Ahhh so much better.
1	it is time to tear this down and build a good casino here. I have nothing positive to write about this place.
2	This place is really really budget and that is the truth, It is an old hotel, it has that strong smoke smell everywhere, but there are low limit tables and its a clean place to crash after you have partied all night. The cilent is mostly older adults and the food options are dismal.
1	This review is for the Crazy Girls show at the Riviera. I went to this show with my wife and it couldn't end fast enough. BO-RING. The girls were clearly tired of their routines - there was no enthusiasm, some of the girls seemed like they just learned the steps.  Maybe they should change the chorus to "We're Lazy Girls, just Lazy Girls" What a bomb.Forget the Crazy Girls and go to the Crazy Horse
4	A friend had a free stay he couldn't use, so we took advantage because who turns down a free hotel in Vegas?  Not me!  Especially when you're hardly in your room anyhow.I love this hotel and here's why:** It's a strip-located hotel with a downtown price** They are renovating the rooms to all have pillow top comfy mattresses and flat screen plasmas.** Low limits on table games** Extremely empty gaming areas (I was at a $5 table by myself on a Saturday night)** Good value poker tournament three times per day** The fastest valet in Vegas** Non-smoking room means non-smoking room** Electronic check in and check out.Basically it's a great location that has cheap, available gaming, with new-ish rooms.  When there's not enough to offer you here, there are about 15 other mega-resorts to curb your appetite.  You might as well sleep in a decent cheap room and save your benjis for slots, smokes, shopping or strippers.Sidenote:  Some of the dealers are ancient and basically creepy old men who say inappropriate things.  The rest barely speak English and refuse to tell you the correct basic strategy move - they just say "it's your money".  Nice.  At least it makes you laugh later and gives you a funny story to tell.  More Vegas entertainment!
1	The Riv, ooh the riv.... When will you be demolished and rebuilt into something good. The casino play is horrible. Don't even think about coloring up if you plan on still playing. On a winning streak? New dealer or random shuffle requested by the bosses. Orrrrr how about the double deck game that the dealer cuts so your only playing 1/3 of the deck... . ...Last year my friend had a cockroach in his hotel room, free upgrade to a suite from it.... They didn't even want that, and are not staying there this year when the same convention comes into town there, instead the hilton across the street.I come here now and then when friends are in town, I can always make some money there but its harddddddd lucky to break even most of the time. Others im sure do well but me and the riv... Valet, most always full at night, plan on tipping a buck or two to get the valet to take your car. Or just say you stay there. The worse part is if you have a lower car, you WILL scrape over their 4 foot speed bumps. Now time to say something nice about the riv, its better than gambling at binions downtown :)
1	Great a cheap ass in our party said this is the best deal on the strip. It sounds like what you are telling me is.......Fat pale girls around the pool that is out dated. But before i get to the pool i have to worry about gun fire and lung cancer.  Then i will get a drink that taste like someone pissed in it.  On the walk to the casino that looks alot close than it is i will get robbed.  Well the way i look at it it has loose slots and every time i have spent a weekend in vegas i have stayed somewhere different and out side the mgm or luxer  i never spent time at any of them.   I cant wait to post the review on this old pile.
4	This place has really improved itself....My wife and I stayed at this hotel a few weeks ago for the Teacher Conference.  We has a really good time there. The new rooms were awesome! The wireless internet people company that services your hotel did a awesome job! There were many problems with the wireless, but nothing that wasn't able to be fixed. One issue that couldn't be fixed that was a little disappointing, they could not provide a mini fridge as it was needed to refrigerate medication. I found this insensitive toward people with medical conditions. They offered to switch our rooms but we would not be with our group as it was one of the reason we came to this hotel.Even though your hotel is at the end of the strip, it wasn't far. We were able to walk from Luxor to the Rivera with no problem.Overall, I would come back to this hotel. Not the fanciest place on the strip, but it didn't fall short of expectations.
1	Located at the end of the strip, i didn't really like this place.. quite boring, far from civilization!... it is convenient with a walgreens located a few minutes away and a mcdonalds.... i will not stay here again.-x3 shells
3	It's really not that bad!I've stayed at other cheapie hotels in Vegas, and I would definitely consider coming back here. The rooms in the Monaco tower have recently been remodeled, and while they may not be as luxe as other hotels, you get a good deal for the price...as long as that price is under $100 on the weekends, which is what I got through the website. Some of our friends waited till the last minute to book and found the prices had gone up to 199/night! Be sure to book early for a good deal.Everything costs just a little bit less at this hotel, and the walgreens and CVS are not too far away. Beers at the scary Slots a Fun across the street are only 2 bucks as well. Most of the patrons seemed to be older folks, conventioneers, and young people trying to save a few bucks. It may be a little far up the strip, but not too far to walk to the Wynn or the Fashion Show Mall if you are in moderately good health and the temperature is under 100 degrees. They charge $12 to use their gym, and I have no idea why since the equipment is outdated and the "spa" was nonexistent. They also have a 24 hr coffee shop featuring a late night $5 all u can eat pancakes special. Not the place for a romantic getaway, but perfect for a rowdy weekend with friends.
4	You may think Im crazy but I really do love the Riviera.  We just got back about an hour ago and stayed here Fri and Sat night.  Its one of the only places I stay when I go to Vegas becuase I get hooked up from  the players club....aka...I have dropped alot of coin in this place so they "reward" me with discount or free nights.  You cant complain on free rooms or at most 60 bucks a night on weekends.  You cant find that anywhere else in Vegas.  They remodeled most of the rooms and they are actually really nice now.  Good comfy beds, flat screen LG Tvs and actual brand name Bath and Body Works stuff in the bathroom.  As far as the casino, its kind of well......old.....the cool crowd doesnt hang out there thats for sure.  Drink service is always fast and plentiful and most of the time you can find $5-$10 blackjack tables.  My brother and I cleaned up one afternoon and both cashed out a couple hundred ahead.  Cant complain!  Not much around the Riviera.  Sahara down the strip.  Circus Circus across the street.  The Wynn is a few blocks down which is cool and thats where we go to gamble alot of the time.  If you want a nice room to sleep in on the cheap, please come here to the Riviera!  Its not as bad as people make it out to be.
1	In a word "Yeeeuck".  Dingy, strangely laid out with poor service.  DO NOT - I repeat DO NOT EAT HERE.  We had lunch in the coffee shop and it was awful.  The server had no problem taking the most offensive dishes off the tab which was good but also lead me to believe that they know how wretched the food is.  Stay somewhere farther up the strip and actually get something nice.  We stayed here because that's where the wedding party was but had I known how junky this place was, I would have booked us at NY NY or TI.
3	Made it by the Riviera for the first time in about 10 years.  It's totally old-school and vintage.  I plopped myself down at a slot machine close to the entrance.  Within mere seconds, a cocktail waitress appeared and took my order.  She quickly returned with my beverage, for which she was tipped appropriately.  Before I could drink even half of it, she had returned with another, and they kept coming regularly.  Outstanding cocktail service!  Much better than Sahara down the street or some of the other higher-end casinos in the same area.  Moved on to the Roulette table and won a couple hundred there.  All the Riviera staff I encountered were friendly, smiling, and helpful.  If only there were a monorail stop there, I'd probably stay there sometimes.Haven't checked out their rooms, nor have I eaten in their restaurants so far.Good job with the casino, Riviera !!
4	Okay so yes, IT is FAR up the strip... about a 20-25 minute walk to the action. HOWEVER, I LOVED THIS PLACE! The newly remodeled rooms were really nice, for the price. Everyone who partied it up in our room commented on how surprised they were, that the rooms were so nice. I DID NOT EAT THE FOOD THERE!!So my rating has NO REFLECTION on the food.. I DRANK LOTS OF THEIR BOOZE, tho, and the drinks had REAL whiskey, and were NOT watered down.ALSO, the Riviera is SUPER near a Walgreens(for cheap beer), a Subway(for $5 footlongs, when yer down on yer luck), and they have nicely sized mini fridges in the rooms. YAY! THE STAFF WAS ALSO FUNNY, AND I LOVED MY EXPERIENCE AT THE RIV.
2	Trashy decor and smoke-filled casino area. The room was spacious and had comfortable beds. However, it was always dark and cold. The bathroom had no ventilation and was not really clean. It's ok if you just want a place to sleep but don't expect anything else from this hotel.
3	This place is good when your in a budget and for $30 a night why complain right? And it was also a last minute thing. I called and booked it right then and there. I couldn't even get a room in SD for less than $60. So I'd say I'd definitely come back there and gamble somewhere else. Why not right???
2	Room was clean, we rubbed the ass, and it's in a great location for visiting both the Strip and Downtown. I liked it, it has a very lived in vibe. Be warned, the food there is thoroughly rubbish -- not trashy enough to be good bad, but not nearly good enough to be good.
4	On this particular trip I stayed at both the Riviera and the MGM Grand. Believe it or not, I loved my room at the Riviera a whole lot more! They have recently gone through a series of renovations and their rooms are definitely up to par in comparison to the 4 star hotels on the strip.For Friday and Saturday night reservations, I paid a total of $130 after tax. I believe I got it for a special rate from i4vegas.com.  They put me in a king sized non-smoking room. The room featured a wide flat screen TV and a plush king sized bed. The decor around the room was very classy with a bit of gold trim in it.  The window view however wasnt anything to brag about since the Riveria is located on Paradise, not Las Vegas Blvd. Walking through the lobby you will feel like you are a cast of the 70's show. The businesses are definitely aging and have not changed over the years. The bar next to the casino has very reasonable prices for drinks. You can expect to pay downtown las vegas prices at the bar here. I did not do much gambling or attend a show here, so I can't really comment on that. The only downside to the room I had was that it was located next to an elevator shaft. I heard elevators running up and down all night, but I did not mind at the occasion. I was well intoxicated and ready to pass out every time I got back to my room.  The parking was also very limited in the small old structure building which had one functioning elevator.I definitely recommend coming to the Riviera if you get a great price. You do get what you pay for at this hidden gem.
2	Disappointing to average service.  POOR drink service, as seems to be standard in Vegas.   Rooms OK, but inconvenient to get to.  Not my first choice as a place to stay.  Somewhat smokey, and the dealers lean toward rude
2	Convenient location, if you're going to CES, but it's at the end of the strip. The room felt cramped. What's with no coffee maker?? It had an LCD tv, but we didn't even watch it. somewhat convenient to CES, bathroom felt small, but I think I've just gotten spoiled with all the nice hotel rooms I've been staying in. We wanted to go to the gym, so we took the elevator upstairs... uh what?! $10 for gym access? I don't think so. We decided to just go jogging outside amidst all the CES folks.The nice thing was that downstairs had and ABC Store that sold souvenirs and water for pretty cheap. Walgreens a block down might have been a bit cheaper, but eh.
2	The Riviera is exactly what you pay for, just like everything in Sin City!  If you are planning a luxurious vacation,  dream of sleeping on plush mattresses, hopeful of impeccable service, and desire top-of-the-line, modern accommodations, then I suggest passing on the Riviera.  If you just need a place to crash after a night of binge drinking, and endless debauchery then by all means book this hotel.  The only real  down side to  staying at this joint is it is not a central location, which means staggering home in your six inch heels at 7 am.  Overall not disgusting, but not a place to stay on ones' honeymoon.
4	I guess you could say I'm somewhat atypical when it comes to Vegas.  I usually look for hotels to stay at when it's just me and the bf.  Quite frankly I'm pretty cheap when it comes to hotels especially in Vegas when you're not staying in there most of the time.  So I've had very few hits with finding decent cheap hotels and very many hits on finding really bad cheap places that look like a scene from Psycho.  So here's the background of my most recent trip, with the economy being down and hotel rates being so cheap in Vegas I couldn't help, but book this place.  It was on a long weekend and from Friday check in to Sunday check out it was a grand total of $64.88, that's right folks under $70 for two nights stay for a hotel across the street from Circus Circus and on the strip.  That's unheard of already.  By the way, I found the rate on Expedia.com, they're usually my go to spot for finding awesome hotel deals.  I was so blinded by the rate, I didn't do that much research about the rooms and hotel in general, because with that cheap of a rate, who cares?  So I wasn't caring until we were driving to Vegas and I was trying to recall even seeing a Riviera hotel all the other times I'd come to Vegas and I couldn't...."Which one is it?"  So we finally drove up to it and it looked like shit to be honest on the outside....my stomach dropped and I was so afraid this was going to be the WORST hotel experience ever.  I quickly started apologizing to the bf profusely because we would have to stay here for two whole nights....To my surprise and luck they had just done a huge remodel of the rooms.  The room we were in was in the Mediterranean Tower and I'm not sure if they remodeled all the rooms in the various towers.  Our room was very modern with dark wood with granite counter tops accented with silver towel holders, handles, etc.  Rooms also came with Ipod docking station, refrigerator, coffee maker, hair blower, flat screen TV (not many channels), and comforter blankets.  The blankets were not the crappy type with a brown fleece like one on top of white sheets.  So if you can ignore the rest of the decor of this old hotel,  somewhat incompetent staff and need some place to simply just sleep after a night of having fun, I would recommend this place.
4	very surprised...I have to review the Rivera because I think they deserve better than their 2 star average.  We stayed there this weekend and thought the accommodations were more than just okay.  Pros: Great price, easy access to parking, remodeled rooms and landmark on the StripCons: Near north end of strip, patrons are in the older demographicIf you don't want to shell out the big buck at the newer places, this is a place worth considering.
3	I have no complaints about my stay - everything about it met my expectations.  The room (one of the remodeled ones) was comfortable, the mattress was just how I liked it (which was one of the biggest surprises for the price point), the iPod dock was great, and saved me from having to plug into my computer to charge it, and it was reasonably quiet at the hotel, probably because it isn't one of the fancy, popular, expensive ones.  Just don't eat at the asian restaurant - I should've run across the street and had McDonalds - the quality would've been better.  We also bought monorail passes - it's about 2/3 of a mile to the Las Vegas Hilton station if you cut through the parking lot, and that gives you a little bit of walking to help exercise away the calories that you put on eating in this town, plus access to the further away casinos for much cheaper and less trafficky than cabs or the deuce bus.
3	When I think of places to stay in Vegas, I rarely think of The Riviera first. I like to stay closer to the center of The Strip. In fact, when I stay anywhere north of the Venetian, I am always afraid that a giant wrecking ball might reduce my room to rubble in the middle of the night. "Really? $24 rooms? Great deal, I'd like a room with a vi. . . CRUNCH, SMASH, KA-BOOM!" Frankly, I am surprised The Riviera is still standing. I booked a "package" through US Airways, which included a round trip flight from/to SFO and 2 nights at this beautiful hotel for $230, all taxes included. Wrecking ball be damned, it's a deal! Sure, I had to rent a car to drive around, but it was still worth it. The Riviera is a living, breathing testament to the all-important saying "don't judge a book by its cover." From the outside, it looks like a dilapidated, outdated monstrosity. On the inside, it looks like a good value hotel on The Strip. I stayed at the Monaco tower, which is the tall tower behind the main hotel. I was very surprised to see that the rooms were newly remodeled. They seemed more modern than rooms in more luxurious hotels. Each room featured an iHome clock radio with an iPod dock and a 42'' flat screen TV. How about that? I kept thinking, am I at the right place? Last time I stayed at The Riviera was 2.5 years ago. Here's the main difference: in 2006, my main concern was "Will my toilet overflow and flood the room with you-know-what?" In 2009, my main concern was "Should I wake up to the Backstreet Boys' best hits or New Kids on the Block most successful album?" Quite an improvement. Now, for the bad part. This goes out to the people who occupied room 6244 on February 14 and February 15. You see, I had the misfortune of staying in room 6242 which is adjacent to room 6244. In fact, our rooms had a door that, if need be, could combine the two rooms into one awkward 2-room suite. The presence of said door made paper-thin walls even less soundproof. So . . . thank you, annoying Filipino family, for talking loudly, for yelling at each other until 4 am AND for bringing a screaming toddler to Vegas with you. What was he doing up at 4 am, what was he doing in Vegas and why wasn't he sedated?Thank you, two loudmouthed twenty-something couples for yelling and describing your clubbing experiences at 4:30 am the next day. Why were you staying in the same room? Shouldn't you have stayed in separate rooms and ... umm ... spend quality time with one another? Good thing you were too drunk to stay awake and make noise for more than 20 minutes. I was going to steal your "do not disturb" sign, so that an anxious housekeeper would wake you up at 9 am, but you forgot to hang it on your doorknob in the first place. I guess the joke's still on you. Valet parking at The Riviera is awesome. It fills up fast, but if you're a guest, it doesn't matter. They retrieve your car in a matter of seconds, and I still don't understand how they do it. Cabs are harder to come by, and the lines are usually long. If you stay here, designate a driver and rent a car.
4	Fun place to stay, good gaming and nice staff!!
4	I went to Vegas late November 2008 and stayed at the Riviera. It was my first trip to Sin City and I chose this hotel due to a)price and b) because it was the filming location for the Tangiers in the movie Casino. And a lot of other movies for that matter.  Oh and c) because its one of the few hotels left with mob history that I find so fascinating.I was a little concerned before checking in due to some of the negative reviews I had been reading. However, I was very pleasantly surprised. I had a great time at this hotel. Everything was fine. Check in was quick. I received a remodeled room at no extra charge, which was quite nice. The staff was helpful. The location was okay. It's a little far from the main part of the strip but for the money it cant be beat. Now I am not one to prefer top-notch accommodations. I am more comfortable with a beer and a jukebox than a $20 drink and loud techno/top 40 music. If you prefer the latter you probably will not be happy with this hotel. I'd recommend this hotel for people who would rather have money to spend on food and booze than a fancy hotel room that you will probably not spend any time in. It's also right beside Peppermills, which is a 24 hour restaurant with a kitschy lounge that screams old tacky Vegas =) And slots-a-fun is right across the street where you cant go wrong with their $1.25 daiquiris and cheap beer specials. So, for those on a budget or those who prefer/can tolerate a dive scene to upscale scene you cant go wrong with this place.  I'm going back to Vegas in May and I am actually kind of sad that my friends have insisted on staying mid-strip this time. Riviera I will miss you.
4	No, we didn't stay at the Riviera.  But, since our flight was at 6:30 pm and our New York New York (ahem) (notice the quotes) "LATE" (end noticing of the aforementioned quotes) checkout was for NOON, well, we had some time to kill.As mentioned in the review for NYNY, they have a great bell desk that will hold bags all day, free of charge, if you've stayed there.  So we checked our bags and went a-walkin'.Straight on down the strip...passing the new development next door to Bellagio, the huge glassy glossy development for people that actually want to own condos on the strip, past the Bellagio, the Venetian, Paris!, the Venetian's twin sister Palazzo, the Wynn and it's twin, Encore (REALLY?!  You need two??), past the demolished Stardust lot, Circus Circus, the new Trump tower, all the way on down to the Riviera.  Here, we entered the casino to rid ourselves of any money we had left in our pockets.You know, all those glamorous casinos and hotel resorts, fancy appointments and luxurious accommodations, well, they all boil down to one thing:  separating you from your money.  Some people need to be burped afterwards (before and during as well), and feel they "deserve" luxury, or what the fuck ever.  So, they stay at plush hotels, spend lots of money on the room before spending lots of money in the casino.  It's all just too much.The Riviera, to me, is classic Las Vegas.  It's casino looks like a regular casino.  The forty-something waitresses in tights who bring you "free" beers while you spend roll after roll of quarters at the Wheel! Of! Fortune!!!! are friendly, and never fail to call you sweetie, or hon'.  And the restroom is actually within a five minute walk of the casino...a HUGE advantage over the mega-resorts further down the Strip.When you're ready to leave to pick up your bags at NYNY on your way to the airport, just be sure you've saved enough money for the cab ride and the tip for the bellhop.  Cause otherwise, you're a classic Vegas chump.The nostalgic part of me doesn't want Las Vegas developers to continue their process of destruction of the older casinos and hotels.  Something in Vegas needs to be seedy, besides the intentions of the casino owners and the deviant minds of its visitors, that is.Yeah, the Riviera is seedy Vegas.  What's it to ya?
2	My friend booked this room trying to save money!  We stayed at the Riviera after checking out of The Platinum Hotel on Sunday.  No need to spend another 169 dollars.  !  *However....A WORD TO THE WISE....IF YOU GET DRUNK ON SATURDAY, MAKE SURE YOU DONT HAVE TO CHECK OUT ON SUNDAY!  IT IS THE BIGGEST HASSLE AND GETTING UP EARLY TO CHECK INTO ANOTHER HOTEL IS THE WORST! *Moving on...THE HOTEL:  They have kiosks to check into this place like the airports.  The front desk staff are rude but you get what you pay for.  The rooms at the Riviera are better than I expected.  The beds are comfortable.  THE BATHROOM HAS BARLEY ENOUGH ROOM TO SIT ON THE TOILET WITH THE DOOR OPEN!  If you are trying to do Vegas on a dime...stay here!  But, cab fare will be a beast!    THE CASINO:  This casino IS OLD SCHOOL!!!!  It hasn't been renovated in a long time, and it shows.  EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS OLD AND DUSTY.  NOTHING TO SEE HERE...the best thing about this place is the 7/11 next door and it is a short walk from The Wynn and Encore.  This dude was borderline stalking and harrassing me and I almost had to report him.  He followed me downstairs and it scared me.  Luckily he stopped.  Overall:  If your funds are limitied....stay here.  Otherwise, stay somewhere else and save peace of mind.
1	It smelled like death in here. The pictures look sooo much better than when you are physically in the room. Can you say false advertisement? It's a good cheap place to stay if your going to be galavanting around vegas the whole day.  We just need the room to put our bags in. Oh don't eat downstairs...I waited for a damn Hamburger, Fries and soda for 45 effing minutes. It was about 15 dollars. It didn't taste extraordinary either. People where complaining. My suggestion if you are going to do Vegas don't stay here and stay at a decent hotel.
2	Was there in March and have to say the staff not as friendly as they once were!
1	So I cringed when my friends told me they had booked our room here.  I in fact almost didn't want to go to Vegas at all because of it.  And, although i had never stayed at the Riviera before this last trip, I had been inside... once, and that was PLENTY enough of a visit to make me realize I had never wanted to go back.  But.... Ballers on a Budget Vegas trip led us to a few nights at the Riviera... And i almost had to shoot myself.  I was the first one to arrive and had to wait 3 hrs before the rest of my girls joined me.  I don't know how many long islands i had but they were the only thing that were keeping me from shooting someone up in this place.  Other then getting eye F--ked by 50 year scum bags, there was NO one even relatively close to my age in there, EVERYTHING is dated and there is just absolutely nothing appealing about the place.  Damn Roullette table took my $$ in about 5 mins with less then friendly dealers.  You couldn't pay me to come back and spend another night here.
1	Not a fan of the Riviera Hotel & Casino! All the magic that might have been here once as has packed up and left for a better place..For the longest time I tried to look for a reason to not only visit the hotel, but also to stay a night or two.  I had heard a few good reviews in the past and was really looking forward to the day when the stars would align and I would get to play and stay.Well that day finally came and I can only say my whole experience was one disappointment after another.  Yea, the food was "okay" but nothing to detour from some other hotels for.   The alcohols flows, but not with quite the same zeal as other places.   The gaming was, well, present.  But not really all that exciting.  They also had their little mini-shows by the bar/gaming areas and they had the standard passable acts you see other places.  Their headliner show  "Crazy Girls" was is a show that is little aged and getting sloppy.  One you should pass on by unless free and also dragged into.  The rooms still need an update to give them an appearance of the 2000's instead of the 1970's.All of the items above I could have taken with a grain of salt expect for one thing that kept hitting me in the face over and over and that was this.  At every turn in the hotel I kept felling like the hotel was trying to suck the money right out of me without so much as a smile or a thanks.This attitude showed when I first checked into the Riviera.  The staff all looked like they were stressed and could barely be put off by taking your name and looking up your reservation.   I would have understood the attitude if there had actually been some kind of crowd checking in at the time. But there were many empty locations when I walked up and got the sour puss from the reception desk.  When I had made my reservations (directly with the hotel)I has requested several details about the room I wanted.  I have a standard list of items I liek that has developed over years of hotel stays.  This list  was given to the hotel two months before check in.  But the person at reception had no idea of the desires given for the room.  Instead I was left negotiating a last minute change to get back to what I had originally requested in the first place.At every meal in the place I never quite felt like I was getting full value for what I spent.  Sure it was "acceptable".  But I always felt the little extras that spell out attention to detail were missing.  The presentation was always unexciting and the garnishes were non-existent.  let's just say you could get the smae at any decent restaurant in Las Vegas.  For certain there is a better experience to be had any any other hotel restaurant.  The Bellagio's establishments easily come to mind. I also felt like I was being gouged for other hotel services I took advantage of.  One of them tat comes to mind is the shipping office.  I had a few things I didn't want to drag back on the plane with me.  While I was prepared to pay a little extra because of the shipping taking place at a hotel, I was actually disturbed at the inflated rates the Riviera charges its customers to send or revceive packages.  The plus side to the shipping office was the staff.  They had a great attitude when helping out the customer.  Something I found utterly lacking in the rest of the hotel save for the maids.A quick note on the room pricing.  The Riviera is no deal at all.  I am not one to be cheap.  I even take a a generous attitude when it comes to tipping everyone, including the maid staff making up my room.  But I did not feel I had gotten the value I have come to expect from a major Las Vegas hotel.  You might get lucky and get the room at a low rate but that is where the value ends.  And in Vegas you never depend on luck when smarts will get you better rewards.The best thing I can say about the Riviera is they had the same feel of the Dunes Hotel the last time I stay there years ago.  And we all know what happened to that place!  Time for the Riviera to be razed as well!  At this point the only good thing about the Riviera Hotel is the outside facade it presents in lights at night,I will not be returning to Riviera hotel as any time in the future. if I can help it   I would even look elsewhere first for a room even if conference or trade show I am attending is in the Riviera hotel  And that my friends is saying a lot coming from a person whose falls into bed after all day at a trade show.
2	Hahaha ha ha.  What a shithole.Yep, like everyone else, we stayed here on a last-minute package vacation deal cuz it was cheap as hell.  I doubt anyone comes here because they actually choose to.  You think, whatever, I can gamble in another casino, or spend all my time in nicer casinos.  And that's exactly what you do.  Except there's a few things that are kind of annoying about staying in a shitty hotel/casino and spending all your time in nicer places, like having to return to your shitty hotel/casino in the middle of the night.  And having to wake up there and go down to your shitty pool.  And having no convieniently-located dining options except for shitty restaurants.  The staff was ok.  No one was rude, surprisingly - people were actually pretty friendly and jolly overall, said hi and how are you whenever we walked past.  Except for the security guard who told me to put my flip-flops back on my swollen and blistered feet was I was walking to my room.  Harumph.  They had no problem with me walking barefoot through the Bellagio or the Venetian - one of the managers at the Bellagio laughed when he saw me do it and said "Good idea!"  Stupid Riviera.Room was ok.  Clean, average.  Air conditioner was kind of noisy.Casino sucks, and is depressing.  Cocktail waitresses are scarce, and when they do take your order, take a goddamn eon to deliver it.  And god help you if you don't tip every single time - you'll get a nice dose of baditude and some audible snide comments.  Barely any tables open, even on Saturday night.Pool is lame.  Deep enough to dive into, but that's about the only good part.  Reminds me of a Best Western or Motel 6 pool.  Not cool.Restaurants are not only lame, but downright laughable.  With all the amazing dining options in Vegas, they expect people to be stupid enough to eat at a putrid-looking Asian restaurant that serves California rolls in bento boxes along with chow mein and kung pao chicken, or an Italian restaurant so creatively entitled "Ristorante Italiano".  Yeah, you gotta be f'n kidding me.All in all, if you have really, really low expectations, don't mind walking about 20 minutes to get somewhere nice, and this isn't your first Vegas trip (unlike my bf, unfortunately) then go ahead and stay here, and don't eat at any of the restaurants.
4	This was the fifth casino I wandered into last night, and it was also the very first that provided me with a visit from a cocktail waitress as soon as I sat down to play.  Just as with my last visit, the waitress immediately appeared and took my order, then delivered it promptly.  All the while she was smiling and very polite.  Other yelpers have complained about slow cocktail service, but that's never been my experience at the Riviera.  It did appear to me that there were fewer machines on the floor than last time.  The selection didn't seem to be up to par, but I still found one that I could lose some money in.
1	Riviera Hotel is a totally piece of crap that you want to avoid at all cost. I am not gambling person. I just stayed for one night rest when I traveled to Utah. The room was horrible and suspiciously unclean, and worst the shower didn't work. For the fee they charged me, the room was unacceptable. I wonder why this piece of junk had not been demolished for good. AVOID it.It does not deserve even just one star. Yelp, why don't you guys provide 0 star choice  for better rating experience? You have a candidate for it here.
3	Oldschool and dumpy.  We only stopped here because it was over 100 degrees and we were walking from the Hilton to the Strip and needed to take a break.  We signed up for the Players Club and were offered a choice of free tickets to any of the shoes or slot credits.  We took the slot credits just because we did not have time for a show.  However one of the shows was Charo who have seen  in the past.  She is awesome and funny so if you are in Vegas stop into the Riviera and get free tickets.  Also  there is a topless magic show dubbed "Abracasexy". Another plus is that an ABC store is located in this dump.  A great place to buy cheap drinks and snacks.  Long live ABC stores and the cheap Hawaiian iced teas they carry!
4	Stayed at the Riviera in March as part of a spring break trip with a bunch of my fraternity brothers.  The price we got on it from travelocity was $320 for 4 nights and round trip airfare- not too shabby.  I think all of us were pleased with our rooms.  They looked like they were recently redone as they had flat panel HDTV's in all the rooms, the beds were neat with what looked like new bedding, and the rooms were clean.  Seeing how most of us only slept in them for about 4-6 hours at a time before heading back out they were perfect.  The pool was nothing special, but the towel service was free, and we never had a problem getting chairs.The casino is small and has $5 minimums on most games.  I found waitress service to be pretty good, and usually was getting a new corona around the time I was finishing my last one.  All the dealers and players were pretty nice (one dealer even remembered me from a few nights before).  The hotel is on the North Strip which a lot of people complain about- for us it wasn't bad since we spent a lot of time at Slots-a-Fun and had no problem taking the walk down to the Wynn or Encore when we were feeling more classy.  We did however not really get to see too much of the South Strip.  The Riv is also within walking distance of the Capriotti's on W.Sahara.  Good experience, and I'd stay here again.
1	first time staying here stayed only becasue of price at last minute i agree its time to level this hotel and build new one great back in 70s but now no way in resturaunt  we fought flys needed ride to primm nevada no clue from staff at cab area room was clean bed were good this is the first hotell ive been in that didnt have a couch or chair in the  registration area had to stand and wait till 12 to get room. i hope to never stay here again it kinda spoils your trip when you have a dumpy hotel once again the good thing was the price at last minute
2	Ok... I payed 25 dollars on Priceline so I can't complain too much... But...So as we pass by all the beautiful Vegas hotels, Bellagio, Wynn & Encore, I start to get excited because I'm in Vegas. But nothing to kill your Vegas boner like seeing the Riviera in the daytime. Damn.So old school, walking in I had all these 80 flashback moments when my grandma use to take me to Vegas when I was like 4.The rooms were ok... But then something tells you to look down at the sheets and no.Are those stains?"Yes"...White ones?"Yes"...Yea.... So the only way to remedy this is to B.Y.O.B. (Bring your own blankets), or ask house keeping for one of those felt sheets. Fold it in half and sleep on top of the sheets.Our toilet was clogged with hair when we arrived. I swear I had a Ring/ Dark Water/ Grudge moment.The pool was cute. Thats about it.Of course who really sleeps in Vegas though sooo.... If I ever do a turn around again I will check this out for 25.
2	It's not a bad hotel, but it's not the best either.  It's like the Motel 6 on the strip.  The bathroom needs to be updated with new counter tops and sinks. This hotel makes me feel like I'm in Vegas, but in the 60's or something.  The crowd is older and more hick.  Even though the price is cheaper, you're paying a lot for cab prices.  So why not just spend the cab money on a hotel closer to the strip and be fabulous?  Unless you are driving, then sure why not stay here.It does have a very vintage Vegas feeling to it.  :-)
3	This place is pretty old and not really well-located on the Strip.  it is down near Circus Circus.  One day, this will be prime real estate, but today isn't that day.  Circus Circus will likely come down in the not-so-distant future as part of MGM's plan for expansion.  When that happens, who knows what they will do with "The Riv".  And if MGM flops with the City Center project opening soon (I have mixed feelings on that one) it may be a LONG time until this part of the Strip gets a much needed facelift.Inside, this place is old, but it is holding up because the ceilings aren't low like you find in some old casinos (think Trop).  I go in for a drink from time to time.  The bartenders are friendly and the drinks are cheap.  That is a plus.I usually complain about it when they tear down old places like this, so I am giving three stars.  A massive renovation and expansion could bring this property up to speed, I feel.  However, don't hold your breath.  I haven't stayed in the hotel so this review does not cover that.
1	Walking into this place is like stepping back in time.  Circa 1978.  Back in the day, my parents would come to Vegas to see Rich Little, Joan Rivers, and Frank.  (if you ask "Frank who?" I will punch you in the crotch).  And the Riviera was the place to be.  Emphasis on WAS.Today, it's just a relic of what used to be hot in 1970s Vegas.  Oh, sure, they boast of "upgraded" rooms on their website.  Really, it's just a change in furniture and new linens.  That would be like your grandma getting a boob job.  Her tits would look like they belonged on a 20 year old, but the rest of her would still be busted.  Old, wrinkled, and hella busted.So why did I stay here, you ask?  Good question.  I was here for a conference, and the room was pre-paid.  If I could do it all again, I would have stayed at the Bellagio and commuted down the strip everyday.This whole end of the strip is sketchy.  Not as sketchy as downtown (a crack head once offered to eat me out. it was scary), but I wouldn't wander around outside after dark.  I don't think that I would return unless someone paid me.  Even then.....
3	If you choose to be a cheap ass & stay at the Riviera, you can't really bitch & moan about the outdated decor & the hotel's lack of overall fabulosity. Obviously, this place is way past it's prime, but you get what you pay for; so if you're willing to shell out $450-$550 a night, you can stay at the Bellagio or Venetian & be amongst the *happy* reviewers who *just adored* their fancy hotel & therefore, gave it 5 shining stars. But, if you are booking last minute (like we did) or aren't ballin' outta control, you're gonna have to settle for the Riviera & all its shortcomings, including some ghetto clientele & no aesthetically pleasing place to rest your eyes.Look at that, i guess you *can* really bitch & moan, despite paying dirt cheap prices. I'm an ungrateful bastard, what do you want from me?"Meh, I've experienced better," but an extra star for:- we tipped the lady when checking in & she upgraded us to a suite- every person on staff we encountered was super pleasant & helpful- ABC stores in the hotel that sells my favorite drink in the world: hawaiian sun!- pretty good value, considering you're still staying on the strip.
1	Don't stay here. I was ROBBED here. If I could give zero stars I would.SInce I could be held legally liable if I make any accusations, I'll simply say that I left a cell phone charger plugged into the wall behind the bedside table and $200 in my wallet hidden in a messenger bag in my suitcase in my locked room at 9:30am and when I came back around 3:30pm the room was cleaned and so was my wallet. Those are the facts. Anyone with some common sense could put two and two together. My charger was also missing. Take that for what you will. The cleaning staff denied anything and were not helpful. They actually threatened to call security because I was upset (to which I responded I should call the cops because I was robbed) but I said get security up here, they should know I've been robbed. Security looked around the room but ultimately did not nothing but had me fill out a "report," and of course I've heard nothing from them since.As a COURTESY, we were not charged for leaving our hotel early, because I obviously I did not want to stay in a hotel, let alone the room, where I was robbed. Of course, I had already paid the price for staying with them and then some, but that was of no concern to them.I'm fully aware that one should not leave valuables in the room, but its not like I left this sitting out in the open. "Whoever" took it, clearly went through my stuff to find it. Either way, the hotel took no responsibility whatsoever and was anything but apologetic. Whether it was hotel staff, another guest with secret agent skills and a master key, or a magic unicorn that stole my money and iPhone charger, this hotel is clearly not a secure place to stay. It ruined my entire experience in Las Vegas.Don't stay here. Just don't. Find any other place.
3	Wow, people were really harsh about this hotel...but our room was decent and clean (well not clean on arrival at 4, but we dumped our stuff and took off for the strip) and upon returning in an hour the room was tidy. Look folks, we've paid three times as much for half the room in NYC so this was really not so bad...really. We stayed in the "Monaco Tower"? And we had a comfy King size bed with a flat screen TV. We are non-smokers which in Vegas makes us outcasts I know....but our room smelled fresh and smoke free (very important to us). Yeah the Casino and pool area are a tad dated, but the ABC store open all night was handy when we came in at 1:30 needing a quick snack to take back to the room. We were able to walk from our hotel down the strip (this was Oct. and in the low 80's, so doable). So I'd say all the horror stories here I guess had me prepared for the absolute worst, and I've stayed in much worse. This was okie Dokie....so quit your bitchin', you want 5 stars go stay at a 5 star....
1	What a joke.   I had to wait 20 minutes to get in Andrew Dice Clay show and 20 minutes in line for a drink.   There was no cocktail servers in the room ..   $116 for VIP tickets (each) and I can't get a drink?   I love dice - but please.  I paid for VIP tickets and this overweight Latin host says I need to tip her $20 to be closer.   Why pay for VIP.  Management check her, shes bad news. Hooters is nicer than this rat hole. Tear it down.  And dice come on I'll pay more to see you at a nicer venue.
2	Remember the Carter Administration? Yeah, I do too, and I was reminded of it walking through this dump.It's hard to believe that the Riv was once Dean Martin's home turf - what the hell happened?This whole end of the Strip is extremely depressing: meth heads lurking about, various other shady characters (think People of Wal-Mart parts 1,2, and 4!) and this was during the day, my friends. My friend's grandmother used to stay here all the time; she's been comped rooms here since the 70's, which was probably the last time the ash trays were emptied. I made a quick trip up here, just for nostalgia sake, and beat a path for the door as soon as I got a Bloody Mary in hand.  The bartender was very friendly and the drink strong (reason for the extra star). There's a lingering sadness about the place, one of better days, like taking a trip to Versailles.Visiting the Riviera is like watching your dog die.  I, for one, won't shed a tear when this puppy is finally put to sleep.
3	So as usual-photoshoot in the desert and decided to stay in Vegas to have some fun. Went to hotels.com and looked at the cheap hotels-I saw the Riviera on the list and hadn't stayed here before so I thought I'd give it a try. I noticed on the reservation that I could choose the upgrade of "Encore Room" so I paid the whopping $8 more and was blown away by the room. the whole price was under $40 for a Sunday and the room was super!! Flatscreen tv, ipod dock radio, granite bathroom with fancy soaps. The bed was to die for. I only wish I had had some company ;0)The bad stuff-it's in a lame part of the strip-oh right-it's on the strip. Parking is abysmal and confusing-no valets and it's hard to load and unload your bags, the front desk people are like drill instructors. But did you see that it was UNDER $40!!! The last room I stayed in that was as nice was the Doubletree in San Jose-and it was $120 a night. Do it...
3	I'm so not intersted in hotels in Vegas, I'm the if there's a bed and shower sorta girl I'm cool. However since this hotel was close to all of Former Yelp Elite Member Carol C Vegas Wedding Weekend Agenda, I picked this one. First impression mean everything to me and I was not impressed at all by the first contact to this hotel, the check in is so cold and in-personal. You have to use a Kiosk to check in, then the person standing behind the counter will give you a room key and of course the "just in case you break crap in our room" bill. I even told the Guest Service Rep. how impersonal their check in system was, supposedly it's suppose to make things easier..WHATEVER! okay I'm calm now and make my way to my King size bedroom in the Morango Tower and surprise, surprise, the room was nice and clean and decent and actually quite nice. Once I settled in, I decided to walk amongst the hotel grounds and this place is HUGE, they have everything.. their own tattoo parlour, their own wedding chapel, hair salon, their own mini mall ( including my favorite ABC store), their own shows and theater and convention center, pool and tennis courts included, I even got a water massage. Several restaurants to choose from and was just giggly to see they had my penny slut machines. Okay for what I didn't like... after all day/night of partying it's so tiresome to walk all that way to your room, 2ndly why have the DO NOT DISTURB SIGN UP, when I'm sleeping off a hangover just for the maid to open my locked door and whisper Housekeeping,she quickly closed the door when she noticed I was still in bed asleep. Besides that I can see myself here again and most likely will. Oh and did I mention I won $ 150 on the penny sluts playing $20.00... VEGAS BABY , VEGAS!
3	After spending a whole day traipsing around Death Valley, I was merely looking for a place to rest my weary head. So I got on Hotwire and found the cheapest 3 star hotel there was located on the strip and got the Riviera (just for reference I got it for $28 on a Wednesday night). I wasn't expecting much and that's exactly what I got. The casino floor feels like a library. There are maybe about ten people on the whole floor. The room surprised me though. I'm pretty sure the room hasn't been renovated since it was built but they did change two things. The beds are plush and comfortable and there is a flat screen TV. The two things that a man needs to be happy. Plus it didn't stink unlike some other lower quality places on the strip (ahem....Imperial Palace....ahem)My biggest gripe is the location. It's located just north of the Wynn so it's far away from the action. Luckily I had a car so it wasn't too bad.
5	I'm giving this the top rating because it's way more than I expected for the price.  Most of the bad reviews are from people comparing this to the nicer hotels and casinos on the strip.  Not a fair comparison.  It's a great 3-star hotel off the main part of the strip.Staff:  The staff here are super friendly, from the woman greeting me at the front desk to the guy who unlocked my room safe.Room:  Clean, nice, modern.  Nothing fancy.  Ask for the Monaco Tower.  Other rooms are apparently older.Location: Perfect if you're going to CES since it backs onto the LVCC parking lot.  Literally a 6-minute walk from my room to the conference center.  Others on the main strip had to wait for shuttles, pay for cabs, and fight through traffic.  It's also a $6 cab ride to the Wynn or a relatively safe 20 minute walk.Casino:  Looks lame but that's not part of my review.  Just talking about a cheap, safe, clean, convenient place to stay.If you're coming to Vegas for CES or anything at the LVCC, the Riviera is perfect.  If you're coming to lounge around at your hotel then you'll probably want to pay the extra $$$ and stay on the main part of the strip.
2	We came here as part of a conference. The rooms were pretty beat up, my bathroom had no fan, and though the beds were comfortable I couldn't sleep because the space under the dividing door was large allowing entire conversations to disturb me from next door. Also, since so many people smoke, the linens smelled like cigarettes as they had obviously been washed with smokers' linens.The hotel lobby itself was a mixture of disgusting cigarette smoke (stale) blinking lights and cocktail waitresses and carpeting that looked like they had been there since the 70s. It was horrible and tacky.The conference rooms themselves were thankfully smoke free, so I mostly ran from the conference room up to my room. Overall the conference area of the hotel was functional and well lit, with clean bathrooms. One problem however was coffee. Apparently we were "foreigners" because we wanted espresso. There wasn't a starbucks or decent latte to be found anywhere near the hotel.Mostly what upsets me about he whole experience, is that we paid three times as much at the "special conference price" for a crappy hotel room that was going for a third of the price on the riviera's website. So I paid $99 for a room advertised that night for $27. I think the conference was taken for a ride. Circus Circus across the street as well as the Hilton a little down the way were going for very reduced prices as well: Circus Circus $30, Hilton $49. If you are conference organizer, the conference space was great, but organize better prices at a nicer hotel.
1	I would give this "hotel" a negative 5 stars if it were possible. I was harassed catcalled and followed during my stay. I filed a report with "security" but they are NOT to be trusted. Some of my items were missing. I checked out but never got any refund for the rest of my week and a half stay. This place is NOT SAFE especially for women. PLEASE BEWARE!!
3	This is an  OK. place to stay  in Las Vegas. The room looked clean.  The AC was working and the air did not smell of Cigarette smoke.  I had a nice view of the Las Vegas strip.  My room  had a desk with a marble top.  I really like it, since it gave the room a touch of class. Room was quiet.  The hotel does have a convenience store downstairs and a good breakfast cafe (Kadies, opens at 6 AM). It is located on the northern edge of the Las Vegas strip, across from Circus Circus. On the other hand, it did not have free WIFI.  I think paying 9 dollars to get 1 Mbs internet access is ridiculous.  No complimentary coffee and tea.  The room had an alarm clock, but the time on the clock was off by 10 to 15 minutes.  I could not figure out how to reset the clock time.  If I did, the alarm clock would be more useful.  Moreover, you cannot set the temp of the room.  All rooms have the same temperature setting, if you do not like it , too bad.
4	Hey, It was my first time...as an adult...in Vegas; The Riviera was cheap.Although our room was facing construction, it was more than enough for us. What do you do when you're in Vegas?? SLEEP?! I think not....We used it for our day naps, and our opportunities to make some pre-drinks. We are a young couple and it was perfect for us. We took the deuce EVERYWHERE and drove the final day....perfectly convenient. The staff was, as said, low on customer service. Overall, It was exactly what we needed. We probably wouldn't stay there again, mostly because we loved some of the other casinos a little more.If you're looking for a great deal, while still having a nice clean room to rest your head, check it out.
1	This review is for the casino only, and after hanging out there for a couple hours, I probably would not consider getting a room here, even if it was free. I'm the kind of person that doesn't mind paying a little more for service, or at least some personality. I dropped my money off at the blackjack tables, and the roullete table, and of the six or seven different dealers that ran them, NOT ONE was polite, funny or even smiling. If you're gonna take my money, at least give me a smile. Smiles are free at McDonalds, and they have a dollar menu. The last table I played, the Roullete dealer barked at me for picking up my chips too soon, and gave me a look that made me want to knock his nose in. The waitress that was taking drinks at first did not want to give me a drink because I wasn't seated, and when I showed her my stack of chips on the table, she rolled her eyes back and said, "well whadda ya want then?" Don't these people work on tips? Yeah, stay the hell away from this place.
1	I wish I could drop the rating below the one star mark.... a while back I had to complete a western union transaction and the riviera was marked as the closest spot to me at the time.  Oh how I wish there was an alternative place to do business... everyone in the cage was rude and condescending.  I mean, its not like I was asking them to jump through hoops.  They took a tone with me so that I knew THEY were in charge of this encounter.  LOL   I havent been back to the property since, nor do I have any intention of going back.  I drove by there yesterday and my encounter popped into my head triggering this bad memory.   I will spare you the specific details of what they said, but just know... customer service is at a low priority here!   Sad.....
4	I don't go to vegas to sleep.That said - the Riviera was just okay.  The room was decent and the staff was pretty friendly.  Yeah, the pool is nothing to write home about, but it's not like you're planning on giving your mom a play-by-play of what you did in Vegas so that's not that big of a deal.Basically, you can buy a bunch of drinks for the money you save on the hotel room so I'm a fan - why not?
3	Nice place to get an idea of what "Old Vegas" was about.  Decent food and nice selection of table games and machines.  Truly beyond it's prime.
1	When your taxi driver tells you he hasn't been here in years and wouldn't touch a thing in the place, and your room rate was astoundingly cheap when you booked, you start to wonder what the place is going to be like, and you hope your (low) expectations are not going to be met. Unfortunately, they will be. I took one look around here, interacted with a few scowling, unfriendly, unhelpful staff members, and decided I'd rather fork out the one night's cancellation and relocate to the Hilton across the street than spend two nights here. Three people who didn't told me how smart I was. You've been warned. It's depressing; filled with people gambling away their social security checks and chain smoking. Avoid.
1	Had I known about the Bellagio special up the street that made their rooms almost the same cost as the rooms in this crappy hotel, I never would have stayed here. In fact I bet the only reason our conference was at this hotel was because they probably gave our society some amazing deal on conference space rental probably because they had no other business otherwise.Why do you ask? Well let me tell you. First, the WHOLE hotel smells like smoke. I know it is legal in Vegas blah blah blah, but this hotel reeked. AND to top it off, our no-smoking room smelled so much like cigarettes it made me and my roommate have a headache and made all of our clothes instantly smell like it too!You ask, well you should have called to have your room switched? WELL I DID. And I had to be transferred 4 times before I could talk to a manager who then maybe believed me that my room smelled like smoke. I AM THE CUSTOMER! And when it comes to second hand smoke you and your hotel should really try a little harder to please your guests. So they had to send up an inspector to ENSURE that the room actually smelled like smoke, because they still didn't believe me since I was in the non-smoking tower, and they claimed there was no way it could smell that way.Guess what, the inspector walked in and said, wow it really does smell like smoke in here. And we FINALLY got transferred about an hour later! This is just unacceptable treatment. And the hotel didn't say sorry, didn't comp us or anything. Know what else was bad? Well their key cards for the doors were constantly not working, the hair dryer only worked in 2 second intervals and then would need over 10 minutes of rest before it could be turned on again, the wifi is slow and pricey, the drink girls were how do i say this nicely totally not vegas material, the decor just made me feel run down just looking at it, the food in this hotel is not good, and last but not least? Well, this hotel is so unpopular (maybe the scary clown across the street at circus circus scares some away), that you cannot get a cab here to save your life. I waited 20 minutes until a cab was bold enough to drive down the cab lane. And when I got in and said I was going to the Bellagio, my driver asked, oh is that where you are staying? This hotel isn't very good. At that moment I knew that I was officially jealous of everyone I knew in the Bellagio, and that I would never stay at this hotel ever again. Oh ya, and with our room with two queen beds, they charged us $20 extra a night for a third guest! When two people could sleep in one of those beds!!! Grrrrrr
4	I stayed at the Riviera for only $29. I thought it was great. I can't believe people are complaining about the rooms! Next time go to the Bellagio and spend $300 an night! Not only did I get a great price on the room, but I also got Half Price show tickets for some great shows like Barbra & Frank and the greatest comedy club in Vegas - The Riviera Comedy Club. I got the coupons at http://tinyurl.com/2e8wb6v or http://www.destinationcoupons.com
2	We go to Vegas once a year and have stayed at the Riviera for the past 4. I always considered it a great deal until this year. The room was dirty when we arrived and the maid never did clean up the blue stuff on the floor. The dealers are depressing the past two years I've had dealers with injured hands complaining of how much pain they were in. Riviera fills a niche of an affordable casino on the strip but they definately need some team building and quality control in the housekeeping and casino depts.
2	This hotel and casino for sure fits into the old school vegas.  It's still vintage like something out of a movie.  When I first entered I walked through the food court.  Yeah I said it...a freaking food court, it didn't even feel like i was in vegas, maybe some small town's mall.  The neon lights were mostly faded showing of signs of wear and tear.  So why was i here? My friend was in a pool tournament, the BCAPL National 8 ball championship.  Their pool room is actually not half bad.  I know nothing about competitive pool but it was interesting to see all them playing head to head and only missing at the most 1-2 shots a match.  It felt like EPSN on sunday afternoons without football.
1	I stayed here after my friend received a great deal on priceline for $50/night during the SUMMER!  This wknd in Vegas was overly packed, so we were happy when we got such a great deal on a hotel!  Let me start by saying that I didnt really know that this hotel was so far down the strip... but its fine.. we could deal with the distance- not a big deal at all.First off.. we reserved a two bed, non smoking room.. When we went to check in they had given our room up to whoever, and all that was left were a one bed non smoking or SMOKING rooms.  The lady at the front desk obviously didnt give two craps about what we wanted and basicalyl said too bad.. and said she would send a roll away.  Fine. Whatever.  it was already late and I had some late night partying to do, so we took what we got (the one bedroom non-smoking) and made our way to the room.  The room was nice!  It was clean, it wasn't dingy, the beds looked new, the bathrooms redone!  Ok.. not so bad at all!  But an hour later, where was the roll away?!  We called the front desk and the woman has the nerve to tell us that they have 1 runner for 5 buildings, AND that because we booked it on PRICELINE,  we basically would have to wait longer.  Excuse me?!  What does HOW the room was booked have to do with the type of service we receive?!  Umm manager please!  The manager apologized and said that the employees are not allowed to make comments such as that.  Within two minutes, the rollaway arrived.  The next day after lunch, we returned to our hotel for a mid-afternoon nap (hey we partied till 5 am.. we were tired!) So we decided to give our car back to the valet.  It was full, but the previous nite, the valet was nice and held our car till they found a spot for us- no hassle.  This time- "im sorry the valet is full".  But we had seen TWO people pick their cars UP from valet.  how can it be full?Then the valet guy asked us what room we were staying in, so we told him.  His answer, " well Im not supposed to valet for you anyways".  WHAT?!  Apparently that valet is reserved for ONLY people in THIS building, but there is NO OTHER VALET in the hotel.  Are you kidding me!?  Parked the car, then went to the manager AGAIN.  His answer to this situation? "Im sorry thats a different department."  wtf.  He was going to comp us breakfast for the morning, basically to quiet us down.. but what he should have done after ALL that is comped us ONE night in the damn hotel, especially because we listed every complaint we had from the beginning.All in all, the place it self wasnt bad.  But the service in this place makes this place totally NOT worth staying at (and btw, apparently a LOT of other ppl were complaining too).  Do not stay here if you want a pleasant experience!
3	After booking my room on priceline I read a bunch of bad reviews on the web and was dreading my stay there. Since I named my price on priceline there was no way I could get out of it... and I tried. I was stuck! Check-in went smooth, I was greeted by friendly, helpful staff. The casino's air filter system was noticeable better than some of the other casinos I had visited. The room was surprisingly nice!! The room looked like it had been recently remodeled, current decor, clean, and a flat screen TV with a nice view of the courtyard and pool. The beds were very comfortable which included extra pillows, synthetic down comforters and a pillow top mattress. The bathroom was clean, modern and stocked with Bath & Body soap, lotion, etc. All that and I only spent $40 for the room on priceline (and that was for a Friday night)!!!!My only complaint would be how early they close down the pool area (7pm on a Friday night) but they have a life guard on staff and in Las Vegas's present economic situation, I guess shutting down the pool early isn't unreasonable. It is located at the end of the strip, across the street from Circus Circus. If you are looking to walk out of your hotel and see a roller coaster, pirate ship and/ or Celine Dion then it probably isn't a good location. I am not sure why there are so many bad reviews online? Perhaps some bitter gamblers that went home broke, or some unreasonable tourists that couldn't afford a real vacation so they ended up going to Vegas looking for that Paris vacation and left disappointed??
1	Apparently desperate times call for desperate measures. I stayed here last year for the Singapore Math convention and swore blind never again to patronize this hotel... I hate it when I find myself having to eat my words...This year, I'm attending the same conference with a friend who, after four rounds of chemotherapy has difficulty walking and in need of frequent naps. With such limited options, I reluctantly re-booked the hotel.The staff were lackluster last year and this time, again, they didn't disappoint. They made it clear that they would not provide any special services in spite of my friend's afflicted state. I could get a coffee-maker for my sparsely furnished (but clean) room - but that would cost me $40 for our three nights.I wished I could say we made up for it with cheap room rates... we didn't... our pitiful room cost $99 a night - special conference rates, apparently. A horrific rip-off, even by Las Vegas standards, especially considering we have to walk through 110 deg temperatures in the outdoors to get to the restaurants.Next year, we're putting the room rental money towards taxi fares from the Bellagio.Boooooooo.
3	OkGot a smokin' deal on this hotel on Priceline.Was very nervous....BUT AWESOMENESS!We arrived on a Friday night, no line for check in, got in the newly renovated tower (Monaco).... and found that our room was modernly appointed, with a flatscreen tv and a comfy bed!So... hells yes I'd stay here again if I wanted to do Vegas uber uber cheap!
1	I like many others was pleased to get a hotel room in Vegas for $50/night on a summer weekend. The room was pretty nice. Comfy mattress and nice television. However, I was very disappointed to discover that when I got back to the room after being out all day, $40 had been stolen from my bag! I could have used the safe for $3.50/day, but I've never had this happen at any hotel I've stayed at and since I didn't leave it laying around I had no idea that somebody would go through all my stuff to find money. What was even worse was I reported it to hotel security and they came to the room to do a report and I haven't heard anything from the hotel about it. It's only been a few days, but I know if I was a business owner I would follow up on something like this within a day. I mean, at least offer me show tickets, buffet tickets, anything. I will never stay there again.
1	All I can say is that this is just a step up from The Plaza. Pretty run down and bugs in the lobby bathrooms. Housekeepng does a piss poor job cleaning. Stinks when they are done. Hairs on comforter.All n all pretty gross and wouldn't  be broken hearted if it got raised for the builing of something new.   Save your money and stay at Encore or the Wynn.
2	Rude staff.   Below average rooms.
4	I have stayed here twice now - both times for one night only. I have to say - I AM A FAN! The rooms that I have had - one King Room and one suite were fantastic value for money and were clean and well decorated.The casino floor is far from amazing, but I kind of like the old fashioned vibe that it has. It is run down in places, but when you consider the price paid for the value you get - AMAZING!It would be a big shame to lose hotels like the Riviera. They give a reminder of the older Vegas and luckily a reminder of old Vegas room prices!Long live the Riviera!
3	3.75 stars. Value. This is what the Riveria is about. Don't say it's a terrible place! For a less than $75 per night reservation, it's pretty decent and comfortable and you're still on The Strip! Though the service at the Registration Desk may not be above par, you will be serviced but not particularly in a prompt and friendly manner. But again, who cares! There was an electrical blackout during our stay at The Riveria, so the A/C and the electricity was out until the evening. So wait time wasn't great, but we did end up getting a clean room at the Monaco Towers. King-sized bed, TV, bathroom...all clean and good to go.  HOUSEKEEPING: We had the "do not disturb" sign during the day, but housekeeping still cleaned our room. I guess they don't pay attention to signs at these hotels! PERKS: large parking lot and nice pool area.
2	got a room very cheap on priceline. well, much cheaper than other hotels. Overall, paid just a few dollars less than if I'd gone directly through the hotel. casino smells very heavily of smoke, but it is an older casino, so to be expected?... But definitely noticed the smoke it more than at the other casinos we visited. check-in line on friday night at 10:30pm was LONG and took about 25 minutes. The lady taking care of us was not friendly, but also not rude.Bellman was prompt and friendly.Was able to upgrade from the smoking tower to the next nicer tower. Room was clean. And upon checkout, I was told the upgrade would be $10/day (2 days) but was only charged the resort fee of $15and change.Parking was pretty awful. Often Valet was full (as was self-park). Once at the valet stand, he said they were full but asked what room we were in. He suggested we try self park again but if we couldn't find anything, to come back to him and he'd see what he could do. This incident made me think of another yelp review I'd read about a  customer being told that their car couldn't be valeted because they were in the cheap tower. WHAT?!?It seems there was another parking garage WAAAAY at the back of the hotel property but there were no signs indicating so. So the last night we were there, we actually parked in the HILTON parking garage! what a hassle!!!The times we did use valet, they were prompt.Would do my best to try one of the other less than stellar hotels (like casino royale or imperial palace) before coming here again
2	This hotel is probably side by side just as bad as Circus Circus and Stratosphere. It is close than both those hotels as far as the strip is concerned but they are both far from all the action. There is not much going in or around the Casino as far as gambling or young activity so unless your like 70+ and your boring. The hotel rooms itself are ok and if you are on a budget than you have to do what you have to do right? The good to this place is that there is a good cheesesteak place and the wynn is only walking distance from the hotel so you can always have fun at the Wynn or Encore but you are not staying there. Ive experience better.....
2	The Asian restaurant here called the Banana Leaf was surprisingly very, very good with riendly service.  The Queen Victoria pub is ok but good for a little variety on beer.  And we picked up a medium pizza with 2 drinks via room service, and it was only like $20, which we thought was pretty good for room service at 2am.Other than the above 3, I would not eat at many other locations at this casino.
1	Let's start with the good: A man named 'Wasi' at the brunch buffet was exceptionally attentive and friendly. Apart from that? ...the pool didn't have too much chlorine in it.If the price makes you excited to be getting a place 'on the strip,' calm down. The Riviera is a sad, crumbling grasp at the Vegas experience. We found a cockroach in our room and I *had to ask* that we be compensated with something more than a new room. They gave us two comps for a 15$ buffet I wouldn't have paid 5$ for.
1	I know this place has history and is part of the Las Vegas Legacy, however We went here for the APA Nationals where over 800 pool teams and over 1000 players were going to be staying or residing here at some point throughout the week. Way under staffed for the amount of people. The first night we arrived, we went through 6 sets of room keys that DID NOT work...everytime we wanted to go to our room, we had to stop by the front desk and ask them to again fix our keys, and send security up to let us in, if the keys did not work.  Finally we got switched to a better room the next day, with a key that worked, however the only comp we got was a free breakfast at their horrible buffet... yuck! The good points:The pool, the poker tables, the victoria pub, and the new room was really nice. If we do make it back to vegas again for nationals, I will stay at the Hilton!
4	I stay here @ least 2 to 3 times a year. Always good service, plus I get discounts with them now :-) Rooms are cozy & clean & they have mini refrigerators in the rooms!
3	Our group stayed here for our Vegas trip. I would have much more liked to stay in a burlap sack. I understand that renovations take time and money. Seeing that this place robs people at the table, you would think ALL of thier rooms would reflect that. NOPEThey have 4 different buildings and unfortunatley my friend was in the "old building". His room was literally 2 beds and a TV. The service at the front desk is non existant and the bellhop looks like they are angry at you.  I couldnt complain about my room but i wondered to myself...why aren't all the rooms like this? The Wold Fare Buffet was disgusing and there is a food court inside of the Casino with all terrible eateries. They just need to punch up this place alot more to be competing with other Hotel and Casinos on the Vegas Strip.
1	Friendly bell hops are now ghosts, so is the Valet service.  Check in is now kiosk automated so when asking a desk clerk for service, don't be surprised they look and act annoyed.  There is a fee for the room safe usage now.  (It surprised me to keep my valuables safe, I had to pay $3 EACH time I opened the safe).  The casino Host never returned my email nor contacted me while my last stay (remember the appearingly annoyed front desk clerk? my message for the Host went via the clerk).  I will be bypassing a stay @ the Riviera Hotel and the nostalgia 'of an old vegas strip Hotel' will remain in my memories as 'days of old'.
3	The best part of the casino is the outside (featured in the movie, "Showgirls"). Otherwise, this place is super smoky. It feels like a downtown casino. I've been to two showrooms (the comedy club and La Cage show)- extremely uncomfortable folding chair seating and you're packed in there like sardines. And a ways from the stage, I might add.
3	My group of about 20 booked here for my wedding. The prices were at a amazing rate. Some of us got the old rooms, some of us got the newly renovated rooms. Our room must have been one of the best because everyone seemed shocked when they walked into our room...flat screen, big comfy king size bed, and two leather couches and a lounge chaise. Some of our party complained about not having microwaves and the expensive room service...a grilled cheese cost $8. Oh and stay away from the GROSS breakfast buffet. Absolutely worst service and most disgusting powdered eggs I have ever tasted at a buffet. Zeba's beauty salon  was $75 for a french manicure...where I come from, it's about $35. They do a sloppy job, very unsanitary and the ladies are all really raunchy and nosy old women. They all seem to suffer from a case of Bi-Polar syndrome. I would never go there again. As far as the hotel itself...It is a reasonable rate and reasonable service if that's all you need. The casino suks!
3	"Whoa the beds are actually soft in this casino!"If there anything I hate about casino hotels it has to be the rock hard beds.  This place, along with Boomtown Reno, actually have decent pillow top mattresses, which is really nice.  I think the architect must have been drunk when he designed this place however, because after staying here for almost 3 days, I still found myself getting lost in finding my room in respect to the casino floor.  Also, I didn't discover the food court until late on my third day.The casino is everything you expect from a casino floor, and yes this place is a little run down and old.
2	The room was musty and looked its age. It would have been fine had it been in a rundown motel, but this was the Strip.The hotel charges a daily resort fee of about $25 on top of its room rate, whether or not you use the swimming pool or the spa.The coffee shop had lousy coffee, but the service was good.
1	This place really sucks! I was there on November 14th until November 18th and not only was the pool closed, at the cost of $100.00 per day they do not offer free Internet and you have to pay for their TV movies! There was an African American hotel clerk / check out woman at the hotel check out / in counter who was the so rude and had such an attitude when I nicely asked a few questions. She was such a JERK! I will never go back to this place! Bad, bad, bad! Oh! most of their staff were nice to deal with and the security people were very nice. Still I will never go back here again. By the way, if you stay here, go to McDonald's for free wifi!
1	I have to admit that I'm a Vegas veteran and had always heard about the history of the Riviera. I was expecting old school cool and I mainly only got the "old" part right. For about roughly the price I pay for other places, this place should have stepped up to the plate but it failed miserably.The parking garage was a complete disaster that should be bulldozed. The elevators were down for days...minor annoyance until the rest of the stay... I asked a simple question at check in about upgrade availability as I checked in through the attempt to completely de-personalize the registration & checkout process. The clerk, and every staff member for that matter, was extremely rude and annoyed. I was answered with a curt, "that room is already an upgrade." I called back a few more times throughout my stay regarding this, something else I can't recall, and late checkout. The front desk never answered for the rest of my trip. Horrible, horrible service.I got to the room and it was your typical standard Vegas room. Nothing really that special about it but it wasn't bad other than not honoring any of the requests I had made when placing the reservation nearly 2 months ago (high floor, away from elevators, king bed, etc.) and the really crappy view of something that looked like the ghetto. I called the front desk after finding stray hairs on one of the bed pillows (gross....) and also about the view since I had paid extra for a better room. I received a rude, "We're completely booked. Try back tomorrow." wtf I've never received such bad service in Vegas from the hotel I was staying. The bathroom was ok but how cheap does a hotel need to be? There wasn't the standard toiletries even provided like lotion, showercap, conditioner, etc. The only thing was shampoo- thank goodness I brought my own with the exception of the lotion which I had to purchase from the ABC store ($4 for a teeny tiny bottle- like the size you should get in your room). Makes me wonder if ABC and the hotel cut a deal- there's not excuse for cheaping out that badly. The toilet looked like it had leaked pretty badly at some point also. My showerhead rocked my world though- it was awesome but I heard this wasn't the case across the board from other people that were traveling with me. The beds were super comfortable and I actually slept like a rock.Overall I was just disappointed in the options the hotel provided. The food places were mediocre at best (even the Queen's Pub or whatever sucked and the services was horrible). Everyone who worked here seemed angry at the world and the gambling wasn't even fun. There are so many other places to stay on the Strip that blow this place out of the water. Yes, it can be cheap but I paid for a slightly better room which came out to about the cost of another hotel that I normally stay at and receive red carpet treatment. I will never stay here again- even if it's the preference for a work function I'll opt for another hotel. There's much better places for the money- just do your homework.
2	This hotel is good for what it is; one of the first hotel's on the strip.  This hotel is the first high rise in Vegas and remains and draws a rather trashy + senior citizen crowd.  The location is good because it's by a 24 hour 7-11 and Dennys, but the pool is crap, the Restaurants in the Riviera are crap, the casino is gross, the rooms are umm.. a C?  We paid around $60 a night for rooms here through a third party site and we were satisfied, but I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here or pay ANY more than 60-ish!  I can imagine this is the way my grandparents might have experienced Vegas :)
2	What is there to add? ROOMS PLUS-Room in the Monaco Tower was clean, the bed comfortable, the water pressure fantastic, and a tub that drained quickly. MINUS-My brother booked the conference rate....big mistake CONFERENCE CENTER PLUS-Lots of rooms and adaptable to the needs of our workshop MINUS-Time warp to the '80s CASINO PLUS-The lights were on and the machines worked MINUS-Dowdy, rundown, and stank of encrusted smoke FOOD/OTHER SERVICES PLUS-None (the lights were on) Minus-Only went to the buffet for dinner. Better bet: exit the hotel and go to the Peppermill next door. I'm not quite sure how the Riviera survives in the cut-throat environment of the Strip. They must get enough bus tours and conferences to keep the dollars flowing. It is convenient to Circus Circus and a short walk to the Wynn. If you are looking for an experience of the Strip today, keeping walking. If you want a cheap room in a run down hotel, the Riviera is the place for you.
3	(Note, this is for the HOTEL only. I could care less about gambling)I want to give it 3 and 1/2 stars, but Yelp doesn't offer that option yet. I had it at four until I remembered the long check-in and reduced staff feeling. But the big issue keeping me from giving it more is the ridiculous $10 charge for wi fi.  In this day & age, when every effing coffee shop has free wi fi, these guys can't as well? McDonalds has freaking wi fi now!!  This amounts to a hidden room charge and for that amount I would rather stay at a LaQuinta Inn or other hotel-only place. I have to say the rooms were shockingly nice after walking through the casino that is trapped in some some sort of 60's/70's/80's mash-up. Check in took about 20 minutes because there was a crush of people due to a convention (reason we stayed there, mom was attending the convention and walks with a cane). For some reason the woman directing people at check in did not send them to unattended machines that would have sped up the process a lot. We had two different rooms (a double and a king-sized, both non-smoking) that were in the Monaco Tower. While not spacious, they were tastefully decorated. Each came with a desk, drawers, flat screen, ottoman high enough to use as a suitcase rack and mini-fridge hidden away. There were room-safes (my suitcase locks, so didn't need it). There were steam irons with boards in the closets and a hair drawer available in the bathroom. Plenty of towels were available. Everything was very clean, especially the sheets and bed linens. Speaking of which, the sheets were some of the softest I have found in hotel/motels. Also, really fast elevators that we never had to wait more than 30 seconds on. Actually that might be longer than we waited. If you drive to the hotel, use the Paradise Road entrance (where you will see a very convenient and cheap Arco gas station) for easy access to the parking garage. This is also the easiest way to access the convention entrance. The only place in the hotel I spent any time in was the Queen Victoria Pub which is open 24 hours with both food & drink. Really nice selection of beers on tap and some really good single malt scotches that our bartender charged us way under for. They have great homemade chips & crisps - be sure to ask for the curry sauce to dip them in. Another plus were the prices in the 24 hrs ABC Store next to Registration, which were reasonable. Pretty good selection of stuff too. As someone else pointed out, the Peppermill next door is a good (not great) place to eat. The decor is wonderfully kitchy neon over-the-top. And you have to check out the water fire pit next door. I'm guessing many a hotel tryst and/or wife swap began on those cushions.... ;-)
1	So here is my experience while staying at this dump. Me and 3 other friends wanted to go to Las Vegas for a quick 4 day Weekend Vacation. We looked for a flight and hotel deal on expedia and found the Riviera listed as a package deal for $800 a person. We looked around and also saw that the bellagio was listed for $1000 a person. We thought it be better if we spend the $200 difference in Las Vegas than on the hotel. The pictures of the riviera looked nice and it was also on the "strip" so we thought how bad could it be. Well we arrived in Las Vegas on Thursday morning and got a cab to the Riviera. While riding on the cab we saw that we passed the bellagio, Caesar palace and all the other famous Hotels. We arrived at the riviera and went on to check in, we had to walk through the casino to the front desk. The casino is very smoky and you will cough alot if you don't smoke (which none of us does). We arrived at the front desk and it had about 100 people in line and only two people were working the desk. We waited for about 2 hours to check in which was crazy. We went up to our rooms which looked like rooms at motel 6 and had a very depressing view of some construction site. One of the rooms had a heater that was making a noise, we called maintenance and they came up to fix it. After about half hour of working on it the guy had it fixed. We asked what was wrong with it, his reply was "Thats what they pay me to know". What a douche!!! We were hungry so looked for a place to eat, we thought about trying the buffet but it looked crappy so we had some sandwiches which by the hardness of the bread where at least 3 days old. Also another thing, the shops in this place are a joke, its like a flee market. They have some guys selling knockoff sun glasses,cheap luggage, fake pearls and other useless stuff. The only good store is the ABC grocery store, which is really great and not that expensive. After we ate we went to walk on the strip, we realized how far this dump is from everything else. We spend about 100 bucks on cab fare just the first day because this place was so far away from everything. All the good stuff is happening around caesar palace,bellagio,paris, venetian and so on. Another thing about this hotel is that there are almost no young people there, its all seniors. The restaurants, bars that are inside the hotel are always dead. The food court is just nasty. They have no free wifi and plus they charge you a $8 resort fee for each room. What resort are they talking about???? I think they mean the swimming pool that was closed! We had to rent a car because cab fare was getting expensive. We then found out that valet parking at our hotel was always full at any time. I asked on of the valet how the hell is the valet always full, he told me that they only have 100 valet spots but about 3000 rooms. Which Idiot thought of this great idea??? SO GUYS IF YOU ARE GOING TO LAS VEGAS, COUGH UP THE ADDITIONAL $200 TO $300 AND STAY AT ONE OF THE NICE HOTELS. TRUST ME YOU WILL NO REGRET IT!!
1	What a sad disaster of a place. The faded glory here was overwhelming. From the servers to the clientele, this place is depressing as heck. In a weird way it was sort of interesting to watch because it makes you feel good about your life. You also maybe get a glimpse of what Vegas was in the olden years.
5	Pros:- Cheap: $30/night for Friday night using Priceline.com's "Name Your Own Price" feature- Rooms were nice, clean, and modern. Large flat screen TV and iPod docking station- Free parkingCons:- Super far away from the strip. However, if you're driving you could always drive to the strip, park in a free hotel parking lot and walk around.Overall:Would definitely stay here again because of how clean, quiet, and modern the rooms were. Better than the Imperial Palace and worth the nightly rate and driving time down to the strip (~5 min if that).
1	If you were getting this hotel for free, it would be alright to stay here.  But if you are paying, consider other places.It is at the north end of the strip and it is a far walk/drive to get places.  The rooms were alright, but nothing special. The casino is old and just depressing.If you are 40+ I am sure you would enjoy this place, it is full of the older crowd.  If you are young, you will hate this place as much as I did.
3	My experience there was ok overall.The staff was extra nice, rooms were kinda clean, and real spacious and well laid out. Had a fridge and a safe (safe cost extra per day).The casino is pretty bad, not much to choose from and pricey and outdated.As for the sportsbook.. I would have to say it is one of the best. They have plenty of extra seats and screens as well as a cheap snack bar near by. The food quart is pretty well laid out with all different kinds of food available. I also noticed this hotel BLASTS music louder than ever, just outside the hotel all the time..probably to draw tourists in.I was in the end charged a resort fee i was told nothing about, and the amount decided to change in the long run.*Overall it was an ok stay, but for the price with the unspoken "resort fee" i would rather stay at a REAL resort!
1	A terrible place, with a distinct aroma of cigarettes and sadness.Check-in took way longer than it should have, the clerk at the front-desk was completely rude. When I opened up my room, I found that, surprise, it hadn't been cleaned yet! I called the front desk and waited and waited but no one picked up.I went out in the hall and told one of the housekeepers that my room hadn't been cleaned yet. I didn't even get a "sorry bout that". She just looked at me like I was crazy and said "yeah, but you can still put your suitcase in there"I told her I had work I needed to do and she said "well, you can work in there too."She didn't make any offers to clean the room herself, since that was "Eva's" job, and she seemed to have no idea where Eva was, nor did she make any effort to find her. Finally, she reassured me that Eva would come by "within the hour...I mean...much sooner than that, she'll be by really soon."I entered the stuffy and messy room and tried to get some work done at the desk. First had to pay for the somewhat spotty WiFi (about $10 a day). I opened the window wide to try to get some fresh air into the room.About an hour later, I went back out into the hall to ask the housekeeper what the deal was. "Oh, Eva hasn't come yet?" "No.""Well, she'll be there soon."I told her I wanted to take a nap before dinner (I'd be traveling all day) and she rolled her eyes and said she guessed she could "start" cleaning the room for me, and then "Eva" would finish it.When she came into my room and say the open window (which had no screen), she said "you opened the window? You're not supposed to do that. You could jump out or something."(Yes, that's actually what she said.)What a dump!
1	I've gone to a couple of conventions there and between the bad food and dingy surroundings,have not been impressed.(SMB Nation,Black Hat,Storage Technology)I am now in town for CES and a Storage Technology convention that was being held at the Riviera that I attended last year,(just prior to CES) was a walk down the street,Imagine my surprise when they were charging $25/ bucks to park at a lot that was free last year.The LVCC main convention lot which is a lot closer is only $10 bucks a day so,WTF?So I really wish to thank these folks for the pleasure of  my not attending the convention at their facility.I will tell the folks who sponsor the Storage Technolgy convention to not have it there anymore.What a dive.I hope they tear it down soon!
2	I'm sure at some point this was a nice hotel but lack of upkeep has driven this place to rock bottom. I guess also my taste is a bit skewed since I frequent the Venetian, but this hotel was free with my company for CES 2011 and I wasn't about to pass that up.The whole hotel was pretty dirty, I thought at any moment the garage elevator might break or that one day the doors would open and a hobo would be waiting inside with a knife. Also, when I arrived at 10pm, the valet was closed...umm hello..this is Vegas...nothing closes..WHY ARE YOU CLOSED??!!!???I also took a nap around 2pm and woke up at 6pm with a swollen eye, I blame it either on dirty pillows or one of the cleaning ladies punched me while I was sleeping because they couldn't clean the room...who knows...I will give them points for having 76 cent water in the gift shops, comfy beds and fast room service (we asked for extra towels to be brought up.) Also, (being a girl) taking a shower and having the mirror fog up is a pain in the ass since we need to get ready afterwards. I don't know what crazy system they had but the middle of the mirror never fogged up and let it be known that I take hot enough showers to where you can't see your hand in front of your face.Also if you want to gamble in peace, this is the place, practically dead in the casino any time of the day I came to find out. So not bad enough for one star..not good enough for 3...
2	The only reason why I ever stay at this hotel is for its proximity to the Las Vegas Convention Center and Sands for CES, WSA, or any other trade show, hence the reason for 2 stars instead of 1. After a day of walking around and looking at gadgets or shoes, it's good to know your hotel is only across the street.Shower nozzles here appear to be for people 5 feet tall and below. Being over 6 feet, that was a real pain. I think the TV was probably a 20 inch CRT? Either way, the room was probably suitable for Vegas tourists in the 80s.Ever want to gamble in peace? Come to this casino. That's the vibe I got.If I ever come to Vegas for fun and with my early-20s buddies, I'll definitely be staying somewhere else.
1	If I could give it less than one star I would.  My wife and I recently stayed in the Riviera and I don't think we'll ever be staying there again because of our interactions with the front desk staff.  When I made the reservations for our room online they give you a choice for a double or king.  We selected a King in their premier room but found they had assigned us a double bed smoking room in their cheapest tower.  When I asked the lady at the desk about this with my wife by my side she snapped at me saying that king/double rooms aren't assigned until check in.  It makes no sense to me why they would even give you the option on their website to select the class of room/number of beds if it doesn't matter to them.  The rude, abrupt, and confrontational tone that we were treated with was keeping with the premier customer service of a vegas hotel that we have experienced in the past.  As it turned out she ended up taking our keys and changing the room without telling us what was going on.  We were surprised and confused when we entered our non smoking king room that we originally had reserved.  Why did there have to be an incident in the first place?  I'm still confused.
3	Review for casino:I go to the Riviera to see shows - generally the Riviera Comedy Club where I went last night.  The casino is certainly showing its age.  I don't think there's been much of a renovation there in years, at least none that I've noticed.The layout is OK and cocktail service has been prompt.  She stopped by 3 times last night in a very brief time even though the casino was the busiest I've seen it in months (there was an archery competition and convention at their convention center).This is an OK place, but if I were staying or playing more seriously, it would be someplace else.
2	I was walking back to the Las Vegas Springhill Suites Marriott from the strip and was hungry for dinner so I stopped at the last casino on the strip between me and my hotel.  I went in and immediately sensed that this hotel used to be a classic.  Now it is just sad.  The restaurant that I stopped in at was called Katies and I could not help but feel sorry for the help.  They were friendly and helpful and really genuinely nice people, but something tells me the should start looking for a new job soon because there is no way this hotel is going to be around long.  It is long overdue for a tear-down and rebuild of something new.
2	I had to stay at the Riviera during a couple of conventions in the last 2 years. The heydays of this hotel has come and gone. It is time for this property to seek investors to buy this place out and create something more modern.I do honestly say, the ballroom on the top of the Monaco tower is beautiful. You get a sweeping view of the Encore and lower Vegas Strip, to the Stratosphere. On a cloudy day, you get the clouds rolling over the mountains and it is spectacular. This would be a true gem if not for the adjacent casino towers being built that ran out of money and is now towers of cement and creates an eye sore for this view.The buffet here is less to be desire, although as the cost of buffets continues to go up in Vegas, I welcome the $8.99 buffet when I just need some morning grub.If I was not staying here due to business, I would check out other hotels nearby that might be a bit more new and would probably have more foot traffic in the casino.
4	ok, BEFORE I get bannished from YELP for giving this place a 4 star rating, let me explain. Four stars means "Yay! I am a fan" and my goal for this business trip was to find a place on the strip at a very low price, that was clean, no bugs and friendly people.  When I go to McDonalds, I give the place high ratings since it is relative to what you PAY!!!  If I give McDonalds a FIVE STAR rating compared to other fast food places, then my review is accurate, if I compare it to a fancy steak house then I would give McD's a one star. So i am a fan of Riviera for this reason.So this is the deal, I paid $50.00 a night on priceline. PROS:* I was on the strip* The room was clean* The beds were VERY nice, great linens and many soft pillows NOT DINGY!!! It was actuall a treat.* I played the slots in route to business and won more there than other places i tried out.* The dinner buffet was good, (far from great) at $11.99 it was a  great price and I was able to review my notes from the day's work in comfort.*  The people at the counter were VERY nice, professional and respectful, as well as everyone else that worked there from the bell hop, to the guy hailing a taxi me.* The maid did a nice job everyday* The TV and Ipod station were up to date* There was hot water when i needed it.* The room was very large about 400SF * Casino was large* The Chinese Food Lunch buffet for $7.99 was VERY GOOD! (This was not at the normal buffet lunch, this was at the chinese restaurant on the Casino floor) * I checked out in the AM and was able to come back at 9PM via cab to pick up my luggage, that allowed me to finish my work for the day, then go out to dinner at the Carnigie Deli at the Mirage. ( corned beef on St Patty's day, it was great, but that's another review) get the luggage and head to the airport * Great place on business or pleasure on a budget, (UNLESS your spouse is a pain in theass, complaining type, then maybe spring for some more money for the grief factor)CONS(These are the little things that don't make the place "AS GOOD AS IT GETS" but did not sway me from giving 4 stars, again, because of price.* Place is dated, (you can tell when they have a picture of Phyllis Diller as one of the stars who performed there) * The water pressure in the shower was lame (but I still came out clean, just needed another minute to rinse)* The AC in the room was OK, i went there in March with temps outside up to 78 degrees. (but it did make me wonder how it would hold up in August, but if you go to the desert on August, you may want to find some nice reviews on Yelp for a mental health provider)* The remote controll was slow in reacting to my pushing of the buttons. ( I felt really petty complaining about it since all that was on the news was the horror of the disasters unfolding in Japan, and i was complaining about the .3345 second delay to change a channel, while i was breating clean air in my underwear, in the safety of  clean hotel room in the good 'ol USA)* The dinner buffet on my second trip was exactly the same, and it did get boring that time, so plan to go there ONCE and all is good in the hood! * The resort charge was (i forget the exact amount) was about $8.00 a day. But, after seeing other reviews about higher resort charges, at other LV places, perhaps this should be listed in the "PROS" section of this review.* Not a great place to wine and dine your spouse, unless of course you are both cheap, then GO FOR IT and take the money you saved an blow it on gambling or food or whatever floats your boat.Ciao for now.....CHRIS
3	Depending on which side of the towers you end up staying on, you can say this place is pretty good. The newer tower we stayed in was nicely decorated, clean (minus the random burrito that was in my mini fridge), but this place is not as dumpy as say... the 4queens. The room I stayed in had a view of the mountains and the back roads of the strip. I would definitely say that the best thing about this place is the fact that it is in the strip. You can always walk around everywhere else and trust me, you will want to since the casino in the Riviera is always dead. Nothing too spectacular, but at least the place doesn't have a waiting pool for a bath tub and no bugs!
2	I give this place a 2 star rating since it was free for us; however, if I was paying I probably would choose a different place. The hotel could really use some renovation. I did try Katies one morning for breakfast in the casino, and I also tried the buffet another morning. To be honest, next time I'd wait and go to another place to eat a nice brunch buffet.
1	Where to begin!? I'm fairly new on yelp, but can I give no stars? Or negative stars? I frequent Vegas quite a bit and am not too picky on where I stay.  I booked a room here via expedia.com for a spontaneous, much needed trip to Vegas...and I wanted to do it cheap.When we booked the room, the check in time stated noon clearly. We were antsy to leave so we left from San Diego at around 1 am and figured we'd  kill time until check in. During the drive, we were getting drowsy and called a few times to ask for early check in to which we were informed that it would be likely but to just ask and it shoudln't be a problem. WRONG!We arrived at the hotel at around 5 am and went to the front desk immediately to inquire about early check in. The associate stated that we would have to come back at 12 to see about early check in. This confused us as check in was listed at noon on the site...to this she just pointed at a sign that said check in was at 4pm. I admit, we should've seen the sign....but never in my life had I had to check into a hotel at 4pm. The associate then became really rude and stated that all hotels have check in at 4pm. I stated that I never heard of that and maybe we didn't hear about it because we're from California....not in a rude way, more like in a "that's very interesting" way. She then  stated that ALL hotels everywhere have check in at 4pm and she would know because she has been to California hotels before....I guess she didn't think I would know seeing as I LIVE in California. We told her how we drove all the way from San Diego, and she didn't seem to care so we were sent on our way. I'd like to say right here that we were not mad WHATSOEVER....I know it's policy and I can't fight her on that but I guess we must have looked haggard or something because the concierge asked us what was wrong and we told him our story. He said we could inquire about early check in at 11. At this point, we were a little scared to ask the front desk associate so we walked to the car to see if we could call the hotel instead and work something out. My first call was transferred over to someone who told me to call the hotel general info line, which did not open until 10am as stated on their message. My second call was to be transferred to the front desk, to which I was transferred to just about every other place BUT front desk. My third call was to front desk, to which I was hung up on. Fourth time: again hung up on. Fifth time: the SAME front desk associate told us to call the hotel line at 11 when they open. It was a little weird to me that the front desk at the actual hotel couldn't accomodate us, but this 1800 number for the hotel could....At this point, my friend was getting irritated by the contradicting information and decided to go inside. The front desk associate didn't even TRY to hide her annoyance (if you are confused...we only talked to her 2 times once on the phone and another in person) Fortunately, we found another deal at a nearby hotel that had earlier check in. We asked the front desk if we could cancel because we were informed that check in would be earlier and that we couldn't afford to waste our one day in Vegas. She abruptly said that we cannot cancel due to expedia's policy and then asked if we even read everything thoroughly.  We thought maybe we could call expedia and make an exchange as the other hotel was exactly the same price. Expedia was amazing but said that they need to get confirmation from the hotel. We asked to speak to the manager to get an exchange done right away. When we asked the associate to speak with the manager, she glared at us and said "that's my manager" and wanted to know why we wanted to speak with her. AWKWARD. She assumed that we were going to cancel again or do check in, and she stated that she already told us we cannot cancel or check in and walked away. When the assistant manager came out, she asked us what was wrong, all while the front desk associate was standing RIGHT next to her shaking her head, rolling her eyes, muttering under her breath, denying everything, etc. After we tried to get a few sentences out, I couldn't stand it anymore and asked the manager if we could speak in private and she said that we could not and that it HAS to be discussed in front of her. I have spent YEARS in customer service and have NEVER heard of a policy like that EVER. Way to make the customer feel incredibly uncomfortable. We tried to explain to the manager that we were trying to be as courteous as possible and just wanted correct information and the manager just stated that she would have to retrain her staff, but kind of gave us like a "what do you expect me to do about it now" attitude. She didn't apologize, didn't offer us anything, didn't negotiate a solution, didn't prompt us to explain or anythingYou know what...I'm actually way too mad now to even finish this...just don't go
4	Great beds,
5	5 Stars based on VALUE, it's no Bellagio by any means but it's dirt cheap, at least on Orbitz or Expedia it is.  I can't give it 4 stars because it's soooo cheap.  I paid $780 for Roundtrip airfare, Hotel, Car for 7 days!It's CHEAP, so I don't expect a whole lot, with that being said I had a pretty good stay.Also, they have a GYM which isn't packed when I went, and it has everything you need.It's old, that's for sure, but they must have renovated the rooms. I stayed in the 1 South tower, rooms had nice furniture (besides the beds). Nice table for my laptop, decent flat screen tv, ipod speaker dock.  The maid did a very nice job. Staff is polite and smiley. Also, internet access is an additional $10 a day, and there's a "resort fee" which is pretty lame, but for $10/day I won't complain too much. Internet speed was decent, enough for my VOIP , Hulu etc..  , Internet is PER DEVICE, so if you have 2 laptops check another hotel because you'll pay $20 a day total (2  laptops) just to get online.I didn't play any games, I just needed a place to stay while visiting vegas for a week and this was very cheap.Lots of older folks here, I recommend this place if you're older, less of the club scene than you see in the central strip.When it comes to having fun, do you really want to pay triple the price for marble floors, a fridge, etc?  Have more fun with the money you save and spend on something that you'll enjoy.
4	I would give this place a 5 star but since my room was missing it's table and chairs I couldnt. But if you want to go to vegas and stay some place not to expensive with good service flat screens and nice pillow top King matresses this is the place. We spent 3 night here 3/31-4/3/2011 and I enjoyed it. The staff is really great and friendly quick to assist you and make sure your having a great time. Check in is realyl at 4pm but they will allow you a early 12 noon check in but the room is not clean yet so you can only place your bags in the room and then come back. We were excited to see our room was already clean. The south tower is really clean and you can not smell the smell of smoke and that was my biggest concern. I will say that the tub was a little out dated but other then that I was happy with all the service and I will stay here again .
1	we got this room through priceline's name your price thing, and we did get what we paid for. the bath towels were shedding, room smelled old.i give it 1 star for the nice receptionist that gave us non-smoking room at the 63rd floor, and the pillows were comfortable.
2	My experiences in Vegas have been on both ends of the spectrum. Great and just god awful. The great was made at the Palazzo, fantastic rooms and atmosphere. Awful being my stay at Circus Circus: old rooms, tons of children running around, smelled like a cancer factory. The Riviera Hotel & Casino land somewhere in the middle, but leaning more to the latter.  When my friend booked the casino and told me where we were staying I had the immediate notion we where going to be saying somewhere my grandmother stayed when she first visited Las Vegas in 1965 and I was right. The decor was something our the original Ocean's Eleven (it was shot there I think). Our room was pretty standard. Nice bed, flat screen TV, SMALL fridge that could hold all of our ridiculously large bottles of liquor, a couch and desk. Needless to say, it wasn't anything to rave about.The buffet, which I visited only once with my friend was pretty bland, not to mention they had an omelet bar display all over the buffet room but once we got to the bar to get an omelet a kitchen hand told us "No omelets", we asked him why and he replied once more "No omelets". We weren't getting anywhere fast so we just picked through the questionable selection of food. Soggy sausage patties, powdered hard eggs and flimsy, paper thin bacon. The only saving grace was the waffles. After immediate regretting that decision we headed to the strip. Note that this hotel is ALL the way north of the strip and walking is a mission to get the central strip or the south end.After returning from a day long strip walk, we return and everyone needed a shower before the night began. We order some extra towels and didn't receive any until an HOUR later. We call the front desk requesting them again and they rudely tell that we called already, they are on their way and hang up. That about my experience. My main gripes are just how old the hotel looks and feels. This hotel is like in the old bone yard of Las Vegas that soon to pass away. They just can't compete with the newer hotels like Aria, Palazzo and the forthcoming Echelon.
4	I like this hotel cause I'm not rich. Well that and the fact, that, I don't care where I sleep as long as it's clean & comfortable. Plus, this place is a stroll to the convention center and that McDonalds across the street is D-best Mcd's i ever been to.
4	Seems hit and miss. I love this place as it has such great memories attached to it. A great place to wake up hungover. First time I stayed was perfect, even though I did have an unwanted charge to me room, but I did not question the charge as I was too drunk to remember the prior night. The second time the room could of been better, but it was generally good.The beds are very comfortable. The staff seems very helpful and the price is perfect. My only complaint is the smell of second-hand-smoke throughout the whole hotel.
2	A little out dated as fas as casinos on the strip go. Several folks in here were silver haired so i am sure they loved it.
4	Hotel motel holiday inn if ya girl starts acting up bring her friend! Lol.  Its a freemont hotel on the strip...... I enjoyed the bed, other then the luke warm shower thats all i used there. Big flat screen that we never turned on..... Check in was fast on a thursday friday line was going out the door though. Friendly older staff. Wife won around $100 on the slots. Would stay again. Cant beat the price.
3	Actually had a good time at this hotel.  The bed in the smoking room wasn't very comfortable though and we got booked into that room and we don't smoke.  But they switched us to a non smoking room and it much more comfortable in that room.  The bathroom was also smaller in the non-smoking room and they had one of those radiated widow heaters instead of controlled temperature like in the smoking room, but it worked pretty good.  Suggest getting a room with a view though as all we saw were pipes and the top of a roof.  The food from the sports bar was reasonably priced though and the staff was, for the most part courteous.
1	You get what you pay for. Please read Stella C.'s review. I was the friend with her.
1	I am giving the Riviera one star. There are so many reasons. The Valet was 5 stars. They always did their hardest work and fastest to ensure we had our car very quickly, even with a line. They were always courteous and always very nice.One Star - Check in. The line for check in wrapped around the block, and after a five hour car ride, i was not thrilled. We were there late, like 1130, and it took us a half hour. there were only two people who were checking in people. Finally we went to the express check in, and got in our room. The Decor - one star. It was old, original paint on the walls, carpet looked sad and disgusting.Our room - one star. Yes, it looked as though some woman had their period on the chair in our room, and then they tried to clean it up, but the stain was there forever. Can we say, new chair? I guess not. Our AC didn't work very well, the fan was not blowing so it was hot and stuffy, the bed was AWFUL and our TV was smaller than any TV I had seen before. It probably would have cost less than 20 bucks, it didnt even turn off. Casino - I did pretty well in the casino, but the cocktail waitresses were rude, old and haggared. She literally yelled at my husband while i was deciding what drink I wanted. Rude beotch.Blackjack tables - they had girls dancing on poles which was pretty good, but the blackjack tables were being dealt by incompetent people. The girl at our table talked to other people, stared off into the distance, and yelled at every person with a dirty look who left the table. She was unprofessional, and replaced by someone even more unprofessional. This girl started talking to the pit boss in the middle of a hand, about her day off on this coming wednesday. We were like, what is going on.AVOID THE RIVIERA AT ALL COSTSFOOD ---- less than one star. 0 stars. AVOID AVOID AVOID!
1	Ick! Stayed here back in April for a friend's birthday trip to Vegas.  Old, dated, casino is small, and our hotel room had plumbing problems - plumber had to come twice in two days to "fix". Even though we got a free room upgrade, it still wasn't worth it. No thanks, not staying here ever again.
4	I was pleasantly surprised and actually kind of impressed with the Riviera!  My parents, husband and I went to the Riviera to meet my friend for the Sin City Roller Derby.  So much fun!  We got there about 2 hours before the derby and explored the hotel.  You can tell it's an old hotel but it's been kept up very well.  The pool was packed!  We agreed we're going to come back sometime this summer just to hang out pool side.  There are a couple nice bars throughout the hotel.  Cheap drinks and reasonable priced food.  It's never crossed my mind to stay here but I'd be curious what the rooms look like and what their room rates are.The roller derby was back in the convention area.  This was my first time going and my friend said it's a seasonal sport.  I'm a huge fan now!  I wasn't sure how the points system works but we're going for their next competition in July!  Really looking forward to going back to the Riviera!  And without a doubt, I know we'll be back to Queen Victoria's Pub!
3	This Hotel is actually pretty cool...you just have to know what to expect a lot of the reviews for this hotel are some angry people..ahem.."HELLO LOOK AT THE PRICE YOUR PAYING FOR YOUR STAY HERE!" IT'S SUPER CHEAP i like it for what it is if i want a High Roller's typa place then i'll gladly head to the Venetian but if your coming to vegas on a budget the riviera is the PLACE to be Clean rooms nothing fancy just a room with your bed and bathroom, the customer service is great and there's a decent buffet in the place......Def coming back here agian if i come back on a budget ...
3	Heard the saying, 'Your get what you pay for?'Well that pretty much sums up the Riviera. Rooms:The rooms are great, they have recently been redone and to be honest were a lot nicer than I expected. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean. The actual hotel:It does look old and it seems like old Vegas, but hey I kind of like that smell. Location:It is pretty far down the strip, if you are there to go to clubs, or like to be in the middle of things. That isn't a huge deal though, because the buses that run up and down the strip are only $7 for 24 hours.
1	Let me start by saying I'm a Travel Agent and see many hotels on site inspections so i always keep an open mind on what i see but the big thing for me is always CUSTOMER SERVICE!! The room we stayed in was in the Monaco Tower which is newly decorated and very nice. The hotel itself is yes, a little run down but that's to be expected from one of the older hotels in Vegas. The issue I am having currently is with the Customer Service at the Riviera Hotel & Casino. My Nephew (15 yrs. old) was staying w/ us in the room and he has Juvenile Diabetes. I specifically remember him bringing his supplies (diabetic needles, insulin, etc.) which by the way he keeps in a shoe box..boys..he he...bringing it to our room and setting it on the table Friday night. Saturday Morning he ate breakfast, took a shot, and we left the room to venture out for the day. Later on when we returned to the room we noticed that when it was time to eat dinner that we could not find the "shoebox" in the room. We looked everywhere!It was gone so we took the next step to running around town to find a pharmacy that had the supplies we needed. After 2 hrs of running around Vegas we got the insulin and needles to give him a shot after we ate. I kept the receipts and brought it down the next morning when I went to check out. I spoke to the manager at check out and felt really bad but said that I would have to file a report at security. I did as requested and they gave me the Risk Manager's (La Cretia Evans) card and said she would call me on Monday. I never heard back from anyone at the Riviera hotel so I called them a few days later in which they had explained to me that after looking into this incident and speaking w/ the maid that they are not held responsible for this matter and there is nothing else they can do. Too bad for them as i will NEVER recommend this hotel again!
5	I dont care what anyone else says.  I love the Riviera!  Free rooms-check!  Low limit tables-check!  $2 automated blackjack game-check!  Fast, friendly drink service-check!  Comfy beds-check!  Right next to The Peppermill-check!We stayed here once again.  Why pay for a room when you are in Vegas?  A comfy bed is all you need, and the Riviera has super comfortable beds and they always have a free room available for me whenever I want to go.  Even if you had to pay for a room, they are extremely inexpensive.  The Riviera has a certain charm to it.   Its hard to describe, but once you realize it and take it in, you will appreciate it.  Its one of the last remaining OG casinos in Vegas.  I would much rather stay here on the cheap, then  spend $300 a night at the Aria or one of the newer hotels.Give the Riviera a chance my friends.  You will grow to love it.
4	Even though all my work colleagues advised against it, i booked myself and my husband into the Riviera for a night on the Strip. I have to admit i wasn't expecting much as it was the cheapest room rate out of all the casinos for a Friday night.On entering the casino i was surprised at how nice it smelled, normally the older casinos have that lived in cigarette smoke stench, but everything was clean and well looked after. We walked to the check in desk but the queue was impossibly long so thanks to a review on Trip advisor, i knew about the check in machines in the hallways. I can highly recommend them, the process was quick and easy; and saved us about an hour waiting in line (we had tickets to a concert and were running late!)Our room was in the Monaco tower on the 43rd floor, again the corridor smelt clean and the decor looked quite new. The room itself was very well furnished with two double beds, a decent sized TV and fridge...although there was no mini bar! The room was spotless, and the sheets on the beds were clean and crisp!The bathroom was a standard hotel setup, with a few toiletries. Nothing exciting but again clean and well maintained.I seriously would recommend this hotel, it's cheap and old but has been well refurbished. Also the Queen Victoria Pub does a stonking good breakfast and if you are a Las Vegas local they give you 10% off the bill!The only down side is that it is a LONG walk to the center of the Strip, and not one i would recommend while wearing 3 inch heels! Room Tip: Book online as the rooms are cheaper
1	Worst Hotel I ever stayed. Very rude reception, very hostile environment, dirty swimming pool, rooms are way outdated and dirty, I booked a non-smoking room but still found cigarette buds and ashes all over the room. Would never recommend this to any one, better spend another 50 bucks and stay at another good hotel or off the strip.
3	My and my buddies stayed here only cuz of the cheaper prices compared to the other hotels off the strip, especially cuz it was so last minute. the service is mediocre, the pool seems decent. the room is just like any other average room for that price, nothing special.would have been great to have a fridge in the room, but i had to use the ice bucket and refill it so often.the casino area is pretty small and there aren't many tables. the only downside is that the wait to check in takes a while.overall i'd go here again if it was something last minute, i'd prefer something closer to the nicer night clubs though.
2	I live next door to this piece of history.. so I checked it out.  Whoa.. its way past its prime and isn't like old school cool. Instead u feel like your actually stepping over the demolition cord and dynamite. The banking collapse saved this joint from an actual explosive induced collapse. So they r still running till the financing comes thru. Its sad to see what was a fine establishment so far gone.
2	It was cheap, but I would have rather stayed at like a Holiday inn or something. The first room we had has throw up on the ground which was still wet. The second room we went to I'm pretty sure had a bed bug in it. It wasn't on the bed but I saw it on a towel on the table but either way I was grossed out after that. I loved their casino because it was low-key, their bar on the casino floor had great service as well as the housekeeper provided wonderful service and was super sweet. The only complaint was with check-in, it took about 45 minutes just to see anyone because the line was so long which was very unpleasant after a 4 hour drive. I probably wouldn't pay to stay here again.
1	Resort fee is $8 per night.  For those of you who don't know what a resort fee is, it is an extra fee that the hotel adds to your bill that is not optional.  This allows them to advertise a lower price than the actual price.  It is sneaky and sleazy.  They don't even give you free internet access with the resort fee.  Internet is an additional $10 per day.The room was fine, but the resort fee is enough reason to avoid this place.
2	Semen stain on couch! Hotel was old but adequate. Got to the Riv early and was told (by a rude old sea hag) @ the vacation booth, that no rooms were available and no one could hold our luggage. stood around in front of the ABC store for five minutes, went to check out counter and was told bell hop could hold bags. Lovely clerk by the name of Portia helped us out and was able to upgrade (20 a night) my reservations to the Mediterranean tower near our friends. Room 767 seemed nice and clean until you looked closely. Giant crack on main door, stained wet carpet next to bed, drug residue on broken window ledge. These things didn't really bother me to tell you the truth. What ticked me off was the HUGE semen stain I found the second night underneath the couch seat. Ill upload pic later... So I paid 40 extra dollars to sleep  3 ft away from man juice...  Makes you wonder what I upgraded from... Casino was OK, Old school with attentive coktail geezers.  I won 200 dollars, Kadys was delicious and the pub was fantastic. ABC store near c/o counters were awesome as well. Joe at Riviera rewards desk was also great. Buffet was pretty good( free with rewards sign up) Location stinks but we had a car so it didn't matter. Rivieras facebook mod was also super nice. Id stay here again as long as the rooms were better cleaned. Also, lines @ check in were big at times but moved quickly. Quit bitching about the lines people! Its Vegas!
1	WORST PLACE EVERWe had to book this place since it was a last minute thingi. 1) huge never ending lines (approx. 40 mins wait). Only 2 people at the counter who were extremely slow. 2)horrible rooms. Old stinky. The A/C did not turn on for a while.. and when it did the whole night there was this noise of some sort, sounded like Crickets. bathrooms were run down and toilets stained. 3)Customer service was the worst i have ever seen in any part of the world. I wanted to reserve late checkout.. called them and was on hold for good 25 mins. After that they hung up without answering!!!!!!!!!!!!!4)The whole place looked rundown..5) Parking was a night mare... There was no parking available with tons of cars waiting in the queue.6)Location is awful. Still not bad location for the price though.7)In the morning the maid knocked at our door at 10:00am.. to ask us if we are leaving at 12 so she can come clean !!!!!! ... never saw this before...8) They forgot to reserve our rooms. They misplced the reservation documents and were not ready to look up on computers with my email, credit card, confirmation number. I had to call up the website i booked it thru to clear the mess. It ended up being Riviera's fault and the manager was cold about it.. and said... "IT HAPPENS"...PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE AVOID THIS DISASTEROUS PLACE... I M SURE U WILL FIND SOMETHING BETTER OTHERPLACES.... worst palce ever
4	I actually love this place. I have stayed here many times over the years. I will say some of the rooms are very old and in need of some repair. Old caulk in the bathrooms and older TV in the rooms, but who goes to Vegas to watch TV? The check-in is pretty slow and during peak times needs to have a few more people working the desk despite the check-in machines. The end of The Strip that The Riv is on is in need of serious CPR but everything is a short taxi ride away. I have never had bad service at this place. The valet remembered what car I rented 5 years ago. Cocktail service is fast . Nick at the Le Bistro bar makes great drinks and has great stories about Sinatra and because he knows the city like the back of his hand has always makes good recommendations on everything. Speaking of Sinatra...this is one of the few casinos left that Frank and Dino played. I say give it a try. When you are asleep you can't tell the difference between this old time gem and a 250.00 dollar a night cookie cutter casino further down the strip. Have and will continue to recommend this casino.
1	This is just a bad hotel. No matter how cheap it is, please don't give them your business; they're in bankruptcy for a reason. I booked 2 rooms on hotwire. When I got there, tried to circumvent the 1-hour (!) line by using the kiosk but it would only let me check in to one room, which was a smoking room. After standing in the interminable line, the lady at the desk kindly offered to let me get a non-smoking room for $20/night extra (!). The room is actually decent, but the bureaucracy will just make you want to tear your eyes out, the casino is a dump, and the resort fee doesn't even include wireless (which is an extra $10/24 hours), as is standard in Vegas in general. Pay the extra $20/night to stay at a real hotel.Also my remote control is broken, but let's face it, I expected that one.
1	We waited in line for an hour to check in.TO CHECK IN.At a hotel.This is absurd. Patently absurd. We were in a casino. A run-down, past-its-prime casino that gave us a decent deal on Expedia. And they had us wait an hour in line to check in, when we could have been gambling!The interior of the hotel is okay. It's very old-Vegas. There's some renovation going on, which may be interesting in the future, but we were honestly just so turned off by the place after waiting for an hour that we couldn't appreciate much.At least they had the courtesy to upgrade us to a "deluxe room" though the deluxe room was suspiciously similar to some motel rooms I've stayed in. It was fine, though. The room wasn't as clean as I would have expected.Overall, I think we would have been better off paying a little extra. The same night we booked at the Riviera, we could have booked for $20 more at Mandalay Bay. Disappointing. The best part of the Riviera is its close proximity to the Wynn and the other good hotels, which is where we took our gambling and food money.Oh, and internet is $10. Tacky, tacky, tacky.In short, we'd stay somewhere else next time. We didn't spend a single extra cent at the Riviera. Well, except for the $7 "resort fee" they make you pay on check-out. Tacky.It's not surprising that the place went bankrupt.
1	I am not even sure where to start as I know this review will offend some... For that I apologize in advance. I decided to stop for the night while driving through Vegas for a little gaming and fun. I called ahead and booked a "renovated" room which was supposed to have "European comfort mattresses", a flat screen TV, fridge, hair dryer, and so on. Upon arriving at the Riviera after walking through filthy brass and glass doors, I waited in line for a good 20 minutes to check in. Every employee, even management were cloaked in dumpy, dirty uniforms. After getting my room key I was shuffled from the front desk through the poorly organized casino floor to find the elevator to my room, it was kind of like a scavenger hunt. Now, the elevators! Filthy, dirty floors, base boards, more brass and broken mirrors full of hand-prints; at this point I was reconsidering my stay. Up to the room which was NOT renovated in the least bit we were greeted by our maid who had JUST started cleaning! The mattress was discussing and was more like a maxi pad then a "European comfort mattress". The carpet was warn and filthy which actually went well with the general motif of the room which was dirty. Flat screen TV??? Nope. Old box TV. No amenities what so ever, not even a cheap $10 hair dryer. Now when you go to the Riviera and sign up for their players club card you receive what was near capital punishment... The free buffet. It was as unorganized as the casino itself and the food was so disgusting I didn't stay and eat. Now there were people in there eating who did seem to be enjoying their free buffet but keep in mind they had a couple noticeable teeth missing and babies on their hips; pure white trash tornado bait. Now even these picky consumers were saying "at least it's free" in regards to the buffet. Now stop and think for a second, a pile of dog poop is free but would you eat it? The casino itself is owned by a Chinese man which would explain that a large majority of the dealers didn't speak English well enough to understand. They also never smiled, they acted like they were chained to the tables and hated their jobs. This might also explain the awful Chinese food at the buffet, angry cooks! If the white trash patrons isn't enough to make you stay somewhere else, try the countless thug-like gang banger want to be's with fake diamond earrings and gold chains. I spoke to a Manager regarding my room situation and she had no time or sympathy for me being placed in an un-renovated room, the quality of the staff or the filthy conditions. She didn't even offer to comp the $79 room! The only thing she did was charge me the un-renovated room rate which should have been done anyway. People go to Vegas to enjoy being pampered and taken care of, excellent customer service and attention to detail... none of which the Riviera possess. Walk into any other casino on the strip and you will see staff that great you with a smile, go out of their way to help you. The entrance to every other casino I've been to are constantly being rubbed with Brasso and the glass is spotless. Ah, if you decide to have a cocktail it is faster to leave the casino and go buy one due to the fact that the waitresses rarely come by and three times when I ordered a Diet Coke, they never even came back! If it was possible to give the Riviera no stars, I would. Don't waste your money there... at least go somewhere where they smile when they take your money :)
3	First thing is first,  get yourself signed up for the Player's Card and you get a free buffet.  FREE BUFFET?? I'm there.After getting the card, we went to go get our free buffet upstairs on the 2nd floor and wow, so much food! There were tiny buffets of mexican, Chinese, italian and other foods. Ribs, shrimp, chicken, turkey.  You name it you had it.  I"m a vegetarian and I had lots of choices to pick from.  The salad was really really yummy. So go get yourself the free buffet because why else would you pay $15 regular price for this buffet.
1	I haven't been south of TI in the longest time, but I ended up staying at Riviera due to a last minute mix up at the Palazzo *cries*. First and foremost, the door of our suite did not lock. HUGE no no. We requested to have it fixed, but by the end of our stay, our room was STILL open for anyone! What the heck!The valet service and check in was mediocre, but I could tell that they were super backed up. I think they have a staffing issue at Riviera. Maybe it's time to call a hospitality consulting company? Gotta keep up with all the new hotels on the strip!In general, everything was decently clean, but just for the lock service (or lack there of), I think I'm going to have to give this a one. :(
3	So this is where the RollerCon convention was this year..so this is where we of course got a room. We have to be part of the action even though we live in Vegas.Parking was good..much better than the dreaded IP of past RCons.Check in on the other hand was a nightmare that gets one star..if that!It was an hour wait in that horrible line. Thankfully there were alot of awesome derby girls to chat up while waiting.We ended up with a pretty cool suite that had a huge balcony that faced Circus Circus. It had two bathrooms which was another cool feature. The best feature of the room was the bar..perfect for the many drinks that were being served up.The pool is pretty small but when there are hundreds of derby girls you hardly notice the pool.And it looks like the Riv is where RCon 2012 is gonna be so we will be here again. Cant wait! I love me some RollerCon!!
3	I stayed at The Rivera because this is where Rollercon was. (-) I got here the day before the convention and checked in super early. I think I still waited in line for about a half hour. The line was only about a quarter as long as it was everytime I walked by the lobby anytime after. I did have to wait in line probably a half hour to check out (I stayed later than a lot of other skaters) because the easy check out didn't work for me. Once I got up there, it almost seemed like I didn't have to even check out. (+) This was a really great place to host Rollercon. The convention area was able to fit four tracks and tons of vendor booths. This wasn't even the only convention going on during this time. (-) For as many people as there were, toward the end of the convention, in the evenings, lines started forming for the elevators, and said line wrapped around the corner. (-) The music, played on loop, at the pool sucks. Except for that one Cars song. (+/-) The general vibe at The Vic was alright. When not busy, it was kinda cool. The bartender was really cool. I went back again a couple times when it was crowded, and the two different servers that I had were terribly slow and unattentive. And the food wasn't that great. (+/-) If you sign up for a players card, you get to eat at the buffet once for free. I'm pretty sure this would cost you like $15 for breakfast/lunch usually, so probably even more for dinner. I went around brunch time. On a weird note, it seemed at brunch time, it was mostly American breakfast food (eggs, bacon, french toast, etc) and chinese, etc. Springrolls right next to the French toast. You should have seen my plate. It was weird. (+) I got some regular room (non smoking) and it came with a mini fridge. (-) The view from my room was the top of a roof, which was UGLY and a bunch of construction. I saw nothing. And the window was only half the size of the curtains. It was tiny (not that it mattered much, since our view sucked.
1	Absolute worse. I would never stay here again. Went on vacation with a friend here. The service was piss poor, the staff was all over the place and when we first got to our room it still had filth in it. We received no basic amenities and received all around bad service with this place. Never again!
1	My hubby and I were here for the APA Pool Tournament.  My husband managed to get his toe nail caught on a sharp piece on one of the room chairs and pulled his entire toenail off.  I called housekeeping and the front desk for assistance and talked to a lifeguard as well as a maid in the hallway and no one would help us out with first aid supplies or medical assistance.  The staff was very rude.
1	This place is still a craphole. Back to Vegas for nationals and they did seem to have a bit more organization, however they were still way under staffed for the amount of people. Skanky Dancers dance on poles right by the poker tables now which was a bit much, the service at the main bar is sooooo slow and unfriendly. The food court still has cheap eats, but seemes to close early most nights. So glad we stayed elsewhere!
3	People are brutal reviewing this place! I stayed in the Monaco Tower for one night (cancelled flight due to Hurricane Irene and the Trop was booked solid!). The room had a small LCD or HD TV, can't remember what kind. Two Full Size Beds, desk, small windows, good individual air conditioner (not central) and a tall but useless dresser.The good: Stayed in the slightly larger and renovated room in the Monaco Tower.No bed bugs!Beds were very comfortable but very hot, they couldn't keep my body heat down like the beds at the Tropicana.They allowed me to check in at 2:45 pm and not 4 pm (the standard time)It's one of the last old school casino's and I loved that (built in 1955).The check in associate was SOOO nice and attentive, I forget the old man's name but he was awesome and so informative.The hotel room did not smell at all, muy bueno.Bathroom, all the basins/mirrors were cleanThe check out associate give me the manager's direct extension in case I had any issues (I asked what to do if I didn't feel the room was up to par). I did have to use it and he picked up immediately.The bad: Check in time: 40 minutes.Bathroom: the corner's on the floor were dusty and the floor looked like it needed a good wash. The shower looked very old (and I was in a renovated room).$8 resort fee and I didn't use ANY amenities$10 internet fee per DEVICE not room - Spoke to the Manager, he said they are working on dropping the contract with LodgeNet to have their own internet which would be included in the resort fee.The garage elevator was down right scary, I thought my life was in danger, it was dingy, dirty & rickety.The Monaco Tower elevator was 10 times better, but still leaves a lot to be desired, it was dirty but would be really charming if clean.SUPER tiny refrigerator, still better than the Trop which had none.Hilarious: --Saw the cleaning lady chillen in a room she was "cleaning" for about an hour, hey, we all need a break every once in a while!--People watching here is priceless. A guy in front of me in check-in line was chugging down his 40, NO SHAME...my peoples, haha. I decided to join in on the fun and had a bud light lime while waiting! The crowd here is definitely full of character. --Saw someone checking in with their OWN microwave!I'm pretty upset I didn't have time to play at the BlackJack tables, I can't stand the $10+ minimum tables (it's even higher in Charles Town, WV and Atlantic City). If I recall correctly, they had $2 BJ tables and 3:2 odds (which are better supposedly).If you're into BINGO, this is the place btw. Also the APA Nationals were being held here, pretty cool.If I were to need a hotel room for a couple nights, I would def consider this place again!
5	I loved everything about this place. The service was good, the slots were loose, beds were comfy and late checkout at 6pm for minimal $ was sooo helpful, more than they know.  Having to come down to get re-keyed kind of was a bummer, but whatever.. Gotta do what we gotta do. The hotel seemed a little out of the way of things, for the price you pay to stay there, you can afford a taxi.  The little coffee place conveniently placed by the elevators was very very tasty. Will most likely stay again, and will recommend
1	Sorry to typecast, but unless you're from the Ozarks, you're not going to feel like the Riviera is your kind of place to stay.I once ordered a RBV while playing some roulette here (the true skill player's game), and it tasted like a glass of old school Ecto Cooler that had gone sour. Knowing that a place like this might substitute another energy drink for Red Bull given budget constraints, I asked the cocktail waitress what exactly she had given me with my vodka.I don't remember the exact name, but I remember looking this energy drink up on my phone and learning that it had been banned in something like 70% of the states west of the Mississippi back in 2002. A lesser man would have probably perished.
2	I stayed here for RollerCon 2011 and had a decent experience, but a couple big problems. Checkin was an absolute nightmare; it took over an hour for a line that wasn't really that long. Upon arrival, I discovered that I had accidentally booked a smoking room through Orbitz (even though I specified that I wanted a non-smoking room, I somehow chose an "upgraded" room in a tower that ONLY has smoking rooms...wtf). The girl who checked me in said that she could get me a non-smoking room in another tower, but that it would cost extra. I agreed only because I didn't want to spend a week in a room that reeked of cigarettes.Turns out, my new room came equipped with pillowtop mattresses and a mini fridge. I later wondered if I could have transferred to a room in another tower that didn't have all these bells and whistles and not have had to pay extra. Oh well...The pool is a LOT smaller than the other Vegas hotels I have been to. The Riv is also not very convenient to other places on the strip. It IS, however, located very close to a Walgreen's where you can stock up on goodies for your mini fridge. The layout of the hotel is awful and it's hard to find anything -- but I suspect most Vegas hotels are arranged like this so that you find yourself getting lost in the massive casino.At one point, the girl who I was sharing the hotel room with called down to the front desk to ask about using the safe that came in our room. She was on hold for 20 minutes and was transferred twice just to ask this simple question.The accommodations are fine, but they will upcharge you for everything and the customer service blows. I would recommend finding lodging elsewhere on the strip.
2	You seriously get what you pay for. With that, we checked into the Riv knowing that it would be old school. We were there as part of a timeshare presentation thing and so we knew not to expect anything but good laughs. Our room was extremely out-dated but very spacious, overlooking the pool. The employees are just as old as the hotel but I have to say they were all super nice. The best part of the trip was that there was Midget Wrestling at the Riv convention center and it was the best entertainment I've seen in awhile. We had a blast! The Riv is what it is but it seriously needs to be the next one to be blown up.
3	It's okay for a room, but sub-par for Vegas.  I'm only in Vegas when I'm there to play pool, but either way it Vegas people, how often are you really in your room anyway?  The beds are comfortable, the pool (while not huge) Serves the purpose of a pool, and it is tucked away from the typical hustle and bustle of the strip.
3	stayed here a couple years back for a paintball tournament as the tournament was at the riviera, and they had some good specials on the rooms.  our first room was just the basic room, which was nothing special, didn't smell like smoke which was nice, and beds were decent.  but that night the rest of our team came in and they had a suite which we went and checked out, and loved it so we went down to the front desk and they let us upgrade to the suite for an extra $20ish a night, which to me was a great deal as we had 6 people trying to squeeze into the basic room, so the huge suite made it nice (not to mention my first suite i stayed in at vegas).  room smelled a little like smoke, but that is because some of the people we were staying with requested a smoking room, which i personally never would.  the room was huge, which a seperate bedroom with a king bed, and they also brought us 2 beds up which we requested.  the view we got was kinda crappy, our other teamate had a nice view over the pool which would have been nice, but ours was still a nice room and we had a view of circus circus.  the pool was just an average square pool, nothing special, and the security there were dicks.  they gave us shit for sitting at the pool with our legs in the water at 6pm since the pool closed at 5pm.  i understand no swimming, but we were up to our calves in the water sitting on the edge, and they acted like were were swimming and running around with machine guns or something as they sent 15 security gaurds for the 6 of us at the pool.  casino was decent looking (i was not old enough to gamble at the time, so i can't really comment there).  area was kinda shady at night, but in a group of 6-10, it wasn't too bad.  don't think i would stay there again, unless there was just such an amazing deal
4	After spending one night at the Imperial Palace (Never Again) and two nights at Hooters, anything looks good. If your traveling for business then this place isn't a bad choice. Nice rooms with decent decor, a hd tv, safe, and iPod dock. Not to mention the beds are very comfortable. Im pretty sure the price here is reasonable, because our company wouldn't have paid for it otherwise.
2	Gotta say, a little disappointed. In the cons column, check in takes forever---hire more staff! Seemed to be a shortage of tables for Fri/Sat nights. On the pros...it has that old vegas feel, but get the customer service fixed or you will be a memory.
3	Waited nearly 40 min to check into a dumpy 2 twin bed room in the older part of the hotel. Went back to inquirte about a king bed room (after spending another 20 min in line.. and this was at 1 a.m. on a Saturday after driving 8 hours to get there!), and they offered an upgrade for $20 for a king bed in an updated portion of the hotel.It was great! Super clean, lcd tv, the works... Not such a good view of the strip - mostly a roof with a/c units - but a little sparkle of the Circus Circus across the street.The casino itself is terribly outdated and is the ugly cousin of a beauty queen, and the food in the restaurants is pretty much only acceptable if you're super drunk @ 3 a.m. Oh, and don't even THINK about stopping at the Salon (across from the wedding chapel). I did, and I ended up looking like a Dolly Pardon hooker in a two-bit wig and $100 poorer.However, for all if it's less-than-amazing qualities, overall the experience was pretty good. The staff is pretty friendly, and there's a certain charm with the old school style of the place. A good beginning to a Rat Pack style weekened.
1	This is the worst hotel ever. the only reason why i stayed here was because it was free! i honestly feel like i would of saved way more money if i stayed anywhere else. taxis were so hard to get and since it was far from the actual strip we spent alot! i even had a taxi throw me out because we made fun of drake, and said we were trash for staying there.. :(.. we upgraded for a suite and it seems like they just threw a couple of tables in the room and jacked up the price. true story, when i arrived in my room, the house keeping lady was taking a shit in the bathroom!!! wtf!!
3	It's not the Bellagio. Heck, it's not even Bally's. You won't find fancy pants roaming the halls but it has one amazingly huge, gorgeous saltwater pool and the rooms are clean and big (though the downside to the size of the rooms is that we had a small bathroom with a standup shower which was fine, but there were no shelves in there and nowhere to put your little shower items). Even though our room faced the floodlights that lit the building, the room remained dark due to the heavy drapes.Cheap rooms via Kayak dot com ($28/night what!), free parking, decent food options but the place is a maze so don't think you're going to roam free in and out. The WiFi isn't free but there's a McDonald's across the street in case you need it. Heads up - book online book online book online. You will completely avoid the ridiculously long check-in lines by doing it at an electronic kyosk. Tip!
4	I haven't had a vacation in over 5 years...... came out here for Southwest Challenge ( 9-ball pool tournament)  Didn't have a lot of money to spend and planned on just playing pool. Check-in took a lil long but, there were a lot of people in line.  The Casino was nice enough... the pool area was nice.  The rooms were nice with flatscreen tv, fridge ( OK I was glad there was not a mini bar... I mean come on... they figured out ppl wanna put their own stuff in to save money!) Room service stops at Midnight.... but, one of the restaurants, Banana leaf is open til 4am.  Chicken fried rice is great but, stay away from General TSo's chicken. (dry) The beds were just what I needed after a lot of walking and feeling so tired and sore!  So soft and comfy!  The shower had hot water.... that didn't run out.  Came back one night and the lights wouldn't turn on in the bathroom.  I left... came back and they had already completed the work order and fixed things. The only thing upsetting had nothing to do with the hotel... it had to do with the people that put up the pool tables and take them down... they started taking the pool tables away while people were still in playoffs.. it was VERY distracting..... I honestly don't think I'd come back for the 9-ball challenge again... but, I will come back for the 8ball.I'd have no problem staying here again.
4	OK back from The Riv again. This is my second review and I still give it the same rating. The check in was a little faster this but still kinda slow. Got a much better rate than their website or one of the "discount" hotel sites. Those sites are, literally, pennies cheaper than the Riv's site. My suggestion is use the Players Club phone # and the rates are usually10-20 bucks cheaper.  Nice to see the place busy . As usual the people that work there were great. Will go back.
2	Rooms clean. Food in the hotel is lousy. Eat anywhere else. Staff seems to have no idea what they are doing. Took 30 mins of disagreeing for them to find my original paperwork and see I really had paid in full in advance.  Resort fees were ridiculous.  Rooms are cheap so that's why the rating is a two and not a one.
5	for the price we paid for a suite it was definitely good! our room was very clean and didn't smell like other places i've stayed at. the room was big and spacious, even had friends over to hang with us. the pool is small but nice. and their cabanas are really nicely put together. Staff was super friendly and even though we got pretty loud in the room we had no problems with anybody. i definitely recommend this place to party.
4	I Have Stayed Here Year After Year. Its Not Fancy, Its Not Pricey , But Its Clean Quiet And The Staff Is Friendly
3	Just stayed here last weekend. I would have never booked here I prefer to stay up town Planet Hollywood. But we were in town for the World Paintball Championships. When we first booked it was only $60 a night for Friday, Saturday. That is a great price for a weekend rate. They would not let us check in early most up town hotels do. We parked in the structure so I can't comment on the valet. The walk from the structure to the hotel is short but there is a smell that will hit you like a ton of bricks a mix of fecal mater and rotting food. I guess that is what I get for not using the valet.Once inside the signs posted made it easy to find the check in desk. The pool and area surrounding was closed but it was 50 degrees outside. But during the afternoon it would have been nice to sit on the lounge chairs and take in the sun. Great for a hangover. We upgraded to a suite for an additional $60 a night not bad would have been better if it was $40. The room had very old decor but was clean. It had a bar which is really nice with a refrigerator a plus. The beds were a bit hard and they promised roll a ways in our room but did not get them until we called twice. The TV's were old but worked and had a clear picture. The jacuzzi tub looked new but the shower looked old and had some mold in the corners YUCK! We ate at the Thai restaurant and the food was good and the price was OK. We ate one time at the food court and the food was OK but the people working there were rude especially in the fast food Chinese restaurant. The event was great it was close and well run. I only wish that the hotel would have had coupons for seating etc. All in all I will only go back to this hotel for the NPPL Championships. I will continue to go to my favorite hotel Planet Hollywood.
2	Very inconsistent experience.It took forever to check in -- they were severely understaffed for a Saturday night. On the other hand, the desk clerk was very nice and did a great job handling the guy who tried to cut in line. Also, when we finally did talk to a manager later, he comped us Sunday brunch.Our room was nice, but the hotel itself was rough around the edges. This was especially accentuated by the large number of empty (and not cleaned out) shops in the retail arcade areas.The pool was a beautiful Olympic sized lap pool, but they had a floater divider between the shallow and the deep end, making it impossible to swim laps. The pool also didn't open til 9am. I suppose that may be early for the typical Vegas visitor, but there were at least a dozen people out there waiting for it to open.Of course, when we arrived for Sunday brunch, we were a few minutes early -- they were still serving "breakfast" rather than "brunch". We tried to ask what was on the brunch buffet, and the hostess just said something like, "Well, you know, it's brunch, which is a mixture of breakfast and lunch, so it's got some lunch items on the buffet too." NOT helpful. We eventually talked to the restaurant manager, who was extremely apologetic and helpful, but still... Turns out the food was great and our server was really nice, though. The chef doing the made-to-order omelettes was friendly, had a great sense of humor, and was making fantastic omelettes.One tip: if you sign up for their Players Club, you get comp tickets to the comedy club. We were able to go to the late show there after going to the early show of LOVE over at The Mirage.Also, the Indian restaurant in the food court -- fantastic, if a tad over-priced.All in all, I wouldn't generally recommend it, but if you're travelling last-minute and looking for a deal, it's passable. Just allow time for check-in.
1	I won a "free" hotel voucher thing (not exactly free since I had to pay tax and fees) and since I was going to Vegas for a concert, I figured it would be the perfect chance to use it.  The only place in Vegas my voucher was valid for was the Riviera and I figured, "how bad can it be?"  Old Vegas has it's charm, it's still on the Strip, so I thought it would be fine.Esh.  Where do I start?  First off, the elevators in the parking structure are seriously scary.  Everytime we got in them, someone would remark that we were going to die, the cables would creak, and it was just freaky.  It got to the point where we started walking the 6 flights of stairs just to avoid the scary elevators.  We also started parking in the uncovered lot just past the garage, just to avoid the elevators!Check-in?  Slow like molasses.  Shops?  Lame.  The only good stores are the ABC stores, which have very reasonable prices.The room?  It looked like it hadn't been updated since the 80s, except for a flat screen TV and iHome alarm clock.  The clock still had the wrong time and nobody had changed it since daylight savings ended.  The AC in our room rattled all night and we had to slap the panel in the ceiling to get it to stop.  Every hour it would start again.  We really should've asked for our money back at that point.  The walls were thin so we could hear the guy next door yelling at his kids at 7AM.  The curtains didn't close all the way, so we woke up when the sun came up.The bathroom was okay, but there wasn't even a stopper in the sink.  I was paranoid I would lose an earring down that thing.  The sink pipe ran into the wall and it was just ghetto, like someone just freehand cut a circle in the wall and stuck a pipe through it.  The toilet was like an industrial toilet you see in public restrooms, so I used my foot to flush it every time.Oh, and the Riviera is still on the Strip, however, it's really far from anywhere you'd want to go, so you can't really walk anywhere.  Thankfully, we had our car, so we just drove everywhere.
2	God bless the union. All the bartenders here are total jerks, and i would love to use a much more colorful word. This would be 1 star, but mike at le bistro bar was a sweetheart.. god, what i wouldn't give for a union pour card. Seriously, the majority of the bev staff need a major attitude adjustment.
1	Warning: If you've seen the incredibly cheap rates for "Penthouse" suites at the Riviera... DON'T DO IT!! It's a lie. I booked two 2 Bedroom Penthouse Suites for a birthday party... in addition to 5 other double rooms downstairs. They gave us ONE regular two bedroom suite and one "Mini Suite". Front desk manager could care less and told me I was free to stay somewhere else if I didnt like the rooms. Also... I never saw a flatscreen TV in any of our rooms... even though their website boasts about them.This place is a dump... the casino sucked (6-5 blackjack everywhere, dumpy sports book, cheap machines and ONE bar)... and they repeatedly lied to me when I spoke to reservation people on the phone to verify our suites.It's also not NEAR anything... except the Circus Circus. If you want to see Vegas, you will be taking lots of cabs.I finally got a response to one of the angry emails I sent out... the GM offered me a comp'd 'deluxe' room... during the week... for one night. Geee... thanks. And still managed to make the offer WITHOUT apologizing.I will only ever return to the Riv when they knock it down so I can pee on the rubble.
3	When we first visited Las Vegas in the early 2000, I thought this place was cool!  There were many old school casinos which I liked- Westward Ho, Stardust and definately Riviera!  I know now that people would rather go to the newer and bigger Casinos, but there is something about this place that gives me great memories.  It could use alittle more remodeling, but I like the gaming selection, the fact that you cannot get lost in this joint and the atmosphere!
1	All i have to say is 1 hour check in. WTF!! The rooms where seemingly old & out dated. For a hotel in Vegas I was expecting a slightly more updated room. Our experience was maybe the worst I have had in any hotel. Again, the checkin was ridiculasly long, and I'm not joking when I said 1 hour!! And this was at 12:15am, on a Tuesday! Then we walked all the way to our room which was about a 10 min walk, with 2 kids mind you. Then we get into our room and just get a wiff of stall cigarette air. We specifically asked for a non smoking of course. So we called the front desk from our nasty room and we were on hold for more than 10 min, after being already frustrated and tired we decided to go to the front desk and go straight to the person and made our statement. We finally got our non smoking room, but also got  very uncomfortable beds. I could go on and on, but let's leave it at that. If you don't believe me just try to experince it yourself and you'll see. I normally don't write this long of reviews but this 1 just took it! And again, I could go on and on. Bottom line, choose a different hotel if staying in Vegas, The Riviera just didn't cut it.
1	Horrible - Stay Away  - Don't even consider - take your night stay and money somewhere else!! This hotel needs to be the next to shut down. We stayed for New Years weekend and here is the results - Cons:1. Horrible Customer Service from front desk and Hotel Manager and house keeping. It's a do not care attitude. Perhaps they will be closing soon and know they are short timer. Once you check-in you can not get ahold of them via telephone. We had a employee tell us they need a dedicated person to just answer hotel guests and for them.2. 35 minute check in time. 3. Can't use luggage racks to roll to your room.4. The room had holes next to the toliet, mold on the shower ceiling, cabinet was broken. Took 4 hours to get toliet paper from house keeping after four calls to house keeping. We had a newer remodeled room that looks like that just put a bandaid on it to seem like they redid it completely. Major painting and updating still needs to be done on the rooms. Sheets don't fit the bed size, so you spend the whole nite trying to keep the sheets on.5. Hotel did not disclose check in charges or preauthorizations at checkin in dollar amounts - so you never know what they charge your credit card and they seem to think its some big mystery and don't know either. 6. Food court area smells horrible and the food for most part looks that way also. I would never eat there just due to the smell. 7. Car elevator made you feel like your in the twlight zone and only one was working on checkout. 8. Casino floor is laid out very odd and we felt it had no clear layout or direction in mind. Floor is uneven at some places.  Buffet did not look good at all. Checkin area was moved without informing us when we booked the room.9.  We got a laugh looking at all the strange people - kind like "these are the people of Walliemart music video/website". 10. We went to the V. Williams concert inside a flat convention center. The seats were so horrible to sit in that I still have back pain from them. Not to mention some handicap person in wheelchair higher than the seats  was sitting right in front of us and we could not see the concert very well. Not to mention every minute someone was walking down the aisle way. Then we had gabby people next to us the whole time and getting drinks every 5 minutes. The concert was half full by mid-way and the band mentioned how old the hotel looked to them - which we felt was quite funny. Pros:1. Member Services Management did resolve some issues we had and went above and beyond to help me out.2. Steak House was pretty good to eat and had a good atmosphere.4. Mcdonald's is close by.5. Monorail is in walking distance from the hotel.6. New Years dinner was amazing - they did a awesome job on that.
3	Eh, can't complain.I spent 3 nights here in December. My buddy's mom works for another hotel (which shall remain nameless) but on short notice she was able to get a ridiculously cheap deal at the Riviera. I was expecting a lot worse based on some of the reviews, honestly.I only ever came in through the lobby and went straight up to my room - we walked through the casino once (and I was inebriated enough to not care that it was deserted on a Friday night). It was old but clean, and my room was reasonably nice. Sure, the bathroom was obviously from maybe the 80s at the oldest, but Christ people, it's a lot of money to renovate a whole hotel when it all still works.This is not the Hilton or Four Seasons. Anyway, it was clean, the beds were comfy, we had a flat-screen TV and iHome dock, there were towels/soap/shampoo. I was pleased with the place.The only real downside to me was the neighborhood - in Vegas, you don't want to drive between the traffic and impending inebriation, and this was NOT a nice area to walk through. It was about 2 blocks of "Oh my God, we're going to get mugged" before we reached the Wynn and the real strip.Oh, and the maids neglected to clean my room the second day. Mind you, the two of us who were up to no good kicked them out when they knocked at noon, so maybe we frightened them away. Oh well.
2	If you plan to stay here, you must know what you are looking for.If you want a good experience for your stay at the strip, don't stay here.  The hotel is absolutely on the dead side of the strip.  If you want to be close to what's happening, stay at a hotel in the middle of the strip.  If you are looking for cheap accomodations, this is a good choice. But be prepared to walk far or use public transportation to get anywhere interesting.Stayed here for a convention that its convention center was hosting (no it's not adult con) and it was a smart decision to stay here since besides attending the event, we weren't really up to going around the strip.Recap:Rooms - coming in, I set my standards low but I was actually surprised how the rooms in the Monaco tower were updated.  New TV, soft bed, modern bathroom facilities, decor is also up to date.  Also, free wifi in the room.  My problem was regarding the door.  It was hard to close.  You really have to yank very hard for it to close.  And it's not just our door that's that way.  In the wee hours of the night or early morning, you will hear loud bangs from your neighbor because they too have the same door handle.  Hallway - the hotel needs to invest in new carpets.  it was difficult to drag my suitcases when the carpets are wrinkled, unsmooth, and uneven.  ABC Stores - This is probably the best part of this hotel.  I got everything I needed during my stay here.Overall, the place is not the best, but like I said, you really need to know what you want to stay here.  If you don't really care about the rest of the strip and is here for the convention. Stay here.
1	Had a very bad experience. Our so-called updated luxury room was disgusting - outdated plumbing, dirty linens and room was filthy and smelled. Rooms had dated look, carpet was stained, heater was not working properly.The amenities in the hotel are weak. The casino is low end and the dealers are either rude or don't speak english. The location on the strip isn't good either. It's far to walk to get down to where the action is. I think this hotel has had its day and people should choose from all the other hotels on the strip
1	The staff at the Riviera is VERY rude! A couple of staff members started talking about my family and I in front of our faces just because we had asked, earlier, if there were any rooms available. RIDICULOUS! Not only did they have bad attitudes, but they kept us waiting for about an hour until we got our room. Also, the restaurant inside the hotel has very poor quality food. If I could rate this hotel less than one I would.
1	I just waited in line for over an hour to check into the hotel. Over an hour!!! Unacceptable!!!!!!!!
3	This was my first time ever booking a hotel online so I would like to point out some tips for nubcakes like myself: 1) Even though you're booking a night for the same exact day, online prices will change from week to week. Keep that in mind when looking for a deal. 2) Booking a hotel from its actual website will only give you access to the highest available price they offer. It's best to scrounge around for some other sites that will allow you to book at other hotels. 3) Hotels do not reserve your non-smoking or smoking request (either that or Rivieria doesn't do that at all). 4) There is a hidden facility fee (at least Riviera hid this from me) that they will charge you at the front desk when you check into your room (it costs around $9). Now that my online-hotel booking cherry has been popped, let's talk about the Riviera. First off, it's one of the cheapest (if not the cheapest) main hotels on the Las Vegas strip. I paid $128 for a night (not including the hidden facility fee). However, you really get what you pay for. The rooms themselves have a relatively effete view of the strip. However, the beds are comfortable enough. The room service is average and I had no idea where to get extra towels. They have a pool but no jacuzzi! I had the opportunity to eat at the in-house buffet which gets a two star rating from me. My most memorable moment involved me raising my hand to get the waitress' attention as I was absolutely parched. She looked at me and said, "Don't you do that." My cronies and I were in a curious quandary because we could not figure out how I was being rude. Her rude attitude continued for the entire time we were there. Now every time I raise my hand for anything, my friends will promptly look at me and say, "Don't you do that." The food itself is typical of a veritable plethora of buffets: average. If anything, always forage for a section that includes a chef cooking food right in front of you. Fortunately, this buffet had such a chef. This convivial cooker served us some sumptuous omelets. I responded with a dollar tip for his services. However, the only tip I gave that  feckless waitress was a note saying "Get a new job." Zing!
5	Stayed here with my family last August. We will for sure be back this coming summer!The RIviera is a true Vegas Classic as Vegas should be.While it is at the end of the Strip you can still walk the strip after all it is only 4 miles and there is so much to look at along the way.We arrived early . The only down side to this hotel is that check in is at 4 if they have a room ready you should be able to check in no matter what the time is.The hotel was Vintage Vegas which is a breath of fresh air considering all the others except a few are way too modern.The room we had was in the Mediterranean North Tower.It had just been remodeled which was nice . It had Comfy beds nice shower and for those who like them a flat screenTV, which I could care less about your are on Vacation you are not there to watch TV. Everything was extreamly clean that is the one thing I worry about. The size of a room and what is offered in room is of no intrest to me.The food court was nice they had a nice choice of food. There is a McDonalds across the street and a Dennys about a block down.The pool was very nice and clean. The Casino is also very nice because it is not crowded. There isa Duce Bus stop right in front of the hotel so you can hop right on.This is  a Great Hotel to stay in if you want Vintage Vegas and less crowds.Thanks for a Great Stay Riviera!! Looking foward to stay with you again this year!!
1	There is a very good reason why The Sands, The Frontier etc. were torn down = Time had passed them by in the fast lane. There is a reason why The Riviera is still standing and that is because it got a reprive from the economic downturn we are currently experiencing, The same economic downturn that forced the halt of construction of the Echelon across the street from The Riviera and the massive Fountainbleu right beside it to the north as well as the closure of The Sahara right up the road. Had any of these construction projects gone forward to completion it would have been The DEATH NAIL for this hotel that is living on borrowed time. As it is, the only thing that has people staying there is its "$25 a night rooms" and as you might imagine, this draws in every type of undesirable element that you could ever imagine.Lets start out driving North on LV Blvd in an attempt to check in to the Riviera. Its 6pm on a weekday and as we slow down in our approach to the Hotel there is a sign indicating "Check in" and a ramp leading down. Here we meet a old bald overweight Security Guard who is walking as if he has a load in his pants and he is none to pleased to see us. This person should be running a Prison instead of a Hotel, only time has passed him by as well and he;s probably lucky to have even this job. He surely informs us that this area is closed and the check in is around the back. (Why have a sign on the Strip indicating that this is the check in then?!) So we wind our way through and around this mammoth underground area and come up a ramp that brings us to a road with another entrance that appears to be the Check in area.As we attempt to park here we are approached by a large Security Guard on a bike dressed in yellow & black and he too is in no good mood and informs us if we park here we will be towed. I ask him where the check in is and he points towards the road and rides off on his bike that is somehow holding up his massive weight. You would think that a Hotel that is on its last leg would at least try and have some kind of "Customer Service Awareness" or signs indicating where the Check in area is at....you'd think right?So I get back in the car and we drive towards the area the chap on the bike pointed and we come to a curve with 2 tunnels in front of us both indicating one way traffic and NOT our way! We go forward as this is our only option and drive around a parking garage and finally come out on a road where we finally see buses & cabs and the likes and we move towards this area and get out and ask if this is the check in. Again we are met with more hostility being told by a "Bellman" that we cannot park our car here and that we need to find a parking spot and then check in. He does offer to take our bags though.Now we are faced with finding parking. Good Luck with THAT!! We drive around the first garage we come to and go all the way to the top finding no available spaces. Now instead of us wasting our time and gas, wouldnt it be appropriate to have a sign indicating that the garage is FULL? I guess that would be to modern of a concept for this 50's era hotel. So we drive off further and further away from the check in area to find parking in a lot with buses, semi-trucks with trailers and we park there. As we get out we are approached by some derelict that has seen better days who asks us for some change. I guess this is Parking Lot Reception?Finally we get to the Front Desk and there is a winding line of 120 people (I counted them = 120!!) all waiting to check in to the hotel and at the desk there are 2 clerks slowly making there way here and there with papers in thier hands checking people in. I walked to the front of the line and asked a group how long they had been waiting and was told 1 1/2 hour. Are you kidding me? I guess EXPRESS CHECK IN is a concept the management running this place further into the ground has never heard of?We left and checked in to the Marriot on Convention Center Drive where we did not have a reservation and the entire process of parking, checking in and getting to our room took less than 20 minutes. After reading some of the comments here I'm glad we did. I guess if you like living in the past The Riviera is for you. My advice is to have ALOT of time on your hands, prepare to be treated like a prisoner, have some extra change for the derelicts wandering around and get there soon because THIS PLACE IS ON ITS VERY LAST LEG.....My better advice is DONT......You have been warned.
4	Hotel - 3 starsPrice - 5 STARS *****  Got $25 on expedia for 2 different  tripsRooms - 3 stars My room was updated and just like any other standard room.  Nothing fancy, but good.Although the hotel has 1970s carpet and the casino and lobby are outdated, The service was good, and the price was right.  I LOVED the old style Maquis lights out front.  Nice to see, as the Riv and Circus are the only two left outside Freemont street with the old lights at night.  Hotels have a fast food court which is cheap and convenient, but not open late.  Casino has a nice bar as well as a separate British Pub, Chinese restaurant, Steakhouse, and Buffet. All in all, I liked the old style, because my room was clean and new.Just like the hotel food is eehh, but prices are fair.Location is OK, about 8-10 minute walk out of the back of the hotel to Las Vegas Hotel where the monorail stops to go to the main part of the strip.  Not a nice walk, through deserted parking lot.  Not recommended, unless you're just a group of guys.  Instead, 8-10 minute walk to the Wynn and fashion show mall which begins the main part of the "newer strip".  If you're young it'll save you lots on cabs.  About 2 minutes past Wynn is Monorail stop at Imperial Palace.  If you're coming home late from the main strip its about $5.00 cab from Las Vegas Hotel Monorail.
2	Ok. When you go to Las Vegas to get the hell away and have to pay for airfare as well. All I can tell you is it's old, worn, but CLEAN! I did feel as if I was stuck in circa 1978 for a few days but hey! It actually worked for the money. It's not fancy and far away from the new part of the strip so I suggest instead of paying for monorail tickets bring or rent a car!
1	Out of curiosity I wandered to the back of the casino for the first time yesterday. I looked and felt too clean to be there, particularly early in the day. I felt like I was receiving unwarranted attention until I realized that I was probably the only person in the place that was under 60. The stale, smoky air was stifling and I left satisfied in knowing that I'd not been missing out on anything in my avoidance of the past.  I'm a bit nostalgic when it comes to some of the older casinos, but that did not carry over to the Riviera.
2	I was looking forward to going back to The Riviera.  Years ago, if one wagered twenty bucks, they one an awesome embroidered denim jacket.  It had the desired effect, we pitched a tent there and gambled.    Not this time.  That promotion is gone, as is "Nickel Town", which used to be attatched.    I only saw one waitress on the main slot floor, blonde, a little tall, short haircut.  She scowled and attempted to make no eye contact.   Hey lady, I am a good tipper, and you don't even know me yet, what is with the hostility.    We left.  We didn't give the Riviera a dime.  I worry about this end of the Strip and wish the R the best, but it didn't seem like the same place.
1	What a dump!!!  Just got back from a 3 day stay at the Riviera for the first time.  The newly "renovated" rooms in the Monaco Tower are pathetic!  The curtains were falling down, the towel rack in the bathroom fell off and the room itself looked like a standard budget motel!  The only good thing was the iPod dock and the falt screen TV.  The maids were knocking on my door, even with my 'do not disturb' sign on the door!  Also, they were very loud in the hallways as they were cleaning speaking in some foreign language.  Stay away.  I've been to Vegas about 40 times and this was the worst place I've ever stayed.  The Sahara was nicer than this DUMP!!
2	Okay, so I'm a bit spoiled. Normally in Vegas I stay at nice hotels. But, since my convention was at the Riviera I figured I'd just stay there rather than have to cab back and forth from another hotel. My room was in the original tower (built in the 50's) and felt like a Motel 6 with new tile. The rooms have been renovated, but even your grandma looks old after her most recent facelift. Although its on the strip, it's pretty out of the way (but within walking distance of Encore or the convention center) and its surrounded by empty ghost properties that fell victim to the recession (Fountain Blue and Echelon).How strange is this: although the building is only 6 stories, the elevator numbers are listed 31-36. So if you want to go to the ground floor, you have to press 31 (and there's no instructions, I sat in the elevator for 5 minutes until another hotel guest got in and instructed me on the Riviera elevator nuances)Bottom line: it's a cheap hotel, but I wouldn't call it a bargain.Pros: relatively cheap, great English pub, decent beds, flat screen tv (but it's small), mini-fridge in room for personal use, lots of history, free in-room wi-fiCons: Old and worn down, shower head is about 5 feet off the ground, resort fee ($11/night), $3.50 per night if you want to use the in-room safe, long wait to check in
2	Are all the wrecking balls and implosion teams booked out or something?  Why is this embarrassment to lodging and gaming not reduced to a pile of rubble with chunks of polyester pants, disco balls and coke vials mixed in. The last time this hotel was relevant sinatras nut hairs were still black.   Ok, gave it 2 stars because the bed was comfy and the petite suite had a 40"
1	This is by far the most Awful room experience I've ever had. I consider myself a pretty chill person. Waited in line 1.5 hours to check in. The girls next to me got upgraded to better rooms but not me, okay no big deal. They stuck me next to the elevator -- which in normal hotels is no big deal -- but here you can hear EVERY time the elevator goes up and down (not so good on the sleeping situation). Plus $11/night resort fee.Pay $20 more a night and go somewhere else. Please! I wish I had consulted yelp before purchasing --I viewed only the over inflated expedia reviews -- I was mislead. They also wouldn't switch us to a new room (after we asked nicely) -- told us  there were no rooms available. I went on expedia and guess what -- they still had rooms available. It crushes my heart that people would just lie like that. Very disappointed. Very.
4	I think others have been unkind to this place.  I really liked it and it was far better than other places for the money we could afford.  Yes, it's pretty far down the strip.  Spend $7 and get a 24 hour bus pass that will take you anywhere you want to go, just about!  Yes, it's one of the oldest casino/hotels on the strip.  It doesn't smell musty like old cigars or drunken lounge singers!  It's nice and comfortable and well appointed and cheaper than even the Tropicana with its new South Beach whitewashed look (this is Vegas, if I wanted whitewashed decor I'd go to South Beach, thank you! Blech).For what would only have gotten us a small, ordinary room at another casino/hotel, we ended up with a beautiful 2 room suite with 2 king beds (the most comfortable I've ever slept in!), 2 bathrooms, really nice sitting room with a balcony and a mini bar to boot!I gave this place 4 stars because for me, the traveler on a budget, that's exactly what it is!  We will be back!!
4	We stayed at the Riviera recently and had a great time. The rooms have been renovated and our friends stayed in the penthouse - the place was pretty big and had a great view of the strip. For 200 a night it seemed like a pretty good deal. It doesn't have the amenities like the bigger, newer, name hotels; but we didn't have to go far for entertainment. Great night club and comedy show.  As some of the other reviews have noted, our only complaint was the wait at check in/out, a little slow there, and they NEVER answer at the front desk from the room phone.
2	This place has seen better days. I feel like such a douchebag snob, but MAN, couldn't help but giggle at how rundown the lobby and casino were and couldn't stop thinking about Austin Powers when I first arrived. We stayed here because my girlfriend had a free room for some reason or another.  I don't think I would stay here again even if it were free. The room was fine (SO SMALL and no "getting ready" space (we were in the North Mediterranean tower) but it's just kind of a buzzkill. The casino sucks, it's pretty far away from the newer areas of the strip and all the employees we came across were so dense and not as service oriented as I feel they should be. The valet guys told the two people standing next to us (and us at one point) they couldn't find our car. The front desk connected a man to my room at 4am (he only gave them my first name, too, which is Brittany -- not the most uncommon of first names) at 4am. Of course I was awake but that just seems a little weird. Also - for the love of all things holy, do not make any "long distance" (outside Vegas area code) calls from this hotel - $20 each!! So icky and completely defeats the point, in my mind, of going to Vegas to indulge in luxury.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.  Yup, that sums it up.   This hotel isn't on top of all the action of the stip, so the prices tend to be a litte more reasonable.. and i think they are either remodeling or have a newer 'tower' in the mix.... however, I got assigned to maybe one of their orginal rooms?  You know, back in the day when the average human was only like... 4 ft 11 or so?  you would think so when you step into a shower and have to swat down to get your head wet.  It was either a very high faucet or very low shower head.Confusing to find the right elevator or right section or right room.  ugh.  When I get to my hotel, I want to just dump my stuff and go gamble!!!  you know.. spend more money in your hotel?  Don't have me walking outside in freezing weather past the pool, left or right or left again to find the room.  Ugh.  And then please ride your elevators once in a while... because unless this is to be a horror ride... the noices and clinks and clanks and all don't really make me feel to good. Your saving grace was your buffet. OMG. YUM. YUM. and the server was AWESOME ....   the best part of my stay.....   I just think that with all the competition, a little investment to make the rooms up to standard ( hallways not covered in stands and dark and dreary... fresher rooms)... that it may go a long way. I come to Vegas often, but probably won't come back here, unless the prices are really that good... Who knows.......
1	Worst experience ever at a hotel. Their manager Ed Castillo was a jerk.  He showed disrespect to me and my friends.  We will never come back here. And I recommend that if you read this, you never stay at the Riviera. Plus, the dealer named Wolfgang was very rude to us as well.
1	Tried to go to the British restaurant in the hotel.  Pulled into the driveway from the strip to get to the self parking garage.  They must have had a show just get out because the line to get to the self parking merges with the valet exit and it was a cluster-fudge of traffic that took us about 20 minutes to get to the other side where the garage was.  We decided to not go to the Riviera and left when we had a chance to get out of there.  They have the worst entry/exit for cars that I have ever been in.  I will never go to the Riviera again.
3	Actually attended the Riviera to see Jan Rouven's Illusions at the Starlight Theater and I have to say that this is probably one of the easiest hotel/casinos to navigate on the strip. I wasn't wandering helplessly for hours trying to find parking or the theater. Although it may not have the bells and whistle of it's neighbors it's definitely "user friendly". Jan Rouven's show was phenomenal had front row seats and STILL couldn't figure out the mystery behind the magic. I definitely recommend Illusions as a great all ages family show or even an inexpensive, quality alternative to David Copperfield or Chris Angel.
1	Horrible experience.  I planned a trip well over 6 months ago for Vegas for my birthday and everything about this trip's reservations was horrible. Booked through Travelocity and the reservations never showed in Riviera's system. I called and sat on hold the week before my trip at least 3 times to no avail.  When we checked in, my reservations were still not in their system.  Even after proof of my reservation, showing my call log, and being sweet at pie to the idiot hotel registration clerk I received no "I'm sorry for the inconvenience" no, "can we upgrade you for your troubles"... Nothing... It wasn't until I complained for at least the third time that I was even upgraded to what they called a suite. And even then it was a "Well we normally don't do this".... RUDE! Most horrible hotel experience ever. Luckily we didn't allow it to ruin our trip but I'd never ever suggest it to anyone I know.  Ever.  Horrible.
2	This place only gets 2 stars for the price of the rooms that we got on lasvegasdirect.com ($200 for 3 nights) and the surprisingly good Indian fast food joint in their food court- otherwise, it would be a solid 1 star.When we arrived, the check-in line went around to almost the door and took about 30-45 minutes. They couldn't hire some more people for the sake of providing good customer service? When we finally got to the front, the lady that checked us in had her purse in hand and rushed to get us out so that she could leave. Riviera has a "best rate guarantee" that states that if you find a better rate anywhere else online, they'll match it and give you a complimentary room upgrade. When we brought this up, she said that we never mentioned this when we made our reservation (even though we did over and over and over again). Finally, I asked to speak to a manager and had to tell them that a friend of mine checked in earlier that day with the same deal and got her room upgrade. Like a previous reviewer said, these people finally gave in and said, "We don't normally do this, but we'll give it to you." You don't normally do this? Really? Then why is there an entire special section for it on your website? I hate incompentence. In her hurry to get off her shift, she failed to give us room keys. When we pointed that out, she rudely said, "No, I gave it to you. You must have put it somewhere." Umm...no we didn't...we've been standing here the whole time and never once reached into our pockets or purse/wallet. In a huff, she gave us "another" set of keys but didn't even bother to activate them. This ended up leaving me sitting on the floor by our hotel room while the hubs went downstairs again to get it activated.We had a room on the Monaco Tower, and it was alright. I guess it matched the pricetag. I mean, nothing was dirty or disgusting, but you could tell that it was older. If this was their "upgrade" then I'd hate to see the room that we would've gotten. Other things that added to the bad stay:-A friend of mine who failed to mention the best rate guarantee/room upgrade didn't get a comforter because they ran out. They gave her a gross, uncomfy wool blanket instead. At least we got a comforter I suppose... -Riviera's website advertises $50 of free slot play if you book with them and join their Players Club. I did this, and was given the run around (literally). I was sent back and forth between the front desk and the players club 3 times to try to get my free slot play. Nothing. I had lost about 45 minutes doing this, so I just gave up out of frustration.-The in-a-hurry check-in lady never gave us a sheet of coupons that they're supposed to give everyone at check-in. We found out about this much later on. Turns out we could've actually used a few of the coupons for poker tournament buy-ins and food. Gah too late.-Another friend of mine couldn't find her "do not disturb" sign, and they wouldn't give her another one. End result: being woken up by the cleaning ladies every morning at 10 or 11am...which wouldn't be a huge deal if you didn't go to bed around 7am every night/morning. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will never go close to this place- unless maybe if I'm craving Indian food in the middle of the night :PSure, you save some money on the hotel room itself, but it comes out to be pretty much the same when you consider the hundreds of dollars in cab and limo fees to get from the Riviera to the center of the strip (where we spent a lot of our time) and back for the days that you're there.
2	The hotel smelled very nice- less smokey that most.  The gaming tables were a lot of fun.  The rooms were nothing special, but not bad, either.  Biggest problem was valet services.  Took nearly 20 minutes to get a taxi every time.  The front was littered with trash- every time there was a wind gust, we were pelted with dirt!  Check-in was also a lengthy process.
4	Had a single night stay Thanksgiving 2011. Good rate sub $40 (+$7 resort fee) for a Queen room in the Monaco Tower. You have to walk outside past the pool away from the casino floor to get to the Monaco Tower. My check in took less than 4 minutes (i timed it) but a 45 minute wait in line for my turn.The room was nicely appointed as if renovated in the past 3 years with minimal signs of wear. Bathroom was a newer update as well.didn't spend much time in the casino. Plus is their convent store chain had good pricing even on the grab-n-go sandwiches. Strip valet parking fills quickly but found valet back by the convention center on property (and closer to rooms in the back.)Bigger property, a bit dated look but the room I thought was on par as far as design, age, condition and cleanliness. Would stay again all things considered - not my 1st choice to pamper myself but not the last if I needed just a clean room on the strip.
1	I don't know where to start other than this place is awful.  I had my room broken into and ALL of my electronics were stolen.  Not even that things were stolen, I felt unsafe being in a hotel where people can easily break into rooms.  Turns out the door wasn't closing properly and they told me it was my fault.  Their service was horrible and hotel manager was incredibly rude.  I asked for a copy of my report that I filed with their security and they refused to give it to me for my police report.  Then I was walking through the casino with 3 females and some crazy homeless bum was stumbling around and screaming at the ladies I was with.  Security again was nowhere to be found, I had to go to their podium and point out that there was a guy following us.  I work in the industry and this place is at the absolute bottom of my list for a safe and clean hotel...the only thing you should be guaranteed in a hotel.  DO NOT GO HERE!
2	I want to like the Riviera since it's one of the last casinos in this town that are from Vegas' heyday.  It would be nice to roam a casino and get that feeling that you were in the same place that Ann Margaret or Bob Hope spent a glamorous vacation or go see a show and imagine yourself in the same theater where Elvis or Frank preformed.Instead, I get sad when I come here.A major facelift is in order.  Some new bars, restaurants, and shows to bring in a different crowd.  A new soundtrack with either current music or oldies- not whatever it is they have playing now.  Maybe some raises so the employees smile once in a while.Note to tourists: I have not seen the rooms so I cannot help there.  The location is on the very north end of The Strip near the Stratosphere and the now-closed Sahara.  Expect to walk for a good bit or catch a ride to reach the other casinos farther south on The Strip.
4	Well, I gotta say that this place wasnt bad. Again, i didnt stay here, but had a 3 day conference in the back. The valet guys were very cool and friendly. The place is pretty long, as it doesnt look like that from the strip. When I was there, they were remodeling and doing construction, but the place wasnt a rundown.
4	Ok......when you walk in the lobby you will feel like its the 70's but get past that and into the Monaco Tower and you'll find yourself pleasantly surprised and the joint's cleanliness and recently renovated rooms. I literally felt like we walked into a different hotel since it was a completely different feel from the cheesy disco vibe you got in the lobby. Bang for the buck, I'd definitely stay here again, I'm the type of traveler who just crashes at hotels so I'm more interested on whats going on outside, if you're the same way, you'd book this place too.
3	Room is nice enough. Bed is very comfortable. Food at the R Buffet and the poolside cafe were barely adequate. Free wi-fi is a nice bonus. Older crowd here mostly. I saw a cocktail waitress in the casino old enough to be my much older sister. An unusual thing considering I am getting close to 50.
1	As with another reviewer has listed with their stay that was about a month prior to mine I too was robbed while staying at this hotel.  The hotel has also stated that this was my fault stating that the room door didn't close properly.  I also requested a report of their "findings" only to be told they cannot provide me with anything outside of the statement that I made to Risk Management.  I asked for potential hallway cameras and I was told that there were none.  I will also mention that the evening before we were awaken by someone in the room who claimed to be housekeepting at 2:30 in the morning.  We immediately left and found another hotel to finish out our Vegas stay.  Do NOT trust this hotel.  It is not safe and honestly the staff really didn't care.My husband and I have been to Vegas many many times and have stayed at many hotels between the two of us.  Never before have I ever had anything like this occur.I did stay in the Monoco Towers of upgraded rooms and they were barely 21st century and from the sounds of the Risk Management group the doors do not work properly.
4	I just returned from my bachelor party in Vegas and me and 9 other guys chose the Riviera based on it being the cheapest Strip hotel. I will admit I didn't have big expectations because of all the bad reviews but I was completely shocked that the reviews were so low. I arrived Friday around 6 pm and waited to check I'm for no more then 15-20 minutes. There was plenty of staff working and James at the front desk did an excellent job of getting me the room I needed all in the same tower and floor as my friends. In no way is the Riviera comparable to newer Vegas hotels, but if you need a place to lay your head and hold your things it works fine. When we got to our room the ironing board was broke. We called the front desk and a new one was at our door in less then 5 minutes! I talked with some staff at Queen Victories Pub...excellent breakfast and wonderful staff...and they explained to me the Riv filed bankruptcy and was under new management. This may explain my experience compaired with other reviews. If you give the Riviera a try I'm sure your experience will be much closer to mine then those of past reviews.
1	This hotel does not deserve even one star.  It is a total dump.  Bad service, crappy room, everything is outdated.  The only reason I stayed here was because I had a convention to get to and the prices were astronomically high for most hotels at the time.  I would not stay here again, though.  The hotel operates almost as though no one runs it.  It's like it's on autopilot.  You get the sense that none of the workers have anyone they are responsive to at all.
2	I'm staying here now and am disappointed that we decided to do so.  Ok, so we got the free offer for 3 nights and needed to go to Vegas for a trade show.  We had offers from 2 other hotels, but thought old Vegas would be cool.  After checking in we tried to nap this afternoon to construction noises from the next room.  Unfortunately we tried to call the front desk and no one answered the lines endlessly.  Then, we tried to call the manager's office, no answer there for 15 minutes.  Of course, now we are unhappy.  So, we call Security, three times and they tell us they will check out the loud repair sounding noises, on a Sunday coming from the room next to us.  No call back.  When I called again, the Security employee told me to "get over it"!!!  Well, we marched down to the front desk and eventually had to pack up everything and we have been moved to another room.  The hotel is old, that's ok, and it is undergoing some renovation, that's good.  But customer service is weak.Let's give them a chance to get better.  I hope they do.
2	The Riviera suffers from a serious case of Old. It isn't just that the structure is old, it's that its spirit seems to be merely lingering, waiting to die, as do much of its staff. That's not to say that it's bad. It's just old. It's various lobby and casino displays are themed around really cool events that happened there fifty years ago (when brass and mirrors were "in"), and nothing about what's going on there now. Because there's nothing cool going on there now. "Riviera! Look how hip we used to be!" is a great slogan to sum it up.My experience at the Riviera started out with extreme annoyance at how long it took to check in. There were maybe twenty people in line, yet it took about 90 minutes to get to the counter. And then I discovered that they had lost my reservation. After waiting another thirty minutes while the clerk was investigating the situation in a back room, she returned to say that they were able to work something out, and offered two free tickets to some crappy comedy show in their theater. Needless to say, I'd never heard of the comic, and just tossed the tickets.If you're going to Vegas for other reasons, and don't plan on being in your room or the casino much, then you could do worse than the Riviera. If nothing else, it's cheap. We were in town for the NAB Show and just wanted cheap lodging, for which Riv came through.The Queen Victoria pub is pretty good, and they have a lot of great beers and ales on tap. We had crappy service the first time we ate there, but the servers on the other two occasions made up for it. The fish and chips are excellent.I also got a kick out of the pool area, because when you step into it from the hotel, you could have just stepped right back into 1960. It kinda made me feel like Frank. I would say that the period decor is spot-on, but it isn't decor; it's original period. If you're shooting a movie and you need a Rat Pack-era pool setting, get your ass to the Riv.Will I stay there again? Probably not, since I've decided that my life goals need to be moving forward instead of stagnating. Next year I'm aiming for Treasure Island. Not Bellagio, yet. I shouldn't get ahead of myself. But, if someone were to tell me, it's the Riviera or nothing, then sure, I wouldn't mind staying there again. I could use the fish and chips as an excuse.
4	I decided to give the Riv another chance.. Glad I did. I hear a lot about the guy running it now trying to make it players place vs. an amusement ride stuffed super hotel. I like what they have done. Way better than when I was there about a year ago. Remodel is paying off big time! I like the setups, the Asian restaurant in there is not really very Asian but whatever. The table areas were nice and reworked. It didn't even smell in there! LOL.. I like.. I am hitting it a few times now and see if I have some luck over there! Keep up the good work guys!
1	This hotel sucks, basic room is sooo small, our small suite is backed up to the elevator shafts so there was no getting any sleep!! Pool sucks, slots were so tight i wont go into details!! Id rather stay at a hospital!!!
2	My friends and I just got back from vacation here.  We went through Casablanca Express and got a good deal . . . Or so we thought.This place is horrible and I will never stay here again.There was a cockroach crawling on the wall in our room as soon as we came in.When we went down stairs for compensation, the manager acted like we were inconveniencing her.  I believe her name was Dorothy.  We made our reservation for an EK bed in a smoking room.We got 2 full size mattress in a cockroach room.The manager, after coming back 3 times, finally upgraded us to the Signature suites and refunded our resort fees after giving us hella attitude. NOT ENOUGH!The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because NICHOL was amazing with helping us out and I LOVED the Batman slot game.  Othwerwise, I give this place 1 star!DO NOT STAY HERE.  This place is seriously overpriced (rooms, drinks, buffet, etc.), cockroach filled and their customer service is a joke.My friends and I will never stay here again.
3	It's not a bad hotel at all, but it is just very old and is shadowed under the much fancier hotels in Vegas.I've stayed here twice because it was cheap. $49 for a room on a weekend isn't bad at all. Room was clean, basic, smelled fine, but I found it a little hard to breathe at night. Mattresses were a little too hard for my liking but what can ya do..Pool is small but nice enough. I spent a lot of time out there swimming in it and sitting by it. Drinks they serve in the poolside bar are WEAK though. Gambling is affordable but this is definitely NOT  a "happening" hotel for people in my age group which is 20s. And I think those of us in our 20s who stay there don't EXPECT it to be either.... come on we know we're just staying here because it's cheap.  Just sleeping here, not hanging out here. My friends and I actually walked to the Wynn hotel which is right next door at one point.The bartenders in the casino at 3 in the morning were pretty nice, friendly and helpful, though. That was cool.Self parking garage really sucks though... not enough spaces and the elevators are pretty scary.
2	Read several of the recent reviews and you'll get the idea. OLD & in need of up grades.. The room was tolerable, though disappointing for the $. I tried hard not to think about the price we'd paid for an old dirty barely updated room. The linens seemed fresh, which was the only positive. Lots of families staying here, which for me, helped the atmosphere. The casino layout was crazy & we were constantly lost, unable to find our elevator tower. We ended up spending more time at Circus Circus across the street. The wifi was incredibly s-l-o-w... nearly always gave up on internet & just turned the computer off.Vegas has some sort of ordinance about hotel swimming pools closing early --- which was crazy to me. We're out all day doing things, in desert heat, and would have loved to come back to the hotel for a nice cool swim..... oh no no no-- the pool closes at 8pm, it's still light outside & very hot - just take a cold shower.positives: on the north end of the strip, walking distance to other, better hotelsnegatives: OLD & dirty, very small pool with blaring music during the day, the hallways to the rooms are VERY dark & poorly lit - maybe it's to hide the dirty carpetsIf you're looking for a "retro" experience, this might be just the place for ya, it's hay-day has definitely come & goneI admit, we were trying to save some money & not spend a fortune on a room, but maybe it's worth spending a little bit more...Would I recommend this place? probably not. Look for better options.
1	I had to have the maid come in and change our sheets that had been changed earlier with sheets that were stained with who knows what.  But it was disgusting and I can't imagine the first maid that put the sheets on could have missed it.  Our neighbors had a nice screaming match that sounded like it could get violent at any moment.  I called security, they never showed.  The hallways smell of old cat litter box. Nasty! The front desk people are rude and don't even let you speak.  They just speak over you and tell you NO.The whole place is old and needs some serious renovations.  Our room looked like they tried to remodel at some point but it was more of slapping some new stuff over the old stuff.
3	Stayed here during a conference at the convention center. At first when I decided on the Riviera, I was like meh. Even when I got to the hotel, it was meh. The taxi drop off is in the back and feels like an alley. There's no door men. The lobby is tiny. On Saturday night, the casino was nearly empty. My room smelled like balls. My view was off a roof and construction site.But ya know what? It turned out to be a great decision. The hotel is walking distance (clearly marked) to the convention center, so you don't have to screw around with the monorail on your way to a conference, which was great because it was NAB and the lines for that thing go for miles in the morning. And coming back after a night out to a fairly sleepy hotel without a ton of fanfare was nice. Plus, it was super cheap. The only downside is all the stuff I wanted to do was at the opposite end of the strip, but even the occasional taxi fare didn't make my expenses come close to what they would have been. I even got used to the ball smell. I'd stay here again for a conference, for sure.
1	Looks like a Hospital, food is about the same. Spent 5 grueling night there, Slots are tighter than a un-know-what. Rooms Sucked BAD. Not worth the money by a LONG SHOT maybe $10 a night?!? Even while playing waitresses come around every hour for drinks. The pool??? OMG The tiles were filthy, no shade, and only on waitress for 200 people. One of the worst hotel experiences ever!!!  Ill pitch in to blow it up! Like the other prehistoric hotels!!! If your wondering why I stayed there is because of a convention or I would have left after the first night!!!!
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would, There are bad hotels and cheap hotels this was both but i guess you get what you ay for. For one thing this place does not I repeat does not clean your room everyday. I went with some friends for my bacheloette party and we had 4 rooms in differnet floors and towers. None of them were cleaned. We even asked one of the housekeepers who was 3 doors away to make sure to clean our room. We came back a few hours later and our rooms were still not cleaned. Every worker there was unhappy and looked like they were out of it. Service was very slow no matter where you went. And parking sucked . valet gets packed and self parking was full!!Please avoid this place if you go or at least pick somewhere that is closer to the strip. I wshould have stayed at circus circus or excalibur. I probably would have had a better experience.oh and i forgot. They charged me a $22 fee if which i left numerous messages and e-mails as to what this charge was for and no one has gotten back to me. So if you do stay, carefully check your bill at check out. They will try and steal every dime from you they can.
1	First of all let me give you some background. I have been coming to this Hotel "Motel" every few years since the mid 80's. The only reason i ever started coming here is that my uncle used to play in pool tournaments at this "Motel". Back then it was really a matter of the cheapest room rates we could find and the fact that the pool tournament was held in the Riviera convention center. Even back then this place seemed old and out of date. In recent years we have stayed at other Hotels at the other end of the strip so i had not seen the Riv in several years. Needless to say NOTHING has changed for the better. 1) They have moved the front desk area to a different location that i think is 50% the size of the old location. The lines to check in/out are constantly backed up. When we checked in Sat night at 11pm there was still a line of at least 12 people and only 3 employees working. It seemed as though each of them was on their first days work as it took them forever to check people in.2) Resort Fee: They now charge a "Resort" Fee of $11/day. Our total was $99 for the week. Nowhere in our package deal were we told of this additional fee. So we pay the "Resort" Fee and later ask several different employees where the "Resort" is because from the looks of things this is NOT a "Resort". The employees look at us strange and say Oh! that's for the pool and free wi-fi. OK, there is a pool here but from asking the people who dared enter it, the water was cold. Do they even heat the pool at all? Granted it was 110 this week but straight outta the tap cold water is a bit chilly. Don't forget the pool closes at 8pm.3) Free Wi-Fi: So supposedly part of your "Resort" Fee is the Free Wi-Fi. Sounds good, right? NOT! The Wi-Fi is terribly slow and looses connection frequently. I noticed this the first night while trying to remote in to my home computer. I called the front desk and asked where the best spot was for the Wi-Fi connection. I expected them to say the lobby or the cafe or something on the main floor but instead the woman told me that "umm well there is no Wi-Fi anywhere but the rooms". She also said sometimes you can get a connection out at the pool. As i am writing this, my brother was typing up a long reply to a Craigslist Ad and he went to send it and the connection was lost and so was the whole long reply he was typing up.4) Smelly hallways: As we reached our floor, the first night, we exited the elevator and there was a strong smell of Marijuana in the air. We don't smoke it but do know what it smells like. As we traveled down the hallway we saw a police officer and the maids standing in the hallway with a rooms door open. They must have thrown someone out and were cleaning the room at midnight. They were vacuuming at midnight, we could not believe it.5) Smelly Entrance: Several times we noticed a horrible odor when leaving the lobby doors to go out to the parking structure. It smelled like a grease trap overflow. For those who have never worked in the restaurant business. The grease trap is where all the solids and grease collects after it goes down the drain. There is bacteria that eats this rotting food but when it can't keep up the trap overflows and you get to smell all the rotting food that has been sitting there churning. That is what it smelled like several times as we walked out of the main doors. 6) No clean sheets: We have been here for almost a week now and the maids have been in 4 times and made the beds but didn't change the sheets. The first couple times i thought they had but then i noticed the same black mark on my white sheets. It was there every day. They would come in and leave new towels and make the beds but not use clean sheets. Honestly i don't care because i would rather maids not come in my room at all while I'm staying somewhere but for some reason our "Do Not Disturb" signs would vanish and we would have "made beds" when we returned. Makes me wonder if it is just the maids themselves taking the signs off to gain access to my room or other peoples rooms. 7) Food amenities: Years ago when i would come here you could either hit up the food court or the regular restaurant until later in the night. Now both of them seem to close very early. I was told by one employee that the restaurant closes at 7pm. Well that is after telling me 6pm then 6:30pm, he finally settled on 7pm. It's bad when the guy inside the restaurant could not even tell us what time the place closed. So we went to the New Asian restaurant and had 2 entrees and 2 sodas and our total was $40. Now when i say entree i mean rice with a chicken dish and rice with a beef dish. Anywhere else i would pay less that $10 each. The other option was a British type bar that sold a few food items that we thought were overpriced bar food. Oh, wait! They do have a $20+ dollar a plate steak house that we never saw anyone enter. They did have a nice dressed Host and Hostess though. Looks like I'm out of characters...
3	Not bad for the price. Last time I stayed here I got rooms for $49 a night.. and considering that a lot of the people I know are cheap, it worked out perfectly, lol.The room we were in had a pool view and was nice looking, clean, and quite spacious.  The hotel's pool was nice but not that big and seemed to get a little crowded.The hotel and casino are real old school... kind of an older crowd... but I did like it. Of course it's just a place to sleep and occasionally gamble or have a drink.. and a starting point for the rest of your night wandering the strip in Vegas ;)
3	Pros: comfortable bed, affordable price, location, free wi-fiCons: smelly room, noise - I had a room with a pool view. Every morning at 9 am I would be awakened to the music that they would start playing outside in the pool area.Check-in took between 30-40 min. Would I stay again? Maybe. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
3	The Riviera is a decent hotel. We have only stayed in the Monaco tower and will not ever stay at the other tower since we have seen our friends room and how nasty it was compared to ours. The Monaco tower was recently renovated and has a very clean look to it. While, the other towers don't.
2	Well, Groupon brought me to this place and after checking the place on Yelp I did not expect much first of all but ohhhh my...Ok, so the room in general is not that bad for the money. You get your standard beds, TV, mini fridge ( no content; no this is not a mini bar) and can't complain. The bath room is plain to say the least but oh well you save money.BUT, the negatives are plenty. First of all, the check in was ridiculous. There were sixty people ahead of me and the service was very slow. Second, a huge cock roach popped up in the bathroom while I was washing my face and I mean HUGE. Third, the casino area is shameful, lol, I give it back, it's hilarious. It's so so bad and only fills up at two a.m. with some rough looking morning to evening drinkers. The bartender was really rude when I showed him my drink coupon. Also, the drinks were horrible.Now the worst part: the elevator to the parking structure. OMG, I got stuck in it and had to press the emergency button. Never happened to me before. Awkwardly, someone had opened the emergency box door before!!!Overall, yes this place is ghetto. really. But if you are trying to save money and to spend it on the strip, close your eyes, walk past the hallway and the casino and enjoy a mediocre room and a beautiful Las Vegas.
1	This place isn't really a good deal.  I found this place off hotel.com and the price seem good.  I booked by calling the hotel by phone. BUT, after showing you their price the hotel also has fees and taxes that add to an extra hundred dollars. $11.00  a night for resort fee.  Really?? When we got there, we waited in line for an hour. The line was long and they only had 2 check-in servers. The kiosk was out of order. They say it's free valet, but they only tend to people who are checking in day of. So we couldn't use it after our first night, we actually didn't get to use it at all.Room service came around 8:30-9am everyday. If your still sleeping, they will leave and not comeback to clean unless you ask. The pool is small and always packed. This place has plenty of rooms which brings in so much costumers.  So everything that the hotel accommodates is just too crowded. (parking, pool, casino, etc...)We went to a comedy show there, and the comedian was saying she wouldn't be surprised of there was a bulldozer outside waiting to take the hotel down after the show. (True!) Lol!!Pro: the servers are really nice.  Every time we asked for something they help out.  It was a bad experience.
3	I stayed here several nights for a convention.  We got special group rates that I thought were very affordable for Las Vegas.  Yes, The Riviera is a little run down.  Yes, it's 67 years old.  Yes, the hotel has filed for bankruptcy three times in the past 30 years.  But for the fifty bucks a night (seventy on the weekend) I paid, it was great.  My room was clean and comfortable, and comparable to any of the chain motels that charge twice as much.  It had a king bed, a fridge, a clean iron and ironing board, and a nice bathroom.  My room was reasonably well soundproofed, and the individual air conditioning unit drowned out any noise that got through.  The WiFi service was fast and stayed up the whole week.  I slept really well.  On the downside, all the places to eat were on the far side of the resort from my room, the kleenex mysteriously disappeared out of the bathroom on the second day and ever returned, the layout of the resort is just wacky, and the line to check in was always long.  But if I need to visit in this area in the future and got the same group rate, I'd stay here again.
1	The only reason we stayed here was because it was cheap and my husband had fond memories of when DefCon was held here. However. They failed miserably with everything. There was no shampoo/body was or whatever small bath bottles they leave you when we first checked in. Front desk never answered a single call (we had to walk to the lobby). And, although not really related, all their restaurants were low quality for the price. Won't be staying here again.
3	Stayed in here for 3Days Electric Daisy Carnival.I would say it's best bang for the buck for that time, since other hotels either charged a fortune or fully booked.Would I stay again in this hotel? Probably not, I rather try something new.
3	Was challenged to post an accurate review here.  It would be easy to slam the Riviera. Opted to average it out to 3 stars.  Check out the summary...Overall:Pros - Much nicer than I expected from all the grim reviews.Cons - But, it's still an antiquated down-market hotel that needs help, but not as bad a Circus Circus, which smells really bad.Room:Pros - New room that was well-appointed with no smells.Cons - Lousy TV channel selection, especially no Food Network or Travel Channel.  And, it was pretty noisy at night either listening to the screaming AC unit or loud music.  Plan on using earplugs.WiFi:Pros - free!Cons - spotty connectivityParking:Pros - freeCons - hard to find any open slots after 10pm  ;-(Service:Pros - Helpful and pleasant staffCons - Poor follow-up, especially with housekeeping service Food:Pros - large portionsCons - restaurants in hotel were not so great.  In the Food Court, La Salsa and Indian Masala were pretty good.  But, it's pretty cheesy 80's mall-like ambiance.Pub:Pros - nice setting and respectable English beersCons - bartenders were totally disorganized and it took a long time to get a drink and/or bill (we visited 4x on this trip and kept hoping they'd get it together... nope!)Value:We stayed here because our conference was booked here.  For the $55 group rate /night  it was OK.  But, after a couple of days, we longed to get out and visit other hotels.   (FYI - the Encore is only a 10 minute walk away!)Probably would not stay here again.
2	My girlfriend and I had a great time there. This place is really old school but I like that old school look.  We enjoyed our time in the pool and had the pleasure to have meet a grandfather who was taking care of his triplets, while the wife and daughter were gambling.The only thing we did not like was the fact that the refrigerator was not working and the elevator seem that it was going to break down.The people that work there in all departments were very friendy  We will come back again!
1	I was pretty unhappy with this place. I had reservations for nearly 8 months for a convention I attended. About 2 weeks before the conference, I called to confirm my reservation. The person I spoke to said that my "luxury room" would be in the newly remodeled wing of the hotel (The Monaco Tower). When I checked in, the room was NOT in that wing and smelled like cigarette smoke. I asked for another room, which, after I bought groceries for my 5 day stay, did not have a refrigerator, as described in my written confirmation. After this ridiculousness and after speaking to a manager AND another staff member, a day later, I finally had a refrigerator. -Customer service is not the forte' here. The rooms are shabby, dusty, and run-down if you are not in the Monaco Tower. Find elsewhere to take your business. -Note, most of the photos here are the nice rooms in the Monaco tower...all the photos with mold, stains, etcetera, are the rest of the hotel.
1	My company unfortunately booked us rooms here earlier this year since it's close to the convention center and ultra cheap (our rooms were 20 bucks a night plus the $11/day "resort fee", though this is no resort)The Riv is one of the oldest surviving casinos in Vegas, built in the 50's, and it shows. It's dirty, dingy, dark, and depressing. One of my co-workers was lucky enough to be upgraded to one of the "new" rooms after he complained about the bellman leaving his luggage in their "holding area", an oil-covered parking space in the deck. The newer renovated rooms are decent but they don't make up for the rest of the place. My room was one of the old style, with a really tiny bathroom (more like a closet), worn out carpet, ancient furniture, pathetically thin threadbare sheets, and filthy curtains with holes in them. Those damn curtains didn't block out any of the bright lights flooding in from Circus Circus at night, so I ended up using all the pillows, the chair, the table, and anything I could get my hands on to squash them as tightly together as possible to even be able to sleep. I'm sure housekeeping thought I was crazy, but at least they left it alone for the duration of my stay. Wifi is included in the resort fee, but is spotty and slow at best. And why is the safe under the nightstand, where you have to get down on the dirty carpet to use it?? At least the bed was semi-comfortableUnless you're forced to stay here, spend the extra few dollars to go somewhere else... this place is overdue for the wrecking ball
5	The Riviera is homage to a bygone era, an era of low ceilings, gruff men running from the law, and cigarette smoke. The tables have the best odds and some of the lowest limits on the strip, which makes it the ideal place for a gambling fool such as myself.Since people seem to hate the Riviera, it is no sweat for me to play head-to-head blackjack with the dealer on a 3:2 single deck table. This is awesome.Don't let the lack of glam and the sharps disposal container in the bathroom scare you. This is the place to throw your money down on a table if you want some tiny hope of actually winning it back.
3	I attended a conference at this hotel so a bunch of us just decided it would be convenient to stay here. It's a decent hotel. Nothing fancy. We paid a little extra for a non-smoking, remodeled room (Monaco tower). The room was spacious with two comfy beds, a fridge, flat screen tv, and a nice view of the pool. There were 4 girls to a room and we had no problem finding space for all of our stuff. It had the usual amenities and the Internet connection was pretty good, although a little slow at times. The pool was a good size with plenty of lounge chairs. Not much shade unless you go later in the day though and they didn't have any umbrellas for rent. The poolside cafe had a variety of salads, burgers, and sandwiches. The conference rooms were quite large and clean. Other than for a meeting or conference, I wouldn't stay here again. It's too far from the big hotels. Maybe if you're willing to hoof it it's ok, but not in 110 degree weather!!
5	This place lacks modern amenities most take for granted. That said, it is still a part of the old las Vegas that is near extinction. One can easily bypass the ridiculous check in line with the express machine if you use a credit card. This "resort" is also featured in many movies including casino,21
2	My husband and I usually go to Vegas during our birthdays in early August so I was happy to get a free room offer from the Riviera after joining their players club. I was mindful that Riviera wouldn't be particulary nice, but hey, free is free. The room iteself is ok. It's a decent size, and the furniture, though out of date, isn't any worse than the one at the old tower at Caesar's. I liked the bed, but I missed having a nice, snuggly comforter. Bath tolietries were better than expected. We were right next to the pool, and it's a good thing we didn't plan on sleeping in because the shitty pop music starts blasting in around 8am.It was easy to get around the hotel and casino area. Gambling here was fine, but we seemed to have better luck across the street at Circus Circus. There was a cool gambling promo advertised in the room (1st $1000 on us!), but it had since expired. I was disappointed that the bingo room closed as well.The two big negatives was the buffett and parking. Both were sketchy as hell. I had oatmeal so bad that Oliver Twist would have turned his nose up at it. I think they used triple the amount of water that they were supposed to, and the water was obtained from a mop bucket. Parking was very inconvient and poorly marked. I'm hesitant to stay here again even if the room is comped.
3	There was a heavy down poor yesterday, It started to leak all over the convention floor,  Many matches at the APA had to be refunded.
4	I get it that a lot of tourists probably see that this is "on the strip" on Expedia and think that they're going to be able to watch the Bellagio fountains from their room.  The Riviera may be on Las Vegas Blvd., but it certainly doesn't feel like the Strip--and that's what I like about it.  That, and a few other things:- $1 Miller High Lifes, $2 Heinekens, $2 Bud Lights at all casino bars.  - Great free lounge acts in the main bar--Metal Elvis is worth a special trip.  - Quick-service Indian place in the food court- The Pinball Hall of Fame has loaned a few machines out to the Riv, which can be played on your way to aforementioned Indian foodThey've also hooked me up with locals free slot play, free buffet, free comedy show tickets, etc., just for signing up for their player's card and playing my measly $10-20 bucks on video poker (I usually win there, too).We've grabbed a room there a couple of times, too, after getting too drunk to drive home.  Maybe it's because we're local, or maybe it's because we ask nicely, but each time, we've been upgraded to a remodeled room in the tower by the pool.There was an article in the Review-Journal that said that the new owners of The Riviera are taking queues from the Plaza downtown in its comeback, and that's a very, very good thing.
1	Worst hotel experience ever! Just got back from 8 days at the Riviera and it was horrible. Went to Vegas for the APA tournament which was held in their convention hall. 7 of us checked into 2 seperate rooms to be told they only had single king bed rooms. They would be bringing us a rollaway. Waited hours for this and asked multiple times to finally be told at 12am that they were out and they would bring us blankets to sleep on the floor. They promised the next day we would be moved to the 2 queen rooms. Next day told again no rooms available, no rollaway, sleep on the floor. Third night finally moved, crawl into bed after a long day and a bloody tissue falls out. Spots of blood on my sheets and blanket. Call the front desk with no answer, but when i get dressed and go downstairs she is standing there do king nothing. Insist on having bed changed after her saying no one is available. Next morning after talking to manager on 3 rd occasion we are comped 1 night. I hope the Apa organization realizes that this is not the right place for their Nationals.
4	This show is all kinds of awesome. I was watching Jasmine Trias videos on Youtube, and I thought, "Ok, this is going to be a boring show."  Boy was I wrong! Sure, former American Idols star Jasmine Trias is featured in this show, but the Society of Seven's  Hawaii based group puts on a fantastic show! This show just opened a few weeks ago, and I'm  honestly quite surprised that the Riviera would step up their game and present a show of this caliber. The venue is actually quite nice because it's a rather intimate venue with plenty of great seats. Each of the performers is genuinely talented in their own right. Jasmine was quite distracting with her excessive hand movements (her voice is so pure, she really didn't need to do all of the gesturing), but I suppose it's from her background in hula dancing. The newest member's voice is strikingly similar to Josh Grobin. His voice is technically spot on, and he's obviously an accomplished vocalist. Surprisingly funny, entertaining, and moving, I would recommend this show to adults and children alike.
3	My family & I stayed at this hotel for Super Bowl weekend. We wouldn't normally have stayed at this hotel since its rather old & at the sketchy end of the strip but seeing as it was super bowl weekend it was the only reasonably priced hotel. However, after staying there we actually came to find its not that bad. The casino is big with a good variety of machines/tables. The rooms are clean and the beds were comfy. Plus the people working there are extremely nice, accommodating and helpful. Maybe it's because they need the business but they were still nice. The only things I didnt like were it's location on the strip & the parking structure. The parking is on the other side of the entrance so you have to walk ALLLL the way around.
1	After doing my research I found that this hotel only had 2 1/2 stars. That was a red flag for me but since my family had already booked a room I wanted to be with them.So, I took a chance and booked mine through the Rivieras web site. Come out to be right around 400.00 for 4 nights ( 2 of which were weekdays).I can tell you this place was a seedy, ghetto, trashy, dirty, smelly, place. The staff was very rude and unfriendly. When we tried to call the front desk, they would not answer which really put us in a predicament.  The front desk was at least 1/4 mile from the room and the car was twice as far (no kidding!) The walls are paper thin, the carpet is absolutely gross. Water stains and others on walls and ceilings, the beds were (2) doubles which is not much bigger than a single, they were so uncomfortable I felt like I was sleeping at a lumpy angle, my head tilted down towards the head board. I woke up several times to a neck and back ache, the noise, the bright lights from the outside felt like the sun was always out. The casino was just as raunchy. My sister bought a draft beer which cost $7.75.The bathrooms had no vent at all, it was nasty as everything else. We were too far for the free wi fi it never worked the entire time. I can not think of one positive thing to say about this place.  The tv partially worked but not great.No freebies, no continental breakfast, the coffee was 2.80 per small cup. etc, etc.I have never stayed in a place where I felt so insecure about my property and safety.I will not go into the noisy neighbors that threatened me at 4 am when I asked them to keep it down.
4	It is inexpensive, and is an average hotel casino.  It is located mid strip. Rooms are average, but there are some really nice rooms down in a speacial area where there are like two floors. It has some multi room suites with hot tubs...it is ok....cannot complain it is cheap and fun!
1	Refused to honor my groupon even though i had already booked online!! Dont go here.They are unhonest people.The Person on phone laura didnt even try to help me!
1	Me and my friend stayed her for NYE 2010...let's just say I checked my self for mysterious bites as I returned home. There was nothing special about the room. The interior of hotel, hallways, casinos, and room felt old. The only thing they had improved, in my opinion, was a coat of paint. Which was applied over 35 year old paint.I would never stay here again and it closely compared to my stay at the Travel Lodge, which was expected because it was a Travel Lodge and I paid for that level of comfort, or lack there of.
1	Ah where to begin? Well first off they said they remolded their rooms and this was a flat out lie. We had to switch rooms two different times! The first room that was so called remolded had a hole in the wall in the bathroom and broken furniture in the bathroom. Also, the room was really cramped and small. So we asked for another room and decided to go with the rooms that were not remolded since they were bigger.  We get to our new room and as soon as we step in it smells like cat piss! We switch rooms again. This new room had a horrible air conditioner, there was trash left all over the room and it just looked dirty.  The elevators scared me because they wouldn't work right and we got stuck a few times.  Also, some of the cleaning staff were very rude and just looked miserable.Another downside to this hotel is, it is not close to the strip and is a really far walk. The neighborhood around the hotel does not seem the greatest and the layout is just plain stupid. Do not stay here! It is not worth the money, even if it is cheaper than some of the other hotels!
2	ooooooooooooooooo what a dump :) but when you are going to watch Xtreme Midget Wrestling what else was I expecting.
1	Riviera is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in my life. I've traveled around US and Europe and stayed at hotels of different range, but this one stands out the most, sadly for it, in a bad way. I got a deal on Groupon, and we paid $54 per studio room/day which wasn't a quite usual studio. It was just a room with an empty fridge, non functional TV and toilet, bed bugs, loud conditioner, dirty linens, the most horrible service and most importantly ROBBERY. And i was charged $34 upon my check out (taxes+resort fee per 2 days).So we checked in at 5 pm and went down to the strip by Monorail, which was quite expensive and within 15 min walk from the hotel.We got back to the hotel around midnight and found my husband's backpack and my purse stolen from the room. First I couldn't believe it, the reality was too hard to believe. Besides my husband's birthday just started minutes ago after we found his stuff stolen along with his passport. We called the security right away. It took them a while before they finally came to the room and gave us the report sheets. They seemed pretty helpful although they said they are just the third party and hotel risk management will contact us in 5-7 business days from the day of our report. It's been over a month and no one has contacted us, so I decided to do it myself. The risk management "doesn't discuss camera information" and all they said no one has entered our room, according to entry key system. I've got no words to express my disappointment.Do yourself a huge favor and NEVER EVER STAY at this hotel !!!
4	This is fun casino; its kind of old and run down a little but they have a lot of fun events here and it always draws a crowd. The Roller Derby Events are here; Andrew Dice Clay is here as well as their comedy club (I've been to it a half dozen times or so and have seen some good acts at the club) I can't speak to the rooms but the staff I've encountered are always very accommodating; their Valet service is convenient and very fast.  Their food court deserves a solid B rating the food selection is top notch (but could be cleaner as many people trash their tables and walk away) I've eaten at three of the different stores here and was pleased with the quality and price. They have a mini Pinball exhibit on loan from the Pinball Hall of Fame that is good for kids and fun for the adults who are tired of playing the slots. My High scores stay on the machines and that makes me very happy. Looking forward to my next trip here as we always have a blast!
1	If I could give it a zero, I would. The service was horrible. Upon check in I asked about the upgrade I put in for on the website. I was told by the clerk "That's between you and the website" (It was the hotel's website! I asked to talk to a manager and she said we can choose to honor or not to honor and we choose not to honor the price. They proceeded to tell me it would cost triple per night to upgrade. 1)The clerk didn't even know the hotel's offerings and policies and 2)the staff just had this sour puss face and attitude. Room-better than a motel six but not much more. Some mold and dust. I will never stay here again.
2	We stayed here last summer after booking through Hotwire for $30 a night. At that price we were happy with whatever we got considering it was a weekend trip. The Riviera is definitely a no-frills casino hotel. The rooms were meh- dated and dark but I did like the big silly golden bathtub. The area around it is REALLY sketchy and I got like eye-raped by bums every time I walked out of the casino alone. The food at all the restaurants is bad and walking around that part of the strip at night is so scary that you need to make sure you keep snacks in your room or that you get full elsewhere before you turn in for the night- no waking up for mid-night or 4am snacks!It's a 'meh' kinda place all the way around but if you can get a room as cheap as we did you should definitely go for it.
3	I've stayed here twice.  I got great deals both times.  Once was for a convention held here, which is why I picked it (along with the price). The other was for a ski trip.  (yes Vegas has small ski resorts 1to2 hours away.). The casino itself sucks and is small.  The only good place to eat is at Queen Victoria Pub.  The other places are bad.  It Is 3to5 minute walk to the Encore / Wynn which is where I ate and hung out at night when I stayed here. Don't take your wife or girlfriend here, but not a bad place to stay if you are on a budget.
1	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I bought a Groupon for $78 and thought I was getting a fabulous deal! The photo looked like maybe they cleaned the place up a bit and the extras were cool ($20 slot play, 2 free welcome drinks, 2 tickets to the comedy show) so I bought it. I got into town on Sunday at 4pm and was originally given a room at the North Tower. Ummm...Wet spot on the carpet (I didn't know if it was a blood stain, piss or just a spill or maybe a pitcher of beer), pubic hair plastered on the back of the bathroom door and the stench. WOW! For it not being a non-smokers room, it sure the hell smelled like a dingy old bar!! When I attempted to take a shower, the shower water didn't go down. Basically I was up to my ankles in Vegas sweat and the black sediment starting coming up from the drain. I complained and was told that they would give me a new room. Downstairs I go at 1am to collect a new key. I was then told I would be staying in a totally different tower. OK - Here I go....15-minutes into my stay in my 2nd room I spot something crawling up the wall. Ummm...yeah, a baby cockroach. I killed it and called the front desk. After a 7-minute hold time I decided to walk myself, my daughter and the dead bug down to speak with management one-on-one. I showed the kid behind the counter my findings and I said "If there's one, there's more". His response "not necessarily". WHAT? Are you kidding me?! I was then directed to the manager where I told her the problem and she gave me a different room. No apology, no comped drink (s), no breakfast...Nothing. Come on now, at least an apology!! So we were given another room where we slept uneasy. I checked out as early as I could the next day. I couldn't wait to get the hell out of there. I will never go back to that dump again. I'd rather sleep in my car.
2	I stayed here during my visit in Dec. 2011 and let's just say it wasn't what I expected. I didn't plan this trip. I was pretty much a fill in at the last minute. I didn't know what I was getting myself into.The hotel itself is old and it smells weird in the lobby. They had entertainment and restaurants but we weren't interested in neither. I did however eat at a Mexican restaurant at the food court. The gentlemen who worked there were very nice and the food was pretty good. There was an indoor pool but it was only for senior citizens...really people?The beds were very comfy and  and the linens were clean. We had a fabulous view of what looked like a vacant outdoor pool area and the tacky looking Circus Circus hotel across the street.It's a decent hotel if you're on a budget and want to experience the old Vegas feel. However it's located on the old strip so you'll have to walk or drive to the excitement.I was there almost a year ago so I don't know what it's like now.
3	We stayed in the new remodeled Moraco tower.  It was ok, nothing special to write home about. When I booked the room, it was a special through casa Blanca express and it was a promotion to advertise their new remodeled hotel. I went in with high expectations, and was disappointed.  The outside of the hotel is run down its at the end of the strip away from the. Other new fancy hotel/casinos, which was fine for me, you can always catch a cab, bus, or drive down, you can walk if you are very adventurous but it is a long walk you know how those las Vegas blocks are and the heat.  We had a good time at the Riviera it was relaxing, only one night our neighbors were out of control but it's Vegas that is expected. We loss in the casino, but made up for it down the strip in the other casinos, we enjoyed the comedy show there at the Riviera, and the Illusions show. The staff at the Riviera made up for run down feeling there they were all very nice and accommodating  I would stay again if I need a break away from all the hussle of Vegas. But only in the new Moraco rooms because I would be afraid to even see what the other rooms look like if this was the new remodeled deluxe rooms.  The price is a little high considering the location and not much going on at this end of the strip
1	This place has seen better days.....20+ yrs ago.  It's a really tired casino.  They really need to put some serious money into it, or implode it and start over.  It's too bad because I had some great times in here back in the early 90's.  Now, I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay here.Was here recently for a pool tournament.  The major pool leagues have their finals here every year.  It works great for the pool tournaments, but for the tourist/visitor, it's not a good property.  Stay somewhere else and play pool here during those events.Return Factor - 0%
4	Back once again from The Riv. One of my major gripes about this place was the check-in. It has really improved. I maybe waited 5 minutes to check-in this time. They have moved the check-in desk to the back of the building and it looks A LOT better. They have also moved the cab station and valet to that area as well. The room was ok. The ceiling had a small patch of plaster flaking off and the tub could have been a little cleaner. As usual all of the staff I encountered were great. Always willing to help. Got a great deal on my room. I still suggest getting a players card,at any casino, because that does help with the cost. Although a older casino and semi isolated because of lack of building in that area still a place that is worth it.
2	this was my first and last time staying here. When i booked my room it was suppose to be for an smoking room but when we got there it was non smoking, but the room was pretty nice. i mean everything in there look fairly new, so when i called the front desk to see if i could switch i was told that i had to downgrade to an smoking room. I said OK, assuming the room would look semi-new like the previous one but i was wrong. We ended up staying in the older version of the hotel and the rooms were bad. The bathroom was horrible, the rim around the shower was half way off. Not to mention the ice machine was on the other floor. And the only difference between rooms was that the nonsmoking had an fridge and the other didn't. The buffet was pretty good, but the casino didn't seem like they were fun i.e. it wasn't even busy. The hotel is ok, however its too far away from the strip for me. Wouldn't recommend it.
1	WORST HOTEL EVER.If I could, I would give it infinitely negative stars!! First off, I waited in line for over 2.5 hours to REGISTER for a room ONLY to be told that I have been relocated "around the corner". They wouldn't pay for a cab ride and that resulted in us having to walk to the place. Okay, we got relocated to the Mariott SuiteHill Inn's which was SUPER nice but that is besides the point.The point is is that I wasted a WHOLE night in vegas just because I had to wait to register for a hotel room. SO DUMB. If I could, I would give this place infinitely negative stars. This place has forever earned a place in my mind as the worst hotel in the world AND I will pass this on to all my friends.Disgusting.
3	I know that this hotel is so old and really worn down. The staff is almost unseen as it seems that they really only have people at the front desk. I needed a deal as I took my self and the hubby as well as my parents so I went out on a limb and bought the deal. Not my favorite but really not the worst. If you aren't spending a lot of time in the room just for sleeping and shower well I would say not bad. As for bed bugs which I have seen some folks write about we checked and found nothing. Rooms egh BUT the steakhouse was GREAT! We went into the bar for dinner and to watch the World Series. The food, service, atmosphere were excellent! Patty was our lady and she was wonderful! The price was reasonable. Also the comedy show was a blast! The comedians were fun and witty not trashy and vulgar! Overall not bad!
1	They would not honor the same rate for multiple rooms.  We booked 7 rooms, 3 of them were at a lower price, by $ 20/night for the same quality room... and they would not adjust the others.The place is kinda creepy.  I was nearly run over by an elderly woman with a cart, staggering thru the lobby at breakneck pace... literally.The parking lot and lobby are incredibly inconvenient to get to - you have to drive all the way around the building, past rude security who demand to see your confirmation, even if you don't have a hard copy and only have it via email.And I couldn't figure out what the hell the $ 15/day Resort Fee actually gets you, other than a horrifying paranoia of bed bugs.
3	Wow, kinda surprised to see so many unhappy folks at the Riv.  We usually stay here when we stay on the strip (we "every other" with downtown)   Since we are out and about most of the time, all we care about is a shower and a comfortable bed.  Done.  The casino is fine; in fact, I do pretty good there.  After we've been all over the place, we mosey back to the Riv and unwind at the bar with some video poker.  Same in the morning - start the day with an hour or so at the bar and get your wits together and then take off.  We got an ad in the mail last month and booked it - 3 nights free, $20 in slot play and 2 tickets to comedy club.  Since my brother-in-law and his wife wanted to go, they called and got the same deal as us, all they did was ask.  Rooms are hit or miss, sometimes we get a great room and sometimes we get a meh room.  Who cares?  View? Who cares?  I didn't come to Vegas to sit in my hotel room.  Yes, they are old as dirt, but it's kind of cool to be walking the same halls as Las Vegas legends...  I'd rather save money on the room and use it for a great dinner.  This time we're going to Gordon Ramsay's.
2	I have experienced better but not hardly the worse and def much better than Circus hands down. I had to basically live at this hotel for a month while working in Vegas. The major downside to me was you have to do a lot of wrangling for a decent room and the mail system although the least expensive of the Strip hotels I must it bugs me that hotels on the strip charge you to get you mail if its bigger than an envelope-No cool but they have get good shows from time to time.
3	I go to Vegas a few times a year, I have never stayed at the Riviera hotel and casino until last night. The hotel itself is pretty run down, the carpets in the rooms, the bathrooms seem old and outdated. They were not dirty, just old and worn out! The back of the remote was missing which was a bit frustrating because I didn't want to loose the batteries out of it. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable.  The staff was super helpful and extremely friendly. They didn't only allow us to check in an hour early, they also upgraded our room without me asking for it. With the rooms being as run down as they were in the upgrade I can't imagine what it would have looked like if I would have gotten the original room I booked!
1	This hotel is an absolute dump,  we got scammed off of Priceline my wife was looking for a 3+ star hotel doing "name your own price."  Last time we did this we ended up at Treasure Island on a weekend night for $60 out the door.  She was up to $75 when it booked us for this 1-star turd.   We had stayed the previous night at a station casino (Aliunte) and that was a modest 2-3 star place.  When we entered the old run down parking garage of the Riviera I knew we were doomed.   We checked in and no one around us was speaking english, this is when I knew we were in for it.  The lobby was dirty and old.  I understand this hotel is a "Vegas Classic" but they could at least update the carpets and paint every 20-30 years just so it doesn't feel as dirty.   We tried to call Priceline to cancel or at least change the hotel, they were willing but the Riviera refused to cancel our reservation on Priceline's end.  We were stuck and after taxes and fees it was just short of $100 for the night.  What made me even more furious was after getting to our room I started checking on rates and the average online booking was modestly $30-40 on average per night...  The room was old, smelly, and noisy as all hell.  You could hear cell phones ringing in the rooms around you, TV's blaring, people taking a wiz repeatedly all through the night.  The bed was as hard as a rock.  Between the bed and the noise I got about 15 minutes of sleep total the entire night.So I felt like I should gamble ONLY because I wanted some of my damn room money back.  HUGE mistake.  The slots were tighter then Zeus's butthole.  I put nearly $200 into a vast array of machines and never even went into the "black"  I was so disappointed in this place I will forever forsake it and warn all my friends and family to STAY the hell AWAY from the Riviera.  From the overpriced ($20) brunch buffet to the dirty rooms and dirty casino this hotel is only for those who just didn't know any better.  Avoid this disaster at all costs I implore you!----- Quick Update -----Got home from our trip and found the Riviera Hotel had charged us $130 as well as the priceline prepaid reservation.  I called the hotel and they say they don't have a record of the transaction but they do see they billed us a "resort fee" of $15.  At check in we were never told of any additional fees associated with the room.  We did a "name your own price" on priceline.  She told me that every guest no matter how they book is charged a "resort fee."  The woman was extremely rude even though I was not, even post - Riviera the treatment and experience is awful.   Now I'm working with the bank to cancel the $130 charge and with priceline to find out who should be paying this so called "resort fee."   I've been at many a` Motel 6's that were more of a "Resort" then the Riviera.  The pool wasn't even open when we were there.
4	Not the NICEST on the strip, but hopefully not the worst, wait not the worst. It was decent, we paid less than $50 a night including resort fee for a Sunday/Monday stay in the Monaco tower. Will stay again IF needed. The water pressure was great, the carpet was clean, or looked clean. The room came with a mini fridge, which was VERY CONVENIENT. The hotel is located towards the end of the strip, walkable to Paradise Road. We ate at the Riviera Buffet for breakfast on Tuesday morning, after checking out, it was nice. Not pricey and worth it.
2	I came here for thanksgiving week/ weekend.  It was a good deal. 3 days 2 nights for $40.  I wasn't expecting 4 star for that price and this hotel.  I really don't know what the $15  "resort fee" is for because 1 the pool was closed and 2 this is not a resort.  The room I stayed in was actually better then i expected.  It was "upgraded". I highly DO NOT recommend going to the food court at all. Stay away... eat Mc donalds around the corner. That place is disgusting and grimey looking. Overall for the price can't complain too much. It seemed clean, except for the funky smell when you walk in to the registration area. I can't say I would ever stay here again though.
2	What has happened to The Riv?! This place has gone downhill and it makes me sad! We decided to look for something to eat in the food court. It was not the shortest walk from the parking garage to the food court area. If you are walking in from the street (las vegas blvd) then there are doors right on the sidewalk to enter which puts you right into the food court.This place was filthy. It looks like a yard sale walking through the casino. Suddenly you see a row of pinball machines, then you see a Coinstar machine among various other odd things. It is like they just randomly cluster things around the place.I had to stop into the bathroom and the toilet area was actually OK but the sinks are another story. There was paper thrown about, and drink cups everywhere.When I saw the food court I was excited to see the options. I do know it is a food court and wasn't expecting anything spectacularly amazing, just something that tasted yummy! We noticed a Cheese steak place,  Mediterranean, , Subway, Etc. I had been wanting for sometime to try "Angelina's Pizza" and was delighted to see they had what they called a "Angelina's Pizza Express". The cashier was very friendly.  They sell pizza by the slice which sits under a heat lamp until ordered. I recommend buying a whole pie if there is more then one of you since leftover pizza rocks. We decided on a large pepperoni. It was 18 inches and cost $29.58 for the pizza and 2 fountain drinks. We waited in the food court seating area until the pizza was done baking. The tables and floor were filthy. The cashier brought us our pizza and again was very friendly. The pizza was pure grease. There was barely any sauce on it. I thought it was a waste of money personally.  With other options on the strip the Riv is going to have to step up its game!
1	Now I'll admit it.  I'm one of those fools that finds no redeaming value to Las Vegas.  Well, except you can now get really good food.  And there is the occasional show that will rock you.  Oh and maybe people watching which is like an Olympic sport in Las Vegas.  Hmmm, maybe there is something to say for it after all.But then I offer you the Riviera...  My encounter started with reservations.  I'll call my rep "Ellen" (this is a fictitious name and should not be confused with a person real or imagined).  Ellen was closer.  Why yes sir, you can have adjoining rooms for your party.  Sir, we have a lovely pool - it is very large.  Rooms have all of the latest amenities - comfortable beds etc.  Got to hand it to Ellen.  Got my money and she was 0 for 3.  After strike 3, the pool is closed for the season, I thought choice words with the management would be in order.  I'm sorry sir she's not available.  Later ... I'm sure she'll return in a bit.  I'm now thinking Ellen and the manager are one and the same person. If you want to experience a real-life Griswold family vacation I highly recommend the Riviera.
3	The Riviera gets a bad wrap for being at the edge of the strip, but my husband and I had a great time for our one-night stay in Vegas. First, we booked a suite in the Monaco Room and it was HUGE. We had our own bar and two couches.The casino is not as fancy as the other casinos, but it was very large. The Asian restaurant was pretty good too. We had our own car so we could get to other parts of Las Vegas by driving around and then parking using our free valet deal.Ideally this is a good place if you are a U.S. resident with their own transportation and a group of friends who have come to Las Vegas for a cheap night with a lot of space. The room is very ideal to parties. If you are into the glitz and glamour of the other casinos and you don't have a car, it is best to stay at another hotel. If you do have your own transportation, this is definitely a hotel you should strongly consider.
1	There were so many problems with our stay.  I do not wish to spend an undue amount of time discussing it, so here's some bullet points.  - The staff were universally unfriendly and unhelpful, causing serious complications in our time and energy.- Our room was not cleaned in the 48 hours we stayed there.- We were given the incorrect room (two twin beds instead of a king bed). - We could hear a loud buzzing all night from inadequately shielded electronics outside our room.- The floor in our room was bowed so that the two twin beds sloped inwards, meaning that when we were laying down, whoever was towards the more-center of the bed would risk rolling off the bed if not careful.  When we arrived, we had twenty minutes to make it to our show (Cirque Du Soliel - Mystique), which we already had tickets for.  It was either make it or loose the $200 spent on tickets.  I arrived with my ID and reservation number ready, but instead of being given our room keys, we were almost denied stay, even though I had made the reservation over three months prior, because the hotel had already redeemed the groupon we'd used.  As they'd already redeemed it, I couldn't find the groupon number for them when they demanded I give it to them again when we were checking in!  A manager had to be called to finally clear up the situation with the extremely rude and unhelpful woman at check-in, and the manager finally gave us our room keys; we made it to the show only because a taxi-cab driver was willing to speed to get us there on time!It was told to the staff that we were visiting for our honeymoon.  OUR HONEYMOON, celebrating our recent marriage.  That guests would visit a place to celebrate such an important point in their lives should be a point of pride.  Instead, we were treated as vagabonds.  We received the room through a groupon, but I will be contacting groupon to request a refund and report the truly terrible experience we had here.  We will not be returning to the Riviera.
2	Why hasn't this place been imploded yet?Old.  Run down.  Old.  The ceilings are low.  I'm tall, so that does matter.  It makes for a much more cramp experience.Hey, have you seen the Ghost Hunters episode at this place?  I'm never staying here again!At least there are events here.  I go to the annual football coaches clinic here,Now, I've won some serious money playing craps here...  But the place is in dire need of being torn-down and rebuilt new. The crazy horse girls pleasure pits are a good way to look at hot women dancing while a blackjack dealer takes all your money.
3	Nice enough hotel, great prices, free hotel pricing. Right across from Circus Circus, but a little ways away from the strip.
2	This review is strictly for the services of Starlight Theatre staff. We went to the Riviera Hotel to watch the Illusions by Jan Rouven. We get there and find out that the seats in the back were horrible! You could not see the stage AT ALL! We noticed that a lot of tables had reserved signs written on them in the front in the VIP area, although no one was sitting there. Suddenly, we notice lots of people moving from the back rows to the front and figure out that they were "helping" the staff and getting the seats they wanted in the front. I would like to request the Hotel to fix the seating in the back area so that people with young children can enjoy the shows they have paid for and not have to bribe some employees in order to get what they expected to start with. Also, they should consider better staff management and pay their staff more so they do not have to use such cheap tricks.
4	Bang for buck, you can't beat it. Not too far off the strip.
1	Really rude staff/security, bad customer service, outdated, dead, and overall a dump. I won't ever visit this casino again.
4	I visited several times but did not stay in a room. This review is more about the casino floor ambiance and the tertiary entertainment functions.The Riviera gets 4 stars for its friendly blackjack dealers, drink specials, and the epic pinball machine museum in the west lobby! The place seemed kind of empty after New Years, but smelled really classy somehow. No stink of despair and cigar here! Plus the dealers knew how to deal with aggressive gamblers who try to hassle and crowd gambling newbies like myself while I'm trying to make a bet.Their comedy show was a great way to spend an evening and the fact that our waitress was kind enough to let us know that a pitcher of beer cost the same as 2 single glass beers put me over the top. I could not tip her fast enough.Plus, sexy brass ass lady statues await the looky-loos as a risque photo op right in front of the Riv!
2	The last time I stayed here was last year. The rooms weren't so bad, I find it to be rather small. But you get what you paid for and my family wanted to stay in a more simple room. However, the arcade is pretty small. It's just a couple of pinball machines and it made the arcade "room" look really cheap. The place can look pretty cluttered since it looked like they were trying to use up every single space available but limited room to walk around. The hallways to the rooms were narrow and low. The hallways can trigger a sense of claustrophobia within you and the ceilings are very low, which is a disaster for tall people. The ceilings were about 7 inches above me and it made me feel like the ceiling was going to lower down on me. The ice machines are NOT every floor. It may not sound like a big deal, but it can be a hassle to go up or down to the nearest floor to get ice and then go back. There are PLENTY of options to stay on the strip. Don't go for this place.
4	4 stars for the pool.  I have been at this hotel 3 times, and stayed here twice.  Last time the pool was open (summer).  For an old hotel, the pool area is great.  I always visit the pool at any hotel I go to.  I haven't seen it crowded any time I've been here.  The water was clear, and it's the only deep pool I've seen in vegas.  It looks like a lap pool.
2	the hotel room was fine, clean, quite,  low cost,  lock your door from the inside, they book another couple in my same room !!! but I would let them in! Front desk call me ask me who I was!!!! so I ask her who she was, when she said she was calling from the  front desk,  I said I don't think so and I told her I was also at the front desk!  So she said she would call hotel security, Security came knocked on my door asking me who I was!  I said who are you?  should me ID, he said open the door, I said nope! should me ID,  he said open the door, I said nope! show me ID, he said should me your ID, I said check at the front desk!  he said he has a walky Talky  I said I have one too! he said open the door, this is hotel Security, I said I also had a walky talky and I was hotel security !  after about 15 minutes he was gone. I told the general manager so he gave me 2 free tickets to the buffet, yuck buffet was the worst I every had, I could not eat that junk food!      room is nice, lock the door, dont talk to anyone in Vegas! to many crazy people!
3	You know... i really wanted to rate this a 4.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.. BUT.. their cocktail service is HORRIBLE!!! We must have played for over an hour before we were even offered a drink, and another half hour to get the drink.  This is probably the 4th time in a year - bad service as far as that goes.  Otherwise, it's a cool place for an older casion/hotel.
1	Seriously this place is pretty pathetic, they need to sell the land to someone so they can blow it up and rebuild something awesome on the strip! This place was dirty! Seriously this place lacked basic cleaning in the hotel rooms the bathroom was looked like someone attempted to wipe down some of the things with a towel. I felt no cleaning materials were being used. This place is old and pretty run down find one of the local places that is off the strip but fun if money is an issue and you think you have to stay here!
2	Pretty Dated place. It looks like it may be dying a slow death but I'm sure it will survive if Imperial Palace can survive. The casino was basically empty, as was the food court. It beats the Quad for sure but it just seemed like the ownership decided to cut the losses and only keep up the main parts. There were empty rooms and doors not working in prime real estate space.
1	This hotel is really disgusting. Someone else reserved the room or else I would have stayed somewhere else. To start off with, it's really confusing and inconvenient to get to the parking lot. The line at the front desk is really long and the first time we got our room keys, they didn't even work. Our room was also really far from the front desk and we got lost on the way there.When we got in the room, we were struck by how outdated and gross it was. The chairs and carpets were stained and nasty. There were three giant blood stains on the wall- one was over a foot long and two inches wide. It looked like someone died in there. The bathroom had a blood spray stain. Really creepy. The window had no screen and was recently nailed so it would only open a couple inches. The door looked like it had been busted in at one point. I heard that there used to be a lot of mob murders at this hotel, and I believe it, it definitely looked like someone died in that room. We requested a different room, but they did not give it to us.I had been looking forward to going swimming, but the pool was closed.In the morning, they were blasting music in the pool area at 8 am and playing loudspeaker announcements. The pool area was closed anyway, so it made no sense for them to be doing this. Because the windows were so thin, it made it impossible to sleep. Instead of coming to clean the room in the afternoon, the maids started knocking on the door at 9 am. No one gets up that early in Vegas- people tend to stay out late and sleep in.This hotel has a very inconvenient location- at the very far end of the strip, a couple miles away from most of the attractions.The only redeeming quality was that some of my friends had good luck in the casino.
4	Sure you get what you pay for.  It is probably the best value in Vegas -- if fanciness is not high on your priorities.  It feels like a family place.  Casino is fine.  Buffet is a little lame but we always go to the Peppermill anyway.
5	I don't care what anyone says, this is my spot right here! Is it old by Vegas standards....yup. Is it kinda on the lamer side of the strip....yup. I don't really mind though. With Riviera you get clean rooms and a super laid back casino. I've been in love with that for some years now. You can go to the casino and play whatever you want. No huge crowds walking in and out of the casino. I am actually one of those people who never minded the walk from Riviera to the center strip. I kinda like it to be honest. Rooms are really comfortable if you get the newer type rooms. Flat screen tvs, comfy beds, super quiet hallways with cheap soda machines....my type of Vegas right here. I think most of you didn't research Vegas enough before you went. You thought you could pay 200 bucks for 5 nights and magically get a bellagio type room....Nope Jokes on you. Riviera is just a nice spot to sleep and shower in. This is Vegas so why do you need to be in your room all day anyway. I will never understand some of you. I do hate the Riviera food court these days. There is a quiznos and then some crappy spots to eat at. You are better off just walking across the street to slots of fun or circus circus. Riviera gets the job done if you are like me and out and about most of the day and just need a place to sleep for 5-8 hours. I really hope they don't ever close this place...would make me so sad. So many memories here. I made the promise to myself that I will always come over to Riviera whether I'm staying there or not! Long live the Riv
5	Everthing about this recent stay at The Riv was top notch!!! Heck I LOVED the comps although I am not sure why they went so far, but I was nice to be treated so well.The Hotel itself is very retro cool. It kind of reminded my of part cruise ship and part Fountain Blue Miami, pre renovations. If this Hotel were in almost any other city in the world it would be the best in town. The Riviera however has to compete with all the other Mega Resorts in Vegas. Well if you really want a huge casino with 1000's of people the The Mirage, Ceasars, and Mandalay Bay are for you, but I really enjoyed the exceptional service throughout the property, and with out the mayhem I experience walking throuh a few of these other places this week.My room in The Monico Tower was recently redecorated with new carpet, paint. art bedding, and stone bathrooms. But the beds alone made my stay so comfy, omg were they nice, better then home and that says alot!!!I have no negetives other then spotty internet service, and I did discuse that with the resort manager, (yes The Big Cheese) talked with me about his hotel.Service, food, shows, entertainment, casino, comps, and comfort all deserve 5 stars!!!I know its off the "main" strip but its location has its own bennifits. If you are looking for a great place to stay in Vegas and at a GREAT price, STAY and or PLAY HERE!!!!
1	now i know why i never went here. old, musty, terrible service, describes this place. The ONLY reason I stayed here for the week(huge mistake) was because my conference was taking place there and that made it convenient so that i could go to my room during breaks and come bcak down for other sessions. rooms were old and terrible. the staff was just plain RUDE, from the reception(checkin) to the pit bosses and managers who were extremely rude even though i dropped $1K one night, it was absurd. the dealers are barely awake and always so tired that its depressing to gamble there, its actually so depressing at this hotel that i felt like i just wanted to go to my conference, sleep in my room, and for any other down time, i cabbed it to any place that wasnt the riviera. we did eat at a few of the places in the food court and the only place that was good was LA SALSA.
4	Came here for the Jan Rouven Illusion show.  The casino is like any other... with slots & tables, it was pretty much dead that night but the poker table was full.  This is one of if not the oldest casino on the strip.  It showed it's age but surprisingly  it was nice to be away from the crowds and all the ringing/dinging of the slot machines. Less crowds but still in some of the action. I enjoyed the music, drinks and the dealers were friendly.  The Illusion show was awesome by the way. See my review.
4	I don't care what other people say, I like this place. It has that "Old Vegas" feel to it. Sure, it's getting a little run-down, but who among us isn't? I always have fun here - even when I am not winning. Go to the Riviera. It's just a fun place.
1	This was by far the most pathetic hotel I have stayed at by a drastic margin. This review is for the hotel and casino itself, all restaurants will be reviewed separately as many were not one-star.The room itself cost $40-60 per night not including taxes or resort fees. As cheap as that sounds, that's horribly expensive for the Riviera due to timing. It's not unfair, but I'm going to have at least minimum expectations for that. I booked a standard non-smoking room on the basis of it really being a place to sleep, shower, and change clothes. Of course, I find out the reservation was "changed" to a smoking room. After making it clear that was not an option, they offered a "free" upgrade to a "luxury" room in the Monte Carlo tower. Those quotes are there for good reason.Having a confirmed reservation for a non-smoking room means just that. I know the front desk staff has little discretion there aside from existing management plans. The fact that they quickly found an "upgrade" made it clear there was an overbooking and they wanted to make themselves look good. I would give them credit for that if it were a real upgrade. I'd even give it a pass if what I got was a reasonable standard room. However, the "recently renovated" Monte Carlo tower certainly remains pathetic. The shower head and faucet had plenty of hard water buildup and chips in them. I'm fairly sure they were older than I am. The smoke detector had an inspection sticker from 2008. At least one bath towel had a hole in it. The pillow cases had a few minor stains. The Monte Carlo tower itself has a pervading scent which I knew I would be scrubbing off the minute I got back to my own shower. Honestly, I'd expect better than this for $50 on a weekday or $70 on the weekend. Resort fee included there since it is part of the price. The casino is reasonably open and uncrowded, leading to only moderate smoke smell. On the other hand, this led to many empty table games. I believe I saw craps open once. They seemed content to rely on a video craps game with a dice shaker machine. There was a heavy reliance on penny progressive slots with a handful of quarter/dollar slots scattered about. Video poker pay lines were the worst of any I have seen. It's almost as if they intentionally want people to end up frustrated with the entire place and go away as quickly as possible. Even when I was winning, I felt as if in a way, I was still losing. Every single other place I have touched on the strip was friendlier and more pleasant of a location.The comps are virtually nonexistent aside from the standard cocktail offers. They couldn't even get their player's club rewards straight between signs and people.If not for events at the Riviera, the only purpose to go there would be the exercise from walking that far down the strip.
2	We stayed at the Riviera because it was a groupon deal. Bad call. Ill admit the room was ok....after we upgraded, but the rest of the hotel is meh! You have to walk past crack dealers if you venture to the newer part of the strip. The restaurants are just ok. If your under 60, I would pay the extra money and stay someplace south of here.
1	Place sucks! Beware!!! Booked king sized bed, gave us two full-not fun to have fun on!Employees look depressed, bartenders are old and unfriendly, the wallpaper is peeling and the rooms smelled like rotting fruit and old lady-gross!
3	It's okay.  The room was clean and the bed was comfy.  The staff was friendly and the food was good and affordable.It's a bit old and the rooms are stuffy.  I hated walking through the lobby with everyone smoking.  It's pretty far down the strip.Not the worst place I've ever stayed, and it was reasonably priced ($69/night).
2	For people who are on a budget, this actually is a great, comfortable hotel. However, every night, when I would come back to the room after my conference was over, the room smelled of mold. I'd call house keeping and they'd come spray febreez and put an air freshner. Then, I'd have to crank on the AC because the smell of the freshners were strong. All in all, it wasn't a pleasant experience and I hope next time I am in Las Vegas, I can stay at one of the nicer hotels.
1	This was the worst conference site and hotel for a conference I enjoy attending annually. First recommendation: if looking at this site for a conference, be aware that it has negative vibes for the kind of community feel one seeks for that kind of event. Not conducive to socializing and networking. Check-in: very long line and only 2 clerks. (That remained true on multiple day.) the upgrade coupons were a come on. Fake. In our hallway, a glass sat for several days not picked up by catering or cleaning staff. That bathtub did not drain. The room decor was fine. The blaring loudspeaker from pool loudspeaker ("seats are available  at poker table") were annoying both at room and poolside. Definitely go outside hotel for any meals which includes coffee at snack stands.  While the price for a conference hotel may seem seductive at $70 , much more is list in good will and negative feeling.
2	Ok, I'll start by saying this hotel isn't horrible. But it is not at all nice. It smells powerfully from fresheners, which means they are covering some not good stuff. Yikes! It's also pretty smokey.Very, very dated. Seriously 70s/80s fabulous, for better or for worse.Our bathtub was squishy--yes squishy from it not being sealed properly and water draining underneath it.People working were pretty nice, but some were grumpy toward us.The conference area wasn't good. Some rooms were saunas and others ice boxes. There was no internet connection as promised in many areas.  The hallways were hard to walk down. Technology help was sparse and slow. Technology capabilities left much to be desired.We wouldn't ever stay here again if we came to Vegas. It's far from the strip and a bit gross and very dated. I constantly felt like I needed to wash my hands.
1	The dirtiest, seediest and most  run down hotel I have EVER stayed at. I had to stay here for a convention and was appalled. The rooms have been cosmetically updated, but the shower was mildewy and the room had an old wall AC unit that was loud, ran constantly and was probably filled with mold (I woked up with my allergies going INSANE). Finally, you know you're in a seedy place when there is a HYPODERMIC NEEDLE DISPOSAL in the bathroom. WTF!?The hotel hosted a conference for 3,000 people, but wasn't properly staffed to handle it. You had to wait at least 30 minutes for the pleasure to eat at one of their disgusting restaurants. All of the food I ate at the restaurants was deep fried dreck. I'm amazed I didn't get ill.The casino is old, depressing and attracts a lot of creeps. At night they had a scantily clad girl dancing on a pole. Just sad.Its not even worth it to stay here on the cheap since its so far north on the strip. You have to take an expensive cab ride to get anywhere other than Circus Circus (which is just as seedy and gross). The wynn is probably the closest place at a 10 minute walk.Bottom line: this dive needs to be condemned.
2	To start we got there a few hours before checkin, so we knew we would have to wait.  The first lady we spoke with at the front desk was helpful and pointed us to an area we could pickup wifi while waiting for our room.  The bellman was friendly and helpful in holding our luggage.  Since we didn't pay to upgrade, we got what we expected--a run down 1 star...maybe 2 star hotel room.There was a view of the pool, so that was better than nothing (although later we found it was closed until after our checkout date).  According to the front desk lady the room we were getting had been "partially updated", but all we noticed was a new tub liner and shower curtain.  When we went to put our valuables in the safe it said "low battery", so we called and they sent maintenance up.  He wasn't able to do anything, so we asked for a different room.  We were moved up a floor to the side overlooking the disgusting lower roof.  Both rooms were the same.  Old, dingy, over used, and barely holding themselves together.The hotel was dead at all various hours that we were coming and going each day, so we're not sure why we couldn't have been checked into a nicer room, and earlier in the day.  The bed was comfortable, wifi was strong and for the most part everything was clean-ish.We stopped in the general store for a postcard and the business center for a stamp.  Both lady's that helped us were friendly.  The guy at the little coffee/bagel stand was also genuinely nice.We ate at the R Buffet for b-fast and it was okay, but not worth the discounted rate we paid.  We watched the magic show, which was pretty cool but don't pay full price for this either.  It was an entertaining show but not worth some of the ticket prices we came across.  We ate at the bar in the R Steak and Seafood restaurant because we had an offer of 20% off the entire bill, but when it came time to pay we were told it was only good in the dining room.  We showed the manager there was no stipulation in the offer, but instead of correcting our bill he took my name and number and said he would see what they could do in the form of comps.  We never heard back from him.In the end, this hotel needs to be demolished unless it's being kept for that original vegas feel.  Do NOT pay full price to stay here--$25 per night max because there is also a $15 resort fee (common for most hotels in the area).
1	When I checked in the woman was rude. I requested a non-smoking room since my mom hates the smell and it was for her birthday. I was told I got a smoking room and was told I could get an upgraded room for an extra $20 a night, doesn't seem right to me. I was aware of the hotel nightly rate of $15 a night but don't understand the charge since no one really does anything for you, when i checked in, the woman at the front slid my card, which i was assuming was for that charge but I came to find out, when I checked out that I owed the second night along with the $15 each night charge that would be taken out of the $100 they took from my account as a deposit. I had no idea that they had taken $100, no where did it say anything about a deposit, and I was not even told when the charge was actually made. The guy was talking to me like a five year old while explaining all of this. The window was broken and bed was hard as a rock. All of the restaurants closed at 10 except one which was overpriced. They're even books in the room were also outdated. It says they have bingo which my grandma wanted to do but when we went to find it we were told they haven't had it for months and couldn't tell us where the next closest was. The rude behavior of all made any positives out of sight and out of mind. Spend the extra money and go somewhere else.
1	I recently stayed at the Riviera for a large, national conference and have been fantasizing about what kind of review I would write after the horrible service I received. I should mention, first, that we were warned about booking a room at the hotel. Several people affiliated with the conference warned they, their family members, or friends had gotten bed bugs while staying at the Riviera. Because the conference we were in Vegas to attend was being held there, my colleague and I decided to press our luck and stay there for convenience.I've decided to write a simple account of my experience in chronological order. 1) When I went to check in, I attempted to redeem a voucher for a free room upgrade. Surprise! The room was already booked and they had only rooms left with king-sized beds. No offense fo my colleague, but we preferred to have our own beds. Sounded like the Twitter deal was a scam. The real offense? The check-in clerk was incredibly rude. I was astounded. 2) We got bedbugs. Yep. It happened. I have pictures. When we brought this to the front desk's attention a manager came out, hurried us into a corner, told us security would meet us up at the room to investigate. We protested, he insisted. We went up to the room where a security officer met us. He took pictures of the bites, wrote something down and keyed up his radio, "Code green, that's a positive." I rolled my eyes. He took his flashlight and peered under the top cover. "I don't see any bedbugs." Bedbugs infest the corners of mattresses. They get in the little seams. They crawl on the top of picture frames. Alongside the corners of the carpet. I couldn't believe it. We protested and he called his supervisor. This huge guy came into the room and we explained how impossible it was to conclude there were no bedbugs after such a cursory check. We said we didn't want to pay for the room. He said that the management would take care of everything and escorted us back to the manager. The manager told us there was nothing he could do except change our rooms. He told us security have their procedures and are trained (to be useless, for sure). We protested. He gave us a card and said loss prevention would contact us in 7-10 days. That was on the 14th of March. Today is March 29th; I've heard nothing. We told him the security guy said management would take care of us. He said there was nothing he could do. As a result of their incompetence, we missed dinner with our colleagues. They did give us, after my roommate got upset, a voucher for dinner. 3) When we went to check out, we asked right away to speak with a manager. A different manager than the previous night appeared, and when we said we got bedbugs she hurried us away from the other folks checking out. We told her we didn't want to pay for the room. She said there was nothing she could do--loss prevention would contact us. We said she was the manager--she could do anything she wanted. I said, "I've read many reviews on various travel sites that have claimed loss prevention never contacts them after they get bed bugs." She got upset and said, "Why would you go and read those sites!" I laughed and said, I'm happy to show the folks in line my bites. Then she called security. 4) Security came and mocked us and threatened us. We said we were here with the teacher's conference, and one guard got angry and said angrily, "What kind of teachers do you think you are?" They circled us as my roommate continued talking to the manager. I told them to get out of my personal space and asked folks who were checking out to witness their hostility. They got in my face and I started taking pictures. I have several. I started tweeting everything. That's when they backed off and left. Now, you can make your own decision to stay here. My roommate and I have not yet been contacted by the hotel about getting bed bugs. The managers at this hotel had total control over our experience as guests, and they chose not to compensate us adequately, the hotel security insulted and threatened us, and there has been no follow up. Choose where you stay wisely.
1	BED BUGS. Stay Away. We stayed at the Riviera Hotel & Casino for a professional conference and had one of the very worst experiences imaginable: we were bitten all over our legs and arms by bed bugs and we were treated poorly by hotel management and security after reporting the bites. First, listen to these online reviews. Mine isn't the only bed bug incident!!! Our biggest mistake was that we ignored all of the many warnings before booking the hotel. We ignored warnings of bed bugs from colleagues who refused to stay there. We ignored Yelp reviews warning customers of bed bugs (read them. There's tons!) and ignored warning about The Riviera on the Bed Bug Registry: http://www.bedbugregistry.com/hotel/NV/Las-Vegas/Riviera-Hotel-%2526amp;-CasinoInstead of making the smart decision, we reasoned that it would be nice to stay at the hotel hosting our conference and that, really, it couldn't be that bad. BAD DECISION. We checked in Tuesday. Thursday night we discovered bed bug bites on our feet, legs, and arms. We google-image searched bed bug bites and read about the symptoms. They looked exactly like the pictures and matched the symptoms. When we brought this to the attention of the hotel staff, we received the complete run-around. Management passed us off to security, who took pictures of all our bites on our feet, arms, and legs. Security passed us off to risk management (who, conveniently, were not in at that moment), and then we were passed back to hotel management and passed back to security. No one could give us any answers, but we were given a new room while they investigated our old room. A manager "comped" us $50.00 but suggested that this comp does not confirm fault by the hotel (sounds kind of fishy, right?). When we checked out we told the management that we would not be paying for the room. Management called security, who surrounded us, threatened us, and harassed us. They told me to wait 8-10 business days before calling risk management. I waited 10 business days and called today. I was informed that the report came back as "inconclusive" and that I would be responsible for paying the room. When I questioned their investigation, saying that it was awfully convenient that their investigation found no evidence of bed bugs, they hung up on me. Now the Riviera is making me pay for my bedbug-infested room. What a poor, poor example of customer service. In a town where they're basically giving away hotel rooms to try to get folks to stay and gamble, they wouldn't even comp us a room after infesting our bodies, clothes, and luggage with bed bugs. Now that's poor customer service. Seriously, listen to the warnings on Yelp and other review sites. Don't make the mistake of thinking that these are a few random bitter cranks with an axe to grind. This is a serious problem that the hotel apparently has not addressed properly.
1	I booked this place online, when I got there, they gave me different room, they said you can change it later, and when I changed it, they charged me extra for it which I didn't ask for, I just asked for what I booked. At the end I paid 100$ extra for 4 nights.
1	Worst check in ever! Been in line for 30 minutes, worse than the dmv.slots are tight, cocktail waitresses even more so!the best thing about this place is that its across the street from Circus Circus.oh and the happy hour at the R Steakhouse!5$ bowl of steamed clams, oysters, row of 3 sirloin sliders or habanero chicken wings.
1	This hotel has a very well documented bedbug problem. I made a reservation for 2 rooms and then was told by a friend from Vegas that there was an infestation. I immediately cancelled the reservation. Riviera refused to honor my cancellation and has taken 100% of hotel fee.We stayed at the Tuscany hotel, FYI, and although the rooms are basic, the price was great and there were no BEDBUGS!!!!!!Shame on you Riviera!!!!
1	LOSING!!!This is not my favorite hotel on the strip. Is it full of history with old rooms that smell? Yes that is the smell of History. Come on Sinatra has a suite here. I am sure there are things in this hotel we do not want to know anything about, so sometimes it is better to just hold your nose & deal with it.I have only stayed at this hotel because of work. I would never personally pick this place ever.When I check-in, I asked for a Humidifier and I was promptly told, "the Riv does not have any". I informed the check-in agent that I stay in Vegas 3 times a year & every hotel has humidifiers. She promptly told me I was wrong & she questioned what hotels I stayed at last. I informed her and she said, "That is hard to believe because one of the hotels I mentioned was a sister property and they do not have humidifiers!" I looked at her and said, "I am sorry because they gave me one for a week!"  So frustrating! Why are you arguing with me?Two days went by and I was about to go to Walgreens to purchase a Humidifier. I decided to call Housekeeping and just ask. The Manager in Housekeeping said, "I wish you would have called two days ago because I think I am out of them!" I was so mad that I actually listened to the front desk. I should have just called two days ago. The Manager was so sweet because I asked her to call me back within the hour because if I did not hear from her I would go and buy one. Five minutes later there was a knock at my door and I was handed a humidifier.  That was 5 star service but the front desk not knowing or even making an attempt to get me a humidifier was 0 stars.My dry cleaning was suppose to be in my room by 7pm the night before. As I was getting ready in the morning I noticed my dry cleaning was not there. I tried several times to call the Bell Hop, to inquiry about my dress shirt but no one ever picked up the phone. So I decided to pick up my shirt myself & went down on my way to work. I informed the Bell Hop my shirt was never delivered. He then looked at me and said, "Did you look in the closet?" I honestly wanted to biff myself in the head and say, "I wish I had a V8!" I looked at him and said, "Really?" He then went to look for my shirt but made sure to tell me that he probably did not have it. Guess what? He had my shirt. Then he had the rudeness to say, "I am going to need to see your ID!" I looked at him and said, "What are the chances that I gave you my last name, my room number, color of shirt and that it wasn't delivered to my room and it isn't my dress shirt???" He said, "Well I have to be sure!" I said, "Just be sure you are making me late for work and I now have to get dressed in the Lobby bathroom now!" Honestly what is the deal with these guys! Are people stealing dry cleaning in hotels?I also had to leave notes around my room to inform the maid not to touch my stuff. Please do not move my toothbrush and various bathroom stuff. Is it really necessary?  The kicker was the day I walked in and my room was not made and it was 7pm at night. I called the manager and he said, "I see your room has been marked off as cleaned!" I told him to come on up or I could email him photos. He asked if he could send up the maid now and I said, "No! I am in my room & I am good!" Five minutes later there was a knock on my door from the maid who insisted to come in and clean my room. I had to tell her that I was good & did not want my room cleaned. It was more principal. Don't check my room off as clean and then not clean it.The kicker is this. I decided to go green & check-out from my television. It then asked me to find the keyboard in the room to type in my email to send me out a final bill. I then opened every drawer in my room to find the keyboard. I then called down to the front desk and was informed that none of the rooms have keyboards. Really? Why tell me to check out from the room & I can not get a bill emailed to me. The front desk manger promised me to email me my final bill. It has been 7 days since I have checked out I have not gotten my final bill. I called after 24 hours and had them email me again. No email. I have in fact called 5 times & I have them send out emails to two different email addresses. Guess what? No email. I also had food here once too. I had one of the pre-packed salads from the coffee shop. I opened my salad only to find wilting lettuce in the container. So gross! That was the first & last time that I ate at the hotel. If you stay here you are going to be taking cabs down the street or walking to get to any decent restaurants. There is nothing to do at this end of the strip!I am hating this review right now because I am taking a big deep breath & reliving this lack of customer service at the Riv! This hotel is not a Five Star Hotel. My room was suppose to be non-smoking but it still smelled like smoke. I guess after 58 years you will never be able to get the smoke of the walls!
2	I was told the rooms were renovated but was a basic clean up... Still has popcorn on the ceiling, clean but not anything fancy. Flat screen tv was terrible reception, heat and air is old and is loud and outdated. Very old casino that dates back to 1955 and is a good place to stay if you like vintage. Does not have a good filtration in the casinos and smoke is strong smelling. Would never, never stay here again... Never!
2	Just stayed a week at the "Riviera".  First thing was an "Extra charge" for an upgraded room that was non-smoking.  I had booked a non-smoking room through Expedia.  Then a resort fee on top of that.  At the end of seven days, the extra charges were $261.00.  The casino was so smokey we avoided it and went across the street to Circus Circus.  Go to the Mirage.  I think they will give you a much better deal after the EXTRA charges are added.  Signed Linda Hewson Colebrook NH
5	Timeless & Affordable Las Vegas HotelThis hotel has flair and is affordable.The staff is very friendly and gave me the desired room. Before the official check-in time, I was already in the room.On April 6th 2013, early afternoon I met a Woman with dark long hair and a thin kind of poncho on Her shoulders at the casino. She was accompanied by an Asian Girlfriend. I just came back from the Grand Canyon West tour and was very tired. For me the day started at 4 AM. For this and other reasons, I had not asked for the name or contact details of the Woman. I have to give something to this Woman. This is important. However I do not know where and how to search for this Woman.  :-(
5	This place is wonderful, we had an updated room with a pool view. It's been quiet and beds are comfortable, towels are fluffy and soft, the only thing I wish they had was a coffee maker, but it's ok, cause you can get coffee anywhere! Wonderful experience!
4	Stayed in Monte Carlo Tower, rooms were very spacious and has a vanity and small fridge. Pool is huge. Tubs and shower are big. Has iron but no coffee pot :-(
3	I went here for a locals meetup mixer at the pool on May 5th. I wasn't overly impressed with the pool. They put rose's lime juice in the margaritas... Ew. The blackjack dealers inside were less than excited to be working here. I don't think I will be heading back anytime soon...
3	Here name was Lola...She was a Showgirl...That was many years ago When they used to have a show....Copacabana (  Barry Manilow)The Riviera ,much like Lola where in their heyday ,they wereThe toast of the town. The Riviera, being the first hight rise hotel buit on the Strip.  Now she stands quietly in the shadows cast by her newer additions that shimmer in the footlights of the Fabulous Las Vegas STRIP.
1	I don't think I would return here. I booked through a travel site and thought it was a great deal until I got there and they told me I could only have an old, non-updated smoking room. Just so you know, non-smoking is an upgrade you will pay for. By the end of, I spent more here than I would have at a nicer hotel. The rooms were decent in the tower I upgraded to but it didn't feel like an upgrade so I'm terrified to think what the other rooms are like. Do yourself a favor and book elsewhere.
1	A cheap has-been. If you're coming to Vegas to gamble and this is the best hotel you can afford, you probably can't really afford to gamble. Think about that. Anyway, I'd give it two plus stars for being a decent, if sad, budget option, except for the bait and switch tactics the Riviera uses to lure those hotel shopping online: the base rate quoted on the travel sites excludes the $15/night resort fee AND is for a SMOKING room. "Upgrading" to a less gross nonsmoking option is an additional $22/night. So we're talking about a difference of $37/night between the online rate and the rate you actually have to pay.Other than that, the rooms are decent but old, clean but shabby. The staff is neither friendly nor hostile but again, it's a cheap hotel. In a small town in the middle of the windswept prairie, this sort of hotel might pass for decent, but in Las Vegas this relic has long been overshadowed.
1	Never going back. Got to our room broken pieces of hard candy on the carpet and on the shower nob, hot cheeto on the side of the night stand.
1	TERRIBLE.  I have stayed here a few times and my room was upgraded  to Manaco Tower ( its what I payed for anyways) and this time they SCREWED UP and did NOT give me the room I paid for. They gave me a SMOKING(I don't smoke and specifically asked for no smoking) and gave me in the old towers. What can I say. These rooms suck. The new towers are OK. But these are horrific. Mold in the bathroom, bath tub is filthy, and the mattresses are extremely uncomfortable. I complained to "manager" ( ANNETTE) and she was rude and acted like she doesn't care. What kind of service is that. I mean I would get better service at motel 6 I'm sure. Either way they lost a continuing customer and will not ever return here, even for a free room. Save yourself the trouble and DO NOT stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Chain reaction due to flight delays.  Our room (that we reserved) was given away.  We were put up in a temp room for one night.  Then we got stuck in a garage elevator.  To top it off, the hotel layout was confusing.
5	Got it for $14 a night on hotwire! Low minimum tables, friendly staff, clean rooms. You can't beat the riviera for vegas on a budget.
1	My girlfriend and I stayed here because it was the host hotel for our tournament.  Nothing went right.  We were not given the room we had reserved.  The staff was rude, our room was disgusting.  Hole in the "popcorn" ceiling, white stuff on a chair and yes it was what you were thinking.  Absolutely disgusting.
1	1 star. My girlfriend and I bought the groupon for this trip a couple months ago and finally used it last week. We booked our hotel room and got our reservation at the Riviera. What a mistake. Not only were we greeted by an unfriendly and unhelpful staff, the lady actually is yelling to her co worker behind the counter about how we are slowing everything up and now she can't go on her break. We got there and they didn't have our reservation!! What the hell!
1	Rooms were very very small, no coffee maker, and when we checked out they charged us again for our rooms, we had already paid for them prior, when we called, they were very rude and did not want to return our money. Would never go here again
4	Ok James Bond fans. This is the hotel that was used for the interior shots of the Whyte House in Diamonds Are Forever. Unfortunately it has been redone so many times that it is almost unrecognizable. But try your hand at the craps table anyway, maybe Plenty O'Toole will give you a hand. Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	This hotel really needs to step up its game!! First, I called a week in advance to ask how to add a person to the reservation. They told me to call the booking company and they would take care of it. I did just that, and even double checked a few days before. When my friend arrived at the hotel before my flight even took off, they would not let her check in! Assuming it was just a mix-up, I called the hotel and politely explained the situation. They indicated that we'd have to have hotels.com fax them a confirmation. I called and had that done, waited the half hour that was requested, and then called back. Meanwhile, my best friend is standing in the middle of the hotel with all of her bags just waiting. By the time I finally got a hold of a person, it had been over an hour since the fax had been sent. The guy on the other end of the line told me that the fax hasn't been received. I asked him if he could go check the machine or the e-fax system. He said, and I quote, "Ma'am, that's in another department, and they don't have a phone."  What the actual hell? Is this 1905? What department doesn't have a phone!? He told me they receive thousands of faxes a day and it would be two hours at the very least. (I'm imagining two people in a windowless room in a tower with no phone furiously trying to read all the faxes) Called back, asked for a manager, miraculously the fax appeared.TL;DR: crappy customer service, chinsey hotel, grouchy dealers, adequate room. Would not stay again.
1	DO NOT COME HERE! WORST HOTEL/MOTEL EVER!!!! Horrible. Filthy. Worst customer service ever. Casino has literally 20 machines. No live dealers. This has been the worst hotel experience ever in my life, or should I say, Motel? I arrived at Riviera around 11PM to check in. The Valet guy was rude... Whatever, I just wanted to get into my room. Getting there, the clerk said we didn't specify which room my husband & I wanted so he would give us a smoking room with 2 queen beds. I didn't want to get a smoking room so I was willing to pay $20 bucks to upgrade to a 1 King size bed & no smoking. The clerk says, "I'll upgrade you guys to the new tower." -- in his mono-toned voice btw-- so any way, we get up to our room I thought this was a joke. It was worst than the local LA QUINTA. This is upgraded???? The room was HUMID, the fridge was broken, one of the lamps was also broken (button was gone) and the thing that got me the most was the HALF USED SHAMPOO bottle without a conditioner or hand soap to offer (which is what NORMAL hotels give you) OH and there was also a dirty hand print on our table. There was also a paper that says, "This room has been cleaned by..." and no one signed it... lol.... hmmm.I am an easy going girl, really, but this was outrageous. Half used shampoo? Really? Could've refilled it at least so I wouldn't know :p anyways... I went down stairs and ordered to get my money back, (so about 15-20 minutes have passed now) the clerk went to the back to talk to his manager.... he talked for about 15 minutes, comes back out and does some typing on the computer.... then he says, "m'am we would refund you your money but it says you have been in the room for past 30 minutes." -- ARE YOU KIDDING ME? It takes at least 5-10 minutes to walk from the front desk to my hotel PLUS I've been standing there for 15 minutes waiting on him and he KNOWS that, and that's basically what I told him. He then goes to the back again and the manager comes out and instead of being NICE and comforting the customer.... no.... she acts like a total ... B....  ok so all this arguing goes on and she does not want to refund the money nor does she make me feel better (customer is supposed to always be right...) So FINALLY I demanded a different room AT THE LEAST... and she gives it to us.... so when we are heading to the room, we ask a different hotel clerk that checked us in the first time where the nearest rest room was and THIS A---HOLE says, "I'm off the clock" and just keeps walking... seriously dude? Just POINT your hand in the right direction!!! Nope... we should've known... shouldn't have wasted our time asking any way.... We get to our room, it's still disgusting but HEY at least my shampoo bottle isn't half used.... OH LOOK our lamp AND fridge works (even though it sucks lol) OH and the most important thing... the service card (whoever cleaned the room) WAS SIGNED!!! lol.... but yeah this place was horrible... USUALLY customer service HELPS make up for any mishaps but not here. That's probably why you would never want to stay here. You can pay the same price and stay at the Platinum hotel... I stayed there after this place and it made up for EVERYTHING!!!! Then again, I'm sure any other MOTEL would be better than the Riviera.LONG description but this was a horrific place and I want it to be known!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME LIKE WE DID!!!!
1	On 28 June 2013 I checked into the Riviera Hotel and casino until 5 July 2013. After being placed in a downgraded room because my room wasn't available I got settled into room 3533. On 30 June 2013 I went to turn on the floor lamp inside the room and I got a very powerful electric shock. My right hand and arm has very little feeling other than tingling now. I reported the incident immediately to the front desk. A security guard came up to my room and I filed an incident report. She assured me that Risk Management would call me. She took the lamp and told me maintenance would replace the lamp. The lamp wasn't replaced. After going to the ER I was diagnosed with Electric Shock Injury and was told feeling may never come back. I tried calling risk management every day. Finally after 2 days I went to the front desk and demanded to speak to someone regarding my injury. The manager, Debbie, came up and offered to refund my resort fees totaling $115.00 to make up for me losing the feeling in my arm by their faulty equipment in the room. They then upgraded me to the room I was supposed to have the whole time since I paid for an upgraded room. On 4 July 2013 housekeeping came to the room around 11 am. I told her I didn't need housekeeping and she said "ok" and walked away. We left the room around 1:00 and returned around 2:30pm. Upon returning to the room none of the 4 keys we had worked. I went down to the front desk and they gave me 4 more keys. I went back to my room and those keys didn't work. I went back down but this time to the bell desk. I explained what happened and how I already got 4 new keys. He said he'd help and he followed me to my room. His key didn't work. He said something had to be wrong with the lock or mechanism so he left and went to engineering. 30 minutes later 2 security guards (1 male in a black suit and the female security who originally took my injury report) arrived at my room. They told me I was locked out of my room because housekeeping came in to clean and saw my BB gun I had in my room. He told me firearms aren't allowed in the building. I had kept my BB gun in my safe which I kept locked. I told the security how I had told housekeeping I didn't need service earlier. I also told him how my BB gun, which isn't a firearm because it does not use combustion to fire a projectile instead uses air, was locked in my safe and asked how the maid saw my gun and also why was she coming back after I told her I didn't want her in my room. He then told me I was to leave the premises and was banned or "86'd". It took security an additional 30 minutes to get into my room because the door wasn't unlocking. The security guard kept trying to egg me on and asking "Do you have a chip on your shoulder?" "Are you mad?" "Why are you mad?" He had to be asked to leave by the other security guards because he wouldn't stop egging me on. Once inside I saw my safe had been pried open, my BB gun was sitting on top of the safe and the do not disturb sign that was on the door was sitting next to the safe. All the money I had in the safe was taken. I requested to file a report and I was told Risk Management would call me Monday. They never called. They didn't refund me for my extra night stay. I filed a police report with Las Vegas Metro Police. I will never stay at the Riviera. I will never recommend anyone, not even my worst enemy to stay at the Riviera Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!Attached is a video taken while security tried to fix the door the broke.https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10151779810399913&l=1311073713539322341
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE Bottoms up Black Jack on the Weekends.  Great Game.  Great time.  Great Pitt Boss, Dealers, and Waitresses.  Never stayed there but will always visit and usually lose money elsewhere with Wifey for Bottoms up up up up.
2	This hotel depressed me. . .It has potential but there are just so many things wrong with how it is run.  My biggest issue was the lack of up keep.  The Casino, lobby, front doors and elevator were dirty throughout our weekend stay.  Finger prints, garbage, scratches, scrapes---it was really hard to look at the place on our way up to our rooms.  The check in process was inefficient.  They have one line for all needs and this one line moves ultra slowly.  When we checked in we waited in a long line and as we came and went we frequently saw an extraordinary long line.  They a few elevators that serviced all floors (not one for higher and another for lower floors) so the elevators were always very full.  The rooms:  Were surprisingly nice.  We almost left after the check in process because we were so horrified but the rooms were nice!  Up to date, clean, spacious.   We were shocked!  The pool was okay---very loud could hear it from our rooms in the afternoon hours (or power nap time!).  The location isn't bad.  It's close to the monorail, near the North hotels.  A quick cab ride from everything but the ascetics and cleanliness needs major work! I don't plan to stay here again unless they step up their game.
2	We stayed here this weekend because it was affordable and close to the other people we were spending time with. Our favorite part was the British style pub in the casino area because they had 99 beers to choose from, the staff were awesome, and the food was good. Our hotel room was clean and basic, the bed was comfy. For the price the room was good. The problem is that it is run poorly. At check in time, there was a huge lineup that didn't move. It took us 40 minutes to check in. They had about 3 staff checking everyone in. Also, they made us pay a $100 damage deposit which will be returned to the credit card 3-5 business days after check out. Upon check out, we were informed that there was a $30 service charge for staying there and that we should have read the fine print when we checked in.The place was a little run down and drab but for the price that didn't bother us. We won't stay here again because of the sneaky charges and long lines in a lobby with almost no air conditioning.
4	This place has a very bad reputation apparently but I don't see why. I stayed 3 days, 2 nights and really enjoyed it. I liked that it was a bit secluded from the others but still easy walking distance. I liked that it was also a bit smaller but still had everything the other higher end (and way over-priced) hotels have. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and spacious. The buffet was very yummy and had a nice variety. The parking wasn't overwhelming like the other hotels. And the casino was good too. People are saying there aren't any live dealers but I think they're smokin' something because I played black jack, roulette, AND craps with live people. They were very helpful too. The front desk was nice and all the workers in the casino were very friendly. The only two bad things were the dusty alarm clock and the $30 "resort fee" that I was never told about until I checked out. All in all though I enjoyed it and would definately stay again!
2	stayed here for free as part of someone's bday package, and yet i still find myself with room to complain. thats how bad this hotel is.the one thing i distictly remember is having to drunkenly sleep up on the A/C because it works so poorly. here i am all inebriated and such, and this piece of crap cant blow cold air to save my life! hot room, but at least i had a nice view of the pool. the casino itself sucks. lifeless, dead, not exciting at all. i thought this was vegas people! i've stayed at better hotels in the middle of nowhere...where was our coffee maker? the beds were comfy, but at the end of the day, our room became known as the place we go in between getting drunk...as opposed to the place we go to relax, recharge, and refuel. P.S. check-in was horrible. they seriously made us wait hours to check-in, via some company mix-up. apparantly their email service is super slow and they didnt have our info ready when we arrived. avoid this place, unless u seriously cant afford another spot.
3	This was OK.  Good for the price.  Main problem was that it was far away from the rest of the strip, but that's not the fault of the Riviera.i would like, however, to complain about something annoying that happened upon check-in.  The night before, I had spoken to a customer service agent about whether or not early check-in would be OK.  She told me it would be fine.  In her words "there isn't much going on in Vegas this weekend" and "We still have a lot of availability."  I arrived at the Riviera the next morning, and MAGICALLY, they were all booked.  How were they booked only a few hours after having a lot of availability?  To make matters more irritating, the couple in front of us was permitted to check in early, but I was expected to walk around like a dunce waiting for my room to be cleaned.I wouldn't have minded the early check-in issue, except that some incompetent fool on the website chat thought it was appropriate to lie to me about how booked they were (or just not check, either one).  I know I've focused mostly on the negative, but that is just one experience, hence why I still gave it 3 stars- it's a fine hotel.  Not the best, but it's safe and clean, which was all I hoped for.  It's great if you plan on spending most of your time outside of the hotel, but keep in mind that transportation will be annoying.
3	Location not the best. Seems to have an older crowd.Penthouse suite was beautiful
2	In Atlantic City this would be a solid 4 stars, believe it or not. However, compared to what's happening south of the Riviera on The Strip right now, meh.There are a couple of things to note on the good side- the slots are never crowded and neither are the table gamesthe crowd here is as unpretentious as you can get the history of the resort is hard to match- Dino used to be a part owner and Liberace was the headliner here shortly after the doors opened for the first time. Frank Sinatra had one of the rooms in the Monte Carlo Tower remodeled to meet his tastes during one of his runs. There are a few exhibits of the heyday of the Riviera near the Monaco Tower including a great photo of Elvis and Jerry Lee Lewis onstage together.rooms are cheapPeppermill is right next doorOn the bad side-it's dated inside...from the way it's decorated to the way it's operatedunless you can appreciate "Old Vegas" you won't think you are getting the Vegas experience hereSome new developments are underway nearby which may force the Riv to update and upgrade in order to stay relevant. For now, they are firmly in the 70s & 80s in terms of style and it's not even good enough for hipster irony right now.
2	I guess its not bad, we checked in and were given a smoking room because they had no others, we were not thrilled about that, but they said they were fully booked. After getting to the room I decided to call the front desk to ask if we could have a 12pm check out, I called from the room phone and after 15 minutes of no one answering I called from my cell phone as well and waited and finally someone answered after about 25 minutes, and they did let us check out at 12 but still if its pretty busy day I don't see how no one could have answered the phone a little quicker just to answer a quick question.
2	You get what you pay for and the Riviera is no exception.  The Casino is definitely dated but doesn't feel as dingy as it could.  The rooms are comfortable and the pool is decent.  Worth leaving the property to find good food.  The walk to the strip is fairly quick too.
4	Really enjoyed my stay. Old time Vegas attitude. Not super crowded and my room was large and clean. Enjoyed the buffet as well. In my opinion, the best value in sin city
3	Stayed her for only one night, was in town for the Les Miserables musical. Now the review is going to be all over the board! So lets see were it takes us?First and foremost, I give it a 5 star just for it being a pet friendly hotel. Very hard to find in Las Vegas! They do charge a $25.00 pet fee, rooms are not that great! Right next to the pool. and all pet friendly rooms are smoking! I have seen a lot cleaner rooms elsewhere, but can not complain to much. BUT!!!!Only reason why I we stayed at Riviera,1) Closest pet friendly hotel near downtown, The Smith Center is in downtown! I know, if we had stayed at La Quinta Inn. It would have be cleaner and far more better experience. Service at The Riviera was horrible, I tried calling before we arrived to see what time check in was! Took me more then 30 min to get a hold of anyone at the front desk! The hotel is more Pet tolerant then Pet friendly, very small patch of artificial grass gated area for your dog relieve area! Grass and concrete is very hot, water does not work.The Riviera Hotel is well past it's prime, rooms are run down,  it's a good place for those bargain hunters! Located near the Stratosphere, in a area that as been trying to catch up with the rest of the strip.  So, overall this place was OK! Might try somewhere else next time? But never know?
2	Ok well I am making a yelp for this place. Would be 1 star if not for the casinoWent here for my girlfriend and friend's 21st birthday vacationFirst the pros1. If you like to gamble for cheap there is a 1$ blackjack table2. Food from the pub was great had dueling pianos they were great and funny one of the best places in Vegas because it wasn't busy and noisy as a lot of restaurants the food isn't the best selection but that's understandable because it's a pub3.had extreme problems with valet but it wasn't their fault it was my fault but the person who help me was extremely kind and help ful4. There is security at the front of the elevators so no one can come in from downstairs.5. Rooms were quiet Now the cons1. WE found COCKROACHES in the room and called about it to front desk they just transfered me to house keeping and said they would do something about it the following day but they didn't even show up and didnt even apologize and we were in their luxury rooms.2 . COCKROACHES3.15 $ resort fee which circus circus charges 10$4. Pool wasn't the best no JacuzziWould I come here again yes because of the casinowould I stay here again no cause of the COCKROACHES
2	Our upgraded room was seedy. A few light bulbs out. Stains on the bathroom sink and counter but not dirt. The bed was comfortable. The sheets and towels white and clean. The bed covers looked too old. The room was fairly large. We requested two beds. Unfortunately they were doubles and not queen sized. The price was better than many and we stayed there based on Expedia reviews. We had already booked for the return trip so stayed there again. The room was much nicer. However, we will book elsewhere next time.
2	in one word, GHETTO came to my mind as I walked the casino floor.  I've never stayed here, but I've always have been enticed by the cheap prices on Vegas.com, but I'm glad I scouted the place.  I'd rather stay at LVH up the block.
2	Customer Service is really lacking. Room had no rags. Took them overnight to get me a toothpaste. $15 per night hotel fee forced on you, claiming it's for wifi and pool access. The halls were filthy as was the bathroom. If you're someone who just wants somewhere to crash and don't care, you can come here. Otherwise, choose somewhere else. No microwave for use in the whole hotel. R buffet has no takeout option.
3	I stayed on a rollaway for a night when a friend offered me a place to stay after I moved out of my house.  This casino is exactly how I remember it from like 10 years ago when I last stayed here.  Definitely good value to stay at the hotel, but not the best place to hang out.
1	The only reason I stayed at this hotel is because my husband is in a pool tournament and the APA pays for the room, otherwise I would NEVER stay here.First, we waited for over an hour to check in and the rooms were overbooked. Guess what? We had to share a room with a single  king bed with another friend. Great!!The room stinks, no microwave, no coffee maker. Shower is very short and we have to  duck under the water to get wet. Cheap toilet paper, sand paper thin towels, rough sheets, uncomfortable bed and pillows...Oh, I forgot that even being prohibited to smoke in the rooms hall, the smoke smell is so disgusting!Room service takes over an hour and most restaurant have crappy food and giant waiting line. I wish it was possible to give a 0 rate instead 1. Ugh!!!!!!!!!
2	Stayed here for 3 days and the stay was decent. Check in was slow because there was only 1 person working. The hallway was really dark and creepy. Finding the parking lot and valet was really confusing because we had to go around the building. I like the complimentary coffee but it comes with a resort fee of $15. The older valet worker was funny and helpful! He makes the place welcoming.
4	I like this hotel, especially they hv renovated the hotels... The casinos is start to become alive now... More brighter with lights, before it was just dark..and more restaurants in the hotel too.. So I like the improvements, and the rate is also amazing!!! The bed is super comfy, BUT..I notice one of my pillow case has holes on them!! WTH???!!!! Other than that... I love staying here! :)
2	The room was not clean by the time we cheeked in and we had to wait for someone to come and prepare it for us. The price is the only thing which is convenient to go for and nothing else. no service because the thousands of people at the entrance, but the fast chek in machines helps you to speed up the queue.
3	Thank you Jay! Mmmm... And can u do something about the Wifi connection!! I cannot get connected since last night, I hv told the front desk about it.. It keep saying unable to connect... The connection is really bad, and I'm already paying the resort fee for it? Please do something abt it.. Because of the poor connection, I cannot use my ipad to do any of my works stuff..
1	The worst customer service ever by the front desk manager and reservation agent.   I went to check in, the manager told me that I was suppose to be there a few days before.  I told him that he was wrong and he went into the back room and a reservation agent came out.   The agent tells me that he remembered speaking with me about this reservation.   I almost died right on the spot, I ask him, you really remembered speaking to me out of all the people you speak too?  He said yes, I ask him what day did I call in, he said a few days ago.  I ask again, what day, he told me Sunday.   I started laughing because I was on a plane all day coming back to California from Hawaii.  There was no way I could have spoken to him as the plane didn't have any phones on board.   They ended up charging the 2 extra days on my bill, but then I spoke to the VIP manager and he got it removed.   I will never ever stay at this hotel again!  NEVER!!!!!!!!!
1	I have been to Vegas several times over the years and I have visited the Riviera before but this was my first time staying there.  First off they would not honor the room upgrade voucher that they sent me a couple days before.  Once we got to the room there was a huge stain on the carpet  right in front of our door.  Once we settled in we decided to hit the casino floor and we got stuck in the elevator for almost an hour and the fire department had to come and get us out.  It was so hot in there and I had to keep my girlfriend calm because she kept fearing the worst.  Once were were out the woman who worked for the hotel rushed us downstairs and had us wait at a table for about a half hour then came out and apologized for the inconvenience and offered us a couple of free buffets.  She was none too friendly and when I told her that being locked in a sweltering elevator merited more than a couple of free buffets she got even ruder.  The next day I asked to speak with the hotel manager and a woman came out to talk to us and said that she was sorry and gave me another number to call (Lacricia I believe)  I called the number and her receptionist said there was nothing she could do and tried to put if off on the elevator company saying that it was not the hotels fault because they did not own the elevators.  I asked to have the hotel manager call me and I never recieved a call from anyone else.  Our room never seemed to get cool and when I mentioned it to the woman at the front desk she brushed it off.  I didn't realize it until we were checking out but the floor in front of the air conditioning unit was all wet where I had my dirty clothes and some of the colors bled together.  Needless to say it was not a great experience.  I am still shocked at the lack of customer service and the fact that not once person called to follow up with any of my concerns.
3	Thank you Jay! Mmmm... And can u do something about the Wifi connection!! I cannot get connected since last night, I hv told the front desk about it.. It keep saying unable to connect... The connection is really bad, and I'm already paying the resort fee for it? Please do something abt it.. Because of the poor connection, I cannot use my ipad to do any of my works stuff..
3	Come for a cheaper hotel option. Stay for [insert whatever reason here].I picked this hotel mainly because it was a cheap. We were driving through Vegas and it seemed like a good choice. This place is not glamourous by any means. We stayed in the newer tower, which turned out to be just an average room. The older towers seemed to be the shitty part of the hotel. The stay was fine, but I was surprised that room service was open late night. It seemed like the whole hotel/casino became deserted after a certain hour. This compared to other hotels where shit is always happening. This place is very kitschy, but not in a charming or endearing way. You are constantly bombarded with famous celebrities that have performed there over the years. It became sad when you realize that there haven't been notable acts there in 25-30 years. It seemed like they were trying way too hard to say that they were once very popular. If they want to capitalize on their happening era in the 50s though the 70s they should just go all in with it. Don't use blown-up boring old photos of acts. Use original posters or reproductions of them. Have old music playing in the lobby. I'm not sure if they're trying to hard or not hard enough.
3	My boyfriend and i were very satisfied with our stay . Pros-. It's only $64 bucks a night . It's right on the strip . They give you a coupon book that does give you alot of freebies . The staff are wonderful . The rooms are clean  . Free tickets to the Comedy Club . $1 beers! . Pool is nice and clean . Taxi service is nice and orginized.Cons-. They do fill their rooms up fast so you may not get that king sized bed you wanted. . Try not to book near the pool if your a light sleeper they blast music at like 11 in the morning. . They don't have the best parking structure . No shampoo or conditioner! . The toilet paper is cheap. Lol. * I give this hotel a 3 out of ten cause you do get what you pay for. You don't go to McDonald's to get a steak. Personally I would stay here again. It was cheap, and pretty decent. : ) don't expect your room to be looking like Cesar's Palace . It's $64 bucks haha
1	This hotel was awful.  Rooms were dirty.  Toilet was broken.  Floors were dirty.  Dust was 4" thick behind the bedside table (which you had to pull out to find an outlet).TV was crap (not to mention no HBO). Cheap but so are better hotels in Vegas.
4	Compared to other Las Vegas Hotels:  3 StarsFor The Price:  5 StarsFor a Luxury Room (Note: GET a Luxury Room), we only paid about $30 per night.That came with 2 free tickets to the Riviera Comedy Club which was HILARIOUS, free coffee every morning, and 50% off drinks at one of their bars.The Room and Hotel were fine.  Nothing fancy, but not as bad as we expected.Honestly we were pleasantly surprised there was a mini-fridge, working AC, plenty of toiletries, and a bucket for ice.  I guess it helps to have low expectations.  :-)One thing: they never picked up their phone when we called, but their GM was incredibly responsive and helpful by email.  GeneralManager@theriviera.comIf you're heading to Vegas, short on cash, and don't plan to be in your Hotel for much more than sleeping, Riviera is a darn good choice.
3	I suggest to come on a week day. The room was only $30 for a clean, pretty decent sized room and on the strip (however we were coming back from Zion National Park in Southern Utah so any bed look decent compared to the desert floor). The only big complaint we had was the overwhelming smells downstairs but that's to be expected at every casino hotel. We ended up staying two nights and for the second day scored a coupon booklet that included free passes to one of the casinos comedy shows, free coffee, free bar drinks and a couple more things. The pool was nice but not CLEAN and full of sunscreen. Overall three stars but I recommend it if you are looking for a low priced stay, you won't be in the hotel much anyway?
3	When visiting Vegas on a budget, I normally stay at Bill's. However, it's undergoing renovations, so this time I decided to try the Riviera instead. The name of the game here, is VALUE. I stayed in the newer tower, and our room was clean and everything worked just fine. If you're like me, and don't spend much time in the room, that's really all you need. The staff were courteous, and I had no problems with any aspect of the stay. I will say that this hotel isn't in the best location...the cab rides to the better end of the Strip started to add up after awhile. But if you're partying at the Wynn Resorts, it's convenient. Bonus? It's next to the Peppermill! Forget Denny's...the Peppermill is what's up for quality drunk eats! I'd stay here again. You really can't beat it for the price.
1	Oh, how the mighty have fallen.For starters, this is a "value" hotel-casino, as well as a "legacy" hotel-casino. If you're looking to spend as little money as possible on The Strip without caring about cleanliness, luxury, or options. Yes, the neon display is the best in Vegas, but that doesn't take away from how far it has fallen.Sure, part of it has to do with The Great Recession and how it has impacted Las Vegas developers in their quest to replace the Stardust, as well as Fontainebleu Las Vegas's complete failure as a hotel-casino. But what I would have done is focused on renovating the hotel to make it the same sort of stand-alone resort where you don't have to leave the property to enjoy all that Vegas has to offer. But, nope, they don't do that. They have a pitiful mall food court as,  err, a food court.I do like the pinball machines and arcade games in front of the casino.What I don't like is how they advertise the best table odds in Vegas, yet they have blackjack that is even money or 6:5 blackjack, if you're lucky. At least they display the table rules at each table. Also, it looks like it hasn't been vacuumed or swept in years.Unless this place can clean up its act (pun intended), the Riviera is going to be a thing of the past.
2	When we checked in I requested an upgrade, all they had were double queens for my husband and I.  The clerk seemed relieved when I requested the upgrade, she said the upgrade would be a "much" better room.  She gave us an option of pool "view" or outside view.  I asked her opinion, the clerk said pool view would be much better.  Our room was nothing like the photo; it was 3rd floor, very dated, the view was the backside of the satellite dishes.  The casino was constantly under construction, and the information desk was absolutely no help with questions regarding activities outside the hotel.  We attempted dinner at the "Steak & Seafood" restaurant and found we could not get into the restaurant without a reservation(the restaurant was half empty).  When we arrived back at our room at 7:30 this evening, no set up(maid service).  I gave the hotel 2 stars because the room was clean.  This hotel has no ambience, very boring, the pool has dead grass around it....we attend conventions twice a year in Las Vegas and will not be returning for another visit to the Riviera
1	Don't go. The average price might be less but if you are in Vegas, you are there for some good hotels. Why will you go to riviera?? Bed is bad, showers are worst, its worse than a motel 6. It doesn't have any strip view, its too far from the nearest attraction. The Casino is too small. You don't feel Vegas. Rooms have a bad smell. Parking is too far. Nothing to see. Not worth for Vegas!!After the owner comments, I wish i could have given it half a star less. This is how Riviera is, this is how their customer service is. Again.. DO NOT BOOK RIVIERA!! The bed, room, toilet stinks.. not clean at all..
1	You get what you pay for....I went to Las Vegas to attend a industry trade show so I stayed there because it seemed like a good deal price wise. I did the the tweet and posting thing because of the promise of a room upgrade and Vegas Strip views...I got neither.  We had to wait in line for an hour to check in, waited 20 minutes in line at the Banana Leaf Cafe the next day for breakfast because they were understaffed - when we complained to a manager he told us the staff was doing double-duty. The room we were given was musty smelling and the mold in the AC unit ended up giving me headaches and a sinus infection.  The pillows on the bed were old and worn flat, the shower was a joke. I was told a room change was not possible because they were sold-out. I will never stay there again.
2	Presents themselves as cheap and on the strip, but it is not the good part of the strip and was very crusty.  Stayed for 5 nights and I don't think I saw anyone there really happy.  The crowd is older, the rooms were functioning fine, but VERY dusty and dirty.  No good restaurants (but it is next to the Peppermill which is amazing).  The thirty dollars we saved was lost to having to take cabs to get everywhere we wanted to go.  It was a half hour walk to Bellagio/Ceasars area.  If you do end up staying get the bus pass, but it takes about an hour to get from the Riviera to the other side of the strip.  My recommendation would be to spring for the couple extra bucks and stay at a casino in the heart of the strip.  Or if you are looking for value stay downtown at one of the Fremont Experience casinos.
1	Worst hotel ever! I made a reservation requesting a non smoking room.  Upon check in I was told all were sold out and if I wanted a non smoking room I would have to upgrade to a luxury room.  I advised the front desk staff my girlfriend suffers from asthma and I have horrible allergies.  They would not budge on the upgrade price.  I asked to speak to a manager.  I was waiting for 20 min and one never showed up.  Horrible service! I'll never be back.
2	Good hotel if you just want a place to stay when you are in Vegas. Its location on the end of the Strip is convenient if you are into walking a bit. If not - take a bus, it stops right in front of the hotel. You can get cheap and ok drinks at the hotel bar & the room was clean!
1	Oh no. I bought that room that's the room you give me! Not say oh hey now it's not available but I can PAY to get an upgrade for what I ordered?! Wtf no keep my money ill go somewhere else.Looser hotelWhy would I talk to management at 2am exhausted, cranky and just need a king bed?! I mean I am traveling with someone who is 6'3! It doesn't matter what your policy is if a customer is disgruntled then you say I'm sorry with a smile not an attitude like I just killed your cat... You seemed like a sad cat lady... (FYI giving an upgrade, discount buffet, or gambling credits doesn't hurt anyone to have a happy customer)Well doesn't matter I tried to speak to someone and this obnoxious beat said she was the manager. Dishonest or not it's a direct reflection on your customer service training! I just drove from one state to the other after work. I got in when I told them U would arrive (late AF) they said no worries. So when I get there I expect my room available! But it's cool lots of other places to choose from. I go to Vegas twice a month and I'll never stay here. Ever.
2	I have experienced better, actually.I mean, just walking this place and you can feel something is missing. It for sure needs renovation.It's really not fair. This place opened in the 50's and you can tell it's iconic and has had many stars and amazing people walk through it's halls.However, time has clearly passed this place over. The carpets are stained and dirty, the casino feels outdated. Even the shows don't seem to call to me.I've made a conscientious decision to plant my ass in the hotel where I'm staying at (that's the whole point, right?) throughout my weekend trips; and so I didn't linger anywhere and stayed put here.Upon check-in, the clerk gave us the wrong room number. We had some girls come with us in a different room and they gave us another horror story of a rude check in clerk.When I tried to watch TV, I kept fiddling around. Found the porn channel and they were charging over $12 to view it. No thanks. Internet porn is free. Thanks.So after roaming the casino, I found a bar that seems to be the reason why I gave this place an extra star. $1 beer. That's truly something special to have.As for everything else. The food court is dismal and one friend told me the service was horrible at the Indian food place. The Banana Leaf Cafe was horrible as well. I didn't even bother with any of the shows because none of them appealed to me, unfortunately.The R Steak restaurant was the only saving grace here as well. The only gem to be found and clearly a reason for you to visit the Riviera.The pool was pretty neat, up until I went by the 3-ft area with the stairs to climb out and found a bunch of debris and a floating Corona cup. Not quite cool.To make matters worse, my final night I ended up taking a walk towards Encore/Wynn, a hotel who clearly over-shadows the Riviera by a long shot. Upon entrance I can spot a difference IMMEDIATELY. There were so many beautiful women walking around and even if you took that away, you had people walking everywhere, it got so full at one point that we  almost got lost in the midst of it all.Their nightclub 'Tryst' has more swag than the whole of the Riviera combined. And I HATE the word Swag.Finally going back to my hotel in the wee hours and I just felt deflated. No nightclub to speak of, no night-life. Just old folks gambling.Which brings me back to my original notion. It's not fair that an older establishment like this should be compared to by other more modern casino's. There is a certain charm to this place that should be absorbed. Unfortunately, in this day and age, I don't think that's enough to stay on par or ahead of the competition.
3	You get what you pay for.I chose this hotel because it was the cheapest on the strip.  When I arrived, I was told that all the non-smoking rooms were sold out and I would be put in a smoking room.  I was not happy about this at all.  The person at the front desk told me that the room is the same, should not smell like smoke and the only difference would be ash trays in the room.  It seemed I had to put some sense into that woman and explain to her, "of course the room would smell like smoke, the smell would be in all the curtains, bed linens and carpet and I have strong allergic reactions." I requested to speak to a manager, the attendant left for 10mins.  When she returned, she explained that I would be upgraded to a petite suite, non-smoking.  Honestly, I was greatly appreciative and gladly took the upgrade.  The room smelled "old", like it has not been used in years.  The room had an extra sink near the bed and the water backed up a few times (but did not overflow) and left a strong sulfur odor in the room.  I did not report it, because I came to Vegas to see the sights not spend time in the room.  Advice: Bring Lysol spray and your own soapI would recommend staying at the hotel if you just need a place to sh!t, shower, shave and sleep, but not hang out in the room and on a budget .
4	Comic Expo. Big area, clean, nice employees. The parking area is pretty small, ad the nieghborhood certainly isn't the nicest, but if you're there for an event it's ok.
1	This was by far the WORST stay at any hotel I have ever stayed at. The staff was rude, the customer service was a joke and the stay horrible. Upon arrival, we were refuse Valet parking because I have an oversized vehicle and it wouldn't fit in the garage and the valet didn't want to have to walk 20 extra feet to the oversized lot. Then in going to our room after waiting in a ridiculous line with only 2 people working the checkin desk, we noted an unbelievably strong smell of Marijuana in the hall where our room was located - a NONsmoking floor. When I mentioned it to security, they said they would send someone and it never happened. Then I complained tot he manager (Phil) who told be that because Nevada was a medical marijuana state, they had to be "careful" how they handled it but would address the matter. When I asked about it being a nonsmoking floor, he explained that smoking marijuana was not considered smoking and therefore was ok to do on a nonsmoking floor - are you kidding me? Smoke is smoke. when we returned yet again to marijuana strong in the hall, we handled it by making a scene in the hall about people searching for drugs for sale - it never happened again!!!!!! The motor cycle rally coming in was obnoxious and rude - making a point to rev their engines and blare to radios from 12 AM to 5 AM in the hotel drive. When calling the front desk at 3 AM to have them go address the matter, they states that they were coming in for a Rally and could do as they wanted - which was rude to EVERY PAYING GUEST TRYING TO SLEEP! Then on my last day there, the elevators went down. It took 45 minutes to catch an elevator and I had to go up before going down. It was SEVERAL hours until they would allow customers to use the service elevators and because of the issues took 2 hours to get bell service. I will NEVER stay with this joke of a hotel casino again for ANY reason!
4	This review is for the comedy club only. I do not think they have their own page. However, they deserve to have their own. The comedy club is very fun, at least the night I went. The comedians were very funny, They don't compare to some of the greats, but the ones I saw warranted a spot on some of those short stand ups I have seen on comedy central. The show is also dirt cheap almost anyone could afford. As for the casino Rivera. If you are trying to decide whether to stay here or not. I would recommend not staying here as it is not quite close enough to walk to the strip, and the money you save will be paid for in cab fares. I would give the casino a 2.5 star. There are worse, but it is not quite good on location or luxury.
1	August- unclean filthy rooms. Promise of money off from room charges- fail 3 calls to get it solved.October-rude staff, no notice of garage closing. Almost towed. Dirty rooms, and was overcharged on the room. Will never return ever!!!!!!
3	My friends and I stayed at this hotel because it was one of the cheaper hotels in the area. As the saying goes you get what you pay for.   The beds were comfortable enough albeit a little small for 2.  When we arrived the hallway smelled like weed but the smell went away  eventually.  Housekeeping did a good job cleaning and left us an extra roll of toilet paper which was nice since we had a large group.   The room also had a safe which is a plus. Also the elevator from the parking garage started shaking going up,  it was a bit alarming.
1	You know, I don't give a lot of single star ratings. Honestly this is the first time i've wished I could give a no star rating. I've lived in CA for years, and made many many many many trips to Vegas as it's not far away. I've stayed in hotel all up and down the strip, state line and even off strip. THIS HOTEL is the WORST I have ran into.Seriously... what gives? Some of the now gone hotels from just past stateline... that no one really stopped in were nicer than the Riviera. I'm guessing that this mighty giant has finally just gotten old and needs to be torn down. I mean, their main attraction is an act I remember from the 80s. They let the room Frank Sanatra sang in rot with nothing happening in it. The hotel itself isn't very clean, and over all it's just a really sad experience. I stayed here for over a week for a convention I was attending at the Riviera. I have to say I was not impressed with their convention space either. It was limited, and wasn't a huge fan. The only redeeming quality surprisingly enough, was the Buffet on site. It actually was pretty decent.
1	Dirty, elevator seems like its going to break. Crappy service. But heck u get what u pay for!
1	My room wasn't available even though I booked it 3 months + ahead of time. They gave us a smoking room instead and if we wanted something else it would have been extra money per night. When we got into the room, it wasn't that clean, the sheets had a couple stains on them, there wasn't a refrigerator nor was there a microwave. When I called and asked about it, they gave me major attitude and snapped at me even though I made sure to be polite and nice when speaking, regardless that I was upset. The sink didn't drain and neither did the bath tub. It seems like we got the last room available because it was on the far end of the hotel and was the very last one at the end of a really long smelly hallway. Called house keeping for more towels and soap, never received them. For two nights and three days it was only $124, which isn't too bad. You get what you pay for I guess.
5	So I booked this hotel Wed-Sat with my husband and some friends. We weren't exactly "on a budget" but last time we came to Vegas we were NEVER in our hotel room so we honestly felt it was pointless to pay so much for really just a bed and a shower. I started reading reviews.. a bit obsessively.. because I was thinking, "omg... I have made such a huge mistake... we should have opted for a place with at least AVERAGE reviews..." because lets be honest, these reviews are horrriibblleeee! Well whatever, I didn't cancel because I kept telling myself "we will never be in there. we will never be in there." We checked in at 6pm with Sherry, who was sooo sweet and extremely professional! So there's one thing that was already looking up-- then we got our room keys and the nerves kicked in again. So we go to our room... we open it.. and ta-da! NOTHING WRONG WITH IT!!!! Solid win. For $50/night? Honestly.. I have no idea why people even complain... Red Roof Inns by airports aren't even $50/night... military hotels aren't even $50/night! YOU ARE ON THE STRIP OF LAS VEGAS PEOPLE. A bit far from the popular hotels but it is definitely walkable.. and there public transportation. It was NOT "luxurious" but the room did not smell, it was not dusty (I am highly allergic, so I would know.), the bathroom was clean, there was a mini-fridge... tv had limited channels but again, we were rarely in there. We would wake up, hit up the casino bar to get in on the $3cocktails then head to Peppermill for mimosas with our breakfast.. which was next door. ALSO, the slot machines were pretty "loose." I ended up just playing slots to fund my food and drinks for the day lol! I won over $100 on a couple of machines.. my husband and friend always played the Michael Jackson one, I always went for wheel of fortune and got lucky almost every time. Ok, now here's the thing. I went to see my friend's room (who was in the "old" tower) to see if the rooms are consistent.. and they are NOTTTT. His room DID have a funky odor... carpet was beige so you can definitely see stains all over the place.. but the room was bigger than ours. If we had gotten that room, I probably would have gone back to Sherry to get a room change honestly... that smell was a bit too funky for my taste lol. I honestly think that if you are not checking in too late or going on a busy weekend, you will get a great deal. It seems like the worst reviews on here are from people who have late flights and check-in after all the "good" rooms have been given away. I would also suggest to ask for a room at the Monaco Tower if available.Bottom line, I would MOST DEFINITELY stay here again. We would walk the whole strip during the day, stopping by bars to keep up our "buzz".. cab it back to the Riviera and get ready for the night and leave again. I hope this review was helpful, and I hope that those who are having second thoughts staying at the Riviera will have a little relief lol. Also, you get free tix upon check-in for the comedy show.. it was pretty funny, I enjoyed it. **side note, one of our friends lives in Vegas and he said the area is not that safe for a female to walk around by herself at night.. although that should be the rule anywhere.. be a little cautious. we were. **oh, and the night before we left we got foot massages at one of those Korean places nearby.... best.. decision... ever.......
2	I want to give this hotel a decent rating for two reasons. First, because the housekeeping staff was responsive and delightful and also because the "renovated room" I stayed in did actually seem to be recently redone and it was fairly clean. These two points are the only reason I am not giving one star, because everything else about the hotel was awful. The hotel lobby and attached casino were dirty, old, and rather creepy which, of course, attracted dirty, creepy clientele. There were never enough staff members at the front desk so the line was always impossibly long and I witnessed outbursts by rude guests on several occasions. This is not the place I would ever recommend coming for productive business trips or relaxing pleasurable vacation. Yuck!
4	Based on the buffetFree if you sign up for a players card! If your in Vegas ride the deuce up here and have a free meal! The food was good considering it was free... Even the drink is included!
3	Surprisingly less bad than I always imagined. Parking is a mess, but that is true of most of Vegas. The  part of the hotel we walked through was well maintained and even made for some awesome pictures. We had been up there to attend a costume wedding, with a small pre-reception reception in the couples suite. The room was quite decent sized and reminded me of a time share. It had a great balcony with a view of the strip.Overall, the time there was decent and I would go back.
4	For the price, this is a 5 star hotel. It's incredibly inexpensive, and the location isn't all that bad. Sure, it's the north end of the strip, but it is ON the strip, at least. Plus it's right next to Wynn and Encore, that's pretty cool.As far as the casino, it's rather small and dated. But it is clean, at least, and there's plenty of air circulation. Drink service was pretty spot on. We did most our gambling elsewhere, however.The room was surprisingly modern. Carpet, beds, TV, furniture all must have been replaced in the last couple years i'd guess. I was quite happy with it overall. Had a nice view of the pool, and a lil bit of the strip.As far as bang-for-the-buck, this place is tough to beat
1	Zero stars!! By far worst hotel, service, and most disgusting place I've ever been too! This place is awful and the customer service is twenty times worse!! Never ever will I return!!
2	Heard this place was okay if you just needed somewhere clean and affordable. So when I spotted a discount deal for $55 nt that they were offering so I jumped on it. The catch however is that the booking was non-refundable. I thought ok no worries if I need to cancel they'll just credit me and I can use it next time I head to Vegas since I go there at least 6 times a year. Well I did end up needing to cancel but when I called I was told there wouldn't be a credit! So beware of discount deals from this place. It's at the very far end of the strip and not worth the attention if they can't accommodate potential customers.
1	The hotel has a very confusing layout. Had to go to the back of the hotel to mess around with the parking. The parking garage is very small and confusing. The lobby was like entering a set of a 1970s tv show. Mirror chandeliers and out dated carpet. The check in line was very long and they only had 4 people checking guests in. I requested top floor and only got 17! I received 5749. I said there was no way that the room was on the 57th floor because the building didn't even look like it past 20 floors. We walked to the elevators which are beyond outdated. Scratched and scrapped up gold walls and Mirrors, doors and floors. I looked at the wall of buttons to push my floor and it had numbers 47-61? With arrows and other room numbers. I pushed 57 which is where my room was.  Got off and the sign in the hall said 17th floor but all the other signage says 57 but clearly we were not 57 stories high above the Vegas nightlife. It is extremely confusing and makes no friggin sense. That's all I ever heard the other guests complain about. The room we got was a "luxury" in the "renovated" Monoco tower. "Renovated is an understatement! I think the last time it was update was in the 90's. The carpet on the halls was stained. The room doors are an old wood type very dark and ugly. The room was worse. It smells like mold as door are you open the door. The room was certainly not "luxury" nor updated. The bathroom was terrible. Ugly old 1970's yellow bathroom tile and shower and old outdated bathroom fixtures. The shower head was the worst I ever had in a hotel. Everything in the room was dirty. The rugs the ceiling in the bathroom stains on the carpet. The desk and the pictures looked like it hadn't been dusted in years! The windows were absolutely disgusting and dirty. The view was pretty good except the view of the ugly buildings and dumpsters but overall it was a nice view. The bed was pretty comfortable I was surprised. The fridge didn't work and we had to tell them 3 times to replace it and they never did! We came one night and there was absolutely no parking! All the garages were filled and even valet was full! The one night we did valet the car it took almost 30 mins to get the car. And they were very short handed.  I didn't have any change to tip on me except a large bill so I went in the hotel to front desk and asked for change and the older lady told me no and I had to walk to the casino which was on the other side of the hotel to the cage to break it. Really? You can't give me some change? I'll never come back to this place. The casino was horrible. They advertise $1 blackjack and only have it On 1 table! Really? And they only had 3-4 other BJ tables but the min was $25. Really? The slots sucked and so did the players club which gave me a. $3.00 crappy shirt for joining and spending all my money in their hotel. The restaurants suck and are fast food places. Please update it. You can still have the history and old charm if you just update the dam place! Absolutely the worst! Save your time and energy and stay and play somewhere else!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. We were looking for a deal for a last minute trip to Vegas. For $88 a night, The Riviera was the winner! We checked in and asked if there was an upgrade and they showed us pictures of the newly renovated rooms. For the price of the upgrade, it seemed like it was totally worth it! We made it up to the room and opened it... And we were sorely disappointed. The room was a little bigger than the normal, but there were 2 full beds (not even queens), no couches (like in the pictures shown to us) and it looked like the decor from the late 80s/early 90s. In the morning, when we took showers, the shower head was broken on the side so when I got out of the shower, there was water EVERYWHERE. After we came back to the hotel, our beds were made and we got new towels but the housekeeping service was bad. There was donut pieces on the floor left from the day before, they threw our complementary toiletries on the counter and they didn't throw away our trash! I mean, come on! All we did the whole time was complain. Broken drawers, bad sheets, horrible pillows. Needless to say, we will never go back to the Riviera again.
5	Maybe we just lucked out, but my friend and I have had a great Veterans Day weekend here at the Riviera. Front desk staff was friendly and efficient. Valet guys were cheerful and willing to help with directions. Even called us by name when we returned. Room in the new tower was spotlessly clean, beds very comfy, smoke free and fridge as promised. Pool was closed but we learned that's pretty standard this time of year. The filets we had at R steakhouse were wonderful, and the free comedy show was entertaining. Yeah, the place is dated but we had no complaints. Maybe it's karma. Being nice to people never hurts.
2	Not terrible for the price. Our experience is best summed up in a list of Pros & Cons.Pros:-Wicked cheap! If you are looking to go to Vegas on a budget and don't plan on spending a ton of time in your room (who would in Vegas?) it's worth considering.-Comfortable beds.-Great fitness facility - equipment is new and the view from the 12th floor location is great.-Good restaurants on site.-Freebies! We received a coupon book with some great discounts to shows and restaurants on site as well as two free tix to the comedy show which was awesome!Cons:-While they play up the retro/classic angle quite a bit the hotel is old and outdated. If you are looking for a new hotel or a themed experience (a la a Luxor for example), stay elsewhere.-The bathroom in the room is pretty tiny. Really. Like peeing in a closet. I had to shut myself in and sweat it out while blow drying my hair because otherwise my elbow was hitting the door.-Parking is a big issue. We had a rental car and drove to several casinos while in town, not having any problems parking in any of their garages. It might be beneficial for the Riviera to look at expanding their garage or designating it for hotel guests only. After spending a day out and about the Vegas area I was incredibly annoyed that as a paying guest upon my return I had to go and park in the convention center's ramp and hoof it back to the hotel after a long day. The Riviera's garage and all adjacent lots were completely full. Well, at least we thought it was full. Although parking attendants were directing traffic away from the garage, it appeared that there were plenty of spots open outside of the valet area. -Your Do Not Disturb sign means nothing. When staying at a hotel, unless I plan to be there for five days or more I usually forgo maid service. This particular trip we were staying only three nights, so I set out our Do Not Disturb sign. On our last night there we arrived back at our room to find our Do Not Disturb sign missing and our room "cleaned" (I use quotation marks because other than the beds being made and clean towels being put out it really hadn't been touched). Not only that, but we requested late check out (noon) for the next day and then had a maid walk into our room at 8 AM! Then again right at 11! This is the situation I was least happy with. Be advised that your Do Not Disturb sign is not a guarantee and anytime you are in the room it's best to put the chain on the door. I was going to discuss this with the desk upon check out, but the line was so long that we simply dropped our keys and left. If not for the parking and the issues with housekeeping I would have given Riviera three stars. Overall it's not bad for the price - great if you are trying to do Vegas on a budget, but don't expect a perfect experience.
3	If you can get the upgraded rooms go. If not pass. The upgraded rooms look and sleep nice. The older ones are shabby. i would avoid them. This is a nice cheap hotel north strip. If you are on a budget i would check out prices here. They are uaualy on the inexpensive side compared to others.
1	Worse Customer Service PERIOD! Never come back here again! From front desk to Manager they are all rude. We got the luxury  room booked with 2 double bed. They gave us King bed and my mom end up sleeping on folding bed. Talk to the manager if she can move us to another said NO. Once you get a room, you will never able to move to another room. When we got in the room, the bath tub has 2 long hair! DO NOT BELIEVE the Hotel Amenities: saying they have Sauna, Steam room. NO,  THEY DO NOT HAVE THOSE. I would recommend downtown hotels or the expensive hotels.
4	Came down here for some gambling on a recent trip and had a great time.  The staff was incredibly friendly, and I got a free t-shirt.  The only thing was the first time I came in, the heat was almost unbearable!  I came back the next day and was fine.  Played some blackjack and won a ton of money, which was good.  They have a few good blackjack tables, watch out for the 6:5 blackjack, they're awful.
1	So much for the idea of seeing a show, it was more like listening to a show. DO NOT SEE SHOWS HERE!!!!!
1	I can't even begin to describe this evening...  First, our reservation was cancelled by the internet company we booked with....  Luxury rooms in the newly renovated Monaco Towers ---  hmmm...  That was the first scam.Then, given a room, opened the door only to find it occupied.  No sorry, but moved to another room, with a promise they would be calling security.Get into the room, tired, worn carpets with quite a bit of dirt... But topped off when we discovered "semen" stained sheets.  We will be moving tomorrow,,Stay away!
1	The Riviera hotel in Las Vegas has been the worst experience I have ever had in Las Vegas... The reservations clerk was friendly and made arrangments for a "pet room" so we could bring along our injured cat. When we arrived to check-in, they refused us a room and told us that cats weren't allowed on the property. When I told them that I had been promised (and booked) a room several days in advance and had been given assurances that my room would accomodate my cat - the front desk manager got rude and snotty with us, refused to discuss/assist us and refused to let us talk to a higher up.  This is unacceptable and I am amazed that not only is it a run down dive, they have no concern whatsoever about the guests that provide their income nor do they have any integrity whatsoever.I highly encourage anyone with pets (or without for that matter!) to go across the street to Circus Circus or to the nearby Hilton.
4	Over the last two years, I've gone to Las Vegas 4 times. I've stayed at the Wynn, Harrah's, Excalibur, and The Riviera. Obviously the Wynn is the most luxurious and newest and loved my stay there. Other than that, the Riviera has been my favorite. The staff member that checked us in was great, funny, and quick. We didn't wait in line long. Once we got to the room it was the perfect size. There was even a maid/cleaning staff person that greeted us and told us to contact her if we need anything. No staff member has ever done that at the other hotels. The bathroom was a little small but it was just right for two people. The only negative was that a hair was laying across the shower floor which was a bit gross. The casino itself is a little outdated but what do you except from a casino that was built in the mid 1950's? There were few food options. I will say that the worker that was selling pastries and coffee at their small kiosk near the back elevators was bit rude. I was standing waiting there to get a slice of cheesecake and she ignored me while she talked to another staff member. I left and went across the street to McDonalds where I got better service. I like the cheap price of this hotel and all the coupons they give you. It's not as packed as other casinos and it does not reek of smoke like Excalibur. If you just want a place to sleep and shower, this is the place. If you want luxury, go somewhere else.
1	Rating is A Zero!!! The Riviera needs to be shut down honestly, it is old, out-dated, and smells of sewer and Cigarette smoke. Even for its low price ppl deserve better.  My boyfriend and I checked in on nov.24th 2013 only to check back out a hr or two later.  The pillows was covered in slob and smelled of morning breath, heat didnt wrk and it was cold and rainy that week.  Plz dnt stay here Staff was nice tho! Thats the only nice thing
2	Well i will say first off that I have stayed at this hotel before and I thought it was decent for the price and age. Is it a luxury stay as if you are in the big name casinos on the strip? No, but for the price it is not a bad place. The last trip to Vegas we got a Groupon deal which was nice. However; after watching numerous episodes of #HotelImpossible it has made my attention to detail a little better. Overall the room was clean but the cabinets and picture frames look as if they were not dusted in a few weeks or better. The bathroom was clean by a child's standard but it could have been done a bit better. Outside of that it was clean enough for me. The only other thing i would say is that when i asked for a few extra towels for the room i was challenged and given a hard time before receiving the towels. The casino was clean, but a dated and the drink staff were great. Would i go back? Definitely, it is in  a decent location within walking distance of other casinos and the convention center and the pricing is good.
3	I recently stayed here on a recent trip to Las Vegas. I have to say that it is a great deal especially for being near the Strip. Although it is the strip, but not at the core, where the other megaresorts are at, however it is still a prime location to be near those resorts and different places to go have fun. The Riviera is in fact the oldest casino and resort on the Strip, which means the facilities are a bit dated. The hotel room was decent, but a bit dated. I guess the hotels need a bit of renovating and freshen up. I understand they may be losing money, but I guess if they can offer some good new rooms with some accommodations to keep prices affordable can be great. I mean $34 a night is not bad on the weekend compared to many places on the Strip that can charge a lot more. All I have to say is the price you pay is what you get and pretty much if you are looking for a room without the many amenities of the megaresorts, this is the place to go to. I actually liked this place and would definitely stay here again.
4	Service was great,rooms were clean,we had to call room service in order for them to bring us some more towels. They didn't clean the room while we were away on the strip which could be a good thing and bad thing. But overall great service. I'll only recommend that they put in iPod docks so we can listen to soft music while taking a shower or unpacking.
4	So, like any person plugged into the 21st Century I read all the reviews and was instantly nervous. But thank god I have a mind of my own.This hotel is really cute, old fashion and has a lot to offer those with little to no expectations. My best friend  and I stayed in a deluxe suite, which was really big and nice, and also had a view of the strip. Although there was a hiccup with our reservation, I still give this hotel 4 stars. The casino was okay, I had fun in there.Basically, this hotel is inexpensive, and cute. I think what makes it "trashy" is the people who frequent it.Also, don't listen to the angred folks down below- if you want a Hilton experience then go to the Hilton.
3	Had two rooms: #3335 & #3338 in San Remo (old tower), no bed bugs. #3335 had ripped wallpaper, mold in bathtub, hard to press button on thermostat, door needed some luck to open, carpet is old, beds were comfortable, water temperature not controlled- hot water extremely hot, there is a duct tape on the side of the TV that's marked "good", there's no keyboard in room, beds are double not queens, same can be said for #3338. Pool had debris on the floor near shallow end but enjoyed their "beach party" feel of music blasting, wear slippers near pool concrete is extremely hot during day, perfect around 9am because pool is surrounded by hotel towers. Parking is confusing at first coming from Las Vegas strip because hotel registration is on back on paradise road.
3	1. Very easy to connect to wifi in room which is a plus. No wifi throughout the hotel though. 2. Very big but dated room. My room had a old school thermostat, drapes, and a school-style toilet with x sinks. It had 1970's tile everywhere. Shower didn't feel like a power wash but could have been taller and stronger. I guess I got a truly classic Vegas room! 3. Very good value for the money. Parking is a pain and check-in took forever but you get what you pay for. This hotel always has some of the cheapest rooms on the strip. 4. No more buffet when you sign up for the players card! You get a free t-shirt instead!
1	I think if you stay there for free you're paying too much, another thing if you book 2 rooms together good luck you'll never get it in that place, and try to reason with the front desk and don't even bother asking for a manager to talk to, I think you better respect yourself a little bit more and go to a nicer hotel
2	Not memorable.  Across the street from the nasty filthy Circus Circus.  Nothing around it.  Nothing in it either.  Small casino that you get bored with quickly.  No valet.  Must be the only casino in Vegas without one.  Parking is far away.  Why would anyone come here?
1	Literally the saddest place on earth. Booked online ahead of time. Was told when we got there that our reservation was a "suggestion" and there were no king beds and no non smoking rooms. BUT! For more money we could get the room we booked- sans the king bed. Sigh. This place is at the end of the strip... There is nothing down here (besides the taco place- gordo?? Idk). I get that this place is historic, but that's no excuse. The rooms were awful, really a photo means a thousand words so check mine out. Listen. Just don't stay here. You're in Vegas... You deserve better baby.
4	I stayed here for 2 nights using Casablanca Express as my travel agent.  It was super cheap! I paid $25 (after all my stacked discounts) total. For the value, this definitely deserves 4 stars.My experience: As soon as I drove into the parking lot I knew it was going to be ghetto. I mean, come on, the parking lot was hidden in the back and a guard was checking people. Anyway, I enter and there is a long check in line. I'm not complaining but it did take a while for me to check in. I stayed in the "new" Monaco tower. Overall my room was very clean and the hotel performed good house keeping services for me. There were no stains on the furniture or walls so that's good (I saw the white stained chairs in some yelp pics and that's why i'm mentioning it LOL). Pros:-CHEAAAPPP!!!!!!!-clean (Monaco towers at least)cons:-its on the strip, but not really (end of north)-creepers everywhere I would stay here again only if I paid a price similar to what I paid for this trip. This place is a good place to just shower and sleep, but not to stick around and do anything else.
4	Stayed here the day before New Years with fiancee and sister and her fiance. The rooms were nice and average size. Bathroom was very small but we made it work, vanity was actually located outside the bathroom which helped when getting ready. The parking is hard to locate, going through the front entrance I went around three times (it was a bit confusing to get to the additional parking). The additional parking was located in the back of the hotel approx a block down. I like the old Vegas feel and this hotel has it... brings the history of Vegas to the strip. The staff was wonderful and very friendly. Very impressed with the attentiveness of the staff, even as waited in line to check in they were offering bottle waters with the hotels logo for your comfort as you wait to check in. There are no good places to eat at this location and walls are very thin and I could hear my partying neighbors at 3am. Other than that I love the 70s feel.
2	This hotel is old and needs a lot of refurbishing.  The The decor is very old and looks very 70-ish not a great experience!  There is hundreds of places you can stay and get a better experience, you can stay in your car and get a better experience than staying at the Riviera!
4	Ok, there are WAY nicer places to stay on the strip, it is for sure nowhere near a 4 star  hotel (though they do have 3)BUT, we got a free stay, only paying the $15 resort fee, that alone was worth the almost 3 hour drive to Vegas.The rooms were huge and very clean.Service excellent, check in a breeze.We didn't eat, drink or gamble at the hotel, there wasn't any options that stuck out as needing to try, but location wise it is not bad.Across from the Circus Circus and next to the Wynn, which we went to for drinks that night.I wouldn't go out of my way to book this hotel again, but should it be the cheapest on my next trip and I am looking to spend more time outside than in, i would not hesitate to stay here again.Free parking close to the casino, great views of the Wynn and the strip from my window, I have no complaints other than it is dated.
1	Booked thru expedia for 20 bucks plus 15 for resort fee (bs) What resort? First of all we arrived early so got to check in early so that was nice, they gave us a room in th Monte carlo tower receptionist offered us an upgrade to a remodeled room for an extra 15, we declined because we were only there for one night we got lost going to our room because the lady gave us the wrong directions, the nice security guy by the pool gave us the right directions. The room was def. outdated but for one night and the fact that we spent our time out in the strip didn't have to be stuck in that room. Slept well (alcohol helped) loud ac. Will only stay here again if its the same price and I'm staying one night.
4	Came to the Riviera for CES and I have to say it really is a decent hotel for business travel considering how most of the time I was out working anyway and the location was a fairly short walk to the LVCC which was great since the shuttles had horrible lines and 40 minute waits. The staff was always friendly both at the 3am check in and during the morning rush to check out.  While the building is old,  the rate is fairly reasonable and the rooms are decent. If you want a flashy casino,  then definitely go elsewhere,  but for a great value, the Riviera is great.
1	The check-in time is ridiculous!! I've had to wait several times for over an hour to check-in no matter what time of the morning or night it is. All the kiosks are down. For the same price I won't come back I'll just go to Hooter's. They have absolutely no waiting times. This is simply unacceptable. I know your a classic Vegas hotel but get it together!
4	Can't beat the price and it gives you a feel of Old Las Vegas! Clean and comfy beds also. In addition the wicked Vicky tavern is awesome.  Friendly bartenders and good food!
4	After reading alot of negative stuff about the Riveria I was quite apprehensive about my stay..  When I arrived I used the quick check in on the machine no problem, easily beating the line of people waiting at the desk. The room #3243 in the San Remo Tower was good clean and we got room service everyday. As for the parking I parked in the multistory walked to the elevator which dropped you off on the opposite side of the road to the entrance. The maximum you would have to walk was about 200ft to the elevator then across the road at the bottom. Checked out on the machine in no time. All in all a great stay I would recommend the Riveria. Cannot comment on the food as I did not eat there, I did get a coffee and bagel which was good.
3	I feel like someone's enjoyment of the Riviera will depend on what they are planning on doing in Vegas. I do not have a ton of money. Going to stay at a hotel on the strip, like the Cosmo, where I would long to stay is unrealistic. The Riviera is cheap and for my friends and I, that is its most redeeming part. The room is small, there is nothing to eat there, pillows kinda suck, and my coax in the TV was loose. Damn everything about the $15 resort fee. But at least it was a home base. For the purpose of attending the convention center (CES for me) it is perfect short walking distance. If you're going better places to gamble and eat, and dont mind tracking back to a less than idea room, then come enjoy the price of the Riviera. Its not miserable, and its far from great, but enjoy your time outside the room!
4	I can't believe what a great deal this hotel was for my wife and I. We booked with a friend for a dirt-cheap deal, so our initial thought was that it was going to be dirty and/or an awful experience.Checking in was the only downside to this hotel. It did take a little bit of time waiting when we checked in early evening on a Sunday, but the man helping us was friendly and used a map to guide us around.The room was SPOTLESS, not to mention a lot bigger than where we usually stay (The Quad). The bed was cozy enough, and we had no trouble sleeping. The shower is huge with a shower head designed for the vertically inclined. Despite not having basic things like a coffee maker or microwave, we had a decent view, and you can't go wrong with the location.The casino is less smoky than most, and if you're looking for a late-night snack, the food court has a few options open until midnight and two open 24hours. Super convenient when you're stumbling in off the strip and starving.Overall, we had a fantastic experience here and will definitely come again.
1	This is a true dump! The registration staff is as close to the bottom of the barrel as it get! I am only staying here because of a stupid convention I'm attending here. This place blows!!!!!! It deserves negative stars!!!
3	Great value and easy to base from in LV.  Lines for everything .  Here is a hint for increased revenue Riv.  Don't make people wait in 50' lines for coffee, water, dinner reservs and check in.  Dollars are just walking out the door
1	Absolutely worst hotel experience of my life. I mean it was cheap, but seriously?! It's glory days have come and gone and this place needs to be imploded already. No coffee maker in the nasty room so prepare to wait in line at the Java Hut to wake yourself from the horrible nights sleep you just got. This place is on it's last leg. Help to put it out of its misery by not giving it any of your money...
5	Holy bajeezus this place needs a better star rating!!! Sure its a clash of eras!!! Employees around the entire place can be hit & miss as far as attitude/service goes but all in all its probably the hippest secret in town.  I've met cooler people & seen a way younger crowd here then any of the over a 100$ a night places further up the strip.   Riviera is about 35$ a night (book orbitz its 18$ with a 15$ fee charge once you get to the hotel.  100$ DEPOSIT though so be prepared. I wasnt and my family had to be emailed a credit authorization form - print- sign and send it back via email.  After that they charged everything to my relatives card and I was in  :) Be prepared to wait at front desk though.  Their defintly understaffed - I tried to call the front desk and waited for 30 minutes before I decided to just physically go down.  Make sure you find out what floor and by what room your nearest ice machine is when checking in.  There is a airport shuttle but call to schedule the day before too! Front desk gives you the # to call from your room 8-444-1234.  Bell hop locked up my bags twice for me! Their out front of the main entrance at the stand.  Their usually busy so if nooone shows up ask the little desk to the right of the main entrance once your inside ( great place to ask questions like where is the lost & found too)I tried all the reastaurants and their decent.  GF beer and cider at Wicked Vickys.  24 hour Indian food in the court.  Awesome happy hour apps & drinks at the Steak & Shrimp joint. Plus the casino bar has 2$ wells and 1$ drafts. Im a rum/pineapple person...  great deal in my opinion!!! Theres a SAFE,  Mini. FRIDGE,  a Vanity and Mirrored doors in my room (9th floor Mediterranean South tower) PLUS their toiletries are organic!!! Flat screen. Tv and decent climate control/water temperature/ water pressure.  Everything and where is clean!!! I never use a places towels or bed linens without at least my own sheet on the bed.  This place I didnt even bother using my own.  Theres definitly a clash of eras - my fixtures/ windows are 70s/ curtains 80s and wall paper 90s.  The carpet is new and the older casino carpet still looks new. Theres some wear & tear here and there - but seriously its still luxury at the cheapest price on the strip.  Ok so service - the first front desk lady,  a barista at the banana cafe,  a wicked vickys waitress and a few bartenders at the casino where h o r r i b l e staff!!!  But I dealt with two other front counter people,  shrugged off the barista and didnt tip the servers (wicked vickys other floor server got mamagement for me & they discounted my ticket- super clash of eras here too) Moneygram is within walkin distance to CVS - walgreens is the opposite direction.  Theres a awesome arcade by the food court.  Subway & Mcdonalds across the street  Ill be back!!!
2	My allergies were acting up everytime we were in our room. We noticed black mold growing in the shower stall. Then we pulled the pillowcases off the pillows  and discovered a horrible surprise. All 3 pillows were so old and stained with yellow. ????? Called front desk and was told mgmt would be right up, waited 1 hour and no show. So we left and checked out.  It rained in Vegas and we couldnt believe how many leaks the hotel had.  Management really doesnt seem to care here !!!
1	They get 1 star because of the 1 concierge guy that was friendly, otherwise I would give 0 stars if I could.Where do I start?1) Check-in took us 1 hr. Only 2 people were working the desk and the "self check-in" kisok was broken.2) Finally made it to the room and it was freezing bc the 1980's style AC unit was on blast. Annoying, but not a deal breaker. Not until we took off our shoes and the entire carpet was damp, like Stanley Steemer was just there. Gross, who knows what soaked the carpet. All our bags got wet along with our socks. Attempt #2. They upgraded us to a suite (score!), and everything was seemingly good until I sat on the bed and something poked me. THERE WAS A SAFETY PIN STICKING OUT FROM UNDERNEATH THE SHEETS. Can you say safety hazard? Who knows if the needle was infected with something (hepatitis, HIV or something else?!). I'm praying it wasn't.Can't get worse, right? I went to shower and to my surprise, some curly little black hairs greeted me from the base of the tub! Gag. Guys, don't stay here. Just don't.
2	So, the long and short of the Riviera is that it's inexpensive, the rooms are clean and reasonably well maintained, and it's near the convention center.  Other than that, it's not much to speak of.  I booked my room well in advance, and neglected to check the rates a few days before my trip.  As it turns out, the rate I booked was a bit higher than what was available the day I traveled.  The front desk was not willing to adjust my rate, and the upgrade they proposed was about $60/day.  Not a show-stopper, but it would have been a nice customer service moment.  The property is right on the strip, but at the moment it's located in somewhat of a dead zone, since there were a few casinos nearby that closed, a few projects on hold, and not much else.  Location-wise, it's great for the convention center access, a 15 minute walk, but the fun doesn't really start until you get to the Wynn, which is a few blocks away.  The casino is pretty run of the mill, and more something you'd see downtown these days in Vegas.  They have no poker room, which was a big disappointment. Apparently the nearest poker room was either the Wynn (expensive) or the Las Vegas Hilton, just off the strip.  I only ate in the hotel once, at the food court, and it was pretty lousy.  They do have a steakhouse that is supposed to be very good, however.  The convenience store they have is pretty well stocked, so if you forget something, they probably have it.  They have a pool area outside, but nothing inside; the pool would probably be a nice option in the summer.  This brings me to the resort fee.  $15/day, basically for so-so WiFi access.  They promote "free" use of the in-room safe, local calls, and the fitness center.  Again...just like the airlines...stuff we used to get included is now a la carte.  They provide a coupon book with a number of things you can get for half off, BOGO, etc.  I didn't find them particularly useful.  Overall, the price is good, and it's certainly not scary, but if you're looking to have an elegant time in Vegas, this place probably isn't for you.  It's a relic of the "old" Vegas, and unfortunately it just can't keep pace.  If this place were downtown, it'd fit right in, but on the strip I think it's just biding its time before someone makes the right offer and it's torn down and replaced with something a little more modern.
3	Welcome to Vegas, one of the most scandalous cities in all of the USA, woooo!!I have crashed at most of the other hotel/casino spots in Vegas that are a bit more pricey but I don't know why this hotel has a 2 star rating, I had a goodass experience. The room was clean, they didn't have bed bugs or any nasty weird stains or any of that. I mean, yeah sure the closet is bigger than the restroom but that's not a big deal I guess. The staff was decent didn't have a good not bad experience. The slots did me good, I won $90 within a half an hour on the slots do that's cool with me. It's fairly close to a lot of food joints and little shops and not that far from old town Vegas. The crowd was a mixture of people so that was cool too. The pools were drained that is the only real negative I guess. Anyway, I would drop by if I was ballin' on a budget.
4	This is by far the best deal in Las Vegas. I am address to even stay at other hotels because I have seen rooms that are over 100 bucks a night that are way worse than the Riviera, which ends up being about 10 bucks a night, 25 after resort fees. Large casino, comedy club with the occasional big name headlining, crazy girls topless revue, good court, restaurants, and amazing bar. The rooms have pretty new showers, and nice big flat screen TVs. Compared to a lot of other hotels at the strip with old CRT televisions. The self parking is huge, as is the rest of they building, they also have a tattoo place, ABC Stores and conference centers that often have fun shows and the like. I only give it 4 stars because it isn't exactly luxury, but it is definitely the best value.
1	I have to agree with all the other bad reviews. 1.)Rooms are super old, but maybe you need to request certain towers. Did check for bed bugs because me and my daughter were itchy. But didn't see any.2.)They double charged and now is taking me 3 calls to get refund so I think I'll have to dispute with my bank.3.)Check in needs serious help in what's called customer service :/ they told me to come back to check in when as soon as I left they were checking in other guest. So I stood and watched for 10min and every single person was being checked in so I sent my husband and bingo we were in. 4.) Empty pool was a bit weird to me.Regardless of it being winter you do have resort fees!5.)all I can say is you get what you pay for.In my case I'm paying double so I end up paying what would of been a decent place.
1	The only way I would go back to the Riviera is to watch it get imploded to make way for another hotel. Here's why:-Dirty, worn out, and tired (smelly!) Most of this hotel seemed broken. Elevator buttons, drawers in room, and perhaps my favorite, blood smeared on the wall of the walkway wall up to the parking. -Staff. They don't want you to stay there. At least, that is the impression I got. You are welcomed by a long line (I stayed for 7 days, and most of the time, the line was horrendous) Sure, other hotels have long lines too. But they generally have more than two staff working the front desk. I watched the people in front of me getting chewed out for asking about a tacked on fee, and I was next in line when I mentioned that I was disappointed that the internet didn't work despite paying a "resort fee" to use it. Reservation said it goes to pay for the internet, parking (which was PACKED) and some other crap I didn't use, but most of it wasn't working or available. Still, the $15 got charged. No apology or attempt to fix the broken internet.-They ream you for EVERYTHING they can. You can't get to your room by being approached by a time share salesperson (they dont seem to learn) and even getting mail to the hotel (I forgot my license and had to have it shipped) had a $5 pick up fee. And, no, they don;t call you. -The hotel IS close to the strip, but its not a very comfortable walk there. Between the Riviera and the Encore there is a strip mall and parking lot that garners some less than favorable activity at night. Its not really a safe place to walk on your own after 10.-Three classes of rooms, but they;re all crap in some way. I had a standard, and although it was outdated it was the largest room they have available of the three categories (per reservations) Unfortunately, the hotel lights shone right into my window. The luxury rooms are cramped, and the showers are AWFUL and don't get warm.-Housekeeping does not understand the "do not disturb" thing on the doorknob. However, they are more than happy to make sure you do not miss the gratuity envelope by placing it in a new creative place daily. Just in case you don't notice.-The pool is a joke. It was closed, but its small and very unappealing.-Reservations is done by an outside service. They do not send good confirmation paperwork, don't have good hotel info, and don't necessarily get your reservation right. Good luck.-Not family friendly. Of all the casinos, I found this one advertised their sex show the most and with the most explicit photo. Would hate to explain it to the kid in the elevator. Daily.Do yourself a favor, and spend the additional $10 a night to stay at a more decent hotel. There are plenty of better choices.
4	I did not give this a four star rating because it's a true four star hotel. You get what you pay for and I got four nights very cheap, cheaper than I would pay for one night else where. Walking distance to the convention center. I stayed in a standard room. It was dated, not entirely clean and they need to vacuum the common hallway just a tad better. The check in line was not very long and it was the night before a large conference. Internet was slow but it was free. I wouldn't stay here with my wife but for a conference I would stay here again.
3	I stayed here during the Design and Construction Week tradeshow with some trepidation after reading several of the Yelp reviews.  All-n-all, I think it was an ok experience for me. I didn't run into long waiting lines like many people complained about and the staff was very helpful and friendly.  There were some things they can easily improve on though.  For starters they could have nicer bathing soap in the rooms.  It takes half a bar and half an hour to take a shower, but the water was hot so that was a good thing.  The bars and restaurants in the casino need to upgrade their  wine list.  The list were just mediocre at best.  One place only had one white and one red.  Beer or hard liquor were better drinking choices.  My friend was in a much older part of the hotel with the original room fixtures and her experience was not as good as mine.  I think for this hotel you probably should plan on staying in an upgraded room.  It cost a little more but is still under $50.00 a night.  My friend  had problems with the heater and hot water whereas I never did.  So, you may wan to spend just a few more dollars on the room.
4	Stayed for a week in the newly renovated section of the hotel. Not bad; only complaint is the air conditioning unit sounded like a 747 taking off when it would come on... Got used to it after a bit. Very clean and convenient.
1	horrible stay here this past weekend I booked two rooms and I had two children with asthma requested a nonsmoking room at time of booking the gentleman said it was no prob since it was a health issue when I arrived the lady at check in was rushed. when we got to our room it was runned down and smelled like an ash tray one of the kids had to use there inhaler went down to speak to the lady ad she said they don't promise those even with health issues and its basically stay at your own risk after trying to get a manager she gave me a nonsmoking room when we finally got to those rooms one smelled like weed so bad you could smell it outside the door and it was a mess they house keeping came put a machine in there and said we couldn't enter for another hour buy this time it was late and the kids were getting mad so I had to make another trip down stairs only to be treated even worse and be told I should be grateful they came a nonsmoking room in the first place then horrible stay I will never stay there again and I will be sure to never have any of my softball originations stay there as well after it all I came home to another charge a resort fee for every night that's just ridiculous
1	If I could give them 0 stars, I would. You pay a mandatory resort fee of $15 a night that supposedly goes to pool, internet access, parking, fitness center. Their pool is closed until April (not like I would use their dirty pool anyway), parking is impossible to find,  the internet is spotty. Now I have to visit the nasty fitness center to get my $15 worth of this stupid resort fee. I just hope I don't contract anything from the machines. Look, I don't mind paying a resort fee if I feel like I am getting something out of it. In other places I paid higher resort fees and I had access to an amazingly clean fitness center, a great pool, good internet service and hassle free parking. Never staying in this lame hotel ever again. The only reason we made the mistake of staying here this time was because it was a last min trip and it was the cheapest option, and we were trying to save a few bucks. I would have paid a bit more per night to save ourselves from the nasty smoky smell, the gangs of people that look like the dregs of a reality show, really thin walls, dirty rooms, shitty view, and dumb mandatory resort fee. On top of that when I asked the front desk about the resort fee and why I had to pay for it if one of these facilities were closed, she literally laughed and with an attitude, corrected me to tell me that it isn't an optional fee and that it is part of the hotel fee. Wow. I am glad she knows the difference between mandatory and optional. that wasn't my question.
1	Poor quality and customer service. Dirty.  Would never stay there again.
2	We had a 3 night stay here that was part of a promotion.We expected a nice hotel with the name being well known.We had an upgrade, which was probably good. Our room was ok. The biggest complaints were no coffee in the room. Together a cup in the morning I had to go to a coffee shop in the lobby and pay $3.75 for a large cup. The TV stations were very limited too The lobby area, casino and restaurants did not thrill us. I had one breakfast here that was just fair. Service was slow.If you are booked to stay here by a promotional company make them out you into another hotel. CheckYelp, it is right more then wrong.Needless to say, this will be our last visit here
4	This is ALWAYS my go to when I am not trying to spend a lot of money on a room when I go to Las Vegas. ***MAKE SURE YOU REQUEST TO STAY IN THE MONACO TOWER***^ It's renovated tower ^ with better rooms the beds are really comfy everything is clean updated and the shower is hot.It's a little far down on the strip but if you aren't lazy it's a 10-15 min walk to just about the middle of the strip or you can walk to LVH which is next door and take the monorail (which is what I normally do) or if you don't mind spending the money take a $10-20 cab ride. The place is huge so make sure you follow the signs above you or just ask someone who works there. I never had an issue with the staff I've stayed there 3+ times and will continue going back. The wait time to check-in is long if you check-in after 3pm but so is pretty much EVERY hotel on the strip so just expect to wait a little bit. There has been a few times where I was able to check-in early 11am-1pm or so with little to no wait time and they let me just depends on how booked up they are. I don't eat at their food courts because I usually eat elsewhere. But there are a lot of places close. Vegas strip isn't a place to be lazy or nit picky about things because as the old saying goes "you get what you pay for"Definitely recommend staying here but like I said make sure you request to stay in the Monaco Tower.
3	My father recently rolled into town and I asked where he was staying, when he answered the Riviera, I got really snobby and was like, ew. Then I paused to think, when was the last time I was in the Riviera? It could easily have been a decade.When I arrived, I felt more like I was in a downtown casino. The Riviera still has that old Vegas flare. It was old, reeked of stale cigarettes, but there were portraits with dates and famous people (Elvis and the like), and you remember this is where the stars came. This is Vegas as they knew it and loved it.When we arrived to his room, I was surprised at how clean and updated the accommodations were. Flat screen TVs, this was no Motel 6. The room was clean and neat and didn't have that damp nasty hotel-y smell that one might experience, say at the El Cortez.There's really nothing that draws one to the Riviera, it's an outdated properity that lacks a nightclub or cool/hip/trendy lounge/restaurant. They have a comedy club (locals only pay $10), a few restaurants, and just a little pizzazz. The Riviera is A-OK and true gem in my book.
2	This place SUCKS. if you want $1 tables and no wifi, come here. Otherwise, it's crap. Off The main strip, crap service and HORRIBLE everything, you found your hotel. White trash everything. If you respect yourself, don't come here. Coming from a broke guy, most of you white trash peeps will love it. Don't be cheap, get a GOOD hotel.
3	Can't give it full 5 stars because for a classic casino hotel it hasn't kept up to date with their decor. However, for an older casino, they keep their hotel rooms quite clean. The mattresses, sheets, and pillows are comfortable. The bathroom is dated with an old tub, faucet, sink, and flooring. The bathroom door interferes with the sink when attempting to open the door fully.  All in all, for the low rates, comfort, cleanliness, and convenient location on the strip it's a winer for affordable short stays in Vegas. Who stays in their hotel rooms when in Vegas for short visits anyways? You're in Vegas, go have fun and explore!
4	We stayed here pretty cheap. We were in the Mediterranean Tower and it was vwery clean and nice. No smells or problems that I could see. There is no real view except the clown from Circus Circus. Room service was quick and efficient. I would definately stay here again and I have never stayed at the same place twice in Vegas. Thw casino itself is another story.
4	Looking for a fantastic deal in Vegas? This is your place. I'm local, and I've stayed here more times than I can count. You can get a great deal on weekend rooms here, but make sure it's in the renovated wing of the hotel. The rooms are clean, smoke-free, and include modern technologies and amenities (large flat screen TV, iPod dock, etc.). You won't find a better deal for this anywhere on the strip. It's not in the greatest location if you are a tourist on foot- I'll admit that much. But it is next to the best spot to eat in Vegas: The Peppermill. Don't stay at the Riv without eating here. It's also a B-line to downtown and a hop skip and jump onto the freeway. If you are driving, it's in a great area to bypass the strip traffic. Granted, there isn't much to do in the Riv. But, if you are lucky, they'll have someone good playing at their historic comedy club. I've actually seen a lot of good acts here. Also, take a moment to visit the Queen Victoria Pub or the friendly bartenders in the lobby bar by the club. Yes, it's old, it aint that pretty, and it smells like smoke, but isn't that Vegas?I revel in the fact that this casino is outdated and untouched by the renovated glitz of the strip. If you are expecting Cosmopolitan grandeur, than skip this one instead of being a cheap ass and giving this casino a bad review.
1	This piece of prime real estate needs to be torn down and revitalized.  The hotel is in terrible shape....think motel 6.  The casino is not fun.  I spent all my time at other locations.   The staff seems defeated by having to work in this dump.  Only the doorman hailing cabs was able to rise above. There is no reason to stay here.
1	I am only putting one star because apparently I have to give a star even though this place is not worthy of any stars.  I have never had such a horrible experience.  First off we booked 3 rooms and we asked to have them together well we were on the same floor but two of the three rooms were decent sized and ours was a damn cracker jack box in the corner of the building and all the furniture was broken.  Then I call to ask them to move me and I got the rudest front desk manager who proceeded to tell me there was nothing he could do and he couldn't move me because it was after 1pm even though I had just checked in.  Then we get back our room after being out all day and this nasty ass hotel doesn't make your bed nor do they bring you new towels or anything else for that matter..and then they have the nerve to charge you a resort fee....REALLY!! I will never stay in this hell hole ever again!
1	Highly disappointed. Room was ok. You get what you pay for. We came for our wedding and the staff were obnoxiously rude. I could understand if we were rude first but we weren't. From the front desk to the manager they all had a horrible attitude. I wouldn't recommend to anyone
2	I stayed in the hotel as part of a promotion by attending a presentation for a resort. Riviera is old tacky and lousy. We stayed in the non smoking suite. The carpet and room in General were disgusting, the furniture and decor was tacky. The bedroom was nice but the sitting room was tacky I would NOT stay here unless you have no other choice like me - there are so many other amazing hotels on the strip with good deals don't stay here unless you have to
5	I had no problems, the beds were super comfy, I stayed 1 day shy of a week in the Monaco tower. I heard the rest weren't so great. Plenty of places to eat if you get hungry especially near by. Valet parking in the back did a great job!
2	Not recommended.  For only a couple bucks more I could have gotten into a much better hotel on the Strip. Regret the buy and won't make the mistake again.
2	I was staying at the Hilton Grand Vacations across the street and down a way. I ended up gambling at the Riviera every day. Most bartenders at the poker bar are very nice and helpful. Many of the dealers are just nasty! James and Bruce are awesome. After losing hundreds to Tang, without even a smile, I wonder why anyone would keep going back to 3 card poker. If I was with the guys and not my family, I would never play here!
1	Probably the worse place I've stayed at in Vegas. The only reason we did stay here was because our cheap friend had a room. Omg worse decision ever. Even though its dirt cheap, it is not convenient and not worth it. This place is pretty much a dumpster. It is close to the strip, but not close enough to be walking around. Probably will never stay here again unless all the other hotels on the strip are booked.
4	Stayed a week in a one bedroom suite in the Monte Carlo tower. I arrived late, called in and my room was held for. Nice and clean room, only issue is the outdated and torn furniture makes it look tacky but I get it to keep up with the legacy. I called for an extra blanket, and to have my toilet fixed. Was fixed right away. My room was cleaned everyday.  I ate the R and steak during happy hour was good. Ate at the banana leaf that was good. Was it worth what paid for, It purpose was served for me to lay my head at flexible hotel while on my vacation.  Wi-Fi worked, was slow one day I assumed due to maybe an overload of useage. Pool was opened but I didn't get in. The flat screens TVs work, so did the iPod dock. the showers was clean, the hot tub was as well.
1	The Riviera has really gone down hill. From the air conditioning that shakes the whole building, making it feel like an earthquake may be ocurring, to the $4 cup of Pepsi filled with ice that, when it gets accidentally spilled by a sober person, is not replaced, this place utterly lacks class, style and customer service. It is clear (and it has been verbally expressed to us) that the employees don't even like working here. The Riviera is a huge rip off - don't come here! The casino needs to be ripped down - good riddens....
3	Room was comped--  free.  Can't beat that.  Room was clean as was the bathroom.  Nothing fancy, but absolutely satisfactory.  It is a bit out of the way from the main part of the strip.  Would like to be closer to the other major hotels/casinos.Saw the Illusions show.  Theater wasn't the best.  Mostly padded chairs on a couple different levels.  It would have been nice to have been in a better theater for this great performer.WiFi was free!!!  Not sure what resort fee everyone was talking about. . .  I had $0 on my credit card when all was said and done.  Yes, the Riviera is old, but I can't complain.  Nice trip with my aging parents!!
2	Well the saying " You get what you pay for" is certainly true!  I have been here in this hotel for two hours and have already been more than ready to leave! Having to wait in a long line for 30 minutes in unacceptable just to check in. We arrived in our room to find dried urine all over the toilet seat a ball of hair on the floor big enough to make a wig and a large beer stain on the carpet that was still wet. I called the front desk and asked for the manager, and received his voice mail. I informed him of the problems and he assured me that room service would arrive to fix the situation promptly. Well 2 and half hours have passed and the mess is still there. I did win a $1800 jackpot and had to wait for a hand pay and that took 45 minutes~!!!! READY TO MOVE UP THE STRIP!!! This place is a mess!p.s. bring a flashlight to see in the halways its really dark out there
3	i stayed in the luxury room here and it was not bad. I would say it is an okay place. the room was nice but the hotel is quite small and far away from the main part of the strip if you are walking. I heard they have remodeled lately and I did receive a newer room.
1	Experience here this past weekend was just horrible. Booked rooms through hotel.com a month in advance for the Riveria. Check in was great with Cesar who gave us a bit of an upgrade to the new remodeled rooms for only $23 for the weekend which had more vanity space in the restroom and equipped with a fridge. $16.80 resort fee PER night.Walked into our room only to find out the toilet and fridge wasn't working. Called the front desk and 1 hour later, no progress. Decided to walk down to front desk and they told me someone is coming up. 30 minutes later, nothing. This happened twice.. so for a couple hours we were without a working toilet and fridge. Maintenance finally came to fix the toilet, then we got a rolled in fridge because they couldn't fix the one in our room. Our tv was sometime clear and sometimes the waves of static would come through. Horrible service here but I guess you can't expect too much from a run down hotel. You get what you pay for right?Think twice before booking!
1	The hotel is old, the furniture was broken, the non-smoking room had burn stain everywhere (room 3344) San Remo tower...(Riviera Hotel), I emailed the staff with no response whatsoever.  The hotel charges a resort fee (this is a resort?).Will never stay there again and recommend others to stay away, stay far away from Riviera.
4	This review is for the hotel only. I really liked this hotel. It was modern and clean. It is very big which was somewhat overwhelming. The check in line was insanely long!! Luckily we noticed two machines over to the side of the check in desk that check you in and give your keys right away if you already have a reservation. Amazing.
3	it was cool except security asking to see my room key when im trying to take the ladies back to my room
4	The best way to greet guests----with a Smile!We upgraded to a suite and that only added $18 to the tab. Glad we did...very, very big and plenty of room for 3 women to get ready in.  We had a hugh, comfy bedroom with two kings, and a front room/bar, with an extra half bathroom...that's where the comfy part came in.No waiting!Everything was very clean, and some of it updated, but the marble kinda dated it.  But still, comfy.The stores and casino and restaurants are very old school, but still nice.  Only major complaints? Lot's of the gym machines either didn't work, or were kinda outdated.  And not many to go around. And the pool was CLOSED! It was in the 80's and 90's and you couldn't jump in the pool! Just not fair. Keep it open! Nice if you're not going to be hanging at the hotel most of the time, but next time I'm back to Ceasars.
1	This has been the most disgusting experience in my life!! We over paid $288 for two nites. Smelly carpets,bad plumbing water doesn't go down in shower or sink, the window opens  all the way no screen  anyone can fall out from fifth floor. Bt most of all my hubby and I got bitten all over from bed bugs I couldn't take the itchiness at 5 am I had to complaint and switch room at 6am. Asked for rubbing alcohol bell man said they don't carry any. At 11 am we have to  check out it 7 am and I'm still awake smh!!!! Then I find out 3 other people had same problem !! And the new room was dirty wit feces in toilet !!! Omg so disgusting and floor was full of cigarette ash and trash it was never vacuumed Wat a waste of money!!
3	I have always stayed at the more modern hotel/casinos closer to the airport. We thought we would try an old school casino for a change. The price was great, it's not that far from the new strip or downtown. We stayed in the older section of the hotel, which is dated. The restaurants in the hotel are poor to marginal. The pool is pretty nice. This hotel needs a lot of work, and it seems to have had better days in the past. If your looking for a place to crash for a good price, or an old school casino this is the place. I would stay here again.
3	This is an average hotel with great customer service. Stayed here because we got 2 free nights and needed an inexpensive deal for an additional night. We were in town for a LegalShield Convention. We stayed in the newly renovated tower and the room was clean. No coffee pot in room but there was a refrigerator. There were not  many bathroom essentials such as shampoo and lotion, but I called for some and they brought them with no problems.  Great hotel for the price if you are looking for an average room on the strip that is not a dump. The staff were friendly and helpful.
1	Horrible experience Don't stay at this hotel! Front desk manager is terrible Clarissa
2	Amazing price for decent rooms.  But don't plan on spending more than 30 minutes in the casino as it is a secondhand smoke cesspool.
1	The minute you walk up to this hotel, you can smell sewage. It was really gross and all around the entrances. Once you walk in, it's like instantly stepping back into 1970's. You can see why some scenes of the movie "Casino" were filmed here. It is very OLD, smelly, outdated and run down. We would NEVER stay there, but saw swarms of people (most with children) checking in/out. It is very cheap ($30+/- per night) and you get what you pay for. We would never gamble, eat or sleep here, but if you want to see what an old Vegas hotel look like back then, you may find it interesting!
2	check in was long even 10 at night. once through the line we got checked in by a nice friendly lady. We booked a luxury suite in the Monaco tower, the reservation was there and we were on our way up to our room in no time. Once in our room at the 22nd floor, I opened the curtain to see our breathtaking view of the 7th floor of the parking garage where I had parked my rental car. aside from the garage, my only view was into the windows of other rooms. Definitely not breathtaking. The room itself was clean, but very small. Not at all what I expected from a "luxury suite" We tried to watch tv, but the remote didn't work. (dead batteries  assume) so I had to get up to change the channel, turn the volume up/down etc. This is an old run down place, it is located quite a ways from the heart of the strip, surrounded by a denny's restaurant, and a mcdonalds, I heard fire trucks and ambulances 3 different times pulling up to the place even from 22 stories up!! If you are looking for a cheap seedy place to stay, this is for you. I would hate to see what the cheaper rooms looked like. Next time in Vegas I will be getting a room elsewhere.
4	I totally agree with Paula L. we upgraded for $40 per night. (We were staying free on a company trip) so we got a Jr. Suite with large bedroom nice view...large living and dining room, bar and two baths. Very good deal...
3	Well, I've been to many hotels in Vegas, and I have to say it's not one of my favorites. But it's not too bad considering the price I paid during my recent stay. I mean $89 per night during NAB conference wasn't bad at all since other hotels close to the convention center were charging over $200 per night.  Since it was a 10 min walk to the convention center, it  also saved me $$ in cab fares, so that was good. I like their pool, but I was disappointed that they didn't have a jacuzzi, which I was actually really looking forward to. The only thing you have to keep in mind is that there are different towers, and the room in the tower I stayed at was newer, nicer and clear - Monaco Tower. The deals you get on the internet may be great and lower, but usually that means you'll get a room in the older towers. Initially I got a room at the South Tower but I changed it upon check-in. Oh and they charge $17 ($15 plus tax) in resort fee per day. Seems like they are charging this fee in most hotels in Vegas now. They have $1 - $2 cocktails at the bar which is great. Of course if you're gambling at the bar, then you don't have to pay. I ate twice at the restaurants - Banana Leaf and Wicked. They were Ok, servers were better and friendly. I almost went to watch the magic show... once a day at 7pm. Tickets start at $75 per person, but if you get the coupon book, they have 2 for one deal and maybe get 2 tickets for $100.  If you like to gamble, you have a better chance going to Circus Circus across the street. My friends and I lost some money on slot machines at Riviera, but recovered them back at Circus Circus. :-)  I guess it depends on what you play too, but again, I'm not here to encourage or promote gambling! What you do with your money is your own business and at your own will. Like me, Do it for entertainment purpose only! Oh, and when you check out, do so in person, not electronically or from the room. And review your bill carefully. Two of my friends got charged for something that they never even purchased including in-room movie! So, if you're in Vegas for a show at the convention center and  looking for a clean, reasonably priced, convenient place to stay, this would be the one I'd recommend.
1	I am local and decided to spend NYE at the Rivera to see a concert. Big mistake. I purposefully hand picked two front row seats at $100 each and had the floor plan in front of me when I purchased them. I know NYE is big in town so I purchased tickets months in advance. There were 3 sections near the stage and I choose front row section 2 - dead center.  The night of the show, I discovered the floor plan had changed. The three front sections had changed to six sections. Section 2 was up against the far wall of the auditorium. The two front row seats I chose were now moved way off to the side. I had a side view of huge speakers and literally could not see the stage at all from my seat.The two other couples who sat next to me all agreed this was not the floor plan we choose seats for. All though we didn't know each other, all six of us went to talk to the box office manager together.   The response to our concerned but polite inquiry? Too bad.All 6 of us were shocked how callous the box office staff treated us. No apologies and no offers to move us. They told us floor moves happen all the time and we bought our tickets too far in advance and we should have waited. This made no sense to me at all. I planned this night well in advance and I am suffering the consequences for my careful planning? All of us agreed our NYE was ruined. I wrote a nice letter to the Director or Entertainment explaining the situation and I never heard a word back.With all the hotels in town, it is no surprise the Rivera is probably last in terms of reputation and image and they well deserve to be. Never again.
1	Probably one of the worst run and seedy casino hotels. The heydays are long gone.  This place needs a soup to nuts renovation and management shakeup. Vegas is dying and no one wants to buy it and current management won't fix it. So, they cater to a low end client, give them nothing because that's all they know.  Sad.
2	The line was forever long....the self check-in broke...the pool was ok...there's really no where to eat...The only OK thing is the gym. I rather go to a gym that has old equipment vs a nice one with limited. This fitness center has old equipment, but many to use.There's really no cafe to buy food, and if you go to the food court in the morning, they only serve what they called 'breakfast' menu. I stood in line at Quiznos and no one served me. I went to the Indian place and didn't know what the breakfast menu was for as they are items I never heard of. I thought I could get a chicken sandwich, but they only serve breakfast food so I opted for the omelet. The omelet was gross because it was smothered with cheese, the bacon was not editable because it was cold and had a lot of fat on it. I dare not to try the bread. The hash brown was greasy and couldn't be eaten. They didn't give napkins or forks, so I ate with my bare hands back in my room.
1	Small room with a small window even after paying for an upgrade. Smelled old. Rude service at front desk. I should have stayed at a student hostel. At least you get what you paid for at a student hostel.
5	Not reviewing the room amenities; just the casino experience. I know this is off the beaten path, but I had a good, solid experience here. They have $1 blackjack, and a good amount of slots.My boyfriend and I both came outta here with more cash than we came in with (which is a rarity in Vegas), and it's right across the street from Circus Circus so you can spend all your winnings on fun arcade games for stuffed animal prizes.
5	My family and I stayed at the Rivera what a great place. I will recommend this place to everyone!!
4	On our recent stay we had a great experience.  Self check-in was quick and easy.  I was a little concerned about what our room would be like since we were in the South Tower and not the Monaco.  We were pleasantly surprised.  Spacious updated clean room.  We were meeting another couple and they were initially in the other tower in a smoking room but the front desk quickly changed it so they were in the room next to us.  Checkout was easy with no problems.  The price was amazing ($24 plus $15 resort fee).  We had a car so being a ways down the strip didn't matter.  We would definitely consider staying here again!My only complaint would be that even though the South Tower has a lobby with a drop off there was no bellhop or even a cart to get all our things up to our room.  I called for someone but they never showed and we had to go back to the main lobby to have someone help us.
3	Room was nice.  We upgraded when we checked in for $20 well worth it. We were facing pool in the wedding tower. It was nice. Beds were comfy. Wish they would upgrade ac. Can't stand the ones that are by window, always seems to make me sick.  Nice hotel overall. Good customer service.  Would stay again if I were on a budget.
2	I didn't stay at The "Riv", as hotel employees refer to it, making it sound swankier than the reputation that precedes it as The Riviera. I only spent two days here for a convention. If the hotels in Vegas were women, this hotel would be the girl with bad extensions, wearing Ugg boots and a baby tee in 2014. She would've looked somewhat acceptable 12 years ago, but now she is just a sad, chain smoking, washed up, weathered old hag that you don't feel good spending time with. That is the "Riv". Also, the food court is a veritable Russian roulette of food poisoning adventure.
3	I had little problem with the room. Two things that annoyed me was the horrible smoking smell in a non smoking area which kicked up my asthma and was annoying. The other thing is the irregular house keeping hours. We never knew until when to stay in and once even got back by 2pm and house keeping still hadn't tidied up the room.
3	1. You need to know that this is a few miles from the main attractions of the strip.2. The rooms are sub par and outdated but clean.3. This is a hotel for an older crowd.I liked it. It was charming and old school. Not packed, not full of deuches or duechettes. It was like a little time capsule, I enjoyed it for what it was. My only complaint was the front desk check in/check out. Unorganized, similar to the dmv. The self check in/out machine broke. So, I would suggest leaving your room early for checkout (because you will wait in a long line). It took me about 15-20 minutes to check out. Staff was helpful. Have patience with hospitality workers! I saw a lot of people being rude to the servers and to the concierges.
4	We checked in quickly, the room was clean and the AC worked great. Everyone was friendly and courteous, and I had fun in the casino. I enjoy old school Vegas; I'm not here for a fancy hotel room. Cheap drinks, easy access to Circus Circus, pool was very clean, what more do you need?
2	First off-the rooms were great.  It looks like it just got a remodel.  The AC unit seems a little old but it did the trick. The sink was a little slow on draining.  The staff were all great and friendly. BIGGEST drawback-parking situation. Not enough close parking and valet was full.  Driving around to find more parking is a nightmare.  The whole complex needs a good update.  Tons of speed bumps and messed up lanes and directional changes.  A little scary too.  We had to walk through the convention floor to get to the front desk.  Everything outside the rooms is outdated. Good for a quick one night stay but not much else.
5	This place is great this is day two of my stay of 5 and I love the room were in its clean and nice not pricey like other hotels and staff is very helpful I love it here and it's not a long walk to other casinos the only thing is it was confusing for parking but you get use to it it's a great hotel
5	Loved the casino!!  I did not stay in the hotel but I will next time.  We stopped by on the way to the airport yesterday since I collect one casino chip per casino and I did not have one from the Riviera.  The cocktail waitresses were very polite and I found $1 blackjack tables!!! Only hotel on the strip that I found!  It's awesome.  The penny slots were pretty loose too.  Circus Circus is across the street and they have $3 blackjack tables!
2	I stayed in many different hotels in vegas like Aria, MGM, Hilton, The Orleans, Monte Carlos.... I already thought Monte Carlos is ugly enough but Riviera hotel is The worst hotel I ever stayed in. Everything is so old & outdated in here, even the vending machine does not working. The valet & self parking was full last night and We have to park far away from the hotel. The only good thing about this hotel is they are cheap because we came here with another 8 people...& we thought we could save bunch of money.... But I will learn next time that I could spend some extra money to feel it as the "hotel"
2	BEWARE there is a $100 security deposit at check in that the website may not tell you about. That's is in top of the $15 charge.
3	FOREVER MOTOWNDecent lounge act. A pleasant trip down memory lane. The cast is very talented and they perform a good cross section of Motown's classic hits. The showroom is intimate so there is not a bad seat in the house.
1	The staff needs training in hospitality. Never met the most rude and unprofessional people in any hotel I've ever stayed at.  We were hosting our high school reunion and was told to go through VIP.  They need to hire people who are pleasant. Not only was our suite NOT ready (after 3:30 mind you ) but the original guy that was helping us decides to go to lunch .... Hands us off to the one other only person there and when we asked if we can check in at least, she tells us "no, the rooms not ready". My husband then asks when do you think it'll be ready and her aggressive reply was " I don't know, it could be 1 hour it could be 3 hours, I don't know whenever the cleaning people get there!" ..... Needless to say I was fit to be tied.... I'd rather pay a little more for the hospitality then go into this dump and deal with incompetent people . Mrs Van Asch
5	I love this place! We didn't stay in the rooms,so I can't review those... I was there for a bachelorette party and we visited the show 'Men, the Experience' and had dinner in the steakhouse. The show was so much fun!-The boys paid some extra attention to the bride, which she loved. It's been a long time since I've had that much fun with my girlfriends. After the show we did a meet and greet with the dancers and then went to dinner in the steakhouse. The food was great, the waiters were friendly, the ambience was quiet and dark so it may have been a little bit better for a little bit of romance. Wink wink. We all ordered a variation of food and were happy with everything we ordered. it's very classic steakhouse food. Yum! Lots of bottles of wine later we ended up gambling and it just hanging out at the riv. We had a blast! It has an old Vegas feel to it and everyone who we encountered working there was super nice! Maybe it was just a good night, but I was super impressed. We will definitely be back to the Riv!
5	Recently spent an evening at the Riv celebrating a Bride to Be and couldn't have asked for a better experience! We started at at the Men The Experience show and had the best time, the wait staff was great and the men couldn't have been any better :)  The made the Bride to Be and all of us ladies feel special!We then had dinner at R Steak and Seafood, we ordered a variety of drinks and food and we were all very satisfied.  The staff was great even though we were probably a little more rowdy than their standard dinner guests.Location was very convenient to the Monorail which saves time and money over taking a cab everywhere.  I would highly recommend an evening at the Riv! They have done a great job revamping this hotel, it's budget friendly and had a variety of things to enjoy.
5	Rooms  were great.Service was World Class. Each and EVERY employee learned my name and went out of their way to introduce themselves. ALL employees seemed very happy.Casino neat, orderly, AND spotless.Take the Duce Shuttle to get around.A great time...WILL go again. Give it a shot. I Know you will love it.
3	Pretty decent hotel overall and fits well with people on a budget. Though it's quite a walk to the main attractions on the strip, there is a bus that travels up and down the strip (I paid $20 for a 3 day pass) which stops right in front of the riv. I recommend staying in the "luxury" rooms (the only reason they're luxury status is because they're newer than the other rooms). The luxury rooms are small but can easily fit 2-3 ppl. I had no bed bug problems either in these newer rooms and the cleaning staff was very good. That being said, this hotel does attract an older crowd or families with kids. So, don't pregame too hard or you will get complaints. Also, the rooms are not sound proof so don't blast the music (the room comes with one of those older iphone/iPod radio chargers). The $1 blackjack tables are pretty sweet but the casino gets kind of shady at night due to the cheap tables. But overall a great place!!! The restaurant has a nice deal ($10 for a decent burger, fries, and one beer). Have fun!
2	The front desk staff were professional but unfriendly.  My room had a weird stain on the carpet, dirt and a hair in the tub, lipstick or nail polish (couldn't tell which one) on the bathroom counter, and one of the bathroom lights was askew.  This hotel charges a resort fee for what I don't know, and it is BADLY in need of an all over renovation.  I've actually stayed in worse places, and it's better than sleeping in the street, but I won't be staying here again.
3	Ive stayed here a few times, the check in line is usually long. If you use the self check in kiosks you can save Alot of time! The rooms are vintage and a good value. The casino bar has the cheapest drink specials on the strip. The comedy club was awesome
3	We got there around midnight on a Friday and stood in line for ninety minutes before getting to the registration desk. We booked for a room with two double beds and instead got a room with one queen bed so someone in our party had to sleep on that hard, roll-in bed. The room was clean but as far as amenities, we payed for a lot more than what we actually got. Nothing in the fridge, no lotions, the pillows aren't quality and the windows looking out to the back parking lot needed cleaning. The location was convenient, staff always greeted us with a smile and the pool looked clean.
5	$1beers 24/7 the rooms are alright because i never slept their but its always cracking at the pool
1	Our room was outdated at least 20 years. All the carpets throughout the halls were terribly stained. Our tv did not work, nor did our phone. Could not call for room service. Had to call out to some nasty Italian food place. Couldn't even sign in to their promised wifi. No one seemed to care!!! Oh yea, plus a resort fee of $15.00 per day! And tax on top of that!!!???!!!  This place is far from a resort. The pool needs to be dug up and resized to accommodate the amount of people and hotel size ratio! I had really looked forward to this little get away, kick back and get a tan. So much for that, very non-appealing....no space! This place is a dive!!!
3	I went here for business.  Easy to park, find my way around, food service and selection easy to find.  Very friendly, helpful employees.  I was actually here for a show a few year ago and had the same experience.  Easy in. Easy out.  helpful employees and the show was a small venue, no bad seat and absolutely fun!
4	I really don't have any real complaints. I'm no diva like the rest of these cry babies that leave bad reviews. The hotel staff were all very friendly. We stayed in the Monaco tower which has the more recently renovated rooms and the rooms were just fine. Since we were only sleeping there we didn't need anything fancy or overpriced. On top of the room rate they charged $15 per day for a resort fee, so on the end you're paying the room rate, plus tax, plus a resort fee. So much for free wifi and valet. Overall, it's an older hotel but not bad at all for our budget.
3	I was a tad apprehensive after booking and then reading reviews (something I NEVER do).  However, as I was going to Vegas on a weekend, and was looking at paying $175+ for less desirable hotels, $60 per night sounded pretty good, so I booked.To my pleasant surprise, this hotel was way better than most of the reviews that I read.  Please do not get me wrong, this is not like staying at the Wynn or Caesars, but for the price and the bed comfort -- you can't go wrong!The check-in line was a little insane when we arrived, but we were quickly escorted out of the line to the computerized check-in (seriously what a great idea!!!!).  After I swiped the wrong credit card (make sure you swipe the one you book with...oops), they quickly escorted me to the VIP area and had me checked in, in a flash.The room was decent.  2 double beds (made for fun with 4 people, including 2 tall guys).  Walls were paper thin, which gave us some good laughs... and some annoyance between the hours of 7am-9am when our neighbors, who apparently were not out late any night....loved to slam the door, have their screaming children in the hall, etc. Not impressed by that, but that is not really the hotel's fault. The casino itself was fine.  Drink service was lacking (if you are going to play slots and want good drink service I would HIGHLY recommend the Quad -- the drinks were absolutely flying) and we were lucky if we had a beverage every 30 minutes or so.  The other thing that was disappointing about the gambling was that they closed the Craps tables quite early (around 2am) while there were still people playing.  Kind of strange... The good about the casino: $1 Blackjack, 24 hours a day.  You will have to wait in line however, but well worth the wait!  I have never stayed at this end of the strip and I am not totally sure how I felt about it.  I felt like we had to take a cab if we wanted to go to Bally/Caesars/Flamingo etc.  But Slots A Fun and Circus Circus were fun, cheap and had good drink service. Overall, I would stay here again on a weekend for cheap prices.
2	Older casino on the strip.  If you are going to the strip, you should hit the big flashier casino to get the full Vegas experience.  But if you are going for a smaller laid back feel, you might as well hit one of the local Station casinos or The Orleans.  Cleaner and more up to date.  This casino definitely looks like old school 'has been'.  It needs some serious updating.
1	On May 26, 2014 Sandra and I attended the "Pawn Shop Show" at the Rivera Hotel and Casino. The show was undoubtly  the worst show I have ever seen and that includes the plays we've attended while our children progressed through public school. We watch Pawn Stars on History Channel and enjoy the show, we were aware it was a parody of the "Pawn Stars Show" however we were not prepared for the poorly written and presented "Pawn Shop" After spending $118.00 for two tickets we expected the show to be at least funny or at the very least entertaining it was neither therefore; we walked out after witnessing about 15 minutes of poorly written and presented entertainment. Calls to the Rivera Hotel and Casino result in being placed on hold and or being transferred to a busy extension. When calls were placed to the Front Desk and a request to speak to the MOD (Manager on Duty) the person answering the call became the MOD. It is impossible to speak to the MOD and/or the Production Manager. They are aware of the quality of the show and will continue fooling people 6 day s a week.Do yourself a favor and stay away from the Rivera Hotel and Casino.Harry Lanahan
2	This hotel is what me and my boyfriend called "functional". It was the very bare minimum we would expect from a hotel room on vacation. Semi-comfortable beds, decent bathroom, air conditioning... Since we hardly spent any time in the hotel expect for sleeping and showering, it was a good deal for the weekend we went. However, there definitely were some severe downsides.This hotel is very old; even in the "updated" Monaco tower we stayed in. There was dried "mysterious white fluid" on our safe when we arrived. The water pressure in the shower was very high; it almost hurt. We were able to hear the people's conversations in the hotel next to us, and the conversation was definitely not meant to be heard, if you know what I mean. The check in line was very long when we arrived at 4pm. The iron did not function properly. It leaked water and the steam didn't function. For those not familiar with Vegas, the Riveria is a good walk to all of the nicer casinos on the strip. Overall, we would not stay in this hotel again and would prefer a cleaner, nicer, and more conveniently located hotel in Vegas next time.
1	We arrived to check in at 12. Therefore we missed the backed up line. The reason the line becomes so backed up is due to the incompetent staff attempting to hustle you into upgrades. That being said, after 45 minutes in line and the staff fumbling around on the computer we finally accepted the penthouse suite. Which she suddenly added $300 onto after we agreed upon the price. At first we were very pleased with the room. However on night 2 of 3 we dropped an empty water bottle off of our balcony later to find 10 security guards in the room. We were shocked when they told us to pack our bags and hit the streets. Upon the expedited check out the front desk staff informed us that we would receive a refund for our final night. Again another lie from their hustling staff. Also, I failed to mention the horrible restaurant service. We didn't even know who our server was, but since we had a party of six gratuity was included, so they didn't need to take care of us.
1	This place was not all that great. Good news or bad news first? They are NOT AT ALL FRIENDLY at the front desk... kinda rude and short with you. Answering questions is a hassle for them. They tell u that there is a hundred dollar hold on your card, thats normal. They told me there would be "A" 15 dollar resort fee (to cover things that you dont use and internet that doesnt work) they didnt tell me it was 15 bucks PER night, so you can imagine my surprise when i didnt get my entire 100 dollars refunded. The bathroom floor was filthy and stained like it hadnt been mopped in a while. The window (for those of you like me that appreciate oxygen and or are claustrophobic) opens about half an inch. The carpets werent vacuumed either. The bed i have to say is hands down beyond comfortable so kudos there. Food was awful and over priced. Dont know if there is anything else good besides the bed. I stay in vegas a lot because i have family out there, but Im not sure that I would book riviera again.
2	The casino bought this review it's two stars. Really should just get zero, but we had such a good time on the floor that it's getting a two...Old soap in the showers, and body hair throughout the bathroom. Plain gross. 0 Stars.The casino is old, nearly 60, but it has a classic charm to it. Had fun with the waitresses, and we got the $1 blackjack table going ham haha. Great times. Spent $80 on the room(Friday Memorial Day weekend), but all told we walked away only spending about $15 when we take into account our meager winnings and what we spent on drinks. ****This is a place you want to be at late in the night, and walking away from. Get the old Vegas feel, but find a bed somewhere else.
1	I booked this because it was cheap and hey, who stays in their room for the majority of their Vegas stay anyway?? Yes, it IS cheap, FOR A REASON. First off, the rooms DO NOT COME WITH A COFFEE MAKER so you have to go downstairs and pay $3+ for a coffee EVERY MORNING. It is an old hotel, I will give it that. When we checked in, they asked us if we would like to upgrade our room for an extra $20 a night. We said sure. They put us on THE TOP floor (64 I believe), for the first two nights (we were there three nights from Wed-Sat), it was fine. We had an OK view of the strip, whatever. Friday night, however, was when the issue started. The lady who checked us in failed to mention that we would be RIGHT UNDER the penthouse which OFTEN has VERY LOUD private parties, so unless you plan on staying out all night long and not sleeping, expect to hear extremely loud annoying music right above your head. My husband first called the front desk and complained, asking if we could be switched rooms. They told him they can do anything BUT THAT (as if they were booked, which they obviously were not). They agreed to wave the upgrade and resort fees, saving us $120. He said fine. About 15 minutes later after more annoying music and loud thumping, we finally had enough - sleep would have been impossible even with ear plugs. This was about 2AM. He went downstairs to actually talk to the front desk people and finally managed to wrangle us another room for the night, so about 2:30AM we had to pack up everything and move a couple floors down. I'm not sure why they couldn't have done that in the first place but hey, at least we saved $120 in the end, even though that's about how much we ended up paying for coffee (kidding).Moral of the story: If you MUST stay here, DO NOT AGREE TO THE TOP FLOOR, AND BRING YOUR OWN COFFEE MAKER.
1	My parents were going to Las Vegas for their 30yrs Anniversary So I decided to pay for their trip including hotel. When I contacted the Riviera hotel thru their customer service the person on the other side helped me with booking the room including a credit card authorization form which was filled out and given to my parents for checking in. I made sure all information was filled out including the $100.00 deposit fee which is too high for this hotel. upon the arrival  everything went from happy to terrible, I received a phone call at 4:00am from my parents notifying me that the front desk is refusing  to check them in because one section under taxes was not checked. My parents explained to me that the front desk customer service name Victorio Was been rude and refused to check them in until,  I once again fill out  the form and email it to them. My parents mention that this individual was upset because no one was available to covered for his break and decided to take it on them by letting them stand in the line for 2hrs until I send the form again. My parents  requested  to speak with the  manager and this individual said that there was no manager on duty at that time and the best way is to get a hold of me or they are going to stand in line till the next morning. (This after I pre-paid for the first night).After many phone calls I finally send the form again via e-mail and this individual finally allowed them to check in only to find out that the room  was not the one I booked for them. The next morning I proceed to contact phillip the manager on duty and to my surprised he already knew of the situation and instead of apologizing, he became  irritated when I tried to explained to him why wasn't my parents allow to check in and to handle the situation the next morning. He said that he stand by his employee and that the employee was 100% right by waking me up at 4:00am and made me send the form via email again. I tried to Explained to Phillip if this usually your protocol when situations similar to this happened and he didn't have an explanation other than he stand behind his employee action.Bottom line,  I am very disappointed at this hotel and would not stay here again.  Wish someone with higher authority can check and see what type of employees they are hiring. They definitely need better customer service.
1	A very dated, old hotel with only one pool that is crowded. Terrible coffee shops with terrible quality food court. Yuck!!!!!!
3	My partner and I stayed here for couple nights. The pictures online wasn't that as expected.  It's a pretty old hotel, so I didn't didn't expect that much. Housekeeping team was great! There's no 2.5 option so I opted for 3 stars. I would suggest that Riviera Management will consider changing or do a renovation. Based on yelpers reviews, I agree on the bathroom molds. I would definitely recommend to have it renovated. Bed and pillows were ok. The convenience of the location is good. Parking was really hard to find especially if you stay late. Not sure if management allows people to park even if they are not staying or checked in the hotel. I would suggest to have a parking space only for checked in customers. We liked the kiosk idea. It helped out. Mini fridge, needs to be changed. Carpets, it's seems clean and newly shampooed, and not smelly, so that was good. Again, it would be nice to have this hotel renovated, it's one the first in Vegas!
2	This hotel is horrible u get what you pay for. The reason why I stayed here is because of a festival I came with a group of friends. This hotel is old , the restrooms ohhhh lord they are very small. Also if you want to take a cab it takes forever. This hotel is sad. If ur on a budget this hotel is cheap but expect the worst.
1	I wish I could give a negative star.  So we went for a conference.  Good thing we got a cheaper rate through the convention.  I would have been angrier if I had to pay more than we already did.  We requested 2 beds and Christine, the girl at the front desk said she moved us to the Monte Carlo tower.  She said this is where they put their VIPs.  If this is their VIP tower, there is a problem not to mention what kind of VIPs do they put in there.  Ice machines are every other floor so if your floor doesn't have ice, you gave to go to another floor (which wouldn't be a problem but their elevators suck so you have to go to the scary stairwell).  We were on the 23rd floor, and only 1 elevator seemed to have worked.  I heard other people say it took them 30 minutes to go up or down to their floor/lobby.   We go to our room and although we were prepared for a little smoke smell (we got a smoking room), it smelled like they NEVER aired out the place.  It was horrible, even for people who is used the smoke.  The television didn't work.  It turned on and it tells you to use the arrow buttons to go to regular TV.  We pressed every button there was and it did nothing.  We left to go to the convention and stopped back by the room around 130 or so.  Our room still hadn't been cleaned!  The only thing that was decent was that their cocktail waitress on the casino floor were nice.  With all the hotels in Vegas, I would definitely stay somewhere else.
1	I booked this hotel because it was offered as one of the hotels on conference website. We were offered some extra perks, like a reduction in the resort fee, including a set of comedy tickets. When I called the resort to ask questions I was told the convention I was attending was a 5 min walk from there.  This was complete misinformation, it was well over a mile walk  to the convention center location. One of the reasons I took the time to call and ask about this is because I have some physical issues that made walking difficult for me and I was trying to be prepared.  I would have made other arrangements than walking in the heat of a nasty summer day if I had known this.  I Stayed in Monaco towers. Must have been the oldest dingiest part of the hotel. Bathroom floor looked dirty.  The room was sweltering hot when we  first arrived. The air conditioner must have been on it's last leg because it really never cooled off properly even after being on all night.  Every time we left for the day the cleaning staff turned it off so we returned to a hot stuffy room.  The pillows were small, flat and very uncomfortable, the sheets were scratchy.  The bathrooms featured the cheapest toilet paper and soap I have ever seen.  Felt like I was washing with Lava soap.  The gal who checked us in was rude and argued with me about including free comedy show tickets we were promised with our package, she finally acted like she was doing me a favor by giving the to me.   The morning of our check out I was just getting out of the shower and housekeeping opened the door while I was nude.  This was just after 9 am.  SERIOUSLY!!!  This was Sun morning, this Vegas, people are still  sleeping at that hour!!!!  Check out time was still an hour and a half away.  I will never stay here again and won't be recommending it to anyone.  Talked to the manager about the situation with housekeeping..she offered to remove the "hotel fee" which was $5. Gee thanks, at that point I felt I was wasting my breath discussing any other issues with her.  This was a business trip, I was hot tired and exhausted when I got back to my room.  I didn't have the time or energy to deal with this during my stay.  I realize I was not paying for luxury.  I wasn't expecting that, what I was expecting was a clean comfortable room that I could get a good nights sleep in.
1	If I could give negative stars or none, I would cause Riviera 'hotel' deserves none better! Stanky haggard dirty decor, and service to match! This has been the worst experience from a Vegas hotel ever.The hotel staff have forgotten how to smile and speak a language consisting primarily of the word 'No'. No wifi, no cell service, no table action, no room, no more, no water hot enough to bathe, no server at our table, no diligence in reservation taking.In Vegas working nights. On our 3rd morning arriving after a night of working the room key  dies. Front desk won't give us new one cause our client (out of state) booked us on her name, and she needs to come in herself. Why because when we have IDs & CCs they did not attach our names to the room!Honestly yes, cheap prices are good, if they keep your reservation, buuuut you'll really want to shower well when you get home!
1	I stayed here for an event at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Fellow convention goers beware! Wi-Fi does not work and cell phone coverage is terrible. Even the television barely works if you can get the remote to change channels. This toe fungus of a hotel is not suited for business in any form.Aesthetically the place is a total cornhole, the lobby looks like it's maintained by an 80+ aged crew and the carpet is disgusting. I recommend shoes when walking around this place especially if you're coming from or going to the pool. It attracts a much younger, ghetto and less experienced Vegas crowd due to its lower prices, with this also comes a less quality employee crew however.I booked my room 3 months in advance thinking "how bad could this place be for 1 night", cheap and close to the Convention Center. I get into the line and I'm told I could use the "express check-in" by 2 attendants. It didn't work for me so the attendant checked my room which wasn't ready so she changes my room, OK there's a little bit of "service" there I thought.I get to the tower and it already smells like a donkey farm, the elevator seemed like something out of a Final Destination movie. Once I get on the floor there's phone books in front of the doors all along the hallway to my room I'm thinking "is this the prostitute path or something"? I get to my room which smells like smoking monkeys had been living in it, the ashtrays confirmed it was a smoking room. I call the front desk who helps me out with a "regular" non smoking room which was better. However feel free to look at my pictures from the room (e.g. the neverending toilet, the "beautiful" views and the mystery wet spot).
1	Two words describe this hotel,  cluster fuck! Stayed here for a convention I had to attend and my friend booked online for a deluxe room for 4 people and requested a roll away.  Checked in at the hotel and they could not accommodate because it was a fire hazard, well this doesn't work!  I asked the cost of the upgrade and how many that could accommodate.  I was told there is a king sized bed, the couch pulls out and we could have a roll away,  an additional$50/night. We already payed for one night. My thought was cool, this might work! I put down $100 deposit on MY credit card. So, we get to the room and couch doesn't pull out. I call and talk with a manager and for the run around. She gave me $10 off making it an additional$40/night. We called back later and they said we already got one away and they are overbooked. Customer service isn't something they excel at! Looking at my bank statement I noticed that i was charged for the room, all 4 nights....my friend should have been charged but my friends just paid me but because of this disorganization it left me with -$800 in my bank account. Bottom line, we could have stayed somewhere sooo much nicer for $265/night.  Oh wait,  this gets better....aside from this place being seriously outdated,  and not clean!  Resturants are to be desired unless you want to eat at their high end resturant at $42 steak.... This is NOT Ruth Chris by any means. We found broken glass  that looked like it was used for drugs....SERIOUSLY! I have zero intention to ever come back here nor would I recommend anyone to stay here.
4	This hotel has a lot to offer for your money. $24 of mine to be exact plus the $15 per night resort fee. Being one of the oldest hotels still standing on the strip it is a bit outdated as to be expected. Aside from the 1970's decor it is quite accommodating. Our room was just the basic room however it was quite large in size. The bed was comfortable it had many desired amenities. This being said not all of them worked. The hair dryer, the iron, and a few plugs didn't work but that's just details. The staff was very helpful, kind, and most of all very willing to comp show tickets!
5	The 5 stars is for the service and hospitality  offered by this wonderful hotel. Tyson was our host to our 4 night stay in Las Vegas. This is our 3rd stay at this hotel and its not the fanciest newest hotel on the strip but its a legend. The staff are wonderful and they want you to return. I have gone with my family and we enjoyed the wonderful Jan Rouven Illusionist show, dinner at Wicked Vicky and the R steak and Seafood both delicious. Kid friendly clean large pool and across the street from Circus Circus which was great for daytime excursions with the kids. Did I mention the pinball Hall of Fame?! Oh yes classic vintage pinball machine favorites. I would recommend Riviera and definitely join the Players Club for great incentives for your next stay.
3	This hotel is just a nice place if you want to save some money, and don't plan to stay in the hotel for too long.The regular rooms are typical, not too fancy or completely decked out in design or anything. Beds are comfortable and smells fine.Restrooms are clean, they provide some shampoo and some soap, neither of amazing quality, but does the job.The place itself is not very lively compared to other hotels, even circus circus across the street, even though it does have a bunch of slot machines and card dealers.Overall, it was a fine experience just nothing notable about it
1	Booked a room for EDC weekend 3 months in advance and requested and handicap accessable room. I didnt recieve my requested room when my friend checked in for me. On top of that I found dried semen on one of the blankets. Then they had balls to charge me for a deep cleaning fee for water bottles on top of tables and little pieces of trash in the room because house keeping people had to clean "over time"... All I got back was half of my money back from the fee... I strongly do not recommend this hotel to anyone staying during EDC Week!
1	This place is terrible fist 45 minutes to check in after arriving at 11pm.  Then they put me in a smoking room when i said i want non smoking.  Room smells bad but key fir room don't even work.   Based off my luck here not even hitting casino. Save your money go somewhere else this isn't even worth the really cheap rates they offer.
3	The Riviera is not the worst thing ever. It's pretty lame compared to the rest of Vegas, but compared to all hotels, it's not bad. My room was clean, had a nice TV, and they had some amenities like ABC stores and a food court with awesome Indian food. Riviera is not really a place you'd want to hang out in, but it is cheap. It also does not have the best location if you are wanting to see the strip. You are basically all the way at the end and have to travel pretty far by bus to get anywhere close to the fancier side of the strip. If I was going to Vegas again, I'd probably stay more in the middle of the action, but I found the Riviera to be a pretty good value if you are trying to Vegas on the cheap. They also close the pool RIGHT ON TIME, PRETTY EARLY. DO NOT EVEN PUT YOUR FEET IN THE POOL! You've been warned.
1	My kids had a karate tournament at the Riviera so we stayed there out of convenience.  When we first got to our room there was a USED bandaid in the planter.  I let front desk know and they said they would said housekeeping to take care of it...nope!  Also, our bathtub didn't drain, the furniture looks like it has 50 years of nicotine dripping off of it and the very best part - we were on a non smoking floor and our room smelled like a Willy Nelson concert.  Now my kids know what pot smells like.  Next year for the tournament we will be staying elsewhere.  The convenience isn't worth how grossed out I was by this hotel.
3	The Good: They have $1 Blackjack, good variety of new slots, rooms are clean and updated, parking is easy.The Bad:  The pool was small and my hair smelled funny after swimming, the floors in the casino are oddly uneven.They have a super bowl party every year here that is very fun.  All you can eat and drink and watch the game with 100+ fans on the big screens.I've also been to an MC Hammer concert here, not the best acoustics but MC brought it.This is an older casino on the north end of the strip so it's only going to cost about $25 / night to stay here.  It's on par with Circus Circus but smaller and a little nicer rooms.  They do have an "arcade" that features old games like 'frogger' and old pinball games near the food court.
1	booked thru kayak and i was not aware of the resort fee.there is a resort fee of $16.80 whichkayak will not show and when you show up you thoughtthe price was advertised for $17.00 plus tax which you paidbut oh no...you will have to pay another $16.80 to the hotelfor the resort fee per day per night and the money is non-refundable.if it is non-refundable then everything shouldbe charged and not another surprise. every hotel there is a resort fee that is howkayak (makes $17.00) and riviera (makes $16.80 resort fee)i was not aware of the resort fee (what a sucker)when you compare prices make sure you checkon the resort fee cus it could range from $12 bucksto $22 per night.
5	Their promos are the best!Many great shows, table games,I MADE OVER 80 DOLLARS FROM THEIR PROMOTIONS AND FREE CHIP!!!3 DAYS AND I was drunk 24/7 FREE WELL AND BEERS WITH MY WIFE AND I only spent 25 dollars during the first day (currently in bolt bus drinking the rest) that should tell you how much an alcoholic I am.Coupons coupons coupon. ..awesomeFree wheel spins every afternoon outside front doorFriendly staff and helpful. This is a noob friendly casino.For the negative people out there...I say yall are broke...seriously if you got 60k in your bank right now like me, please dont judge a casino, I do consider myself poor so if you are broke and talk b.s. then theres something wrong. The staff are friendly and dealers help you out (seriously they do!!!)
2	This is the first time we've stayed here, and I'm sure it will be the last. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the one bedroom suite was roomy and the self check in was awesome. Other than that, things weren't so great...valet parking was full, parking directions sucked, the Wi-Fi didn't work (even after calling the manager,) one window casing had no drywall, the window opened ALL the way (we had a four year old-kind of dangerous,) there was air in all the water lines, there was mold in the shower, the refrigerator rocked back and forth, and there were MANY other signs of wear and decline. Plus, the pool closes at 8PM...really? I'm sure that back in the day this was a really nice place, but now, it's a but run down and dated. I'm not sure how to post pics, but if I figure it out, I will. I was pretty disappointed and would suggest staying somewhere else.
1	Dirty, filthy, run-down, smelly, crack-hotel feel to this place! Carpeting is stained and dirty. Towels are old, stained, & dirty. Beds are old, dirty, and stained. Walls are old, dirty, and stained. Bed spread full of hair. It is almost midnight and we cannot even force ourselves to stay here another minute! Camping in a tent in the middle of the woods is cleaner
2	Comfy bed, decent sized room. NOT AT ALL WHAT I REQUESTED instead of getting the two queen beds in a smoking room i got a king bed in a non smoking room and they did nothing to accomadate me. TERRIBLE SERVICE never brought in a cot either!
3	The hotel was actually better than I anticipated, especially for an older hotel and casino. We wanted to stay on the strip over 4th of July weekend and knew it would be crazy, but the Riviera averaged out to be in our price range for 4 nights. As the days went on (and got crowded) it was a little difficult being quite so far down the strip, as you have to spend a good 10 minutes walking just to be at the start of it all, but leveraging the monorail to the LVH helped a lot. And - it's not quite as far as the Stratosphere, it's pretty close to a Walgreen's which came in handy, and the first stop on your way up the strip is the Wynn Encore.I enjoyed the casino and the waitresses were actually the friendliest we came across our entire trip! It has some old school Vegas charm and didn't feel too rowdy or crazy compared with some of the other casinos. The pool seemed nice and our room was better than expected. It was also very easy to get to from the lobby.The rooms look as if they've been updated recently. The bed was very comfy and the flat screen TV over the bar area was nice. The clamp holding our showerhead was broken, but everything else was fine. There was a hair dryer and an iron/ironing board in the room, which doesn't always come with a 3-star room. We had a lovely view of the parking structure (haha), but seriously, for the price and the fact that we checked in almost at midnight, it was expected.While it may not be my first choice for a hotel in Vegas, it definitely fit the bill for a late-planned getaway on a tighter budget. I would be willing to stay again.
1	I'm staying at this hotel practically for free (bc of a promotion) and I still think I'm paying too much. It has dirty, dated rooms, the shower literally hurts to use, the bed spread had a stain and didn't get replaced, the staff was rude, it took 1 hour to check in, they charge a "resort" fee but this isn't one, and the location appears close (on maps), but is really far from everything.
2	Right when I entered the hotel it was EMPTY. I never seen an empty hotel in Vegas before. When I stepped inside the elevator, it smelled like urine mixed with barf combined.... (gross) we requested a non-smoking room, but all the rooms allowed smoking.... so we are pretty much second hand smoking. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!
1	If you dont mind the pit boss changing the deck in the middle of a shoe than you will enjoy. Me personally I will never go back
2	I originally found a groupon for 19/night at the riviera so my husband and i reserved a room for monday thru wednesday and then as our party grew bigger we reserved the connecting room from sunday thru tuesday..So on sunday we waited in line for about an hour. We were exhausted from our 4 hour drive from cali. Service was sooo slow. After we checked in, everything was fine but on monday they apparently had a systems failure. The front desk told everyone to come back by 4pm and everything will be fixed. We came back by 4pm, and nothing was done. There was actually a very long line of very angry customers at this point. So everyone in my party just had to cram all their belongings into the one room. We went out, came back exhausted, waited about 40 minutes in line and then finally checked in around 10pm. What a nightmare. The following night, my husband and i got back to the room late. Had to be around 2am. He was famished so he called up room service. Room service connected him to the burger joint in the food court. They told him they were closed. So he asked if any of the other restaurant were opened. They forwarded him back to the room service (which im assuming is front desk) and they connected him again to the same people that just told him no. Except this time, they made it sound like someone was opened, until they forwarded him to this other restaurant that never picked up. It kept ringing and the same food coourt people picked up. Seriously?? They are all in the same area.. they couldnt just step out from behind their counter to see who was opened or not? Every time he was reconnected with the food court guy he was given hope that something was available. After about 15 minutes of this fiasco, my husband just hung up. I looked on that little room service pamphlet thing thats next to the phone and it loooked like it all said they were closed by that hour. (I know we should have probably looked at that first but hunger makes you stupid sometimes) why couldnt these customer service reps and food court people just have said that to begin with?Then it was time to check out of the rooms. I noticed the checkin/checkout kiosk was working so i decided to go with that to beat the long line. It was simple enough, but then when it printed out the receipt it came out blank. I had to get back in line just to make sure everything was in order. Ridiculous!Pros: decent rooms, decent location, cheap.Cons: incredibly unorganized, slow front desk service, lack of knowledge regarding room service, terrible food in food courtOne more thing! The things included in the resort fee are completely useless unless youre going to utilize the swimming pool (but who wants to pay $15 to play in some chemically filled, dirty old pool? Couldnt even use the wifi.. signal wasnt strong enough..Dont think ill be returning here unless desperate for a room. :)
4	It's not a high end hotel, but it's nice for the price. I've stayed here twice. The rooms are updated and clean. If they updated the outside of the hotel I'm sure they'd have more customers. I'd definitely stay here again.
5	Definitely my favorite of the old casinos. Have you ever seen that movie casino? I mean it's surrounded by other newer casinos but dollar beers and cheap food is awesome when provided by a casino... But there's a lot of things going for this casino.. A lot of great games and pleasant atmosphere at this casino.. Can't beat the cheap comedy shows at this casino.  ...casino
5	We booked because it looked good with the Hilton upgrades.  On the way there we checked the Yelp reviews and got concerned because so many were negative.  Our room was in the Paradise Tower and was wonderful with none of the problems reported in the earlier reviews.  Stayed for two nights during the week and enjoyed the less crowded conditions compared to other hotels.  We will definitely stay here again. When we checked in we mentioned that it was our anniversary trip and the clerk gave us a $50 credit at the cafe.  The self parking was easy and close.
2	1131Line was long, kiosk messed our room keys up. The front desk told us that we better upgrade because the older towers are "gross", "outdated" and they told us it would be a total bill of 80.00 extra. That was a lie, it was actually 80 A ROOM extra. Guess It's a good thing we went with the new tower though because I've seen posts on here regarding bed bugs in the old towers and according to the front desk they're "Gross". The room was okay, just literally okay. But for the price of an additional 80 dollars we could have stayed somewhere better and more centrally located because the trek from that side of the strip to the middle takes forever on foot and forever on the Deuce. The casino smelt of thick smoke and it was quite apparent they really didn't try to cover the smell up either. Overall it was pretty disappointing for my first Vegas Trip. Don't recommend.
5	The hotel has been very good to us so far.   All things considered, awesome for us.   Delicious dinner sealed the deal.  We had the $10 burger and a beer, each.  We left stuffed, and for $22 after tax.  Mariah was a sweetheart in the Wicked Tavern.  Happy people here!
1	Im a local person who likes to take my kids out of our rutine so once in a while we got a room so we all feel like having vacations in vegas (we actually live here) and i choose this hotel for the price and stars but 32.00 dollars a night plus charging me $100 deposit including a 16.00 non refundable for a "resort fee" ? I dont know where they have a resort fee because we never notice, the water in the shower got all the way to my ankles when i was taking a shower so i have to close it every 1 min so the water can go all the way down, toilet was very dirty it was a very disapointment experience especially when i book already in others hotel here in las vegas cant believe i paid almost 50 dollars for a room that should cost half of that price hopefully someone buy this casino soon and they make a new one.Dont ever book this hotel please check el cortez if you dont need a pool this pool it is very small anyway and the water smell funny i rather stay in a tent than booking this hotel again yelp should have the option of negative stars so i can give this "resort" -5 stars
1	Total dump. Check in took almost an hour. Tried using self check in but it told me to see the clerk for a key so I went to the line that said "Keys" and the clerk was very rude and told me I had to wait in the other huge line that took about an hour to check in including getting to our room. Room was dirty and the window only opens about an inch. We did not get any sleep because the A/C controls either went too hot or too cold and it was 95 degrees at night in Vegas this time of the year. Avoid this hotel at all cost. They attract a certain cheap type of croud that you want to avoid. We felt unsafe the entire trip.
4	I have to give Riviera 4 stars honestly. Most people say 2 or 3 but so far for me the service is pretty amazing. The rooms are always great. And at an amazing price and if your coming to Vegas for conventions like I do or for work it's decent. Not good wifi. But very close to convention center. One negative is the maintenance on otems that need to be fixed. Vending machines where all broken 7/20/14 Anyway. Will be back !
1	Worst hotel experience I have ever had. Checkin took over an hour, got locked out of our room by the door, got 2 new sets of keys, none worked. Sat in front of our room for over 2 hours waiting for security to come let us in. Managers were rude and gave us no eta of getting into the room I was paying for. If you can stay somewhere else, do so.
1	Don't go here.  We ate dinner across the way at circus circus, and decided to check it out.  I ordered a Grey Goose with Redbull, and the server came back with a drink.  I  knew right away it wasn't Redbull but I can look past that.  I ordered the same thing with a different waitress, and she informed me that they didn't have Redbull or grey goose.  Hmmm...so the last server lied to me and just served me what they had.  Manager didn't seem to care.   Just stay away from this run down property.
5	My friend and I booked this hotel on Expedia for $17 a night.. I was very confused because this is right on the Strip. We were here on a Tuesday and Wednesday, so that is why it was so cheap probably. I was a little sketched out that it would be very sketchy, but this was a very nice hotel and casino! This is an older hotel and casino, so it is not quite a Venetian, but it is worth the price. The rooms were immaculate, they have a parking garage with valet parking, and a tremendous pool and restaurant! You can't beat $17 a night.. Every time I'm in Vegas now I will be staying here!
5	We were just here for the RollerCon annual roller derby convention, which we come to every year. I can't imagine how overwhelming it must be to have 6,000 derby people descend on your hotel every year, but daaaamn did you handle us well. Every employee we encountered went out of their way to bee helpful and genuinely kind. We really received absolute too notch service all week. Thank you for hosting us Riv!  See you again next year.
3	Oh Riviera...how you've aged. Actually, well I'm assuming it's been around for awhile just by the looks of it. We were going to stay at another hotel in the suburbs, but then decided it was too far from everything. My friend called hotels.com and booked a room at The Riviera sitting in the other hotel lobby. This room was $39 per night, which was about half the price of the suburbia hotel. Honestly, it was okay for what we were doing. Our kids really only cared about swimming, which was where a majority of our time was spent. Is it the most luxurious hotel? No, it's not. It actually will probably need to be updated soon. With the Wynn and Encore on the south side, the new SLS Hotel (used to be Sahara, I believe) to the north and across the street a huge Asian inspired resort hotel...it's only within time that The Riviera and Circus Circus will need to up their game.  Anyways, back to the hotel. It's smaller, which I actually like. I hate trekking across what seems forever in those larger hotels. But I also like the nicer amenities in those hotels. Fluffy towels, cloud-like beds and amazing swimming pools. This is NOT what you're going to get from this hotel. But you kinda get what you pay for. When we stayed at the hotel, the blind convention was going on as well as the Junior NBA's. So there was a lot of people with dogs and teenagers running around the hotel. I'd say that this isn't the spot to kick it...but if you're looking to sleep, shower and pre-game at a good price, you can do it here. If I'm on a budget, I might come back. But I seriously love staying in nice hotels, so I probably won't be back until they upgrade. But the staff - bellboys (actually men, but that sounds weird), front desk clerks, valet were all really nice. But like others said, the pool closes promptly at 8PM. Seems so weird to me, it's so early and not even dark. My kids didn't believe me until the lifeguard told them to get out, lol.
4	Best (probably only) hotel that takes 18 yr. Olds for check-in. $24 a night with $15 a night resort fee (weekday) so cheap! At the end of the strip, but still is on the strip. Everything is old style and the fridges, tvs, cabinets make you feel like you are in the 90s. Not a problem though, everything was clean and havent gotten any money deducted from my $100 security deposit. Budget hotel, just not a dream hotel. 4pm checkin, 11am checkout.
1	All I can say is if I could give it no stars I would!! The worst hotel I have every stayed at on the strip. The hotel interior wasn't the best but I was acceptable. The room was old but alright for the short amount of time I stayed. The part that was the worst was the staff! We waited in line for an hour just to check in and when we're just about at the front of the line the a women redirected us to an automated check in machine. When we got to it was broken so we lost our spot in line. I called the women who redirected us to the machine and she ignored us and left the area. When she came back I called her over again and she just put us in the back of another line!  When I told her we were at the front of the first line she told us we could use the VIP room to check in. To make it short the women who checked us in was very rude and didn't want to help us. Seems to me if your working in a VIP room you should be very helpful and respectful to your customers. After the check in fiasco I went to go my bags from the car. I had a lot of luggage becuse I was recently relocating back to Las Vegas. When I arrived at the front door with my luggage ( about 4 bags) there were three Bell hops that just stood there and watched me struggle to get my bags inside. One even had the nerve to say "your going in the wrong door." I was fully prepared to tip anyone of them but they instead decided to watch me struggle instead of do their job. Over all the customer service was the worst I've seen in Vegas so far from. Hotel and I will never stay here again.
4	I was looking for last minute hotels and stumbled upon The Riviera. I saw they had an offer one bed deluxe suite for 60.00 that included your living room with a wet bar, 2 bathrooms, a bedroom with a huge bed with a balcony with a decent view to the strip 60  a night sounded awesome.Then I read the reviews and was terrified and of course there was no refund if we cancelled. When we got there checking it wasn't as terrible like people said, but of course we got there at 6pm when check in was at 3pm but we checked in with no problem. We stayed on the Monte Carlo tower on the 26th floor, the one bedroom deluxe suite was very spacious the rooms are outdated but they're not THAT bad what really is in need of a renovation are the bathrooms. The Riviera isn't the typical glamorous hotel you see at the middle of the strip, it's a blast from the past. I thought it was nice being able to experience a much older hotel, it's pet friendly also. Getting to our room wasn't such a long walk like in the other hotels. It's pretty far from all the shows but that's nothing a simple cab ride or a car ride can fix. This hotel isn't as packed as others it's very nice to walk around or catch a break from the night life. Overall it was a nice stay I enjoyed it staff was friendly, I hope they begin to fix their bedrooms soon and update many things (:If you want an updated nice bedroom ask for the Monaco tower
4	Love it!!! King room awesome for my hubby n I! Perfect spot at the end of the strip. ROOM CLEAN! Clean towels! Staff friendly (:
2	This is an alright hotel if you just need a place to sleep and shower. However, I wasn't exactly satisfied with my experience here. Pros:- Decent beds. Nothing too fancy, but I still slept pretty well. - Has a few fun souvenir and novelty shops. - Nice honeymoon suite with a deck and a good view. It was even large enough for a small, casual wedding reception. Cons:- I came here with a wedding party. We were all supposed to be in rooms relatively near each other. Even though the reservation was made several months in advance, all of our rooms were on different floors and even in different towers. - The elevators were constantly malfunctioning. On the floor which I was staying, the up button called the down elevator, and vice versa. One night, there was a 100-person wait for the elevators in my tower. There are 7 elevators in that tower alone, so there shouldn't have been an issue. In addition, I found a staircase that went to the second floor, but I couldn't find one that went up to my floor. - 1 of the 4 lights in my room worked. The staff made no attempt to fix this during my stay. - The food court was nothing to brag about. The food was fine, but cleanliness was lacking, and the overall feel was pretty lackluster. - Even though it's on the strip, the Riviera is still a somewhat long walk away from any decent tourist attractions. I suppose you get what you pay for, but I would be willing to pay more for a better hotel during my next visit to Las Vegas.
2	you get what you pay for.my daughter is allergic to my cats so when she comes into town, i put her up at nice hotels.  on her last day in town, she checked out of her hotel, and we spent the day at the breathtaking Valley of Fire, hiking in 100 degree weather.  needless to say, we were exhausted when i drove her back to her car in the hotel's parking lot.  i didn't want her driving at night when she was so tired, and went on the internet to quickly find some place for her to stay at the last minute that wouldn't stretch my already overspent budget for her stay in vegas..the riviera came up and the price was very cheap.  i made an online reservation and we drove there.the valet was very nice and when he saw i was on portable oxygen, he said he would park the car close by so i wouldn't have to wait long when i finished checking her in.  that was pretty nice!we went to the lobby and we were both impressed by the huge chandelier in the lobby.  very pretty.  there was a VERY loooong line to check in, so i thought this place must be great, to be so crowded!  my daughter stood in line with me for a while, but she was so tired, i told her to go sit down on the couch and she did.  i had left my oxygen in the car, thinking i would be right back out.  bad idea.  i was in line for over an hour, exhausted, watching my daughter practically falling asleep on the couch.after an hour, i finally got up to the desk.  the check in lady was actually very sweet and very personable and helpful.  i asked her to please give my daughter a view of the strip and she said no problem.we got the room key and made our way to the room.  it seemed like forever to walk down hallway after hallway, get to the elevator, and get up to her floor and into her room.  i was not very happy with the room.  it looked outdated and i wasn't  too sure about the cleanliness because the lamp was pretty dim, but the bathroom light was bright and it looked clean.  i went to the window and looked out, and the "strip view" i requested was a joke.  there were plenty of rooms that would have offered a REAL strip view and i would have gladly paid more for that if given the choice.  but i wasn't about to go downstairs and wait another hour so i was going to call the front desk when my daughter said not to worry about it.there were excellent drink specials in the bar which was really great.  i mean really really inexpensive, surprising for being on the strip.  however she really wanted to use the pool to relax before going to bed but it was closed.  it was only about  9 pm.  i was really surprised they closed the pool so early.  so much for getting any of the 'resort" that we paid a "resort fee" for.my daughter said she slept well and the bed was OK.  after hiking all day in 100 degree temps, i think any bed would have felt good!but as i said, you get what you pay for.  it was one of the cheapest rooms in the city that night, and it kept my daughter from having to drive when she was too tired to drive, so it suited its purpose.  when i got back to the valet stand about an hour and a half later, the valet was true to his word, remembered my first name and his promise, and got my car to me extremely fast.
1	This place is just a titch above a dump.   Couldn't even bring ourselves to stay there and ruin our 3 nights in Vegas, even paid extra to get the best room!   If there was any remodeling being done it was over 10 years ago.  I've seen Motel 6 rooms that were nicer than what I'm told was their luxuriously remodeled room with refrigerator.  OMG and the bathrooms were awful.   It's also a long way from the real strip.   Unless you want to spend a lot on taxis, you better plan to mostly just stay at this place and their meager offerings.  Why stay here when you can get so much more somewhere else?   Although I will say if you paid the $16 a night (rather than the 125 a night we did) you are probably getting what you paid for and you won't die but you won't be smiling either unless you're winning!   It didn't look dirty or anything.  It's just that there wasn't anything nice or remarkable about the property, especially after being told it was all remodeled and fabulous.
3	They have $1 black jack tables. But be prepare to play with people that splits 10s.
3	Didn't stay in the hotel, but was at the Riviera for several days because of a conference. It was just fine for our purposes, and when we got done with workshops, there was cheap blackjack to be played. Drinks were a little weak but draft beers worked well enough. If you have a need for cheap thrills, its not a bad place to go.
1	Because of the disgusting front desk here, my wife and I must move on after years of patronage. We won't EVER be back. In my previous review, I wrote about the dismal, understaffed piece of crap "welcome" one always receives when checking into this relic from the early days of Vegas sitting at the northern end of the Strip. I even received a sincere reply on yelp from the owner! But his words were nothing but empty fluff when, on our recent trip, we were so insulted, offended and disgusted at our treatment that we walked out on their clueless asses and into the amazing, welcoming arms of the Excalibur front desk staff.On Tuesday July 29th, our flights to Florida to visit my mom all got screwed up due to weather so we decided to hunker down overnight in Vegas and figure out a remedy on the following day. Our "go to" place has always been the Riviera, because it's cheap and easy to drive to on Paradise, although there is nothing much to love about it anymore as I said in my previous review.My wife easily booked us a room at the Riv using the internet on her cell phone, and it appeared there was a lot of availability. We taxied over and walked in around 7:30 pm.As usual, there was a long, barely moving line and only 2 or 3 people behind the front desk at any given time. Also as usual, the 2 or 3 people were constantly leaving their stations and disappearing behind the door to their rear for long periods of time.As usual the 3 check-in kiosks (which print room keys) were unused with nobody pointing them out to the exasperated guests.My wife and I knew about them so we checked in and went up to our room, completely exhausted and spent, and immediately heard what sounded like 6 drunken idiots in the next room, screaming, banging and completely disturbing the peace in our room.As usual, when we called the front desk nobody picked up after 150 rings. As usual, when we dragged our exhausted carcasses back down, the line had barely moved and there was still almost no sign of anyone doing anything behind the front desk.So, seeing as how we were starving, we decided to go out and eat at one of our favorite Thai restaurants and then come back and change rooms, on the chance that the line would be shorter.When we got back, we waited the line out and were eventually helped by a snarky, slimy blonde-guy with an ingratiating smile, who wouldn't know the meaning of hospitality if it shot up his hindquarters on a rocket-propelled popsicle stick. He had to take each one of our concerns behind the aforementioned door, and discuss them with some supervisorial no-sayer, who was unsympathetic to all of them. We were informed that there weren't any rooms they could move us to (my wife immediately proved he was lying by finding tons of them on her cell phone) and that "noise complaints" weren't a legitimate reason to change rooms, but that we could call Security as often as we liked (and the slimy asswipe wrote down the # for Security for us) until things quieted down. I told him that wasn't my style and that we needed to talk to his Supervisor.The Supervisor was a youngish guy in a suit who confirmed that there were no rooms he could move us to, and that noise complaints didn't cut it for a reason to move. We told him we were leaving and to credit our room charges back to our credit card. He said no!!! He said that we had checked in a few hours earlier and that it was too late for a refund, but that it was our remarkable luck that he suddenly DID have other rooms available. We told him that we hadn't used the room at all, that we would contest the charges on our credit card and that we were leaving right then.He looked deep in thought for a moment and then said if we would wait, he would physically walk up to the room and look at it to make sure we hadn't disturbed anything and if that was the case, he'd refund our money after all. So we stood there for another 20 minutes. He said the room looked fine and did refund our credit card.We taxied over to the Excalibur where it looked like 50 smiling, amazing people were staffing the front desk! We told our guy our story and he immediately upgraded us to an amazing remodeled room with a hot tub and lavished us with good vibes, hospitality, sympathy and friendliness. In a word, EVERYTHING lacking at the hellhole we had just left, forever.
2	My girlfriend and I stayed here last week. She was able to snag a really good deal on Groupon in which we paid about $45/night for a nice suite. The room itself was great, especially the bed. The TV was kind of junky and the remote was broken, but other than that I have no qualms about the room itself.What I do have a qualm about is being harassed by little dirt bags trying to sell timeshare. Apparently the Riviera has some sort of partnership with a timeshare investment company called "TLC". They station their representatives in a central location by the check-in desk and harass young couples. One of their little cretins ran up to my girlfriend and I and told us that he would give us free tickets to a show. We asked what the catch was, in which he told us there was "absolutely no catch". He then proceeded to tell us that we would get comped free show tickets and a food voucher if we sat in on a 1 hour presentation the next day (wait, I thought there was no catch?). After we kindly said no and tried walking away, the TLC representative became very aggressive and told us "Are you guys really that dumb? You guys are going to pass on an opportunity like this?" I googled this company and they have a lot of consumer complaints and scam alerts. Looks like I'm not the dumb one, sir, you are for pedaling this crap for a living :)The reason we were in Vegas was to get away from our everyday lives of dealing with all of life's unnecessary BS, including dealing with solicitors. We paid to stay at the Riviera so we could get away from stuff like this. The fact that we were being harassed and insulted by solicitors that are in partnership with this hotel we are paying to stay at is disturbing and flat-out tacky. I don't expect to come back to this place again.The only reason this gets a 2 star rating is for the price and for the nice bed.
2	Compared to the normal hotel in Vegas...this place is a DUMP.  Outdated, people are lower class and just a place I wouldn't go to in Vegas.  History or not...put some of those profits into the building
2	At $85 dollars a night I expect my towels to be clean. Not with a mascara imprint of someone's face from before. When we first arrived here our key didn't work. Our room which was supposed to he an "upgrade" was less than glamorous. The sheets are already stained and the pillows are thin. The fridge barely works and the neighbors are have been having the tv on blast all night.
2	Located on the older side of the strip.Unlike some other reviewers, I found the staff to be pleasant and the rooms were clean and comfy.I stayed in the luxury suites on the 61st floor in the Monaco towers. I paid $65 in addition to a $15 resort fee.Be warned they put a refundable $100 charge on your card until you check out.If you prefer to be around a hip, younger crowd, then this is not the hotel for you, it's mostly older people and um for lack of a better word, people of low caliber.I spotted a few low class hookers working the floor.The bars suck badly. The complimentary drinks are literally alcohol inspired and the drink specials were so weak that after 2 rounds we gave up.The casino sucks too, if you must stay here cause that's what your wallet indicates, then check in and head south on the strip until it's time to sleep.Circus Circus across the street has better slots.All in all not bad, but then again this should be a last resort type of place.
4	I was happy with my experience. Not the most upscale hotel, but the beds were very comfortable and all the staff I came into contact with were AWESOME(front desk manager, bartender, food court staff, casino people, security, etc).
1	Wowwwwwser RUDE front desk staff in person and on the phone doesn't matter what time of day or night. I know it's historic but besides what it use to be, is far gone now. Never will be back ! Pay a little extra somewhere else not worth the headache.  I'm easy going and respect people why is it so hard for your staff to do the same Riviera/ AM manager Angela/ PM manager Mandy ( hopefully you talked to that Jennifer on the PM shift) ? ? ? Your only as good as your team , step it up !!
1	Never again!This place is horrible!Dirty,outdated,the rooms are horrible,homeless people hang out by the pool deck asking for drinks!I actually think is very expensive for what i got.
1	My family and I stayed here for Labor Day weekend. The only thing I can say good about this hotel it's a pet friendly hotel, but if you have a pet the hotel room for pets are nasty, out dated, just gross!!  I asked for no smoking room but guess what I got a smoking room and the room smelled straight like cigarette! The hotel is really out dated, it smells and I guess they let anyone off the streets come to the pool. We seen lots of homeless and a guy going around asking for drinks then would just sit next to someone and see what they can get off of them (like really)? You have security just walking around but they don't say anything, it's just whatever to them.  I give this hotel one star because I can't leave it blank but this hotel should get none! I'm really really disappointed as a customer, I would never stay here again even if they let me stay for free, and on top of that this place is way to expensive for this dirty hotel!! I hope I help some of you, if your coming with your family I don't recommend this place at all!
3	I booked last minute on Friday night of Labor Day weekend, through Expedia. I checked in pretty late too, and that was fine! I upgraded to the Monaco tower for only $15 and it had updated appliances, but no fridge. I have also stayed in the smoking tower during EDC weekend. I would recommend upgrading to the Monaco tower, or anything else if possible. Parking can be far if you stay on a busy weekend, but at least it's free.
1	Couldn't get a taxi in the middle of the day outside of Peppermill so we walked through the Riviera to get to their taxi line. I've never seen so many gaunt-cheeked, skinny, trembling addicts in one spot in my life. Locals with tracks in their arms mixed in with tourists who didn't know any better when they booked their stay here. It was beyond creepy. I mean I actually felt like I was going to get cornered and rolled if I went to the bathroom alone.
1	Remember lion king? Think of all the nice and popular hotels. To me, those hotels are like the pride lands where everything is popping while rivieria is like the Outlands where Scar reigned over.  This place is shit. I can't describe how filthy and out dated everything is. The $20   resort fee? That place is a poor excuse of a resort. I booked through booking.com and was told that I would be given a deluxe room with a flat screen tv and a non smoking room. Our tv was an old school tv. Everything was shit. Floors were dirty, sink was old, drawers were run down. When we walked through the halls, it smelled so much like smoke. My parents actually had ashtrays in their room even though we requested a non smoking room. We went down and complained. When my mom asked for a room change, they said that they would spray the room down. My parents didn't like it but they accepted it. Spraying the place down doesn't do anything. The particles from the smoke is still there and is still dangerous. When I came and requested a room change, the woman rudely said that they couldn't change my room because I signed in through the kiosk. They would spray down my room. And then she said that I couldn't change my room because I already put my stuff down on the ground in the room. They would have to call room service to clean it up. Furious, I left but after carefully thinking about it, I decided to book somewhere else. Fine, they can take my $19 that I paid for that piece of shit room that I stayed for about 5 minutes. I talked to a girl who told me she would get the manager for me. She came back, interrupted me and said that I had to call booking.com and then they would give me a refund. Before I was able to talk, she walked away. Excuse me, I wanted to talk to management, NOT her. Fed up, I went and talked to another girl and told her to check me out without charging me a resort fee. I left and went to the signature at mgm and enjoyed every fucken second of it. Seriously Rivieria, I hope your goddamn poor excuse of a hotel and resort goes out of business.Usually, I suck it in because I try to understand what is out of control but I have never been treated so rudely.
3	I stayed here during Labor Day weekend (Friday afternoon until Sunday afternoon) and had no troubles except for parking. I was confused as to which driveway was the main one to find valet parking so we ended up doing the self-parking (which is okay but it would have been nice to have more distinctive signs up). Our check-in was originally around 2PM but since we got in around 1PM, I asked if we could check in early and there was no issue. Our room was a bit stuffy but after you turned on the air conditioning, it felt fine.The wallpaper in the bathroom looked a bit old so that was a bit strange but other than that, the room did the job for the weekend. We were barely in it anyway. One thing that probably would have made our experience better - room service. I found out they did have room service on our way out but it was not clear on the room telephone options. Anyway, for about $100/night, this was a doable room for LDW.
1	Worst vegas experience I have ever had!! The entire casino went down and would not let me cash out. Hundreds of angry gamblers last week. Had to wait two and a half hours to be manually paid out on my machine. Ordered a rollaway bed...took another 2 hours. Never again!
3	It was ok for the price : 30$ for 2 beds on a Saturday.Room was almost clean.
1	Rude front desk. There was a puke trail on the casino floor leading up to the rooms. The room we were assigned was so filthy. Hand prints and lip prints were impressed on the windows as if someone had just beenPressed up against it...ewwww. The room smelled like old carpet. We found white stains on the bed sheet as if they were never washed from the guests prior and the maid just straightened it out. We called to request another room, but the front desk never answered our calls. We had to personally walk to front desk and beg the rude employee to change our room. After much discussion and questioning, they changed our room. My boyfriend and I were terrified to sleep on the bed, we put T shirts over the pillow cases and slept under a blanket I brought from home for the car ride. I will never stay here again. Not even if the room was free. My health is worth more than a cheap room.
2	This hotel has seen better days. Definitely due for a complete remodel! With that being said, the R steakhouse is awesome. One of the best in Las Vegas.
1	Service horrible! One one elevators works in every section. I could piss harder than the water pressure in the bathroom. Couldn't get a parking spot even in valet. This place is a piece is a total piece of crap!
4	Great value !!! I booked thru hotels.com for $20 they upgraded me to a suite for another $20 the bars have great drink specials and they always have at least 1 $1 blackjack table. It is hard to get a seat at times. This is an older hotel and is a lite dated but it is clean staff is courteous what else can you ask.
1	I know this place used to be the be place back in the day but it just keeps slipping more and more into slum status. Fortune or mis fortune, however you would like to look at it, I am in Vegas every other week or so. I have stayed off and on at the Riviera for years and witnessed first hand its descent into the dregs. Here I am today, not my first choice for sure but it came up with a good rate so I thought, why not, let's see how the Riviera is doing. Ugh!!!!  It is Tuesday, I stood in line to check in/check out, stood there for nearly 20 minutes. They had two desk clerks and b periodically someone would step from behind and help someone.  I get to the desk and it is 12:00, I'm told that in addition to having to pay for my room and the "resort fee", I have to pay an early check in fee of $20.00. Seriously? 20 . 00 so she tells me I have to wait until 4:00 to check in without the fee. She also tells me I don't have to wait in line, I can check in myself at a Kiosk after 4:00. I note that all of the kiosks currently say, "not in service, use next kiosk". I have a meeting in roughly a half an hour, there is no one at the bell desk and a long line there too so I drag all of my luggage back out to the car vowing to NEVER stay at the Riviera again and to NEVER book any events there or even refer it to anyone ever. Would have been nice to clean up a little and change out of my shorts and t shirt in a hotel room rather than a bathroom since I have a meeting.When you read the negative reviews here and elsewhere, believe them. If I could give them less than a star I would.
1	My best friend came to visit me in Los Angeles for 2 weeks and we decided to take a trip to Vegas, being that the Rivera was cheap and looked fantastic on Expedia.com and their website we booked here! It was really bad. The room smelt and wasn't cleaned, I complained and was given a new room. The hotel is old and outdated if your going to go to Vegas you may as well spend an extra 50 bucks and stay at one of the more well known hotels as I found out and learned that you get what you pay for and with this hotel it was terrible! To add insult to injury my wife left her phone at the hotel so we called the lost property and it turned out to be there! So she was asked to describe the phone which she did and then the person working at the lost properly office asks her for her code! My wife he's tasted and said why, the person working informed her that she would not send her the phone unless she told her the pin code to her phone so she told her and then she starts asking what apps it what pictures she had! As if a description of my wife a phone wasn't enough! We where then told we had to pay 20 dollars to have the phone sent to to us. A terrible choice to stay here and would not reccomend to anyone'.
1	Okay, so update on my Riviera saga. I want to say, everyone on the staff here that I have spoken with has been polite and understanding.First off, posting this from my smart phone because the Internet does not work. Sometimes I can find the wireless signal and connect to the router but no internet. Others are having the same issue yet operator says everything should be fine and she will have someone look into it. I check into the room, can't wait to shower and get changed into some fresh clothes. I notice as I grab the bath mat that it is noticeably damp, almost wet. That to me was suspect so of course didn't feel like using the towels either. As if to further convince me, I see that the old soap from the previous guest is still sitting in a dried up mess of soap slop on the side of the tub. Classy.Okay, so all that said, the room was in good overall condition but the sliding closet doors, no doubt left over from the 50's were really ratty and rickety. The A/C, also probably from the 50's was on and was blowing cool air but it wasn't keeping the room cool.I spoke with a maintenance person who told me they have been through 3 different management companies in a very short time. What that means exactly I'm not sure but is no doubt indicitive of there being issues.I have reminded myself though to keep this all in perspective, the reason I booked here was the price. Room cost plus resort fee is still really reasonable. Should I expect more? Am I being too picky? Maybe a little but I have stayed at many other properties in Vegas and at similar rates and had a better experience.Not sure if there is a separate section for their steak restaurant or not but will post my experience here. Again, everyone was great as far as personality and service. Marsha the hostess introduced herself and even shook my hand. Adrian my server checked in with me often and kept up with everything as did Hector. I ordered the Prime Rib. It was the worst piece of meat I have ever had. To be clear, it was cooked the way I asked for it but the quality was so poor. It was really chewy, really tough, not enjoyable at all. The sides, mashed potatoes and green beans were great. Prices, if it had been a nice piece of meat, great. My check for just the meal and soft drink was about $25.00.
1	I wouldn't even give this place a star. We checked in at midnight after a long drive excited to get some rest.. I booked a double king room when we got to our room there were 2 full size beds, if you want to call them beds, I think I would have slept more comfortable in there parking lot. Then to top it off the air conditioner made this shaking sound all night like a washing machine on the spin cycle and randomly a loud slam like our neighbor slamming there door I turned off the air but the noise didn't stop.. really enjoyable night. Last I went in the bathroom to find am ice bucket of a yellowish clear liquid on the back of the toilet..not sure what it was but it looked to be pee. I wouldn't even walk back in to this place if you paid me.
1	4pm for check-in? No seriously ?No wifi access at all. You can even get a connection from circus circus from your room. Very old structure. Go to stratosphere for better service and rate.
1	Wish i could give no stars but here we go. Ive been here for a week, customer service is really bad. Drinks are very cheap but also comes with a bad attitude.  Dont ever order drinks from KT he likes to argue and talk back to customers.
2	Stayed here again on a quieter weekend. I'm writing this extremely annoyed, as I was awoken at 8:30 am in my suite to shitty, LOUD, rap music in the parking lot across the street. My boyfriend was up super late and is somehow sleeping through this, that's the only reason I'm not switching rooms as we speak. My suite is in the south tower, facing the bus lodging. Apparently, the empty parking lot behind Peppermill is a place for people to go and blare music, looked like they might've been selling tacos or something too. I love rap, it's all I listen to, but fuck this shit. The line for check in has also been at LEAST 30 minutes, even if the self check in/check out machines were working. That's something the Riviera needs to work on and stop ignoring. If someone can't check in for whatever reason, they should be moved to the side. The line should be consistently moving people! Also, my suite was okay but they need to at least replace shower heads if they're not going to renovate. I felt fancier at a holiday inn, than I did in this suite. If you don't want to wait to check in until 4, usually they'll let you free of charge whenever the maids are done!
1	In a word: HORRENDOUS!I don't think anything I will state in this review will be news.  Their check-in process needs major workflow evaluation.  We got there at 7:30pm and it took almost 45 minutes to get to the desk.  That's ridiculous and I can only imagine what it would have been at 4pm.The front desk clerk immediately informed me that the king bed we requested wasn't available, but we could upgrade to a luxury room. No sorry, no concern, just... an upsell.  I informed her that we would stick with what was given to us, but she quickly informs us that once we get into the room and decide we want to upgrade to a "luxury" room, go back down and let her know and she would change our rooms.  As we went to the Mediterranean Tower, we noticed that the hallways were dimly lit, the carpets were stained, and there was a musty smell.  This was indicative of what we found inside as well.  The room was VERY dated, the air conditioning was sputtering, and state of the furnishings were sad.  We immediately picked up the phone to inform the front desk that we would like to upgrade.  The man who picked up flat out denied our request for an upgrade.  Mind you, we said we were willing to pay for the upgrade, we weren't looking for a handout.  The man stated that since we step foot into the room, he would have to have it cleaned and he didn't have the staffing for that.  We explained that the front desk clerk who checked us in offered to have us examine the room first.  He states that she wasn't allowed to do that and he will not upgrade us.  We asked to speak with a manager and he states that he WAS the hotel manager.  If this was indeed the case, this is the worst customer service I've encountered.  What hotel would refuse a customer PAYING for an upgrade?  He then states that he can send a maid up to tidy up the room if we were unhappy... but weren't we just informed that he didn't have the staff for that?  So the maid he was going to send up wouldn't be the same one who can clean the room we had "soiled" by just stepping in?  Things didn't add up.Anyhow, the room was in shambles, as you can see from the pictures I'll post.  Mold in the shower, peeling wallpaper, soiled/ripped linens, the list goes on and on.  We didn't expect a 5 star hotel, but the dilapidated room PLUS the ridiculous management really soured our stay.  Never again for us or anyone we know.
2	This hotel in Vegas needs to be upgraded. The lounge and welcome area is old school and the elevators are janky.  The rooms are 70s style, but spacious - especially when they upgraded us to a suite room.  There is a convenient ABC store inside the hotel - great for shopping, hydrating yourself (only a dollar for liter of water) or getting some handles.The pool is quite enjoyable and there are cabanas on the side.I still think that this hotel needs to be done up, so it will be able to charge more and ultimately look more hospitable!
1	This place is horrible!!! I went to Vegas to fight. They had no wifi in my room the hotel was filled with walmarts finest and the customer service was the worst. This hotel single handedly ruined my trip I won my fight but it was overshadowed by this horrible experience. I will never go there again and the next day after I left someone was shot in the parking lot . Management would not help me in any way after numerous emails and trips to the desk. Uhg..... I wish I could give this place negative stars that's how bad it was.
1	This hotel SUCKS!!!!!!! The employees clearly have no manners or sense of customer service! They told us check in time was at 1230 with an upgraded room and then they said 1 now they said at 4. Garbage garbage gaaaaaaarbage!! Its extremely cold for no reason and honestly we have had the worst experience ever!DONT come here unless youre extremely broke
1	This place used to be the place to stay, eat and gamble! but its nothing like that anymore, this place is a depressing hell hole, its really gone down.
1	BEWARE OF BED BUGS!!!!!!!!!Because it's not bad enough that we found a bed bug, we had to deal with shitty ass employees that hate their jobs (with the exception of a few). Seriously though, by far the worst customer service I have ever received in my life, mostly dealing with the Hotel manager, and a few of the bellman. First off, they managed to mess up our reservation, thank goodness we had printed everything out because their computers said we were leaving a day earlier than what we had paid for. After waiting a lengthy time at the registration counter, we finally got settled into our room. Less than an hour later, we find a bed bug!!!!!!!!! We bagged it up & took it to the front desk....a security supervisor went in to let the hotel manager know what we had found and sent him back with new keys to completely different rooms. I was absolutely shocked that an industry based on customer service would be such cowards to not address the issue nor apologize to us for our inconvenience, the least the manager could've done was walked out & apologized, clearly he was too busy. So they give us new rooms & we get there & housekeeping has just arrived to get them ready.....seriously???!! I was pissed, I wasn't in the mood to wait another hour until our rooms were ready so I called the front desk & asked to speak to the manager which in turn gives us two of the shittiest rooms I have ever stayed in & called them "suites". From ripped up curtains to cabinets missing drawers & broken lamp shades, I was speechless. I will NEVER stay here again & I will make sure no one I know ever does!
2	This hotel was cheap and conveniently located on the strip; the staff were all pleasant and helpful as well, but that's about all I can say about it that's positive.  The entire casino is in need of an update.  The carpet throughout was old, and the theatre we saw the magic show in was very dated.  There was a hole in the wall of the room we got and the sliding closet door was off the hinges.  The shower nozzle was also clogged and had poor water pressure.  The room had the worst view and curtains wouldn't even close all the way so we could sleep in.  Parking in the garage was usually difficult.  I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're really on a budget.
1	Very disappointed, will never and ever try to book again here . Carpet in the room is dirty, smells bad . They need to upgrade everything. They don't even have  a coffee maker in the room. Air conditioner sucks. We even asked the front desk if we could be transferred to another room but we have to pay additional $15 a night just to be a transferred to a " luxury room". And also I even asked a housekeeper if we could borrow a spray just to get rid of the bad odor in the room and guess what nothing happened. Lesson learned DONT BOOK HERE AND PAY A lITTLE EXTRA so you and your family will be more comfortable in your stay in Vegas.
1	Old and outdated hotel, extremely uncaring and Non accommodating staff, terrible housekeeping and unpleasant all around. Will not stay here even for free...
1	Major dump, stay away. Only nice area is by the pool... Promotes $1 blackjack but it's only a couple tables and u can never get in... Rooms are shit - old and outdated even tho advertised as "remodeled". Yeah right.... STAY AWAY!!! Never again ever even if free...
2	Bed bug! Found a bed bug crawling on the bed.  I reported it to the front desk. Also was required to file incident with security. The staff was so helpful, positive, and nice. Requested to change rooms - didn't want to take any bugs home and didn't think I would be able to sleep the next few nights I was there. I didn't think I was bitten - no pain, redness or punctures on my body. I just wanted to go back to enjoying Vegas. I come home and I itch all over and get rash and blisters on my arms, chest, and shoulders. I looked up bed bugs and it turns out that you may not feel the symptoms until a few days after. I go into panic mode and immediately suspect that I took home a bedbug. I wash everything in hot water, flip over every piece of furniture and triple vacuum every square inch of my apartment. I stop itching, no bedbugs in sight (thank goodness) but I still have ugly blisters that everyone just has to look at, until it heals.  This is 2 weeks after Vegas. Just wanted to give an fyi.
5	I always stay at the Riviera.  I have for years.  Only once did I stray, when the hotel was booked solid.  The rooms are always clean, the staff is the friendliest in Vegas.  It's great, especially if you like some quiet time.  The food establishments go from fast food in the food court, pub food in the Wicked Vicky's, Chinese food, and fine dining.  The prices are very reasonable, and they have so many shows I still haven't seen them all.  I read several of the "complaints" here, and as I've stayed there several dozen times over the last 5 years, I can say that I have never had a bad experience.  Rooms good, staff great.  It's not the Wynn, but then again neither are the prices.
2	This place is worth it if you aren't willing to pay a lot for your stay in Vegas. My experience was rather poor, because we got placed in corner room, far away from any other service, our key was deactivated before our stay was over and we didn't extend it. The wifi never reached our room, and we recieved minimal help after calling more than once for help.
1	We were confirmed for 4 nights but had to check out after the first night due to a bed bug infestation. This hotel is old, smelly and just overall filthy. It needs to be torn down and rebuilt. We will never stay there again.
4	The casino rocks, friendly dealers, nice fun tables.....played black jack and craps until the sun arose, older hotel and casino, but really nostalgic.
4	Stood here for the weekend and had a great experience! There was a very long line at check in, however there was a self check in kiosk so I did that and within 10 minutes I was walking inside my room! Room was average size with a comfortable bed. I loved that there was an music box to plug in my phone and hear my music and a fridge as well. Food court also had a nice selection of places to eat. Didn't have a chance to gamble but overall enjoyed my stay despite all the bad reviews. I would definitely stay here again!
5	Come in to this knowing that you're staying at an older hotel. The rooms are nice with quite a few modern touches, like TV and furniture. The beds are absolutely amazing.y friend and I stayed two nights at the NY-NY  before staying our last night here, and the beds here were far more comfortable. Would definitely stay here again.
1	This hotel gets one star because i'm forced to put a star the hotel is whatever, you obviously know what you're getting yourself into by staying here. the room is decent, beware of the horribel stench the bathroom has. the housekeeping lady is absolutely a sweetheart -- so can't complain there. The wifi will not work, even though you call 5 times for them to come and fix it and they promise they will but it won't. i dont care for wifi but since i had my teenager sister with me who can't gamble, you can see why the wifi was important. but here it comes: the check in lady failed to tell me my card was going to get charged $238! i am so angry, i could drive the 300 miles to go and speak to a manager in person and tell them to hire better staff. So, i got my room through groupon, i made the mistake of not booking two nights, i get that. i was under the impression that i did book two nights so when i first checked in i asked if this was true, i was told IT WAS-- check in lady: "you are booked for two rooms THROUGH groupon" when i checked out, same situation: Check in lady:  "you will only be charged the $39 hotel fee, but your 2 nights were charged through groupon" i said-- " are you sure, only $39 will get charged" --- check in lady: "yes of course here is your receipt" so you can imagine my surprise when i went to check my account and i have a wopping $238 charge from them! just got off the phone with the manager and of course there is nothing they can do. if i knew i was going to pay that amount, i would have stayed at a much better hotel. i can't describe the anger i feel because i was told nothing but $39 would get charged on my card. i work in customer service so when employees doesn't advise me of what's going on, i am left speechless- because i do a great job at telling customers everything that is going on with THEIR BANK ACCOUNT! how dare you lie to my face and tell me one thing, this is my money. so, no i will never stay here again. advice for Riviera: hire better staff who is not going to lie to their customers to their face.
3	I have been to Riviera with friends before, but this is the first time I have been a guest. I used the "self check-in." The machine held the standard deposit on my card and had me check-in, but at the end it said "see front desk attendant to complete check-in." Several people behind me had the same issue. So after waiting in line to use the self check-in the lady at the front desk told me I had to stand in the main line. By this point I have already been waiting twenty minutes. I only stayed here for the convenience (I am attending a convention across the street). However, this is not convenient at all. I wait 20 mins for the self check-in and then 25 minutes in the main line.  We all have days we don't want to be at work, but this attendant was so slow,rude, and unhelpful. You definitely get what you pay for. Horrible service and a mediocre room.
2	Wasn't pleased with our service... Easy self check in & valet was great... But front desk needs some attention. They have a fabulous, efficient self check in along with huge check in lines and nobody referring them to the kiosk. I was disappointed when I rented a movie & fell asleep... Continued to watch my movie in the AM and was charged double. $15.99 times two for the same movie?? I even talked to a supervisor. He insisted there was nothing he could do about the charges because the movie had ran all the way through. Smh. What a rip off!
2	We have one more night here I hope the ceiling does not cave in. Water spot in the corner from the room upstairs a hole in the ceiling on the other side. The only reason this gets 2 stars is because head of housekeeping was extremely nice and showed us how to get to our room. I think this place just needs some maintenance and it will be great.
3	It's the Riv. You know the deal.  Rooms are updated from the last time I stayed, so the showers are actually tall enough for real people now. In Monaco tower, the rooms were clean and modern. The rooms smelled nice. Minor surface wear to the bathroom door, but (shrug) who cares. No coffee maker.  Had a fridge. Cable selection is pretty grim, but you aren't really in Vegas to watch TV at the Riv are you? Easy walking distance to the LVCC if you're in town for work. Easy walking to the rest of the strip. Next door to the iconic Peppermill restaurant (eat there at least once)The Riv is great if you want a few days in the sun by the pool and if you don't feel 100% about you in a bathing suit, the Riv is great for that too.  All shapes and sizes here, not just the pretty people pool.  Concerns: found a flier for a time share or something under my door. No Riv stamp, so I gave it to the front desk expecting/hoping they would care. "Sorry about that" was the reply.  Um, I'm at the end of the hall and you don't care any more about security to even pretend to want to look into this? At least give me lip service.  I'm not (really) paranoid, but I like to think I have a little more security than that. Tip: Buy the stroller from the kid store in the lobby, it's better quality than the one for the same price at the CVS. Tip: Shop at the ABC.
3	I was there for 3 days. The suite was nice & comfy.  Last day we moved to a regular room which was ok & spacious. Besides the sheets smelly bleachy, the bartender a little rude, & me losing at the tables, it actually wasn't too bad. We made up by finding other events to do for more fun in our times in Vegas.  They do have a check in kiosk machine that made checking faster than lining up btw. At the price we got it at , it was ok.  Next time around , I would pay a little more for a nicer casino hotel to play in
1	At first I really enjoyed this when I went for Edc weekend but after leaving a very expensive suit behind I had to call everyone and their mother and some how the suit disappeared I had to speak to the housekeeper then transfer to security then all this bullshit to write an email for no one to get back to me I can tell many people have lost things and never been returned I highly suggest staying at a much safer hotel if you don't want to get your things stolen from these thieves
2	Being generous considering we found two bugs. The beds are comfy,  staff is a little pushy on hotel promotions, not the cleanest but not the dirtiest.
1	Staying at the Riviera was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Absolute nightmare.My girlfriend and I had booked 3 nights at the Riviera 3 and half months before we stayed there. We selected a non-smoking luxury room with a king bed. I double checked the reservation before we left, and everything was good to go - we were excited! We checked into the hotel late in the evening and were given our room key along with some brochures. Tired from the drive, we couldn't wait to get to our room and crash. But upon finding our room we discovered that we had been placed in a smoking, classic room with two beds. The room stank. Neither I nor my girlfriend are smokers, and though we had specifically booked a non-smoking room, we were forced to cohabitate amidst the saturated stench of a dirty ash tray. But the smell wasn't the only unpleasant thing about the room, not by a long shot. For starters, it was ugly as sin. There walls were stained, the bathroom cabinets were missing knobs, and the wallpaper was so hideous that it took every ounce of willpower I had not to gouge my eyes out.I immediately called the front desk to get this sorted out, explaining that there was a mistake and we had not been placed in the room we ordered online. The front desk clerk told me that the hotel was completely booked and there were no available rooms to switch into. She suggested checking back in the morning around 11:00 a.m. to see if there had been any check outs.11 a.m. rolls around and I am at the front desk checking to see if anything has opened up. Nothing. The clerk tells me there are still no available rooms, but to try back in a few hours. Fast forward and I'm back there again listening to them tell me that there are no rooms and there is nothing they can do. I ask to speak to the manager, and after about 15 minutes of waiting, he comes out of his office to speak with me. The clerks at least pretended like they wanted to help me and were doing everything they could, this guy had a pompous air about him that let me know I was wasting his time before he even said anything. I once again explained my situation, to which he smugly replied that the room choice option on their website was a preference and did not guarantee that the preferred room type would be reserved. Furthermore he told me that the hotel had enough guests to fill the luxury rooms, so he didn't feel inclined to switch us. Then, with the phoniest and most self-satisfied smile I had ever seen, he reiterated that there was nothing more he could do. What kind of bullshit is that? I don't know about you, but when I book a room I assume that the room I booked will be reserved.Feeling defeated, I retired to my room to tell my girlfriend what had happened. But it wasn't over.Later that night, we were getting ready to go to sleep. I was laying on the bed watching TV and she was just stepping into the bathroom when suddenly she released a blood curdling shriek. She screamed so loud I was sure I was about to see a dead body laying there on the bathroom floor. What I saw was worse. Scurrying across the floor was the most enormous cockroach I have ever seen. This thing was HUGE I'm talking the size of a small mouse. After completely losing our shit, my girlfriend and I regrouped to formulate a plan of attack. Our first instinct was to curb stomp the shit out of this vile creature, and send it back to the pits of hell from whence it came. But we resisted these urges in favor of a much more devious plan - bring it to the front desk.I somehow managed to capture the disgusting hell-beast in a plastic cup, and skipped joyfully down to the lobby to speak with the manager. He emerged from his office looking complacent as ever, no doubt prepared to send me packing once again. "How can I help y--" he began to say as I placed the cup on the counter in front of him. Upon seeing this captured behemoth, his eyes went wide and the smugness left his face faster than you can say "la cucaracha." He was utterly petrified, and I was loving every second. Fixated on the cup for a few moments, he looked up at me with a grimace and said "I don't like bugs." And without missing a beat my girlfriend replied, "Neither do we." The delivery of that line could have been straight out of a movie, almost too good to be unscripted.To his credit, the manager ended up giving us a $40 compensation to eat at one of the hotel restaurants. It didn't make up for our experience but at least it was something. In addition, he MAGICALLY found a luxury room for us to stay in for our final night there. So on one hand that was nice, but also a glaring confirmation that those assholes lied to us about the hotel being completely booked. Overall, I would rate my experience at the Riviera as thoroughly horrendous and would NOT recommend anyone to go there. Ever.
4	It's Vegas right? A room is to sleep at night only! The rest doesn't matter.. But, the Rivera needs major room/decor improvements. The room is decorated from the 70's or even 60's. The shower heads are so small.. If your really tall your going to have a hard time showering! Housekeeping kept our room nice and clean each time. The main lobby is so old school and outdated as well. I was greeted by the front desk -- I had no issues. They were very friendly and generous telling me where my room was located. The gambling tables were very friendly! I think I lost all my money! I had bad luck! :( Ps: shop at the ABC store!! :)
5	I just gambled at the Riviera casino and I had a great time we came here for the dollar black jack tables and we gambled for awhile having fun... I wish they had more tables for the dollar black jack but overall it was super fun! Every dealer had a great personality from the black jack rule police to the joking relaxed dealers, I learned some new rules from one dealer and laughed with some dealers and had a great time... I do recommend the friendly environment of the Riviera
1	Worst front desk service ever!!!I sent a gift basket to someone who was staying there and called to check if they had picked it up. the guy at the front desk did not know what to say except it was probably transferred to the UPS store which is now closed and so it will not be possible for my friend to get it today...what?!??! What kind of hotel does such a thing???This was my 4th encounter with the front desk, all 4 times were useless. Never seen anything like it.
1	We purchased 3 days stay at the Riveriera Hotel in Las Vegas. We checked in at the self-check in kiosk, however they checked us in a different party's reservation and charged is for $100 hold and resort fees. We went to the room assigned and the room was not made. The bed was still used and dirty towels were on the floor. We went back down to the hotel registration and they informed us of the incorrect registration error and said that my card was now charged for our resort fees and that we will be credited for the other party's fees once they check out. When looking at the receipt, it showed my name with a different credit card number. I told them that it was incorrect and they was insisting that was the card given when booked with Bookit.com. It was past 12am and everyone was tired so we just got our new keys and went to our room. When finally settling in, I pull the blankets to climb into be and see white sheets with dirt on them. This hotel is dirty and the service is horrendous. If only we didn't oay in full already, we'd switch hotels. Never again!
2	I stayed in the Mediterranean Tower on a Thursday until Sunday at The Riveria. There wasn't a refrigerator in our room, the room didn't come stocked with all of the essentials for travel, the TV service in the room is lacking (HDTV with no HD and lousy low def lodgenet service), and we had two rooms we had booked to be next to each other, but they were not able to make this happen. However, the casino is very nice and the staff is very friendly, and there's a nice pool and a tattoo shop along with other shops. Just take note that the Mediterranean Tower is inexpensive, so expect to be a bit underwhelmed. The one thing that made my 3 star rating a 2 star was the unavailability of WiFi, which is crucial for someone like me. The WiFi was working great on our first night's visit, but then the WiFi network dropped off early the next day on my and my friend's devices, and I was unable to log on with my laptop computer. Certainly the hotel can provide better coverage, especially for someone who might have to remotely connect into work in the case of an urgent matter, and it would have also been nice to play music on too. Of course I was in an inexpensive part of the hotel, but I wouldn't stay at a hotel that didn't have reliable WiFi. I called the front desk to complain and they thanked me for reporting it, but unfortunately we were unable to get back on the WiFi network in my and my friend's room, and we were a good distance apart. I hate to say it, but I don't think I would stay at this hotel unless I was given a free night's stay in a better room with WiFi that will continue to work. Here's hoping they give me a chance to formulate a second opinion. ;-)
1	Room was fine especially for the price but -  I would never stay again.What is the 'resort fee for"  Pool was closed and there was military type security guards intimidating us as we start 'next to the pool.   One of the black female  security gaurds yelled a lady with a Yorkie dog.  My friend felt we were in Bosnia under military rule.  (I think I should report them to the BBB.  How can they have a pool on all websites but you can not use it)Also, no business center, no gym, no coffee, no nothing.
1	This place is a blast from the past in every way shape and form -  The Only thing it has going for it is how close it is to the convention center Bring you Ebola hazard suits here - you will need them - who knows what is hidden behind the walls of this place
1	I arrived to check in at 3pm, I was told by the front desk that they only had a studio available but it would be more money. When I explained that I had a reservation the lady again said all that she had was a studio and it would cost more money. I pulled out my confirmation (made 2 months prior) and she said that I could try coming back after 4pm (their check in time) to see if they had a room. Who has a 4pm check in time?Well, I did manage to get a room in the new tower. The room number was 4329, which deceivingly is on the second floor. The room itself was dated, but reasonably clean. The view from the window was of the first floor roof and nothing else.When I tried to log onto the internet there was zero signal so I called the front desk and was told they would get right on it and that I should expect to be able to logon soon. I called 4 times a day for the 3 nights I was there and it was never fixed. NO INTERNET!Pros: Close to the Las Vegas Convention CenterCons: Rude front desk          Rude manager          4pm check in          Obviously they don't care about their guest at all          Dated rooms          Dated hotel          Over-priced (I paid $90/night with a discount)          No internet          Not close to the action on the strip          No good bars or restaurants in hotel          Hopefully they will demolish the place and build a better place soon. I will never stay here again!
1	I wish I didn't have to give it a star but I do. I'm not sure where I should begin. First off I was there for our ball. I didn't want to have to pay the $200 for the night at the Rio where our ball was being held so I stayed here. Worst mistake! I got the room for $50 but after fees it went up to $90. Still not a bad price for Vegas. As we were walking to our room we had made it to our hallway and I just have to say that is stunk really bad. The hallway had a completely different smell then the casino. When we got into our room it was of decent size. The room had an odd smell but I sprayed my perfume to take away the smell. The bed was comfy so I can't really complain. A few days later I was checking my account and seen that I was charged $186.36 for the room! There were so many hidden fees that they don't tell you about. The pool was closed so there shouldn't even be a resort fee. I'm looking in taking them to court.
3	Stayed here the weekend of the SEMA show with my husband and friends. We were looking for something cheap, so we went into this knowing that $114/night wasn't buying us luxury in Vegas! We stayed in the North Mediterranean Tower - yeah the decor is very outdated, bathroom is tiny, and I wore my flip flops around the hotel room because who knows what is festering in that old carpet...but it's barely decently clean if you just want a bed for the night and don't care.The staff was nice, no problems with checking in and our keys functioned just fine all weekend. No weird charges. No bugs, thank goodness.All in all, it could've been a lot worse! After reading the reviews, I half-expected our experience to be nightmarish. But surprisingly, it really wasn't that bad. If you're looking for a cheap room and don't mind the walk to all the action in Vegas, then the Riviera will work just fine.
1	Very disappointing. I wasn't expecting much to begin with. But having to pay almost $20 extra just to have a non smoking room? Definitely the first and last stay for us. Room was really run down. AC didn't cool at all. Room was hot all night. WiFi very intermittent and weak. I won't even get started on the ridiculous amount of time it took to finally get checked in! Definitely worth a few more dollars to go elsewhere.
1	This place has bed bugs. I stayed there November 8th thru 11th. When we contacted the front desk, they sent up a security person to confirm what we already knew he took my statement,  took a picture of it, took it with him assigned a case #. He also took pictures of the bites on my arm.  The next day when you realize that another friend of mine have been bitten as well. So we reported back to the front desk and they set up another security person to take pictures of her arm. They did put us in another so called suite. The shower had mold in the bottom and was useless to us. My bites became very infected so when I came home I went to the doctor and found that I am infection from the bites. So I ended up taking antibiotics for 10 days along with an antibiotic ointment for 7 days. The infection was so bad and I was told if I had not come in at that time I would have more than likely ended up with a staph infection. About a week later I was finally contacted by the hotel and they confirmed what we already knew the first room we stayed in was tested and confirmed that they were bed bugs. I would not recommend anyone staying at this place.
3	I have never stayed in this hotel nor will I ever.  It's like stepping into a time machine and going back at least 30 years.  The carpet is old and dated looking, bar servers look like they have been doing their job at least 30-40 years, and even the food court is old and dab.  So why the 3 stars? They have one of the coolest attractions that the fancy and new hotel and casinos don't have; vintage pinball machines and arcade games! Yes, I grew up at the arcade with my siblings.  First watching my brother play Galaga and Pac Man, and my sister working her way to becoming a pinball wizard.  Soon, I wished I was a pinball wizard.  The Riviera has about 20-25 pinball machines and it's an annex of the Pinball Hall of Fame located east of Tropicana.  There are change machines to get quarters and games are 50 or 75 cents.  Some offer 3 games/$2.  They have the vintage machines with no ramps and a few bumpers to the newer games like Batman and Lord of the Rings.  I played a few and liked the ones where I could get to play multiple balls.They also had Frogger, Donkey Kong, and a few other arcade games.  I spent $3 here, and it lasted me way longer than playing a slot machine and I had more fun.   There are 2 massage chairs too, so if your spouse/partner isn't a pinball fan they can sit back.  But the wifi connection isn't great here and you are likely better off to use the McDonald's network (it's across the street).If you don't make it off the strip to the Pinball Hall of Fame, walk north and check out the games at Riviera.  It doesn't seem to get much traffic so I had my pick of what games to play!
1	This  hotel  might  have  been  cool  some 40 years  ago. Avoid  staying  here  at  any cost.
2	I was there for the Dance Convention last weekend. My room was very spacious and bed was comfortable. However I don''t think this hotel has seen a remodel since it was opened last century. Looks like a place that time forgot. There is also a lemony odor everywhere in the hotel. When we were there there was an overpowering sewer smell that lasted a few hours each day. The smell was so unbearable to the point it may have been toxic and perhaps put people's health at risk. What I like about the hotel is the cheap rates per room, especially if you research on your phone apps. As per staying here in the future, I'd much rather spend a little more and stay at a more modern hotel.
3	For the money, a good place to stay. I stayed in the Monaco tower and the room was attractive, quiet, and clean. Bed was comfy and I had a good night's sleep every night I was there. Just be sure to bring your own coffee maker since the room has none. Of course you can always go downstairs and buy a cup of coffee, but I like to have coffee almost immediately after waking up, so that doesn't work for me. At that time of morning, I am not "presentable" enough to go downstairs if you know what I mean.
1	Our stay was an absolute disaster!  We had a lamp that was removed as a safety hazard and never replaced.  We requested repeatedly that another lamp be brought that would allow us to plug in our computer, but in the end it didn't make any difference anyway since we couldn't connect to the internet.  We were told that it was our computer settings, but this afternoon moved to the Tuscany, which also has a public network connection, and connected WITHOUT incident IMMEDIATELY!!  So, clearly it was not our computers, but YOUR network!  Then about an hour after the maintenance man came and took the lamp which was never replaced (so don't you dare try to tell me that it is on me that it is gone!) we turned on our TV only to find that the worker had disconnected EVERYTHING and not hooked it back.  FINALLY over an hour later somebody came and fixed that.   There was a constant smell of marijuana smoke on our floor, and evidently on others as well according to friends that stayed elsewhere in the hotel.  The room was FILTHY, with dust and garbage behind the dressers and the TV stand, and the excuse we were given was that it is the "union."  No, it is carelessness!  No coffee maker in the room?  I have never stayed ANYWHERE that didn't offer coffee!  EVER!  I don't care that we didn't have a microwave, but no coffee?  Three nights in a closet!  Barely room to turn around, and all you can offer is a $50 restaurant credit.  That is simply unacceptable!  Then as we were leaving we asked for a Bellman to help with our luggage, including a plate of cookies for my fiance's brother.  She specifically requested that he be careful with the plate and even told him what it contained, and he promptly dumped the cookies all over the hallway and then threw them into a tote bag filled with shoes!  We sure can't give them to ANYBODY now! There is NO excuse for the way we were treated this weekend!  We will certainly NOT be back.
2	This casino is good - for a laugh, that is. The casino that time forgot about.This place is stuck in the '70s. The movie Casino was filmed here and apparently one of the reasons the filmmakers decided to use this casino was because it still had that '70s look to it which was a plus since the movie largely takes place in that decade. That was twenty years ago. Fast forward to 2014 and it still looks like the '70s in here. I think the waitresses have probably been working here since the '70s too. A few of them look like they should be collecting their Social Security by now.The Wi-Fi in here is weak and slow. When I checked in here on the Yelp app I had to use the Wi-Fi from the MacDonald's across the street. Their connection is stronger in here than the Riviera's.One claim to fame that sets the Riv apart from the other casinos is its vintage pinball machines. If you're a pinball fetishist, you'll love it. I've got my doubts as to whether or not the Riv set up this vintage arcade on purpose. They probably think these are state-of-the-art machines and that they are cutting edge entertainment. Vintage? What do you mean?
1	Stayed here this weekend with a group, had prepaid for the room a month in advance through our group, but when arriving, we stood in line for an hour to check in, the desk told us we had to pay an additional "resort fee" but we told them that was not true and that everything was supposed to be taken care of since we had paid a month in advance, the lady had an attitude and said, that we wouldn't have to pay, but still had to sign something saying that a resort fee would be charged, and we said again we shouldn't be charged this fee and why do we have to sign something saying we will pay it if we won't be charged, she again assured us that we wouldn't have to pay it, we ask her if we do get charged who do we contact about it, she said, you can leave a message fir the management, although we didn't agree with the terms on what we were signing, we had to sign it in order to get our room keys. The room seemed clean and sort of up to date, which was the only good thing about this hotel, everyone in our group had some kind of issue and the trip was ruined thanks to the Riviera Hotel, we will never stay at this dump again
5	It's Vegas.  Old school Vegas.  Checked in with Marie.  Great job Marie.  Friendly,  explained my stay, I would come back just for that.  A lot of the newer "Upity" hotels and casinos have forgotten what service is.  This place just makes you feel old Vegas.  Like you are important.  Not a number.  Casino is dated, but so are casinos in Old Vegas.  This is the last monument on the strip...yes on the strip,  to stand the test of time.  I love the pictures of history they display throughout the Casino.The rooms, clean, comfy, nice pillows and bed, dark so you can sleep in.Riviera,  it's Vegas, and it's a party there.  Great job.
1	This place is filthy! our room was horrible. I will never stay here again. But I guess we all get what we pay for... it is outdated and in dire need of renovation. Maid service is horrible I had toothpaste stains in the bathroom from the previous person that stayed there. The bed was dirty, the couch was dirty... it was just horrible!!! I do not recommend at all. Pay a little extra and go somewhere else.
3	Ugh people who are writing reviews for this place either never stayed in Vegas or have sticks up their Butt. Now for my review. I stayed here late September and it was great.  Room was decent the food court had a great selection and everything you need is in this place it just is old. The gym was the best part it had all things a gym should need it just looked like it came from the 60's but it works!  The pool was decent.  Gaming floor was small. And 14.50 is so e of the cheapest resort fees on the strip. The place is old but its cheap can it be better? Yes but vegas is in a recession and most of the other casinos are in major debt like 11 billion in debt. They know their target market cheap skates and they know they will get it full.
5	This is my second time staying at the Riviera and all I can say it's great place to stay in Vegas. Its extremely affordable, clean and close walking distance to the heart of the strip.Riviera is one of the oldest Vegas hotels that has rich history, has it's own defined look and hosted all the big names of 50's, 60's, 70's and on.I don't understand people complaining on it's looks and facilities, it's an older hotel and it is great for the money and if you don't like it than go pay somewhere else $200-$300 a night per room and don't leave negative and whining complaints.
1	I really try to avoid negative reviews unless absolutely necessary. But to not warn people would be a disservice. Worst hotel I've ever had the displeasure of staying at. We payed an extra sixty dollars for a "suite." We thought we had teleported to a motel 6. Which is impossible, because motel six shits on the Riviera. Aside from walking in on the cleaning lady taking an obnoxious dump on the job, we were treated to horrendous decor. I've never been a person who cared too much for aesthetics but holy Christ, it was loud and seemed as though the designer swallowed paint and diarrhea sprayed the excrement all over the room. Beds were uncomfortable and the shower was lousy. When you open the blinds you get a scenic view of Las Vegas...construction. No pretty lights, no sir. Just construction. On top of the fact that every place in the hotel looked incredibly sad and desolate, at least we were in great company. Everyone in the hotel looked like they wanted to kill us. They might as well have so we wouldn't ever have to suffer the shame again. And the icing on the cake, taxi drives avoided us like the plague. Such a sad hotel. Do yourself a favor and stay at the McDonald's across the street. At least they won't make you feel like a complete asshole.
1	It is one of the worst places to stay in Vegas. The rooms are super bad and to top it all it is really old. They promised us extra bed and they failed to provide one. The toilet had water issue. It is serious time for it to get remodeled.  The food court was available but no restaurant pleased us to eat there. Regarding its casino, please forget that such thing exists; Its just a joke, like having a Ferrari toy and feeling that you actually own one. My suggestion is for people to please stay out of this place. Pay a bit extra but you deserve a good night rest and a good shower the next day.
4	I stayed here during my past weekend in Vegas.  The place is not that bad. I got a great deal for it on vegas.com. 29 bucks a night! I read the really negative reviews but still took the risk and was glad I did.  The hotel itself is nothing fancy.  Our room was pretty clean when we first entered in it and parking wasn't as bad.  If you do come back at night, parking may take a little longer to find, but eventually you'll find a spot. The check in/ check out is easy and painless.  I would come back here again if they have great deals!
1	Don't stay at this hotel. I don't do reviews but this one definitely stood out. After 9hours of drive and after waiting 30mins for check-in, we were sent to an UNCLEAN ROOM. The receptionist didn't even bother to apologize at all. Worst customer service ever.
1	This hotel doesnt have enough parking space for its guests. Worst place ever in Vegas.
1	So going to las vegas after many year i found this hotel on hotel.com.The pictures on that website looked good and the rating was okay so i thought why not lets book it. When i got there right away by the check-in and check-out like i see a long line and the first thing that caught my attention that there was only two receptionist and no one around to answer any question. We check-in finally after 30 minutes and get to the room. The room design was  horrible . It looked like it was built in the 1920 and never was remodeled. The room was booked for two adults and when we got there we wanted to take a shower and we noticed there was no shampoo so we called and thankfully they got us shampoos. After taking the shower the bathtub water was not draining which was kind of disappointing and EXTREMELY DIRTY. so we call the service line and let them know of the situation. That day no one came to fix it until the next day we called again and finally after 2 hours someone comes and fixes the tub. On the third day we checked out and all of sudden there was a $38 charge and i asked what this was for which the receptionist answered very rudely that its charge for using Wifi and discount on restaurant ( I NEVER EVEN USED THE WIFI OR THE DISCOUNT BECAUSE I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW ABOUT IT). When i told the receptionist that i didn't know about it she told me that i should have read all the agreements before booking -__- To conclude: IF YOU WANT A CHEAP HOTEL AND DON'T CARE ABOUT THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AND DIRTINESS OF THE PLACE THEN IT'S THE PERFECT HOTEL TO GO TO. But make sure to read the agreement before booking to save yourself fro any extra charges.
4	Being new to Vegas, and having such an awesome app that'll find me rooms for under $20/night (HOTELTONIGHT.COM....add me for a $25 discount), I was happy to have had a place to stay for the evening. I had arrived a little after midnight, and unfortunately, there was a line to check-in. I'd waited about 30mins. to check-in, and thankfully I had made reservations via hoteltonight because the process only took less than 5 mins. After scoping the room (which admittedly was nothing to brag about; I was just happy to have a CLEAN bed to sleep on), I decided to head to the lobby to see what's happenin'. It WAS after midnight, so I wasn't expecting much...I was just scouting for a few brews, then I'd be on my way back to that comfy bed that awaits on floor 8. Walking from the "lobby" area toward the casino, you kinda feel like you're in a maze. I had to stop and ask a janitor which way to go before I got lost..! He politely told me I was headed in the right direction, and I eventually found(and smelled....)my way towards the casino area. I recall walking past a bar or two that had obnoxious occupants(which, after a long day, was something I was trying to avoid), so I kept walking. Eventually I landed at the "main casino bar". The bartender had spotted me from 20ft away, greeted me with a welcoming smile, and I made my way towards that bar. I ordered a simple gin&tonic...and had simple conversation with the bartender. Turns out, he'd been there for over 20 years and could give me the scoop about the place. I'd asked him a few questions, to which he'd knowledgeably responded -- keeping me entertained whilst drinking $2 beverages. Yes. $2. For an 8 oz. Gin&tonic. Suffice it to say, I remained at the bar for longer than planned....HOWEVER, my all around experience was decent enough to provoke me to return to that bar in particular. I returned to my room, which admittedly leaves a blank after such an experience at the bar...but I do recall having an undisturbed night's sleep. Checking out was a bit of a hassle, as there'd been another huge line waiting to check in.....THANKFULLY they had they key drop-off boxes to the right of the reservation desk on the way out.  I just dropped my keys in that box, and left work-related as well as worry-free.  I'll be returning one of these days....if not for the drinks, it'll be for the decent sleep. :-)
5	I can't say enough good things about the Riviera especially their Director of Casino Marketing Tien Trent Dang.  His attention to detail, kindness and hospitality are the best I have experienced on the strip and really at any hotel.  The Riviera is known for it's value, but has much more to offer it's guests.  The rooms are comfortable and clean and the staff is available to assist with any needs. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to have a classic Vegas experience and great time without breaking the bank!
5	I love The Riv! I've stayed at 5 star resorts/hotels in Vegas but I always go back to The Riv. In the land of high priced hotels on the Strip, I feel like I tend to get swallowed up by the other patrons and their high expectations. At the Riviera, I'm never let down because I know exactly what I'm in for. The rooms are cheap, clean and the service is pretty good.I think the "old school Vegas" feel is pretty cool...but that's just me.PS. $1 Blackjack!
1	I don't know how this hotel managed to get past 1 star.. Do yourself a favor, pay 50$ more and stay anywhere but here. Horrible customer service on top of filthy environment!! We checked in at 3 o'clock to a dirty non-smoking room, where it reeked of cigarettes, the cleaners had managed to skip our room and left the room dirty with filthy towels and napkins everywhere. (I blame the management, not the cleaners) they told us to come back in 2 hours, when it was 30 degrees outside. We came back 5 hours later, the rooms was cleaned but the smell was still strong, keep in mind my mom has lung problems with these smells. I spoke to the manager and he managed to do absolutely NOTHING for me, he said the only thing he can do was to refund me the money for the night if we check out.. At 10 pm with everywhere else being sold out. I got no charge for my phone because the outlets didn't work, the fan would blow cold air instead of hot air, etc etc..All in all I don't know how this place is still not shut down, worst experience I've had with a hotel!! Mistakes are normal but when the management refuses to do anything about it, it's just irresponsible.
3	If you plan on using WIFI here don't even bother this WiFi alone makes me not wanna come back it is super slow and disconnects every 5 minutes. The towels are the roughest towels I've ever touched in my life. The tv is and HDTV but they're cheap so the don't use HDMI for the cable not component nope not even simple red white and yellow cable no the use a coaxial cable making the tv look absolutely terrible with only like 30 channels other than that it's ok and not pact
2	The hotel was bad. I've stayed in cheaper hotels that offer better beds and toiletries.
1	My dad stayed there for his birthday. He had water leaking from the room. The tv didn't work. His clothes got super wet. The after at 7 in the morning the noise in the ceiling was horrible. I will post all the pictures of his experience. Worst hotel ever. I talked to Teresa the manager and I got no refund because they had no record of the complained. When I my self spoke to someone in the front desk n my dad spoke to someone two times a day. About the issue. I'm so upset.
4	We waited in line at the front desk to check in for a very long time, but all that was made up for by a free room upgrade for us and a super friendly, apologetic front desk clerk (sorry I forget her name).Once we got to the room I was quite impressed, having read reviews saying the rooms were old and dusty, ours was really clean and inviting - someone even had pre-started the heating unit for us! The double bed was nicely laid and the bathroom was squeaky clean, with everything you'd expect from a mid-range hotel.We only stayed there one night but had an overall lovely experience at the cheapest hotel on the strip! No doubt we'll be back next time we come to town!
1	So I was attending some trade shows and CES which is not that far, but you still have to come back to the rooms and sleep.  The bathroom was smelly and the bedroom had another kind of smell. I know you don't expect anything for 60$ but seriously guys charge 20 more and make the rooms livable.
2	I didn't like Riviera Hotel at all.Even though I booked a room with two Queen Size they only gave us one king size bed room. So I slept on the couch while my friends took the bed. And the couch was as long as one seat. At the check in the lady offered me some blankets, pillow and an extra mattress.  And nope I still slept on the couch, because they forgot the bring the mattress. The mattress came on the 2nd day when I requested it again after asking if we can move to another room.The blow dryer didn't work, the outlets were lose and the shower temperature was reversed. Red was cold and blue was hot.All in all I wouldn't spend more than $30 per night in this hotel.
1	What a crappy hotel!! If you have another option take it, do not stay here. Your car is better than this hotel.They gave us 1 king bed instead of 2 queens that we had requested. There is no room service and will not make the beds or clean up or vacuum the floor. Do not spend any money on this hotel.
4	This is an older hotel so it doesn't have all the glitzy bling or LED lights that the other more modern hotels use to entice you. What makes this place worth it is that it's at the quieter end of the strip and less congested so if you're older and want to just gamble and not really into the 21+ nightlife then you won't miss anything by staying at this location that's a bit further down. There is also a comedy club, a box office and show, a bar and plenty of machines. So if you just want to play and not waste your money playing higher limits at the glitzier hotels then this place might be for you. They have specials for gaming and dining that are lower priced than most hotels. $1 blackjack? Yes please.
