4	The food was outstanding but the service was quite mediocre. I've eaten here a number of times and at each one the whole experience has stood out so I'm hoping we hit it on an off night. The Maitre d' was rushed and our server was too cheesy without being attentive enough. Our wine glasses were never kept full and we had to wait at least 15 minutes for our dessert order to be taken. It was all very rushed. Food was a delicious four stars but the service really brought it down.May 2006. I returned to dine about a month after I wrote this review and things were back to the fabulous normal. Service was wonderful and the food was delish. Two words: Tuna Tartare.
4	I really enjoyed my experience at this restaurant. The food is beautifully prepared and the service is great too. Exactly what you would expect from a place with the Mina name. I was lucky to enjoy a 5 (or was it 7?) course meal with wine pairing. So, I got to try a little of everything. The main dishes were good, as well as a perfect dessert finish. Great dining atmosphere as well- dim, clean, and not too noisy.
3	I was really excited to try Michael Mina - and I really wanted to like this place. My boyfriend and I rounded out my culinary birthday weekend here - so we were really not capable of doing a whole tasting menu.  As soon as our server realized that, his level of attentiveness dropped dramatically.  He did not pay attention to empty wine glasses, and rarely stopped by.  All in all, the service was just "off."The foie gras trio was spectacular, as was the beef trio.  My sea bass was also delicious.  The show stopper of the night was definitely dessert - that darn rootbeer float is just amazing.  The food was absolutely delicious all in all, and I was glad we decided to try MM.The 3 stars are due mainly to the service (or lack thereof).  The food was excellent - but I expect more from a server than cursory glances from across the room.  My boyfriend and I agreed that something about the vibe of the place just felt wrong, like the servers were in a fight with the kitchen or something.  Maybe we just hit an off night.I would try MM again with an open mind, the food was worth it.
4	This was the meal I had in Vegas that felt the least like eating in a mall. The food was great, but it didn't quite manage to surprise and delight as much as I'd hoped. Five stars for the service: very personal, attentive, and helpful. If it's full, try just showing up and eating at the bar.
5	all the dishes we ordered were awesome!! the ahi tartare was delightful! it was mixed table side by our waiter.  i suggest getting the signature trios.  i ordered the kobe beef and was not disappointed! for dessert we ordered the root beer float and a fresh strawberry dish.  the root beer float was served with sassafras ice cream.  i thought it would taste funky but it was awesome and didn't overpower the float at all!!!!!  the strawberry dessert came with a balsamic vinegar sauce at the bottom of the plate as a design.  i thought it wouldn't go well with the strawberries but it was amazing!! the vinegar added a nice sweetness to the dish. wow! that was divine! i always tell my husband that we should drop in to the union square mm restaurant just for dessert.  it was that good!!!!
3	I'd rate Michael Mina a 3.5 if I could. The service was great, very quick and responsive.For the most part the food was good, but it just felt, as some other reviewers suggested, as if something was off.  I ordered the Butter-Poached Lobster app, and the Lobster itself was the best I've ever tasted - very very tender and delicious.  However, the sweet potato crepe it was to be served with was so small as to be invisible under the piece of lobster tail I was served.  Upon excavation I found that a rim of my crepe was black.  It seemed a very juvenile mistake to try to cover up. Why not just make a new crepe? Especially for the $28 I paid for the thing.  Also, the thai coconut cream it was served with was rather ordinary.  My sweetie's Foie Gras trio was to die for, and I regretted not ordering it after that crepe disappointment.  I met the arrival of my Japanese snapper trio with some suspicion, but it turned out to be quite delicious, as well as my sweetie's lamb trio.At this point in the meal I was still feeling disappointed, but the dessert turned that right around.  The Root Beer Float was to die for.  The attention to detail was fabulous,  and I think they even accounted for the fact that my sweetie and I were sharing as it included two chocolate straws and two gigantic walnut choco chip cookies (some of the best I've tasted - perfect texture)  Just another word about the prices - Wow! Very Expensive.  I'm not afraid to spend money on food, but it seemed the prices were very high. Especially the prices on the wine list - very very inflated.   I don't know if it was because of the inclusion in the Bellagio hotel or just an inflated sense of self-importance on the managment's part, but the price just didn't seem to fit the overall experience.  There are so many other restaurants, I'd say take your hard-earned money elsewhere if you have a choice.
5	Great seafood. Service is awesome. Atmosphere is comfortable but not great. I would definitely recommend it. I've been there when it was Aqua and Michael Mina. I think it was better when it was Aqua but still very solid as Michael Mina.
5	Wow!  Served in a 3 ways is the Michael Mina way!I'm still savoring the taste of the froi grois that I had there.The service was very good.  The team there was incredible! We ordered a fancy shmacy wine from New Zealand to go with our oysters once again, froi grois, scallop ceviche, chiliean sea bass, and kobe beef.  I've never been to a restaurant that serves entrees for $40-$80 each.  That was a nice shocker for me.  But it was all good and one of my favorite dining experiences.I recommend going here with a high roller!  They'll make sure you'll have a good time!
5	Michael Mina at the Bellagio is a six-star restaurant!  I really don't see how it gets anything less than five stars.I've been to Michael Mina twice, and the food and service have been remarkably outstanding both times.  This is a special occasion restaurant, with special food, service, and, yes, prices, to match.The food is wonderful.  Dinner typically begins with a compimentary surprise starter.  On Sunday, we were served a cold sole starter that was light and flaky.  For appetizers, Michael Mina offers serveral "signature trios," a main ingredient prepared three different ways, akin to Iron Chef.  I had the foie gras, which was actually prepared six different ways -- three cold, three hot -- with lychee nut, pear and pineapple.  Excellent.  A friend had the scallops, which were also wonderful.For main courses, and the waiter recommended one starter and one main, I had the classic lobster pot pie dish, while a friend had the rack of lamb trio, again, prepared three ways.The wine list was extensive, and the desserts were tasty, particularly the mini root beer float, which I love.I thought service was impeccable.  The restaurant had noted that this was my second visit, and they addressed me by name when I first arrived and at the table.  I thought that was a very nice touch.  And the water and sommelier were knowledgeable and responsive both.Yes, the prices are exhorbitant, but, frankly, this restaurant is one of those places that if you have to ask, you probably can't afford it . . . .For special occasions, and this was a friend's fortieth birthday dinner, it's perfect.
2	I was sorely disappointed.  I am always apprehensive about hotel dining, but I tried Stonehill Tavern in Orange County and thought it was a solid restaurant.  I figured Michael Mina Bellagio would be a safe bet.The meal started well enough with an amuse bouche of pumpkin stew slightly sweet, thick and creamy.My girlfriend and I went with trios.  I started with a trio of scallops and ceviche and she had the prosciutto and cheese.  I enjoyed my dish be she found hers unremarkable.For entrees I had the trio of snapper and she had the trio of lamb chops.  This is where the meal took a turn for the worse.  The snapper was dry and bland.  The lamb was at least tender but also lacked any flavor.  We also ordered a miso glazed chilean sea bass.  The "glaze" was too watery leaving us with... yep you guessed... it dry bland fish.All in all I wish I saved my money and lost it at the tables instead.
3	I had heard quite a lot about Micheal Mina... In a way he is a big industry celebrity in his own right.  However... because of this, I think he has spread himself a little slim here.  The service here was bad to say the least.  But the food was just ok.  We got only a couple small starters like prosciotto and melon./buratta.. prosciotto and fig/... prosciotto and quice/ 3rd cheese...  I think I was just disappointed with the prosciotto that was somewhat flavorless and lacking that kurobuta pig flavor... fatty earthy goodness.  Then the halibut came out which I was expecting to be a little more spring then it was buttered down.  The menu said peas and morrels but I really got pretty much mini morrels and wrinkley peas.  for 49 bucks... I want fat ass morrels and plump juicy peas.  It is spring for god's sake.
4	Our experience here could have been 5 stars but I'll have to knock off 1 (no halves) for a long uninformed wait for our entrees.1st, very professional, as we greeted by the hostess by our surname. Our server was very good but not quite excellent.We decided to skip appetizers and just went with the entrees. My wife had the Trio of Lamb and I had the Lobster Pot pie which intrigued me despite its'  $78 price tag. I figured I'm saving by skipping an appetizer. Both we excellent. My pot pie delayed our meals and the menu nor the waiter informed us of this so we just sat there (without appetizers) for about 30mins until we asked. The menu should warn people or the server should suggest sharing an appetizer to fill the wait. Anyway, they bring out the pie still in the copper clad pot with the top crust already removed. I'm told you get  about 1.5lbs of lobster. The server "reassembles" the lobster (2 half claws and the tail which was cut into about 4 pcs) on top of the crust. The the baby carrots, fingerling potatoes and black truffled sauce are poured on top. Very rich (flavor and $).All in all, we escaped for just under $200 with a half bottle of wine. We'll have to try the San Francisco one sometime.
5	I would give this place 4.5 stars but I'm going to round up. I loved my experience here because the food was exceptional, waiters were nice & friendly, and presentation was stellar. I also pulled my picky self together and asked them to move us to a bigger table and they did this immediately which was very satisfying.ordered:1.) Thai-Style 'Kobe' Beef CarpaccioGlass Noodles, Cilantro, Chile, Toasted Peanuts - This was lovely. It was VERY good! A++2.) Butter Poached Maine LobsterSweet Potato Crpe, Thai Coconut Cream - This was so delicious, I felt like I got a million different flavors from it. I was a bit sad it was small because I just wanted to eat more of this dish..A3.) ChocolateGianduja Semifreddo, Praline Crunch, Caramel Mousse, Warm Chocolate Cake, Mocha Anglaise -Really good combination of desserts..loved it!The reason as to why I'd knock off .5 stars is because perhaps I had slightly higher expectations because of the name of this place.. nonetheless the food was great, oh and our waiter gave us some extra dessert for free which was really sweet of her :)Pros:+ nice setting+ they change all your utensils and plates several times which was nice+ waiters are at every corner  waiting to re-fill your drinks+bathroom was really pretty, too :)Cons:- just a tad bit pricy..but then again, it's Michael Mina's...what do you expect.
4	This restaurant emphasizes seafood, but has other good choices as well.  I've eaten here three times, and the food is very good; it's one of the better seafood restaurants in town.  The full menu is available at the bar; it's a friendly spot if you're eating by yourself.The overall tone of the dining room is informal: lots of light wood; cream and tan carpet, upholstery and table cloths; medium lighting; bustling.  Another adjective that comes to mind is noisy - not just high energy, but noisy.  I prefer the bar area, which is quieter and more relaxed.Service is good at the bar, but was somewhat lacking in the dining room.  The server was friendly but not especially good, with awkward waits at times.  I noticed similar problems at the table next to mine.What Michael Mina lacks in atmosphere and service, it makes up for in food quality.**Meal #1: Excellent foie gras, lobster pot pie, and ice cream for dessert.**Meal #2: I tried the seasonal tasting menu (pricey at a bit over $100) and the accompanying wine pairings (pricier still at $80 or $85).  Picasso is better, and no more expensive, but I still enjoyed myself.  The meal included hamachi tartare; lobster salad; (third course that I can't remember); kobe beef, foie gras and lobster mashed potatoes; trio of desserts, including an improbable but excellent sasparilla float.  Excellent meal.**Meal #3: The meal started off with an amuse bouche of sweet pea soup: thin, slightly sweet, with a slight graininess.  A good start.  On the other hand, the roll that accompanied the meal had good flavor, but was doughy inside.I started with one of the signature trios: foie gras, served both hot and cold, with three different accompaniments (lychee, poached pear, and pineapple).  The roasted foie gras was buttery smooth, but could have been a little crisper on the outside.  Still, it was very good.  The chilled torchon was as soft as warm butter, and full of flavor.  Overall, very good.My entree was Phyllo-Dusted Dover Sole with Dungeness Cod Brandade.  It takes a simple dish like fried fish and mashed potatoes, and shows just how good it can be.  The fish was barely coated with phyllo, fried until crisp but very juicy and tender.  Under it was a bed of nicely flavored cod brandade.  Accompanying all this was horseradish butter and two tasty sauces.  A winner!Dessert was three flavors of panna cotta: mango, coconut, and passion fruit.  I was a little disappointed.  The mango version was bland; it barely had the flavor of the fruit.  The same was true for the coconut version, which paled in comparison to a perfect version I had at Okada a few months earlier.  The passion fruit panna cotta was much better, with the sweet and very tart flavor of fresh passion fruit.
4	Food: Good. Probably the most fanciest place I've ever dined at! I tried the kobe beef trio which was pretty good, the chocolate trio which was delicious, and for my appetizer I tried some kind of ham trio with cheese. Also an excellent dish.Service: OUTSTANDING. The service here was 5 star. Our waiter and the rest of the staff took good care of our table. Price: Expensive! Expect to splurge here.Location: Located in the BellagioAtmosphere: Very intimate and relaxing. Perfect for a special occasion dinner with your loved one.
3	Let me write this down. Okay, I am the bitch who dared give Joel Robuchon 2 stars. Yep that's me.What are you talking about - how could you possibly give JR a 2 star and Michael Mina 3. Here's the deal.My bf and I, when we first started dating, decided to go out to eat. My bf wanted to take me out to MM to impress me. Needless to say I was impressed. The restaurant is located after a beautiful floral atrium and is almost next to the most impressive chocolate fountain you have ever seen. But that's besides the point. On to the eats.At a $175 (for the chef's menu)price point - I was young and easily impressed by that (now I know better - see my JR review). But arrogant as it is - the menu does include a beautiful hardcover autographed book at a $60 value. So for what it's worth $115 for the chef's tasting menu roughly for food alone.The amuse bouche was a clam chowder - without any clams visible. Vegetables yes - clams, no. The tuna tartare was tasty however it wasn't anything special that I hadn't had before. The famous lobster pot pie was a let down because of the pastry - pot pie should be flaky - like puff pastry. The thick and gumminess of the biscuit coating was a big turnoff. American Kobe Beef 3 ways - kind of obnoxious when there's only three rather thin slices of beef on your plate. The best dish of the night was a black cod in a miso broth - the cod was buttery - done just right.FInally dessert. Dessert was lovely - root beer float, warm cookies and coconut panna cotta - absolute genius. Accompanied by petit fours, it was a nice experience but I would say for what you are served, they could probably provide a better price point. For that reason - 3 stars.
4	I have been eating at Michael Mina when it was Aqua. In addition to having eaten at Michael Mina Las Vegas I have eaten at Michael Mina San Francisco at the Westin St. Francis and Aqua in San Francisco. The Las Vegas branch is consistently good (having had about twenty dinners) but the San Francisco branch is consistently better. Located in the Bellagio it is a quite nicely decorated and most of the service staff and management has been working since it opened in the Bellagio many years ago. Keep in mind the style is French although it is considered a Seafood restaurant. Most of the diners are thirty and up and it isn't a casual restaurant. You also may find that tables are fairly close similar to a bistro. Extensive wine list. Reservations are highly recommended. No matter Michael Mina is one of Las Vegas's top five for seafood
4	my bf and i came to vegas to celebrate our one year together and decided to make dinner at michael mina's our "balls out" dinner where we just splurge.the service was VERY good. prompt, non overbearing, and the food was terrific.  very nice presentation.  we tried a tasting menu and it had ahi tartare, lobster pot pie, trio of kobe beef, miso glazed cod, and dessert sampler.  They even wrote on our plate with chocolate "happy anniversary"....dinner was worth it.however, it just didnt have that WOW factor that i expected out of a restaurant this caliber with the money we spent and the expectations we had.  dont get me wrong, everything was really good at michael mina's, but maybe i was expecting too much.  it's a nice place for a nice dinner out in vegas, but i feel like there could be something more.
3	Meh. The one in San Francisco seems to be far more impressive when it comes to the food quality and the service. I was surprised at the lack of organization and attention that we received. As a party of 20 I expected a superb celebratory night...instead it was mediocre at best and definitely not worth $7K! Some of the entrees came cold, over seasoned or cooked wrong - the wine pairings were disappointing and the desserts were uninspired. All in all I would have to say there are too many other great places to dine in Vegas to waste time or money there. The scene isn't even worthwhile. The only tasty thing was the Miso glazed black cod,  but i would hardly think that's a redeeming factor.
4	I was here on a business dinner, so our menu may or may not have been the standard option.  This is a true 4 star review.We started with a simple salad, very nicely presented, though a bit difficult to eat with the full leaf lettuce requiring a knife.  The quail egg and bacon were perfectly presented, as was the peeled grape tomato.  The 2nd of 4 courses was a butter poached lobster tail with a sweet potato crepe. This was the highlight of the meal.  Very well cooked, and very sweet. The true flavor of the lobster came through, and could be appreciated.  For the third course, I chose a miso-glazed black cod.  This was very good, though I've had better black cod with miso (Nobu/Matsuhisa/Morimoto).  The presentation was lovely.  The final course was a trio of desserts, and this was another huge hit.  A warm molten chocolate cake with an espresso sauce.  The scent of this wafted off the plate, and made your mouth water.  A coconut creme with a bit of toasted coconut on top. The texture mix of light, and smooth with the tiny bits of crunch were very well balanced.  The final bit was a marzipan cheesecake with a dark chocolate sauce on the side.  Again, this was a big success, and the flavor of the marzipan (I think that's the best way to describe it) really didn't weigh down this amazingly light and airy cheesecake. I think it might have been made with a marscapone instead of a ricotta or cream cheese.  I reccomend the restaurant, the service was very good, though a bit un-eco-friendly, as they replace your napkin every time you get up, instead of re-folding it.  The wine list is extensive, and the space is a bit small, but keeps a nice, intimate feel to the restaurant.  Then again, for that price, I still believe there are better options out there.
4	We started with a couple of cocktails and moved into the first course:  Seared Diver Scallops for me, Trio of Sashimi for her.  Both came as a "trio" with each prepared three different ways.  Scrumptious and refreshing - a nice place to start.  Moving onto our entrees, the miso black cod was rich with a definite asian flare.  The potato crusted dover sole was pleasing to the eye, although a bit too salty for my tastes.  Lastly, we ended with the root beer float - nostalgic!Contrary to other reviewers, we felt to service to be attentive and prompt!  Additionally, the sommelier was very insightful and recommended a fantastic bottle of wine by Didier Dagueneau to complement our meal!  The only thing I was bummed about was not trying the lobster pot pie - unfortunately I would have exploded if I ordered another entree.  Great service, excellent food - a solid 4.5 stars.  I'll be back.
4	The hotel sucks but this place deserves a positive mention.We never had the pleasure to dine at MMSF (though we went to Aqua a few times years ago).  After an infuriating experience with the guest room we decided why not make the best of where we are stuck @ (Bellagio).We were greeted with a warm welcome and our waiter took the time to discuss what's available in the 2 tasting menus.  We had 2 "cookbook" tasting and 1 "seasonal" tasting prix fixes.  They were flexible with substitutions.The foie gras that topped the kobe steak can rival that of "Au Pied d' Cochon" in Montreal (HEY WHERE IS YELP MONTREAL?!)Contrary to some of the reviews by other fellow yelpers,we found the black cod to be delicately done rather than overly marinated like other "upscale" restaurants tend to do.Perhaps it's a matter of taste in my party.We absolutely agree with Andrew K's comment about the sole being way too salty (both fish and the puree beneath it, should have read his writeup before we requested the substitution)The waiter was quick to apologize and asked if we would entertain a reworked dish, and got our coffee and tea comp'ed for that (that's called service, compare that with the attitude @ Nobu Waikiki)It was after I walked out of the restaurant that I realized I paid$150 for the cookbook menu instead of $115 as posted on a placard outside the door.   Hmmmm... whats up with that??!?I asked the manager who explained to me that $150 is for the meal with the book, and $115 for the meal without (again why did I NOT read the writeups first, shame on me).  It was an omission on the waiters part for not giving us the books (hope its not the usual Vegas practice) .The book seems worth it so I got 2 copies instead of debating about the bill.So why did I give 4 stars?  Hey if the fish was perfectly seasoned I would not hesitate to give 5!)
4	I can't complain -- we received free wine and some other treats.  The tasting menus were fine.  The tuna tartare was good, but apparently circa 1999 in terms of creativity.  Who couldn't dislike the pot pie?  My only qualm is that its food lacks luster and creativity that a 21st century foody longs for.  :)
4	I thought the 5-course cooking book menu was extremely tasty - service was also immaculate. After coming from the 16-course at robuchon, this certainly pales in comparison. But it is in a different class, they are after all 2 stars apart.I didn't have to make any reservations on a weekend dinner so that was good. All the seafood was extremely fresh and cooked to perfection. They weren't super accommodating when i wanted the tasting menu and my mum wanted just an en tree. The server said he had to ask the chef if he could do that which kinda turned me off. so we ended up both getting the tasting menu.
3	I was really excited about trying this place, after hearing about it like it was practically one of the seven wonders of the world i decided to reat my mother there when we were in town in Feb for a trade show.As we walked in, I really like the simple clean ambience and I like how the entrance made it appear like a smaller Bistro, not the huge to-do that is Vegas. I had the Tuna tarter to start, when was served with Pear, Mint and pinenuts... I tried replicating it myself at home and I will say,I appreciated that theirs had a cleaner more refined taste and each piece was balanced and perfect.I had the Sea Bass with scallop ravolli as my main and I didnt think it was that special. It was served with bok choy, very bland and if I had to do it over again I would have opted for about 5 other choices I was crazy about on the menu.My mom ordered the lobster pot pie which was quite the experience! They serve it to you tableside by opening up the pie adding the crust to the plate, and revealing an entire lobster!! It was very tasty and my mom was very impressed.For dessert they treated us with white chocolate/orange bon bon bites and chocolate mocha, they looked like lollipops and i would eat them everyday if I could!Overall, I'd go to Micheal Mina if I were expensing it and ordering the whole nine wine parings and tasting menus, but for $150 a person with just one base glass of wine each, it just didnt speak volumes to me.
3	Our plane landed in the dessert and we'd have nothing but crap food since the day we disembarked (I had a salad from McDonalds for gods sake!  It was that or Panda X and I'd already had my quota of msg for the day, thanks).  I knew I needed a change and I wanted it BAD.Maybe I am a spoiled San Franciscan.  Ok, I am definitely a spoiled San Franciscan.  I live, eat, breathe good food.  I was hoping that Mina might be the ticket out of my culinary drought (so to speak). Walking into MM, we were greeted by a generic decor which reminded me vaguely of "Stacks" on Hayes.  Uh oh, I thought.  No, give it a chance.  You need this. Following seating, we were served a corn panacotta and crab amuse which was quite tasty.  The server who took our wine order was snobby, correcting my "pinot gris" pronunciation which instantaneously irritated me.  I did not say the "s"...ok, maybe I did.  So what.  Bring me my $15 glass of wine. Am I sun blind?  Did I really just read that it was $78 for dover sole?  This seemed excessive, even to me.  I opted for the duck with chestnut puree, brussels and tangerine jus (FLASHBACK---it's fall of 2007!!!  oh wait....).  My guy, the ahi with foie and potato cake (superb--perfectly seasoned and delicious).  When my duck emerged from the kitchen it was so rare that it exhibited the chewability qualities seen only in the finest of rubber feathered gag gifts.  Duck is great medium rare.  But for $40, I think it is fair to say that I should be able to cut it with my steak knife.  I saw another of the same plate headed back to the kitchen with all the duck untouched.  Writing in the sand!!  But what does it mean?Luckily, my plate also came with some fabulous confit which I readily devoured.  The brussels were so so, the tangerine jus was exceptionally good on everything (and was served in a saucer so that I could sauce at will...ummm saucy.)  Overall, I was disappointed.  Vegas is renouned for its culinary offerings and while Mina wasn't astoundingly bad, it certainly was not comparable to Jardinaire or Quince in SF.  I guess I was looking for an oasis from the blah casino food and was disappointed to find that Mina in Vegas was only a mirage of fine cuisine in SF.
5	We got the idea to go to this place from our concierge at our hotel and it was a great choice! The food was absolutely delicious. It was so rich and full of flavor.  Definitely worth the high prices. The Cod with the ravioli is INCREDIBLE! wow. And the dessert tray is a must get! It was extremely delicious and the service was fantastic. Everyone is extremely friendly and the place has a great atmosphere. I would recommend this place to everyone. Absolutely delicious!!!!
5	Classy Service.  Amazing flavors, great layering without being too complex.  Very relaxed, not pretentious at all.  The lobster tail with coconut crepe has to be on my "last meal" list.We were in a slight hurry to make our "O" showtime, so we sat at the bar, and received first class service, the bartender was great, the meal was amazing.  I honestly can't say enough.  The kitchen is in plain view, and all of the Chefs look like they love their jobs.  I will be back, that is for sure.
4	I thought to myself - this will either totally live up the Bellagio's greatness, or it will be a very pricey mistake. Michael Mina was outstanding.  The decor is under stated and warm: high ceilings, caramel hued wood accents, white table clothes and simple, delicate bud vases with pink mini calla lilies.  George and I both had the seasonal 5 course tasting menu with sommelier  wine pairings.  Three out of the five dishes were outstanding - and the other two were nearly as good.  The amuse the mouth (or whatever, sadly, I'm not great remembering even the most basic and important French culinary terms) was a cold fingerling potato with a piece of smokey pancietta and a weird green sauce.   Good, but I've had better.  The first course was a delicious sashimi course with coconut, mango and red onions that was flavored lightly with sea salt.  It was a very good dish, and went well with the Vueve they served it with, but wasn't AMAZING.  Just a nice way to begin a decadent meal.The second course was lump crab meat soup with sweet white corn and shaved fennel.  All of the ingredients were delicate and high quality, but they put this "broth" over it to make it into soup that was way to damn salty.  George pointed out that it must have been to make it taste like the sea - but I found that it overpowered the crab, etc.The third course was outstanding - a filet of sockeye salmon that was cooked PERFECTLY (I'm not normally a big salmon fan) with a crispy skin but tender, bright red-salmon flesh.  It was outstanding, hands down.The forth dish was leg of lamb.  It was also amazing, although by this time I was feeling the four glasses of wine and can't recall how it was prepared.  Desert was a gorgeous arrangement of mission figs with black pepper vanilla gelato, mission fig compote and a square of simple bread pudding.  YUM!  The service could have been better.  Our main waiter at one point made a joke at one of the server's Chinese accent that I found rude and in bad taste.  I loathe racially charged humor (unless it's good natured between good friends) and I loathe humor at other people's expense, so that docked him a bit in my mind.  Also we asked for a print out of what we ate and the wine pairings, and he never brought it to us.  Still - if you want to spend $200 a person on an amazing meal, go!
5	I went to Las Vegas for business and was not nearly excited about the trip as my coworkers were- I am not a gambler so that the thought of going to overly crowded tacky Las Vegas was not high on my list of places I wanted to visit.  After I got over pouting about having to go to Las Vegas I realized that there are a lot of great restaurants there and to make the trip more fun I would treat myself to dinner at one of them.  After reviewing many menus and because of my SF Bay Are roots I decided on Michale Mina.I had a 6:30 reservation for one and was seated right away when I walked in. (I have absolutely no problems eating alone at nice restaurants; I had a good books to read and I like to people watch while I savor my food.) I was seated at a table near the kitchen's expediting area but this was not a bad thing for me because I like watching the kitten's activity.  This area is open anyway for the guests to see.The waiter was over right away and  had I a Hanger One (good call on the Bay Area Vodka Chef Mina!) dirty martini with blue cheese olives (there were also garlic and jalapeno olives to choose from) I also got a bottle of Fuji water- I did not really realized I had ordered something other than tap water but when it came I did not complain. (although it was $8!) I always ask servers in restaurants fro their recommendations or favorites on the menu.  I came here expecting to order the 5 Course Cook Book Menu but once I looked at the a la cart options I weighed my decisions with the waiter.  He seemed very impressed with my a la cart selections and recommended that I go with them.  He also offered to have the kitchen do a half order of the mussel souffle (which was not an option on the menu).  The kitchen sent over a taste of fois gras with some sort of glee on top.  I was already in heaven savoring the rich taste.  The bread choices were great and I selected something different each time the bread server came around.  I had the trio of scallops to start,  the (half order) mussel souffle and the seared Ahi Tuna for my main course.  Presentation was beautiful for everything and the flavor and freshness of each was also amazing.  One bit of my greens with the tuna were gritty - which was a disappointment, but probably the only one of the night.  I had coffee and the trio of cakes for dessert.  At this points I was so full that I did not eat very much.  There was also a mini dessert sent out from the kitchen at the end- I can't remember exactly but it was some kind of frozen chocolate lollipop. I also watched the tables around me and what they ordered- the table side presentation of the tuna tartar was great to watch.  I also noticed that the staff was very considerate in substituting items from the a la carte menu to the tasting and cook book menu which was a considerate suprise.Service was probably the best that I have ever had.  I never once filled up my water from the bottle sitting on my table, there was always someone there to do it.  The assistants to the waiter and the waiter were always around to get me anything I needed.  I worked in a restaurant for a while so I tend to be critical of staff, especially in a place like this because I expect a lot, and I was not disappointed.  Additionally a lot of the expediters were very young and I was impressed with their promptness and professionalism.This was a great experience.  I do not know if I will ever be back to Las Vegas but if I am this will be top of my list.
5	a very modern style resturant that is innovative and contemporary. the food is a good and the customer service is great also ( i was greeted right away and or server was very nice and was patient with everything.)the food is excellent and the design of the resturant is great also. overall michael mina is a great resturant
5	nothing less than 5 stars for the food and service.  primarily due to Pat, the man behind the scenes.  thank you, Pat, for always looking out for friends (and friends of friends!) when we visit MM and making us feel welcome.  the food never disappoints, it is consistently good, and your wait staff is awesome.
5	I know I will get slapped because as a Bay Area girl I have never been to the MM in SF, but I chose to go to MM in Las Vegas. But where can you get all the MM classics in a prie fixe. Only in Vegas. Yea you can put away your little slapping hand now. With the cookbook tasting, you can go beyond what Giada did with over 5 more courses. The servers were surprisingly wonderful. They loved us (probably because we were a deviation from the usual crowd like at French Laundry). I was getting very excited about the food & they probably thought it was pretty nerdy. We chose to do the wine pairing with the prie fixe, which may not have been the classiest move because we hadn't eaten all day. A glass per course is definitely enough to do Connie in. To the server: "How do you expect people to not get drunk after these pairings?!?" I let them know it was my friend's birthday & he brought out complimentary champagne. It was the good stuff. Amuse Bouche: Butternut squash mango soup (I think). Wasn't my fave, but how can I really say no to mini things. Bread: Black pepper roll is yums. Tuna Tartare: Yolk mixed in with the ingredients in front of us. Very straight forward & very fresh. Reminded me of the one I had at Aqua (SF) except that one was Moroccan spiced. Maine Lobster Pot Pie: It was mini! I missed out on the copper pot of the big version, but I'm sure it was just as tasty. The lobster was perfect. Tender w/ a slight crispness. The shiny pastry shell was wonderful dipped in the creamy truffley goodness. (I audibly gasped and probably got more excited than they did when the table next to us got the big version because it's HUGE & the water guy laughed and whispered to me..that's the BIG one..See? They loved us.) Miso-glazed Black Cod: Flaky soft with the clean rich mouth feel of cod. The shiitake consomme was a bit salty, but expected. The shrimp and scallop ravolini were definitely -ini but a nice pair. American "Kobe" Ribeye: Perfect salty seared crust. Creamy foie gras and a deep pinot noir sauce. I really don't think you can go wrong. Dessert: Root beer float, strawberry shortcake, chocolate pudding. The root beer float was a pungent root beer flavor (I ate my friend's too) & the sassafras ice cream omg...It came with warm choc chip pecan cookies too. I think I can eat 5 courses of just that. The strawberry shortcake was a financier w/ macerated strawberry quarters & a hint of mint. Nice buttery financier w/ a chewy exterior. The chocolate pudding came with ice cream and red velvet cake. Never a bad thing. Extras: Then came little ice cream lollipop bonbons. Dark choc w/ espresso ice cream dipped in coffee beans. White choc w/ orangey ice cream dipped in almonds. Then they gave my friend a birthday chocolate martini (as if we hadn't drunken enough). Wines: Awesome pairings. Some of the best wines I've ever had and no it wasn't my asian glow talking. Everyone was very attentive & smiled at us all night. They would pause so I could take my food nerdy pictures & they all excitedly said thank you when we left. To the server: "PS: I think we're drunk." & I wondered why the servers loved us so much... (See excessive photos of experience.)
5	Certainly the most expensive and most delicate meal I have ever had.  I'm a self-proclaimed "food whore" and will eat just about anything so always filled my belly with less expensive foods that are high in quality.However, I chose to go over the top (at least in my books) with a dinner reservation at Michael Mina last week and had the most delightful meal in my gastronomic career.My fiance and I wanted to celebrate perhaps our last nice really nice meal before we get married in 3 wks and chose this restaurant after the wonderful reviews on Yelp.  I called the same day and was able to get a 7:30 reservation on Thursday evening.  Service was amazing.  The Brazilian server (Marco) knew my name before I even sat down.  He knew were were celebrating and offered me a complimentry glass of champagne which I declined - because I needed to stay sober for our 10:30 show, "O".However, we still proceeded to order two tastings.  Aside from the A La Carte menu - there are two tasting menus.1.  Classis Michale Mina dishes $1152.  Seasonal dishes $115Premium wine pairing $65 on top.We order exactly that and love almost every dish.I won't bother with all the details with the meal since it appears that everyone else has done so, but the hamachi from the seasonal offering was incredible.  Just a big party in my mouth!  So many flavors and textures coming together.Also not to miss - the lobster pot pie..OMG, I love truffles and this was so aromatic.  The American Kobe with seared Foie Gras, I can taste the marbled meat in my mouth..just MELTS.  Not extremely impressed with the cod or the salmon but they were still very yummy.Ambiance was louder than I expected.  But contemporaray warm amber colors.  Smells incredible.  Final bill about $550 inclusive of taxes and tips. (we ordered coffee also..now that I do the calculations...shit. I wonder how much our coffee cost??? )
4	Oh Michael Mina....you were the capstone to a great vacation.  My GF and I went on a Grand Canyon hiking vacation and used LV as our airport hub.  We spent our last night in LV and splurged on Michael Mina.  My best meal ever in Vegas.Yummy Yummy in my tummy.  Food     4.5 starsService 4    starsDecor   3.5 stars (In a Casino....-1.5 but that's the status quo for Vegas)
3	Honestly, in comparison to the Michael Mina in San Francisco's Union Square, this Michael Mina fails! They don't do the majority of their dishes in the 3-way cooking presentation and it is much more expensive than the San Francisco one for less food and less tasty food. I can't say it was entirely bad, but the experience left me not wanting to go back.
4	Came here for a dinner on our last night in Vegas.  The great thing was that we were able to get reservations on the same day even though it was New Year's week.  PROs:  * The Lobster POT Pie was to die for.  I have never eaten a lobster this massive before.  I was even tempted to leave some leftover lobster on the plate because I was extremely stuffed.  * The trio sample platters were interesting. We ordered 2 different ones.  * Our waiter and staff were also very nice and attentive.CONs:* We were placed at the small tables that seat a couple each.  I hate this type of seating because the couple to the right and left of you are about a foot away and can hear everything you are saying.  To the right of us there was a married couple that didn't talk for about 20 minutes because they were fighting (awkward) and the other couple next to us spoke french and could not finish their cookbook tasting menu (what a waste).  I would request to sit at a private table by the window next time I dine there.* I was sad that we were not able to win our dining bill at the blackjack tables.  Booo!
4	We decided to do the cookbook tasting menu. First off, the actual restaurant. Smaller than I had anticipated but nicely put together. The wine list was extensive and our waiter was very nice. The one cocktail I had before wine was pretty good too.As far as the food - Started with the tuna tartare. It was good but nothing that would nec. stand out to me... I did like the way they presented it though and made it in front of us. Next came the lobster pot pie. This was delicious. Warning though, the full serving is huge. Third course was the miso glazed cod. Again, fantastic. Well prepared and great flavors. Fourth course, the one I was looking forward to... the kobe beef w/ foie gras. I was in heaven. Not over cooked and the foie gras was seared and prepared perfectly.  Finally came the desserts. This was my least favorite part of the meal. Everything was ok but nothing really stood out.Overall, enjoyed a fantastic meal and was stuffed by the time I left.
2	Michael might want to pay a visit to this outpost.  Felt very uninspired and a bit careless in preparation.  Interesting that there's no place on Mina's website to provide feedback.  Unimpressed.
4	We visited Michael Mina on a Saturday night during our trip to Vegas in November. We actually found the place a bit hard to find - at the time, there was this huge Thanksgiving display right in front of Michael Mina that totally made us miss it on our first pass around that little atrium space. In any case, we eventually got in and were seated at a nice little corner table in front of the wine rack at the back. We both decided to do the tasting menus (surprise!) - as usual, I got the vegetarian version. For a seafood restaurant, I was really, really, really impressed at how good the vegetarian menu was. A butternut squash soup with little pieces of apple garnish came out - and I would have licked that bowl clean if it wasn't a fancy restaurant. And I don't even like butternut squash soup (or squash in any other form, for that matter)! Very good dish. The other memorable dish that came out for me was a mindblowing artichoke souffle - perfectly executed and definitely left me wishing their ramekins were a tad larger. Maybe a LOT larger. For my date, I think her most memorable dish was a lobster pot pie, which she still raves about. Dessert was definitely disappointing. A trio (as is Michael Mina's general style) came out but was distinctly unmemorable. I was taking my date out for her birthday, and had called in advance to let the maitre'd know about it. However, they seem to have botched it a little at the restaurant - while we did have a dessert course, they failed to bring anything out with a candle on it, which would have just been a nice touch. Instead, the maitre'd, who was really very welcoming in an instantly likeable way, wished my date a happy birthday and inquired as to what our plans for the rest of the night were. It's the small touches that make the difference, people. So the next time you're in Vegas and looking for a great dinner experience, hit up Michael Mina. It's a bit pricey but well worth the money.
4	This place is located far enough from the casino to be truly non smoking.  If smoking really bothers you, avoid Circo, Jasmine, and Le Cirque, which are right next to the Casino.Service was fast, efficient, and attentive - without being intrusive.  5 stars for service.Atmosphere was quiet, with lots of space between tables.  You have a nice view of the kitchen and the plating going on , if that was your thing.Food was very good. We had the pork 3 ways, shellfish 3 ways, mussel souffle (surprisingly good).   A good combination of imagination without being weird.  Fish in phyllo was good, but a little too standard.I did not get a chance to try Sarah Kosikowski's desserts, which are supposedly pretty good.Had a lot of fun, would return.  Would pick it over Le Cirque for the cleaner air.
5	Service and the Food was great. We did both tasting menu's and they didn't have any problem catering to certain allergy needs. The Caviar parfait is well worth the 45 dollar supplement. Taste and seasoning I give Micahel Mina 5 Stars. Service..very attentive and the Lobster Pot Pie I give 6 stars. So rich and delicate at the same time. Great experience and will defenitiely try Michal Mina's other concepts.
4	LOBSTER POT PIE!This was not the dish I ordered for myself as I was skeptical of it... but one of my dining companions ordered it and I was jealous! He let me have a taste and confirmed that I had a right to be jealous.
4	I am definately a fan of Michael Mina.  I've been to this location several times.  Agree that the Lobster Pot Pie is incredible, along with the service.  HOWEVER - this location just doesn't hold a candle to San Francisco's Michael Mina, which is the ultimate dining experience.
5	When I went to Michael Mina, I got the cookbook tasting menu, which was just absolutely delicious. One of my friends opted to try out the seasonal tasting menu since he's had the cookbook before. Since it has been a while since I've dined there, less than a year, but more than 6 months, I cannot remember the differences except for one: his had hamachi sashimi for one of the courses.  However, I do remember my dishes, two, in particular - the lobster pot pie and the Kobe ribeye with the foie gras... HEAVENLY. I still dream about the lobster pot pie to this day. It was difficult to finish off the whole tasting menu because before the first course came out we were already drunk - i'd like to note that the pinot noir was really good (not as good as the one I had at Comme Ca). I can never remember the names of the wines, although I wish I did because I would definitely order it again. I wish I could frequent this place more often, but price-wise it is quite steep. I do recommend that everyone should dine here at least once, just to experience the lobster pot pie! I've never been to the the Michael Mina in SF, but after reading the rave reviews, I will definitely make it a point to check it out!!
5	I think it was the best meal I ever had.  I had the cookbook tasting meal... too good for words!  I can't wait to go back!
3	Really a 3 1/2 *, but I can't quite give them a 4*Went here to celebrate my birthday and I knew I was going to be tough to please, as I've been to the original Aqua and Michael Mina in San Francisco numerous times.  I was dreaming of some of his classic dishes like the tuna tartare and lobster pot pie, so opted for The Cookbook Tasting Menu while the BF chose The Seasonal Tasting Menu.  Some dishes were spot on while others were good but not 'wow'.  The dining room was not as elegant as I expected, but service was good and the price was reasonable for Vegas standards.  Next time I'll go with Picasso which is a sure thing.
3	bleh.What the heck was I thinking?! There is a Michael Mina in SF which I hear is better than the one in Vegas yet the one weekend I'm in Vegas, I decided to go to Michael Mina instead of trying somewhere new! =TIn any case, the bf and I went. We decided to try one of his Signature Trios so, we went with the classic pork. The pork is prepared in three ways; 1.kurobuta 2.pork belly with marmalade 3. BBQ pork worchestershire. The presenation was nice, however, the taste was not. Kurobuta is naturally fatty and tender. I have never met a dish of kurobuta that I could not finish. Mina certainly changed that for me. It was chewy and extremely tough. It's a shame. 2 & 3 arent even worth mentioning. We couldnt finished our trio. Such a waste. On a more positive note, the following dishes were memorable:1. the butter poached lobster. the foam was a nice touch, it added a bit of lightness to the dish.2.the lobster pot pie. Thin on the dough and cream - its a good thing. it allows the lobster to stand out and not be overshadowed by the sides.3.Foie gras medallion over the american styled kobe. Foie gras was sweet and the meat was juicy.Is it me or is Mina becoming a little too commercial and completely over rated? Not worth the pricetag...dont fall into the hype.
4	Great service, nice hook-ups, overall, a good (not amazing) dining experience.Hook up of the year with the usual 45 dollar supplemental Osetra Caviar Parfait handed to us as a special Amuse Bouche. Score! Saved me 45 bucks since I was going to order it. It went perfectly with my champagne. Birthday dinner is off to a nice start =)Hubby is the winner with his starter: Tartare of Tuna mixed (at the table by the server) with sesame oil, toasted pine nuts, garlic, and chiffon of mint. OMFG. It's on my list of things I'd like at my last meal.Honestly, everything else was just good/ok from there on out. The lobster potpie was disappointing (after reading reviews), the John Dory was ok, the butter-poached Maine Lobster was yummy, I will say. I got the premium wine pairing and was impressed with both the sommelier and his selections-most notable the Perrier-Jouet Flower Label champagne on a tasting!For one Michelin star, and for the price, I've had better. But I did have a nice evening.
2	definitely a waste of an epicurean event.  I love fine dining in Vegas and Micahel mina was the first goose egg i've had.  i don't mind shelling out the cash if the food is superb.  the menu is extremely overpriced (most entrees were $50-70 but the tasting menus were priced correctly).  too bad we couldn't order them because they make you order it for the whole table and a couple of my friends were kocher so it was a no-go.  i ordered the miso cod.  pretty bland and small and not worth the $43 price tag.  the lobster pot pie fared better but was twice the price and not twice as good.  the lamb and filet were just OK.  in fact, the only things i would eat again were the mussel souffle and short rib totelli.  both delicous and unique.  this place really made me rethink the criteria for michelin stars.
2	Totally not worth it, waste of $ and time... nothing special, everything was just ok and so very ordinary. Totally disappointed and not at all impressed. The only thing I enjoyed was the amuse bouche and it was downhill from there.
2	I forgot to write a review for this place......hmmmn. The food was decent. Waitstaff decent. The thing I do remember is the snotty teenage girl that was their "hostess", this place was not even a quarter full, and she tried her hardest not to seat us by a window as requested. We finally got seated at a window table after talking to an assistant manager. His excuse for her behavior was "we get important regulars who want tables by the window". I guess their money is better than mine, my mistake. By the time we were finished with our tasting menu and signed for the bill, we looked around and found that the restaurant was only half full. Had she not been such a snotty little biatch we might of even enjoyed the meal. Food = 4 stars Pretentious Teenage Hostess = -2Michael Mina too bad the Front of your House isn't important to you.
3	Picked MM as a place to try while in Vegas because I wanted a nice dining experience for my family.  And what can I say, the price was right.  The most bang for your buck.  We had the cookbook tasting menu, 5 courses, $108/person.  We arrived 1/2 hour early for our reservation, our table for 6 was ready and we were immediately seated.  The service was great.  And they obviously aren't too strict on their dress code as my son was in denim shorts!!  The food was decent.  I wasn't crazy about the tuna tartare.  But if there is only one reason to try this place it's the LOBSTER POT PIE! It's heaven! Really!  It gets 5 stars! The kobe beef was pretty good too.  Now I gotta try the one close to home in SF.
2	Just finished dining at Michael Mina's and must say I'm a little disappointed. I was expecting the food to be WOW memorable, but left with an "eh, I've had better food for that price" in my head.The decor was nice and the food decent, not oh my god I have to get some more. The service seemed distracted and we were so close to another table it almost seemed like we were dining with them. The noise level was quite loud for fine dining. I couldn't even hear my wife talking to me.The only memorable thing was the tiny tasting of tomato gelee with avocado and shrimp we get for free. Oh wait.. That and the shock of the bill.If you can make it for the pre show dinner then yes go ($55 for 3 course meal) what the food is actually worth. If not, then I would pass
5	Just had the best dinner - maybe ever - this past weekend at Michael Mina Forewarning - you're going to see heavy usage of the word intense Veggie Tasting Menu w/ the "Premium" Wine Paring * 3 Melon salad - huge shavings of Honeydew, Cantaloupe, & teeny little balls of cucumber w/ slivers of Jalapeno & drizzled in Olive Oil * Asparagus Soup w/ Tomato Dumplings & Mushrooms - those dumplings were OMG gasp-provoking - intensely flavored w/ tomato & when paired w/ the equally intense flavor of the asparagus - wow!  Also had little mushrooms & roasted tomatoes in the middle of the soup so lots of yummy flavors to mix & match. This was 1 of my favs * Artichoke Souffle w/ Parmesan sauce - so smooth, rich & intense w/ artichoke flavor; not eggy at all & cooked just perfectly. This was 1 of my favs * Ricotta Truffle Fettuccine - teeny tiny carrots, green beans, and these absolutely incredibly tasty large brown beans (don't know what they were) are nestled in long-as-your-arm, hand-rolled fettuccine noodles. Huge flavors of truffle!! * Cherry Semolina Cake w/ Sherry-infused Ice Cream - moist semolina cake w/ marinated cherries and an intensely-flavored Sherry Ice Cream. Light dessert which topped off the meal just perfectly * Amuse Bouche was Goat Cheese Panna Cotta w/ Tomato Gelee. We didn't get to try this dish b/c Panna Cotta is usually made from gelatin & those of us in the veggie world know gelatin is a no-no. Our waiter was so kind & apologetic & he had the chef make us a special Amuse Bouche of Melon & Tomatoes which was so nice! But he then came over later to tell us upon further research, he uncovered the gelatin they use for the Panna Cotta was actually made out of Agar so it was completely Veggie-friendly!  He said they make it a special point to design all their Amuses so that everyone can enjoy.....they take care to incorporate the Veggie and Allergy people - so no animal, shellfish or nuts go into the Amuses HOW AWESOME IS THAT?! Service was incredible & everyone was so friendly - immediately asked if we were on a timetable (which we were!) so they could get us out & on our way - explained each dish as it was delivered & how it was made; asked if we liked it; The Sommelier explained each wine, where it came from & the vintage & came back to ask if we liked it.....it was true 5-star treatment Total for the 2 of us = $365 (before tip) .......and worth every penny!
4	The pre-theater $55 per person dinner is the main reason I'm a fan - otherwise, the prices are really too high for this dining experience.  Reviews of the lobster pot pie being pretty phenomenal are spot on - worth the $20 surcharge on the pre theater pricing (and I'm a flaming frugal fox).So why not a 5th star?  Coupla reasons.  Upon making the reservation, they inquired if this is a special occasion - why yes it is a birthday.  If asked, you anticipate at least a birthday wish.  A birthday cake with a candle wisks by, husband thinks it's his - oops - sorry -- no cigar.  Polite bussers but a bit of a cocky server whisk by again.  Dessert - so so - but where's the b-day cake?  Sorry sweetie, but I'm not one to make a scene.  We leave.  Enjoyed the filet mignon, tuna tartare app...not so much the seafood canneloni app - but that lobster pot pie is sure worth a trip here.As for the wine, the sommelier was very approachable and knowledgeable.  Not wanting to seem too frugally foxy, I neglected to ask the price of  wine and ended up paying $29 for a glass - so while the pre-theater pricing is quite a deal - they will get you on the alcohol.
3	Restaurant week provided the perfect excuse to cross this place off my list. Although we enjoyed it, I think it lacks the "wow" factor. If you're jonesing for his famous lobster pot pie (which is fabulous, btw) I actually recommend Nob Hill instead. The atmosphere there is better, and I think the offerings there are more interesting. We found the atmosphere at MM to be very blah. Not cozy blah, or sleek blah, just BLAH. First things first: The Bellagio cocktail is awesome and I'm happy about that $14 we spent on it. The $20 wine pairing with the restaurant week menu was just ok. I definitely wouldn't spend $10 a glass on either of the 2 wines I was served if I had the decision to do over again .Course 1: Tuna tartare. This was a typical MM presentation (similar to how he does his kobe tartare). Egg on top, lots of cool seasonings and things on the plate and then mixed in front of you. This didn't disappoint! Tuna was fresh and the pine nuts and mint and whatnot melded perfectly .Course 2: I had the Miso Cod, my fiance had the "3 little birds". The miso cod was extremely bland and flavorless. The miso flavor was way too delicate for me. The table next to me actually complained about the same thing.. maybe it was an off night? This dish was a huge disappointment given it's one of his "signature" offerings. Allegedly it used to be sea bass (rather than cod) and it tasted better back in the day.. who knows. The operative word with 3 little birds is LITTLE. There was maybe 5 oz of meat on the plate. 5 oz is a lot of foie gras.. or kobe.. but not freaking chicken/duck/quail for $39. It was however, beautiful and very tasty. No major complaints.. definitely a recommended dish if you like birds and you aren't a big eater. Dessert: This took 35 minutes to arrive.. yes, we sat for 35 minutes between main course and dessert. Damn annoying if you ask me. The dessert, however, was excellent! We had the rootbeer float with homemade rootbeer sorbet (rootbeer sorbet covered in rootbeer..kinda stupid but awesome at the same time) and then these awesome warm cookies were on the side. Loved it. Overall a good dining experience, but with so many great experiences to be had in this city I don't think we'll return anytime soon.
4	We gave MM a try about a year ago.  My husband had his heart set on the cookbook tasting menu with wine pairing, which will set you back about $170!  I decided to be different and ordered a trio of heirloom tomatoes (awesome) and the miso cod (delicious...not as big of a portion as I would have liked) as my entree.  My husband was kind of enough to let me taste all of his 5 courses as well.  The tuna tartare was amazing, and the lobster pot pie was very good!  It was a bit on the heavy side, so one bite was just enough.  They did give him a sampling of the premium wine pairing, in which he wouldn't stop talking about this white burgundy, like he was going to take it home or something ; )The restaurant was much brighter than most of the restaurants we have been to in Vegas.  Service was spot on, and our table was very nice and private.MM has a lot of competition located in the Bellagio, however, it is a great restaurant that should not be overlooked.
5	This place.  It's like a lay gone good with a one night stand that all your buddies were telling you to go after, then you do and you find that it's not a he-she or that there's a bunch of missing teeth (not always a bad thing, folks).I came to Michael Mina with my friend and hated rival, Jennifer 'the Head' Sullivan.  We absolutely loved the dining experience here.  Amazing.Upon entry, the decor doesn't set it apart from other high end restaurants, that's not to say it wasn't nice, but the decor was just that; nice.The food... The food.  Loved it.  We both opted to do the tasting menus.  The tasting menu, if you're not sure of food and wine pairings like me, is the way to go for sure in my opinion.  We both opted to do the cookbook tasting menu, which as the name indicates are selections from the cook book of Michael Mina.  I was really blown away by the interaction of the wine with our meal.  Mind blowing for me, really.  The tuna tartare was easily my favorite dish; that and the kobe steak.The bill will set you back almost two hundred ($140 to $170) so be ready.  But if you're looking for a well-crafted meal at a high end restaurant with ambiance you really can't go wrong here.
5	I can't give anything but 5 stars for the food, which was amazing. However, the ambiance and decor was a bit bland and the service, while very good overall, had a few flaws.We were lucky enough to be Vegas during Restaurant Week and scored a great deal at Michael Mina. The special menu was 3 courses for $50 and wine pairing for $20.First course: *Tuna Tartare mixed table side with quail egg, toasted pine nuts, sesame oil, mint and garlic. Delicious! The tuna was creamy, the flavors went together beautifully, and the pine nuts added a nice texture to offset the smooth tuna.*Shellfish Cannelloni: one giant cannelloni filled with crab and lobster, in a delicious foam. Surprisingly filling.Second course:* Miso-glazed black cod: perfectly cooked cod, arranged in a bit of miso broth with mushrooms, bok choy and soba noodles. Delicate flavors that definitely complimented each other.*Jidori chicken:Third course:* Michael's root beer float: too filling! This would be perfect to share, but it was way too much for me. The root beer sorbet was delicious, as was the sarsaparilla ice cream, but I don't think the dish could survive without the 2 cookies. *Petite basque with quince gelee: perfect serving size and great flavor combo.We also received an amuse bouche (tuna something on a parmesean cracker - looked a little gross but was really really good) and a little after-dessert plate with fig bars (too dry) and pomegranate gelees (really good).Despite feeling a little talked down to for being the youngest people in the restaurant, I would not hesitate to return for the food - especially if they have a deal like this again!
5	Located in the plush Bellagio Casino, Michael Mina offers a fine dining experience which justifies its somewhat hefty price tag.  The ambiance and service are top-notch and the food is deserving the Michael Mina name. The Cookbook Tasting offers the discerning diner an eclectic selection of dishes guaranteed to satisfy one's palate.  From the Tartare of Ahi Tuna to the Kobe Ribeye, the dishes were all presented with impeccable quality.  I would probably rank this along with Chop House in Chicago and Spago in Los Angels as of my top three favorite restaurants.
4	Undoubtedly great food.  We had the menu sampler so we tasted pretty much everything. Everything was great, although I was a little disappointed by the desserts. Good decor, perfect service.Cons: pricey but worth it.
5	All I can say is I grew up on Turkey and Chicken Pot Pies then on the menu I seen a Lobster Pot Pie!  I was like hmmmm what is this all about.  I decided to order it and boy did I enjoy this perfectly presented pot pie!  First they bring it out in a pot with a handle the crust over the pot as the pot is part of the presentation for the pie.  They then cut the crust off and place it top side up on the plate and begin to build the lobster on the crust and place the vegetables and sauce all over the plate.Still skeptical since I never heard of a lobster pot pie I dig in and to my surplize (Asian for surprise) what flavor!  It was almost lobster biskish yet pot pieish!  Bottom line I can't wait to go back for another one!The other dish at our table was the Kobe steak platter with a couple different styles of Kobe steak prepared as a sampler.  Each slice was very good my favorite was the skirt steak style!My new favorite restaurant replacing Pampas and Crustaceans right now.
5	Seriously, one of the best dining destination in Las Vegas is Michael Mina located in the Conversatory of the Bellagio Hotel.  This is where decor stays in the background to the reason for a reservation at MM - the menu.My favorite item on their menu is the Lobster Pot Pie. But please arrive hungry as the pot of lobster will challenge even the most voracious appetite.  If turf is more you're style, Michael Mina's signature trio entrees are also recommended, especially the Kobe beef. Excellent in every way.But I have to tell Yelpers, once I got emotional indigestion from MM. It was when we first started up our business and took our only staffer to a professional meeting and MM for dinner. Later, when I  learned that she had used the trip to interview with a frenemy, I felt like we not only had the lobster pot pie but a piece of humble pie as well.These days, we walk around the office thanking the frenemy as his hiring away that original staffer got us to meet and hire a really great replacement. And whenever we're in Vegas we'll make it a point to savor our luck and continued success over a lobster pot pie knowing that chances of running into the old staffer and her penny-wise boss dining in this fine establishment would be slim to none. As a finisher, no humble pie for me, but a trio of fine desserts will do.
5	5 stars for the yummy dishes and 5 stars for the excellent service.  There was an issue between spacing between our dishes, and it was acknowledged right away, not once, but 3 times.  We really didn't mind the wait because we were enjoying our wine and just watching each dish that came by the surrounding tables.  We had our wine glass filled and a cheese plate was given as an apology for waiting.  The really didn't have to.  Acknowledging it was enough, but they were on top of things!!  Gotta love fine dining!!
5	Excellent food and service! Not much more to add to that!
1	Disappointing does not begin to describe my experience at MM Vegas.Let me preface this review by saying I am a HUGE Mina fan. I've dined many times at both Stonehill Tavern (Monarch Beach) and XIV (Los Angeles), and have flown to San Francisco on more than one occasion  for the sole purpose of devouring plates of Mina's fantasmic creations. We came here for a late dinner after seeing a show. We had had an AMAZING meal -- more like experience -- at Alex (Wynn) the night before, so I was looking forward to continuing the good times. First off, decor. "Understated" to some = Boring Bob to me. "Cozy" to others = "Where is the other half of the restaurant?" to me. This was, after all, Vegas. The menu...*yawn*. Everything on the cookbook and a la carte menus was way too familiar -- nothing new or creative. Two of the items on the seasonal tasting menu seemed interesting, but there was a noticeable absence of a trio dish (MM's signature), which my friend wanted to try. I looked at my watch and it was 9:30 pm, which was too late for a course meal (walking into a club, expanded tummy from course meal = so NOT cute), so I agreed to order a few dishes a la carte.Amuse bouche: Truffle mousse with pear. 2 stars.Bread: Wheat roll and sourdough. Boris boringballs. Tuna tartare: I've had this dish a million times (MM SF, Stonehill, slightly different version at XIV) and a million times I've loved it. Here, the presentation was the same, the taste was NOT. It was lacking seasoning -- I had to ask for sea salt (I rarely ever do this). Market salad: Good. Nothing mind blowing (I didn't expect this from a salad anyways).Miso-glazed sea bass: This dish was served with small squash balls which had been sitting in a freezer. How did I know this? They were cold. Like, awkwardly COLD. I didn't even bother telling the waiter (more on this later). The accompanying dumpling, simply put, was gross. The bass was good, a little salty. I finished half of the dish.Surf and Turf Trio: Kobe and lobster were pretty standard, as were the crab and filet. Langoustine had a foul taste. Dessert: Never even got to see a menu (keep reading).Now, the service. I'd received anything but remarkable service at MM restaurants prior to this meal; here, the service was liken that to which you would expect to receive at an IHOP. Before I get into any more detail, I want to point out that there wasn't a lack of waitstaff around the restaurant. There were at least seven servers near the kitchen, talking amongst themselves during the entire meal. Still, I never got my water refilled. Not once. In fact, I ordered another bottle of sparkling water, and PAID for it, but never got a drip of it. On top of that, I stared at dirty plate after dirty plate up until the moment the next one arrived. In fact, our entree plates were still sitting at out table when we left the restaurant. This is a HUGE peeve of mine. Once my table finishes a course, I will wait up to five minutes (it's much longer than it seems), before I start to get antsy. Here, we waited over FIFTEEN minutes after we finished our main course, before I threw in the towel and just asked for the check. The most ridiculous part: the manager, a semi-bald man wearing a bad suit, brought over the bill and a small plate of complementary dessert (this is custom at MM restaurants) and sat it down on our tables, right next to our dirty plates. This behavior from an inept waiter I can grasp my head around, but from a manager? Needless to say, we didn't touch the dessert plate and left.
4	I had the pleasure of doing the Michael Mina Cookbook tasting menu with wine paring when I was here. The menu consisted of five courses...1. Ahi tuna tartare with sesame oil, pine nuts, and a quail egg    - well I love tuna, and I love raw stuff, hence...I love raw tuna...and raw tuna dressed up this way is,well.....the best tuna tartare I've ever had2.Lobster pot pie    -A minature version of a Mina classic....actually a nice size (served in a ramekin with the pastry baked on top) for a tasting menu, generous amount of lobster, very rich3.Miso-glazed cod with soba noodles, mushroom dashi, and bok choy    -another variation of the famed Nobu dish...the sweetnes of the miso was well-balanced by the other components of the dish4.Kobe ribeye with foie gras    - the other courses were nicely portioned...this was a very small portion of what should be the highlight of the meal. 2 ounces at most. very anticlimactic for me. The steak wasn't all that great either.5.trio of Mina classic desserts    -Rootbeer float with chocolate chip cookie, coconut cheesecake, and something else I can't remember..I apologize for that. The wine parings were very good, whites for the first three courses (including a very nice Riesling with the tartare), a red, and a desert wine that was too overtly weet for my taste. Service was solid. I would go again.
5	We had a tremendous meal at MM. We chose the cookbook tasting and it was excellent.
3	In between some gambling, a night out, and more gambling, we decided to try out Michael Mina in the Bellagio.Friends of mine have been to the location in San Francisco and said the food was good, but it was more about presentation(trios).We decided to order the chilled seafood platter, which was around $75 or so--in which you get lobster, king crab legs, 3 huge shrimps, some raw clams, and raw oysters.  You also have some lemon, seaweed salad, tabasco, mignonette, and cocktail sauce.  This was pretty straight forward and tasted good, except the clams tasted a little too much like the ocean.Following the seafood platter, I ordered the trio of Sashimi: Roots, Shoots and Fruits    *  Fluke - Radish, Daikon Sprouts, Honeycrisp Apple    * Snapper - Fresh Wasabi, Cilantro, Lemon    * Hamachi - Red Beet, Sorrel, Chilled Grape 24I thought the Hamachi was the best of the trio.  Most places go spicy, by pairing a sliced Jalapeno with Hamachi, but Michael Mina went sweet with the roasted beet.  The others weren't memorable.Following I order the trio of Surf and Turf - American Beef & Shellfish with a glass of Bordeaux    *  Kobe Ribeye - Grilled Lobster, Sauce Choron    * Petit Filet - Crab "Oscar" Crust, Natural Jus    * Langoustine - Bone Marrow, Langoustine "Bordelaise" 85The Ribeye was well cooked and the lobster was fresh.  The Petit Filet was overcooked to a medium well(when I ordered medium rare).  The buttered lump Dungeness crab on top of the Filet was verygood and went well with the steak.  I did ask the waiter to fire up a new one, which was also a little overcooked, but understandable because the Filet portion is so thin.  The waiter was very quick and attentive in giving new steaks, great service.  The Langoustine was cooked well and the bone marrow was deep fried with a little batter.  Overall, it was just ok, nothing really stood out and nothing was really terrible. I would recommend trying one of his preset or tasting menus, as I felt the Trios, priced similarly, weren't worth it.
4	I had a wonderful experience at Michael Mina's all-around: service, food, and decor were all up to par to what is expected from such a big name. Furthermore, despite the fact he doesn't really cook anymore and he opens more restaurants than he can probably remember, I was still pleasantly surprised at my dining experience. I came for my bday dinner and my gf and I chose to get the "Michael Mina Cookbook Tasting Menu" which basically consists of a 5 course meal showcasing Mr. Mina's 5 most popular dishes (albeit in reduced portions versus that of the a la carte size): (108 per person w/out wine pairing)1. Tartare of Ahi Tuna: a very light dish seasoned with salt, pepper, pine nuts, and sesame oil - compared to the multitude of ahi tuna dishes out there in the culinary world, this was surprisingly bland. The fish was well diced and was very fresh, just needed a little more seasoning.2. Maine Lobster Pot Pie: Mr. Mina's arguably most famous dish - with vegetables, cream, and black truffles - had this once at one of his original restaurants in SF (Aqua) and am still wowed by the flavor here. Beautifully made with a delicate pastry covering a generous portion of lobster mixed in with a flavorful, but not too heavy brandied cream sauce - yum!3. Miso-glazed Chilean Seabass: sitting over a seafood dumpling (more like a tortellini) that is immersed in a dashi broth. Great miso flavor on the fish and well-cooked. While i felt the miso glaze may have been a little unbalanced and heavy on some portions of the fish filet, it was countered well with the light dashi broth. 4. American Kobe Ribeye - a nice slab of foie gras sitting on top with a kind of potato cake on the side; while the beef was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the foie gras was flavorful as always, i thought the portion of beef they give you is a little on the small side. It seemed more like a "sampling" than a merely reduced size dish. Just don't expect a nice big filet coming to you.5. Trio of desserts - mini root beer float, opera cake, and coconut smore - i'm not the most reliable dessert critic as that is not my favorite part of the meal but i must say the mini root beer float was memorable. Not too sweet, yet flavorful and the straw that is made of white choocholate actually works as a straw with a hollow middle. Service: The service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative. He explained every dish and its components and always checked in with us to ensure our meal was going well. He refilled our drinks/water as often as it was necessary.Overall, despite a few picky things here and there concerning under or over seasoning, i had an awesome time at this restaurant. The food was generally well-proportioned and flavorful. The service was good and the price was fair considering it is a five-star restaurant in a five-star hotel in a tourist city. Recommended =)
5	My first introduction to Michael Mina was at Aqua in San Francisco right around the turn of the century. It was eye opening (and stomach satiating) to be introduced to such simple yet amazing food. The deconstructed tuna tar tare mixed in front of you... the lobster pot pie carefully removed from the inverted crust topping and placed on your plate in the shape of a lobster... it was all new and amazing to me. Now, Mina (with the help of Andre Agassi's bankroll) is spreading his awesomeness around the country with establishments such as Bourbon Steak, Nobhill Tavern, Stripsteak and his signature Michael Mina found in the old Aqua location in the Bellagio hotel. Remnants of Aqua are still there... the lobster pot pie and the tar tare, but I went all fois while there. The seared scallops topped with fois gras were simply decadent. The texture and cooking temperature just blew my palate. They were paired with a little bit of citrus, vanilla, and a parsnip puree. I followed that with more fois... this time on top of a fillet (not my usual cut, but the fois was sure to add a layer of fatty type richness). The beef was served on top of a potato pancake, then topped with a nice slice of fois gras and had a perigourdine sauce drizzled over top. My meal ended with an outstanding trio of cheeses with some atypical accompaniments like tiny marinated mushrooms and jellied pomegranate. All in all, Mina continues to please with impeccable service and remarkable food.
5	Ate: Cookbook tasting menu with wine pairingFavorite dish: MISO - GLAZED CHILEAN SEA BASS (almost orgasmed)Not-so-surprised dish: MINI ROOT BEER FLOAT, COCONUT S'MORE, OPERA CAKE (the dessert was still tasteful though)Service: Good but I admit that I felt a little awkward b/c I'm not used to it. I couldn't finish my cookies so I asked the waiter to give me a doggie bag. Yes, I was embarassed to ask but whatever. It made my drive back home from vegas quite delightful!!!!Extra: I bought the autographed cookbook. I love seafood so I am going to cook some downgraded versions.BEST upscale seafood I've had so far. Now...I need to compare it with Providence!
3	One memorable dish is not enough for a Michelin star. Michael Mina is located in the Bellagio. Its interior has a cool modern feel. We went with the tasting menu accompanied with the premium wine pairing. Some of the "signature" dishes were a bit disappointing. The lobster pot pie did not live up to its hype. One dish that did blow me away was their tuna tartare that was mixed table side. The fish was of an amazing quality and after being carefully mixed with sesame oil, garlic, mint, and pine nuts it amplified all the goodness. Service was perfect and the entire meal was good, but for the price there are too many other top restaurants in Vegas I would frequent before MM.
4	Service, food, ambiance were all good, but not impressive enough to stand out from all the other wonderful fine dining choices in Vegas.I didn't know that Michael Mina had a Michelin Star when we were dining there and was really surprised when I found out.  I've been to establishments with better food and service but were not Michelin Star restaurants.5 stars for creativity on the menu.  If you like Top Chef or Iron Chef, you'll love the options.  - Tuna Tartare - good but coming from Seattle and having traveled quite a bit to the San Francisco, I've had better.  - The Foie Gras was lovely.  I saw that other reviewers complained that theirs was over-cooked.  Mine was a bit undercooked for my taste.- Surf & Turf 3-ways - loved the concept and plating.  Taste was average.  There was a thin Slice of Kobe Steak but it seemed dry/tough and it was Kobe Steak.  1/3 of the 3-ways was amazing, the others were just good.  Over-all, it was a good experience but it just didn't strike me as amazing.  And on the same trip, I had 3 very nice fine dining meals but this was #3 of the trip.
5	I love this unpretentious dining experience.  Michael Mina serves up fine dining and excellent service, while making you feel welcome and comfortable.  The decor is warm, with bookcases filled with glasses and dishes, making you feel like you are at someone's home.  The kitchen opens up to the restaurant, so you get a little behind-the-scenes action, which also brings the fancy-factor down a bit.We had the Cookbook Tasting Menu, which is a selection of Michael Mina's best-loved dishes.  My favorite course was our first, the tuna tartare.  It was light and fresh, with pine nuts adding a nice crunch and pears that balanced the spicy flavor.I thought the lobster pot pie would be my fave, but it was a little too hot and a bit awkward to eat.  Each course was quite nice but of course, dessert was the absolute best.  It was a trio of desserts - a coconut s'more with homemade marshmallow, opera cake topped with bittersweet ice cream (yum) and a mini root beer float.  The root beer float was AMAZING!  Service was great and they moved our courses along at a nice clip, which I appreciated since it had been a long day and I was not interested in a five hour dinner.
3	After reading quite a few reviews on Yelp I was convinced I wouldn't be disappointed when I read about ahi tartare, an apparently sublime lobster pot pie and the miso sea bass... But I have to say that Michael Mina just didn't live up to the hype on our recent trip to Vegas. We both did the cookbook tasting menu with the wine pairings. Hubby loved all of the dishes but I found them to be a little uninspired and a little lacking in flavor. I guess my major issue was that they seemed under-seasoned and needed a little more oomph to make them truly spectacular. Hubby thinks my palate might have been off on this occasion but I have to disagree... I did thoroughly enjoy the dessert however and the service was good. The restaurant's ambiance felt a little stiff - we were seated at the very back corner of the restaurant surrounded by folks who seemed just a tad pretentious for my liking. On this trip to Vegas we did Aureole and L'Atelier as well. Somehow the other two restaurants hit the mark a little better than this one...
5	I have been to the Michael Mina in San Francisco many many times with my boyfriend now. So, naturally, when we decided to head to Las Vegas, we had to try the Michael Mina in the Bellagio. In comparison, the Vegas Michael Mina is much less pretentious and more casual than the SF one. The staff is more welcoming to walk-in's and don't blink at the sight of jeans and a T-shirt. My boyfriend and I decided on the Cookbook Tasting Menu, a selection of MIchael Mina's signature dishes. One of the best choices I ever made! In SF, I usually just go for the 3-course tasting menu. Tuna Tartare (Appetizer) - nice balance of sesame seed oil and salt/pepper along with a quail egg on top. I would have preferred something other than toast but overall the dish was delicious. Flown in everyday from Hawaii!Lobster Pot Pie - as always, delicious. Unfortunately, a much smaller portion that if you were to get the 3-course menu. Understandable though because you have so much food. The lobster was cooked beautifully but the sauce is slightly different from the one I get in SF. I prefer the SF lobster pot pie but this one was good too. Chilean Sea Bass - they make their own dashi! The sauce was a bit on the salty side due to the buttery-ness of the sea bass but this was actually my favorite dish of the night! The dish was flavorful and the sea bass was the right texture. Filet Mignon/Kobe Beef - my boyfriend opted for the Kobe Beef selection which was delicious, tender, and perfect. It actually seemed like he had a larger portion of beef than my filet mignon! Each of our dishes came with a large piece of foie gras. Overall, this dish was delicious but very heavy and we were very full by the time this dish came out.Dessert - a trio of desserts. If I wasn't so full at the end of the meal I would've probably enjoyed it much more. Our trio came with the delicious rootbeer float with a warm chocolate chip cookie, an "opera cake", and a smore-type dessert. We were celebrating our anniversary dinner and our waiter, who was very cool, gave us free champagne. He was also very helpful in helping us select our wines and cocktails. Bravo!A must place to eat in the Bellagio! Especially if you're going to see "O". Be prepared to spend about 2-3 hours there though!
5	This place is amazing. I had a Valentine's Tasting Menu with Premium Wine Pairing and it was the most incredible dining experience of my life. I wish I remembered more of it but I was pretty sloshed from the endless wines. I remember really loving the Osetra Caviar Parfait, Potato Crusted John Dory, Kobe steak, and Chocolate-covered Ice Cream Bonbons (this was 2 years ago so the menu may have changed). There's more than one tasting menu available, so you might want to get different ones so you can try everything. There were 4 of us so I think 2 of us got the Valentine's Tasting Menu and 2 had the Cookbook Tasting Menu and that was the best idea ever!I love that the waitstaff was so friendly and professional and the atmosphere wasn't pretentious at all. Mmm I dream of this place.
2	Frankly, the meal we had at Michael Mina was the least enjoyable of our weekend in Las Vegas for the following reasons: 1.  The entire meal was extremely rushed (we'd finish one course and the other would be placed as the prior dishes were being collected) -- no time to reflect, digest and enjoy the food;2.  The chocolate cake dessert was terrible; dry, tasteless and reminded us of a lower-end dessert buffet offering; and3.  The manager on duty listened to our complaint but quickly dismissed us by saying "some patrons prefer a quick meal" (note we NEVER indicated that we were in a hurry, no one asked and every table near us had the same quick service). We were two couples traveling from San Francisco and often enjoy the array of fine dining options at home. We had heard so many wonderful things about Michael Mina that we made a reservation and cancelled another highly recommended one for the same evening. Bottom line; the entrees we chose were good, the soup was good, the salad was average, the root beer float very good, and the chocolate cake was horrible (3 of us had this and same opinion). The rushed atmosphere, mediocre food quality and then lack of customer service at the end has ensured we won't patron this restaurant again nor recommend it. What a dissappointment!I also sent an email to the manager and received a form response of sorry that your experience wasn't better and let him know when we'd be dining with them again (so they could make the experience better). We have received far superior customer service from chain restaurants than this establishment. There are so many good food options out there that are far more worthwhile than Michael Mina.
4	Michael Mina was an excellent dining choice for my BF and I during our trip to Vegas in November. We stopped by spur of the moment and were seated right away without a reservation.The dining room was spacious and well lit which helped with my picture taking on my iPhone. Service was fantastic and I liked how they recite the dishes to you when it's served.We ordered the cookbook tasting menu which was quite delicious overall, but damn were we stuffed. First: Tartare of ahi tuna was delicious! I loved the sesame oil and pine nuts mixed in for texture. It was my favorite dish of the evening. Fresh and fun.Second: Maine lobster pot pie was amazing! The waiter cuts off the top of the pie for you, so you can dig into the huge chunks of lobster and veggies. Creamy and delicious, this was the BF's fave, and my second fave.Third: Miso glazed Chilean sea bass was next and I liked it very much. It was soft, flaky and sat in this dashi broth accompanied with a shellfish dumpling. Exquisite. Fourth: American Kobe ribeye was a bit of a disappointment. Too chewy and a bit salty, not really either one of our favorites. Sixth: Trio of Desserts was the final course. Thank goodness because we were about to burst. The root beer float was charming and I liked the chocolate straw it came with. Coconut cheesecake was decent, and the opera cake was way too sweet for my taste. Overall, dessert was not very impressive.We also had a couple glasses of Riesling each. After all that food, I certainly did not feel the buzz. However, the wine was just the right amount of sweetness. I would come back here in the future, as long as I try not to eat anything the entire day.PIX- http://pandaliciousforme.blogspot.com/2010/02/michael-mina-bellagio.html
2	This place was really over-hyped. They advertise themselves as having a vegetarian menu, then when you go they don't mention anything unless you do. We told them we had a show to go to and they said that 2 hours was sufficient time, failing to tell us that it was not enough time for the tasting menu. Our meal was rushed, and we had to take the main course in a doggie bag, and run to our show, missing the first 15 minutes. Quite pretentious, the food is decent but I could get quality like that for a third of the price in NYC.
3	My sister and brother-in-law were awesome enough to bring us to Vegas with them, so my husband and I wanted to take them somewhere nice to thank them. Because they have never had a tasting menu and I have never been to a Micheal Mina restaurant, I thought this was the perfect time to check it out.We ordered the cookbook tasting menu which had the lobster pot pie that I was dying to try. Tartare of ahi tuna was first up.  It was served table side and the waiters were wonderful. I have had a LOT of tuna tartare in my life, but this was the first time there was sesame oil, pine nuts, garlic, and mint.  A huge portion, but so fresh I couldn't stop.  I liked and a high point of the night.Maine lobster pot pie was next. Our waiters were there to cut the top of the pies. Flakey top, comforting, and luxe because of the chunks of lobster...So far right on my hit list.!Now we go down hill... :(Miso glazed Chilean sea bass. Ok...to me nothing stood out. There was a dumpling, but really it was like most of the miso sea bass I've had but watered down bc of the broth.Fourth and the biggest disappointment: American "Kobe" ribeye with Foie Gras.  There was a HUGE chunk of foie gras almos tthe size of the meat itself....I was super excited seeing this because I love me some foie gras and would make myself sick on it if I could.  Bummer that the dish was not a sum of it's parts.  Salty, chewy, and for the first time ever...I didn't even want to finish just the foie gras part. We finished up with the Trio of Desserts.   Mind you, even though I didn't finish the beef and fish dish, I was still full and I am not a huge dessert fan.  I liked the root beer float though! I'm glad I went, but for a Michelin-star level restaurant,  would go with somewhere else next time.
4	We have eaten at the SF branch of this restaurant and knew that there was a vegetarian tasting menu both in SF and LV.  The waiter knew we were vegan and told us that the vegetarian menu could be adjusted for vegans.  Overall, they did a very good job but there were a few small glitches - they didn't remove the cream from the potato soup and they brought my husband's pasta dish out with cheese (which they fixed right away).  So, they can definitely do vegan but you need to be very clear about what you need.  The service was very good, the ambience lovely and the food was tasty.
3	"When you realize you've made a mistake, make amends immediately.  It's easier to eat crow while it's still warm."  -Dan HeistMy friends and I made reservations for dinner at MM before catching the 10pm Cirque du Soleil show at the Bellagio. Without delving into the details, let's just say the timing went awry and our dinner and show experience did not go as planned. Amends were made and handled with professionalism. Thank you Michael Mina for living up to your top tier reputation.
5	For a special occasion, I knew I had to go to Mina's.My real first fine dinning restaurant, I not a big foody or fan of fine dinning, but I knew Mina would be a nice treat.Made RSVP online thought their website, which was very easy and gave me a confirmation number. Got greeted by name on a Sunday night and love the ambiance of Mina right away. I don't want to explain each dish I had, but everything I expected from the service, food and flavors were met. I enjoyed having a great conversation because the tone of the restaurant was quiet, which was what I wanted. Not very often can you have a nice 1 on 1 dinner with a conversation on everything and anything in life with that special someone.
2	I heard some very good thinks about this restaurant at the Bellagio and I love fish therefore I wanted to come here. Ugh....what a waste of $300. The service was the only thing this place had going for it. The decor was sophisticated in a boy scout ballroom sort of way. There was an open kitchen which made it cool to watch the food being prepared. The entrance to the restaurant is right in the botanical gardens at the Bellagio so you have hundreds of tourists crowding the area with their 3 foot long margaritas and Hooters t-shirts. This is fine by me but when your trying to exude a certain class you probably shouldn't put your entrance right where one of your hotels biggest attractions are. The food.... I had the surf and turf. My filet was tough and my lobster was undercooked. How the hell did they pull that off? Anyway none of the other food was memorable except for the scallop three ways starter. That was the highlight of the night. Looking back I should have sent my entree back. I've grown a pair since then. The night ended with no dessert as I was done giving then an opportunity to scew things up. Check please...$300? I felt raped.
4	No five stars. Not bad, but I can't rightfully rate a 5.We had the cookbook tasting with the sommelier wine pairings. There was a more expensive wine pairing option but we figured the first one would be good. I would not recommend the pairings. The first two came to our table with explanations as to why they were chosen. After that the service was just a pour, a smile, a good luck and we were left on our own. To be honest, only two of the five wines were good.The tuna tartare everyone talks about was awesome, but another pet peeve: all the food came out prepared in a visually pleasing fashion. Then the waitstaff started f$&@ing with it. They mash up a beautiful cubed tuna round with an egg yolk perched majestically on top as if I were incapable of doing it myself. VERY condescending. I was looking forward to the actual destruction of said pile. They also took an amazing lobster pot pie and broke off the top crust before I could tell them not to. I do not, repeat, do NOT need someone to mash up my food for me. I'm not 8. I'm paying what I consider a ridiculous amount for food, not for a babysitter to tell me how to eat, and I expect to be able to eat it on my own.The sea bass was delicious... and I hate fish. The other noteworthy dish, what I considered the best dish was, surprisingly, the ribeye with foie gras. I was having a hard time justifying why exactly I like foie gras, but this combo is one of those mysteries of perfect food. It's like the muffaletta: not so good looking on paper but it completely works in person.Timing was definitely off. At first they were doing good and giving us a few minutes between courses. At the end it was rapid fire.Price? Eh... You ARE in Vegas.Noise? Not a noticable difference from any other strip restaurant.
2	They reimbursed us for the meals we were unable to finish. I still would never go back or recommend it to others. Unprofessional and bad service and food that did not knock my socks off.
2	Don't get me wrong, the quality is superb at this restaurant. The service was what you would expect at any fine fine fine dining restaurant...you know where they take your fork every time you put it down, fold your napkin when you get up to use the restroom...blah blahThis place just isn't memorable. The food wasnt memorable (i don't even remember what I had). Not bad, just not memorable.I think our bill was 350 for two...and i wanted taco bell after. boo
3	After destroying one of the most beautiful bars in San Francisco (the Compass Rose) with stark white walls and a minimalist vibe - only to end up with reduced hours and a shaky future - Michael Mina continues to spread himself thin in Vegas with a this namesake restaurant. Now this is of course my own opinion and your mileage may vary, so take it for what it's worth. Michael Mina is a fantastic chef and a trend setter in the luxury food world, but there are elements of perfection I found lacking in Vegas. We ordered a Foie Gras and it was somewhat underdone for my taste although we ordered it medium (so as to get good crispy ends off of it). The rhubarb paring didn't quite do it justice. The late reisling we ordered with it was superb. My Dover sole was overly crusted in phylo and under seasoned. I would have expected a more delicate treatment of such a delicate fish. My wife enjoyed the oil poached halibut as did I, but we both found it way overly salted. They have a great wine list and the '04 Montrachet Chardonnay was fantastic. The service was "Ok" but not stellar. Overall, I can't give it the full four stars because of my high expectations and the high price.
5	An amazing dinner (minus the cold greeting at the front door followed by confusion with my reservation) The BF and I were traveling with another couple and we were looking forward to this dinner.  I ordered the cookbook tasting and the remainder of the party ordered the pre-theater menu. Potatoe and leek soup amuse bouche to start...lovely with a zest of orange for tang and crisp croutons. Warm rolls are offered. accompanied by salted butter, the meal itself from start to finish was excellent in flavors and presentation-the Tuna Tartar was very fresh, some of the best tuna I have had in a long time.  Given the service and level of food I would expect to pay more, but it was very reasonable and we ordered a bottle of wine.
5	The absolute best meal I have ever had, and I have been to the French Laundry, so that's saying a lot. You HAVE to get the lobster pot pie, simply unreal. The service was impeccable, the location is perfect, the decor and ambiance is perfect.... I could heap superlatives on this place all day long. A definite must have while in Vegas.
5	We did the tasting menu, but we should have just gotten the Lobster Pot Pie. It was great!Lobster Pot Pie!
3	Oh, the gilded hype about Mr. Mina.I guess I could have gone to one of those buffets four times with the money I spent at Michael Mina, and maybe I should have. It was when I was being seated at my table that I realized why the hostess offered me to take a look at the menu before I decide to dine there - I was the only one wearing a t-shirt and mini-skirt and flats. Then I got a little offended, thinking that the hostess probably thought I was a clueless international tourist from the Far East who randomly walked into the restaurant not knowing how fancy and pricey Michael Mina's meals could go for. Anyway, long story short, I almost mistook my Dover Sole for Filet-O-Fish by Mr. McDonalds. The spoonful serving of corn soup that came before the meal was really good, but I can't really recommend this place just for that. It's funny how I enjoyed the Michael Mina in my town (XIV in LA) but not the one in Vegas. Are they sure they're the same Michael Mina??? Just kidding.
1	So...my 15 minutes at Michael Mina at the Bellagio has scarred me for life. 1. Husband called a week earlier to make a reservation and requested a vegetarian menu. Was told that the restaurant was very excited to cater to a special request2. Husband received a call a few days later confirming our reservation and our dietary restrictions (no eggs for us)3. We show up at Michael Mina and the hostess welcomes us and even reads to us our dietary restrictions4. We are seated and given regular menus5. We ask for the vegetarian options6. Waiter calls manager7. Manager tells us that we didn't call earlier to confirm our meal and so they have nothing for us (note here that hostess greeted us with our request and our restrictions)8. Husband tries to tell him we did call and even received confirmation calls. Manager ignores us and tells us there's nothing he can do9. Husband asks if the chef could prepare a vegetarian dish10. Manager says no as chef is moody and doesn't cater to our whims11. I speak up and tell manager we are leaving12. Within 15 minutes of arrival, we walk out of the restaurant having had a sip of sparkling water. A once in a lifetime experience. Well, at least we saved ourselves 300 bucks. If I could give this place zero stars I would.
3	When I think back to my experience @ Michael Mina all I can remember is how BORING this restaurant was. I understand that this is meant to be an upscale  and refined place, but it is in the heart of Las Vegas for pete's sake! Don't get me wrong, I'm not suggesting to have Motely Crue blaring in the background, but step up the decor at least!Ambiance -BORING Servers - BORING Menu - BORING Regardless of how the food tasted, I have no desire to dine there ever again because it was just such a dry atmosphere. Bland white walls, bland white table cloths, smooth jazz (aka elevator music) playing in the background. BLAH! It was much too stuffy in there! For the record, the food was very well prepared but the pricing on the main courses seemed a little ridiculous. It's the type of place where you pay a lot of money for barely there portions. Don't bring your appetite to this spot!
5	Came here for dinner my first night in vegas which really helped to set the tone for entire trip. Located right off the Bellagio garden, Michael Mina is a little haven from the craziness of Vegas. I had the pre-theater prix fixe for $60 that started with a wonderful salad that had large chunks of feta cheese, crispy little disks of fried pita, and a hummus spread on the side. The appetizer was an homage to a greek salad with a creative twist. For my entree I had the filet which was a perfectly cooked medallion. The side is  bowl of mashed potatoes with a base of short ribs which was a great surprise. By the time dessert came around i was stuffed. The Opera Cake was really good with a nice combination of coffee and chocolate.The service wasn't perfect but very good. A waiter comes around and gives you a choice from several different types of bread while waiting for your food. Our server was attentive but not intrusive. We did have to wait a few minutes to have or water refilled even after asking, but that was honestly the only thing I can really think of that wasn't positive. One weird thing that I've been checking out more at nicer restaurants is the bathroom so i might as well mention that. It's a single person restroom that's extremely large and well decorated. The door is the entire hight of the room and there are real linens. Haha, even I think this is a weird way to conclude a review.I definitely recommend Michael Mina if you're looking for a fine dining experience at the Bellagio!
3	No one can argue that Michael Mina is a great establishment. However, their salmon dish is not anything I would ever want to eat again. I ordered it at the urging of my boyfriend over the lobster pot pie (which the waiter told our friend was the best thing on the menu...) and was severely disappointed. It was cooked to perfection but crusted with some black trumpet crusted layer that literally tasted like dirt. The chilled english pea soup also was a pass... BUT the dishes that shined were absolutely awesome. Their cocktails were all delicious, the market greens salad, oysters, lobster pot pie (dream, heaven, WOW- I did end up eating 1/2 of our friends after passing on my salmon), surf and turf tasting trio of kobe ribeye beef, filet mignon with crab oscar crust, and langoustine with bone marrow, stuffed colorado lamb, opera cake, etc etc... and the platter of jello-esque squares, macaroons and whatever else was on there (I'm trying to recall) were AMAZING.This doesn't make it into my top fine dining experiences at all and it is rather unfortunate because my boyfriend had me very excited about Michael Mina.
5	What an amazing dinner. The service was excellent. I love how the server would repeat the name of each dish before it was served to you. The dining room was romantic but was well lit - it was not too dark or too bright.  I ordered the Cookbook Tasting Menu ($118 per person)Before we started our tasting, the chef gave us a sample of watermelon salad w/ goat cheese. It was a good summer salad. I'm not a fan of goat cheese, but i was able to eat it - the goat cheese wasn't too strong, so it was okay. So now, onto the my Cookbook Tasting Menu:1. Osetra Caviar Parfait - it had layers of alderwood-smoked salmon, creme fraiche, and potato shallot cake. This was all topped w/ Osetra Caviar. This was my 2nd favorite course of the whole entire meal. Everything was so fresh that this course got its own sweetness to it. 2. Tartare of Ahi Tuna - I love how they presented this dish to me. They explained each ingredients and mixed everything together in front of me. This was a good texture dish, you got the freshness from the tuna, the crunchiness from the pine nuts, and the flavor of sesame oil and chiffonade of mint and a pinch of habenero. overall it was a good dish, but it didn't WOW me.3. Main Lobster Pot Pie - my favorite dish of the night. Originially I thought this dish was going to be small with diced up lobster. But boy was i wrong, the pot pie was a good decent size, it came w/ a good portion of lobster, it was big enough to fill up that pot.  Aside from the lobster it came w/ some vegetables and black truffles. The sauce was so creamy and so flavorful - you can definitely taste the brandy - this was just amazing. It was rich, which made it filling, but oh man, i can eat another one by myself right now.4. Kobe Beef with seared foie gras - the beurre rouge was an excellent sauce to complement the kobe beef. However the beef and the foie gras was so good on its own that I can do w/o the beurre rogue. It also came w/ two sides spinach and potato cake - those were just okay, the star of the dish was, of course, the kobe and foie gras. 5. Tasting of Michael Mina desserts - Coconut S'more, was pretty good, but i didn't think it was that special perhaps it's just me since i'm not a fan of marshmallow to start off with. I wish it had more coconut flavor. The Mini Root Beer Float was really good - it had a REALLY strong flavor of root beer. If you like root beer, you will definitely like this sample. Opera Cake was topped w/ this rich dark chocolate ice cream - it was heavenly! i loved this dessert out of the three samples. At the end of our meal, they also brought us another plate of cookie sampler with macaroons, brownies, some butter cookies, and what seems to be peach jelly. These were really good! This whole meal was an excellent experience. From the service to presentation of each meal to the taste of each dish was just amazing. I enjoyed my meal a lot. I'd definitely recommend you order their tasting menu since it's just a few more dollars more than their regular entree and this way you can try other dishes.
5	Outstanding cuisine and excellent paired wines.  Behind Providence, the next best meal I've had. If you count breakfast I had at Bouchon, makes the top 3.
4	Excellent, Excellent, Excellent. I didn't plan to eat here but couldn't resist after cruising around The Bellagio taking in the Conservatory and taking a gander at the menu.The food was outstanding - I enjoyed the Black Mussel Souffle and the Ahi Tuna Tartare - and the services was prompt, efficient, and what you would hope for in a classy place. It passed my "I'd love to eat here again" test.Pricey? Yeah a bit, but well worth it. Wish they had a restaurant near me in Carlsbad, CA.
5	Cookbook tasting menu:Elegance with a refined taste, topped with a beautiful blend of flavors to please you.  An experience for dining, not just a place to eat.  The dinner was about 2 hours and they were very attentive. The staff is amazing, the food tops the service.  It came out to be $300 for two people (no wine) after tax and tip and it was worth every penny.  Why? because the lady friend said it was one of the best eating experiences of her life and well... I'd agree. The main reason we chose this place was for the lobster pot pie.  Seeing how the tasting menu was a little bit more than just the pot pie, and it'd give you a lot of variety to taste, we went with this.  I was told by the reservation desk person that it came with the cook book, this is not true.  They charge an extra amount for that.  My suggestion for this place is if you don't like caviar, don't try to sub for the first course.  I had a bite of the lady's caviar after I sub'ed it for the halibut, I regret doing so.  I will definitely be back on a future special occassion.
4	The lobster pot pie... The kobe steak with foie gras...  Would have given it 5 stars, but the waiter seemed disinterested after we didn't order wine.
5	Over $300 for two for the 5 course tasting, no wine.  Worth every penny.  The decor is not stunning.  Wish this place was lakeside with a patio.  The service was Michelin worthy, very good.  Caviar parfait was great with plenty of American black caviar.  Well balanced with potato and salmon.The tuna tartare which is mixed at the table with a quail egg, sesame seed oil and pine nuts was top notch.  High quality tuna with bold flavors.The famous lobster pot pie had the best lobster cream sauce.  Very good dish.  The lobster was a bit tough but the flavor was excellent nonethelessThe aged ribeye with foie gras was amazing.  The combination of high quality beef with great foie gras always works.  Eat them together in one bite and it's just heaven.The meal ended with a variety of chocolate desserts which were all good including a noteworthy chocolate root beer concoction.Highly recommended.
4	Here's my recommendation for all of you out there who plan on committing a mass murder spree in the near future (particularly one ending in the state of Texas). For your death row Last Meal, request the Lobster Pot Pie from Michael Minna. The buttery, crisp and baked-to-perfection crust juxtapositioned with the succulent, meaty lobster chunks inside - kissed with a creamy, rich, black truffle brandy sauce - will absolutely have you creaming your bright orange pants. It's about the closest you're gonna get to Heaven. Cuz I'm prrrrrrrrretty sure you're headed in the other direction.
5	I would have to say this restaurant was one of the best dining experience for me. I had the regular tasting menu while my husband ordered the cookbook menu. We also had the wine pairing. Each wine that was brought out with our meal complimented each other very well. I tried his plate and wine and he would try mine. We had nothing bad to say about each item that was brought out to us. The master sommelier even came out most of the time to explain each wine pairing. Service was excellent. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
5	Looking back at my dining experience here, all I can recall is that lobster pot pie.  It really is as good as everyone says.  Not overly creamed, it is surprisingly light.  The mushrooms and truffle add a nice fragrance and earthiness that contrasts with the lobster essence.  The crust is buttery and flaky building up an almost croissant-like experience.  I have dreams about this dish at night.  Lobster rarely is served justice when cooked as a dish, but Michael Mina has definitely made it worthy of one of the best things I've ever stuck in my mouth.Best Thing - lobster pot pie
5	Elegant taste. Everything is cooked, seasoned, and plated perfectly. It all literally melts in your mouth. Expensive but worth every single penny. Top notch customer service.
5	I went to Michael Mina on a Saturday night with my bff.  Our reservation was for 7:30 and we were seated right away despite being a bit early.  We were both carrying a glass of wine as we walked in (courtesy of Bellagio) and the hostess offered to carry our wine to our table for us.  From that moment on, I knew we were going to be pampered for the night.Service:Wonderful service.  Our server had a deep accent so it was hard to understand him at times.  I wish I was able to fully capture everything he said about the wines that we had for the night but that's not his fault by any means.  Water glasses were never empty and finished plates were picked up almost immediately.  Trips to the restroom meant newly folded napkins.  There was really nothing more that they could have done to make the evening smoother.Food:We both had the cookbook tasting menu and shared a wine pairing.  Everything was delicious but our favorite dish for the night was the cavier parfait.  Bff didn't like the kobe beef with foie gras but I thought it was fine.  We were both looking forward to the lobster pot pie but it wasn't as great as we had hoped.  However, overall, I really enjoyed the food.  Every dish was flavorful and well plated.  The trio of dessert topped off the night. Wine pairing:I thought the sommelier did a good job pairing the dishes to the wines.  One thing I did notice was that the sommelier used more white than red wines.  Personally I prefer red over white but still thought that the pairings went well with the dishes.I would return again but with so many choices in Vegas, it won't be any time soon.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great meal at a reasonable price.  You get what you pay for at Michael Mina.
4	We chose Michael Mina as our fourth Restaurant Week 2010 meal. We had a 7 o'clock reservation. We were seated in the farthest corner of the restaurant, there is a small room next to the main dining room, we were in there. It was peaceful, you'd never guess you were a couple hundred feet from the craziness in the Conservatory.We were started with an amuse-bouche of watermelon topped with red onion, feta and balsamic vinegar. It was clean and refreshing.Then, we were offered breads: Italian and sourdough, both were warm and fresh. I preferred the Italian. After noshing on breads, we were brought our appetizers. My husband had bibb lettuce salad with Maytag Blue Cheese, Summer Corn, Bacon, Red Wine Vinaigrette. It was fresh and delicious, the vinaigrette was fantastic. I had the Heirloom Tomatoes Gazpacho with Spiced Crab Salad, Avocado, Summer Herbs. It was like biting into a fresh tomato only I was slurping it off a spoon. Yum. The crab salad was excellent, too.When it came to the entree I was torn, I planned to order the halibut which sounded fantastic, but the Lobster Pot Pie that Michael Mina is famous for was included on the Restaurant Week menu for a $30 supplement. Regular price for this dish is $78, this meant I'd get it plus a starter and dessert for $80.10. It sounds like a no brainer, but I've never been a fan of lobster. I tend to find the chewy texture off-putting, but on the other hand there was no better place for me to try it. My husband left it to the fate of eenie meenie miney mo and the winner was the lobster pot pie. I did not regret it. It was superb. I prefer the lobster claw to the rest of it, but overall it was very tasty. The brandied cream sauce was lush and velvety. It's really a beautifully composed dish, I'm happy I experienced it. My husband ordered a filet that was splendidly prepared it was one of the tastiest I've had in quite sometime, it was served with a short rib cottage pie, like shepards pie, with short rib, carmelized onions and whipped mashed potatoes. It was warm and comforting, not too mention delicious.By some miracle we still had room for dessert. He had Michael's Root Beer Float with Sassafras Ice Cream, Root Beer Sorbet, and Warm Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies. The float was pretty good, but the cookies, oh! the sweet heavenly cookies were the star. They would've been perfect served with a glass of cold milk for dipping. I had the Summer Blackberries over Caramelized Brioche and Cinnamon Toast Ice Cream. Eh, it wasn't very special. Neither the brioche or ice cream were a success. Thankfully, I have a dear husband who kindly shared his heavenly cookies.After dinner, the manager came by to check on us. We chatted a bit, mainly gushing how much we love Michael Mina's restaurants. He returned and poured us each a glass of a nice dessert wine. I don't recall what it was, but it was not cloyingly sweet like most dessert wines. We both really enjoyed it. Then, finally to end the meal our server delivered a plate of small treats with the check. The coconut macaroons and shortbread cookies were simply wonderful, as was the entire meal. The food, the service, it was all excellent. After three no-so=great meals, Michael Mina saved Restaurant Week.
4	I could not WAIT for this meal. I made the latest reservation possible on Saturday night to accommodate travelin' man's busy poker schedule. We sat next to a family (dining at 10pm? ok, whatever) whose pre-teen son played iPhone games throughout the entire meal and whose 14-15 year old daughter was wearing the kind of trampy mini-dress my (adult) girlfriends wear when they're looking to get nailed three ways from Sunday. Disturbing.Anyhoo, I did the Cookbook Tasting with wine pairings, and travelin' man, who wasn't feeling as hungry, sweet-talked our waiter into letting him order the smaller lobster pot pie from the tasting menu and a salmon entree.Amuse: watermelon and feta. Feta was delicious - actually, I thought it was goat cheese.First: tuna tartare. Hands down best dish of the night. Travelin' man started waxing poetical about how this was the only tuna tartare that could ever compare to a wonderful and mythical tartare he ate in SF back in the day - fast forward to us (well, me) figuring out that the SF tartare was none other than...Michael Mina's! At one of his first restaurants, Aqua. Second: the famous lobster pot pie. The kitchen was actually out of the tasting size and instead split a full pie between me and the man. Honestly, it was way too much and almost derailed the rest of the meal. Because - how can you stop eating lobster?? Especially with that sauce, and the truffle flavor, and, mmmm... but it's just too damn rich to eat too much of. And eat too much, I did.Third: Sole with something - clearly very memorable. I was still in a lobster coma, I think. It was delicious. I think.Fourth: American Wagyu Ribeye with foie gras. Holy orgasm in my mouth, Batman! Oh the richness. Oh the flavors. Oh the buttery goodness that just melted and exploded and composed a symphony, hired and rehearsed the orchestra, and created a masterpiece with each and every lovely bite. Until I was so full that I longed for a vomitorium. Oh wait, dessert!Fifth: sampler including a s'more bar, chocolate chip cookies, root beer float, and opera cake with chocolate sorbet. I do love me a fancy s'more...Wine was just ok (to be fair, I had been guzzling cocktails for a decent chunk of the day and I think my digestive system may have been protesting the introduction of more alcohol...). Waiter was pretty awkward, disappointing at a fine dining restaurant, but nothing to cry about. Stuffed like little foie gras duckies, we waddled back out into the Vegas night...
5	The best meal of my life. The service alone is 5-stars. I was here on a weekend with reservations at 5:30pm to get the pre-theater menu. Upon seated by a window with a view of the Bellagio pool, our server laid napkins on our laps and explained to us the menu options. We spent a bit of time looking through the wine list and the menu options. We both decided on the pre-theater menu $59/person for appetizer, entree and dessert. We ordered: Potato & Root Vegetable Chowder, Brioche-Crusted Florida Pompano (white fish similar to halibut), and the Maine Lobster Pot Pie, Michael's Root Beer Float served with warm chocolate chip nut cookies, and the seasonal fruit tart (fig over a hazelnut streusel with spiced ice cream). We had wine pairing with one of the meals. A man was walking around with a bread basket full of different choices of bread - the honey wheat and the sourdough was amazing. It came hot and toasty with just enough to dip into the chowder. The chowder was amazing - not too heavy even though it's a creamy soup. The chunks of potato combined with the smoked ham gave this soup a great texture and flavor. The main course was even better than expected. I had the Maine Lobster Pot Pie which came out in the pot it was baked. The server took the crust off the top and laid on the plate followed by re-assembling the pieces of the lobster in order. It's a full lobster. The color of the shell is a beautiful deep orangey-red color. You have the option of having it served without the shell. Then the server spoons out the veggies and mushrooms and drenches the whole plate in a fragrant sauce. My hubby had the pompano which was a tender fish over a bed of cauliflower which was less extravagant then my dish so I shared mine. I love lobster but couldn't finish my entree due to the amount of lobster and the richnes of the sauce. Dessert was good - I liked the balance of flavors from the citrus salt and the sweetness of the fig. The ice cream cleansed the palette and was refreshing. The root beer float was also good and had just enough sweetness. I couldn't finish the cookies or the small plate of chef's miniature desserts (coconut macaroons, chocolate cookies, one other type of cookie). We had to pack it up to go. Overall, I like the atmosphere with very attentive wait staff. One waiter kept bringing me iced tea every time I was low. They were generous with the wine. They did everything for us - except eat the meal. The table settings elegant, the lighting dim & romantic, and peaceful.
4	Their prix fixe dinner was a delight. We went here for a celebration, and it was a nice, intimate experience with delicious food and attentive but non-intrusive waitstaff.  We did notice that a head waiter appeared to be training our waiter but it was early evening.  The menus change regularly.
5	We went to Michael Mina (MM) for my Mom's birthday, and had an overall great meal.  Two of us did the tasting menu, and two did a la carte.  We appreciated them letting only half the table do the tasting menu, as many places will make the whole table do the tasting or no one.  The service was great, the Sommelier was one of the best we've seen in Las Vegas, and the food didn't disappoint.  One service characteristic that gave Michael Mina the 5-stars was their corkage policy.  It really gets to me that everywhere in this town charges at minimum $35 corkage fee, and even worse, they only allow a 2 bottle limit.  What if I am bringing in 8 people?  I'm already overpaying for the food (which I don't mind), but many of these restaurants forget they are in the "hospitality" industry.  While MM's corkage was $35, they did not put a 2 bottle limit.  This was especially important because we had 4 people at our table, meaning 2 bottles of wine was not enough (A bottle of wine feeds 4.  But only 3, happily).  We also noticed that they allowed us to bring in a bottle that they had on their list.  While we would not have done this if we had noticed, we appreciated their hospitality they gave us that night by not even mentioning it.  This sense of hospitality is something that many of the fine dining restaurants on the strip are missing, but MM was very hospitable.  As a customer, I want to be able to feel like I can request anything and get it, and they definitely make you feel that way at MM.  Now to the fun part, the food. The tasting menu was, by far, the best value.  It was $118 for 5 courses of his signature items.  There was only one clunker in this tasting, all the rest were some of the best dishes I have ever had.  The tasting menu consisted of:1) Tuna Tartare: This was the best tuna tartare I've ever had, by far.  While many people love to point out how popular and typical the dish has become, they often forget that Michael Mina was one of the chefs who made this classic dish very popular.  The tuna was great quality (unlike a lot of tuna used for tartare), and the flavor was fantastic.  A little bit of heat from the chiles, nice texture from the pine nuts, great well-rounded flavor from the sesame oil, and it all binds together with the quail egg.  Great dish.  2) Maine Lobster Pot Pie: This is, by far, Michael Mina's most popular signature dish.  The Lobster pot pie put Michael Mina on the map, and for very good reason.  This was another fantastic dish, one of the best lobster preparations I have ever had.  The tasting portion was a little smaller than the giant a la carte portion, but it was still a perfect size portion for the tasting menu.  The lobster was tender, succulent, and very flavorful.  The brandy cream was rich, deep, complex, and full of layers of flavor.  Michael Mina attributes much of his success, and specifically this dish, to his experience he has in Baking and Pastry when he first came out of culinary school.  The first two courses of this tasting menu will show you why Michael Mina has so many restaurants.  3) Phyllo-crusted Sole:  This dish was a major clunker.  The fish itself had great texture, and was cooked perfectly, but the overall dish mechanics were off.  It was served with a horseradish mascarpone, and what seemed to be a dijon beurre blanc (butter sauce).  While this dish was not terrible, it was not great.  The flavors presented were very dulled down, therefore the main flavor in every bite was the horseradish.  This dish was the only one that was not one of MM's signature dishes, and you could tell.  This dish was not bad enough to take away from the other gems, so I could not take my rating down simply because of one dish.  Does an album get ruined by one song? No, and neither does a tasting menu.  4)  American Kobe Ribeye w/ Seared Foie Gras and Truffled Potato Puree:  Wow!  This is all I can say.  Anyone who knows Michael Mina knows that he is an expert in the use of Foie Gras and Truffles (pretty damn good things to be an expert in), and I think Kobe beef can be added to that list now.  His method of using sous-vide (temperature controlled water bath cooking) to cook the meat, and simply searing it before serving, is another thing that makes Michael Mina unique.  The ribeye was cooked perfect Medium-Rare (just like I ordered) and was topped with a nice chunk of Foie Gras.  The whole thing was on top of creamy, rich, flavorful truffled potatoes.  This dish went perfect with the 2004 Rubicon we were drinking, and was another gem in this tasting menu!5) Root Beer Float, Opera Cake, Coconut S'more:  The desserts were very good, but nothing too special.  I really liked the root beer float, which was root beer sorbet served inside root beer.  The root beer sorbet had great anise flavor, just like any good root beer should.  And it was served with two warm cookies that made a perfect way to end a meal.  The other cakes weren't too impressive, but very tasty.
5	Best meal of my life so far, hands down. When 4 out of my 5 best buds fell ill just before the weekend of my 21st birthday, my mom decided that she and I were going to Vegas instead. At first I was bummed that my friends couldn't make it, but what a trip it was, and this meal was the crown jewel. We both had the "classics" tasting menu with wine pairings. The service was impeccable from the moment we walked it, the bread was fresh and heavenly, we had a view of the Bellagio pool...and did I mention that the sommelier there is both knowledgeable and HOT? After a few glasses of wine I was debating asking him if he was married...but no, I didn't. Gotta keep it classy in a place like this!I don't remember each specific dish, but the standout was that Maine Lobster Pot Pie. Dear gods! I was frustrated that I got too full to finish it! So luscious, simple and yet complex at the same time. MM deserves every minute of fame that he's had due to that dish. Totally exquisite.
1	Good heavens. While the cat's away, the mice will play. That's the only way I can rationalize the disaster of an evening we experienced tonight at Michael Mina.Long a fan of Mina's (Michael Mina in SF, Aqua) I was looking forward to dinner tonight. I've had nice (though not earth shattering) meals this week at Picasso, Sensi, Bouchon, Robuchon and was expecting something good. What a mistake. Seated (on time) in a nice window table in the back, it didn't take us long to request a reseating given the overpowering aroma of what smelled like urine. This might have been the high point of the evening. Being shown to a new table, the staff proceeded to serve everyone around us with great skill. Ninety minutes...yes, ninety minutes later, in a half full house, we still hadn't had our entrees. It was explained to us that there was a new menu instituted that day and the kitchen was having problems but really...was that my problem? And at these prices? No dinner for us tonight. We left.So much for Michael Mina in Las Vegas. What a disappointment. Michael should come back (if he's actually ever stepped foot in this place) and lay down the law.  I'm afraid that it'll be some time before I visit any Michael Mina property and frankly next time I'm in Vegas I'll forgo the Bellagio and stay someplace closer to a real restaurant.Zero stars.
4	Pros: Lobster pot pie, black truffle potato puree, friendly serviceCons: Kinda pricey, but that's expectedKristin C. and I ate here at the Bellagio to celebrate our 4 year anniversary.  We had a reservation at 7:30 and were promptly seated.  I love when you have a reservation and you actually get seated right away. Anyway, the decor is very elegant, but not too gaudy or overdone.  Definitely felt like a Bellagio restaurant.Although they have a "tasting menu" that seemed pretty good for the price, Kristin C. and I opted for selected our own entrees.  We started with the steak tartare salad and I ordered the sashimi plate.  The steak tartare salad was pretty good although they could have put less steak and more vegetables.  The sashimi was good, but it wasn't amazing.  For our main courses, we got the lobster pot pie and Mediterranean grill plate.  The lobster pot pie is one of their signature dishes and it definitely did not disappoint.  The lobster pieces were generous.  The Mediterranean plate was pretty good, but it wasn't amazing.  It had grilled calamari and prawns, but it wasn't anything to write home about.The big winner in my mind, however, was the black truffle potato puree.  Anything with truffles is a win in my book, and that puree was no different.  It was creamy and had the right amount of flavor. Delicious.In the end, without any beverages, our bill came out to $199 without tip.  Kinda pricey, but not too bad for a fancy meal.
2	The service was nice as expected with most higher end restaurants, but the food left me and the eight other guests in my party completely.. underwhelmed. We all had the classic tasting menu. I've been to a few Michael Mina restaurants in the SF Bay Area before, and only really loved RN74 out of them all.. but I had higher hopes for this Michelin star restaurant in Vegas. I'm not a stranger to having tasting menus, but I do usually feel like I get my monies worth with an extraordinary experience and meal. This was definitely not the case. Everything felt.. ordinary. The tuna tartare was really good, but everything after that fell short. The lobster pot pie had such tough pieces of lobster and the taste was so overwhelming, it made me sick of lobster.. I don't think I want lobster again for a while. The steak dish was not impressive, and the rootbeer float was just O.K (although the cookies were delish!). Overall, I won't be back or recommend this Michael Mina location. I can't believe I went to an "SF Restaurant" in Vegas.. big mistake.
4	Warm and elegant was my first impression as I was greeted and seated.Our waiter was more than professional, he was personable, engaging, and helpful throughout the evening. The Sommelier was very good at his craft, and we discussed the hilly mosel region). I loved the lobster pot pie (but I gave this restaurant only four stars only because the lobster was chewier than squid ...poorly cooked squid)the waigu beef with seared fois gras was mouthwateringly delicious and perfectly cooked. I could go on and on about the food, but I must get to the desert... German Chocolate Cake, Toasted Coconut Ice Cream, Candied Walnuts and Root Beer Float with Sassafras Ice Cream, Warm Chocolate Chip Nut Cookies. The wine pairings were right on, from the light grassy chablis to the rich full bodied bouredeaux.I must say though, that the service at Michael Mina put  the service at Joel Robichon's to shame  (they were horribly snooty... AMAZING FOOD and awful waiters).About $420.00 for the two of us and well spent. A delightful relaxed evening!
1	So, the day after I posted this review I got a call from the restaurant...George. He apologized profusely for the terrible experience I'd had. He insisted, repeatedly, for another opportunity to satisfy me. The next time I'm in town, etc. He said he was going to send me something via email. I gave him my email address and then...nothing. Nada.I don't know what's going on at Michael Mina but it's too bad. His big push to become a national brand has come at the expense of his base.
5	An experience to die for! All I can say is- Heaven.
4	It never ceases to amaze me how the high end restaurants in Las Vegas can create these oases of calm and luxury just a few feet off the bustling casino floor. The service was definitely the high point of our dining experience here. All of the waitstaff were friendly and engaging while delivering that polished, choreographed elegance one expects. The food was delicious with the one exception being the restaurant's signature lobster pot pie in which the lobster was disappointingly tough. Other than that is was truly a wonderful experience and I'm looking forward to going to Mina's San Francisco establishments
3	Expected a better food & service experience. Dined here a few times with hoping for a better experience each time. Hey it is in the Bellagio, so, it is convenient when staying there.  While a " good "restaurant wouldn't you think they would at least attempt to be GREAT ? now kinda a chain, the Mina restaurants are now a formula and run by robots. 'Vegas gets visitors from around the world, and from famous places like Oxnard CA.  Again, love reading other reviews, with comments like "yahooo I had a  lobsta pie", or "the wine guy recommended good wine" or "I was greeted and seated". Perceptions of service vary based on ones life experience ( 'nuff said ). Maybe I am from a different universe.....and I ask myself where are the new and interesting/creative dishes ? Where is the enthusiasm for working for the Mina? Where is the  ENERGY ? Well, when running a restaurants by robots a restaurant becomes routine, when managing ( or mangling ) a dining experience no one cares.... although the robots are programmed to display prescribed dose of caring and sympathy. A new Mina concept might be like getting an ipad when you enter, which gives you a walking map to your table, displays the menu, wine list with "suggestions" with a button to press "confirm order".
3	For a Michelin rated restaurant It didn't meet my expectation.  I guess I don't know what expensive food should taste like.  We did the 5 course tasting and a couple of appetizers because we knew the five course meal wasn't going to be enough food.  And No,  we are not big people and not overweight.  Actually my wife and I are HOT!  : ).  The waiter warned us that it will be too much food but we didn't believe him.  He was right!  The tuna tartare was bland and the lobster pot pie was decent.    My favorite two dishes were the Foie Gras and the desserts.  The foie gras melted in my mouth and all the desserts were excellent.  We were so stuffed that we had to be rolled out of  there. Bill came to $350.....OUCH!  Luckily I won 1g at the poker table that day. whew! Food: 3 starsService: 4 stars  Atmosphere: 3.5 stars
5	Had the tasting menus (they let us mix dishes from both). Hands down, the best (and most expensive) meal I've ever eaten. Worth every penny because we still talk about it nearly 2 years later.
3	Middle of the road main course, great dessert, good wine selection, but , when you throw in the price, over $100 per person, it was a little disappointing. The service was prompt, and on our table. Someone slid the bill down the second we finished the desert, and for the next 30 minutes that we were finishing our wine, not one visit from anyone.....It is a 3 star joint, when you take it all in.
5	I was wonderfully surprised. I believe this location has 1 Michelin star and I was excited to give it a try. Our party came for the $60 3course Prix Fixe menu. We arrived a little late and they only offer the menu within a short hour between 5-6pm i believe. However the waiter was nice enough to offer the menu anyway. The ambiance is nice and clean in the restaurant. I had my doubts walking into this place because it was located next to the arboretum at the Bellagio and it was particularly busy that evening.  But the sound from the crowd was nicely muted within the restaurant, I hardly notice all the passerby outside as soon as we sat down. the menu was great. My brother opted in for the tuna tartare. The waiter mixes the ingredients right infront of you and the dish was fresh and the flavors were vibrant. I opted for their pumpkin soup and grill cheese sandwich. I don't remember what the cheese was but that sandwich was delicious... It was down right magical. The soup was creamy and the flavors were strong. Some might not like it as much if they don't like pumpkin but it sat well with me.Second course I opted for their lobster pot pie. It was $20 extra I believe but it was totally worth it. They stuck a whole lobster in the pot and baked in its own juices and veggies. The lobster has got to be a good 3lb. I was stuffed from this. The other people in my party got the filet. I can't comment on that dish because I didn't try it. But it did look delicious and my friend said it melted in his mouth. So I'm going to assume its good.The dessert was either the rootbeer float or the chocolate truffle. Both were good. The float had a little waffer straw which was a nice touch. The chocolate was intense but with a very nice texture. the service was good all around. I am wonderfully surprised with this restaurant. I would not mind returning and trying the Chef's menu next time.
4	I had a great time and meal here during my recent visit to Vegas.  I can't remember the last time that I ate and drank so much (we had the food tasting menu + wine pairings + roasted foie gras), but I don't regret a single thing that I tasted.The best thing that I had was the famous lobster pot pie, which I recommend everyone try at any Michael Mina establishment that offers it.  It is divine!  The foie gras was beautifully presented and paired with pineapple and a delicious duck con fit "crepe."  I would've eaten more but I was already full by the second course.  The wine pairings were fantastic as was the service.  We closed the place down and never felt rushed.  I can't wait to come back!
3	I've tried Stonehill Tavern, XIV and here and considering the fact that this is the restaurant that bears the name of famed chef, I must say it was my least favorite.  Don't get me wrong, it was still good but I think previous experiences were amazing. We started out with hors d'oeurves plate which came out with bite size tuna tartare, crab BLT, cured trout and pb&j foie gras.  This was my favorite course.  Trout was my favorite but other three were very delicious.  I wanted to try out sole but by the time I ordered, the restaurant was out of sole for the night...at 7:30 pm on Saturday!  I was very bummed because it was their popular dish.  So, I was forced to pick another plate which was "three seas", tasting of Japanese fish.  When it came out, I was still hungry just looking at it.  It was sliver slice of salmon, cod and tuna with some rice and daikons.  It was tasty but too small in portion.  My husband got jindori chicken which was ok.  His chicken came with rice in foie gras sauce, and that was very good.I don't mind spending money on good food, but here I felt robbed since miniature food came with such huge price tags.  Service, on the other hand, is exceptional.
5	worthy of the lone michelin star that they proudly display.  was here on a business trip and thoroughly impressed with the service, it was excellent (aka my glass of water was constantly full during the 3 1/2 hr dinner).  eclectic selection of wine by the bottle or glass.  i was with a group of 7, so we tried several bottles of reds and whites recommended by their sommelier.  i also had a separate glass of cakebread chardonnay that paired really well with the lobster pot pie (a must have).
4	Overall, I enjoyed my dinner here; however, I will probably not rush back any time soon. For the price, I much prefer Le Cirque at Bellagio (see those yelp reviews, they are stellar!).  However, this is a good restaurant. I ordered from the pre-theater menu, and I was pleased that I was able to upgrade to the lobster pot pie for an addition 30 bucks. For the starter, I had the grilled cheese and soup (really yummy!). The pot pie was good, with an entire lobster in it, although I probably wouldn't order it again because I'm really not a big fan of pot pie. The sauce in it is good, so I'm not complaining... I just wasn't blown away like everyone else. I had the root bear float and cookies, and I was NOT impressed with either. The service was pretty good, but again not nearly as good as Le Cirque. The atmosphere also wasn't anything too special. So overall, above average food, but I've had better dining experiences in Vegas.
5	We had the food tasting menu and it was amazing.I didn't think I would like the lobster pie, boy was I wrong.The kobe beef  is the the best beef I ever had. The wine was a perfect compliment for each dish. The staff was excellent right down to the wine steward.
4	Delicious food, excellent service & nice presentation.
1	Had a very disappointing meal here on Saturday night.  The tasting menu started well with the ahi tuna followed by the lobster pot pie.  Both were excellent dishes.  The next course was the American Kobe beef.  It was the smallest portion of beef that we had ever been served--2 oz. by my estimate.  All four of us who ordered the tasting menu felt ripped off.  When we told the waiter of our displeasure, he said there was nothing he could do about it because the kitchen had already shut down.  It was obvious that the waiter did not care knowing that he was addng the gratuity to our bill (party of 8).  We did not get an apology or a visit from the management.  I have never had poorer service at a fine dining restaurant.
5	Got the opportunity to eat here last week during the NAB convention. Outstanding in every category, when it comes to michelin/AAA 4 diamond restaurants. You need to remember that portions are small when it is about the art of cuisine, so don't come with your buffet appetite (like mine, usually). And prices are about as high as it gets. But if you prepare and still want that, the service, the choices (Russian caviar, foie gras of all descriptions, et al) the tastes and the cocktails are truly an event. A suggestion for the meat lovers like me who need substance for sustenance: the porterhouse for two. Outstanding
4	A very nice wine list with a wide range of prices.  We needed Sparkling Wine, I don't use the 'C' word for it anymore even if it is from France.  The usual French sparkling wines, how do you like that France?, but even though I adore Veuve Clicqout I have been trying California sparkling wines.  The sommelier said the California sparkling wine is not on the menu, but it is very good and it turns out is  1/2 the price of VC Yellow label.  I can't remember the name of it, Cisnaros or something, but it was a great deal.  Heavier than VC Yellow but good.  We make goat cheese with beets and vegetables at home, but their appetizer had almonds with the brown outside removed and they used aged goat cheese with a light brulee that was beautiful.  So much nicer than standard Trader Joe's goat cheese that we use.  Very nice dish.  She had the grilled sturgeon which was very tasty, but came out just warm.  She sent it back and then was perfect.  I had the Sole with a phyllo dough top in a Dijon sauce.  Was a terrific dish. We were there for a special day, and the provided us with a complimentary dessert tasting of everything.  Overall is very expensive, but the staff was first rate and the food was superb.  Two entrees, bottle of bargain wine, appetizer, sparkling water, free dessert, plus tip $235.
4	Decided to treat myself to a 5-star meal for once in Vegas!! WOOT! We get seated and ordered the tasting menu, which is probably the best per our waiter if it was our first time here. The tasting menu included - ahi tuna tar tar, lobster pot pie, kobi beef, and array for desserts. What I liked about the service was the server would bring us the food and announce the food and what were in it (I guess that the 5 star eating experience). Ahi tuna tar tar - this was delicious. It had a quail egg, pine nuts, tuna, and other items on it which I can't remember and the server would present it and mix all the ingredients together in front of you before I put anything in my mouth, lobster pot pie - YUMMY! This was the an incredible dish. I am usually not the biggest lobster fan, but the way it was prepared, I am a fan now. You get a big lobster tail piece in the pie with vegetables and in cream broth. I was full after this meal. Kobi beef - it was a good, but I think I was just full by time this came..=P It was medium rare, but may have been too rare for me. Dessert - If you love dessert, this was the BOMB! It was a tasting menu of dessert - blood orange bon bon, old fashion root beer float with 2 chocolate chip cookie, brownie with ice cream, and I think 2 other ones that I can't remember. I was overly stuff by the end of the meal! It was so good! I deducted one star because the servers were just running back and forth that it was just so fast pace when I wish it was more calming in a nice restaurant like this.
5	My husband and I went here before "O" from Cirque du Soleil and had the pre-theatre menu with some supplements.  We had:Ahi tuna tartare - wicked tasty!  Best part of the meal!Baked potato soup and grilled cheese - also wicked tasty!  My husband's favorite course as wellLobster pot pie - My husband liked it a lot, but it was too much food.  He got full really fast and it just got to the point where he was just eating lobster to eat the rest of the lobster on his plate!Phyllo-crusted sole - Excellent!  I liked all the parts separately and for the most part they went together, but sometimes I would screw it up and it wouldn't taste as good as it should!Root beer float - Tasty, but way too big!  The choc chip cookies were quite good!Brownie - Very tasty!  Small portion, but perfect for doing a tasting-type menu.Overall we really liked MM, but we were very full by the end, so if the portions were even a bit smaller we would have probably been happier.  Overall, the appetizers overshined the entrees for us, but maybe we just haven't found our signature entrees there yet :)Additionally, the service was amazing and it was great having the waiters explain what you are eating before you dig in.  The presentation was immaculate.  Oh, and this was our first experience with wine pairings and I must say.... we've been missing out!  These were AMAZING!Major kudos to Michael Mina, a great romantic date spot before the theatre :)
4	2nd trip here came down to a 4-star. The richness and portion size was a bit out of control. We got the foie gras for the table, and as my companion noted, it looked like they wheeled out MIchael Jackson's coffin.  It was like 1.5 pounds and it was just too much, and they didn't tell us "for the table" meant "table of 8."  The lobster pot pie still kicks ass. My sturgeon was good, not great.
4	Have dined at RN74 in San Francisco and the same  knowledgeable staff and exceptional food remain consistent here in Vegas. We opted for ordering multiple starters and platters so we could sample a variety of dishes. The hors d' oeurves platter with foie gras PB&J and steak tartare topped with a quail egg were our favorites. They are just bites, so order one order for each person. We moved on to the dungeoness crab ravioli, foie gras risotto (seeing a trend here) and tuna tartare, all of which were well balanced and very flavorful. We requested a wine pairing with our various dishes, but did not want to drink full glasses. Our server suggested half pours (they were actually more generous than that), which we appreciated and were expertly selected.The only reason we did not give this establishment 5 stars is we felt the entrees were a bit overpriced. Then again, we are at the Bellagio!
5	On a recent trip to Vegas, a group of us tried Michael Mina. This was one of the best restaurant meals I've ever had!  We dined from the chef's tasting menu, and were absolutely delighted by the ahi tartare, lobster pot pie, Kobe ribeye, and assortment of desserts. The service was impeccable - perfectly timed, coordinated with several servers, and they even offered some table side preparation. Loved it!
5	I'm not sure why I'm bothering to write this review other than the fact that it is truly every bit as spectacular as everyone says, and I can brag that I've been here.  The services was top notch and the black truffle risotto and roasted squash are not to be under observed as sides!!Shellfish appetizer, lobster, crab and oysters - check!Lobster Pot-pie - check!Porterhouse steak for 2 - check! (3 of us shared that actually)Dover Sole in phyllo - check!Really an amazing dinner with amazing company and amazing service!! This is worth saving up to go out to dinner for.
5	One of my favorite meals of all time. Next time I go to Vegas, I will be eating at Michael Mina again. Yes, it was expensive, but it was worth it.  Dungeness Crab Tortellini - amazing.  I was hesitant to order this because I thought it would be boring.  The sauce was yummy.  I couldn't help myself, I dipped bread into the sauce after we were finished with the tortellini.Porterhouse for Two - Personally, I thought this was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. I thought it was better than anything I've had at steakhouses such as Mastros or Cut. Also, the bread is very good.  I'm not as picky about ambience as I am with food, but I liked it inside. It was just right - not too loud, not too stuffy, not too trendy, not too dark, and the staff was very friendly. Actually, one complaint: there was only one bathroom stall!
5	A Solid 5 stars, I would give it more stars like 5 stars+ if I were able.This place is simply amazing, very yum yum tasty and so dee lish :)I've eaten here a few times with my wife and even once with my family when I have eaten at Las Vegas. It's absolutely fantastic. We always get the tasting menu which is sort of pricey but well worth it, and I mean well worth it. The specialty here is seafood dishes and everything is made with fresh ingredients. A typical meal here will run you in between $200-300, but it's great and if you're on vacation why not indulge.This restaurant is located in the Bellagio hotel. The restaurant is owned by Michael Mina who is a very popular chef and I've seen him on TV sometimes (Food Network, Hells Kitchen, etc.) I believe he owns a number of restaurants.It's been a while since I've been here so I can't really review the food, but I can tell you it is very much worth every penny.A definite go to place if you're in Sin City....
4	Service was 5+ stars, food was delicious. The steak 4 stars, salad with beets was my favorite dish 4.5 stars. Ambience simple, clean, great lighting.
5	Just piling on to everyone else's glowing reviews of Michael Mina.  We dined here on Saturday night prior to a show and the prix fixe theater menu was amazing.    The wine pairings with each course were outstanding.  Our party of five covered everything on the prix fixe menu including first courses of beet and goat cheese salad, the most amazing grilled cheese and potato and bacon soup, and a tuna tartare that was beautiful and flavorful.  Our main courses also ran the gamut and included a tender and perfectly cooked filet mignon, truffle stuffed chicken and foie gras rice, and a delicate phyllo-crusted sole with mascarpone horsehardish.  Outstanding, each.  Dessert brought chocolate brownies and ice cream or a root beer float and the most delicious chocolate chip and nut cookie I have ever tasted.  In addition to the great food, Miguel, our server, was impeccable.  He was warm and funny and spot-on with out being overbearing, whatsoever.  Between our party of five, we have dined at some of the best restaurants in the United States and around the world, and we uniformly agreed that Michael Mina was close to being the most enjoyable experience we have ever had at any restaurant.
5	While it's been nearly a year since I had a fabulous dinner at Michael Mina, I still think about the amazing meal I had.It was my first trip to Las Vegas and my boyfriend wanted to impress. By taking me here, he definitely did as well as enjoyed the food himself.We were recommended to try the Chef's menu and also followed it with the wine pairings. We both enjoyed the Ahi tuna tartar, LOVED the lobster pot pie, which got the pie to innards content right (I like a little breadness with each bite), and both of us were in awe of the Kobe with sear foie on top. I don't know if they still do that, but both of us just melted a little inside with each bit. It's in our top 2 of steaks...and trust me, we eat a lot of steak. I don't even remember the dessert, that's how mind blowing the steak was. I'm sure it was tasty and delightful because my dinner at Michael Mina was nothing but excellent.Service was impeccable, and they dealt well with my constant requests for their delicious bread. The wine pairings were done well, but I was happy I was staying in the Bellagio after dinner because that was a significant amount of alcohol in one sitting. The atmosphere was elegant without pretension or "over-styling." Probably the most comfortable restaurant I went to in Vegas. Most people were well dressed (i.e. slacks and dresses) but no need for anything over the top. I wore a little black dress and my boyfriend wore a nice sports coat with dark slacks. While we were probably the youngest ones there, the servers didn't treat us like we didn't belong there, which sometimes happens in upscale restaurants. Big plus for that.I'd love to go back, but this time, I'd probably order something different just so I could try other things...but I'd get the Kobe again. For sure.It's worth the pennies to go, and try the chef's menu!
4	Great dinner and over all experience for this One Michelin Star 2009 rating.This place is set in the beautiful Bellagio Casino Hotel in Las Vegas.  It was great walking through the garden to get to the restaurant.When you first walk in, the host greeted us accordingly and no wait at all, of course we had a reservation.  Upon walking to our table, we must have received 5-6 other hello's or welcomes with a smile and eye contact from the staff...which provides a great cozy atmousphere.  We started with the fish tart tart and it was delicious...melt in your mouth creamy delicious when eaten with all the flavors on the plate.  They give you table side service and mix it in for you too.  Plating at the same time for the both of us at the table.  Then the lobster pot pie came out and looked so pretty.  They cut the crush off the top at the table then serve it too you.  The flavors were delicious.  One reason this place is not my 5 star is because our pot pie was a bit raw and not cooked through.  The huge lobster chunks in the creamy sauce was raw still...which they were more than happy to fix for us and heat it up a touch.  We then had the American Kobe beef...which was chewy and tasty...but ok...didn't think anything special about it.  I've had more creamy and melt in yo mouth meats before ...and this was meh...but not rememorable.  My wife's piece was also a corner piece and more cooked and tough for a medium cooked piece.The deserts were delicious!!!  One bit pieces and there were 4-5 different types we got to eat.  The first piece was the best!!! Light and airy.  Something rolled up with cream in the middle and top of it.  not as sweet but delicious.Upon leaving...we got another 5-6 "thank you for coming" or "have a great night" from the staff when we left. I would definately come back...out waiter was pretty cool and personable too.  Easy to talk to and full of facts. :P
2	...not so good....the $14 cocktail, described as "savory" was really sweet and not very cold.  My husband had the surf and turf tasting menu, and I had the vegetarian tasting menu.   He loved the caviar opener, while I thought the arugula salad was nothing special and vinegary.  Husband's 2nd course was the lobster pot pie, their signature dish, generous portion but alas the lobster tail was tough and over cooked, he chewed and chewed and chewed each bite, rendering conversation difficult.. Meanwhile my 2nd course consisted of four tiny tortellini swimming in an sea of over powering, sweet red pepper sauce.  I dissected them in half but still ate them in a blink while he continued masticating the rubbery lobster.  His 3rd course was kobe beef....again, tough and chewy!  My third course was a discordant, Japanese inspired hodgepodge...a spoonful of sticky rice, two baby bok choy, a round of daikon, two battered mushrooms and a bowl of vinegary sauce...each item was well prepared, but still a dish that would have been disappointing at 1/4 of the price.We both liked the desserts.  I applaud them for having a vegetarian tasting menu at all.Maybe it was an off night in the kitchen.
5	I don't think I will ever forget "the moment" I had with my miso-glazed chilean sea bass. I thought I was in heaven. It was seared on the outside and what i did not expect was how soft and moist it was inside. It felt like I was eating fish fat because it was so smooth except that it was not fish fat. It was fish! That magical sea bass was part of the Three Seas of Fish entree that I got. The other two fish pieces were the seared Hawaiian tuna and scallop. That entree was basically an interpretation of Japanese cuisine and reinterpreted into Michael Mina's version without losing any of its authenticity. The tuna tartare was also very delicious and it is mixed up together in front of you at the table. The shellfish platter which is commonly ordered as an appetizer is substantial enough that it could be an entree in itself. Some creative flair is definitely shown in the shellfish platter e.g. scallop ceviche served with fresh popcorn. We came to Michael Mina not knowing what to expect except from knowing that it has a Michelin star and the food impressed us in many ways.Our server was nothing short of professional, helpful, and friendly. In fact, I think he should moonlight as a part time photographer when he is not working at Michael Mina. At the end of the meal, my husband and I asked our server if he could help us take a photograph. We didn't know what we were in for. After we handed him our camera, he proceeded to rearrange the items on our table so that they would look nicer in the photograph and he temporarily removed some "ugly" items on the table (our table's check), etc. After the first shot, he walked over to the other side and suggested us to hold hands over the table (which emitted some laughter from the table next to us although I think they laughing at our server and not my husband and I) for the second shot. And then finally he wanted to take a third shot of us and suggested my husband to stand by my chair. LOL. Our server was cute. Gotta love him.Michael Mina is a fine dining restaurant but it is in no way pretentious or stuffy. Easily one of the top restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	Very good restaurant in the Bellagio.  The food was quite tasty and the decor was simple, but nice.  The service was somewhat disappointing as we had to ask our server for the pre-theater menu that they promote outside and on the website.  The other servers were promoting this menu, but not ours - I guess because it was cheaper than the other prix fixe menu being offered.
4	Michael Mina's is a place I come every time I visit sin city. It is one of my favorites and has never disappointed me. The food is a class act and the tastes are artfully prepared. The tartare is amazing, and every fish dish I've had there has quite literally blown me away.
5	OK, so its not the typical place for a poker player to frequent; you should dress better than jeans, a t-shirt and hoody; but I'm also a serious foodie.Michael Mina is Inspired new American cuisine at its best.  The food, through the use of multi-ethnic flavors and ingredients, captures the diversity of this country.The foie and pineapple served with a buckwheat crepe is fantastic.  The addition of the macadamia nuts is genius both for the texture and the complementing flavor of the macadamia nut oil against the fat of the foie.  The pronounced use of allspice really adds depth to the dish.   The tuna tartare is equally good.  Classic in presentation but not in preparation.  Quail egg for rich creaminess pine nuts for texture and its oil that enhances the sesame oil, mint for brightness and ancho chile for earthiness; an incredible bite!For mains, its simple:  LOBSTER POT PIE!  It is the perfect balance of flaky pastry, aromatic veg, perfectly cooked and succulent Maine lobster, enveloped in a lobster cream sauce.  (My stomach actually rumbled as I write this).  For all the times I've been here, it's the only main I order.  Its that good.Service is excellent. The wine list is excellent and incredibly well chosen to pair with the food.  Prices are in line with other restaurants of this caliber.Highly Recommended.
5	We were fortunate enough to be in Vegas for "Restaurant Week." Took advantage of the special offer, dinner $55 and wine pairings $20. Outstanding and worth even the regular prices. My appetizer of miniture grilled cheese and tomato soup (positive it had a fancier name) was wonderful..especially the soup.My date had chicken breast over savory rice on a bed of fois gras and savoy cabbage and reported it as FAN-TAS-TIC! I savored lightly crusted sole over a bed of crab mashers with a layer of horseradish marscapone with pea shoots. The pea shoots were perfect for cutting through the mashers and contrasted beautifully with the marscapone(we shared...of course.....probably the finest fish dish I've ever tasted). The wine pairings (our waiter made the selections) were 100% right on as compliments to our meals. Mydessert was a nicely presented chocolate brownie that was very fudgy and filling.....and the Mina's signature root beer float which is made with an IBC Root Beer sorbet....lots of sassafrass...sent my date to seventh heaven. Our sommelier was extremely knowledgable and helpful.....the wait staff was excellent without being "over the top." We'll be back....
5	There's not much that hasn't already been said. The seafood is what shines and they do a great job. There's a fantastic selection of wines to suit any dish and palate. The amuse bouches were quite good. A girlfriend opted for the vegetarian tasting menu and was very pleased.
3	So this review is based on the tasting menu that my g-friends and I had since we had a show to catch right after...mmmkay.. Dinner was actually quite disappointing.. Service was great.First...we had the tuna tartare....which was served on, I kid you not, wonderbread toast. My "I don't eat raw stuff" friend next to me had the dungeness crab ravioli substitute, which was really delicate and tasty..Then...we had the lobster pot pie. Everything inside the pie was delicious; lobster was cooked just right and the cream was smooth. But the pie crust was not edible.. I was about to take a bite of this cream-dipped  piece of pie crust and my friend belched out "DON'T!"..as she spat out the pie crust back onto her plate..oh my. I didn't believe her, but it really did taste like a stale piece of saltine cracker. How can you assume people will just eat the filling and not the pie crust...~sigh..And then...we had the kobe rib eye. The rib eye was really good; very tender and juicy as expected. The fav around the table is the creamed corn that came with it. My friend's snow peas were not blanched enough and it left a grassy taste.Finally...the dessert sampler. I really liked the root beer float with the chocolate chip and nut cookies.. We even snuck in some of those cookies to the show.. heh.Service...Their service was exceptional; couldn't agree with the others more. My runny-nosed friend wanted some tissue and our server came back and served her a plate of nicely folded hotel tissue. Result... I'm gonna give Michael Mina's another chance because as I was on the plane heading back home to SF, a few passionate foodie-passengers overheard our Michael Mina bickering and suggested the one in SF is soooo much better. So I guess we'll see..To be continued....in SF.
5	A Short&Sweet Review..... Shorter than most reviews and sweeter than a quick tip.SHORT (not so great....)1. Expect to spend some $$$$.... The four of us got the tasting menu and it was WORTH it.  The price was $98 per person and wine pairing was an additional $55.Sweet! (the Good)1.  We had a choice for the first course - Ahi Tuna Tartare or the Caviar Parfait. Both were delectable but the Caviar was definitely the winner.  Each bite bursted with flavors...literally... 2. The second course was THE LOBSTER POT PIE.... WOW.3. The third course was The American Kobe Rib Eye - Each tender bite melted in my mouth. The cream corn that came with the Kobe was delicious.4. Everybody at the table got a sample  serving of the five desserts - Hot Hulled Apple Cider, Glazed Chocolate Brownie, Brown Sugar Wafer, Chocolate Bon-Bon, and washed it all down with Michael MIna's famous Root Beer Float...I was in heaven....
3	To be honest, I personally might not have made the effort to try the one-star Michelin rated Michael Mina, tucked away in the corner of the Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens, if not for either for sizable gambling winnings, or Las Vegas Restaurant Week.  Fortunately (unfortunately..?), it was the latter in my case.For being such a fancy-schmancy dining establishment, there is quite a bit of noise and hustle and bustle going on here.  The kitchen line is (mostly) open for diners to view the madness that would usually be going on behind the scenes.  Also, servers rush around performing tasks like folding your napkin (or giving you a new one) when you excuse yourself from the table for a few minutes, or cut and deconstruct your lobster pot pie for you.Aside from the entrees, I initially found it amusing and/or ironic that the 3 course pre-fixe dinner options included such items as a foo-foo version of a quarter grilled cheese sandwich with the soup appetizer choice ($16), and a fancy root beer float ($15) for dessert.  Although quite tasty, I realized that having such items appear on a triple-figure dinner bill might actually have made the joke on me.Overall, a satisfying meal and experience.  The environment is rather hectic, but the service is very good.  The food is exceptional, but I would not come back without either a Restaurant Week pre-fixe menu offered, or a huge stack of winnings to splurge with.
5	This experience was best kept for our last night in Vegas. We read the reviews an saw the menu. I was most intrigued by the vegetarian tasting which included a tomato and avocado salad, a delicious sweet corn tortellini, and a wonderful sampling of radishes, coconut encrusted tofu, and mushroom crostini. It was a very good price with the addition of adding a wine pairing for $55. I opted for the Bellagio Cocktail which was champagne and puree. Very yummy. The meal was amazing! Service impeccable and endearing. I asked for the vegetarian when it wasn't presented and the waiter jumped to attention and got very excited that we had similar tastes. My boyfriend enjoyed the beet and goat cheese salad, which I snagged a bite of and it was a perfect pairing. He also opted for the n.y strip which was $70 plus dollars. He said it was the most amazing piece of meat, he's ever had. Mine came with dessert, which was fit for a group. Me and the bf shared. We started with a small espresso size cup of hot apple cider and small shortbread cookie. I thought that was it and then a WHOLE sampling of desserts showed up! " This is for one person?" I exclaimed! Two chocolate chip cookies, small rootbeer float with a peppermint stick, and Oreo style lollipop, and an amazing fudge brownie a la mode. I gained 10 pounds after this and it was worth it! Looking forward to burning it off tomorrow!
5	Exhilarating pre fixe menu that showcases the chef's masterful culinary skills!Located in the beautiful themed garden of the Bellagio, the restaurant's sleek blond wood interior was both intimate and inviting.  Set against soft lighting, the dining space was conducive to a festive and celebratory evening with good friends and at first glance of the tasting menu, i was looking forward to the exciting evening ahead. The Breads: Warm sourdough & honey wheat rolls came out nice & hot with a side of lightly salted soft butter. The sourdough was my personal favorite with its nice buttery crust and warm chewy center.Our party of four didn't need much coaxing as we almost instantly decided on the all inclusive chef's tasting menu with wine pairings, which included the famous lobster pot pie!  Tuna Tartare - Fresh plump ruby red tuna prepared table side with bright vibrant colors that was definitely a sight to see!  The ancho chili and fresh mint pumped up the volume by adding a tangy zing to this remarkable dish and the pine nuts added a pleasant rustic contrast of texture and rounded out the flavor profiles nicely!Caviar Parfait - Magnificent! Served atop airy light creme fraiche and a crisp potato cake, each bite was magical! The bubbly paired perfectly with this exquisitely enjoyable dish!Lobster Pot Pie - Outstanding! I was anxiously anticipating this dish and i am happy to admit that it did not disappoint! As soon as the server carved away the warm golden crust, the sweet smell of buttery lobster wafted into the air and i was mesmerized! As i glanced down into my ramekin, i could see chunks of juicy lobster bathed in brandied lobster cream and it made my mouth instantly water!  I simply love pot pie and lobster has always been on my guilty pleasure list, so the combination for me was a match made in foodie heaven! American Kobe Rib Eye - Perfection! The kobe beef was exceptionally moist, tender and buttery! Oh, and yes, it melted in my mouth! Hot dayam, what i'd give to sink my teeth into this luscious piece of premium meat again! Let's not forget about the sides! The butter poached porcini was rich and flavorful while the creamed corn was decadence in every bite!The tasting menu ended with several small dessert items that showcased the chef's whimsical approach to sweets including a magnificent root beer float, a cookie served with hot mulled apple cider, chocolate bon bons, chocolate chip cookies and a glazed chocolate brownie with cocoa nib ice cream & spiced pecans. In a few words, it was literally death by chocolate!!!....and oh what a way to die!The wine pairings were 100% spot on compliments to our meals. With that said, our server was nothing short of professional, helpful, and friendly.  It was great having friendly conversation with everyone but still enjoy the formalities of fine dining. What more could a birthday boy ask for?Happy "Birthday" Eats! Part Three
4	Really, really, really good food, but bring your arms, legs, and first born children because you will pay for it, bigtime, as you will if you go top end, hot chef anywhere in Las Vegas. My bias, I've taken a star off just for that.  We did the prix fix with wine which was decent value for the quality.  The lobster pot pie, their specialty, was particularly noteworthy.  Service was first rate, outstanding.
1	Service was great, but the food gave my girlfriend food poisoning. She's throwing up in the bathroom right now, actually.Also Michael Mina has a sick sense of humor - the dessert portion of the chef's tasting menu consists of more food than the entire appetizer and two entrees combined. If you're really into overwhelming amounts of dessert combined with an evening of vomiting, put this place at the top of your list!
5	Came here post Thanksgiving and we happen to arrive half an hour early for our reservation...so we were offered the pre-theatre prix fixe menu for $88 each person that includes wine pairing.  Absolutely enjoyed every bite!  My husband and I ordered different dishes so we tasted a variety of food explosions!  First, scallop soup and tuna tartare which they fly from Hawaii daily.  Soup was to die for and tuna almost tasted like Tokyo fish market fresh.  Full of complex and delicious flavors for both starters.  For the main dish, we had the filet and sole.  Fish was so delicate and melted in your mouth.  Filet was cooked perfectly and full of meat not sauce flavor.  Last, we had the milkshake and brownie which was okay but the port wine they chose was quite nice - fonseca port 2005 from Portugal.  Overall ambience and service was flawless.  Would definitely come back again!
4	We did tasting menu with the wine pairings. Best choice! (but defiantly not cheap)Walking through the christmas themed bellagio was amazing to start.We were seated in the back of the restaurant which was kinda nice.The food was amazing, all of it. Presentation was beautiful!Lobster pot pie. really talked up. I expected more.Kobe beef= LOVE ITgerman chocolate cake three ways. yumin general it was nice. would i go back? probably not. vegas has too many other amazing places to try!
3	We got the shellfish and O'hoerdove were good, $18-30 per set, a little pricey but worth getting. For entree $35-49, we had pork chop, the sauce was too salty but the meat was very tender. Nice staff very attentive, overall I would give a 4.5 for freshness of food but due to the saltiness of the food, I ll give it a 3 because my lips were red with the saltiness of the pinto beans cooked in ham and the sauce.
5	My evening here started at the bar.  I am typically a Kettle One or Glenlivet guy but I ordered off their cocktail menu this night.  The bartender was friendly and encouraged me to try the Powell Street Shandy.  If you were looking for something refreshing, this drink is like drinking a mojito or the brazilian caipirinhas. Instead of mint the drink uses muddled lime leaves.  Very good.I had made reservations prior to coming to Las Vegas.  For this restaurant I would encourage this.  The staff was accommadating when we arrived early.  They sat us when we were ready.  The waiters quickly introduced themselves.  Both of them were very knowledgable about their menus and were quick about their opinions. There is an in house sommelier who made a great recommendation on a red that paired great with the seafood and beef we chose for dinner.  For appetizers we ordered the tuna tartare and fois gras.  I cannot say enough about the fois gras, melts in the mouth, and completely satisfies. The tuna tartare for me, at any five star restaurant, is a great go too when undecided.  For dinner, I ordered the lobster pot pie and my buddy ordered the American Kobe ribeye.  The lobster pot pie is a house favorite and is quite amazing in presentation and taste.  The portion is quite large and if I was staying at the Bellagio and could take left overs to my room I would have had this for breakfast.  My buddy felt the same way about the ribeye.We did not order dessert. The Bellagio is a terrific hotel that offers a lot to see. The restaurant sits beside the garden and its great to hand out in before and after dinner.  Andre Agassi is part owner of the hotel and from what I understand dines there regularly.  I unfortunately did not see him.This restaurant is a great establishment that offers something for everyone. The wait staff is fun and generous with their time. They aim to please. The atmosphere is romantic but also is a great location for business or high end family dinner.  I would definitely go back.
5	Hey now this was 5 stars. I traveled to Vegas for a day to enjoy a nice dinner and the spa for the day. I had an amazing server, Li and the additional staff proved to be such gentlemen and attentive. I love it. I mean they pulled back the table as I rose to use the restroom, promptly delivered my wine and food. I just had such an accomodating experience it was worth every $ ;-) I didnt mind paying $118 for my dinner w/ a twenty % tip included. I would go back and recommend the Sole with snow peas along with a white wine. Missing you MM in Vegas...Shonta via Philadelphia
4	Classy establishment all around. The hotel it is in is the Bellagio. The service from the moment you walk in is what you expect from a nice restaurant.There were seven of us for dinner on a Tuesday and the place was jam packed. The service wasn't impacted at all. Everyone who touched the table had a touch of class mixed with a sense of humor.Our part ordered almost every entree on the menu with everyone raving. A few of us split the lobster pot pie. If you order it, definitely split it. Half an order was plenty. It is creamy which they warn/tell you about ahead of time.The wine list is exhaustive and if you are the one picking the wine will make you anti-social for about 10-15 minutes while you choose.Would definitely go again.
3	As far as tasting menus go in Las Vegas, i would say that this one does not rank that high in my honest opinion. I've dined at the Michael Minna in San Francisco and had a much better meal there than I did here and considering that it is Vegas and at the Bellagio, I was hoping for more.Everyone in our group decided on the tasting menu which for the price is not that expensive (4 courses for $98 with a wine pairing for another $55). However, we upgraded our tasting menu by getting the Russian Osetra Caviar for another $75.Our courses included the following with the wine pairing:- Caviar Parfait (Russian Osetra) - Alderwood-smoked salmon, creme fraiche, potato cake [Veuve Cliquot Yellow Label, Champagne)- Lobster Pot Pie - Summer vegetables, brandied-lobster cream [Louis Michel Chablis, Burgundy 2009)- American Kobe Rib Eye - Porcini Butter Poached, creamed corn [Volker Eisele Cabernet Sauvignon, Napa Valley 2006]- 5 different desserts including Glazed Chocolate Brownie, Root Beer Float, Sugar Cookies, Brown Sugar Wafer, and Chocoloate Bon-bon [Smith Woodhouse Vintage Port, Portugal 1999]Overall the meal was good, but nothing spectacular. The Caviar was very good, but probably not worth the supplemental upcharge. The Lobster Pot Pie was the highlight of the meal and I would definitely order that again. However, I was extremely disappointed with the Kobe Rib Eye in that it was not prepared very well - the server said they do their medium rare perfectly, but I disagreed. It was a over cooked and was definitely not near Kobe beef that I have had at other places. The desserts were a nice touch and I definitely enjoyed their Root Beer Float.
3	***Michael Mina's food is well presented and it is mostly decent, but it is not up to the standards of similar fine dining restaurants in SF and Chicago***Michael Mina sits in The Bellagio and is a bustling restaurant.  The open kitchen showcases a frenzy of activity and the dining room is dimly lit and nice (an elegant room but contemporary decor and not too stuffy).  The space is kind of straightforward and there is not much about it that will stick with me.I want to try Michael Mina's new spot in SF, but I decided to pay this Las Vegas location a visit first.  The menu consisted of pricey a la carte options (starters, entrees, desserts) or a four course tasting menu.  I opted for the tasting menu and added an additional starter.The complimentary bread at Michael Mina consisted of rolls--sourdough and honey wheat.  Both rolls were warm, which was nice, but the rolls were too big (too much bread, too dense, mild in flavor).My first course was the smoked salmon parfait, which sat on a potato cake and was mixed with creme fraiche and topped with caviar (there was a supplemental price for this course).  The flavor was good.  I liked the smoked salmon and the potato, which was crispy and not greasy.  The caviar was fine, but it did not pop with flavor like the caviar at Petrossian in West Hollywood.  Considering that Petrossian is next door, they might be using the same supplier, but the salty flavor of the caviar did not come across.I ordered the seared foie gras as an additional starter and it was a good combination of salty and sweet elements (date puree).  They garnished the dish with some pain perdu (French toast), but the pain perdu did not seem that fresh; it was a little dry and there was little crispiness to the outside crust.  Overall, the foie gras dish had a good flavor, but it was actually quite undercooked and raw.The next course was the lobster pot pie, which is a Michael Mina specialty.  The pastry crust was good and the pot pie mixture was kind of like a lobster-bisque, which included chunks of lobster, potatoes, carrots, and other vegetables.  The dish was incredibly buttery and rich.  The potatoes were slightly underdone.A lot of times, lobster can get cooked too much in these type of dishes and I felt that was the case here.  Even though the lobster had a good flavor, I would have preferred it softer.My main course was the American kobe ribeye, which was served on creamed corn and then garnished with a porcini mushroom sauce.  The ribeye was good.  It had a great outside bark (crispy and kind of like the bark you would get with smoked meats).  The meat was tender and had a great flavor (it was also juicy).I liked the sauce, which provided moisture and a savory flavor and was not too sweet.  The creamed corn (which was quite minced so it was kind of like a creamed wheat) was fine but nothing memorable.The dessert course consisted of many small desserts.  There was a chocolate bon bon filled with ice cream (just okay), a brown sugar wafer filled with cream (I liked the crispy, buttery wafer) and warm apple cider with vanilla sugar cookies (the cookies were standard stuff; the apple cider was strong but good).The bigger desserts included freshly made chocolate chip and nut cookies that were served with a root beer float.  I really liked the cookies, which were crispy, chewy and rich.  The root beer float was okay.  The ice cream combined with the root beer to make a root beer slushi.There was also a chocolate brownie with cocoa nib ice cream and pecans.  This dessert was moist and rich, but it did not stand apart from similar chocolate desserts I've had at other fine dining restaurants.Service was good.  The staff was personable and polite and the food came out at a good pace.Prices were high, but then again, a lot of Las Vegas fine dining restaurants are expensive.  Michael Mina's premium ingredients like the caviar and kobe meat are very expensive here, but there are also a few less expensive options.The food at Michael Mina was nicely presented and I really liked the ribeye.  If the foie gras would have been cooked properly, I would have liked that as well.  The other stuff I had was fine, but it was not up to the standards or quality I would expect to get with similarly priced restaurants in SF or Chicago.  I think Michael Mina in Las Vegas is an okay fine dining spot, but I am hoping that the new SF location will provide a much more superior experience (and I think it will).Bellagio offers free parking.
5	Outstanding. Yesterday, we went to Michael Mina for the second time and we were once again not disappointed. Last evening was our Valentine's dinner a couple of days early, so we were hoping for a romantic and memorable evening. The service is top-notch - attentive without being intrusive. Everyone is organized and efficient. Our sever Anacel was warm and gracious. My husband and I both had the vegetarian tasting menu and added in a dish of streusel-topped cauliflower. Oh my, that cauliflower! Rich and sweet at the same time! The rest of the vegetarian tasting menu allowed us to explore different and complex flavors.
5	I dined at Michael Mina @ Bellagio last night.  The food was awesome: tuna tartar appetizer was excellent and the filet was very tasty as well - fresh and perfectly prepared.  But the most memorable event of the evening was the quest for my beer - Bud Light.  You see, they don't serve Bud Light; they only serve Coors Light.  (I have no idea why.)  Here I was, enjoying my ultra fine meal with Coors Light, and I happened to mention that I like Bud Light better.  Without my prompting, the bartender runs over to the Poolside cafe, grabs a couple bottles of Bud Light and brings it over to me with a new glass.  I was totally blown away.  It was a very nice thing for them to do and is indicative of their dedication to customer service.  I've dined at Micheal Mina several times, and I continue to be impressed.
5	One of the most decadent and satisfying dining experiences in memory! Exemplary service and an energetic atmosphere - this is what I expected in Vegas dining. We began with the Ahi tartare paired with a lovely Reisling. It wa a perfect combination of buttery tuna, spicy ancho, crunchy pine nuts and refreshing mint. But the lobster pot pie was the ultimate joy. Rich, savory, perfectly balanced truffled brandy cream surrounding an entire lobster, cooked to perfection...and all paired with a delightfully crisp Chardonnay. Oh glorious creation, Perfection is thy name!! Dessert was a pleasant trip down memory lane in the form of a root beer float - unpretentious and delicious.  Michael Mina - you earned those awards, and then some!!!
5	This was my second Michael Mina experience, and the first with a seven course offering with wine pairings was most certainly five star.  This one, however, with a four course offering with wine pairings was slighly lower unfortunately.The service has been very good here, even though I've eaten at the bar both times.  We started with tuna tartare, which was fantastic.  Next up, lobster pot pie which is the best damn pot pie you'll ever have.  Unfortunately for me, the kobe rib eye just didn't wow me so much.  For dessert, the root beer float with cookies was good.  I loved the root beer, not the cookies so much.So, five stars for the previous experience, four stars for this one, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and go five overall.
5	My wife and I decided to try Michael Mina at Bellagio upon the recommendation of the concierge at Aria.  It is in a great location through the conservatory just past the main lobby.We had a fantastic server who recommended a Riesling for us.  He said that if we did not like it, he would take it and drink it for us.  Needless to say, we drank the hole bottle.We ordered the truffle risotto to share before our main course.  The chef split it for us, and it was one of the best tasting dishes I have ever had.  It was a bit pricey, and it was not on the menu, so it was a surprise when the bill came ($32!).  Well worth it.I ordered the Wagyu Ribeye because I know that it is one of most flavorful cuts, and I didn't feel like the filet.  Our server said that I should order the New York Strip, because the Ribeye can get a little firm at times.  I went with his recommendation and I am glad that I did.  Quite possibly the finest steak I have ever eaten.  It came with fingerling potatoes, that had a cheese sauce and fried onions. They were a fantastic accompaniment. My wife had the chefs special, a lobster pot pie.  The presentation was wonderful, as it was taken out of the pot and put on the plate.  It may have been a little over done, but the flavors were very good.
4	My boyfriend and I went to Michael Mina before The Le Reve show. We called in and made reservations a couple hours before and they were able to accommodate us. Service: 4 stars. We were greeted first by a young woman but a little later on she switched with another guy. Our server was pretty good all around but i've had better at other restaurants. I felt like he was 'just getting the job done' with our table because we look young and probably wont tip enough. Little does he know that I work at a restaurant and never tip lower than 15% !!- Another thing that I noticed was our previous waiter talking to one of the bussers about a lady's plastic surgery. I literally saw her making faces and laughing with the busser while staring at the lady at the table next to us. The lady next to us obviously had a lot of work done but I was surprised that a server at a restaurant like Michael Mina would even do something like that in public! Food: 4 stars (Chef's tasting menu $100 per person)1st courseAhi Tuna Tartare: very tasty. they bring the plate out, present it and then mix it together for you. however i think ive had better tuna tartare at other restaurants.Caviar parfait: my boyfriend had this for his 1st course. he liked it. Im not big on caviar though.2nd course: Lobster pot pie: the best dish of the night and surprisingly big! They give you 2 huge pieces of lobster.3rd course: Kobe Rib Eye: 4 small pieces of kobe rib eye. some potatoes and some cream sauce. I thought this plate was okay. Dessert: (you get all of these per person!)sugar cookiechocolate chip cookie with nuts brown sugar wafer (eh)chocolate bon bon (eh)root beer floar (fun)chocolate brownie with ice cream and pecans (my favorite)overall the experience was good. I was expecting a little more from the food but I guess we're paying for the name right? Don't think id go back.
4	We had a terrific meal here.  The chef's tasting menu consisted of caviar parfait (extra charge), lobster pot pie, wagyu ribeye, and a selection of desserts.  The caviar parfait is a beautiful layered tower with a crispy potato cake on the bottom, then layers of creme fraiche and smoked salmon, topped off with osetra caviar.  A magnificent presentation and so so so good.  My friend had the ahi tuna tartare instead of the caviar parfait, and despite all the raves about the tartare, I did not find it special.  The wine pairing was Veuve Cliquot yellow label Champagne which is fairly ubiquitous and I think not special enough for the singular caviar course.The lobster pot pie was exceptional.  Large chunks of tender lobster in a truffled cream sauce.  Holy mackerel, that was good.  The wine pairing with a French Chablis was so delicious as well.  Bravo.The wagyu ribeye arrived as a few smallish pieces with a few fingerling potato halves and some sylvetta (wild Italian arugula).  The morbier cheese sauce gave it a nice pungency.  The dish was delicious but the portion size was quite small.  I also found the paired cabernet sauvignon a bit timid for this dish.The selection of desserts was a bit underwhelming to me.  Root beer float was cute but a bit lightweight for a meal of this caliber.  The wine pairing was a 1999 vintage port which I was not impressed with.  The desserts and some of the wines brought my rating down to 4 stars.
4	I ordered the chef's tasting menu and the food was great - it's clear a lot of thought goes into each dish. And it's a kind of thoughtfulness that's rare even in fine dining these days. The ratio of main components to sides to sauces is perfect. I wasn't thrilled with a few things -- my steak wasn't served hot enough, its accompanying sauce was sitting out and had formed a skin -- and the waiter, although nice and friendly enough, spent most of his time chatting up the next table.So I ate:Ahi Tuna Tartar: Delicious. Each component - tuna, bell peppers, bosc pears - was portioned and sliced to perfection. Flavor was well-balanced and excellent, and didn't even need the accompanying slices of bread.Lobster pot pie: A little misleading to call it a pot pie since it's essentially lobster soup in a bowl with a thin puff pastry cover. Nonetheless, it's delicious. Good-sized chunks of lobster, rich wine-y broth, divine.Kobe steak with fingerling potatoes, crispy shallots and cheese sauce: Incredibly tender and juicy, seared to a perfect medium-rare. I'd have liked to see more crispy shallots but since it was essentially garnish, it's ok they only had a few strings of it. Like I said, the steak wasn't quite served hot enough and the cheese sauce had a skin on top. But I still ate it and it was still yummy.Dessert of pecan fudge, pecan/choc chip cookies, marshmallow dipped in chocolate and graham cracker crumbs, vanilla mousse-stuffed wafers, and a root beer float: This was the highlight of the meal, and I'm much more of a savory-foods than dessert-foods person. It was small portions of several kinds of dessert, all on one big plate. The mini root beer float was the perfect touch of whimsy, and was really refreshing when paired with the chocolatey items.
5	Best service!!   Best food!! One of the best meals we had on our trip. Worth every penny! Don't miss out!  Cant wait to visit Vegas again and to come back to Michael Mina!
4	We wanted to have at least one fancy dinner while we were in Las Vegas last week.  With lots of restaurants to choose from, the fact that Michael Mina has a Vegetarian Tasting menu sealed the deal for us.  Although I eat fish, I prefer to eat vegetarian when I can, so I was excited to see what was in store.  We'd never been inside the Bellagio before and it was very pretty with all the flowers, Chiluly art (I think it was Chiluly) and the merry-go-round.  Michael Mina was located in the back corner, perfect for taking pre-dinner pictures.  I am especially good at taking pictures of myself.  Some might call it self-absorbed, I call it good photographic skills. I digress.We had a 7:30 reservation but got there at 7 and asked to be seated early.  Since it was a Tuesday, we had no problems with that.  We were seated at a table and immediately brought out some bread and salted butter.   After choosing a bottle of sauvignon blanc (the cheapest one on the menu. what? dinner here was expensive, gotta cut costs somewhere), we ordered our tasting menus.  The vegetarian for me, the regular for my husband.  After finding out that I do eat fish, the waiter told me that the regular tasting menu was better and they could do fish instead of steak, but I really wanted to try the veggie.  My meal started out with a beet salad that was tasty.  Next was a fennel ravioli and finally some sort of tempura tofu dish.  I have to say, I liked the main course, the tofu, the least.  Too fried.  The regular tasting menu had tuna tartar, lobster pot pie and steak.  The steak was tiny.  I know it's a tasting, but I literally laughed out loud when I saw the three small pieces of steak that my husband was served.  He liked it though and I guess that pot pie was filling.The best part was dessert.  We were each given a sampler of five different desserts including a delicious root beer float that was my absolute favorite.Definitely a pricier restaurant than I'm used to going to, but when in Vegas!
5	Lobster Pot Pie is a must. The food is definitely worth the price!
5	One of my favorite dining experiences. Ever. For so many reasons. Well, the night started out in Vegas with my parents and sister. We came for a weekend of shows, gambling, and tasty food. The plan was to hit up Michael Mina, then to Cirque du Soleil's "O" in the Bellagio. On our way to the restaurant, as we walked by the Bellagio fountains, my boyfriend popped out of nowhere and proposed to me. Apparently this was all planned by my co-conspiring family members. After many tears and my dad acting like paparazzi, we headed to the restaurant. I have been vegetarian for many years, so my fiance and family decided Michael Mina would be a great restaurant since they have a vegetarian tasting menu. They were SOOO right!The waitress was super nice, and after we told her that we had just gotten engaged she brought us the champagne list. Obviously. My parents ordered champagne and we had a toast. After we finished the bottle, our waitress brought us the label on a card in a little Michael Mina envelope. We thought that was such a special, thoughtful touch... definitely going in the wedding scrapbook. OK, now onto the food. We all ordered the tasting menu--everyone else ordered the regular, and I got the vegetarian. To start it was the heirloom beet salad with burrata cheese. A very small plate but a great starter. Next it was the best course--the fennel tortellini. SO amazing, made with fennel and citrus brown butter. Next was the Japanese tasting, with rice, crispy tofu, glazed baby bok choy. Ohhhh boy do I love me some Japanese food. Especially tofu done RIGHT. Overall I loved the menu--perfect portion sizes, wonderful flavors. I was also just generally giddy because of the engagement PLUS the vegetarian tasting menu. On a weekend vacation in Vegas with my family and fiance. Pretty much all my dreams in one. For dessert, they brought out the tasting desserts. Apple cider, brownie, and chocolate bon bons. But the best part of all was the mini root beer floats with sassafrass ice cream. YUM! and so fun. Tasting menus are always fun because you can try so many things without getting completely stuffed. All in all, loved the food, the service, and the ambiance. A truly wonderful restaurant for a special night. Plus, it is close to "O" if you are going to that show, which is absolutely mind-blowing. Thanks to Michael Mina for making a special night even better :)
5	Great dining experience. Tuna Tartar wasn't my favorite but the custom ice cream at the end made up for it.
4	Great dinner.  Had the Chef's Tasting Menu, which was 4 courses.Appetizer: Choice of Tuna Tartare or Caviar. I went with the Tuna Tartar.  Well presented...just ok.2 Entrees:  Lobster Pot Pie and Wagyu BeefThe Wagyu was AMAZING and definitely my favorite.Dessert: 5 items - brioche cake, chocolate chip cookies, orange creamscicle, wafer filled with vanilla creme and a chocolate covered mint bite.  I could probably describe each dessert better, but I'd rather focus my time on the orange creamscicle, which I thought was HEAVENLY.  It was basically orange soda and vanilla bean ice cream but it was a great dessert.If I could have just had the Wagyu and Orange Creamscicle, I would have been beyond content.  I was tempted to ask for a second serving of both. -_-Service was great in all aspects.  The maitre d was very accomodating to us given that we had 2 small children in the party and a large stroller.  And our server was very attentive and friendly.
3	I had the tasting menu here on my birthday. We came towards the end of the dinner rush and felt ignored by the waiter until other diners had finished and left. Once we did get his attention, he was great!The ahi tartare had a beautiful presentation as well as an interesting preparation, as it is "scrambled" table side by the wait staff. Taste wise, it was simple and clean but nothing really phenomenal. The lobster pot pie was delectable, with it's robust chunks of lobster poached in butter and topped with a puff pastry. However, it seems like any chef could put those ingredients together to be something tasty, and thus did not stand out. The one thing I really enjoyed was the dessert, which was a myriad of miniature takes on american classic desserts like root beer float and brownies. It was a good meal, but not stupendous, perhaps outshined by the fact that I had spent my last birthday at a private omakase by Chef Urasawa in Beverly Hills. I will not return and will opt to try one of the other numerous "celebrity chef" restaurants in the area.
5	SPECTACULAR! I'm honestly struggling to think if my wife and I have ever had a better dinner! I actually made our reservation via OpenTable and was amazed at the table they gave us. It was in a corner by the windows overlooking the pools and most certainly must have been one of the more intimate and private tables in the restaurant. Our servers were exceptionally attentive and personable. We both had the tasting menu with the optional wine pairing....as I said previously....SPECTACULAR! A culinary delight. I'm certain the food would have been exceptional on its own but when expertly paired with the appropriate glass of wine.....gastronomical heaven! It was actually quite fun to sip the wine on its own and then see how it changed with the dish. The food portions were actually quite large and the wine pours were also fairly generous. We have had tasting menu's before that left alot to be desired in regards to portion size. That was not at all a problem here. The dessert sampler was out of this world. We initially thought we were going to only choose one of the desserts but then they brought these huge samplers for each of us. The meal was paced very well....we certainly were not rushed but nor did we feel like we were sitting around and waiting between the courses.I'm on the verge of saying this was actually a bargain for what it was. We had a couple bottles of Pelligrino with dinner and each had a cappuccino following dinner. The bill was around $400 with the tip and they didn't even charge us for the cappuccino or one of the bottles of water. Not cheap by our standards but it was truly worth every penny. Yes, it was that good! I look forward to the next time we can get back to Michael Mina's!
5	Food and service excellence.  MM never disappoints us on our trips to Vegas.  The beet salad was extraordinary.  The foie gras exquisite.  The Ahi tuna steak cooked perfectly.  There is something to be said for a limited menu executed brilliantly and consistently well every time.
4	the restaurant invites the dining guests into a cozy and contemporary setting with dimmed lights and soft music to relax the senses. interior detail is impeccable down to the linen draped padded table top - nice touch mm. we had the chef's choice menu which included ahi tuna tartar, lobster pot pie, wagy ribeye steak, assortment of fun desserts and coffee for $90 per person. food quality and presentation is as expected among the popular celebrity chefs in the vegas area with mm reputation standing out a bit higher than the rest of the bunch. our server was especially gracious and attentive which bolstered our excellent gastronomic experience at mm. definitely will return next time in vegas.
2	It pains me to give it 2 stars but sitting through that entire meal pained me more.Much to my chagrin and shock,  you would think that there would be more thought and care put behind  this restaurant compared to his other restaurants because Oh I don't know - it's named after him!Most of the meal was thoroughly not enjoyed.  We were trying to figure out what was the favorite but sadly, there wasn't.  It was merely picking which didn't suck the most.Amuse bouche - the only thing enjoyed - caviar and potatoes served with a shot of belvedere vodkaTuna TartareThree Seas - bad tuna, rubbery scallops, and edible sea bass served with 2 TEASPOONs of rice.Mary's Chicken - pink.Veal - just don't. Chef Dessert Tasting Menu - the only thing enjoyed from this sampler was the tiny chocolate chip cookies. Banana Tarte Tatin - this deserves a wtf.  Horrible.Candy bar - slightly above average.Peach Melba - warm vanilla cake not so much, more along the lines of a crunchy toasted warm muffin bread.Utter waste of what SHOULD have been an extraordinary meal.
4	This place never disappoints. Celebrated my birthday here over the weekend and the food was flawless as usual.  Sweet corn soup, ahi tuna, filet, sole and candy bar for dessert all for $65 - pre theatre prix fixe special.  Will definitely be back!
5	For Hubby's birthday, we were going to do a little restaurant hopping, where we hit different restaurants, share a plate and have a drink, then move to the next one. Since today was special, we decided to start at Michael Mina's in the Bellagio for Caviar and Champagne. We had tried this at another place 2 days before and had such a let-down, I knew we had to go here and try it again.We sat at the beautiful counter around 6pm and the Manager proceeded to tell us about the different caviars they had and how they came - either with traditional garnishes or in a parfait that they said was their signature preparation. We had to have the traditional garnishes and decided to celebrate in style with a full ounce of Iranian Caviar and 2 glasses of Perrier Jouet. The service was impeccable and the setting was amazing. We were headed to see Ka otherwise we would have stayed quite a bit longer and eaten more but we'll have to save that for our next visit. And there will be a next visit. The staff has impeccable manners, the food and ambiance is amazing so I'm really looking forward to coming back!
4	If only we can live (eat) like this every day.  We came to Michael Mina Las Vegas for a dear friend's birthday celebration.  While I've never been to a Michael Mina restaurant, I've know of his reputation as a top chef for many years.  The dinner did not disappoint.  We had the pre-theatre pre-fix dinner priced at $65/person w/out wine.  The food was elegant and delicious.  While the portions were controlled, after the three course I found myself very satisfied (but not stuffed).I started with the Maine lobster tortellini and it was good.Followed up with the Filet of Beef - (cooked perfectly) with Roasted fingerling potato, morbier cheese, sylvetta.Top that off with his root beer float with Warm Chocolate chip and nut cookies...  mmmmThe best dish of the night for me was my wife's order of Phyllo Crusted Sole wtih Crab Brandade, Horseradish-Mascarpone, Sauce Dijon....  really perfectly cooked piece of fish (fried).  Mascarpone on top to give it the creaminess and the Dijon and Horseradish give it the bite to cut through the richness....  totally awesome.They charged our party a $50/bottle corkage fee and a limit of two bottle.  VERY EXCESSIVE IN MY OPINON.  if not for this penalty, I'd give Michael Mina a five star rating.
3	Great fois GRAS dish.  Wonderful caviar.  The waitor was very friendly and tentative.  I've been to micheal Mina in SF, this one is not as good though.  My husband ordered the steak, which was excellent.  I ordered the lobster, and its just bland.The only complaint was that it's overpriced.  For a piece of 6-8oz of steak, it was $75!  If you want to try this restaurant just to know about micheal Mina then you should make a trip here once, but I would not come back.  Not because it's that bad, but I want to try others that Vegas has to offer.The peach pana cota was to die for
5	Delicious burger, lobster pot pie....excellent service. the best of all they let me in wearing hello kitty flip flops! Lol
4	A really good friend took me here for my birthday dinner as I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time! I am so spoiled!The restaurant was quiet at around 7PM when we walked in for our reservations. We both opted for the Tasting Menu.- Tuna Tartare had a great presentation to it with a delicate quail egg on top of the tartare and the ancho chile powder, pine nuts, and mint ingredients separated on the dish with drizzles of sesame oil all around. The servers then would mix it all together.  GREAT dish. All the flavors melded together and you can really taste the freshness of the herb. Definitely one of the best parts of the meal.- Lobster Pot Pie that everyone raves about. This was VERY very good, but also VERY very rich. The smaller portion that comes with the tasting menu was just perfect. Any more, and I think I would drown in a food coma and any less would be a big fat disappointment. I love that large pieces of lobster they had in here with vegetables such as potato, carrots, and even green bean! SO good!-Wagyu Ribeye was a good portion size considering I have a small stomach and I ate a lot already! It was tender enough, cooked well, and had good seasoning.-Dessert: OMG, what a beautiful presentation and a smorgashboard of goodies!! It was like a mini version of Willie Wonka's dessert plate if he were to have one!. There was an orange Verbena soda float with a small scoop of vanilla bean gelato in it, very warm chocolate chip and nut cookies, vanilla brioche topped with a raspberry sorbetto, cheesecake, brown sugar wafer filled with a nice cream, and a chocolate bon bon to roll in some nuts.A great meal topped with two glasses of Reisling and a Cabernet. The only thing they didn't do was my friend told our waiter we were here to celebrate a birthday and they didn't do anything extra... oh well.
4	The place is nice and classic depending on the night of crowd to determine noise level. It's inside Bellagio so no fountain view but beautifully light courtyard pool view by the window. The food is great based on comfort American style dishes with generous portion. Our server is friendly although needs further training to help the restaurant to obtain another Michelin star.
5	You have to get one thing......the WHOLE ROASTED FOIE GRAS for two.That's 1.5 lbs of foie gras carved table-side.  That and a bottle of Veuve Clicquot makes any night.
4	maybe i had high expectations, but i thought micheal mina was just really really good.  not great, but def really good.  the service gets 5 stars!  our waiter was amazing, helped recommend some appetizers and remember my name from my reservation.  the food, i would give 3.5-4:drinks: my first drink was a guiness + champagne cocktail.  it honestly just tasted like champagne.  if it werent for the dark coloring, i would never have guessed there was any guiness in it.i had a glass of malbec with my dinner.  it was quite tasty and had a little bite to it, which i love.food:beet salad - GET THIS!  this was the BEST thing i ate all night.  it's several kinds of beets, red, light red, white + this amazing cheese.  i forgot the name of the cheese, but the waiter explained that it's similar to fresh mozz and it is delicious!!of course, i had to order the famous lobster pot pie.  i was surprised that it is an ENTIRE LOBSTER!  i thought it was going to be just bits and pieces of lobster in the pot pie, but no - it is an entire lobster cut up w/shell.  they serve the dish table side and you watch as they cut the top of the pot pie off and put it on a plate.  then they assemble the lobster over the pie crust and pour the sauce w/spinach and shallots over the whole thing.  i would have preferred if it was served in a bowl versus a plate.  the sauce is pretty rich and creamy, but i was already expecting to ingest a million calories that night.  the lobster was delectable.  although the dish was really yummy, it was not what i was expecting.  i just would have preferred to have lobster meat in an actual pot pie set up.  the crust was thin and not flakey at all.  if i return, i probably would not order this dish again, unless i was in the mood for lobster.overall, this is a nice fine dining establishment, but i'd be interested in trying some of the other bellagio restaurants in the future.
5	I am going to take some time to write this review down because I promised the server I would. (I actually need to get his name... I forgot and was rushing to get home from LV).Starting out with some fruity champagne was excellent. Another dinner at a business trip and it was AMAZING and our server was the best one there. He knew everything on the menu, what foods were good and what it tasted like, what wine goes well with each food and how to describe each texture of the food on the plate itself. I decided to go with the tasting menu and here is what I had. I actually had to catch a flight that night so they paid extra attention to get my food out faster while still making it taste wonderful.First plate was the Tuna Tartare; presentation was beautiful.The quail egg on top of the tartare with chile powder and pine nuts and oil. Our server mixed up the food for us and it was one of the best plates. We could taste the spices and the tuna was goooood with the bread pieces on the side.Second plate is the lobster pot pie. To me, the tasting menu portion is perfect because the soup inside is delicious and there is actual pieces of lobster that you can taste. But anymore of the dense soup inside the pie, I probably would have gotten tired of it.  There were some carrots and potato BUT hands down best pie I ever had. Third plate was the wagyu ribeye. This was mediocre because the meat was fairly seasoned... although it was cooked perfectly to my taste it was not anything special to my taste buds.Last plate was the dessert and it was crazyyyyyyyy goood. There was gelato in with some orange soda, a delicious cookie and vanilla brioche with raspberry sorbetto, brown wafer with cream and he even gave me a refresher soda with some grapefruit pieces. AHHH!!Awesome customer service, waiter was awesome, great food, and I was able to get to my flight on time. I am definitely coming here again, but not sure if SF will top the service that LV provided for me.
4	Wonderful seafood. The lobster pot pie is a must!
2	Came here expecting a fine dining experience but ended up being very underwhelmed.  We both ordered from the pre-theater menu; in addition, I ordered the wine pairing.  The wine pairing was a big mistake... I'm not a wine snob, but i actually had to request a different glass be brought out since one of the glasses of wine had a funky smell to it.  The quality of wine pairing was mediocre at best.Overall the food was just ok.  I had salad for appetizer, filet for entree, and root beer float for dessert.  Everything was reasonable but nothing stood out.  Well, the cookies that came with the float were pretty good.  But that's not really what I came here for.I think the biggest disappointment was that our server didn't seem very experienced.  He couldn't really describe the dishes that well and ended every description with "It's really good".It just didn't live up to my expectations having dined at Bellagio before (Aqua) and having a fantastic meal.
3	This might be the most priciest Friggin meal ....^That was my tip when I checked into this place three months ago.Reflecting back on this experience, I have to say, I wasn't very impressed. Now look, I'm not saying this just to one-up anybody or anything. This is how it truly was to me, although my friend's palettes may differ. Our group ordered the prix fix menu. Nothing on it stood out to me. What I remember from the dish was the tater-tots which complemented the main piece was too overpowering, and the filet mignon just didn't have the taste this particular meat normally has. The dish we unanimously enjoyed was the foie gras...they literally gave us about five pounds of it. I've never seen so much of this ingredient in one place than I did here!If you're looking into an experience of fine dining and impeccable service; come here. If you're looking for tasty food and value, don't come here.
1	I'm not here to review the food. It was excellent, however the service was atrocious. I have been to Michael Mina in San Francisco and would rate it 4/5 stars. Every time I've been, the staff has been extremely friendly and attentive. In Las Vegas, I found just the opposite. We waited 45 minutes before our waiter even took our appetizer order! He didn't check on our table during the meal and even made me feel uncomfortable because he was so cold. My colleague and I were entertaining clients and I was mortified.
5	AAh-mazing!The service is fantastic, they put your napkin in your lap and check on you through out the meal.  The ice for my diet coke was huge and perfectly rectangular, it was really impressive.  The starting bread was not that great but I wanted to save room anyway.  We got the lobster tortilli which was good.  It had a lemon twist to it.  The serving size is small but packed with flavor.  We also got the squash soup with brandy gelatin cubes and chorizo sticks...AMAZING! the flavor get better the longer its in your mouth.  The serving size is actually pretty big considering.  I got the Lobster pot pie and I heard about 15 other ppl order it too.  It was amazing like everyone says, rich but good.  You could definately share it, it was about $75.00.  My man got the Salmon whcih was so freah and cleansed your mouth.  I am not a salmon person but I was impressed.  We then got the vanilla cheesecake which melts in your mouth....by far one of the best meals of my life.  We left feeling full but not disgusting.  We also LOVED the capital grill...so thats my taste for comparision.
5	Chef's Tasting Menu = EPIC.  That is all you need to know.
4	I was actually not expecting too much when I originally came here for Xmas dinner 2012, but to my surprise, the food and evening was actually splendid. Service was nice and on point, not intrusive, etc. The evening started with the caviar parfait which was a very nice way to get the palate going. Following that, the tuna tartare was decent but not spectacular. The lobster pot pie and the main courses, filo crusted cod and duck, had a fantastic blends of flavor and textures. I'm not sure what Mina was thinking with the foie gras rice side dish though. To me, the black rice used pretty much destroys the flavor of the foie mousse that is stirred in. I was actually hoping for more of a foie risotto like thing when I saw this dish on the menu.Dessert of Root Beer float is classic Mina, so that was enjoyable. I have to say the pumpkin tart left a bit to be desired.
4	We were suppose to have dinner he pre-theater menu but they said we should have been there from 6:30p even though when we called for reservations we were told just show up with our tickets. We ask to speak to the manager which I think is actually  the maitre d, who said there's nothing he could do. So we ordered from the main menu. Well what I thought would be a bad experience turned turned out good based on the service the waiter gave us. We had ordered a bottle of wine and when it was finished he asked if we wanted to order another, we said no but her showed up with a bottle of red wine and said it was on him. He then made sure we each got desert when we only ordered two and apologize for us not getting to order from the pre-theater menu. Lobster pot pie = 5/5kabocha squash soup = 3/5triple desert dish = 4/5 (root beer float is the best)Greg thanks for making our dinner a great one!!!
3	We came to Michael Mina's to celebrate my husbands birthday.  We originally made a 6:30pm reservation on a Saturday night but had to push the time later on to 8:30pm.  The restaurant was kind enough to accommodate a later time for us.  The server who took care of us was extremely friendly and highly experienced at serving on a timely manner.   I have no complaints when it comes to their superb service and food quality.  I was hoping that this would turn out to be a 5 star dining experience but after reviewing the tasting menu, all six of us were not at all excited to try it.  We had no other choice but to opt for the Porterhouse for two people.  If I thought that everyone would end up ordering steak, I would've suggested going to an actual steakhouse.  Reluctantly we all got the steak and hoped for the best.   We also ordered the Foie Grais appetizer along with Lobster Ravioli.  Both were super delicious and I strongly recommend starting off your dinner with those two appetizers.   We also ordered the foie grais fried rice to go with our steak.  I can eat this everyday!  Highly recommended and must order dish!  The bread basket had an assortment of both slightly sweet and savory breads.  They were mediocre and no one really enjoyed the bread basket.  We expected better tasting bread.  The steak came with a variety of vegetables on the side.  The servers would cut about three pieces and serve it on your plate.  The rest were sitting inside an oval pan.  We were super hungry and everyone was in a rush to eat their meal.  I like my porterhouse steak from Mastro's compared to Michael mina's.  If the tasting menu had better choices, I would've ordered that instead.  Afterall, I was looking forward to trying the tasting menu.  Ordering steak was never on my mind prior to looking at the menu.  Even the other a la carte options didn't sound all that great.   Maybe in the future I'll give this place another try. What we LOVED about this place was their famous Root beer float with cookie dessert.   I really don't like root beer but the pastry chef here really did a great job creating this masterpiece!  Both the drink and the cookies were just melt in your mouth yumminess!   They brought out this cute little dessert with a candle for the birthday boy!  it was a  chocolate peanut butter candy bar with broken up nuggets of peanut butter sugar candies.  Quite interesting and great tasting! Overall I had a 3.5 star experience!
3	3.5 Stars$210.+ plus tipMaine Lobster Tortellini -- delectableTruffle Rissotto (PERFECT)Porterhouse for 2 - great - but it took us 20 minutes to receive it after the appetizers. They actually gave us  "on the house-  beef cheek and fingerling potato sides with it) We did not complain or anything.. but I guess they KNOW when these things happen. I love that.Brussel Sprouts (It was chopped up in small pieces - it was too watery)Overall experience was good. The servers were on point.
5	One of my top ten all time best meals! I have been to both the Michael Mina in San Francisco and Arcadia in  San Jose and the Vegas Michael Mina blew both of those experiences out of the water. We went the week after Christmas so we may have been lucky in our table and waitstaff who weren't too busy but we left our meal feeling well taken care of and perfectly satiated. The standouts for the meal were the foie gras pb and j, truffle risotto, and lobster pot pie. The wine list presented on an ipad by a very knowledgeable sommelier was seemingly endless and we were sadly too full for dessert. I love the Bellagio and this restaurant is one of the reasons a trip to Vegas must include fine dining.
5	We expected Michael Mina to be a high point in our Bellagio experience.  As it turned out it was, but not because of the food or service.Things began to get surly when I was delivered what was described as a Ribeye Steak - and upon delivery finding it cold, mealy and the portion shockingly small.  It had been at least 20 minutes since the starters had been delivered.  Delicious and piping hot were our Maine Lobster Tortellini Appetizers - served by a saucy and delightful waiter who shared a laugh with us.Then...stony silence.  Our eyes were constantly diverting to what we could see of the pass, wondering when our dinner was going to come.It did, dead on arrival - or at least my Rib Eye did.  This is a 'Rancher's Cut'?  There was probably 4 - 6 oz. of cut slices on the plate - and it was cold.  And..it was returned, and I instead opted for their signature Lobster Pot Pie, which is not to be missed.But, even that takes some time - and we waited, and waited (my wife's Crusted Sole was perfect, and I could imagine it poised in some microwave, waiting to be reheated)."Uh...can we see the manager".This is when things turned around.  This evening our restaurant experience was about to take a new direction.  Doug, the manager, was cool, efficient, friendly and sincere.  He apologized profusely, and backed up his apologies by making us feel that we were valuable to the restaurant, and that our experience was something he felt significant and important.The food came, and it was good.  Our conversation turned to how wonderful this guy Doug was, how he was an incredible representative for Michael Mina, and the Bellagio Hotel.  We were frankly blown away.Doug then went a step further and comp'd our desserts.  Something to be expected?  Sure, a comp'd dessert is always appreciated.  However what was not expected was Doug coming outside after we left Michael Mina, and before we were going to let him say anything, we told him how wonderful he was, and that he made our restaurant experience unique, memorable - and now we look forward to returning.
4	Once you get over the fact that this is Vegas and every restaurant is unique and the same, it comes down to the experience. Eating here is just like any formal four star establishment. Food was pretty damn good and prices are to be expected. There is no amazing view so while I rate this quite highly I would definitely not go here again when there are plenty of better options.
5	i can't say enough nice things about this place. it was great.
5	Perfection. Amazing service from Lee. The food runners gave excellent and poignant descriptions of the food. The bussers were attentive and polite. The ambiance, elegant and comfortable. I love this place. Now, on to the food...My wife and I chose the 5 course tasting menu for $115. What a deal! Everything was superb...just unreal! The stars of the show, however, were the truffle risotto with chestnut foam, and the beef cheek garnish that came with the "wagyu style" ribeye (on a side note: I don't like the term "Wagyu Style". It makes you think that you're getting something close to Wagyu. And while delicious, the beef here was not even close). We also ordered a side of foie gras rice with our entrees which, while delectable, didn't really have much foie gras flavor. Since we were just married the night before. the pastry chef sent out a congratulatory "pre-dessert" which, for all intents and purposes, was a snickers bar...the best friggin snickers bar you could ever imagine! Then the actual dessert course came: a trio of seasonal offerings...passion fruit panna cotta, marscapone cheescake, and the ubiquitous Michael Mina root beer float with sassafras ice cream and IBC root beer. Nuff said.Perfect service, nearly perfect food, and a beautiful ambiance. Love this place.
5	What can you say badly about a place that offers to charge your smartphone while you eat?We try to visit Minas every time we visit Vegas. the food is fantastic. The tasting menu  - while getting long in tooth - is excellent value and gives a decent overview.  But go beyond tht menu for the really great choices. The wine list is comprehensive and the sommelier is a breath of fresh air -  non-condescending and full of trivia.
4	Michael Mina...what a treat that was.  I was at a conference in Las Vegas and visited Michael Mina for the very first time.  Appetizer - We started off with a seafood platter, which included things like crab, lobster, ceviche, raw oysters, and prawn.  Everything on that plate was beyond fresh and delicious.  The crab was SWEET and I'm not usually an oyster fan but this oyster was delicious.  Main - My main was the lobster pot pie, apparently a signature favourite.  And I can definitely see why!  The lobster pot pie is a pastry filled with a whole lobster, vegetables, and a creamy sauce to compliment it.  They bring out the pie in front of you and slice the top of the pie (shell) and use it as a base on your plate.  Then they delicately arrange the pieces of lobster and vegetables on your plate.  At the end, it is absolutely beautiful and I can see someone has already posted a photo of it on Yelp.  It tasted as beautiful as it looked.  My friend had a the filet steak cooked to medium rare and that was also very juicy, tender, and delicious as well.  I was way too full for dessert by the end but I did order a Blue Lagoon drink at the beginning.  They went out of their way to find the recipe for the drink.  It was a great drink but unfortunately, I wasn't feeling very well that night (recovering from a flu/cold) so I barely touched the drink.  Overall, I felt their service was great.  The food took a little longer than I wanted for it to come - there were a table of 10-11 of us that night so I'm not sure if they just wanted everything to come together or what the story was.  Food was stunning.  If I am ever in Vegas, this place is definitely a place to return to!
4	Wow, one of the best meals I've had in a long time. There's a lot of places that I've paid more for and were disappointed, but Michael Mina you make me want to try all your other restaurants! We opted for the tasting menu, a wise choice indeed. For $98 you get an appetizer, two small entrees, and dessert. The appetizer was tuna tartare which our server tossed for us at our table, that was a nice touch. Most notable were the mini lobster pot pie (which I know costs like $65 at Arcardia so I had to get it here) and the Waygu which was cooked perfectly. Bonus points for preparing steak properly! The mini lobster pot pie was rich and creamy and they didn't go skimpy on the lobster chucks either. The highlight of our meal was dessert, never have I seen a dessert sampler quite like that before! Quite the presentation and it came with a little of everything from gelato, to cookies, cheesecake, a soda float and more! I highly recommend dining here. A lot of places in Vegas are overrated, pretentious, and expensive.
2	I can start off by saying "disappointed". The initial impression of the restaurant was nice inside of the Bellagio Gardens, atmosphere was also nice to go along with the decor. The host was professional and customer oriented and so was the bartender. Table cloth was nice, clean and ironed; silverware had a nice weight to it and was clean; the glasses were spotless. Past that it came down to the wait-staff and thats were it fell apart. The amount of time that we had to wait for ordering, clearing our table, dessert and the check was long enough to make me yawn. Our plates were left of the table long enough for all four people to finish eating and then some more time before coming to clear the table. The waiter never officially introduced himself; I can say at least the greens salad was good along with the bread and butter. I had the NY Sirloin which at $78 I was expecting to be exceptional and it turned out to be just Ok at best. Lets not forget the continued wait while all this is going on. The cheesecake for dessert was good but that took 12min along with the sorbet just to be brought to the table. At these types of restaurants that have been awarded a Michelin Star this type of service and wait times I do not accept.
5	They have an alltogether very expensive feel to it. I'd say the experience is wonderful overall when you come to this restaurant. They earned the 5 stars fully and have a seperate vegetarian menu that had some interesting options, not a boring old "steamed veggies" type menu. I had a cocktail here that was also well prepared and tasty. The flavors of the fennel tortellini were very unique and the citrus brown butter sauce was balanced so that no single flavor screamed "I'm taking over you're mouth!" I reall enjoyed it but was unfortunately too full for dessert. Next time I will have to try to stop myself.
4	Just like at all Michael Mina restaurants, the tasting menu and wine pairings were amazing.  It's like a symphony of food rising until the end and then desert as the perfect finish.  However, having eaten at the Michael Mina in SF and having eaten here, I have to say the service at the SF location was far superior.  That's not to say it wasn't good here.  But it seemed like the staff at the SF location had just the right amount of attention - they noticed when we enjoyed a specific wine pairing more than others and made sure to offer a second glass.  Then the waiter, seeing that we were about ready to leave, actually went out and flagged a cab down for us and held it until we were all ready to walk out the door.  Similar service has happened in SF each of the 4 times I've been.This experience is what made me fall in love with the Michael Mina group of restaurants.However, it seemed like the staff at the location in Las Vegas, just weren't up to that level.  We waited a good 10+ minutes before seeing someone.  Our table (even though we had a reservation, was not ready upon arrival at the right time, and I had to flag over the waiter a few times to get either more water or a bit more wine.If the food was anything less than perfect I would have problem given 2-3 due to this service issue, but again, in my opinion, the food is the best I've ever had.
5	After reading some of other peoples reviews, I am a bit surprised at someone who said the food was bland or who thought that the lobster pot pie is terrible. Lobster is my single most favorite food and the lobster pot pie is one of my favorites there. Service is expected from a Michael Minas, very good and they do their job in making you feel special. Be prepared to spend money because that is the kind of restuarant you are going to but if you are a foodie, you will be happy with your experience and food. I haven't had one thing there I didn't enjoy eating and they provide modern twists to dishes also which I appreciate. mmm getting hungry thinking about it!
3	Our 1st trip to Vegas, with fine dining key on our list, we made a res at Michael Mina.  Was a disappointment, food was good but not excellent, and service was well below average.  When asked if we had somewhere to be next, we said no, but felt highly rushed nonetheless.  Dishes came out so quickly, but couldn't get our waiter's attention for cocktails.  The fluke crudo was good, lobster pot pie was good (tho guessing execution could vary).  Have to say, if you're MP is always $85 for the lobster pot pie, just put the price on the menu.  Felt like this place is trying to play in a league it's not able to deliver in.  Good meal, but not at that price point.  Mediocre atmosphere, nothing special.
3	I've got to say, I was really looking forward to Michael Mina @ Bellagio.. I've eaten at a number of his restaurants, most frequently Arcadia in San Jose... the best was Michael Mina in San Francisco.MM in Bellagio was an utter disappointment.  The service was good, but not great, the food... wasn't anywhere near the top notch quality I was expecting.We did the tasting menu, many of the courses were items I had before at Arcadia in San Jose... (Lobster pot pie, ahi tartare, rootbeer float).  The worst course was the SRF Wagyu.. overcooked and the way the medallion was cut emphasized that it was dry and chewy, not rich and flavorful...On the plus side, the Truffle Risotto was indeed very good.  In any case, the whole experience was below my expectations and I would not suggest anyone (even fans of Michael Mina's normally great restaurants) eat here.
4	great food.  had the tasting menu.  timing  of the courses was a bit off....one of our friends had an entree and waited till our 4th course to have his meal.  otherwise, great service and ambience.
4	We had a positive experience at Michael Mina. We were looking for a good place that had great food and atmosphere and Michaels was the perfect find. The service was excellent and the food was great. Thank you.
5	I was looking for a place for a nice christmas dinner since my folks were in town, a friend suggested Michael Mina, and it was great. I gotta say the staff is extremely friendly and are always there to help. The food is also great, the lobster pot pie is a must try, it's amazing!
5	Go there at 6pm or before to the the Pre-Theatre prix fixe menu for about half the price of the normal prix fixe.
5	This is one of my favorite place to eat in vegas there staff are great!one of te best food I had in vegas, lobster is buttery and they are very generous with the foie....
2	Was sooooooooo excited to eat her on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  I had read all the review on Yelp, researched all the best restaurants, and settled on Michael Mina (I really wanted Picasso, but our $100 Food & Beverage Credit wouldn't work there).When we sat down at 7:15, we told our waiter (who looked like Voldemort and was kinda creepy) that we needed to leave by 8:45 because we had tickets to see LOVE at the Mirage.  He said it wouldn't be a problem so we chose to order from the Tasting Menu.  Long story short, at 8:32 we still hadn't received our last course and dessert.  We had to remind the waiter several times to speed up our food.  I know tasting menus take a longer time to eat than your average meal, but we wouldn't have ordered from that menu if he hadn't told us it would be fine.I've eaten at some fantastic restaurants in Vegas, San Francisco, New Orleans, and other places over the year and the food here was just OK.  It was good, but not mouth-watering Oh. My. God. good.  One thing that wasn't made clear to us was that if you order the caviar, it would be an extra $28.  But it was worth it because the caviar first course was probably the best course of the meal.  I was really looking forward to the lobster pot pie, but it was very bland.  The ahi was good, but the one I get at my favorite local restaurant in Pacifica for half the price is just as good.I asked for a window seat, so they put us in this small room near the bathroom.  It was cold and uninviting.  The waiter brought out an iPad for us to look at beverages, but the regular menu was printed.  Don't know what they were going for there.Overall, I was really disappointed with our experience.  The food was good, but the service was horrible.  I'd recommend going to other restaurants in Vegas instead.
5	Did the tasting menu. Ahi Tuna Tartare (ancho chili, pine nuts, sesame oil, and chiffonade of mint), Risotto (cuttlefish, manila clam and shellfish nage), Diver Scallop (baby leek, olive oil potato with herbs, and oyster butter), Snake River Farms American Wagyu (ribeye, braised beef cheek, root vegetables and sylvetta), Red Velvet Genoise (strawberry, hibiscus and rooibos), Michael's Rootbeer Float with sassafrass ice cream, Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies, Passion Fruit Panna Cotta and Coconut Chantilly.From top to bottom, nothing disappointed. It was all good, and mostly outstanding. The winner for the evening was the Diver Scallop. If all scallops were prepared this way, I'd actually enjoy, and more importantly, ORDER scallops. The baby leek was amazing. Fantastic service, impeccable timing, and a delicious meal all-around.
5	My follow up visit to Michael Mina came after a conversation with the Manager at the restaurant. Customer service is key and he was keen on understanding what went wrong on the first visit so he could correct the situation. The second time around it was how I had hoped the first time. Service was just absolutely excellent; each member of the staff was professional and detailed in explaining the menu items along with the selected wines. The presentation was as good as the food tasted. My girlfriend took on the seafood dishes while I handled the meat dishes. Each was just exquisite in their preparation and taste while cooked to our liking accurately. Service on the table was prompt and not over bearing. The deserts were just flavor packed; even the small chocolate chip cookie that was served with the root beer was warm out of the oven. The passion fruit desert was like biting into a delicious fresh passion fruit. I have to say Manager and the restaurant has earned a third visit from me and I will look forward to that day.
4	I went with a group of friends on a Friday night, Memorial Day weekend. Surprisingly enough, the restaurant was nowhere near capacity. Whenever that happens, I instinctively think that perhaps the food will not be as good as advertised. Thankfully that was not the case with Michael Mina. One of my friends ordered the tasting menu while the rest of us ordered a la carte. Tip: if you want to try the the lobster pot pie ($85) you might as well order the five-course tasting menu ($115).I ordered the following:- Fluke crudo - The yuzu dressing and hearts of palm blended wonderfully with the fluke. I only wish that they gave you more than 5 pieces!- Diver scallops - The scallops were tender and flavorful, but the best part of this dish was actually the two oysters. They were creamy and delicious and sat in a butter sauce that complemented the scallops nicely.- Passion fruit panna cotta - The panna cotta was a bit of a letdown. It was too sweet for my tastes.I also tried some of my friend's tuna tartare, which was mixed with quail egg. It was delicious! I was impressed with the service. Everyone was incredibly friendly and attentive - the sommelier even came over to describe the landscape of the vineyard we had ordered a bottle of riesling from in elaborate detail. The waiter was also able to gracefully satisfy my friend's request for a drink that was "manly, but pink in color" with a dark pink bourbon drink.
4	Although I'm a San Francisco native, I've never tried Michael Mina's famous Lobster Pot Pie. I had dinner here in Vegas with my friends on Saturday night. We shared the Whole Roasted Foie Gras, and I had the Maine Lobster Pot Pie as my entree. Now that Foie Gras is banned in CA, I was excited to eat it in Vegas. Foie Gras is always good, and it's no different here. There was a nice sear on the outside, and the inside was very rich and soft. What I really enjoy about Foie Gras is how the livery metallic flavor balances with its fatty richness. The way it was served was pretty typical of fine dining. Cherries and kumquats flanked the plate to add some sweetness and acidity. Besides having the entire lobe carved tableside, the preparation was nothing innovative or inspiring, but it was still flavorful and tasty. In my opinion, Foie Gras is perfectly fine by itself. All it needs is basic seasoning and a nice sear. I can see why people rave about the Maine Lobster Pot Pie; it's really good! The sauce was very creamy, rich, and infused with a lot of lobster flavor. I was very glad to see that they keep the lobster shell when they cook it. I'm sure part of the reason why the sauce was so flavorful is because of the shell. I appreciated that the dish was very focused on the succulent lobster flavor. All the ingredients were there to put the lobster flavor at the forefront which made it bold and awesome. The only thing I can complain about is that the lobster was overcooked. That's understandable as lobster is so easy to overcook especially when you have to bake a pot pie. If I were to make this dish, I would separate the meat from the shell, and keep the shell in the pot when it's baking. The meat could then be cooked separately and added in the end, so the sauce would still get the lobster flavor from the shell while the meat won't get overcooked. After my meal at Michael Mina in Vegas, I feel like I should try the San Francisco location especially now that Ron Siegel is there.
5	Amazing meal here!
5	Try their tasting menu! If you love wine, get it with the wine tasting. They give you a ton of wine so be prepared!
5	It's hard to miss when you're dining in establishments like the Bellagio, and Michael Mina's restaurant was no exception. So when I was tasked with finding a place for a dinner with family friends, Michael Mina's seemed like a perfect choice.We all ended up going with the 5-course tasting menu and I don't think we could've left happier. The tuna tartare is one of those over served dishes that you see on so many menus these days, but I'd be happy to just scoop up spoonful after spoonful of Michael Mina's version. Extremely fresh, with a nice little kick of heat, mixed at the table. As I write this review during my lunch break, I could use a plate of it right now. The other standout would have to be the lobster pot pie. I mean...just look at the name of that dish, how could it be anything but delicious?Sure, the meal will but a dent in your wallet. But you're walking into a top-end restaurant in a top-end Vegas hotel...you already know what you're getting into. That being said, the meal was great from start to finish. And if there had to be a reason I wouldn't go back, it would simply be because Vegas just offers too many great dining options. But even among those plethora of choices, Michael Mina's holds its own.
3	Let me start by saying it saddens me to give this Michael Mina restaurant only three stars. I have been there many times, and on every other visit I would have given five stars...however, after eating there last night I think this restaurant has started to go downhill a bit.We had the tasting menu because (in my opinion) it includes the best of the menu: the caviar parfait, lobster pot pie (to be honest, the large lobster pot pie on the menu is so heavy and so much to finish, I actually prefer the smaller version on the tasting menu), and delicious wagyu. We chose to add seared foie to our steak since there is no foie elsewhere on the tasting menu. I highly recommend doing that!! There is also a huge foie gras you can order from the menu - but beware, it is enough for at least 5-8 people, so don't order with just a few people!The food: The caviar parfait was not nearly as good as I remember from prior visits. Completely loaded with creme fraiche (as opposed to more salmon and much less creme fraiche previously) - a shame to drown it like that. The lobster pot pie is a stand out - a full tail and claw in delicious sauce. I even loved the butter-seared scallop, which is not one of my favorite foods normally. The steak is the best course - absolutely melt-in-mouth delicious.The service: Our waiter was nice, but sadly, just not the caliber you should expect from a Michelin-starred restaurant. He did not check back in with us mid-course even once during our meal, only coming by to deliver our next course or our next wine (and sometimes he did not even do those things). Before we ordered and began our wine pairing, we wanted to start with a wine or champagne. As we began asking questions about the wine list, it was clear he had no idea what he was talking about and instead of going to get the sommelier, he literally said "Ummmmm" for a long time, and then just pointed at one. I asked him to please check with the sommelier before bringing the wine, but I'm not even sure he did that. We didn't see a sommelier even once during the meal.Ambiance: I love the open kitchen. Generally love the non-stuffy feel of this restaurant. However something happened that shocked us: someone came by with a huge camera asking if we wanted our photo taken! Turns out you can buy these photos later like you are on a cruise. We though it was hilarious, but pretty tacky. I think the old Mina management would be appalled...The food was, for the most part, still very good. But I don't think it deserves its Michelin Star anymore and the service certainly leaves a lot to be desired for a $600 meal...I never leave below a 20% tip, but doing so left a bad taste in my mouth this time.
5	OYSTERS!!!! Had 2 dozens at the table, I probably ate like 7... or 8.My bf ordered the appetizer which came with 4 bite-sized pieces. We shared this - I had the steak tartare topped with quail egg sitting on a... crispy something. OMG it was SO delicious. The egg yolk exploded and coated the chopped up beef so it was smooth and creamy....... yum.He also ordered the cauliflower soup, I got to try a little bit and it was so flavorful! Yum. My entree was the sole. It was super rich for a fish dish. It could use a little less richness LOL but that's probably cos I was already halfway full. But I finished it anyway. I finished it all. AND I ordered dessert lol.Dessert trio: root beer float with some cookies, mango/passionfruit panna cotta, and red velvet genoise. ALL GOOD!I went with 5 other people, and everyone demolished their food. Clean. Perfect serving size and delicious flavors all around :)
5	The present has no ribbonYour gift keeps on giving,What is this I'm feeling?If you wanna leave I'm ready at...MICHAEL MINA! - Daft Punk (get lucky)I've tried the tasting menu at his other seafood restaurant "American Fish" at the Aria and it was tasty. Also the host said this place was the clear cut choice at Bellagio so it was an easy decision to eat here. I wish we had time for the tasting menu here too that included the lobster pot pie and the tuna tartare that their known for. I ordered the diver sea scallops with baby leeks, olive oil potatoes, and oyster butter with a side of foie gras "forbidden" rice. They nicely expedited our order at my request and even so, this was cooked perfectly. Classic combination done right and they added an oyster out of the shell that made the dish look visually complete.Service was super on point and couldn't have been more helpful and accommodating. Will be back to try their tasting menu, which includes a smaller version of the lobster pot pie.
5	Well overdue review! Food, Service, Attentiveness, Detailed, Courteous..Anything you can think of....ON POINT!From the moment we walked in, service was impeccable.  It was a family trip so we had my baby nephew with us, and instead of them turning their noses r rolling their eyes at the matter,  they were so accommodating.  We usually wouldn't  think about bringing a baby to fine dining, but since this was a vacation, we couldn't put him with the bell boy. =) So needless to say, the whole time they made us feel comfortable and very welcome. So that fact alone really impressed us.  Our waiter was attentive and detail about the menu and had great recommendations,  but of course being me, I've already had my mind set on something.....And Two words...LOBSTER POTPIE! It was a great big portion and was so yummy and rich, I was happy and full for the rest of the night. the best part of it was the flaky, buttery and crisp crust...mmmmm, so good! But I also enjoyed the steak tar tare! Fresh, soft and melted in my mouth! It was delish! So overall I had a great experience and would definitely come back =)Oh! and my MUST recommendation is to bring a sweater!! THE AC inside was on so high, i had the sniffles after i left there, haha....
4	Restaurant Week Meal #4 (Dinner for $50.13*):Appetizer: Wagyu Short Rib Ravioli OR Market Greens OR Heirloom Tomato Soup OR Ahi Tuna Tartare* (for an additional $15)Entree: Filet of Beef OR Phyllo-Crusted Sole OR Mary's Chicken OR Lobster Pot Pie* (for an additional $37)Dessert: Michael's Root Beer Float OR Chocolate Candy BarI took my sister out for dinner and we got wagyu short rib ravioli, heirloom tomato soup, filet of beef, lobster pot pie, root beer float and chocolate candy bar.  Impressive service and interior.Wagyu Short Rib Ravioli:Ravioli with wagyu short rib with arugula on top with parmesan foam, natural jus and parsnip puree. The short rib was super tender as expected. I loved the parmesan foam and the arugula gave the dish some crunch and pepper-y taste. 4/5Heirloom Tomato Soup:Tomato soup with a side of toasted brioche with Maine lobster on top. If you think grilled cheese and tomato soup is a great combination, think again! 5/5Filet of Beef:Comes with fingerling potatoes, sylvetta, a small cube of braised beef and root veggies. My sister ordered filet cooked medium but it was closer to medium-well. Medium-rare would have been perfect. The filet still came out tender though. 4/5Lobster Pot Pie:Baby veggies including green beans, white beans, carrots; a whole lobster in truffle lobster cream.  The color and the type of veggies in this dish threw me off a bit and reminded me of a Filipino dish called kare-kare. Although this was good and is one of Michael Mina's signature dishes, it's not the best lobster pot pie I've had. 4/5Michael's Root Beer Float:Root beer float with a chocolate straw, and 2 freshly-baked chocolate chip and nut cookies.  The cookies were really good and warm. The root beer has sassafras. There was ice cream that got stuck in my chocolate straw - I tried to suck as hard as I can but no root beer was coming out so I had to gently blow air into the straw to unclog it. It worked. 4/5Chocolate Candy Bar:Peanut, chocolate and pretzels.  Similar to Take 5 chocolate bar sans caramel. A bit too sweet for my taste. 3.5/5Overall, it was a nice dinner.
5	6 stars. Only 5 stars are showing, but it's 6. Trust me. This review is based on our Restaurant Week dinner. I've given 5 stars to restaurants during this popular foodie week that's held twice a year. Michael Mina, without a doubt, exceeded all of them. Before our dinner night, I realized my boyfriend, who recently went through knee surgery, could not wear slacks due to the leg brace he's required to wear. When I informed Michael Mina, their response was "No problem, we understand." Not only were they completely understanding about his attire, but they didn't hide and seat us in the back by the kitchen. Yes, folks, usually restaurants like this will "dress" their room.Looking at Michael Mina's regular menu, you can immediately tell that the $50.13 RW prix-fix dinner price is an absolutely steal! The entree selections were the Phyllo-Crusted Sole or Beef of Filet. Each one alone was $55+ if ordered ala carte. I was also pleasantly surprised they added the Ahi Tuna Tartare and Lobster Pot Pie ($37 supplement) to the Restaurant Week menu! The Ahi Tuna is originally $26, yet they offered it as a $15 supplement. I spent more than I usually do at this dinner, but seeing the original prices, I thought it was one of the best RW deals I've seen.As far as the food, the Lobster Pot Pie, the Phyllo-Crusted Sole, and the Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies really shined. The Lobster Pot Pie was presented and deconstructed elegantly table side. If you read the other reviews, you already know both these entrees was pretty darn delicious. The Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies were served warm, gooey on the inside, crispy on the outside. So delicious. These cookies will be what I judge all future cookies against from now on. Service was near perfection. Really. There's many restaurants that give great service. However, there's something to be said that great timing, also. From every fresh glass of iced tea that was brought out, to the fresh table napkin that was replenished when we got up from our seat, doing all this at the precise right time without making you feel like they're hovering over you needs to be given a lot of credit. Our server, Sabin, could tell by our expression how full we were from our main course after it was cleared away. She asked if we wanted to sit and digest before she brought out our dessert course. No worries about turning over her table on a busy Saturday night, or rushing us out.  So, we sat, took our time, chatted, then let her know we were ready to tackle our sweets. We appreciated that. I'm so glad to have tried Michael Mina. Looking forward to the next time I can return...
5	Amazing service, amazing food...both equally comparable!Came for a couple of appetizers (must view pictures):Ahi Tuna Tartare: Ancho Chili, Sesame Oil, Pine Nuts, MintIt's a must order! The servers mix everything together for you, and the blended flavor is like nothing I've ever tasted before. Caviar ParfaitAnother must have!! Served with smoked salmon, creme fraiche. Nothing fishy about this stuff!Michael's Root Beer Float:Takes you right back to childhood.OFF the menu:The Popcorn & Squid Ink Chips.....WOWZA
5	Excellent service from the moment we walked in greeted by the GM Jorge Pagani.  The waitstaff led by Miguel was ever present but never intrusive.  The ambiance and decor of the restaurant was modern but comfortable.  The food was outstanding in its quality, presentation and originality.  The prices were as expected for the Bellagio but not crazy.  We enjoyed the experience so much we reserved again two weeks later to entertain clients.  Locals and visitors should definitely dine here.
5	The food was incredible , the service was great, even my server (jess) remember my sons b- day. Some restruants don't care as much as they do at Michael Mina maybe that why their still their 15yrs now and going , hats off to chef & crew for a fantastic evening!! My family will be back in Vegas next year
3	It was Restaurant Week in Vegas and we decided to give Michael Mina a try. We decided on these options from their prix fixe menu along with wine pairings, and, of course, the two of us shared.He ordered: Tomato Soup with Lobster, Filet of Beef, and Michael's Root Beer Float.The tomato soup was good, but not anything special. I have to admit that I didn't have enough of the beef to provide a fair opinion, and I don't like root beer so I'll leave that alone as well.I ordered: Wagyu Short Rib Ravioli, Phyllo-Crusted Sole, and the Candy Bar.I was expecting the Wagyu ravioli to be amazing (c'mon, short ribs), but it just tasted like what you'd think it tastes like. The sole was actually my favorite of the dishes because it was like butter. The downside was that the crust had a floury texture to it. Finally, the candy bar dessert was tasty, but a little too rich even for a chocolate lover.Unfortunately, I can't remember the names of the different wines we had, but they did pair them very well so kudos to the team for that. Overall, the food was average. Nothing was bad, but each dish just seemed to be missing its own spark. The staff was extremely friendly and attentive so our dinner experience as a whole was pleasant.
4	The meal we had here was unfortunately average but decent. They do a great job with presentation and the restaurant itself if beautiful with the abundance of wood they used for the interior. My wife and I enjoy food and would consider us borderline food snobs, therefore we have high standards when it comes to fine dining establishments. Just a few days before we tried Le Cirque and had a great meal. The taste was lacking in many dishes we had. We were a party of 4 and had a vegetarian with us who opted for the vegetarian tasting menu while the rest of us had the regular tasting menu. Most of his vegetarian dishes really lacked a good flavor and I think whoever created the menu should start over. Our first course, the ahi tuna could have used a little more spice and maybe some sesame oil to bring out the flavor more. My lobster pot pie had good flavor but the lobster was overcooked. The squid ink risotto really wasn't that flavorful. The scallops was tasty but could also use a little more flavor. The wagyu was good but could also use more seasoning and flavor. Out of all the tasting menus we have had this restaurant would be in the bottom 10%. The food would be very good compared to most other restaurants but in a city full of great restaurants it really needs to step up its game.
3	Really great food with really poor service.We waited 15-20 minutes for our table even though we had reservations and arrived on time for those reservations, I gave them the benefit of the doubt since we had 9 people in our party. Once seated we waited a long time for drink orders and after drink orders were taken we waited even longer for drinks. We ordered a couple $300 bottles of wine, you would think the waiter or wine steward would have been on the ball when the bottles ran dry, nope, we eventually had to flag down another waiter to ask our waiter be sent over. from the time we were seated until the time our main course was dropped was about 80 minutes, way too long considering the only appitizer courses we ordered were salads. I felt like we were on an episode of hells kitchen LOL....On to the food. Food was excelent, I ordered a miso Sea bass that was portioned and cooked perfectly. We shared several side dishes all of which were excelent. We passed on desert just because everyone was sick of sitting there, we had been there about 2 hours once everyone was done with their main courses. Bottom line, I will be hard pressed to go back becuase there are so many other great dining choices in Vegas. This could have been a 5 star review had the service been better.
5	Came here with my Dad for a nice dinner on Saturday Night, and it was AMAZING!  Michael himself was in the restaurant, which was a nice surprise.We decided to make our decisions easy for the night, and I got the signature tasting menu, while my Dad got the seasonal tasting menu.  Our waitress described then as "dueling menus" and although that may be a little stretch, it was very cool to compare his traditional menu with his more modern takes.  Overall I preferred the signature menu on most dishes, especially the caviar and the tartare, but the veal on the seasonal is one of the best things I have ever tasted.We also chose the premium wine pairing, which was fantastic.  The waitress did a great job of describing the wines and reasons for the different pairings, which really helped me to appreciate the choice of the sommelier and see how each wine complemented each dish.  All the wines were great, even if the sherry with dessert was a bit strong for my taste.Overall, a fantastic meal which left both of us perfectly satiated - I was very impressed with the portioning to leave me full, but not at all uncomfortable, even though everything was licked clean.  Well done to Michael and his entire kitchen and staff!
3	Came hear to celebrate our friend's birthday last week. We ordered their classic tasting menu which to our estimation was not worth what we paid for. It was a six-course meal. What stood out from the entrees was the miso-based sea bass - this was expertly cooked melt-in-your mouth creation. We all agreed that this is one dish worth coming back for. The lobster pot pie was also good. All the rest of the meal was simply forgettable. The service however, was spot-on.Whenever I write a review, I always ask myself: Will I go back? With all the other well-known restaurants in the area, probably not. I think I'd rather try the others before coming back to this place.
2	Food is average and definitely extremely overpriced. Dining area is nicely decorated and service is good. I had a tomato soup for $22 that did not offer anything to justify that price. The Chilean Sea Bass was OK, but just mediocre as far as flavor. Overall, a disappointing experience as far as food quality.
5	One of the benefits of Restaurant Week is becoming acquainted with restaurants that were never experienced before, at very reasonable prices.  And, what a treat it was to savor new flavors at Michael Mina.  I had always been a fan of Chef Mina's cooking mastery from earlier forays to Stripsteak at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas and Stonehilll Tavern at the St. Regis Monarch Beach Hotel in Dana Point, California.  So, I highly anticipated this initial encounter with one of Bellagio's best restaurants, and thought that I would like what I found here.  Yet, even so, my expectations were exceeded.In really opulent and elegant surroundings, my party of four began our repast with nice warm baguettes of real sour and salty Sourdough Rolls presented to us in tongs by an assistant server.  There were other such rounds once a roll disappeared from a plate.  In fact, we enjoyed tremendous attentive service throughout the night.  Wagyu Ravioli Short Ribs were salty but delicate and tasty.  Phyllo-Crusted Sole was simply excellent, with a light, buttery battered mild exterior and a moist interior, accompanied by great Crab-Horseradish Mashed Potatoes.  A lemony Veloute Sauce was very nice just underneath the fillet of fish, although pea shoots on top really added nothing for me.Michael's Root Beer Float, together with an edible Chocolate black & white straw, was an inventive dessert, made even more sumptuous by the addition of two gooey Chocolate Chip Cookies.There were other special touches that I applaud.  For instance, a long spoon for Iced Tea was nice, and cloth napkins were gently placed on guests' laps.            This dinner was one highlight among many during Restaurant Week in Las Vegas in the summer of 2013.  I will surely be back!
4	Great menu we both the garden omelet. Open 24 hrs with limited menu. Staff friendly but not extremely attentive. Always make it a regular stop on our Vegas trip mainly because we stop and see conservatory
5	Had the foie gras duo, roasted beets and mushroom farro sides.  We also got the Sunset menu: wagyu beef ravioli, lobster pot pie, and candy bar dessert.  Foie gras is my absolute favorite, as always.  The textures and flavors of this particular dish were so satisfying and comforting.   As far as the lobster pot pie goes...True, cooking the lobster in a pot for 18-20 minutes may make it slightly rubbery, but lobster has that texture far more than any other crustacean anyway...the flavors are amazing.  Definitely a heavy dish, which is why I shared my husband's and I just ordered a couple sides (which were great). You're going to spend a lot of money there anyway...so the additional charge for the lobster pot pie was well worth it.  Cocktails are wonderful. Superb food, service (LOVED our waiter), and ambiance.
2	Not worth the money at all. For a michelin star restaurant, I was definitely hoping for better food. Guess what people say is true, restaurants by celebrity chefs are all for the hype and their food usually sucks.Got the signature tasting menu. The only things that were good were the caviar amuse bouche (OH HEY guess what? a course they don't make but buy from other suppliers! No wonder it tasted good) and the seabass. What was most disappointing to me was that they completely ruined the foie gras course. It was WAY overcooked and bland. SOOO bland. Never had bad foie gras in Vegas before until now. The kobe beef was also very hard to chew and just not top notch quality. Lobster pot pie was also bland and not very good. I honestly think I'd rather have canned soup than that.
5	If your able to splurge on a night out, then this place is the place to go. Came here with the family and we did the $65 meal plan which consisted of an appetizer, entree and dessert. I believe we got this option because of the time we went but I would highly recommend this option because entree alone can cost 50+. Everything tasted good but I think they could have had more choices for dessert beside chocolate for a little more variety. The Chilean sea bass in miso soup was excellent. Standard cocktails (which they show you the choices on an iPad menu) and unlimited bread before dessert. This place is definitely more of a date night kind of place..soft lighting, fancy attire and soft music.
3	We went here for Thanksgiving. the restaurant is very nice, but I am surprised it has a Michelin star. the food was good but I wouldn't say worth 350.00. The bread and the special honey butter was excellent.The pear salad was  just ok. There was way too much chickory in it. which overpowered the salad. The rest was good. The lobster pot pie was good but , being from Boston, I would have added more cream and sherry and the lobster was slightly tough. I grew up on fresh lobster so I know about it. the Crust was not flaky enough..too tough. needed to be lighter and flakier.  I think the pies were slightly overcoooked frankly.The turkey was fairly gamey. I wasn't impressed. I eat all organic most of the time so I am not sure if this was wild turkey but I would have bought a GMO free corn grain fed organic turkey to serve. Cranberry sauce was superb. The caviar supplement was excellent. Although I would have preferred slightly more caviar on it. The desserts were WAY too sweet. I like real Patisserie type french desserts and this had too much sugar. When the sugar takes over the flavor versus bringing the flavors OUT of the dessert it is too much. We had the root beer float and the chocolate pudding which was more like a VERY thin creme brulee'. The wait staff were excellent. If I had to go somewhere again I would head back to L'atelier Robechard. Its at the MGM. That place definitely earns their ratings.
5	The sea bass is absolutely amazing, with miso glaze, shrimp dumpling, mushroom and bok choy the sweet yet savory aroma will make your mouth water. The butternut soup was also really really good! You have to get dessert, I recommend the candy bar in particular. It's like a more luxurious gourmet version of a snickers.
2	We were here on Labor Day weekend and my friends were craving for Foie Grais so I decided to give this place a go. We arrived late around 1015pm but they still accommodate us even though our reservation was at 9pm. I ordered the lobster pot pie since I heard it was their well known dish. The food was very presentable and the waiter had a cart where they carefully and artistically rip your lobster apart and place them into your place delicately. I was very excited at first but sorry to say that the food was Very Disappointing! It was bland and the pie itself tasted horrible. I don't know how this was their popular dish. The group ordered a whole Foie Grais and again it came out in a cart. They cut the Foie Grais in front of you and delicately place it into the main plate. I must say it tasted better than the lobster pot pie. The texture was good and it had a nice flavor and a balance of fattiness.Overall, the whole dining experience was okay. They gave us a comp dessert which was some kind of juice in a shot glass. It was way too sweet! None of us finished it. Anyway, I would not come back here. It was not satisfying and definetly not worth my money.
5	I went into Michael Mina not knowing what to expect; it was referred to me by one of my fellow foodies, and she raved about the unique chef's menu that she had enjoyed.That's exactly what we opted for! I personally hate looking over a given menu trying to figure out what to order, so my party and I gave the chef the opportunity to send out what he wanted and showcase the menu on his terms. Every dish was meticulously plated, and beautifully presented. The pretty dishes were accompanied with carefully crafted flavors that worked extremely well together. The foie gras duo, scallops, salmon with osetra caviar, to name a few, were some of my favorites.  My family and I had a wonderful time at Michael Mina. From the service, to the food, to the ambiance; it was a memorable dinner.  The gorgeous French chef even came out to see how we were enjoying things and took a picture with us when we requested. I definitely recommend this restaurant.
4	Excellent food. Lobster pot pie was amazing. The dessert trio is a great finisher. There is also an extensive wine list.
4	When in Vegas, this is one of my top places to entertain clients.  Why?- the location - who doesn't like this casino?- the food is flawless- the service is impeccableIs it THE best?  No.  Is it close?  Yep.  It's the easiest place to entertain - their tasting menu is the perfect amount, portions, level of luxury, and it is times to the tee.This last time, I had a diet change.  Drastic.  So their main tasting menu was off limits.  I researched and found that they have a VEGETARIAN tasting menu!  WOW.  When I ordered it, the waiter asked me if I had any other requests or changes needed.  **Stop right here** HE asked ME.  I love service!  So I request "no additional salt".  I am sodium free and I know some foods contain natural sodium, but you can say no extra and the chef preparing the food will not add salt.  And he said it was no problem.The food came out - there isn't enough words!  I was so happy that I could keep up with my clients and not have my diet restrictions stop me.  Was very grateful!So...why not 5 stars.  Well -- we got sat in the room with the bathrooms.  I don't know - watching people go in and out the entire time was just annoying after a while.  You would think with their status they could have laid out the flow a bit better and hidden the bathrooms?I will continue to have my yearly visit here in October.
2	Can't recommend it. 4 star food, 2 star service, but you have to do better than that at $100+ per head. We had a party of 8 (four couples) there on Saturday night. Our server was really indifferent, right from the get-go. No smiling, no personality. Borderline unfriendly/unpleasant. And it didn't get better as the meal went on. It's not like they were slammed with a huge crowd, either. Other table attendants (water, bread) were super pleasant and on their game, though. Service was slow -- slow to take drink orders, slow to deliver them, slow to take dinner orders, slow to bring meals, slow to bring dessert menus, slow to bring the check... Our steaks were really good, our friends raved about the Lobster Pot Pie and everyone who ordered the Chilean Sea Bass loved it. Sides (beets, truffled polenta and a 3rd [kale?] that I've already forgotten) were... forgettable.Again, a good meal, but not a great one, and subpar service in a place where you're paying for 5-star service. A disappointing experience after a great visit to American Fish and BLT Steak in Scottsdale.Too bad.
2	Highly over priced.  I'm sorry.  I was prepared to have a fabulous meal, something to sigh while eating and remember long afterwards.  Not so.  It was good - but not fabulous.  I've had better meals for much, much less.  The wine list - well, let's just say that they had very expensive wines - but a limited selection of good reasonably priced wines.  Interesting that there were many empty tables.  I'm used to long lines/waits at good restaurants.  I'm also used to excellent wines at reasonable prices. My meal was $100 and I was NOT impressed.  Paid for the name, not the food.
5	Is this the best dinner, nope, but we certainly had an fantastic dinning experience. We got seated, and the waitress came by and notice I was uncomfortable because the seat were un-even, she prompt found us another table, which made me so much happier.We choose the chef menu, and the wine pairing. Definitely go with the premium pairing, well worth the price.  It was perfect for dinner date. The portion is small, but you do get 5-6 course. I choose the vegetarian chef menu, and over all, it was pretty stratifying. The only complain is that the grilled tofu was too hard. The service is 10/10, food 8.5/10, decor is about 7/10, value 8/10.
3	Excellent food and service.  Only mistake chef made was there was a piece of plastic paper slipped into the coffe from the kitchen.  Manager apologized and gave us free dessert. However, it was pretty dangerous that we almost drank in that plastic paper..
5	Another amazing experience at one of Michael Mina's establishments. First course Caviar parfait  - I would say that this is one of his signature dishes. Layers of flavor with a lot of depth. Second course Hamachi - the fresh fish really cut through the richness of the yuzu aioli. I thought the dish was well balanced. Third course Japanese a5 steak - the marbling on the cut really made the meat melt in my mouth. For you carnivores and steak conoussiers this cut is a must haveDessert - got the dessert trio. At this point I was full and all I can remember of the trio was a root beer float ,cookies ,and a pana cotta. Delicious!Service - I've had a lot of fine dining experiences in my lifetime and all I can say is from the host to the managers, the  entire staff was very attentive and accommodating. As we walked out all staff members acknowledged us and thanked us for coming in. Our server Miguel was awesome, his positive energy really made our dinner that much more special. He was very knowledgable of the menu and answered any questions we had regarding the menu.He even walked us out. I was very pleased with my experience at Michael Mina. I will be back!
5	I'm going to start this off right and just tell you to start your meal by ordering the seafood platter to share. The most glorious bite of my meal was on a round, lightly salted blue corn tortilla chip, loaded with fresh chunks of tangy ceviche, fluffy white coconut foam threatening to escape and fall to the table- but not before I caught it on my tongue! Finish that off with a sweet and spiced up popcorn kernel, and you'll want to worship the day that Michael Mina was conceived. This most delightful bite of ceviche was Thai influenced with hints Thai chili and coconut froth enhancing its refreshing lemon based sauce. I know it sounds strange, but it works. It works real good. By now you're probably thinking, wow did she really just write a WHOLE paragraph on one bite of ceviche? Well I just gotta write what's in my heart! That stuff stole the show. It made me wish that photographs existed to record the memory of a taste instead of sight. But on to the rest of the night: the service was exceptional. Make sure to call ahead and book a table near the window with a view of the Bellagio fountain to make it all worth it! For fish, get the sea bass with miso broth, shellfish dumpling, and bok choy. I seriously drank the rest of the sauce after my fish was long gone. That tasty. For meat, the kobe is out of this world expensive- but also equally as delicious. To get the bang for your buck and a slice of Kobe, order the tasting menu. I never thought beef could taste like anything else but beef, but this piece of meat brings quality steak to a whole new level. Perfectly cooked, juices burst in your mouth and the meat just melts. Dessert, get the ice cream or sorbet samplers. Both excellent and made with fresh ingredients, with very generous portions.
5	If you are looking for an upscale place with flawless service and delicious food this is the place. It's located inside Bellagio and I have been here 4 or 5 times. The last few times I have brought different friends here and we have always had the tasting menu with wine pairing. It's very good! I have tried both choices for wine pairing, and to be honest they both are great. I'm in no way a wine specialist, so I might not be the right person to ask, but at least for me they were both great.  The place is pretty pricy. The tasting menu will will the best wine pairing and tips end up around $ 200 per person.
4	This was a first class dining experience. Initial greeting was not overly friendly but efficient and what you might expect at a top restaurant.Wine list was comprehensive with plenty of reasonable choices for those not looking to mortgage their house for a bottle of wine. Cakebread and Cymus Canernets were around $180.We started with a veal stuffed ravioli that was incredible! I could have made meal out of them alone. For the main course took the lobster pot pie. It was also outstanding though not what I was expecting it to look like. It's very rich so be forewarned. Got the Chocolate Sampler ( little small) and root beer float for dessert. Both good choices if in fact you still have room. This is a great place if you are in Vegas and like fine dining!
5	Went for dinner last night. Had the tasting menu with the premium pairings. The food was orgasmic, and the wines were paired perfectly. Atmosphere was surprisingly quiet for a Sunday night in Vegas. The wait staff was attentive and the sommelier was superb!! Definitely one of our favorite Vegas dinners as we come here often for business. Highly recommended!
2	I've been to the Michael Mina in San Francisco, and it was amazing.  I loved the lobster pot pie, and the duck was the best duck I've ever had, and the honey butter bread.....delicious. I was actually planning on going here for my birthday in a few months.Unfortunately, when I came here, I was so disappointed.  So many things went wrong.  I wasn't terrible hungry, so I decided to go for the ravioli appetizer and brussel sprouts.  I also planned to taste/share everybody else's food.The ravioli was not amazing.  It was small portioned, which was fine, but it was just too fishy and not very flavorful.  The Brussel sprouts were really good.Then comes the lobster pot pie.  It was beautiful, as always.  The problem was that my boyfriend's lobster wasn't cooked all the way.  They told us maybe it was because the shell was too thick at the end?  Anyway, it had a horrible taste in the tail end.  At first we jokingly thought maybe it was a female and it had the taste of eggs.  Anyway that lobster was passed around the table, until we all agreed it was just undercooked. We told the waiter who apologized and said somebody would be out to speak with us.  He also asked if we wanted another entree.  We said no.  About 5 minutes later, they bring us a another lobster tail.  Nobody wanted to eat it.  Nobody came to speak to us.  Meanwhile, a waitress tries to split behind us between a wall of wine glasses.  Her apron hooks on something and broken wine glass shatters all over 2-3 girls jackets and purses on the floor.  We got an apology.  The manager never came to speak to us.  My boyfriend is so grossed out and nauseated he cant' finish his foie gras, so it was wasted.   The steak I tasted from my friend's was good.  The beet salad was pretty good, and the last side dish-something creamy/risotto tasting was alright.Anyway, the bill came, they took off my boyfriend's lobster.  It's just- I don't know-the experience was very negative.  My boyfriend wanted to puke, and he was very unhappy.  Saving a bit of money wasn't really worth it.  I think if the manager had come out or even if they brought us dessert, it would have been a nice gesture and that would have been enough.Instead more lobster nobody wanted to eat, an apology with a not-so-great excuse (the shell was too thick?), no manager after the waiter told us he would be out to talk to us, and broken glass....not to mention my fishy ravioli I didn't like....I don't know.  In my boyfriend's words...he felt like Micheal Mina really missed the mark.I think I'll go to another place for my birthday.
5	First time at Michael Mina and i am impressed! My boyfriend made reservations for our anniversary before heading out to the club. The waiter was real nice and quick. To start off their half shell Kushi Oysters were delicious, the presentation was nice and had a unique taste to their sauce. It was def. fresh and cold just the way i like it. They hand you a Ipad to order any cocktail drinks and dessert which was cool. It was very well detailed and the pictures was a plus. the cocktail was more on the fruttier side that didn't taste like it had any alcohol at all. Their Filet Mignon was prepared nicely, small portion but it did fill us up.They do have photographers walking around snapping pictures and we ended up buying a package lol. She made us pose in different ways and complimented us very well, it also came with a frame. The lady was nice enough to even send the pictures to our room since we didn't have any time left. Sadly we had no time for dessert but maybe i will try next time :)
4	Had an excellent meal at Michael Mina over 4th of July weekend with my husband and another couple.We planned our usual big Vegas dinner and made a reservation via Open Table. We had a short wait for our table to be prepared upon checking in, and decided to order some wine at the bar. They have a cool iPad with their wine list and the bartender was helpful in navigating it. The sommelier advised on a few bottles once we expressed our preferences, and we selected a bottle of white just as we were whisked away to our table. Our dining companions ordered their own bottle, and we were greeted by our server and brought bread and water immediately.Bread is served in individual little rolls directly to your plate from a busboy--fancy.Our group of four enjoyed a few appetizers (hubby and I split the lobster ravioli and enjoyed it immensely) and then on to the main course. Our group had the lobster pot pie, the Japanese fish trio, I had the sole, and hubby had a fish I can't remember. The lobster pot pie presentation was really impressive and all of our dishes were delicious.We didn't have room for dessert but had some espresso before heading out for a night on the town.Our server was attentive and polite, if a bit overbearing (but that tends to go with the style of the establishment) and everything we tasted was executed well.The only reason I don't see Michael Mina as 5 stars is just that is lacks that little spark that makes fine dining truly special. Everything is done very, very well and the quality is exceptional, but there's nothing truly outstanding or distinguishing about the cuisine or the restaurant. I would definitely return, but not until I try the rest of the fine dining establishments Vegas has to offer.If you have some money to burn and want a stellar meal, Michael Mina will definitely delier.
5	I want to start by saying that Michael Mina has the absolute best service I've ever experienced. Had dinner at a number of Michelin restaurants in Vegas and the food was great at all of them, but none had the service that Michael Mina did. Every server knew each dish perfectly, knew when to be there to provide assistance but did so without hovering or anything. Just such a blissful dining experience.Of course, the food is superb. Every dish is so full of flavor. I've had his soups, steaks, etc and it's all been great. One of my favorite dishes was the beef carpaccio (don't think it was on the menu when I went back tho). The flavor and texture were perfect. Mina's foie gras also has a good unique flavor to it with the ideal silky texture. I had the kobe beef which was obviously a small amount, but cooked to perfection. And there was a sampler dessert plate which had a custard, cookie and some ice cream. The cookie was great, ice cream great, tho I could've done without the custard.Michael Mina could not be more deserving of his Michelin star. Cannot recommend highly enough
5	Great steak, desserts, and wine! Love this place!
2	First of all we wanted a special restaurant for our wedding night, and Michael Mina's got great reviews so I thought we'd try it. We knew it would be rather expensive but were ok with that as we were expecting the food to be exceptional. To start with, it's a bit out of the way. you have to walk through all the shops and the entire Bellagio Casino to get there. We came from Caesars which in theory should not be that far but it took us about 20 minutes to walk there. When we got there, they let us know they had a fixed menu since it was a holiday (Valentine's Day) it was $145 per person which was a little more than what I would have ordered from their regular menu, but again, I was ok with it because I was expecting sensational food.  The meal was a seven course meal which took entirely too long between courses. I know they were busy, but it was about 20 minutes between courses, and dinner took 3 plus hours. It was uncomfortable to sit for that long. We were so tired of sitting and waiting that we were tempted to leave before the main course - which was strip steak.  (It was really good by the way - I would probably give it an 7/10). The lobster pot pie that everyone raves about was just ok. It wasn't bad, but I was expecting something better and it was very rich. Combined with the very rich caviar parfait and the muse, and oyster soup that was also part of the dinner, it was WAY too much richness, in fact, by the time I got to the pot pie I could barely eat any because my stomach couldn't handle all that rich food. It needed something lighter and more acidic to break it up. The whole meal was just too heavy. All in all we spent about $400 with drinks and gratuity, and for the money it wasn't worth it. Do yourself a favor and go across the street to Paris @ Gordon Ramsay Steak. We ate there the next night. It was half the price and much better!
5	I am long overdue as I visited Michael Mina several months ago but the fact that I can still remember my favorite courses and how AMAZING this meal was is testimony to their craft. While in Vegas I was determined to try all new restaurants instead of the old faithfuls (though admittedly we couldn't stay away from Bouchon for brunch). For this trip I sampled Sage, Aquaknox and Michael Mina. All my meals were delicious but dinner at Michael Mina was the best. My friend and I both had the tasting menu (always the way to go when it's a new spot). They have more than one tasting menu, I went for the signature, it features 6 phenomenal courses. It would be hard to pick a favorite but the lobster pot pie was...transcendent. Seriously. I was absolutely stuffed by the time I pushed myself away from the table. The service was also 5 stars. These pictures still make my mouth water, looking forward to the next trip!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/michael-mina-las-vegas?select=ejeCwct9EA1MYEPzb-Q6EQ#ejeCwct9EA1MYEPzb-Q6EQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/michael-mina-las-vegas?select=ejeCwct9EA1MYEPzb-Q6EQ#RAfnH56YHjO7giCvNdPYMAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/michael-mina-las-vegas?select=ejeCwct9EA1MYEPzb-Q6EQ#xyqC_1mel4nocCNLARDqmQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/michael-mina-las-vegas?select=ejeCwct9EA1MYEPzb-Q6EQ#7XnLlll2wtQY7OlgHCJw2ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/michael-mina-las-vegas?select=ejeCwct9EA1MYEPzb-Q6EQ#jdVCyUXGsn3MOcgi6wnkeg
3	This review was for our family trip on last Christmas Day. The meal was a seven course meal. Unfortunately none of dish was remarkable. Service was amazing but what can I say. Our family did not enjoy any of dish and for the money it wasn't worth it. Interior deco was very outdated. They do have good wine list but if meal is not good then you don't enjoy wine either. Sorry Michael Mina.
3	One of the things my friends and I looked forward to as we planned our trip to Las Vegas was a fine dining experience that would fittingly conclude our vacation at one of the most surrealistically elaborate cities in the world. In the last minute, we decided to dress up and splurge ourselves at Michael Mina after watching "O" at Bellagio. The menu displayed at the indoor entrance of the restaurant certainly seemed enticing enough, and I was immediately drawn to a good balance of its trendy yet classy atmosphere. As we sat down, we were presented with two menus - the a la carte and the seasonal & signature tasting menus. All three of us decided on the signature tasting because it was comprised of the six most interesting items from the a la carte menu. My friends ordered red wine while I decided to settle for a less classy long island. Our main waiter, who was efficient and polite throughout the night, brought our drinks before taking our orders. I was disappointed with the long island as it tasted like lemonade one would expect from a lemonade stand operated by an 8 year old. It did not take long at all for the first item on the tasting menu - domestic caviar parfait - to arrive at our table; in fact, I was impressed by the speed of the service, considering how fresh every ingredient tasted. The combination of smoked salmon, creme fraiche and caviar worked really well, and I was particularly impressed with how the flavour of smoked salmon was just subtle enough to not overpower any other ingredients. However, I was not impressed with the choice to use hash brown as the base of the dish; its presence was almost too dominating. The dish would have had more balanced, superior flavours had the hash brown been replaced with something less dominating, such as an unsalted potato chip. I do have to admit this is more a subjective opinion, however, as my friends were pleased with the inclusion of hash brown in the dish. I was much more satisfied with the two items that followed: ahi tuna tartare and miso-glazed chilean sea bass. The tuna tartare simply melted on my tongue, and it was one of the most interesting combination of flavours and textures I've ever experienced. The sea bass was cooked flawlessly, and the presentation of the dish was elegant. I did not quite agree with the choice to add the dumpling as it was more a distraction than a complement to the dish; however, everything else in the plate worked well to enrich the already superior flavour of the sea bass.  Next came the lobster pot pie, which had an interesting presentation but nothing much to flaunt about otherwise. It was a rather disappointing dish, as the lobster had this distinct aftertaste that could only be attributed to the fact that it was overcooked. The cream and the vegetables inside were good, but their flavours were far too subtle to overcome the major flaw of the dish. The pastry itself was baked perfectly, and its texture was an excellent complement. However, one cannot give too much credit to a dish with a poorly cooked star ingredient. The fifth item to arrive at our table was the wagyu ribeye rossini. The dish came with foie gras, which I had never tried before. I was quite pleased with the dish, even though the kobe beef was tougher than I had anticipated. Nevertheless, the subtle flavours and the textures of every ingredient used in the dish worked perfectly together to create a near-flawless tasting experience. The last item of the tasting menu was, of course, the dessert, which comprised of a root beer float and a chocolate chip pecan cookie. The root beer float was mediocre and forgettable; I am sure if I put together a scoop of vanilla ice cream thrown into a glass filled with root beer, it would taste the same. As for the chocolate chip pecan cookie, it had a peculiar, unpleasant flavour to it that took me some time before I knew what it was. It was the same flavour that I remembered from the cookies I've baked long ago using a poorly cleaned baking sheet. I obviously cannot say with 100% certainty that the pastry chefs at Michael Mina had been reusing baking sheet without washing them properly that night. With that said, I can't see what else could have caused the cookie to taste like that. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Michael Mina, albeit it did fail to live up to my expectation. The service was adequate, but it did not add much to the dining experience; with the exception of our main waiter, the servers seemed distracted and in an unnecessary haste most of the time. I have experienced superior fine dining at cities much less grandeur than Las Vegas for lesser price; therefore, it is hard for me to recommend this restaurant despite some of its commendable dishes. As always, thanks for reading the review.
4	probably more like a 3.5 food was pretty good but not amazing. service was excellent. portions are smaller than average.
4	Came here for my birthday dinner before the late "O" showing. My husband and I both went for the signature tasting menu with the standard wine pairing. I'm glad we did this as we experienced the best-sounding dishes on the menu. I surprisingly enjoyed the caviar parfait. I loves the ahi and lobster pot pie. I was a little disappointed with the fish and steak courses. The flavored were just not to my liking. Dessert was well-presented. I enjoyed the chocolate bar and float but was not impressed by the cookie. In general, I think the price was right for the experience. The wines were paired well & service was on point. Overall, we likes the experience, but I'm not walking away dreaming of any one dish or needing to return anytime soon.
5	Fantastic dining experience and an incredibly attentive wait staff. We had 6:30 pm reservations and chose to do try the 3-course Sunset Menu. I chose the waygu short rib ravioli, the phyllo- crusted sole and the candy bar dessert. We also ordered truffled polenta and brussel sprouts for the table. The ahi tuna tartare melts in your mouth. Each dish was more fantastic than the next. Make sure to put this on you agenda the next time you are in Vegas.  We left satisfied and raving about everything we tried. I love to dine all over the world and honestly this is one of the best meals I have experienced.
5	I have been to this restaurant a couple of times, and each dining experience I had with them has been phenomenal. The servers were always nice and efficient. I can not think of anything in the menu that did not please my taste buds. I have a love affair with their lobster pot pie, and it's one of the main reasons why I will keep coming back to this place (or to any of Michael Mina's restaurants).
5	I mean...just wow. Lucky to be able to take a client here last week and finally get to enjoy this place on the company dime (thank god). We went ala carte and I was supremely happy as much as I would have loved to try the tasting menu. My client and I were just amazed at not only the flavors, but the artestry and impeccable service. Sadly I also had to bring two other knuckleheads with me who made faces like a kid eating broccoli when attempting to get them to try the divine foie gras duo. The mousse was so melt in your mouth it almost could have been dessert. The salsify soup was a beautiful blend of flavors I would have never thought would go. Chestnut with the oysters? Really?My client and I both did the Phylo crusted Sole which was... just amazing. Melt in your mouth, flakey, generous fillet. Great accoutrements on the plate with the potatoes, etc. Also did the brussels (fantastically char-grilled) and the mushroom faro for some nice earthy balanced sides. And then...the dessert sampler and the panna cotta. I mean...I am NOT a dessert guy but wow. They literally make their own candy bar and then the mousse and peanut butter parfait cup is like a high end reeses on steroids. But what really did it for me was the panna cotta. Oh man...the passionfruit panna cotta was just ridiculous. Such amazingly clean flavors. So crisp in a panna cotta which is so hard to do.... As a former resident in Vegas and one who now goes 3 or 4 times a year for work and other...Michael Mina has me sold as my new favorite go to. Hands down. Move over Robuchon, Im hitching my meals to this Michelin Star.
5	I had heard good things but even then, I was still impressed. Everything we had was truly amazing! Appetizer:Foie Gras- this was memorable, especially the seared foie gras. I'm thinking about it now and my mouth is watering!Entree:Chilean sea bass- the broth was perfect and the sea bass was melt in your mouth deliciousMy coworker got the signature lobster pot pie which I tried a few bites of. It was unreal of course, but a bit too rich and creamy for a full entree IMHO.Dessert: OF COURSE I had to get the root beer float (even though I don't love root beer) and it was the best root beer float I've ever had! The warm cookies were a nice touch and the float was scrumptious. Overall, the Michael Mina experience carries weight and albeit a bit pricey, it was worth every penny. You will not be disappointed!
4	Loved the experience at Michael Mina.  The staff was very professional while being fun and approachable.  Had the "signature tasting menu' with caviar parfait, tartare of ahi, miso-glazed Chilean sea bass, lobster pot pie, ribeye and dessert--all with separate wine pairings.  A couple of the wine pairings were amazingly good.  The sea bass was marinated in miso for 24 hours and was better than any preparation i have ever had before.The tiny little root beer float (2 inches tall) was fun and tasted very good.
5	Michael Mina's Signature and Seasonal Tasting Menu are both spectacular. Especially when paired together. They parallel each other well, each dish complimenting the other. The seafood was fresh and bursting with flavor. My favorite dish was the Domestic Caviar & Butternut Creme for how unique and full of flavor it was. I also loved the Miso-Glazed Chilean Sea Bass for its rich, tasty broth. And who could leave out their signature Lobster Pot Pie? It was thick and creamy with the perfect buttery flavor. I also had one of their drinks that had a cucumber vodka flavor--I cannot recall the name. It was delicious. In general, the wait staff was appropriate and I really appreciated they held our reservation without any problems while my guest was running a little late. The ambiance was elegant yet casual at the same time. You don't have to whisper over your food and are able to really enjoy yourself. Their food is modern and innovative and worth the try. Enjoy!
5	Since we eat at Mina's 3-4 a year we wanted something news. They suggested A "just feed me" no menu chef sends what chef sends option.  The chef sent out 7 courses of heaven served with the usual Michael Mina professionalism and charm.  Love. This. Place.
5	Nothing makes me happier than an amazing dinner experience so for my birthday I decided to celebrate at Michael Mina. I had eaten there a while back when it was Aqua and I remembered we loved it. From the start we were treated like ROYALTY. Jorge (the manager) is a top-notch, gracious, and over-all classy guy that genuinely cares about the diner's experience. I feel like he sat us with Miguel (server) because he knew we were looking for a fun night. Miguel was THE BEST server ever. He put up with our tipsy antics and joined in on the fun which was such a treat, upscale dining can tend to be stuffy, with Miguel we had a GREAT TIME. We all ordered the signature tasting with wine pairings and everything came out in a timely fashion, not too fast, not too slow, JUST RIGHT.I had the signature tasting with wine pairings. This was not my first rodeo. I've had the privilege of experiencing quite a few fine-dining restaurants in Las Vegas but this one TOPS THEM ALL. You know when you have a meal and think "nothing will ever compare", that totally happened. The food was SUPERB. It is so hard to choose a favorite dish because everything was so perfectly executed and the pairings were so perfect (hence being tipsy), but if i had to choose, I would say my favorites were the caviar parfait and lobster pot pie. Here is the play by play:1. Starting off with the caviar parfait, which is paired with vodka AND champagne (why choose just one?!), really set the tone for the rest of the night. It is like a perfect combination of richness, crunch, creaminess, and a dash of acid to keep everything balanced, PERFECTION. 2. The ahi tuna tartar is prepared table side and paired with a delicious Riesling (this was my favorite wine of the night). This dish was a big hit ay my table, everyone devoured it and it is quite a large portion. I wanted to lick the leftover quail egg off the plate it was so damn good. 3. Miso glazed chilean sea bass: sweet, savory, tangy, crisp on the outside but moist and flaky on the inside all in all perfect once again. Paired with a white wine from a rare grape (or was it a rare wine) things were fuzzy at this point but I really liked this wine.4. LOBSTER POT PIE: how they get all these pies out without overcooking the lobster is beyond me. they bring them out and cut the pastry shell off for you,the timing has to be just right or the lobster would get overcooked but my lobster was easily the BEST I've ever had. Of course lobster swimming in a buttery cream sauce is going to be delicious and it was. Paired with a chardonnay but I was too busy enjoying the lobster to give my wine any love and attention, the lobster was the star of this course.5. Wagyu ribeye and Foie Gras: I've had his Foie Gras at Nob Hill MGM back in the day so I knew it would be good and it was SPECTACULAR. My friends agreed they had never had a better foise gras. It's got a yummy carmelization (my mouth is watering again). The ribeye was tender and delicious, everything was perfectly seasoned. Paired with a nice Cabernet.6. Dessert trio: Root-beer float, chocolate chip cookie, and peanut butter chocolate cake paired with a port. So yummy but at this point I was very full so I could only have a few bites, those few bites were all I needed to end on a nice sweet note. Jorge and his staff made my birthday so special and I will never forget this experience, it not just a meal, its an experience. I HIGHLY recommend the signature tasting. From what I experienced, anything you order will be outstanding but it's a real treat to taste it all and with great wines. Job well done folks! I will definitely be back for more, until then I'm in mourning.
5	Last weekend we had the signature tasting with wine parings and it was simply amazing.  From the sea bass, to the ahi tartar, to the lobster, the steak, and foie gras, it was all very well done.  The ahi tartar was absolutely amazing, and I'm not one to love tartars.  The caviar was so fresh they must have had the fish in the back room.The sommelier chose the wine parings extremely well for each course.  If your eating here don't pass on the opportunity for such expert advice, trust me.  Just be cautious of the amount of wine and liquor they bring you if your a lightweight.  I'm not a lightweight and things got a little fuzzy towards the end.Although the food was to die for that's only 1/2 of the experience.  Service must be up to snuff.  Growing up and formerly working in Las Vegas I have very high expectations for service and have seen a steep decline in the level of service in Vegas the last several years.  I can tell you that trend has not made it to Michal Mina's restaurants.  I've been to a few and every one, including his namesake restaurant, have superb service.  Friendly, accommodating, entertaining, and competent.  I really couldn't have asked for a better staff.You cant go wrong at Michael Minas if your looking for a great meal, great service, and a meal to remember.
5	I had the opportunity to spend last weekend in Vegas for my friend's birthday. This was a special trip, first time to Vegas since having my baby who is now two. And first time leaving the baby overnight. We had one night on the town and we wanted it to be fabulous! There are so many options for things to do in Vegas, and after much discussion and many yelp searches, we decided to start our night out with a special dinner at Michael Mina. We are so happy that we did! I have had some amazing meals, but this one stands out as best meal ever. When arriving at the restaurant we were greeted by Jorge, the Manager. When making the reservation we shared that it was my friend's birthday and Jorge went above and beyond to make sure that we enjoyed our night. All of the staff were exceptional. We especially enjoyed our server, Miguel. We had the tasting menu with the wine pairing. The food and wine were paired to perfection. Every course was amazing. I can go on about each one, but I would suggest you experience Michael Mina's for yourself. It is hard to pick a favorite course, but the ahi tartar was amazing. If you are looking for a memorable dining experience when in Vegas I highly recommend a night at Michael Mina's. While I am sure everything on the menu is as delicious as what I had the opportunity to indulge in, the signature tasting with the wine pairing was perfection. Splurge and enjoy!
5	The signature chef tasting with paired wine offerings was the most delicious dining experience I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying.  Course after course arrived with not only delicately prepared tartar and flavorful steak topped with deliciousness, but served in unison with wines (and vodka) that made these generous morsels all the more giving of wonderful flavor.  The service made the experience feel even more special.  These words try but fail to express how satisfying the dining experience was at Michael Mina's.
5	Michael Mina's is officially my favorite restaurant. I have a penchant for good food gras, and the always have something amazing on the menu. I also love the lobster pot pie! The bar tender was so cool...she let me try three different wines because I'm unfamiliar with the French ones which they had a lot of. So I must say the service was really special, because the wine expert came of to talk to me. Guess what? He was from Seattle:-)
5	AMAZING. Appetizers: hamachi, foie grasEntree: lamb rack with three sides: mushroom farro, polenta, and brussels sproutsDesert: trio of vanilla cake, root beer float and panna cotta. Everything was absolute perfection. Each dish was better than the last and the service was impeccable.
5	Lobster Potpie was fabulous!!  We had the tasting menu, everything was wonderful.  It's a definite "I must come again!"
3	Last week we took the in-laws there for a pre Mom's day celebration. We were not looking to over eat, as we had a full evening planned. We started with the shell fish appetizer which had a variety of samplings which were wonderful. We ordered a steak/lobster tail per couple, to be shared, for dinner. We thought that with the two sides that we ordered - mushroom risotto and brussel sprouts - we would be just full enough. When the meal arrived the lobster wasn't there. We asked the waiter and he advised that they were out of lobster AT 6 IN THE EVENING!  I asked he waiter why he didn't mention this before the meal arrived, as we may have changed our order. He had no answer, but apologized.Now, to be fair, the steak was good. Not amazing as expected, but it was fine. The sides we delicious, but we never did really rebound from our disappointment over not having lobster at a restaurant known for its seafood. The worse part is that when we left there were several people eating lobster!!!!!The waiter did bring us a delicious desert, and the meal was comped by the amazing Bellagio thanks to our gambling, so I really have no reason to complain. However, word to the wise, if you are going to spend $400.00 on dinner, you may have better options on the strip.
5	Without a doubt the best food,atmosphere, service and charm of all the fine dining available at Bellagio. The lobster pot pie is legendary - the dessert menu is beyond remarkable and the wine list is both complete and diverse. Try it.
5	And my mates are all there trying to calm me down'Cause I'm shouting your name all over townI'm swearing if I go there nowI can change her mind, turn it all around at...MICHAEL MINA! - The Script (nothing)If you follow my reviews, you know I am a big fan of chef Michael Mina (looking forward to his new restaurant at the new stadium). When I ate here a year ago, I knew I would eventually be back. I'm just surprised it took me this long to commit (cough)...but alas, I came back like I promised for that lobster pot pie! I even specifically asked when I made reservations if it was available that evening :) We ordered the full serving courses, not the tasting menu portions. (as shown in the pictures) 1. Lobster pot pie - served table side with huge chunks of lobster (2.5 lbs worth); they carve the top crust off the pot pie and put it at the bottom of the plate to serve as the base, and then they put all the vegetables and lobster pieces on top of the crust, so its like an open face pot pie - one of a kind experience2. Chilean sea bass - what you would expect from a fine dining restaurant3. Wagyu ribeye - simple cooked well, no complaints, option to add foie gras4. desert sampler - i just remember the three desserts were sweet but not too sweet(reminds me of someone that i know...LOL)We came after the show and even though they close at 10, we were able to order at like 930-945 and stay till 1130ish. I'm habitually one of the last ones out on many occasions so cheers for being so accommodating and friendly!
4	The Signature Tasting menu is great! Each dish is pretty small, but at the end of the six courses I was stuffed.
5	Loved this place!  Great service and food without being pretentious.
2	I had dinner at this restaurant and was sorely disappointed. The service was slow and the food was below average, at best. Hopefully, this was an isolated experience.
1	So truthfully the food was 5/5 amazing!!! Totally rocked!!! I am a huge michael mina fan, I have ate @ stone hill, nob hill (now closed), sea blue (closed) pub1842, American fish and I have met michael mina personally and thanked him for all the great dining experiences! So I am not a mammaluke yelper griping for no reason! I am a seasoned gastronome and formal fine dining captain of a multiple michelin star restaurants. So I don't yelp a lot lately but this has to be shared...By far worst service in a fine dining restaurant ever!!! Reservation booked as a birthday, Maitre D' or manager who was super polite initially. walks us to table, we mention it's birthday he acknowledges as well. FIRST COURSEPlace food order we request that we split the  shrimp tortellini between seat # 1 and #4, and seat #2 onion soup, Captain (pathetic to give this joker that title) acknowledges Second COURSE.  split mixed green salad same way seat #1 and #4. And me seat #2   will have  artichoke truffle salad. 3rd COURSELobster pot pie split between seat # 1 and #2, 2 orders lamb seat # 3 and #4 and side of beets.Now what went wrong?ordered 2 ice teas never cameShrimp tortellini and mixed green salad and onion soup delivered same time not split (Btw if the kitchen doesn't split things which is respectable we were not told) I was delivered onion soup. What happens now??? So I have to then Eat artichoke salad by myself and feel like a gluttonous pig while no one else at the table has foood and we SPECIFICALLY order in a way to avoid this!!!!Next the captain comes to mark our table and backhands all of us like he is working @ denny's!Entrees arrive and lobster pot pie split on a gueridon by the captain he deliver the plates and says "it is very hot! I should know I just touched it" WTF u just touched my food that is disgusting!! Food was great! Oh so my water glass is empty for at least 2 minutes Oh and the beets never arrived?oh and we ordered dessert and there was no candleOH no one ever checked on any of courses???? Oh our table was never crumbed?Oh ya when we left there was no manager around or maitre d? To tell this too that is why I yelp which is so lame.IN CONCLUSIONGreat food lobster pot pie still one of my all time faves incredible.   Service TERRIBLE what an f'ing AHOLE of a captain screwed up every course and never checked on anything. Pathetic service not worthy of any restaurant I'm disgusted!!!!! Gross he touched our food as a joke? Sick BASTARD.!!!!! I love michael mina and all of his restaurants but your namesake place has a lot of issues with pathetic forgetful service. Please hiring new management to eliminate these clowns butchering your legacy!!!!!!
5	She said...."this place is amazing! If you are looking for a fancy date night with amazing wine and food this is the place to go to! My husband and I literally loved everything. The salad, steaks, truffled polenta and desert was excellent. We will definitely have to come back next time we are in Vegas. Such a great experience."
5	In a word, "WOW!!!"  My wife and I are self proclaimed "foodies" so we try to eat at the most recommended places each time we visit a location.  Michael Mina came highly recommended and it did not disappoint.  The meal ranked easily in our top 3 of all time and we have eaten as some excellent spots both domestic and internationally.  We opted for the Signature Tasting Menu with sommelier pairing and were delighted.  The caviar parfait and the lobster pot pie were simply to die for.  With each course it just grew better and better.  The staff is exceptionally accommodating, provided wonderful service and made the meal a more memorable event.  Cannot recommend this restaurant enough.  Splurge and enjoy yourself, you will not be disappointed!!!
5	What a fantastic dinner !!! Very elegant decor inside the restaurant with extremely professional stuff from the hostess to the sommelier to our waiter Paul. We were there for the tasting menu with sommelier wine pairing and they deliver a fantastic experience. Timing and quality of the food was outstanding we left very satisfied
4	This is my belated review! I can say this place is amazing! The staff is accommodating and food so so good.You have to remember to wear a jacket and no shorts though. I came after relaxing at the pool and luckily I had a room upstairs.My highlighting favorite is the caviar parfait and tuna tartar. Writing this review makes me think about those flavors so much. You are in for a treat!
4	my friend and I tried two different tasting menu there. Generally it was good, but just felt a little bit over priced. I paid 180 for mu meal in all including a cup of Rose and tip, tax. If you never tried any modern mixture of French and Japanese cuisine, I would recommend it.
5	Outstanding food and service. Had the chef's selection and despite being hungry when I arrived left stuffed with delicious food. Every course was a new experience that continued to thrill. Worth every penny!!!!!
5	Did the chef's tasting menu here along with the wine pairing... it was phenomenal.  Michael Mina is a famous chef for a reason.  The seafood is always the gold standard at Michael Mina's but what really stood out was the Wagyu Beef.  Medium Rare to perfection, the Wagyu was the best I have ever had.  And I consider myself a carnivorous meat eater who has tasted steaks all over Las Vegas.  When I go back, I will definitely be getting the Wagyu Beef as its own dish!
5	What a wonderful meal!!  I have died and gone to heaven. We had the traditional prefix for $115 and added the $85 premium wine tasting and it was worth every penny and then some! The pairing was spot on. The sommelier Cole Sisson came by several times to ensure that each wine was properly introduced and gave little tid bits about the wine and wineries. Our server, Geronimo, was extremely attentive as well as knowledgable about every mouth watering dish that was served. We took our time as each course and wine came out. The staff was attentive, but not annoying. Our compliments to Micheal Mina. What a wonderful experience. We will definitely be back for more. The lobster pie and wagyu were out favorites, but everything was enjoyed and we left stuffed!
2	Had the tasting menu, the food was excellent, but not spectacular, deserving of a 4.  Caviar, Fois Gras, Tartare of Ahi Tuna were very memorable dish.  But here a the reasons why I deduct some points. One bathroom per gender for the entire restaurant, seriously?  I was standing there awkwardly with two other guys and one gal waiting for their respective restroom. This, in a $$$$ restaurant (-.5).The larger room which we were in was bright, crowded, and loud, not something I would expect for a $$$$ (-.5).My small lobster pot pie that came with the tasting menu had 3 or 4 small overcooked pieces of lobster.  I think that you would be better off with the regular pot pie (-.5).  Warning: it is very rich, so eating the whole thing by yourself would be overwhelming.Being in Vegas, it's pricey, I get it.   But definitely not worth the value.  Every entree was between $60 and $80. Take your money and eat somewhere outside of the Vegas strip for about half the price, but get the same enjoyment if you do your research of course. (-.5)
5	I loved this dinner! Special friend, amazing food, beautiful ambiance & overall just a very great experience. The service was fantastic & our server was very delightful. I was impressed from start to finish.The sea bass was by far my favorite bite & it was tender & flavorful with a beautiful presentation as every dish was. It was ultra fancy but still comfortable & warm. I ate with my eyes & everything was as delicious as it looked. I would love to replay the evening over & over again.
4	So we had the tasting menu at Michael Mina.  The restaurant is located towards the middle of the Bellagio.  We were put all the way in the back in a small room which I didn't like.  Secondly we were put next to a very large and loud crowd killing the ambiance.Now on to the food.  The dishes were good but in my opinion not great.  The Tartare of Ahi Tuna was quite tasty.  The ahi was fresh and delicate.  The asian pear and pine nuts was a nice contrast of flavors and textures.  The world famous Lobster Pot Pie was not impressive to me.  Maybe I had a bad batch, but it was very underwhelming.  First of all the broth had too much brandy in it.  The brandy overpowered the broth.  Secondly, the vegetables inside was too crunchy and severely underdone in my opinion.The best dish of the night was the Miso-Glazed Chilean Sea Bass.  The fish was cooked perfectly.  It was moist, delicate, and had an outstanding flavor.  It was silky and practically melted in my mouth.The Wagyu Ribeye was also nice.  I would have liked to have a bigger piece of Foie Gras.  Finally the dessert came that consisted of a Root Bear Float, Lincoln Candy Bar, and Chocolate Cookie.  It was fine, but nothing special.Overall it was a nice dining experience, but I have had better in Vegas.
4	When finding a nice place to dine and for special occasions, I recommend this restaurant. The service is what you expect for a Michelin starred restaurant. The food is flawless. We had the ravioli and tuna tartare for appetizers. Ravioli was cooked perfectly and was interesting in flavor with a hint of orange. They prepare the tuna tartare at the table. Great blend of spices and Asian pear to balance the heat. I had the lobster pot pie which was prepared table side. You get a whole pan so you definitely get your money's worth if you are ok with the $85 market price. The cream was perfect with the crispy pie. I savored every bite and I'm sure you will too. The hubby got the filet of beef which was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing with the short rib and mashed potato. Both dishes flawless in presentation and so flavorful. The mascarpone cheesecake is light and accompanied well with the huckleberry. If you can, get to this restaurant for an unforgettable meal!!
3	I was looking forward to this meal for quite awhile.  My husband came here a few years ago and said it was his favourite!  I used OpenTable to make my reservation.  So convenient!  Most of our table had the signature tasting menu and two guests had the seasonal tasting menu.  If I had the option, I would've done some mixing and matching to get the best of both worlds.  The first course of caviar was excellent.  I wished that was bigger.  I could easily have eaten a whole plate.  The tuna tartare was a tad heavy on the sesame oil, but otherwise, the tuna itself was perfect.  I shared with my friend and got to try her hamachi.  That was incredible. My miso glazed sea bass was amazing.  The texture was spot on.  The portion was just right and the flavours were well balanced.  What do you think of lobster pot pie?  Sounds like a good one, right?  The lobster was way overcooked.  It was actually a huge disappointment.  None of us wanted to say anything because we didn't want another portion and we were getting full anyways, but this one was off the mark.  The carrots were undercooked.  Very strange dish.  The wagyu steak was good.  Not fantastic, not terrible, just good.  The truffle was a nice addition but I felt the foie gras was unnecessary.  Of course, that might've been because we had just consumed the whole roasted foie gras served table side.  That was really good.  I preferred the middle pieces whereas some of our table enjoyed the end pieces.  Chacun son gout!  I liked the mini root beer float, but I'm a sucker for root beer.  The cookies were nice and moist.  The chocolate bar was very rich after such a filling meal, I wish I ate it all but just didn't have room.  I tried my friend's panna cotta and that was light and delicate.  Very smooth on the palate.  Passion fruit and avocado, go figure!  Overall, considering quality, quantity, and value, this was a good meal.  The lobster threw me off (it threw us all off).
3	Eaten here a few times. It's not bad by any means but nowhere as good as the SF location in both food quality, service and overall experience. Lobster pot pie was a little runny and watery at this location but they do have Fois Gras here.
5	I don't know why this restaurant is only 4 stars??!  This is definitely one of the best meals I've ever had...and dare I say it was even better than Picasso?? (also located in the Bellagio).  We had the halibut and the phyllo crusted sole- both were incredible.  Service was impeccable.  Definitely a must-go when in Vegas.
5	While the taste of the food didn't wow us, it is up to par with any Michelin-starred restaurants.  Our great experience at this restaurant was mainly attributed to the service provided by our waiter.  It's a shame I don't remember his name but he's Brazilian.  It's funny that throughout the night my wife and I both thought that he's either French or Italian cuz he's got a little bit of the European accent.  It's not until we started talking about the world cup that he revealed his true identity.  He's got to be one of the most pleasant and energetic waiters out there.  We appreciate his dedication to his job and his effort to try to make our night much more enjoyable.
5	We had the 9 course tasting menu with premium wine pairings.The food was amazing, but I cannot say enough about the world class service... phenomenal!The bill for 2 was in the low $400's... much less than other comparable restaurants.This will be our new g-to special occasion restaurant.
5	Went on a Saturday night around 7pm.  Wasn't very busy.  Was warmly greeted by the host and sat immediately.  Open and brightly designed, the restaurant itself seemed classy yet very welcoming. Right next to the Bellagio garden, opportunities of photo ops are everywhere.Domestic Caviar Parfait: This was my FAVORITE.  Full of flavor and yet so simple and light.  I could've eaten at least 5 more of these.Tartare of Ahi Tuna:  Quality was very good.  A bit too much sesame oil for my taste, but I love the smell of sesame oil so I didn't mind it.Miso-Glazed Chilean Sea Bass:  Broth was delicious and the boy choy was deliciously charred.  Fish was light.  My friends went to the restroom before this was served.  We saw it was ready in the window, but since they weren't there, they didn't serve it.  We saw the kitchen take it back and re-make it for when my friends returned.  Good sign for consistency of quality?Lobster Pot Pie:  Big chunks of lobster...a bit heavy for my taste.  American Wagyu Rib-eye:  Meat was cooked perfectly.  Served with foie gras, which I don't care for.  I gave that to my friend.  Enjoyed the meat slices but I was so full by this point, I couldn't finish it.  Lincoln's Candy Bar:  Cookie was warm and yummy, as was the Valrhona chocolate piece. My favorite was the root beer float.  I would HIGHLY recommend getting the wine pairing if you plan on drinking.  The pairings went perfectly with each dish.  One of my friends ordered a glass of wine with her meal which was $18.  For $65. you get 6 glasses of really good wine.  4 signature tastings, 1 wine pairing, 3 coffees, 1 americano, 1 wine, 2 cocktails for roughly $770 (after tax and tip).  Staff was friendly and on point.  We tried taking a group selfie and our server offered to take a picture for us.  :DI would definitely come back....especially for that caviar parfait.
4	Typical Fine Dining with Great Food & Service.
4	My first Michelin-starred restaurant in the US! Michael Mina - Bellagio holds a Michelin one-star award and the food here is some serious business.My boyfriend and I decided to try the Signature Tasting Menu for $110 per person. We were in Vegas, at a restaurant headed by a world-renowned chef, and this was going to be our first $$$$ restaurant. Umm, what do the kids say these days? YOLO. Go big, or go home! Thus, the tasting menu was the obvious choice.Michael Mina is not splashy. There are no extravagant decorations or chic interior. It is purely a classy and elegant restaurant with simple decor. However, this setting can accommodate a large dinner gathering or an intimate date. The servers and staff are professional and friendly. Our waiter was very helpful and attentive--a little too attentive that it became borderline overbearing. But I think that comes with the territory when dining at an establishment like Michael Mina.Now, to the best of my Yelping abilities, I will review the six items off of this Michelin-starred restaurant's Signature Tasting Menu.*Domestic Caviar Parfait - Alderwood-smoked salmon, creme fraiche, shallot potato cakeA small treat that packs a huge punch. The parfait is tiny, but that's its design by intention. Just a teensy bite contains big, bold flavors. The ingredients blend well together to create an intricate tasting experience. The smoked salmon definitely dominated over the other ingredients with a powerful BBQ flavor. *Tartare of Ahi Tuna - Asian pear, pine nuts, Scotch bonnet infused sesame oilThe finely chopped ahi tuna is molded into a cylindrical block with a raw egg yolk sitting on top. The waiter breaks the yolk, then swiftly and meticulously mixes all of the ingredients together. You can eat the tartare on its own, or spread it on the bread. The sesame dressing is strong and peppery. The ahi tuna is velvety and soaks up the seasoning. The pine nuts add a crunchy texture. My only complaint is that my toast was extremely burnt (I should have taken a photo of it but I opted to snap a pic of my boyfriend's less charred toast). I was surprised they even served it in the first place. Does a Michelin-starred restaurant not carry enough bread that it can't replace burnt toast? It wasn't just me. The table next to us also had really blackened toast for the their tartare.*Miso-glazed Chilean Sea Bass - shellfish dumpling, dashi brothThe BEST dish of the night! The sea bass was so moist, delicate, and silky. Loved the miso flavor and the dashi broth. I didn't care much for the shellfish dumpling--my mom makes better dumplings. But sweet Jesus. That sea bass was absolutely divine. The broth was savory to the last drop. *Lobster Pot Pie - seasonal baby vegetables, brandied-lobster creamThis was an interesting dish. After the waiter sets down the pot pie, he cuts the top off to expose chunks of lobster swimming in a buttery cream sauce. It's essentially an openface pot pie. Cool concept! The crust/pastry was flaky and doughy. This dish was too rich and heavy though. I'd say it was my least favorite despite its unique presentation. The lobster was fine but I wasn't impressed with the flavors.*American Wagyu Ribeye "Rossini" - Hudson Valley foie gras, Pinot Noir reductionThe ribeye was cooked to a perfect medium rare, with a glistening red interior. The foie gras was smooth and buttery. This was a solid dish. *Lincoln's Candy Bar - root beer float with vanilla ice cream, chocolate cookieOK, I felt like the chefs were being lazy or lacked inspiration for this dessert. It's basically a glorified Butterfinger candybar, a typical chocolate cookie, and a small root beer float with a milk chocolate straw (that you can't even sip with!). Really? I expected more from Michael Mina. This was fine if I was at any ol' restaurant--but not at a Michelin-starred restaurant. Phew! I realize this review is LONG but I wanted to detail my experience since Michael Mina popped my Michelin Star cherry. Our dinner was top-notch, but I won't say it was the most incredible meal I've ever had. That sea bass though. It deserves a million Michelin Stars.
4	Good service. Food was ok. I expected more. Would not run back. A bit pricey for so so food.
5	How anyone could give this place anything other than a 5 star rating is utterly ridiculous, seriously. Single plate service and clearing for every course, amuse bouche to start the meal along with palate cleansers in between Chef's tasting menu meal, and amazing drinks make this place a can't-miss date spot. Noise level is extremely low, making for a great conversation atmosphere. Have some drinks at the bar to start your evening, and why not have one on the way out also. Servers are extremely knowledgable on the menu and can almost order for you. Lobster pot pie is a must, love the lamb, seafood tasting, foie gras, bone marrow.... Stop it. Expect to spend around $200 per person if you are drinkers, if you are drinkers and shotters you can bump that up to about $250 per person. Those of you on the wagon can save a ton and expect to get out of there at about $120-$150 depending on your hunger level.  Leave the kids with the sitter.
3	Michael Mina was unfortunately an underwhelming meal.  I'm a strong believer that Yelp reviews should be based on a price / quality rating.  We dined at Michael Mina and had the Signature Tasting menu ($115) with the wine pairing (extra $65).  There was a total of 7 of us, including Mr. Riches.  The tasting menu consisted of a 6 course meal with some highs and some lows.The Lows:- The Sea Bass was very dry and rubbery.  Nobody at the table who had it enjoyed it.  When the waiter asked how it was, one diner said, "I'll be honest with you. It's not very good."  The waiter just didn't say anything as he cleared the plate.- The Caviar - I'm not a huge fan of smoked salmon.  This dish is probably just a personal preference issueThe Highs:- The kobe steak was the best part of the meal.  Well flavored and cooked great.- The Lobster Pot Pie had a lot of lobster and was delicious.I was also quite surprised that there was not any amuse buche with the meal.  Nor, were there any small chocolates or jellies at  the end.  I think that a tasting menu should always include these nice "surprises," especially at a fancy restaurant.  Based on the fact that 1 dish was underwhelming, and 1 dish was bad, paired with mediocre service and no surprise dishes, Mina to me is simply a 3 star.
3	We had an early dinner reservation on a Sunday evening so we could see Cirque de Soleil's O. We chose to go a la carte as my wife wasn't interested in the prix fixe menu selections. I had the artichoke salad, which sounded amazing. It was a deconstructed salad, laid out on a long, thin plate. Pretty to look at, not too great to eat. The slices of artichoke heart were good, the dressing was thick and on the bottom of the plate. Two fairly large croutons mean you had two bites of crouton to go with your salad. Meh, I make better salads at home. My wife started with the onion soup, a lovely, creamy soup. Beautiful and delicious. I wish I had ordered that. My wife had the Dover sole in phyllo pastry.  Cooked perfectly, with a nice light sauce. I had the braised beef, which was cooked perfectly and it was delicious.  The roasted root vegetables were four small root vegetables placed around the plate. The potato was literally one small bite. The other three of its buddies were smaller. Is there some new vegetable famine I haven't heard about?  The wine list was loaded with expensive wines. The cheapest two or three were all over $95.00. Some of the $100-$120 bottles are available at grocery stores anywhere for less than $25.00. I have no problem paying two times retail, but four times retail just isn't right. Our waiter was clearly disappointed that we each "just" had two mixed drinks each and he did a lees-than-perfunctory job for the rest of the evening.  I asked for a description of the root beer float dessert. His reply, " If you liked root beer floats when you were a kid you'll like this."  You know, pal, for $15.00 it ought to be a lot better than the root beer floats I had as a kid. I had the chocolate bar for dessert. What a stupid name for a great dessert. A small bowl with a light chocolate cream with a dollop of ice cream in the center, and on a second plate an elegant rectangular chocolate bare that I can,t describe, but it was luscious.  I asked our waiter about the sauce the ice cream was in and he said, "it's some kind of cream sauce."  Seriously. He said that. My wife and I used to frequent the longest-running 5-star restaurant in the country, so we are used to fine dining and high prices. Our waiter was weak, the rest of the staff were very good. The food was very good, but not great. The salad was a disappointment and the garnishes were pathetic. The mixed drinks were good, but at just under $15 anyone can make a good Plymouth gin and tonic. Ice, Plymouth gin, tonic water and a wedge of lime. The wine list was overpriced unless you were in the $150-250 per bottle range, where things were generally two times retail or a little more.  We have had better meals in Vegas, lots better meals in Seattle, and we still miss La Maisonette in Cincinnati which had world-class food AND service. For the money, not a great deal.  Three stars. If I didn't know the cost, maybe four stars.
5	This is one of the nicest and priciest meals I've had on the strip. Started out with a wine selection recommended by the waiter, which was excellent. I ordered the sea bass in miso sauce and I loved it! It's a bit on the saltier side but I love salty so it was perfect for me. It's a good size sea bass. My husband ordered the lobster pot pie. It's pricey but amazing!!! A must try! I love seafood do there were a lot of options. If you're into steaks or anything else, I might try another restaurant. My husband and I spilt a root beer float, which comes with warm cookies. Not what you would expect from fine dining but the waiter recommended it and it was good. The cookies were warm and delicious. The service was good and the waiter was very knowledgeable. I would recommend this place if you want to try fine dining. It's not very big so I would make a reservation. Enjoy!
5	Fantastic restaurant. Could not recommend the phyllo-crusted sole more highly. Great cocktails. Incredibly expensive restaurant. Absurd, to be honest, even by New York standards.
2	We chose Michael Mina for our anniversary dinner. Let me first say, that if I based this review on the main dishes only, I would have given it 5 stars. Unfortunately, the rest of the experience was more like 1 star. When you go to a place like this, with prices like this, you don't go only for the food. You go for the whole experience, particularly when celebrating a major life event. From the moment we arrived, the experience was underwhelming to say the least.Upon entering, we were greeted by...I'm guessing...a disinterested UNLV undergrad just trying to make a few bucks on the weekend. Typically at high end restaurants, front of house staff are seasoned pros with strong customer service skills. Maitre UNLV could not have been more distracted or bored showing us to our table.When it came time to order, we found the wine list overpriced and lacking. The waiter didn't have a firm grasp on the wines and couldn't recommend something suitable for my wife. And then the wine came. Or I should say, the shot of wine came. Nice pour for $26...I nearly dislocated my eyes rolling them. Eating at the bar at Mesa two nights later reminded us of what a generous pour is, thankfully.Working in the nonprofit world, I eat at a lot of "rubber chicken" lunches and dinner.  Typically, there is a basket of pretty unremarkable, but filling, bread on the table at these affairs. One would expect better at Michael Mina. One would be disappointed. I was offered a choice of a regular or honey wheat dinner roll. I chose the honey wheat. It tasted like...well...a dinner roll. I've had better from the rubber chicken bread basket. Again, contrast that with Mesa, where you are provided a basket with Asiago Sourdough Bread, Olive Bread and Blue Corn Jalapeno Muffin.Then there was the matter of the creepy guy, sitting by himself two table away. After they seated a delightful single Australian woman next to us, and we struck up a pleasant conversation, creepy guy decided to inject himself into the situation, getting up and standing behind me to interrupt, and then sitting creepily (are getting the picture?) close to our new friend. No wilting flower, she told him to please exit her personal space. I could see the staff noticing this and they did nothing. Creepy guy eventually relocated to the bar on his own.The service throughout was...yawn...sorry...just recalling it made me a little sleepy.As I mentioned, the main dishes (sea bass for my wife and sole with truffled polenta for me) was delicious. While eating it, I nearly forgot about the rest of the experience, until I took my last sip of wine from my thimble.We bagged on dessert, figuring...hey...why not save the $50 and spend it at a place that seems to care about the people who patronize their establishment. Having mentioned that it was our anniversary earlier, our server arrived with a plate with the words "Happy Anniversary" hastily dribbled in some inedible syrup with three small chocolate truffles. I took one bite and was reminded of the bread. We'll stick with Mesa and Aquaknox when we come to Vegas.
5	For my 400th Yelp review, I wanted to recount our memorable meal at Michelin-starred Michael Mina.Service was sophisticated without being snooty, an appreciated balance for such a lovely white tablecloth restaurant. We were greeted promptly by the hostess and the GM (?) bid hello to us as we passed him walking to our table. We were surprised by a glass of champagne as I had noted in the reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary -- nice touch!Since it was our first visit, we opted for the Signature tasting menu, which features six courses of the restaurant's greatest hits ($115pp).- Domestic Caviar Parfait: a lovely tower of crispy potato, smoked salmon, creme fraiche, and black caviar, this dish was an innovative presentation of a classic flavor combination.- Tartare of Ahi Tuna: they mix this table-side but our server was very considerate and asked me if I would like to take a "before" picture! i really enjoyed the asian-inspired flavors and the portion was generous.- Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass: absolutely loved the buttery Patagonian toothfish swimming in a delicate dashi-based broth. the dumpling and bok choy were A-OK.- Lobster Pot Pie: definitely a show-stopper of a dish! creamy lobster-brandy sauce bathing fingerling potatoes, lobster knuckles, and other hidden treasures lie beneath a golden and flaky pastry crust that is sawed off table-side. with all the butter involved though, it's not for the faint of heart!- American Wagyu Ribeye Rossini: the steak was perfect - bright red medium-rare/rare with an even, crunchy sear. it was topped with a (very small) morsel of foie and generous shavings of black summer truffle. a decadent combination of delicacies!- Mascarpone Cheesecake with Huckleberries and Vanilla Crumble: we received a surprise "pre-dessert" course in celebration of our anniversary! the cheesecake was airy and light, while the huckleberry compote (?) was nice and tart.- Lincoln's Candy Bar: a trio of a Snickers-esque bar, a warm chocolate chip cookie, and a root beer float. the bar was sinfully good, the cookie was OK, but the float stole the show! the sassafras ice cream and chocolate straw were the perfect way to end an already great meal.Though there are so many high-end dining options in Las Vegas, I definitely recommend trying the Signature menu here if you get the chance!
5	Let me just say sometimes you go to a nice restaurant of this caliber and everything is really really good. From the service to ambiance and of course the Food.We had 2 different tasting menus so we could get the full spectrum of Michael Mina's food creations. We also added the wine pairing.The presentations, the flavors and freshness were spot on.The only criticism was he's signature Lobster Pot Pie. We had the entree course of this in another of his restaurants and its was fantastic. But this smaller version not so good. It was dry and lifeless. The entree larger one rich and creamy.That's about it everything else delicious. And well worth the price tag.
3	I'm taking this up a star. The General Manager, Jorge, went to great lengths to contact me directly to apologize. He was very gracious and was sorry that the restaurant wasn't on their game the night we dined there. The food was really delicious and I could eat a vat of the truffled polenta alone. With such outstanding management obviously caring as much as he did that one couple didn't have the optimum experience there, we will definitely give Michael Mina (and that polenta!) another try next time we're in Vegas.
5	Loved this place.  Being to it for over 5-6 times now.  Always do the pre-fix menu.  Need to try all their favorites, especially the lobster potpie.  The one downside is that they don't have too much choice in case you are bringing your kids...  Will come back again....
5	Only one word for MM restaurant Amazing!!Our sever Sabrina was also, Amazing!! The only female server, it was a new experience for us. Sabrina new everything we liked, down to the toast for our foie gras appetizer and we still don't understand how she knew but we didn't want to leave. If you go, please ask for Sabrina and you will understand. The food as always amazing and the lobster Pot Pie a must order!
5	Great service and food. Relaxing dinner
5	I had Miso glazed sea bass, it was the best seafood dish I've tasted! Flavor was just perfect! The best fine dining in bellagio.
4	This was my first time at a Michael Mina restaurant and it was exquisite! We did the signature tasting menu:- Caviar Parfait (with creme fraiche and shallot potato cake): This was a perfect dish. I wanted to make out with it.- Ahi Tuna Tartare (with Asian nuts, pine nuts, scotch bonnet infused sesame oil, raw egg): Presented at your table, then mixed by your server with the raw egg and all the accompaniments. The fish was undoubtedly fresh and the serving was generous, but the dish fell a bit short on flavor. My lease favorite of the night.- Miso-Glazed Chilean Sea Bass (with shrimp dumpling and dashi broth): I'm used to similar dishes prepared with black cod, and the choice of Chilean sea bass was interesting. Black cod absorbs sauces and flavors better in my opinion, but I still enjoyed this dish. Can't really go wrong with Chilean sea bass in general. It was a beautifully cooked fish.- Lobster Pot Pie: Deliciously rich, buttery goodness. A la carte, the pot pie is usually presented in tact, then cut open and plated at your table in spectacular fashion with the lobster shells and all. As part of the tasting menu, the pot pie is smaller, and the lobster is already de-shelled and cut up into chunks. The server simply cuts off the top crust for you, and it's ready for you to enjoy. I'd liken it to a lobster bisque with veggies and a flaky buttery crust topping. It's extremely rich and heavy, and I can't imagine eating a larger portion!- Wagyu Ribeye: Three slices of beef, cooked medium rare topped with a pinot noir reduction, chunk of seared foie gras, and slices of truffle. Yes. Foie gras and truffle. *I die* This was fantastic, but I was so full at this point, I could only eat half of the ribeye (I killed the foie and truffle though, for sure!).- Chocolate PB&J (with root beer float and chocolate chip cookie): Enjoyable, but again, I was so full, I don't know that I truly appreciated the dessert!Service was excellent, with the exception of the hostess who, in every interaction, made eye contact with and spoke ONLY to my companion while actively ignoring me (what the heck?). A friendly welcome and farewell would've rounded out a near-perfect fine dining experience.
4	Service was exceptional - especially Marcio. He is the man. The ambiance is really nice; this would be an exceptionally nice place for a business dinner. Very elegant. I had the tasting menu with wine pairings. The onion and leek soup was one of the best soups I've ever had. If you come here, you have to get the root beer float. It's their specialty, and it's truly awesome.
5	had the traditional tasting menu and wife had the seasonal tasting menu. impressed by the overall presentation of the dishes which are heavily influenced by Japanese and even a hint of Korean cuisine. we liked every single dish that came out. no major misses at all. excellent service as well. literally made an appointment minutes before their supposedly closing time at 10pm but they let us enjoy the full experience until midnight.
4	I go for the cable car cocktail and stay for the food. Love sitting at the tiny bar for the entire experience. Table side Tuna tartare is a must. Lobster Pot Pie is a signature choice. I like the sprout topped halibut. Expensive but oh so worth the splurge.
5	What an astounding place.This was my first experience at a Michelin star restaurant. Even though my boyfriend and I are big foodies and avid watchers of the food network, we never got the chance to until now!We went with the early dinner set menu. I got the tuna tartar, chilean sea bass as my entree, and the apple pavlova as my dessert.I could talk forever about the tuna tartar. OH MY GOD. they mix it for you on the spot in front of you with a quail egg yoke on top with some spices on the bottom and olive oil with toast. it was the most amazing thing I have eaten and I constantly crave it. The miso glazed sea bass was also light and delicious. Fish was cooked perfectly and the dashi broth was flavorful as well! The dessert was the perfect amount of sweet and tart which I enjoyed as well.My boyfriend got the ravioli, steak, and the rootbeer float. He thoroughly enjoyed his meal as well! we raved about it nonstop.It was such an amazing aura; our server was excellent and we were very taken away by the whole experience of the restaurant. I highly recommend!
4	Michael Mina was delicious. You must love seafood because Chef is known for that. My girl friend and I both tried the Chefs tasting menu. $115 each. She had the traditional and I had the seasonal. We picked at each other's plates. I actually liked her menu slightly better but both were exceptional. Some of my favorites were the ahi tuna for both menus (tartare and seaweed and pepper crusted), ribeye and the lobster pot pie. Yum! The Pot pie reminded me of a chunky lobster bisque and the Ribeye was cooked nicely over truffled mash potatoes. There was not one thing in both tastings that I did not enjoy since the flavors throughout the tastings were all so different but comparing the two tastings and weighing the two dishes against each other was fun. Presentation was impeccable and the ambiance was very comfortable for a fine dining restaurant.  Proportions were just the right size. Great experience and great food.
5	Quickly take-away: This place is fantastic unique signature dishes, great quality, fabulous service, and elegant but relaxed atmosphere all for an appropriate price. Dish to get: lobster pot pie Details:1) tender green salad had a great balance of goat cheese, greens, and creamy vinaigrette; this was small enough not to fill you up 2) lobster pot pie...for those of you who remember this from nobhill yes it's the same dish. This is truly a piece of art that I look forward to every time I am in Vegas. -they bring over a pot with a layer of biscuit on top, slowly cut the biscuit, inside is the cream, vegetables, lobster (still with shell) then they lay it out on your plate on top of the removed biscuit top. It's delectable.3) root beer float, it's a nice classics that they do so well with fresh baked chocolate chip cookies and straws made out of white and dark chocolate
5	Every element was superb starting from the alcohol choices and presentation. Our waiter was knowledgeable, uber-professional, and completely on top of our table from start to finish. It was a posh dining experience yet warm and cozy and non-intimidating.Food can not even be compared. Superb, artistic, decadent, unique , and the wait time was very little.Will go back next time we are in Vegas
5	The food was great as expected, but this review is for our server Marcos. Marcos was very nice and made us feel comfortable without being overwhelming. Unlike dining at Robuchon where the air is stiff and servers seem more robotic-- I actually enjoyed our stay the whole time there. The atmosphere was nice and cozy, and he did a great job explaining our wine pairings. He was swift and courteous and I can say it was the best service I've ever gotten. The tasting menu is the way to go, and I would recommend trying their premium wine pairings!
5	Located in Bellagio.  Had a nice romantic ambiance.  But the dining room was very simple - not too flashy or as sexy like the other places.Signature tasting menu is $115 & so is the seasonal tasting menu.  The seasonal had more seafood dishes. I wanted variety so went with the signature + $58 wine pairing ($65 for premium wine for you splurgers).Lobster pot pie - It was tasty/hearty.. Just like a Lobster Pot pie should be but the lobster was overcooked and chewy :[ .  Desserts - AMAZING.  Def. made me feel special for my bday. :]Foie Gras was good but very fatty and kind of though almost? Didn't cut through like butter like La'Telier.. had to force it a bit.  It was good though.
3	I feel terrible because my parents treated me to a really nice dinner here for a special occasion. It was really nice and expensive, but not my cup of tea. I didn't see the value for the high prices - over $100 per head after tip and tax.Some quick notes...The server was hard-working but very chatty; I would rather eat in peace. The place has a terrible stench of a rotting beach. I'm also a little unsettled by their large offering of foie gras - not even legal in the state where I live.Overall...This place was wonderfully fancy and offers many of the romantic perks of a high-class dining experience. However, you probably have to be a little old-school to appreciate the menu and the pricing. If you're young and looking for high-quality and great tasting dinner in Vegas, I would take a close look at this menu and consider alternatives before you pick Michael Mina.
3	It pains me to give Michael Mina anything less than a 4, because I truly wanted to love it. It came highly recommended from my mother, whose taste in restaurants usually never lets me down. Unfortunately, Michael Mina was my first Michelin starred restaurant experience that I simply found to be underwhelming.After an incredibly lackluster and unusually tough dinner roll in lieu of a bread basket (the first time I've been notably unimpressed by bread at a restaurant), we began with the Hudson Valley foie gras appetizer, which came with both seared foie gras and a terrine. It was exquisite and absolutely the highlight of the meal, definitely among the best foie gras I've had. Unfortunately, it was downhill from there. For my main course, I ordered the lamb rack (54$). My mother ordered the Chilean sea bass (49$). My grandmother wasn't hungry and ordered the butternut squash soup as an entree.The food took an unusually long time to come (I suspect it was because of my lamb). One recurring theme I've noticed at other Michelin starred establishments is that their timing and service is close to flawless. At Michael Mina, we felt ignored. Meanwhile, the (majority of) neighboring tables who'd ordered the signature tasting menu were swiftly being delivered their beautifully presented courses. I regretted going a la carte upon seeing this. I imagine my experience would have been significantly better had I ordered the tasting menu, as it seems Michael Mina specializes in churning out those lobster pot pies like a small factory. Oof.Once our entrees finally came, I was hoping to be wowed, but no dice. My lamb rack was simply okay, and for the price, I was expecting a bigger portion (it was three small ribs). The various items served with it (sauteed spinach, chutney, and tiny potato cakes, reminiscent to a samosa) were also only decent at best. I sampled my mom's sea bass, and wished I'd ordered it instead. It was very good. My grandmother enjoyed her soup as well.We ordered the root beer float and chocolate chip pecan cookies many of the reviews raved about for dessert. Cookies are by far my favorite dessert and I was greatly looking forward to trying these incredibly praised cookies. They weren't particularly out of the ordinary - just your standard fresh cookie. Am I missing something?Overall, Michael Mina wasn't at all bad, but it definitely didn't have that memorable "wow" factor other restaurants in its genre seem to have (at least in my experience). As I said before, I feel my experience would have been better if I'd ordered a tasting menu, but a restaurant of this caliber should have its entire menu on point. If for whatever reason you aren't feeling the tasting menu, I would advise you to go elsewhere.
5	I really enjoyed the vegetarian tasting menu here.  The dessert for my tasting and my boyfriend's dessert (from the regular tasting menu) were definitely highlights- we shared each other's passion fruit panna cotta and a peanut butter & chocolate cake.  Each of our desserts also included an individual chocolate chip cookie and root beer float.Our server, Greg, was very friendly and made our experience that much nicer.  Overall, great service and delicious food : D
