5	So first and foremost, I'd like to say thank god for this breakfast place in Southern Highlands. It makes my heart smile, I love breakfast and hate the drive all the way to "The Cracked Egg" all the way on Rainbow. So about the food......my new favorite is the stuffed blueberry french toast.....it was deliciously warm and very satisfying. You have to try that plate!! My boyfriend loved the steak and eggs, his words the steak was to die for!! I was very impressed with not only the food but the cute and quaint decor.......the hanging flowers from the ceiling was a nice touch and I have found my new found breakfast place and would recommend this one to everyone who is deciding or contemplating on coming in to try this place....not to mention the prices are perfectly priced for the food...great job!!
3	3 stars with the potential of 5 stars.  Rise and shine lacks service but makes up for it with there food.   I personally think they were overwhelmed with the amount of business they are receiving.  But there breakfast was awesome.  One the best steaks I've ever had!  And this is a breakfast joint...good stuff!  I'll be back to re-evaluate.
5	I have to say, it is nice to have a decent breakfast place in southern highlands finally. it is conveniently located in the middle of southern highlands in the smith's shopping center. it is a quaint little place, with giant sunflowers hanging from the ceiling. the owners of the place are always there and are very very friendly and personable. They have a good size menu, lots to choose from. Mostly breakfast fares but there are some sandwiches and entree salads as well. The first time I was there i had the corned beef and hash with eggs. It was homemade corned beef hash with big chunks of beef and potatoes. it was seasoned well and was agood portion of food. i also have tried their egg and ham hollandaise. hand-cut ham on top of english muffin and perfectly poached eggs on top. the hollandaise sauce was a little tangy for my taste but was still excellent. I tried my boyfriend's steak and eggs and the steak was really good. very tender and well seasoned.their food is really great and they have a special menu coming soon for daily specials like homemade meatloaf and braised short ribs, etc.overall a great cozy place to have breakfast with excellent service and good quality food.p.s. the restaurant owners informed me that they chose not to put televisions in their restaurant wc is amazing.. so many places now have tvs and are so distracting. wout them at least u are able to really enjoy the food and company.
4	New breakfast spots are cropping up everywhere and I'm loving it ! Apparently the word is out - around 10 AM on a Saturday we had a 20 minute wait for two. The decor is absolutely adorable - hanging flowers are all over the place and the wait staff wears really cute pajamas - love it! The food we tried was all very good. My husband had the blueberry french toast strudel . It was like a slice of a delicious casserole. If you're in the mood  for sweet but not disgustingly so, I recommend this! We also tried the chicken and waffles which was good, especially if you haven't had Roscoe's. It was much, much better than the one at HHAGG, and at this point the best I've had in Vegas. It was a big chicken breast instead of fried chicken which did make it much easier to eat. The waffle was pretty boring, but well executed. The chicken was a touch spicy, and the whole thing was served with cinnamon syrup. I would get it again, but I can't say it's crave-worthy. Biggest bummer about this place was service was a disaster. Drinks were late and forgotten, the pot of bread supposed to be served prior to the meal was brought after, etc, etc. They all seemed very rushed and stressed out. Given how brand new this place is, they get a pass, but I would hope the service improves in the future! It's no Babycakes, but it does hold its' own. In a sea of breakfast spots at every corner, this place deserves a spot in anyone's short list .
4	Service is very friendly. I had the cheesequila with steak and it was a great breakfast combo. Lots of gluten free options but still pancakes and toast if you want to have the traditional breakfast stuff.
3	This place was good not bad but not great I will still go to one of my favorite spots for breakfast on my days off which is MIMI'S. I live in Southern Highlands and I was hoping this place was going to be my spot when I don't feel like going to MIMI'S, but no I'll go to Rise in Shine if I don't want to drive far.When I got there it was busy and we had to wait about 45 mins. It was a Sunday so it was expected didn't mind... we waited outside because there is no place to wait inside, what I think they need to do is get some chairs outside or put a bench so people can sit while they wait. When they called us to be seated the hostess was very friendly and so was the server. But what I didn't like is that when I ordered my glass of orange juice it SUCKED and that's what the customers are looking for,especially if your eating breakfast!!!! The orange sucked because it was diluted with water to save money. It tasted just like water and the color was not even orange it looked yellow. From the moment I saw it when the server brought it to us I knew something was up. I wasn't the only person who notice that it was others too. Then what I ordered to eat was chilaquillas, I was expecting the traditional way but I was wrong, the server explained to me what it was and she explained what I thought it was going to be the traditional way. But NO it was more tortilla chip than anything else very little sauce, very very little eggs, and two slice of avocado, overal it sucked. If you never had the original chilaquillas before u wouldn't know the difference then I guess.... But I think the owner should not call it chilaquillas and call it Chips and Egg; and yes I said egg because it was only one egg.So overall to conclude my review it was OK I had better before. I hope they read this and hopefully change what I wrote just so I and others can go there for breakfast!
4	This is my new favorite breakfast spot. I had the pancakes with the 2 egg and turkey keilbalsa wich came with real maple syrup and cinnamon. Great customer service and I was very impressed by the presentation and reasonable prices.
3	Very cute atmosphere, especially for a strip mall establishment. I was really impressed with the decor and attention to detail on all of the styling.  The flower umbrellas hanging from the ceiling and tile framed windows made the setting more whimsical than industrial. The waitresses all had on pajama style uniforms which was a nice added touch. (Though I also have to mention the owner was working the cash register but didn't make much of an effort to make an impression with customers). The food was very good - we ordered the chiliquilas and steak along with the Belgium waffles. We also got the French press coffee which is served at the table with a timer for the perfect cup. So why only 3 stars?  This place was good but a little expensive and they charge extra for everything! In fact, a whole column of the menu has the run down on these charges... But these items arent really "sides" -- unless you usually eat avocado by itself?  Also, $4 for bacon?  I got my breakfast with steak for only $3 more than the chiliquilas by themselves so I'm not sure about the math on this one. Bottom line, this place is a little out of the way, nestled in a neighborhood strip mall, and could do better on the pricing for what it is... So, I have to conclude by saying this place is probably best left to the locals.
4	So we went on Sunday morning at 10am and only waited 10 minutes for a table - started with French Press coffee - PERFECT! The bread in a pot is cute and tasty. Now the meal...Corned beef hash - very good. The potatoes were mashed, so maybe not what you expect, but great flavor and real corned beef!Blueberry croissant french toast - totally good!Steak and chilaquillas-Awesome!We had a FANTASTIC server named Lisa - ask for her. She was busy but still attentive and friendly.  5 stars for her!The only complaint is the smoke fills the dining room when they cook steaks - Management hear this... it's pretty bad, I imagine they are working on this issue with their equipment.
5	This is THE BEST kept secret in Las Vegas. Almost debated on reviewing, so I could be selfish and KEEP it a secret, but it was so good, I have to give the owners props. Here are all the reasons this place deserves MORE than 5 stars.- Came at 10am on a Saturday and everyone was friendly. We actually had no wait, but I think that was more luck :) But it's still a positive in my book.- Bread in a Pot. Delicious cinnamon swirled bread that was soft and buttery. Almost like a croissant... warm and came with whipped butter and strawberry jam. TO DIE FOR!!!- My Man got the filet wrapped in bacon with eggs - cooked perfectly. The meat was tender, and you could tell it wasn't just cooked properly but that this place orders high quality ingredients.- I got the chicken fried steak and eggs, and WHOA, the outside was cooked so crispy, and flavorful. Had a little spice kick to it which made it even better. Eggs cooked perfectly. - The side of potatoes were seasoned like an expect would. Not too salty, full of flavor. I don't like ketchup, and at other places I always end up with bland hash browns that need flavor and ketchup is the obvious choice but these tasted excellent plain. TWO thumbs up!!- They serve illy coffee, and it is so good. Much better than typical diner coffee. It was refilled without me asking - another thumbs up!- The server was friendly and cheery but not TOO cheery if you know what I mean - 3/4 through our meal, the owner stopped by. I think this is what tipped the review. He was friendly, and I LOOOOOOVE when someone in charge stops by your table. They should come by when things are good and bad, and not just when there is a customer complaint. He truly wanted to see how everything was, and it was very personable. Obviously we raved about the place to him, and I can't say enough what a great first impression it gave us.- My man is an executive chef, and even he said this is the best place we have EVER had breakfast (totally exceeds Hash House, Egg & I, Cracked Egg, or ANY OTHER PLACE)We will be back for sure. Our favorite thing on the weekends is to go out for breakfast, and this is definitely our new spot.
4	Originally I had a draft for this place last month.  This breakfast place in southern highlands has been great for the neighborhood.  The only other closest breakfast place in the area is the griddle on Eastern and IHOP on LV blvd.  Which is crazy busy, because of the tourists.  My original review gave this place 3 stars because the service was very bad and I'm sure it was because they were new.  We have since eaten here 4 times and I have to say that each time has been better service.  The second time we went our waitress never came back to us.  We had another waitress tell us that she would be our new waitress.  I haven't seen that other waitress working there since.  I know I'm focusing on the service on this review, but let's face it.  It's just breakfast food!  I like it because it's close to our house.  I have to say a little about the food.  I have ordered the ribeye, tenderloins with open face omlet, and the chiliques.  all of these dishes were great.  It's not steak house quality but it's also not steak house price.  My wife always orders the french toast.  She said the french toast is great because it is big texas toast and fluffy.  She makes it a platter with eggs and bacon.  One thing I enjoy about this place is I think they make their own jelly and maple syrup.  My wife also gets the freshly squeezed orange juice.  Overall this breakfast place is a must try!  be prepared to wait for a table on the weekend but at the end it's worth the wait!
4	Awesome new place for breakfast in the Southern Highlands area, we so needed this place! Amazing food.. only downside is they dont serve alcohol so no Sunday morning bloody Marys or Mimosas!!!
5	This place rocks the breakfast world. It is so dang tasty. Today I went here with my two young monkeys (3 and 2) and were seated right away. The owner (who was very friendly and gracious) took us to a booth (perfect for kids). Then we met April.April is amazing and probably one of the most friendly servers I have ever met (and I have met some servers). She understood what it was like to be me (she said she has 3 kids of her own) and promptly put in an order of Cinnamon Crunch French Toast for the ankle biters and brought me a piping hot cup of much needed coffee. A few minutes later I ordered an egg white omelet with bacon, avocado, tomato, cheddar cheese and onion. When the french toast came out (quickly I might add....thank the Lord) she had separated it for us on two identical plates with a fruit garnish for each child (therefore preventing WWIII). It was buttery, gooey, sweet, crunchy and super delicious. All you could hear was the kids masticating (I Love that word) on their breakfast. My omelet came a couple minutes after and I actually got to enjoy a few hot bites before they started getting squirmy (having hot food is such a blessing when you are a mom). I will always be a loyal patron of Rise and Shine...because of the food, service and the short short distance from my house. Thanks again April :)
4	After reading about the wait most people have at Babycakes Cafe I decided to give another breakfast place a try (I'll try Babycakes one day...). So I Yelped a spot and was instantly intrigued by Rise and Shine. It was the location-not far from where I live- and those darn cute flower umbrellas that they have hanging from their ceiling.It was busy but with a ten minute wait on a Sunday Morning I'm not complaining....The flower umbrellas were so cute and everytime the door opened the air spinned some of them around-Whimsical I tell ya!!!Anyways, I did also enjoy all the mosaics on the walls as well-Artsie!!!The food= An option for bread is a cinnamon bread baked in a flower pot with a knife stabbed in the top served with butter and strawberry jam. Let me tell ya one is not enough- It was so good but I wish those flower pots were fatter for more darn warm yummy bread. Cute idea though...I loved reading that the Chicken in the Chicken and Waffles was a chicken breast-YAY!!!!!! So I picked that and it was really good. The breading was pretty tasty and spicy as well and the chicken breast was pounded flat so you got a pretty big piece. My daughter got a short stack of pancakes-So fluffy and good too...Now on to the grumpy BF who already was having attitude-He got eggs,hash browns and bacon-He was not impressed and hated his bacon-Oh well, so sad....I tried his food and it was fine he is just too particular about his bacon but like I told him thats why you have a voice use it and request what you like!!!I will be back and the BF can wait in the car....
5	Seriously, I just had to post another review, we went Sunday for breakfast and had another great experience. Let me declare - Bacon wrapped tenderloin rules!!!
5	Went back again....this time for their famous blueberry pecan french toast. It was just like bread pudding...light, fluffy and extremely delicious. I was only able to get through about 1/2 of it. The kids chowed down on their usual cinnamon crunch french toast. We also had a lovely chat with the manager, Steve Bell. Super cool guy and was great with my kids (my daughter loved him). He was very helpful when I asked him questions about their gluten free options (my mom suffers from Celiac disease). We will be back very soon...this time with mom/grammy in tow. Thanks again Steve :)
4	After waiting for a couple of months for the crowds to subside, my wife and I with our youngest son went for breakfast on a Sat. morning.  We were pleasantly suprised at the selction of the menu.  We did note that we would be hesitant to bring a large group here, since the booths and tables were set up for parties of 4 or less.  I'm sure they would join several tables together, but unsure how long the wait would be for enought tables to clear first.The pluses:I ordered the Chicken fried steak which was very good with a light yet crispy fried crust.  It was  very large portion that came with a small remekin of gravy served on the side.  The amount barely covered the steak, which I'm sure my doctor would have appreciated.  The waitress did ask me if I needed more gravy.  The potatoes that accompanied the steak were laden with oil and were soggy.My wife ordered the bacon wrapped tenderloin which was very tasty and tender.  The minuses:The prices for the entrees and their portions was very good.  I cannot give them a 5 star rating because of their beverage pricing:  $2.50 for a soda and $2.80 for Illy coffee.  Sure the coffee is better than average, but for that price, you better make sure my coffee is constantly refilled and not ask just once at the end of my meal.  Same with the sodas.They gave us a rating card that we filled out.  We gave all A's except for the F we gave to the young man that appeared to be the GM based on previous comments that refer to him.  He walked around a lot, but never interacted with any of the guests, not that I am asking for that either.  The owner spoke to I'm guessing to be a regular, but as an owner, I think her should be making the rounds and speaking/greeting everyone, especially since I read about his background being the VP of Caesar's F/B dept.So, in closing, this place definitley fills a much needed niche in the SH area; however, a pre-tip bill for $40 for 2 adults and one child is a bit steep.
4	The ONLY reason they are not getting 5 is because of the lack of a nice mimosa with breakfast but, the food and the service definitely deserves 5 stars. From the start very friendly service, we live in Southern Highlands and the kind of made us feel like we were there all the time(first time there). The young guy that sat us was so so so friendly!!! Our waitress "Lisa" was awesome she was the most pleasant server we have had in years and we go out to eat 3-4 times a week!!! She made our experience that more gratifying, she is very good at her job! I had the chicken and waffles so tasty, the chicken was so well seasoned and crispy (we are still talking about how did they get it so crispy?!!) Nice maple syrup, beautiful French pressed coffee, the nice bread in the pot....delisious! We were so pleased.
5	Yum! This place is our new favorite breakfast spot! Everything on the menu is awesome! The prices are a little high for a breakfast joint- but totally worth it! The staff is super friendly and the decor is very cute!
5	This place never disappoints. The monkeys and I came here to get out of the house (my mom came down with the stomach flu overnight and didn't need to be disturbed by Colt and Kaiya's noise). We roll in...portable DVD players in tow (the BEST money I have EVER spent...absolute silence from the monkeys) and who do we see...none other than the manager, Steve. He remembered us instantly (nice touch) and sat us at the most kid-friendly booth he had. Nicole was our server and she was on top of it, she even separated the kids usual french toast order on two plates (thank you for sparing us the fight). I actually had the chicken fried steak and yogurt parfait. Both were divine! The portion for the CFS was HUGE (I barely made a dent in it). The parfait was so delicious with berry sauce, fresh (and big) blueberries and granola.I will always be a loyal patron of Rise and Shine for the delicious food and for Steve and his caring/attentive staff. Keep up the good work.
5	Absolutely amazing!!! Great service and even better food! Huge, home made delicious portions. Very family friendly. Manager is great! We have a 2 yr old and they go out of their way to make every trip fun. Vegas needs more places like this! One of the best breakfast places in town.
4	Arrived at 10:45 on Sunday for breakfast with my gal pal.  Surprised by the short wait.  We got a junky table right next to the open door with frigid gusts coming through.  We asked to be moved and were reseated in a nice booth within 5 minutes. Crisis averted.Good coffee.  We just got the plain ole, plain ole instead of the french press, and it was good.I decided, since the name says "a steak and egg place," I should probably order steak and eggs.  So, I ordered the "ultimate," a ribeye (my fave cut), 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and sourdough. $12.95.  The steak was cooked perfectly and nicely seasoned.   The hashbrowns were good.  A nice rustic style different from your average frozen shredded hashbrown.  Eggs were cooked perfect as well, just needed salt and pepper.  Easy to add. No complaints.My gal pal ordered the steak and chilaquiles.  They were very tasty, and quite a portion! I cleverly coerced her into ordering the cinnamon bread so we could share.  It was good.  However; not sweet like I had anticipated.  The restaurant is super cute.  Decor is charming.  Menu is cluttered and overwhelming.  The service was excellent.  Offered to refill our coffee 3-4 times, allowed us planty of time to chat.  Didn't rush us.We had a lovely breakfast and I would go back anytime!  I would give it five stars if they had additional offerings such as lattes, cappucinos, bloody mary's and mimosas.  Necessary breakfast beverages in my book.$33 for two coffees and 2two breakfasts.  $19 each with tip.
5	This is the first time that my family (mom and dad included) came here to eat....and on a Sunday no less (the busiest day to eat out for breakfast).We rolled up around 11:30-11:45 and there was a wait (again...it is to be expected on a Sunday)...it was all good because it was a lovely day out and we sat in some chairs outside and chit chatted. Before we knew it the hostess called us up.Carlene was our server and she was not only gorgeous but as pleasant as could be. She got our drinks quick (definitely recommend the fresh squeezed OJ because its just that...fresh squeezed) and was quick to accommodate my son who changed his mind at the last minute. She said she understood and she had 3 kids of her own . The monkeys got their usual french toast, I got the yogurt parfait, dad got the cheeseburger and mom got the eggs and hash brown plate (she subbed tomatoes instead of potatoes). Everyone was happy as little neck clams. The only thing was we waited a bit (and I mean just a little bit) longer for our food but it was really no big deal because they were so busy and it was a Sunday after all.Steve, the manager, came by to say hello and meet my family. He really is a class act and knows how to treat guests. We even got to give a shout out to his wife over the phone. Such a lovely breakfast...keep up the great work. Thanks Carlene and Steve for being so cool :)
4	The reviews here seem to cover the bases pretty well, so I will only add the key points.   Foremost. this restaurant should seriously consider adding a newspaper machine outside or sell newspapers inside.  It seems like that is a must for any breakfast place.  Also, the prices are a little more expensive than I would expect, especially for a local neighborhood joint.  Overall its a good breakfast.
4	This past weekend, my wife and kids met a close family friend here for breakfast. Thankfully, there was no waiting for a table to accommodate 5. Our friend ordered the bangers, which are British sausages. he's from England and really loved them, so much that he called a fellow Briton to eat at this place while he was eating with us. We also ordered the steak and eggs combo, spinach cheese omelet and 3 kid's 1-2-3 breakfasts. overall, the omelet was great, my Steak was so tender and was no the typical chewy steak one always gets for a breakfast steak. The only issue we had was the warm syrup bottle they provided. It wools not pour out, so the hostess seeing we were having problems, took the bottle and returned it minus the pouring spout that is normally in the syrup bottle. When my son's friend started to pour the syrup, there was a problem again with no syrup flowing. Then all of a sudden a stick of cinnamon came out and with it a big pour of syrup. So be careful if this happens to you! While the portions are huge, the pricing can add up fast. For our 5 items ordered plus 2 coffees, 3 soft drinks and 1 chocolate mile, the bill pre tip was approx. $67. if the pricing was a little less, I would definitely be eating here more frequently. Lastly, the bussers are all wearing shirts that request that you "Yelp" your dining experience, since they don't appear to be handing out the grading sheet anymore.
3	I have been here twice, the first time it was amazing, my husband ordered the New York steak, spinach & benedict bagel and I had the country fried steak and eggs. The pot of bread was delicious! Service was great and didn't disapoint. The second time was a different story, it was a beautiful morning so my husband and I decided to eat outside. Bad choice, it took the waitress at least 15 minutes to come and get our drink order, which by that time we already knew what we wanted to eat so we were ready to place our order, however she wasn't ready to take it. ummm...ok.... She came back with our drinks and then took our order. They were out of the pot of bread which was really dissapointing as that was one of the reasons why I wanted to go back there, my husband ordered the spiced rubbed rib eye steak chilaquiles and I had the ham and eggs benedict. His order was ok, the steak was great however my eggs benedict was utterly dissapointing! One egg was poached perfectly and the other was basically a fried hard boiled egg! I have NEVER seen that before. The waitress was nice enough to take it back and bring me a brand new dish. By then it was a little too late. It wasn't just our table that had issues but other tables as well. We even witnessed one of the hostesses ask another customer who had been waiting for a table for 45 minutes if they would like to continue waiting or if they would like to leave. Why would a hostess even ask that? If they were still waiting wouldn't that mean they want to stay? Most of the staff were wearing shirts asking customers to write a review on yelp, my husband and I were thinking that they should take those shirts off. They were not having a great day!I may give them another try only for thier pot of bread.....
5	Excellent food, great service, and great uniforms (they go to work in their pj's)!
5	Me and my girlfriend just got back from Las Vegas this past weekend and tried new food spots we never did. We decided to try the Rise and Shine place that was near my friends house that lives in LV. Wait time was only 10 mins or less for us and our waitress was very helpful (which everyone seems like there). My girlfriend got the corned beef and hash (around $10), and she loved it because of its authenticity of real corned beef. I got the steak and eggs ($12) because I figured that is what they're known for. I got the medium rare steak and it was so juicy that I did not need steak sauce, only tobasco. Great portions for its price. Only downfall is that there are other steak and eggs spots in LV that are only $3.99. But I guess this is quantity and quality in the same time from my opinion.
4	Hard night at the bar? Looking for a real breakfast that has not been sitting under a heat lamp? Well Rise and Shine is the perfect place, awesome service, french press, and great chicken fried steak, need I say more? But have taken bites of the french toast from my wife plate and it delicious as well. A must for those like myself that enjoy a great breakfast
4	A cute, locally owned brunch and lunch establishment that serves good food. Living in Southern Highlands is great, but I have to admit that the community is detached from many places. The area was in need of a brunch place and I'm glad Rise & Shine filled that void. My family was immediately greeted and promptly seated. We got our orders and food quick. Selection and prices were reasonable. I ordered corned beef hash and eggs with a pot of bread. I've never heard of a pot of bread so I ordered it. What came was a dinner and cinnamon roll baked together served in a pot and it was served with jam and butter. Surprisingly good and I wanted more! Service was extremely friendly and attentive. Our waitress was clad in pjs and TOMS. Stylishly comfy and charitable. We left satisfied and will come back.,
3	Being a huge fan of breakfast food, I wish that I could say I loved this place and that I'm excited to go back, especially since it's locally owned. But, unfortunately that isn't the case. he service was great. We were greeted right away and seated. Soon after someone took our drink orders [they serve illy coffee!]. Soon after, our waitress came up to see if we had any questions. I'm on a mission to find the best chicken fried steak in Las Vegas, so it was an easy choice when I saw it on their menu. I'll admit, once the food came out and I saw my order, I wanted to drool a little bit. It was a nice big portion of the chicken, scrambled eggs, gravy, & hash browns. The eggs were cooked well enough, but lacked any taste whatsoever. A little salt would've gone a long way. The hash browns seemed a little undercooked. Potato was still kind of starchy, and they were missing that nice golden brown color on top. The gravy was actually quite good, and was probably the highlight of the dish. Moving on to the main item, the steak. I liked the fact that it was a thick steak with a thin batter on it. Unlike the eggs, it did not lack in flavor whatsoever. Unfortunately, the ONLY flavor it had was of black pepper. Apparently what they lacked in salt in the eggs, they made up for with an excessive amount of black pepper on the coating of the steak and on the steak. One of my fellow diners ordered the chicken & waffles. His chicken had the same exact problem as my steak. All we could taste was the black pepper. It's unfortunate really, because both the chicken and steak were tender and cooked well. The pot of bread that came with my order was sub-par. Like the eggs, it lacked taste. I don't usually like to but butter on my rolls, but this bread definitely needed it to get some flavor. So, all in all - great service but lacked a bit in the food department. The food was cooked well, but needed better execution in my opinion. Hopefully, I just went on an off day. Maybe next time, if I so happen to be on that side of town during breakfast hours I might give it another chance. But it's definitely not worth another 20 minute drive for the sole purpose of eating there.
5	Delicious!! Really nice waitress (dressed in PJs) and good service. I ordered a short stack with bangers and my friend got the infamous chicken and waffles. Both were great and we totally finished it all. I highly recommend their pancakes--crisp around the edges, fluffy in the middle. Thin but not too thing. Their bangers were delish too, I'm pretty sure they were in a natural casing. The chicken was tender and spiced just right.  I highly recommend this place!
5	Still one of the best breakfast spots in town in my humble opinion. Steve the manager, the whole staff (today we had April and she was still top notch)are all truly delightful people. There isn't much new to report other than you need to try this place out if you haven't yet. You will love the cozy atmosphere, great food and super friendly staff.
5	This is hands down my favorite place to go for breakfast. Everything is flawless. From the adorable bright, comfy, clean decor to the friendly staff and you guessed it amazing food! I am an eggs benedict fan - and they most certainly take the cake with their selections of eggs benedict and NY steak. I have dined at Rise and Shine about 3 times, usually after the morning rush and was always pleased with the service. Did I mention the fresh homemade lemonade!? GO!
5	The management is the best advertisement because he is friendly, humorous, and attentive. Another place were listening to someone speak about food with excitement. I love a place that does that, then genuinely seeks out customers opinion. I admire when people refuse to allow themselves to become complacent with a good menu. Besides the gentleman that greeted and seated us, the rest of the staff were also pleasant. Today was my birthday and it was a fitting place to celebrate. Although most of the festivities will be tomorrow, this relaxing brunch made my day. When I think of festive eats, I go all out. I had ordered the chicken and waffle. When I first cut into the waffle, I was a bit disappointed. It lacked the crunch that I normally love, but after thinking it over, I can understand why they lean towards this style. The chicken is moist, crispy and seasoned to perfection. Having a more cake like waffle gives contrast in texture and soaks up the maple syrup better. You will be dousing your dish in this warm condiment. It is outstanding. The maple syrup alone deserves five stars. The steak and eggs are also delectable. The 8oz cut is marbled well with just enough fat to keep the meat moist and tender. The eggs have a clean flavor that does not need any salt. The potatoes were soft like mashed potatoes on the inside, but had a crunchy outer layer that was nice. Nothing on this plate needed ketchup or steak sauce. We ordered the pot of bread with this meal and it was gone just as soon as it hit the table. The jam was filled with huge chunks of strawberries, but was quite sweet.Rise and Shine would be perfect if only it offered some lighter fares. On special occasions, like today, I am willing to go crazy on my caloric intake.  Yet a part of my subconscious will not let this go without guilt. I am not even Catholic, so what's with this overbearing feeling? It might be some time before I visit again.
4	Unbeknownst to us, we walked in 15 min before closing.  I asked when they were shutting down because it was late afternoon and was informed that the doors closed at 3 BUT they were insistent that we please come in and enjoy ourselves.  We even heard shouts from the kitchen for us to come in and sit down.Our server told us to take all the time we need and we never once felt like we were keeping anyone from going home.  Our experience was super relaxed.  The management was incredibly accommodating and pleasant.The food we delicious and very much to our liking.  The only reason I didn't not give a 5 out of 5 stars was because I thought the portion for my corned beef hash and eggs was a little light for the price.  Other than that we were extremely happy with the food and will be coming back again!
2	I wish this place had better service, they are so out of sync every time I've been here?! The hostesss/cashier can still barely operate the cash register after 6 months and forget about greeting you as you stand at the podium waiting to put in your name. The owner seems nice enough but he's always playing bus boy and he's not very good at. There can be be 20 people waiting and 5 tables will be empty but everybody is focused on cleaning one. Food was really good the first time and has been consistently worse as time has passed. I was hoping they would work out the kinks but that doesn't seem to be the case. It's really a shame as Southern Highlands needs every restaurant they can get. Seems like the crowd has died down as well so others must feel the same as me.
5	Immediately walking into Rise & Shine we were greeted by the smell of cinnamon...the interior is delightful, and the staff is amazing!  This is mine and my husband's second time here..we brought his brother to show off the abundance of food served and the delectible flavors!  Our server April was genuinely nice and friendly.  I ordered the short stack which I didn't finish because it was more like a full stack!  They were all very attentive, never had an empty glass.  By far the nicest staff and the most delicious food!  My husband and I plan to make this place a ritual in our weekly outings!
4	I have wanted to try this place since I saw it in the Review of the Day.  My wife and I decided to head over this past Saturday and we were not disappointed.  The Pot of Bread was delicious along with the jam and butter.  I ordered Chicken Fried Steak and my wife ordered Eggs Benedict.  The Chicken Fried Steak was big and very fried but as I told my wife, you gotta know what you're getting into when you order something called 'Chicken Fried'.  It was very good and for once my over-easy eggs were actually over-easy at a restaurant and not over-runny-raw-and-gross!  I have never been a fan of Eggs Benedict but I did my usual 'cleaning of my wife's plate' after she couldn't eat anymore.  Wow, was it good!  There was tons of ham and it was sliced perfectly!  The Hollandaise (which is the reason I don't like Eggs Benedict) was actually very good and I would even considering ordering it if I went here again.  Service was great!  Very friendly waitress/staff who seemed happy to be working.  Even though this place is a ways from our house I can say with confidence that we will go back for more!
5	Chicken fried steak, the best I've had in Vegas so far! Crispity, crunchity, tenderty n tasty. Sourdough toasted perfectly, (you be surprised how many places mess up the toast) whipped butter (awesome) n strawberry preserve come with it.Gonna have to try the steak n eggs next! This place is solid! $$ but worth it
4	Cute room with a bunch of umbrellas hanging from the ceiling and pajammied waitrons.  Good breakfast joints are few and far between in Vegas.  In LA every neighborhood has a cool little local breakfast place.  Vegas has Mimi's Cafe and Hash House a NoNo (aka the worst restaurant on earth).  Blecch.Anways, the food was hit or miss, mostly hit.  My eggs and potatoes were great, seasoned well, fresh and not greasy.  The chicken fried steak was gnarly, however.  They've got their fryer turned up to high.  It was greasy and overcooked and the breading looked like dogfood.Overall this place is a 3.5.  We'll round up to 4 for the good service and cool concept...
5	Good food, fun atmosphere. The servers wear pajamas. And people are constantly checking to make sure everything is OK. If it were cheaper, I'd be there all the time. But I don't suppose quality is cheap. You've got to try the 'pot of bread'. Just sayin'.
5	Great breakfast place for those who live in Southern Highlands area because eggworks is far away and the portions are adequate. They have a good amount of room for accommodation and the restaurant itself is also clean. All tables and even the bar have alot of condiments available. I ordered the steak there and would definitely go back to try to fried steaks, omelets and salads that are on the menu!
5	I have been wanting to try this place and was not disappointed.  The food was made to order perfectly, brought in a timely, friendly manner and was proportionately perfect for the price! I recommend this little place to everyone.  Great brunch menu! Awesome breakfast menu! I can't wait to try everything on the menu!  We came in at almost closing and were there up til close and we were treated with respect and kindness!  Love this place.  I wish the fancy shmancy restuaraunts were even close to the friendliness of this place! way to go! we need more here!
3	Great little breakfast place in the southern highlands area.  Had steak and eggs was cooked perfect  all the food at the table was awesome.
5	Again this will be short and sweet. I love coming here because my monkeys and I feel like family. I brought a fellow yelper (YAY Mackalicious!) to see what I was bragging about and he felt the exact same way. We love you Steve and crew. Will be back soon for more breakfast goodness.
5	Sometimes I think I shouldn't write reviews about the places I like because I'd rather keep it a secret.  But in these hard times I'd like the places I love to stay busy enough to survive.Finally a breakfast spot for Southern highlanders.  I'm tired of having to drive miles just for a decent breakfast.I can't say that I am blown away by the decor or the service.  Heck, there was even a 30 minute wait to get in.  If I were rating on that alone I'd give out an average score of three stars.  The saving grace of this place live behind the counter.  Those cooks are doing a great job and I hope they get paid well.My girlfriends french toast was the best she's had in Vegas so far.  It didn't even need any syrup on it.  It was just delicious.  My steak looked like your average steak, but let me tell you, it is hard to find a place that can cook a steak just right.  Normally, you go into a busy restaurant and the steak comes out either over cooked or damn near raw; however, this place was jam packed with people and my steak came out cooked just how I ordered it.  It was even seasoned well.  No A1 required.  I haven't had a steak this good at a restaurant in years!So go check this place out.  It has all the normal favorites made better then most places you'll eat at.
5	As a frequent visitor of Las Vegas, I don't know how I could've possibly missed this super awesome and delicious eatery!!My friends and I had arrived into Las Vegas, and I just just arrived from New York, while my friends were recovering from a long night, and we were clueless as to where to go for some good lunch/breakfast.  We yelped on our phones, and when we came across chicken and waffles, we thought well, could they possibly be better than Roscoes?  Well, let me tell you...The Staff & ServiceImpeccable, supremely dedicated to customers, and so friendly, I thought I was in another planet!  Seriously, everyone's smiling, and so welcoming.  Customer service is super important to me because I work in this field, and when I don't receive supreme customer service, I ain't happy!! We didn't know what to order, so we asked the nice waitress, and with her recommendations, my friends and I ordered our dishes.  She gave us enough time to order, and she was spot on with her recommendations.  To summarize this area, the word to be used is: perfect!Rating:  5 out of 5The FoodMy friend and I ordered the original Chicken & Waffles.  Let me tell you...it's far better than Roscoe's.  The fried chicken wasn't dry--just perfect and crispy.  The waffle was delicious--no flaws for sure.  The portions were just about right--I was super hungry so I ate it all.My other friend ordered the Rib-Eyed Chilaquiles.  The steak was juicy, and the chips that were layered beneath the steak was to die for. The "pot of bread" was a first for me.  It was delicious--not too sweet like cinnamon buns, but just perfect.   Rating:  5 out of 5OverallI will most definitely be returning to this restaurant from now on, every time I visit Las Vegas.  This would be place for me to get a hearty breakfast without a doubt.Rise and Shine: If y'all are reading this, thank you for your awesome and delicious meal!  You guys are awesome!!
5	What a concept! Steak and Eggs used to be a once in awhile treat because of the price (usually) and the calories (who cares now...!)! But, at Rise and Shine, it is BEYOND delicious, portions are just right, and the price is right! The servers are dressed in Jammies, they have Illy coffee (French Press too if you like and I highly recommend it!) fun cinnamon bread in flower pots as a choice of bread (NOT to be confused with a cinnamon roll - it is not sticky sweet like that. More like Cinnamon toast - you can put butter and jam on it). They have Chilaquilles, which my hubby who loves SW cuisine/flare, was just in love with . The perfect hint of heat, great flavor on his steak - "Baby, most places just don't season their steaks anymore... this is perfect!" was the comment that I got, and let me tell you, my hubby is Picky with a capital "P"! definitely recommend going early. We went at 8am after dropping a friend off at the airport and by 845am there was a wait already (on Father's Day). Love it Love it Love it and will definately be back!
5	this is by far the best breakfast and lunch place in las vegas right now. We eat there almost once a week great atmosphere and food
2	I really wanted to like this place after all of these great reviews and the look of the menu but Rise and Shine fell short of my expectations. I have to say that the atmosphere was nice and we were seated very quickly. The waitress took our drink orders immediately and the service started off great. I was vey excited that they served Illy coffee being a huge coffee fanatic but they ruined a terrific bean and rather expensive one by burning it. This is by far the worst cup of Illy i've ever had. The menu look fantastic and my wife ordered the croissant French toast with blue berries and I had the chicken fried steak. The French toast was nothing like advertised and actually should of been called bread pudding since the consistency was equivalent. The mound of fresh blueberries on top was a nice touch. The wife was not to thrilled about the dish probably because mentally she was prepared for something else, I thought it was just okay. My country fried steak was disappointing , extremely chewy with bits of tendons everywhere, the gravy was good and the hash browns was the best part of the dish. Dont be fooled about the picture of the pot of bread, although it appears fancy, it had no taste and was cold. I will give this place another shot someday but not anytime soon.
5	NOTE: This is a long review but they deserve all the attention. BELIEVE ME. If you are in Vegas, it is worth the drive off the strip to eat here. You will probably be stuck in line at those buffets anyways so use that time to drive here. First of all I want to thank, April, our waitress. She was great! Also, I wanted to thank Yelp for helping me find this place. It is a hidden Gem outside the Vegas Strip. This place IS the BEST breakfast place in Vegas. Customer Service: 5 stars - everyone is super friendly with big smiles. The manager does come around and sees how everyone is doing.Atmosphere/decor: cute and very clean. Also in the back of everyone's T-shirts except the waitresses, its say, "help us by Yelping us" or something like that. I thought that was really cute and they found out I was a Yelp Elite. LOLFood: 1000 STARS!! I really love this place. We called ahead to see if they take reservations but they don't. But I understood when I got there. Luckily when we went on Sunday morning, it wasn't packed and we got seated right away. The prices is decent for what you get. It was $50 for a group of 4. If you went to IHOP you would have paid MORE and got crappy food. I saw some reviews saying how it is a bit expensive, when you think about it, Denny's and IHOP is about the same if not more. For steak at those places it would be MINIMUM $20 per place. Here - LESS then $15! that is a STEAL! Okay, since I got all that out of my way, here is what we ordered:-Chicken and Waffles with Pot of Bread - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/C9ImzBi5fn742ZcAYDww2A?select=4aw7W0owSbC7V9Zxa8T96whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/C9ImzBi5fn742ZcAYDww2A?select=AR6qplqPO_OJC4aye5xbTQThe Pot of Bread was AMAZING! MUST ORDER!! Honestly, it was the best bread I ever had. It came out piping hot and just perfect. It wasn't too sweet but wasn't plain. The bread was very fresh and soft. The chicken and Waffles was very yummy! The portion was REALLY big and enough to share. I was very impressed with the chicken. It wasn't dry at all and was perfectly crispy. It had a small kick of spice in it and it was perfect. The Waffles was nice and fluffy. I am not a Waffle fan but I LOVED IT! honestly fell in love with this place. -The ULTIMATE Steak and Egg Breakfast: the steak came out perfectly well seasoned and very tender. I loved it. It was just delicious. The Hash browns potatoes that came with it was a bit soggy. We thought it would come out more crispy then soft.-New York Steak, Spinach & Benedict-Bagel - I didn't order it but I had a piece. It was delicious also! The Spinach went really well with the steak. Thank you Rise and Shine for the great experience. I will be back every time I go to Vegas. I just wished you opened up another one over here in Southern California. That would be a GREAT investment.
5	Fabulous food, generous portions, and friendly service. The decor and personality of this place is refreshing. A place I'd visit again and again.
5	I LOVE breakfast! And Rise & Shine far exceeded my expectations that fellow yelpers have laid out for me. Thank you once again Yelp for showing me a true gem in this hot, chain ridden unforgiving desert. Now on to the details...At first glance Rise & Shine looks to be a very small nook of a restaurant at the corner of a nice new strip mall in Southern Highlands. And that's pretty much what it is. But don't let looks deceive you! This small nook has so much to offer. We were greeted by a tall gentleman in a blue striped shirt who sat us promptly at a booth facing the open kitchen. It almost seemed as if he was welcoming us into his home, so I assumed it was his establishment in some form or another. Our server followed to take our drink order, and say hi to the little mama, and we decided on the French Press Illy coffee (do not pass this up!) and some waters. She returned very quickly with our own personal French press, two mugs, a sand timer with three strengths, and some real cream (hallelujah). She explained the timer, took our order of Steak Chilaquiles, a Spinach Swiss Avocado Omelet, and two pots of bread, and whisked away in her cute paisley pjs. The coffee was divine after letting steep until just after the yellow timer ran out, then pressing with much anticipation... fresh, aromatic, strong!, and ours to pour as we wished. The pots of bread came out first as little mama was hungy, and was getting antsy, and the three of us shared in a blissful pulling and devouring of the light fluffy just barely there cinnamon bread with fresh jam and real butter. I could have eaten five of those pots by myself!Then came our meals. I wish I could have taken pictures, but they lasted a whole millisecond after our server set them down before we dove in like hungry hyenas. The smell of fresh ingredients was overwhelming, and we were all foaming at the mouth!Hubby's Steak Chilaquiles were unreal. Fresh tortilla chips smothered in refried beans and a slightly spicy sauce, with cheddar and cotija cheeses, then topped with two over medium eggs and avocado, and a whole dinner sized rib eye steak that was PERFECTLY seasoned, with a side of salsa and sour cream. Heaven! My omelet, while simple and unassuming, was perfection. Not too overly huge as some omelets in this town can be, not too overloaded with cheese, or grease from cheap cheese (uck!), but beautifully fluffy and balanced, topped with creamy green avocado. Fabulous! The potatoes were fantastic, and again perfectly seasoned, and didn't even need ketchup or hot sauce (as I usually drench restaurant taters in). Each plate was accompanied by a fresh fruit stack of strawberries pineapple and oranges, which little mama enjoyed so much, the tall man in the blue striped shirt came by and offered her more of, which she gleefully took and crammed more in her sweet face. All in all, this place was so pleasing, it is now our favorite breakfast joint in town hands down. We will be returning (more than likely next weekend!), often! Hurray YELP!
5	We have eaten here twice so far and both times our meals were excellent. The staff is super friendly and the service is top notch. The first time I was there I got the steak and eggs with the pot of bread. I absolutely loved the hash browns. The second time I got an egg white omelette with spinach, avocado and salsa.  The salsa is delicious. Overall, this place is a great value with delicious food and wonderful service. A++
4	food is always great and good service. perfect place to start your day...try the french press coffee!
5	Finally I got to try this place. We walked in and the friendly service sat us down to enjoy the the beautifully decorated place. Everything from the pot of bread to my own customized omelet was amazing. I would highly recommend Rise & Shine to anyone who likes quality food and great service. Now I need to go back to try lunch!;)
5	Refreshing change of pace over all the other local breakfast spots!The decor, atmosphere, service, and food are all top notch.  You'll read many reviews raving about the flower pots of bread and their Chilaquiles and Steak and you definitely won't be dissapointed.This is definitely my new favorite breakfast spot and you just get a much more alive vibe than the Egg Works, Egg and I, Pancake House, and other breakfast competitors.These reviews are spot on about the quality of service and food.  This place is truly a gem and you should definiltely check it out!
4	I love it when locally owned and operated restaurants survive in LV.   The place is absolutely cute with their huge flowers spinning from the ceiling and the servers in their pajamas.  This is one of my favorite spots to do breakfast on the weekends.   Everyone I bring here raves about the place too.  The food is really good.  Some of the notable things I've had here include: - Chicken Fried Steak (Thick and delicious gravy.  Steak might be a little too thickly battered.  Feel a little guilty eating it =)  Tasty hash browns on the side)- Two Egg Breakfast (Think grand slam, but much tastier!  Not crazy about the kielbasa, so I'll stick with the sausage or bacon next time)- Corned Beef Hash (Not like the smushy corned beef - its "real"!)- Southwest Turkey Panini (Panini's here seem like a good option for lunch!)- And always get their cute little pot of bread! (A light and fluffy Cinnamon roll - Yum!) Like everyone else says, the service here is good.  Always kind with a smile.  I wouldn't say the food is OMG, but its solid.  Prices might be a tiny bit on the more expensive side, but I think it's worth it for the lovely experience
4	Great family eatery.  Cool decor, tasty food for us and the kids and our waitress was awesome (April).  Will definitely return and take out of towners for a treat.  I might even wear my pajamas.
4	Uhm, what? There's, actually, a yummy place near my house?The waffles are gigatic. Not scary Man vs. Food gigantic but, definately better tasting than Hash House a Go Go, iHop, Denny's, even Egg and I. Their potatoes hash is really good. Not mushy and spiced just right.The steak was made perfect. Moist but, over done like South Point's steak.Super excited that they serve my favorite coffee ever-in-life: Illy. Yessss, ILLY IS ILL!Love that the waitresses are all in pajamas; and the decor is just bright and makes u wanna wake up in the morning! --- I mean, besides the fact that I'm a morning person and all.I have yet to try their lunch which has rave reviews, too.All in all thankful to eat something other than McDonald's egg mcmuffins in the morning =)
3	Took my Mom here for breakfast about a week ago. We shared French Toast and I added eggs and bacon. The French toast was absolutely delicious, the eggs cooked perfectly (over medium) and bacon was tasty - but limp and not crispy at all. Our food came super fast, along with the food came our check and a partial refill of my coffee that was still 2/3 full. The server never came back after that, and we sat there for at least 20 more minutes. I would've liked at least one refill of my coffee, and I kept thinking she'd come back - but never did. I hate it when they bring your check with your food, how do they know you wouldn't like something else? The guy at the counter we paid the bill to was really friendly, I expected him to ask how everything was - but he didn't. Oh well. The food was good, so I'd like to give them 4 stars, but the service left a lot to be desired. It could have been a fluke, but I'm just not sure I was blown away enough to give them another chance. There are too many other great breakfast places around to choose from.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great service! I had the Texas Toast Style French Toast and it was delicious! I can't wait to go back and try something new next time. Their menu had anything you could ever want for breakfast and SO much more! I would definitely recommend Rise & Shine!
5	My wife and I went to Rise & Shine for breakfast today, first time trying it. INCREDIBLE. Wonderful chilaquiles with scrambled eggs and a ribeye steak for me, an omelette and bacon-wrapped steaks for her. Extremely impressed. Best chilaquiles I've ever had. Perfect service, too - fast and friendly.They have  Illy French press coffee, fresh-squeezed OJ, outside seating available, not too pricey, CERTAINLY not when you consider the generous portions and high quality of the ingredients. We'll be back a LOT.
4	Had the "ultimate" steak n eggs as they call it... It wasn't the BEST I've had but good, it may need more flavor, it kinda had a burnt coal taste? Eggs n hash browns up to par, I ordered side of country gravy for my biscuit and it was a bit bland, needs more sausage grizzle in there or salt... Either way it should be savorrrrrrrry to the tongue....Service good as usual... Lisa was very nice.I will have to stay with the chicken fried steak as the winner here.... Next time it's flapjacks to try! C
3	Food was excellent! I had the chicken and waffles again with a biscuit instead of pot of bread. I really enjoyed the biscuit and as cute as the pot of bread is, it does not top that fluffy biscuit. My daughters pancakes were the one of the most flavorful pancakes I have ever had! It was better than the waffle! The chicken was good not excellent like before. It was still juicy and flavorful but I feel like it needed to be cooked at a higher temp so in between the chicken and crust it isn't soft. But if I never had the other one last time I would have still loved this one, it was just so perfect last time and now it was a tiny tiny bit off of perfect! That is still very good.      I did have a downer this time service from my server. She was inattentive and kind of blah. She forgot my biscuit which is no big deal but she seemed I don't know indifferent about giving good service. After she dropped check she never came back or even looked our direction. I was sitting there waiting for her to come back because I needed a box and then she sat down. (I had a plate full of food so I don't understand why she thought i was done or didn't need a box) She never even filled up my water again the manger did and he ended up getting me a box. And the bus boy was helpful as well. In addition to all this she over charged me for my daughters pancakes, it was served plain or with fruit and she charged me for the fruit. I didn't say anything because she obviously was done with us and not coming back. And I just wanted to pay the bill and leave. Still left 20 percent it would of been more if she actually provided good service. I think I spotted my last server and was kind of jealous I ended up with mine. So all in all don't want to take away a star for her because i still enjoyed my food and the job was done. But the job was done not by the person I am tipping which makes or breaks your overall experience. So 2 and a half stars for my server ( not the rest IE Manager and bus boy) and 5 stars for food. So that's how I did the math on my experience this time. Oh and by the way they did leave a comment card on the table but I felt uncomfortable about saying bad things about her right at the table. I will be back but honestly will have to make sure I don't have her again.
5	After my last review where I gave them 3 stars based on my experience NOT FOOD which was so yummy, I felt compelled to update my review on this place. A manager from the restaurant contacted me via email and they were truly concerned and apologetic about the service I received. That to me says a lot about the integrity of a business. They truly care not only about delivering a superb product, but making sure that every customers experience is equally as superb! They definitely deserve 5 stars!! The food is excellent and there customer service is top notch and genuine. Anyone who has not eaten there definitely should, they are awesome and deserve your business and it is the best breakfast place in Las Vegas!!
5	I have some odd, unexplained affinity for brunch. Something about eating eggs yet not having to wake so early for them gets me excited. As much as I love brunch, my brother outshines me in this respect tenfold. Every time I leave the house for it or come home from it, he seems to always criticize my choice in restaurant - usually exclaiming "What about Rise & Shine? They're so much better". Well David S., I finally tried them, and jesus! Why didn't I listen to you before?A coworker and I decided to catch up over some brunch (she, too, shares my love for breakfast foods at normal people hours). After wavering in between this place and another establishment, we finally just took my brother's advice. The service was a bit slow at first, but was amazing once it picked up. Our waitress, Nicole (I believe that's her name) was so sweet and very attentive. Usually, I always gulp four glasses of water prior to the start of any meal. She was on top of her game - making conversation and filling our waters promptly.To the food, we had both ordered the Baked Blueberry Croissant French Toast. When it came out, I think we were both about to die. This dish is not for the faint of heart or those struck with blueberry indifference. Literally, the dish was unrecognizable underneath the mound of blueberries. What croissant are you talking about? If that wasn't enough, there's a ramekin of the same blueberry sauce on the side! Jesus. One bite in, and I was in love. The blueberry sauce, candied walnuts, and croissant were euphoric. Not overtly sweet, just tart enough, with the perfect crunch and nuttiness of the walnuts. The portion is perfect for the price. I ended up taking half of it home in order to both save my waistline and taunt my brother by affecting his.We had meandered a bit afterwards, inflicted with the pains of a food coma. Multiple people, other than our waitress, had stopped by for lively banter and to check up on the meal. Management was positively delightful - so genuinely sweet without any schmooze. Weeks later, I still feel somewhat guilty. Indulgence at its best is definitely what you'll find here. Unfortunately for me, the only occasion I can bring myself to come back here for will be my birthday - my waistline will thank me.
2	This is my third review of this restaurant. Unfortunately, I have to downgrade my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars and that is being very generous considering the reason why. Our server "Lisa" was fantastic, even helping us shim a broken table they slid next to another table in order to accommodate our party of five. The hostess saw the table was very wobbly but did nothing to fix it, she just sat us there. Our meal was great as always with the exception of my Dad's pastrami sandwich with fresh fruit. I sat across from him and could see something was wrong with one of the fresh grapes: it was white looking. Upon closer inspection, it had white fuzzy mold. After noticing that grape, I looked at all of the grapes and picked out three more moldy grapes. I spoke softly to Lisa to advise her of the potential health hazard the kitchen had and she stated she would advise the kitchen staff. From my vantage point, I did not observe the kitchen staff checking the container holding the cut fruit for other moldy fruit. Lisa thanked us for letting her know, but there was no mention of taking a few dollars off or comping my Dad's menu item or replacing the fruit. We filled out the comment cards which Lisa brought up to the hostess along with our credit card for payment. While i could not hear all of the conversation, I could see the hostess tell the owner about my moldy fruit comment. Not once did the owner approach our table to apologize or offer anything for presenting spoiled food. Giving the benefit of a doubt, of not knowing which table, since I did not include any contact information, they knew who the server was based on the comment card, so they could of asked our server which table had the problem. No attempt was made by the owner to do that either. he also gets an "F" on the comment card each time we visit, since we are never approached by him before, during or after our meal. At the price we are paying for our menu items, he does not seem genuinely interested in retaining local residents. Maybe he does not like minorities or biracial marriages. This last visit has us rethinking about ever eating here again.
5	Went there again this Sunday... got the bacon-wrapped tenderloins with Dijon-mustard Swiss Cheese and onion omelette and hash brown potatoes. Everything was again AWESOME, but I HAD to sign in to give special mention to the potatoes, which were nothing short of AMAZING. Crispy on the surface, kinda mashed in the middle, just ridiculous, I was laughing as I ate them, they were just SO GOOD.
5	This little establishment has been the best thing to happen to Southern Highlands since my family moved into the neighborhood more than three years ago.  Owner-Chef Jeffrey Fredericks and Manager Steve Bell (both formerly of Harrah's) have redefined traditional breakfast dishes like Eggs Benedict (ask for the baby spinach too) and the Sunday brunch by offering dog-friendly seating outside in the courtyard!  My family just loves it!All I can say is Welcome to the Neighborhood!
5	You walk in and think "Old Navy Commercial meets Mrs Buttersworth" but that's not necessarily bad. So you sit down and see the waitress' in pajamas-and you can't help but smile as even they are almost apologetic about the uniforms. But seriously if I could get my entire family to dress that way for breakfast I would! The menu is large and has a wide variety of items, the pop up breads in cute little pots caught my eye, when asked about them, the waitress was shocked I hadn't tried them and rushed one over to the table! It was scrumptious-as was everything else we tried!! My friend had the chicken and waffles-as I write this from my Atlanta based home-I must say it beat Gladys Knight  with an egg beater! I stuck to the basics and had pancakes, potatoes and bacon yummy! A few days later I brought my 3 year old back-and he had the steak and eggs (yes they have steak and eggs on the children's menu) and it was heaven! I love this place! And as a new vacation home owner in Southern Highlands I will be there often.
4	I just wish to post an update regarding my latest review which unfortunately discussed some potential health issues and shortcomings of service.  I can't update without giving a star rating.  So for now, I'll revert to my 4 star rating.I received a personal message from the new general manager, Davilan, who was very apologetic for the shortcoming of the restaurant.  He has assured me that that level of service throughout our visit was not acceptable and not at the level expected of staff  and has been addressed accordingly.My wife and I only expect to be treated as all the other guests, nothing more, nothing less.  In all fairness, and based upon the very timely response from Davilan after the review posted, my wife and I will return in the near future.  I'll keep you posted.
5	No complaints what so ever! Staff is amazing and very friendly. Food is very new & refreshing. the ' pot-o-bread' is adorable & very delish.Great place for families!
4	Consistently good food and friendly service.  Slightly pricey for your average breakfast, but we keep going back because it's good, and close by.
3	I want to emphasize something, dear eateries--cuteness doesn't make up for okay food.  I wanted to like this place a lot, not just for the cow and egg canvas on the wall or the spinning and standstill flower lights overhead.  I wanted to like this place for the simple fact that local eateries should be supported and loved dearly.  Although I love my local places, this one just fell a bit short on taste and overwhelmed me with portion size.  When you walk in to this place, it's like walking in to a freaky garden turned upside down.  I almost felt like I walked in to the Bug's Life section of California Adventure with the oversizes flowers above my head.  It's cute, though, and has plenty of seating.  The servers are friendly, but they aren't as attentive as they should be.  Although checking on us regularly, when we did want to hail one down it took about three minutes.My mother and I, after going through the sections of the menu--sandwiches, paninis, waffles, pancakes, specials, omelets, steak, etc.--We landed on two dishes that we felt were different-chilaquiles with salsa avocado and chicken with waffles.  We were excited and couldn't wait for the food to come over.  Thinking it was a regular portion size we even ordered a side of hash browns and bacon.  When the food arrived, however, it was unexpected.  The chilaquiles was actually nachos with eggs on top and half an avocado sliced on top.  IT wasn't that pleasant, although at first it seemed to taste okay.  The chips were soggy and were simply covered in salsa and cheese.  I couldn't see where the chilaquiles part came in at all, to be honest.  The after taste was strong.  The chicken was a breast beat out to what I believe was a chicken fried steak-like thing on top of waffles.  The problem with putting a UFO disc of boneless chicken breast on top of a soft waffle is the oil went in to the waffle a bit, but the heat between the two created condensation that made the waffle soggy.  The chicken was well seasoned, a bit too spicy for just fried chicken, but moist.  The portions, however, were enough to feed 6 people between the two dishes alone.  Still, it was okay.  I do have to emphasize that fried chicken and waffles should be the classic fried chicken pieces with a waffle, but that's just me.The hash browns weren't pleasant at all to me.  We did order it to have a crispy outside, and I assumed it would be either home fries type of hasbrowns or the typical shredded potato one.  It was..well..like a baked potato was roughly scooped out then patted in to a pancake like hashbrown thing.  They didn't season it either.  I gave it to my husband in a take away box with the leftovers so as not to waste it.  The bacon was nice, though.Overall, it was okay, and the restaurant is interesting, but I think that there are a few tweaks they need to make.  Then again, I'm one palette against a full restaurant, so maybe I need to try something different next time.  I do like them, and I hope that my next experience in six months will be a more tasty one.  Still, you should try this place for yourself.  In the end, I feel that a cute eatery cannot cover the the fact that it's oversized, just eh food.
5	OUTSTANDING FOOD AND SERVICE!! Great friendly neighborhood restaurant! Everything is yummy!! The ambiance is geat with jammies and hanging umbrellas. Potatoes are amazing with a hint of rosemary. The french toast- and I would recommend the addicting crunchy selection is always served with whipped butter and a bottle of warm syrup! The pot of bread with a touch of cinnamon is is offered with a spot of jam and whipped butter. A wonderful selection on their menu. They always wish to have your feedback for any improvement and the owner comes around to talk and ensure it is a pleasurable experience. Very personable. This is my first review and I eat out for almost every meal. Worth the time.. Hope you enjoy!!
5	Great food and Great service
5	I don't EVER get out of my downtown and China town bubble, but I was diggin on this chick that lives right around this place and we went there for breakfast one day. The outside doesn't make it look very appealing, but once inside the wait staff and management were super friendly and attentive to all of our needs. I ordered the chicken fried steak ( which was an actual breaded steak! ) the scrambled eggs and the pot of bread which were absolutely amazing!  I loathe going to the suburbs even for a hookup, but I would go that far this food. ( that says quite a bit about the food if I wouldn't drive there for a hookup, but I would drive there for this food)  I hope they open one close to downtown, so I can leave The Egg and I and go to this place!!!
2	Very poor service, this place used to be good.  I'm not impressed with the service or food.  I walked out this weekend after waiting over 25 min for table.
5	Loved my breakfast! Prepared just how I like it, good service & clean premises. I could do without the waitresses in their jammies, but that doesn't downgrade my rating. Thanks!
1	The service sucks here. The girl has no personality and she looks like she came to work in her pjs. The food was awful and it sucked. Definitely would not come back or recommend to anyone.
3	My panini was good... it was nothing special but my boyfriend loved the steak and eggs.  He ordered his steak medium-rare and it came out moo'ing but we were too hungry to send it back, the wait was atrocious.  They say that they are a "Steak and Egg" place so if you want variety, you're SOL.  On a good note, I loved the atmosphere, the staff wore pajamas and the decorations were so creative with the umbrellas and all.
4	Rise and Shine people....there is a new breakfast place in town!We arrived late for breakfast here a couple weeks back and had such a great time! The place itself is very family friendly looking, giggets on the walls and waitresses dressed in pjs. MY FAVORITE!They had really nice outdoor seating which is where we sat. Our group had already ordered but our waitress took our order promptly and was able to bring it out with our friends. AWESOME!We shared the corn beef hash and scrambled eggs but shared everyone elses food too. The food was good....not amazing...not to die for....but definitively worth our drive. Everything tasted good. I particularly liked the pancakes. Yum!Overall a great sunrise stop to fill your bellies before starting your day. Good service, good food and good prices. You should not leave unsatisfied. Rise and Shine....I sure did after eating my breakfast. YUM!
5	What better way to go to work than in Pajamas. Although the P.J.'s could use a little updated re-design, they have a fun little concept of their waitresses in their morning garb. A little more space in the place would be nice too, but as they grow, I am sure they will find additional space as time goes by. With that said, all little Mom & Pop establishments go through growing pains, and this little gem of a restaurant is no different.They have a very sweet waitress, Shannon that was very cordial and efficient the morning we all decided to check the place out. I'd heard of it through the typical Word of Mouth, and someone said that Shannon was new, but you would have never known it. Her sweet smile and service made the morning "bright," and the food was excellent and "fresh" and we really enjoyed the very very fresh squeezed orange juice that was just made as we sat down. Like any new restaurant, there will always been some snags and things won't always be perfect as I have seen some small complaints, but all in all this is a very charming, quaint and fun breakfast restaurant and the food is very good and very fresh. They really put out a good effort to do a good job and I'll definitely go back again and again!
5	The best breakfast ever!! Have to try the chicken and waffles !! Bread pots are yummy and steaks are tasty tasty!!
4	Chilaquiles were amazing! I have to respond to some of the Yelp reviews, first of all the one customer that was complaining about the Chilaquiles, do you even know what they are? The tortilla chips are supposed to be soft, they are soaked in enchilada sauce before making, and are made with eggs, it's a mexican breakfast dish. I thought they were so good. Next, the complaint about the chicken and waffles, my friend had them & they were equally good, the breast was tender and flavorful. I've been here a couple times and had a couple different items on the menu, I have never had anything disappointing. Customer service has always been top notch. Love the French press coffee and the pot of bread & fresh jam. They also have a patio, people bring their dogs, comfy table & chairs with umbrellas.
4	Came in here on a Sunday morning for brunch. My bff Ame and I were able to walk in without any wait. This restaurant is located in Southern Highlands, a super nice, relatively new neighborhood in Vegas. We each ordered the short stack of pancakes platter with the choice of bacon, banger sausages (what we both got), or turkey kielbasa and two eggs. We decided to get a side of tomatoes to get some veggies, as well as a pot of bread to try. I also ordered a cup of coffee (they brew ILLY coffee - THE BEST!).I had no idea what a pot of bread was, so this was the best way I could describe it: It's like a cinnamon bun, without being sweet, and served with preserves. I thought it was delicious and appreciated that it wasn't terribly sweet. Also, it comes in a little flower pot. SO adorable. Also, our waitress was kinda amazing. One of the nicest servers I'd ever seen in Vegas. She kinda reminded me of Shania Twain (random I know). She seriously kicked ass, and did a great job of taking care of us. Just a couple of minor things I would have Rise And Shine work on:-My banger sausages (DELISH) were warm but not hot-The prices here are a little more expensive A few things on my list to try next time:-2 cup French Press Illy coffee-Steak and Eggs -- this is their signature dish-Hash Browns - seems like everyone had this and I had major food envy
5	Food and coffee were sooooo good!  I had the eggs Benedict but wanna come back and try their namesake steak & eggs!  I totally need to bring Rick here!
5	Everyone writes reviews of places they love. I've written plenty about how much I love Rise And Shine here in Las Vegas. Well, you learn WAY MORE when things DON'T go perfectly: This Sunday, my wife and I were seated at "that" table. Y'know, the mystical spot where ONE waiter thinks it's the other waiter's, and the other one thinks it's the OTHER waiter's. Consequently, we waited 10 minutes with no greeting at all, and watched later arrivals on both sides get attention while we were ignored. Right around the time we were thinking "Let's get outta here", the hostess (Shannon) came over, and with true concern told us that she had noticed we had been waiting, and wanted to help. She took our order herself, gave us a 2-for-1 coupon, and brought us our food herself... then she checked back TWICE during our meal to make sure everything was OK, checked us out promptly while mentioning that she recognized my wife and I as "regulars", and was extremely pleasant and made friendly conversation, introduced herself and asked our names, and again took great care to apologize for the delay. All I was thinking was "WOW". Look, I GOTTA testify, their food is good enough to treat people like dirt and still succeed - the fact that they care so much makes it a NO-BRAINER. I've  trained Customer Service for a living for over 26 years, I know what I'm looking at -  Thank you, Shannon, thank you, Rise And Shine!
4	My favorite breakfast spot in South Las Vegas. Super cute dining room with upside down parasols that dangle from a high ceiling. The dining room is spacious so you don't feel like you're in your neighbors' conversation. Good Italian coffee but the refills are a little slow.Food is really good. Yes, the potted bread is cute and yummy. I had two the last time I was there. It's gimmicky but I'll bite.The chilaquiles has a nice twist with seasoned tortilla chips. Doritos maybe?I love this place and it's theme. Now if I can just get the servers to shuffle a little faster with refills and extra plates when requested.... I think their wait staff is either inexperienced or half asleep. I keep going back though in hopes that they'll improve to match the food.
5	Perfect breakfast... Perfect service, quaint, clean restaurant. I simply can't recommend this place enough.
4	A fresh and tasty blend of mexican and american breakfast fare with a cute interior that defies it's boring strip-mall exterior.  Try the bread pot side, a lightly sweetened cinnamon bun served in a hot terra-cotta pot.   It's the perfect destination for those returning to Southern California because it's about 10miles south of the strip and 1.5 miles off the 15 freeway.
4	I was in the mood to try a new place for breakfast and I checked Yelp and found this place.  It's a good distance from where I live, but why not drive a little to get a great breakfast, and that's just what happened.I like it so much when menus are posted online and I had already chosen the breakfast I was going to get.  When it came time to order, I took my server's recommendation and ordered the rib eye steak chilaquiles.  I chose the pot of bread instead of toast or biscuit.  The bread was good, but I wish it had more cinnamon.  That would have made it and outstanding breakfast accompaniment.The main action was the spice rubbed rib eye steak--there was a small amount of rub flavoring--and it was done rare just the way I ordered it.  For the eggs, I got over easy which was put on top of the refried beans and chips of the chilaquiles.  The cotija cheese added so much flavor!  The eggs were topped with sliced avocado.  Very nice presentation.My server, sorry I didn't note the name, was quite good.  The restaurant is not large and when I was leaving around 9:30, there was a wait for tables.  I think I'll go back sometime and get my original choice and compare the two!  I am glad I gave Rise & Shine a try!
4	I am always pleased with the service and food. I like the Biscuits and Gravy, and the Chicken Fried Steak. I brought my parents while they were in town, and everyone left happy and full. My mom had the pancakes and thought the server outfits were cute. My dad and I had the Chicken Fried Steak. The portions are BIG which could add to the price.
3	I have been here 3 times in the last year.  All times it always seems that the waitress I get has the, "hurry up and take your order and I hate my job attitude and never smiles."  Food is great, steak and eggs and pot of gold are my fav.  Eggs benedict are delish too.  Definitely enough food to fill you up for lunch too.
5	As good as it gets in Vegas for breakfast!  Breakfast joints in Vegas are hard to find let alone good ones especially of the strip, so when I found this place a little over a year ago I was pleasantly surprised!  (They only serve breakfast and lunch here, by the way)Simply put, EVERYTHING is GREAT here!  I recommend this place all the time!Two thumbs up!
5	This place is amazing!! The service is great and the food is delicious. I had the Chilaquiles, which truly exceeded my expectations. My mom used to make the dish for me as a kid so I am really happy to find a place that makes them and they're tasty!! I can't wait to go back and try new stuff!
5	waitresses in pj's, attentive management, and damn fine food.  the only thing disappointing about rise and shine is that it's not closer to where i live.  the perfect solution to a hangover morning or a lazy sunday.
5	I pride myself on how great my own steaks are. It's hard for me to find anywhere that is equivalent to mine. This is the best steak I've had at a reasonable price.
1	Wow I can't believe all these good reviews for this place! I was so excited when this place opened cause I love breakfast spots and this is literally a block away from my house. Went about six months ago and had the worst experience. There was only two other tables occupied and couldn't believe how slow the service was. ordered basic breakfast of eggs over bacon home fries and toast plus fresh orange juice. The eggs were overdone and the potatoes were so strange. Consistency and texture of glue! Yuck!!! The only thing good was the fresh squeezed juice. Was so damn dissapointed. Chalked it up to another crappy place in Southern Highlands. Wonder if something has changed in the last 6 months... Maybe I will try it one more time. Did I catch it on a VERY off day?? Hmm
4	For a great place to go the morning after a late night of fun, Rise & Shine is the best little secret in South LV.  The ribeye chilaquiles is the perfect cure to that hangover!  As soon as you walk-in, the air is filled with cinnamon-spiced potted bread that smells and tastes delicious!  The staff is friendly, attentive and will serve you in their PJ's.If you're coming to visit Vegas and want to take a trip into town, I highly recommend to get yourself down to Rise & Shine! Absolutely yummy!
3	Maybe it's because I was at the tale-end of a weekend in Vegas, but this was not the best way to cap off the trip.  It has "Steak & Egg" in the title, I so of course I got steak and eggs (specifically, the bacon wrapped tenderloin steak).  The bacon was very fatty, the steak was dry.  It came with an open-faced omelet which had way too much mustard on it (why put mustard on an omelet anyway?).  We also got the pot of bread, which was a gimmicky idea, but not really that special in the end.The service was very nice and friendly (which is why I'm giving this place a 3 rather than a 2), but I wouldn't come back.
5	Phenomenal service, delicious food and great prices! Everything on the menu looked so good, I can't wait to be back in the area to eat here again! It was nice to have normal sized portions as well.
1	I heard great things about this place and went a few weeks ago and was disappointed to say the least. I thought I ordered the wrong thing and tried it again today and it was worse then before. The service and environment is nice, however the food is subpar at best. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.PS 3 hours after eating there I feel sick!
4	Thanks Yelpers!  All of your mouthwatering pics drove me into this place!  I felt like I needed a breakfast "do over" after eating at Republic Kitchen and Bar for Sunday brunch.  On Monday before taking my mother-in-law to the airport, we stopped in at Rise & Shine and I couldn't resist the baked blueberry French toast casserole.   The hubs and his mom had what appeared to be the regular eggs and bacon breakfast with hash browns but the taters were so tasty and seasoned and the bacon so crisp and smoky!   I stole a piece to go with my blueberry yumminess!  I loved that the blueberry compote wasn't super sweet.  Our server was though and  we can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu offerings.
5	This is the 2nd review I've given to this cute and charming hideaway, and they certainly deserve it!  Their food is fantastic!!! I love the presentation, wait staff, hostesses, and their little clay pot of cinnamon bread is mouth watering! The last time I posted, the new girl Shannon has now settled right in, and we love her! I would like to post a photo of one of my breakfast platters on here, but not sure how. The portions are generous, food is fresh, and their coffee is the bomb!!  When I see someone who writes a negative review for something so little like they had to "wait" oh my, have you ever been to Hash House A Go-Go? I mean come on folks, that's the reason why people wait because it's that freakin good! What what the heck do people expect? Restaurants have bad days once in a while too, sometimes things don't go perfect everyday, and NO, the breakfast doesn't come on a silver platter for all you snobs out there! This is the real deal, real food, real people, and it's a 10 Spot!! Just sayin... : )
4	I've been here at least 5 times since my first review. It's still my favorite breakfast spot in South Las Vegas. The coffee is really good and the steak and chilaquiles is still my favorite dish. I've since tried the corned beef hash among other dishes and was quite impressed. I think the potted bread as a side should be a little cheaper. I also think the wait staff is better than before but still needs a sense of urgency when moving around the restaurant. There's one brunette woman who I like a lot but some of the other servers seem less than alert. I'd like to see a bigger team effort when it comes to the service. There's nothing more frustrating when you see other servers standing around and my coffee cup is empty.
2	maybe i was expecting too much with all the great reviews, but we could have passed on this place. came for sunday brunch. waited about 20 minutes before being seated at the booths. What bugged was that they were sooooo slow with cleaning the tables! the booth area that we sat at could have been readily available the moment we walked in if someone just had moved the dirty dishes! our waitress was nice but didn't pay attention to the fact that we had no silverware. the press coffee is strong but i guess i'm not a fan of illy's (not very aromatic). the steak definitely needed more flavoring (very bland), the hollindaise sauce runny and sour. hubby didn't think the chilaquiles was extrodinary either. overall, it's one of them "we came, we tried, we're.never coming back" places.
5	Eat here all the time my favorite breakfast spot.  Definitely worth a drive if its not close to you.
4	I was tempted to give 5 stars but there must always be room left for improvement.  Great little spot, a hidden gem in Southern Highlands.  I hope not too many people find out about this place as I hate waiting for my Monday morning table.  Keep up the great work!  First times try either the Steak Benedict or the Chicken and Waffles.*Quick note-  Avoid Sunday's at all cost, 1hr wait at times, plus folks bring in there screaming kids, that haven't been taught how to behave in public, which ruins the whole experience.
4	There food is good, service is excellent- price is average.  But there bread in a pot is to die for... I could go there and only eat that and be a happy camper!
3	The restaurant was cute with colorful umbrellas hanging down from the ceiling.  There was a short line upon entering, but it took us an unusually long time to be seated though we could see a few tables that had been prepped and empty. We decided to share a full stack of pancakes plus strawberries. The sliced strawberries were served on the side and our 5 medium sized pancakes were nothing to write home about.  Overall we were underwhelmed by this dining experience.  A rating of 2.5 would be most appropriate.
5	Food was awesome with a great presentation. Not to mention service was super friendly and the place is decorated cute!
4	I have been to this breakfast place when I am in the area and I have enjoyed every visit. Sometimes, it can take a minute to get seated because I have seen the host also bus tables. Other than that, the food and service have been great. The first time I got the Cinnamon Toast Crunch French Toast with real maple syrup. It was delicous. The second time I got the Chicken Fried Steak. Now, they are known for their steak and eggs so I would stick with that. My sister got the omelette which just seemed like any average omelette. My mother got the waffle which was soft and tasty.But the Chicken Fried Steak was THE BEST and the gravy was amazing. I was in heaven.They also serve illy and French Press coffee. I loved the French Press myself. If you're in the mood for steak and eggs, I would come here. :)
1	I should have written this review a long time ago. We HAD been customers of this establishment from the day they opened their doors.  In the beginning, it was great! Great service, Great food, etc... slowly it all started to diminish.  Our last visit was HORRIBLE, we waited forever for the not so busy waitress to take our order, then waited even longer for our food. Never received a refill of coffee the entire time we were there.  I asked the manager when we were leaving if it had changed hands, and he said no.  I wrote a comment card requesting the owner call me. never received a call. When I received their monthly email, I replied to it asking that someone contact me about the HORRIBLE service we received and still never received a call.. Instead they removed me from the email list, because that was the last time I received an email from themThere are MUCH better options in Southern Highlands, this place is WAY WAY overpriced for what you receive... Take your money some place else!
5	Best Breakfest Joint in Southern Nevada! The Breakfest Checklist:Corned Beef and Hash: Check! Homemade and you can  tell! There are nice big pieces of meat and potatoes and a great helping on your plate!Baccon: Check! Crispy and never overdone! Pancakes and Waffles: Check! Big and Fluffy served with warm maple surup!Pot of Bread: Never in my life have I seen this! absolutely delish! It is a must get when you go here, and it usually comes with your meal! The atmosphere in a nutshell: Breakfest in Bed! The waitresses wear pj's and are so friendly! The ceiling is decorated with sunflower umbrellas, tres chic! There are day's when it's super busy, and there are days when you're the only table in the restaurant! But that would be the norm with all restaurants. I'm just saying don't get upset when it's jammed pack on a sunday... because it almost always is!
4	This is a little hole in the wall in a shopping center.  My expectations were well exceeded.  I am picky about my omelettes, but theirs was perfect.  And the hash browns did not taste like the frozen stuff out of the bag either.  The coffee was great quality, strong.  Loved the bread pot..tasted like a cinnamon roll...and we couldn't help try the red velvet pancakes with cream cheese butter!!  The ambiance of the place was fun with the waitresses serving food with their pajamas on.  And the umbrellas on the cieling were fun too.  Apparently the owner or manager here is also in charge of the restaurants in Caesar's Palace.  The place is mostly no frills, but they certainly get it right where it counts.
5	OOMG...sat at the counter and got to see the magic firsthand.  Chicken fried steak  never before seen by these mortal eyes.  Chicken and waffles fit for a giant with culinary tastes(the chicken must have been from a Nevada A-bomb site- it was HUGE).  Panko breaded fresh chicken strips for the little ones.  Hand cut fries.  Ecletic breakfast menu- "One of each please".  My first time was today and second time will be tomorrow.
1	I really wanted to like this place but after 3 times I'm done. There is no sense of urgency at all as far as being seated or getting your food. They would rather have you wait 15 min while they wipe down every dirty table instead of have a busser to clean up the mess. Because of the nonchalant service and the fact that they just don't seem to care my family won't ever be back
1	Not the best breakfast like it advertises! Waitresses are very unprofessional!
5	I thought I had a great CFS yesterday and I did, but today I had an even better one at Rise & Shine.  The steak's breaking was very flakey and light.  Not too heavy.  The gravy was served on the side with the eggs sunny up on the steak and hash browns.  The steak looked nice and crispy without the gravy smothering it.  The hash was crispy and the portions are huge.  They also serve French pressed coffee, but I brought my own Starbucks.  I think next time, I'll try their French press coffee.  They also have a thing called bread in a pot as a substitute for toast.  It's literally some bread in a flower pot.  It's combo of various breads/rolls.  I opted for the plain biscuit which was very good, but small in comparison to what you get in a bread pot.  I didn't finish my meal, so the biscuit was just fine.  The only complaint I could have is the sunny up eggs had a bit too much raw whites, but that's okay. It's just more gravy for the hash browns when mixed with the yolk.  I would rank this CFS right up there with Maple Tree.
5	Reasonably priced, delicious food served by friendly and helpful staff.
4	Another awesome breakfast. Best I have in Vegas!
5	Love this place.  Try the red velvet pancakes-they are awesome.  Great omelets too. Service is prompt and courteous
4	Very cool place. Staff is courteous and friendly. Portions are large and prices is an average of $11 a plate. Food is tasty and the decor is fun and quirky and a great place for family breakfast. A must visit when you're in Vegas.
4	I really like the food, great service, just a little overpriced for Bacon and eggs.
3	Crunchy Cinnamon Raisin French Toast - DELICIOUS. Coated in Cinnamon Toast Crunch, this was the best breakfast item out of all the things I ordered. They gave you a good hefty serving too.The steak - really quite terrible. My medium-rare steak was super thin, dried out, under-seasoned, medium-well, and tasted mostly like char. It was super disappointing.At least they had real fresh squeezed orange juice, a staple of any brunch place. Too bad it wasn't good enough to wash away the taste of burned steak from my mouth. For a place that has "steak" in the name, they sure know how to serve a half-disappointing brunch.
3	My husband and I checked this place out for breakfast last weekend. You will immediately notice that it is super fun and cute inside. There are upside down umbrellas and flowers hanging from the ceiling and the waitresses are dressed in pajamas. The entrance is a bit awkward, as you are greeted there and it is also where you pay so it can get a bit congested. We were greeted and seated within a few minutes. We quickly decided on food and it was out within no time. My husband indulged in the chicken and waffles. The chicken was cooked perfectly and looked really good. I settled on the Spice Rubbed Rib Eye Steak Chilaquiles. I was envisioning sliced steak on top of my Chiaquiles, as that would be the easiest way to incorporate steak into the dish. Imagine my surprise when I was served an entire steak on the side. However, the steak was a bit fatty and I didn't taste much spice or seasoning. The Chilaquiles were actually pretty good, but there was nothing special or exciting about the flavors. I thought it was a little weird that they served the salsa and sour cream in tiny dishes on the side. I would have liked those to be more incorporated in the dish. But, it was a large portion and I took half of it home. I also chose the Pot of Bread as my side and it was delightful. I loved the look of it when it came to the table. It is a little Terra Cotta pot with a nice fluffy piece of bread rising from it. This was probably the highlight of the meal. The bread had a nice streak of cinnamon flowing through it and was served warm with butter. Rise & Shine is good and they do have some unique dishes on the menu, but there is nothing mind blowing or innovative about the flavors.
3	I've been here a few times and loved the first two times. It's a cute atmosphere and friendly staff. However, the third time they ran out of pot-of-bread, which was one of the things that made this place special. The fourth time, they had pot-of-bread but were no longer offering the awesome homemade jam that used to come with it (another thing that made them special). All in all, the food is pretty good, but nothing different from the other tons of breakfast places in Vegas. They do have warm maple syrup, but I wouldn't be surprised if they soon got rid of that too. It's the little touches that can make places like these successful, but is seems they are moving in the wrong direction.Note to the owner(s): bring back the homemade jam!!!
5	This place is friggin AMAZING!!!!!! I've been back a few times over the past few weeks cuz everything on their menu is super fire!! The spice rubbed steak & chilaquiles is by far my favorite. Get the pot of bread w/ that (and ask for a side of the cream cheese sauce if you're feelin kinky)! #cinnabunstatus!! The vibe in the restaurant is pretty dope too. The servers rock their jammie's & are super friendly. If ya got a hankering for some killer steak & eggs, this is a no brainer!!
5	I was very impressed at Rise & Shine! A cute place with indoor and outdoor seating. People bring their dogs too and the staff brought them water. The servers wear pajamas! I ordered the NY Steak and spinach Benedict bagel. The bagel had everything on it and the steak was cooked to preference! When choosing your bread option, ask for the pot o bread! It's a little cinnamon bread in a flower pot and is yums with butter!  My friend ordered a breakfast sandwich and it looked really good! Good sized portions here and good coffee. Friendly service and a perfect meal after a Vegas weekend!  I hope to find a place like this in SoCal!
4	HUGE portions!!! I thought Omelet House portions were huge but this place puts their portions to shame. Food was good, nothing overly special about it for me. The value is there and that's what matters. Wish they opened at 6am instead of 7am, but oh well. We will definitely be coming back.
5	I love this place. It's easily my favorite breakfast place in town.The service is always good. The fact that everyone is wearing pajamas gives the place a nice feel. A man who I believe is the owner interacts with customers on a regular basis in a very friendly way.Now, the food. Admittedly, I haven't had a huge sampling of the menu. The reason for this is that once I tried the fried chicken and waffles, there was really no reason to do much in the way of exploring. The chicken is pounded before it's fried so it fits perfectly on top of the waffle. It also has a nice peppery thing going on. Not only is it delicious but it's more "convenient" to eat than chicken and waffles where the chicken still has the bone in it.Also, they have some kind of English sausages there. Those things are also awesome.
4	Excellent breakfast and service! Really liked the country fried steak and eggs, waffle and fried chicken great, steak omelet was great too, along with Pressed Coffee.  Only thing that disappointed me was the common jelly, homemade fruit or better end jam or jelly would have really been the icing on the cake to go with their homemade signature bread in a pot. Get over there now!! They close at 3:00!
4	Got here at 9:30 am on a Sunday morning and this place was packed! Service was good since we got a table right away. The waitress in her PJs was pretty attentive too.I ordered a ham egg Benedict and it was good! The hash browns just needed a tad more seasoning. My bf ordered a ham steak that came with a strand of HAIR! I immediately noticed it while the waitress was serving it. I mentioned it to her right away and took the plate back and replaced it with a fresh new plate. The ham was pretty good too. It was not dry and you can taste a bit of the char from the grill. I especially loved their pot of bread. The presentation was something different (bread in a plant pot). The bread was so soft with a hint of cinnamon. Delish! All in all even with the hair experience, it was not bad and will be back here.
4	Very cute breakfast place. Amazing food!I'm sitting here drafting this review as I watch my son finishing our breakfast. It makes me a bit sad that this place is so far from my home. I drove here from Henderson, its located on Southern Highlands Pkwy & Cactus. If it was close, I'd be the Duchess...fast! And weigh much more, probably...I was a waitress back in the day at locally owned restaurants like Rise & Shine, and as I giggle watching these ladies serve food dressed in flannel pajamas, all I wondered was "Why didn't I work at a place where pjs were the uniform?!?!" How much more comfortable can you make it, right?! So you can imagine, it definitely has a warm feeling. The smell of French toast and coffee and cinnamon gets your nose up as you walk in the door. The menu - you can order your standards. Omelets, pancakes, bacon & eggs. Then you see Crunch Cinnamon Raisin French Toast and Spiced Rubbed Rib Eye Chilaquiles, Fried Chicken and Waffles, and homemade Corned Beef Hash. What else? Most egg plates come with your choice of toast, biscuit, or the ever popular pot of bread. Very adorable little round loaf of slightly cinnamon gooey deliciousness seem to be on many tables during my visits. The drinks - freshly squeezed orange juice is always a favorite of mine I share with my son. But I had to try their French press coffee after reading about it. A generous serving is brought to your table, accompanied by a sand hourglass, with three separate colored sands. You decide which sand to follow to determine how strong you want your coffee. Love it!! (see photo if you can't picture what I'm saying)I haven't dined here for lunch, but I slightly glanced at it while drooling over the breakfast choices. If you're not in the mood for breakfast, like their current special, Baked Blueberry Pecan French Toast Casserole or my personal favorite, Make-Your-Own Yogurt Parfait, you can choose from burgers, salads, panini sandwiches, and daily specials like meatloaf, fish & chips, and chicken broccoli pot pie, served until they run out. They also offer a few kid's plates, however, if you have a toddler like me, the generous portions they serve is more than enough to share! Prices are decent, the service I've received have been warm, inviting, and prompt. I think if the next few visits are as awesome as my previous ones, they definitely warrant a 5-star review. For now, it is far to drive to, and I do wish they offered lighter healthier options, too. Do I end up ordering them? Not much. But I like having the choice when I'm feeling weight-conscious on those rare occasions. Nonetheless, I'm a big fan of Rise & Shine's yummy breakfasts!
1	They are lucky to even recieve one star , but I wanted to make sure this posted. When a person orders a steak request medium and recieves something they can not put a knife through is absurd. I do not believe the cooks even know the difference in temperatures,or whether or not it is even cooked. Case in point order a medium receive a well done piece of rubber where a hacksaw could not cut through. or recieve on a second request fatty plate that has blood in it. DO yourself a favor not only avoid the non fully cook hasbrowns avoid recieving a belly ache , save your money at 12+ DOLLARS A PLATE AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE ... THis place sucks and will never see my money again
3	Came here for breakfast with G/F after I got off shift. Very festive inside, we were greeted at the front door by the hostess and was sat immediately.(Since we were the first customers of the day). Server was very friendly but kind of slow on the service side. I ordered the country fried steak and eggs and g/f got 8oz ribeye and eggs. The ribeye was very tasty along with their hashbrown, which are shoestring. The only gripe I have is that they do not put enough gravy on the plate, it comes in a separate portion cup (3oz i believe) I like my stuff smothered!!!!! Also its kind of on the expensive side.
4	Yelp- you once again helped me find my new favorite breakfast place (in Las Vegas anyway)!  I found this place using my mobile search app, and I must say I am damn glad I did.  First of all, the atmosphere is darling- bright sunny yellow walls, cute parasol light fixtures hanging from the ceiling, it just made you feel more cheerful walking through the door.   The servers were all on point, and maybe that is because they are extra comfy- all of the servers are working in their PJ's.  Now for the important part- the food.    I ordered the chilaquiles and eggs. They didn't dissapoint.  Eggs cooked perfectly atop perfectly cooked tortilla chips softened in a tangy but not too spicy tomato sauce.   My Son put the hurt on a huge portion of chicken and waffles.  He was also impressed that they did little things like warming the syrup.   My daughter ordered a spinach/mushroom/swiss omelette.  She said it was delicious and not "too" cheesy.  My husband ordered the english banger sausage and eggs.  He said that the sausage was a bit too mild, and could have been a little more savory. If there was anything that I could say could improve is explaining to the customers the unique things that the restaurant offers-  The server asked us if we wanted toast, muffin or what sounded like "powder bread" .  None of us knew what the hell that was, so nobody ordered it.   It was only later that I noticed these cute little individual breads baked in tiny little terra cotta pots sitting in the pass.   I would have definitely ordered this just to give something new a try.  Something that could have been avoided with a little enunciation.
4	Our family is always on the hunt for great restaurants. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner places. Loved the atmosphere. When we arrived the place was packed had to wait for 20 minutes to get a table.There was three in our party and we ordered three different things so we could all sample different dishes. The chicken fried steak is gigantic, enough to share. The breading was awesome. Order extra gravy. The steak and eggs were delicious not too big or too small. The steak was very flavorful! The corned beef hash was good. Had better.The corned beef was diced into big pieces prefer it the traditional way.  Wanted to try so many other dishes that sounded great. Will definetly be back!
4	First off, the main reason I took away one star was because it took 20-30 min to get seated. When I walked in there were so many empty tables. If anyone can justify the long wait, I will change my rating, but I don't understand why it would take this long.BUT, I love how the waitresses are all in their pjs, and there are spinning flower umbrellas hanging from the ceiling. The food was good, I ordered the "spice rubbed rib eye steak chilaquiles" which came with a "pot of bread" which is similar to a brioche with cinnamon lining the creases. Think cinnabon without being really sweet. The steak was flavorful and tender, eggs were well seasoned and cooked just the way I ordered (over-medium).I also stole a few bites from my sister's orders - the "baked blueberry croissant French toast" was pretty good. It reminded me of bread pudding slathered with super sweet blueberry compote on top, and it comes with extra compote on the side in case it isn't sweet enough for you. My sister gave up after a few bites because of its sweetness and large, overwhelming size.As for the "two fisted crispy chicken bagel and egg sandwich".. it was really large and bland. Needs more seasoning. It came with half a plate of fries which were really good though!
4	hello LV Yelpers!Came here last week for breakfast the morning it poured/flooded.One of my coworkers love coming here so a group of us made our way through the rain and flooded streets to rise and shine.I was excited to try their pot of bread from reading all of the reviews. I don't live close to R&S so I really hoped for a good experience.It was mid morning and they already ran out of pot of bread! really?! :(I had the corn beef hash with biscuit which was really tasty. My coworker comes here for the steak and eggs.If you're in the area and looking for breakfast stop by here! I wouldn't drive out of the way for R&S.Casual dining. No frills.
5	Amazing food. Steak & Chilliques is the best! Very good coffee. Friendly relaxed atmosphere.
5	oOoOoh so good!My son and I split the bacon wrapped filet w/ egg and cheddar cheese. I'm not a big meat eater but I sure did enjoy myself when I ate this plate of goodness!Lots of flavor and nice atmosphere. We've returned twice since this particular visit. Try it, you'll like it ;)
5	Beautiful restaurant, great service,  and amazing food!! Get the French press coffee :)
4	I'm a little torn between 3 and 4 stars for reasons I'll explain, but I know this place is new and will get better with time anyway. So let's be positive.The place itself is pretty nice, and like many others have said, full of people! They offer their pots of bread which are signature for them. Half the bread is regular bread, the other half is a cinnamon twist sort of deal. They serve it with a cream cheese-like dip. It's really, ultimately, like a lame cinnamon roll with a lot of frosting. Nice experience initially, though.We ordered the baked banana French toast and a steak and eggs plate with hash browns. The toast was a lot like a mushy bread pudding (which we were warned about by the waitress), and the steak and eggs? They were exactly that. It's tough to mess that up.Ultimately, we left the place thinking we would never come back unless we were just in the area. It's nothing special once you get over the bread pot novelty. The flavors did not blow our minds. It's exactly what it says - a steak and egg place! Can't fault them for that.
5	Okay first off I am not a huge fan of breakfast foods in general.  My best friend loves it. So when a few of my friends wanted to go here for breakfast one day I was not looking forward to it. When we walked into the place it was fairly busy not overly packed. The first thing I noticed as the decor which was bright and fun with these cute umbrella flower rotating art hanging from the ceiling. It did make me feel a bit happy to be there. The next thing i noticed is the wait staff were in PJs. All and all the environment was welcoming and a cute experience.Next the menu was full of options and i was told by my champions that all the food was good. I stepped out on a limb and ordered some breakfast items. I had a waffle, bacon, hash browns, and the potted bread. It was a lot of food but boy was it tasty. I couldn't finish it all but i enjoyed trying. The syrup is real maple syrup that is brought to the table hot with cinnamon sticks in side. The next good thing is i  tasted some of my friends corn beef hash, regular pancakes, and red velvet pancakes.  (another reason why i probably couldn't finish my food.)  Boy everything was a delight. Party for the taste buds.Now i live in the area and highly recommend the place. If you really like breakfast foods you may fall in love with the place. If you are like me and you would pass on breakfast foods you will not be disappointed eating here. Its worth the trip if you are out and about and are in the mood for breakfast or lunch. (They are not open for dinner).  Make a day of it.
5	Fresh bread is amazing!Staff was very friendly.Food came out quick.
4	Had the chicken and waffles, probably one of the better ones in town. The pot-of-bread was tasty but it picked up a clay-ish flavor from the pot. The bread itself was very good. The french press coffee was outstanding and reasonably priced. For the chicken n waffles, they used a chicken breast that is scalloped meaning, cut in half but still connected which gave it some size and helped it cook quicker. It was crispy and well cooked. The waffle was nice but kinda soft, and that is something common for most the waffles in town. I like the  crispy style waffles at Bread and Butter or Bouchon. But solid place
5	I am not a breakfast kind of girl and was not happy about going to a breakfast place when my husband told me about Rise and Shine.  So glad I did go tho!I get the steak breakfast and it's awesome!  My picky kids like their food too!  It's a WIN for us.  We always ask for Colleen because she is totally sweet and takes the best care of us.  Did I mention that we are picky?!?!   LOL!Can't wait to take my in-laws there when they come into town!
5	Cool breakfast spot in Southern Highlands! Everyone is nice and the PJ's are a great touch. Good food, tastes fresh, great for families and children. Request Amanda, she is friendly and polite! Great service! Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
4	Sometimes after a weekend in Vegas, you just want to get out ASAP especially if you have a long drive home. We all have our exodus go to spots. Many of us want to cure our hang-overs so we head to Chinatown for Pho. Some want to get that steak and eggs for under $10 at smaller hotels. Few of us want to load up at a buffet before having to sit in that strenuous car ride and hoping that we can make it home before we have to drop the kiddies off at the pool. On the most previous occasion out to Sin City, I suggested something a little different to the crew. Let's check out this place called Rise & Shine, a Steak & Egg Place which is kind of south of the strip and sort of in the path back to LA. It seemed like the majority of the people who dined here were regulars and/or locals. This little restaurant is open daily from 7am-3pm only. They serve breakfast items the entire time during their hours of operation and lunch menu kicks in at 11:30am. We arrived right before noon on Sunday. For our party of seven, it took nearly 20 minutes for them to get us a table. The place isn't really big to begin with. I would say that 4-5 people max per table is ideal. There is a dining counter and you can also eat outside if the weather permits. Take notice of the waitresses' uniform; they're catchy because they are wearing pajamas. An awesome concept and it looks very comfortable. The bus boys have black tee shirts on that say something along the lines of help them by visiting Yelp.We all ended up ordering hefty breakfast dishes on this morning because we were all mc-fatties ready to go to town. I went with the Crunchy Cinnamon Raisin French Toast - cinnamon crunch coasted, served with a warm glass bottle of maple syrup ($8.95). I made it a platter by adding two eggs and a turkey kielbasa (bacon or sausage is also avail) for an extra $3.50. It was a big meal indeed. The French toast was soft but not mushy and full of flavors from the cinnamon and tang of the raisins. The big turkey kielbasa was a nice compliment with the eggs. Surely French toast by itself isn't sufficient. I was definitely a happy camper.A couple of my friends got the Crispy Fried Chicken Breast & Waffle ($11.95) which was a hit on the table. A thick piece of battered chicken breast sitting on top a fluffy waffle. Juicy white meat and far from dry. It's nothing like Roscoe's Carol C. Special but it should deserve recognition of its own. Before you start bashing me by saying, "I've had better fried chicken Smitcha!" All I'm saying is that it's pretty good and never did I claim it was the best I've had. Another friend ordered the Southern Style Chicken Fried Steak but from what I heard, he wasn't too impressed and felt like he should've went with the fried chicken and waffles.Service was on point and like an oldskool coffee shop, I took my tab and paid at the register. I regret not trying pot of bread that everyone seems to be rave about on Yelp. Bring your appetite to this place because after this meal, I was seriously full until later that night. Plus, there are many options to choose from their menu. I will say that it was a great meal but it also made me feel like I was good on a typical American breakfast for some time. Once in a while a 1500+ calorie, single serving meal is okay but just not too often or else Dr. Chen will start chewing me out about my weight and high blood pressure.
4	Come for the steak and eggs which are a glorious start to the morning. The french press coffee is a must. Amazing! The chilaquiles were pretty good too, but the eggs were pretty runny and Cristina ordered them over medium =(I wanted to give this place 5 stars based on my meal, but I gotta say when you're waiting to be seated. It's kind of awkward. I mean usually someone will come up and be like "I'll be right with you, Sir." Here, you kind of just wait lol. When they get your name, there's usually tons of empty booths, but it takes a few minutes for them to get set up. I'm looking for things to complain about now, but it's really a non-issue!Definitely a great place for some steak and eggs.
5	This was literally one of the best breakfast places I've had in a long time!! My brother took met for my birthday and wow..We went HAM!! Had the crunchy cinnamon french toast, which was ridiculous!! Then the chicken and waffles, Spectacular!! Then the burrito, I don't even know what it was called, but it was super tasty!! I think that was a good 15lbs of greatness added to my buns hahaha!
5	I LOVE THE FOOD HERE!!The service is slow every time, they take forever to seat you but its worth it. I love the chilaquiles & the Salsa Verde burrito is good too. I try something new every time and never disappoints. Try the Bagel Egg & Steak sandwich!!
4	I had a wild craving for some chicken and waffles while waking up after a night in Vegas, I started searching for nearby eateries that served chicken and waffles and also had pretty good ratings (which is always my determining factor) and came across Rise & Shine.  After looking at the photos on yelp and reading the reviews I had already made up in my mind that I wanted their chicken and waffles, but once I was seated and saw how small the waffles were, I asked if I could have pancakes and waffles instead; and indeed did I make a good choice.  Those where the most fluffy, soft, and flavorful pancakes I've ever tasted.  The chicken on the other hand, could've used a bit more seasoning but overall, I enjoyed the food and the service.
4	Great place a little off the beaten path.  All of the servers are in their pajamas, which is kind of unique.  The red velvet pancakes are decadent and very rich.  I had the steak and eggs which was a nice piece of meat cooked properly.  I'd return!  Excellent coffee as well!
5	First time here, got a gift certificates so thought I would go.. Had the steak eggs spinach Benedict on a bagel, it was wonderful! My steak was cook perfectly (med/rare) and eggs over medium. Food was fast and service was friendly! If it wasn't so far from my house I would come back more often, I will be back for sure thou!
4	Delish!  Loved the crunchy cinnamon French toast.  The bacon was great also.  Portions are HUGE.  Will definitely go again.
3	Tried the Tench Press coffee on reommendation and it was so good. The atmosphere is great with a friendly presence.The service was slow, so don't go if you'really in a rush. Four tables sat after us and received their food before us. I had the Steakhouse Omelet. It was very delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly, but a bit cold. It came with a Pot of Bread. The bread, mixed with cinnamon, was cooked in a small flower pot. It was excellent but also a bit cold.
5	A great place to eat breakfast, and an even better place for great service. The food is phenomenal. It does not matter what you get to eat, it is all delicious. The service is even better. Everyone is friendly, and they are always willing to go the extra mile to make the customer happy!
5	Just great steak and eggs in a cute lil breakfast joint. Enjoy!
4	Reminds me of the downtown coffee shop. The staff was friendly, the service fast, and the food good.  I'm a waffle person so I don't have anything special to rave about. Next time I may venture out into the menu. There are lots of choices. We'll be back. It's in the corner of the shopping center, surrounded by Yogurt, Italian, and Japanese.
2	Food was ok but not the best.  I haven't gone there in almost a year and when I paid the bill I realized why I haven't. Almost $2.50 for a glass of OJ and they don't give free refills. Again, food was ok but there is definitely better.
4	Loved this place!  Food was great and the service was top notch!  My favorite breakfast place in Vegas.
3	Every time we go its around 1-2pm, and although we love the food the service is below par.  We always have to ask for refills and then wait an undertermined amount of time before we get them, and remind our waitress of any condiments that we have requested.
5	This is absolutely the best breakfast place I've visited since moving to Las Vegas. If you enjoy a good breakfast, it's worth dropping in. If you're not in the southern Highlands area, it's worth the drive. Ambience: this is a smaller restaurant, which gives a great feel for breakfast. The wait staff is in pajamas, which is a nice touch. If you make a trip alone, I recommend sitting at the bar and watching the cooks work. These guys are on top of their game  Food: the portions are big! You definitely get your money's worth. As far as taste, the food is flawless. The pancakes are perfectly fluffy. I had one of the bagel sandwiches and I was thoroughly impressed. Staff: everyone from the hostess to the manager is very friendly. The waitresses are very attentive and are always around, but not in an annoying bothersome way. Overall, a great little restaurant. I will be back many times for sure.
5	OH LORD!!!! THIS IS THE BOMB PLACE EVER!! I was walkin with my friends to find somethin good and we ended up Rise & Shine! but it was around 2ish almost 3 but the waitress they are so nice to us, no pressure to eat we are chillin and she was so friendly to us! not just service otherwise the food! YUM same price as Ihop, Denny's but the taste and the size are way more taster way more bigger! Definitely recommend this place!!!
3	I agree with a few of the other posts, it is off putting walking into a restaurant, and no one says hi, or comes up to you for a while. It was good to expect that before I went, because I probably would have cursed and stormed out had I not been expecting it. The first time I went, I got the chilaquiles (not sure if that is spelled right), and I won't be ordering those ever again. They were way to salty for me, but my husband liked his chicken fried steak, and eggs benedict the last couple of times we've went. We'd come back, but it's not my number one breakfast spot in Las Vegas.
3	For breakfast the prices are high, good food, good service and the people are nice!
1	Worst service ever.. Because we literally had no service at all. Saw the reviews but seriously if no one greets you after 8min. Left. Service was awful
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!! It's officially our new favorite breakfast spot !!!All the cute girls that work there run around in pj's !! Not to mention the ribeye steak and eggs were amazing !!
5	This is one of the places I recommend to everyone. We are here at least once a week and if for some reason we don't get out there that often - we crave it like crazy.The french press coffee is awesome and I am a big fan of the bacon wrapped filet bacon sandwich. The hubby loves the chicken & waffles. We both love the country fried steak BUT sometimes it has too much fat on it for our liking. I love the ambiance and great service.We try to get there early enough to beat the rush and when the weather's right, we love eating on the patio with our dogs.Highly Highly HIGHLY recommend
5	As soon as you walk in the staff greets you and is very friendly, I LOVE that the servers wear Pj's for their uniforms, it makes you feel comfortable and welcome!I ordered a Ham & Cheese omelet, very yummy and a very large portion!
4	I absolutely loved this place. We went there for lunch. The food was delicious. I had the best Tuna sandwhich of my life! Hubby ordered steak and was pretty happy with it as he is usually picky with steaks. The servers were in their PJ's, not sure if it's their standard dressing or just for the weekend. Very nice servers, super friendly. And the deco was so creative, they have umbrellas hanging of the ceiling which look like big sunflowers. Price is ok, it's not too cheap and not to expensive. I would go again.
4	Found this place close to home --- thanks to YELP. ::claps hands::The flowers from the ceiling is really quaint and cute. Open lay out to where you can see into the kitchen. The servers are in jammies - which just makes you feel a tad comfortable. The potted cinnamon bread was a little cold - if it was warm, I would think they would be amazing. Cup of Illy coffee was ok. I had the steak and eggs while my partner in crime had the chicken fried steak (she fancies Crack'n Barrell - but it is 2 hours away!)The steak was ok - it was moist not dry. It was good with its side kick A1.The chicken fried steak had a piece of hair or nylon in the breading which we made sure the waitress know, but we said its ok we just wanted to bring it to your attention. Five minutes later, the server brought her a new freshly cooked chicken fried steak as a courtesy @ no charge. Well... since she was halfway through her meal we decided to take it with us. Overall good experience. There was a tad wait for the food, but kind of expected it in a full FOH, but we didn't mind as we were catching up on our current events. And no... that doesn't mean facebook. News!Til next time.
5	Pretty darn good.  Wanted to find a place away from the strip.  Get the pot bread!
4	Great breakfast spot. Every time we visit Vegas and stay off the strip, we have to eat here. Chilequiles are very good, and the chorizo burritos are good/filling. The portions are large though prices have gone up more than 15% this year.
5	We just moved into the area & this has now become our regular breakfast spot. Their french press coffee & pot of bread is a must to start out your day. Their omelette is my usual go to because their ingredients are so fresh. You really can tell the difference. Texas toast French toast is excellent & their original pancakes are my step daughters favorite. They serve them with warm maple syrup with a cinnamon stick steeping in it. There is a large outdoor patio & inside seating. The prices are a little high for breakfast but the quality of the food is worth it. Oh yea you can go in your pjs bc the servers are in theirs too.
5	Going out for Breakfast can be hit or miss. This place has consistently been AMAZING!  The staff are extremely friendly and the service is top notch.  Their quirky takes on dishes such as Eggs Benedict and Chicken and Waffles are incredible. They offer Illy brand coffee which tasted great and even have a French Press if you're into something a little stronger. If you are looking for a great, relaxed, delicious Southern Highlands Breakfast spot then look no further.
1	Nasty cook.I have eaten here before and have always liked the food.Today I decided to bring m daughter for brunch. The issues started with the waitress scratching her head and then making our toast.Then as I was about to put food in my mouth I cought the cook wipping his nose with the back of his hand and instead of washing his hands, he continued making the food.I was unable to eat and my stomach turned sour.Spoke to the manager and she then decided to tell me they have had this issue with the cook before, that really makes me wonder as to why continue to have this person around.
5	I heard about this place from a friend and decided to try it. I am glad I did because my fiance and I both agree-that Rise & Shine is outstanding! The staff is very friendly and the food is excellent! We ordered the chilequiles and cinnamon raisin French toast. It was incredible! The chilequiles were very flavorful and the chips were still a little crispy-which we loved! The french toast is huge and sweet, but not overwhelmingly sweet-the perfect amount of cinnamon, crunch, and soft on the inside. Yum!Can't wait to go back next Sunday! And every Sunday for that matter!
5	Cutest little breakfast spot EVER!  Servers wear PJ's - all were friendly and welcoming. Came in around 9:30 on a Saturday morning and had to wait about 15 minutes - Grab a Vegas & Seven magazine next to the hostess stand to pass the time. This place is worth the wait!I opted for the Pot of Bread, the omelet and hashbrowns.  Pot of Bread - excellent, medium sized with the perfect amount of cinnamon twist.  Omelet - My go to is usually egg whites with spinach & onions - I saw kielbasa for an option and my polish heart just couldn't resist.  Perfectly cooked & great portion sizes.Hashbrowns - now i am VERY particular when it comes to my hashbrowns - I despise breakfast potatoes & am a huge fan of crispy.  These hashbrowns were not your normal thick breakfast has browns, but instead thin and crispy.  Probably the best hashbrowns I have ever had.  All & all i will be adding this to my list of favorites.  Very nice to actually sit, eat and visit in a home-cooked setting.  Not in a casino - not in a bar, but in a great neighborhood.
5	This is one of my favorite spots to go to when Im in vegas. Their bkfast is great, and its really filling. The waitresses are in pj's and the place is pretty lit up with decor. Its a great place away from the strip.
4	What a great local place. This, off the beaten path, little place is worth a try. Serving only breakfast and lunch, they have a limited menu but that's usually a good thing. I had the chicken and waffle breakfast. It was fantastic. The chicken breast was tender and juicy with a light and crispy breading. The waffle was golden brown and also light in texture. Neither was heavy, as many can be. The warm syrup was also a nice touch. I chose the "pot of bread" as my side. As cool as it looked, it lacked flavor. I still ate the whole thing. The only thing about my experience that I was less than please with was the $30 ticket at the end. Chicken and waffles with a coffee - a mushroom Swiss burger and a hot chocolate - $30. A little on the pricy side. Overall an above par experience, but I don't know that the drive is worth the price.
4	This was my first time eating at this  establishment and I was very pleased with the staff and the level of service. The menu could be a bit more diverse but nonetheless the food was great. I had the chicken and waffles and was blown away. The portion was huge it actually made 2 meals for me. I would definitely eat here again.
4	We really enjoy going to the pajama breakfast place as my husband calls it. The waitresses wear flannel jammie's  and the service is friendly. So far We have liked everything we have tried from both the breakfast and lunch menu. Only downside is the pricing. If there were a few more lower cost options we would go more often.
4	This could be a 5 if not for our server, Amber.  We found this restaurant on Yelp, and with the near ease of our Navigation system, managed our way to the restaurant.  We were seated almost immediately, which was great since about 20 people showed up in the next 15 minutes or so.  After waiting far too long to be greeted at our table, I walked up and asked the hostess if there was someone assigned to our table.  She said yes, and that she would go find her.  She returned in just a couple of minutes to say that the server must be in the bathroom, and offered to get us started with coffee.  We told her that we were in a hurry to order because we were trying to get out of town and back home (who'da guessed we were in for a 6-1/2 hour traffic jam all the way back to San Diego) to our kids.  She suggested that she could take our breakfast order and get everything started until our server was able.  And she did.  Amber appeared on scene a few minutes later.  We knew it was our server, because the hostess was going over our order with her, and because we hadn't seen her before.  She was either sick or just unhappy to be there, and her demeanor when she did finally come to our table reflected that.  Her energy, or lack thereof, was the counter balance to all the other busy bees.  In fact, she even dropped one of the pots of bread on an adjacent table.  Our food was served by another server - who we are guessing was either the owner or manager.  She was extremely pleasant, and the food was delicious.  We asked Amber for our check - again, because we were trying to get out quickly - and it took her several minutes to drop it.  I was just about to go up to the hostess stand to request it when she dropped it on the table.  When she noticed I already had cash in my hand, Amber did offer to go to the register and cash it out for us.  We didn't take her up on it, but that was something.  I would have just liked to have seen some degree of service before we were on our way out the door.  This was our first trip to Las Vegas in more than 10 years, so it's unlikely that we will be going back soon.  But if we were in town again, I would absolutely return for breakfast.  The food was delicious, and with the exception of our one service experience, everyone else seemed very accommodating.
2	Really long wait this morning. Orders were getting lost, customers were waiting a really long time, and there was lots of complaining from the cook.This is only my second chance to try this restaurant and will probably be the last. To start off my experience, my wife and I were asked to wait for a seat. Normally, this is no problem but I could see at least 4 tables that were clean and nobody sitting at them. Not a big deal as we were in no hurry. We were seated and taken care of right away. We ordered coffee and water and needed a couple of minutes do decide on our food. My wife ordered the French toast and I ordered biscuits and gravy. For the next twenty minutes we listened to the cook argue with the waitresses and watched customers walk out the front door. Almost 30 ,minutes went by and our food finally arrived. I got scrambled eggs instead of over easy and the waitress fixed it right away. My wife's meal was warm but certainly not hot.As I dug into my biscuits and gravy, I was greeted by crunchy biscuits and a sad excuse for gravy. The biscuits tasted like the kind you would get in a tube of Pillsbury and I needed a knife to cut them. The gravy was clumpy and tasteless. I have been cooking gravy for many years and it looked like the flour, or mix, in this case was thrown in and not blended very well. This was, by far, the worst plate of biscuits and gravy I have every eaten. Biscuits and gravy is a relatively easy dish to do well and it says volumes when a breakfast restaurant cannot do it right.I did let the girl at the register know how disappointed I was with my breakfast and she took it off my bill. That was very cool.My first time to Rise and Shine was pretty good and the second was less than impressive. I was told that the reason the prices were a little high is because of the quality ingredients that were used. I would disagree. It seems like either corners are being cut or the cooks are not happy with their jobs. Either way, this will probably be my last adventure out of the way to come to Rise and Shine..
4	It was good.  I live 1/2 a mile away so after reading the reviews I had to check it out.  Yep the servers wear PJs.  They look good too.  My server was A+ she explained the menu very well.  I had a nice three egg breakfast with the smoky bacon and hash browns.  Maybe not the best I've ever had but very good and their coffee is terrific.
5	Super friendly staff, moderately priced fantastic food. Can't wait to come back!
4	I had the chicken and waffles and I loved the chicken but the waffles were doughy. My husband had the chillaquilles and that was really good and I think I'll try that next time. Service was nice too.
5	Best breakfast diner in town HANDS DOWN.Your best breakfast options are not located in the heart of Las Vegas (the strip, spring valley, etc). Rise & Shine is located on the far Southside off the 15 freeway of Silverado Ranch Blvd.At this joint, they offer some serious quality breakfast in exceptional presentation. I have already visited this place twice in less than a week. All for good reason.On my first visit, I tried the Ultimate steak & eggs breakfast which consisted of a massive and juicy 8oz rib eye steak. Along with my meat was hash browns and 3 egg whites. It's about $14+ but you get what you pay for. This is one massive meal and a quality that you can't find at South Point or wherever the hell you go for your midnight steak & eggs.On my second visit, I tried the Ham & Eggs Benedict on a English bagel. Though I'm not much of a Ham & Eggs Benedict type of person, it was tasty as well! Served with your standard hash browns.Already came here twice and looking forward to a 3rd time to see how the corned beef hash is. Apparently, it's made fresh from scratch so can't wait to give that a try.Service was great as well! Servers were all attentive and courteous. They even wear pajamas to resemble an early-day atmosphere.
4	Me and the wife were getting tired of the old chain restaurant breakfast places like Denny's and IHOP. As well as the mostly crappy casino breakfast buffets In our area of Anthem Highlands.. Green Valley ranch buffet is just garbage and the M is a little better but still tastes like casino breakfast buffet food.. So i simply went to google and typed in best breakfast las vegas and Rise & Shine showed up on yelp with a solid 4 star rating, So we decided to give it a shot and i'm glad we did!! We showed up on a saturday morning around 1030am and were seated right away. The place seems clean and up to date with ipad registers.. The waitress came to our table within 3 minutes of us sitting there and took the drink orders and asked if we need a few minutes to look over the menu.. Upon her return I Ordered the Ultimate steak&eggs breakfast with the optional 3 eggs with a Pot of Bread" I didn't know what it was either so i just ordered it,.. Its basically a cinnamon roll baked in a small pot,.. The wife ordered the Belgian waffle platter with a side of hashbrowns.. The food came out piping hot after only about 15 minutes. The food was very delicious and the portions were decent. The ribeye had a very delicious spice rub that made the steak hardly require any steak sauce and it was very tender., Our drinks were also filled very promptly without even asking."A Pet Peeve of mine" I'm only knocking a star because the ribeye steak was a little on the thin side and i asked for Medium and it came out Medium Well. Also i asked for Over Medium eggs and they came out Over Easy. But Overall the food was Fantastic and we left full. $34 not including tip. We will definitely be returning.!
4	I don't know what happened here? Servers were usually friendly, and food was good. Today server had  a lot of attitude, and the sausage gravy was cold, and the corn beef hash had chunks of fatty cubed ham instead of corn beef.  The servers handle bread with their hands instead of gloves that are in view, but none of them is actively using.I really dislike this place now, and won't be going back. It's bad business when a place was doing well, and you can see them starting to go down hill.Went back have them another shot, and was pleasantly surprised. The Gm even contacted me after my post and was willing to get me back in the door. This business does care about their customers. Great job!
4	Love this place! I love that it's a good local place so close to my house with awesome food. The staff is always very friendly and the place has always been clean. It is fairly small so there is a wait sometimes but it's worth it! Love the cinnamon infused syrup...it's the little things!
1	I don't even want to write a long review for this place. They made us wait a pretty damn long time just to "create" a wait time when clearly, there were many open tables.Food is eh. Bacon wrapped sirloin? Sounds good right? WAY overcooked and disappointing.
4	Just in Vegas for vacation and found the place on Yelp and was pleased with the food and service. I would definitely recommend and come back.
5	One of my favorite places for Sunday morning bfast. Love the menu, service and everything. Waiting sucks, restaurant is small, but worth the wait.
5	This place is so cute. I love the umbrella flowers spinning about the ceiling. I love how the servers wear pajamas! Super cute. The service was great. I ordered the country fried steak it was pretty good with the gravy on the side. Only downside it was breaded a little too much to my liking. I also tried a side of the red velvet pancakes to compare with the ones at BabyStacks Cafe. I'm sorry it just doesn't cut it. These pancakes did not even look RED, it looked more like a burned pancake. It was also too chocolatey inside. The cream cheese syrup was too thick and too sweet. I guess I'll have to go to BabyStacks for my red velvet fix. Other than that I enjoyed my main dish. I also ordered the steak chilaquiles for my boyfriend togo and that looked delicious. He enjoyed it! I would like to come back and try their other breakfast items.
5	It's the best kept secret in Vegas.  Located in the Southern Highlands area, a lot of locals end up here for breakfast on weekends.  Staff is friendly (dressed in pajamas) and service is quick.  I have liked everything I've had on the menu. Fun place to have breakfast and relax.
5	SUPER cute place, staff was friendly, food, Ultimate Steak and Eggs, fantastic!  Can't ask for anything else except delivery in bed!
5	The food was absolutely amazing here.  No wait, cute atmosphere and the prices were good.  Forget those high priced buffets when you can eat here!  Service was great!
5	Great food. Friendly staff. Good service. Moderate prices. Great local spot.
1	I always ate here. Every time! We found a plastic piece from a bread bag in our butter and no one came over and apologized or offered anything. It was very matter of fact and no importance to customer service or value at all. It's sad because we will now need to find a new breakfast place to eat. Wish their customer service was a bit better. When we left the server didn't even look us in the face when she nonchalantly said "thank you have a nice day" like it was pulling teeth. We are going back to the Griddle or New Day.
3	They really struggled trying to understand how to make French style eggs done well.  If you ask for eggs crispy on the outside with the inside lightly cooked, they give you eggs over hard, I needed them over well.  They occasionally get it right.  Having eaten here enough times to tell you, I had to explain it every time to a new person and got a different result each time.  So make sure you need eggs fairly basic styles here, then they can't mess it up.  Nothing fancy here.
3	I would give the food a 5 star but our experience today wasn't the best. First, they told us there would be a 5-10 min wait but I counted at least 5 open tables plus the entire counter which was empty. Then, our waitress Cary (who obviously took her speed pill this morning) asked us for our drink order and before we even look at menu asked if we were ready to order???? (we've been sitting for maybe 1 minute) we told her we weren't ready and she said he'll give us another minute... No kidding! She came back maybe 40 seconds later... This went on through out the whole time we were there. Gave us the check when we were only half way through or meal, etc.  horrible, horrible service. She was not friendly, never asked how we were doing, just kept rushing us. I tipped anyway, only because I know the cooks and the busboy share it.P.S. the busboy was a new kid... Must be family related because he was SLOWER THAN MOLASSES!!!! No wonder they get behind even with half the tables open. Been here many times before but this might just be our last :(
1	Their service absolutely stinks.. Food is always brought out cold. The Biscuits that come with gravy were HARD as a rock. I didn't enjoy the breakfast because the entire time everyone else was eating and I was waiting for something that shouldn't of been hard and cold in the first place. Really not the best breakfast and its false advertising to say so. Two thumbs down...
4	Perfect for when you're hungover and probably just as good when you aren't. I hardly had any money so I just got toast and peanut butter because I was in dire need of carbs in my system and it made me feel 100 x better. Can't wait to actually try the real things on the menu next time!
5	Great breakfast. Great service.
4	Came for Fathers Day brunch and it was amazing!  The staff is so nice and hospitable. The portions are outrageous. The quality of the food is amazing. I had the Steak & Eggs with Chilaquiles and they were to die for! Anytime in Vegas this will be my new spot.
5	This place would fit in nicely inside a upscale casino hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Except then, the prices would be 40% higher! Worth the trip out here, even if you are a tourist or visitor. The restaurant is actuall just a couple of minutes off the i-15 at the Silverado Ranch blvd exit. An omelet with steak was almost platter sized, biscuits & gravy was yummy as well. Service was friendly, and the place is very clean. I will be back!
2	Went here for breakfast this morning. Will NOT be going back. The food was very good and the service/staff was amazing. But breakfast for 2 adults and a 1 1/2 year old was $50.00!!!!!!! Unbelievable!!!! Belgium waffle the thickness of about 2 pancakes was $8.00 and to add maybe HALF a banana was $2.00. Omelette was $8.50 and to make it with egg whites and add bell peppers was $5.00!!!!! And the bell peppers were MISSING and there was very little egg. Babies food was 1 pancake, 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon for $6.00. Not bad. That's about average. Again, the food is amazing. But the price is WAY to much for the little that you get. Will drive all the way to Jamm's for something almost as good and A LOT more food for a reasonable price (even with paying for gas we will be ahead of the game).
5	The ultimate place for comfort food, especially when nursing a hangover or leaving Las Vegas. Off the beaten path but not inconveniently located far off the 15. Worth it.  Come here. Excellent service, very reasonable prices. Oh, and bring your jammies. Totally okay here.
4	This was the second time I have been to this place and again was not disappointed. The two fisted turkey bagel sandwich is one of the best I have had. Includes eggs, bacon, cheese and avocado. Pretty delicious. Top it off with a side of cheesy hash browns and French press coffee and you're good to go. Service was a bit slow but definitely a four star experience overall.
2	Maybe I missed something. Or, maybe I just ordered the wrong food but Rise & Shine was not all that to me...at all. I arrived around 11am and it was busy. I drove here from Lake Las Vegas so when I was told the pot of breads were all gone, I was definitely disappointed. I had some coffee to start which was actually a good cup of joe. My waitress was really busy and I was in a really patient mood so it was all good. She finally came totake our order. I ordered the Ultimate Steak breakfast which consisted steak (obviously), 2 eggs, hash browns and my choice of bread (except the pot of bread).I ordered my steak medium but it came more well then anything. We waited about 20 minutes or more for our food so I decided to keep it. First off, this rib-eye was super thin. I have never had a rib-eye steak that was so thin. I ordered my eggs over medium. The yolk portion was perfect but the eggs were a little too brown on the outside and they were more yolk than egg white. It was like two big eyeballs on my plate. Not sure what happened to the egg white portion. My hashbrowns were okay but like most everything else on the plate, it was cold. NOTE TO RESTAURANT: Why is the air up so high. My food was cold in a few minutes.I saw some other plates going by that looked pretty good but my food was not up to par. I would say it  was okay, so I won't be back.
2	New place for us, tried it because a friend recommended it.  Servers are dressed in PJ's, ours was prompt and polite.  Smaller menu, a little more pricey than most breakfast joints.  The kitchen is open air , so with the radio blasting, cooks singing along to the music, and the constant shuffle of the plates and silverware it's a bit noisy.  Distracting from the nice quiet breakfast we were expecting. I ordered the Steak/Spinach Benedict and she ordered the Ham and egg Benedict  My plate has a good sized portion, but once I cut into the steak I find its mostly gristle and fat. The hash-browns were good.  The Ham and egg Benedict was missing hollandaise, and the  aged-balsamic sauce.  Requested from our waitress and promptly received. Probably will not be returning to dine again, the noise was a big factor.
5	My favorite breakfast joint in town. Their Chicken and Waffles is to die for. Everything on their menu is deliciously homemade from scratch and all the ingredients are fresh. The staff is very helpful, friendly and fast. The atmosphere is very fun and casual.  I have ordered carryout from them a couple times and all were pleasant experiences.
3	This place is really convenient and nice to have around. If you have the time to actually go out for breakfast it satisfies. Its a small place though so going at peak times you can wait. The servers all wear pajamas, upside down umbellas hang from the ceiling and its very quirky in decorations.  The service was good with her continually asking if we need anything and bringing drinks. only issue was he ordered a biscuit and got served sourdough toast. There aren't many healthy options on the menu so I got a cobb salad minus a few things. They were good about putting my bacon on the side for him.  It was very good with a nice balance of all the ingredients and not too heavy on the dressing.  It was huge though and I couldn't finish it all so we switched plates....lol.....he got the bacon wrapped steak and eggs and he enjoyed it, only thing left on his plate when he gave it to me were the hashbrowns.  The bread is simple bread as not a fan of the pot of bread as not enough cinnamon gooey-ness if I am going to splurge. The guy who you go to in order to pay wasn't sure what to make of our sense of humor but he was very polite and efficient.Last time I was here I got the fruit which is nicely cut up and a nice size portion.  I would go back as convenient and good options for kids too.
4	Food is delicious, price is kinda high for breakfast place but the service is excellent & the ambiance gives an uplifting mood.
3	NY STEAK, SPINACH BENEDICT - delicious steak doused with egg & sauce.  A sure win.CRUNCHY CINNAMON RAISIN FRENCH TOAST - awesome idea!  quite crispy and perfectly fine without syrup or butterCORNED BEEF HASH & EGGS - house made corned beef and not from the canMonkey arrived 30mins to closing, so missed out on the POT of BREAD :(  Seriously shall return to try the POT OF BREAD.  Server wearing pajamas.  Nice and informative.
5	OMG!!!  Found my fav breakfast place in LV.  Their breakfast is so good you'll want to slap yo.... Someone. Bacon wrapped steak with eggs and truly home made tasting hush browns. Mmmmm good. Than I dug into my wife's order: velvet chocolate pancakes... One bite and I couldn't stop smiling, I forgot 5 bills I lost earlier gambling. World seemed brighter, there was childhood music playing somewhere in a background all of a sudden. It took me whole 5 minutes to come back to reality. Yes, this place will be our regular stop from now on!!
5	Ultimate breakfast place.  Delicious food, great decor, awesome service!   I had the cinnamon toast crunch French toast.  I couldn't stop eating it...to die for!  Friends had the hash browns and omelets and loved it.  Will be back to try their other menu items!
4	Being a breakfast fan, this is my favorite breakfast spot ever.  Pleasant staff, dressed in pj's.  A nice touch.  A good place to take anyone.  I've been probably a dozen times and have tried something different each time and have not been disappointed once.  They also serve illy coffee which is the best.  One very minor complaint.  Some of the booths are a little beat down and not the most comfortable.  Time for an upgrade.  The food and service make up for this though.  Not really a big deal
4	My husband, son and two friends flew into Vegas Sunday night.  We had a hard time trying to find food late and had to settle for a wing joint.  I opted not to have any food there and so by morning, I was starving.  Looked on Yelp and found this place.Really cute decor and wait staff in PJ's,, very charming.  We had an excellent waitress that took very good care of us, always very attentive.  I would say the table ordered just about every type of breakfast for the table.  From pancakes, omelets, oatmeal, bacon/eggs and potatoes.  Everything was delicious and filling.  My meal came with the pot of bread which I loved.  Half cinnamon roll and half dinner roll.  Yummy, although is wish it was bigger.My only negative is that I was a little pricey.  This place is in a shopping plaza not anywhere near the strip (which was our intention).  I felt I was a bit expensive for what I perceived to be a local place to dine.  Since we did eat late for breakfast we were good until, dinner, no lunch required!  Very filling!If you want to splurge order the fresh squeezed OJ.  Pricey at $3.25 a glass but tasted fresh and it was fabulous!
5	This place was such a delight, from the decor, food, and the service. Lisa was awesome. I felt like I was eating in her kitchen. The bread pot was delicious. They have the cutest lights that were daisy umbrellas. I would definitely come back. It was a lot of food I'm sad I didn't have a place to store and reheat my chilaquiles because I was staying in a hotel.
4	Great hospitality.  The wife and I had our 3yr old son with, who has a lot of energy and the waitress was great.  I had the 3 egg breakfast that I enjoyed. Hash browns a little dry but the eggs and Turkey kielbasa was great. Wife had the chicken and waffles that she seemed to enjoy.
5	This was the best breakfast I've had in quite awhile! I got the rib-eye with the chilaquiles and it was OUTSTANDING! The steak was cooked perfectly, the chilaquiles were cheesy, crunchy, ooey goodness! My mom had the NY strip benedict which was delicious and my grandma got the biscuits with gravy which she is extremely stingy about her biscuits and gravy and she loved it! The hash browns are soooo good to; super crisp and golden. We also got the french press, which was pricey but very good. The service was nice too, not anything outstanding, but a definite 8/10. Overall I loved it and will be returning to try the chicken and waffles!
4	5 star for French pressed coffee and peanut butter and blueberry compote French toast.4 star for service and cute bread in pot (but now that I tried, I won't wait for it next time)3 star for the steak and egg. Our steak came out over cooked. Their saving grace is our server sent it back and brought out a much improved version2 star for the over priced juice and milk in small glasses:(
5	If you live in Southern Highlands, it's a great little diner to eat breakfast at. I always worked mornings, so I couldn't go as often as I liked. I just ate here this morning and it is still as great as ever! Plus, I think they extended the hours. They're open until 3pm now. The waitresses are cool. I ordered an egg-white omelet with tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and swiss cheese. It was PERFECT! It also came with hash browns and toast. I ordered it like that, but there's loads of other choices as well. The portion was just right. I adore the spinning flower umbrellas on the ceiling, too. If you sit at the barstools you can watch them make the food. It all looked so amazing. The place is really clean and there's lots of light. If you want to see some pictures or their menu check out their website and Facebook. Definitely go here!!!
3	Rise & Grind is a really cute place to grab breakfast with family/friends, or you can choose to go alone and sit at the bar. They serve my favorite coffee (illy) and offer these cute little plant pots of cinnamon bread. (FYI; you need to arrive early to receive a pot of bread. They only make 100 a day) The prices are a little high for breakfast but you do receive a good portion of food. There's a variety of items on the menu to choose from. I will definitely visit again to enjoy my illy coffee and try something new.
5	Great costumer service!. The servers looked cute on their pajamas hehe. The food is great! I had the chilaquiles with steak and it was delicious!!!. OJ is fresh squeezed. I also try the cinnamon French toast, which had real pieces of cinnamon french toast!. Overall this place has really good breakfast. I would definitely stop by again. Until next time!
5	Ryley girl you are fantastic! She had a great personality and made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived. The steak and eggs Benedict on an everything bagel was perfection. The BF got the ultimate breakfast and loved it as well. The chilaquiles were delicious. Bread in a pot gets an A+ from me. Oh and how could I forget the hash-browns seriously sooo good. I was sad I couldn't finish my meal. The decor and staff adds to the charm of this neighborhood breakfast spot.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas so far. I have been going here for over two years. Previously was close to my place (it's just off cactus and Decatur/southern highlands parkway) but now I happily drive there. The wait can be long sometimes and no reservations. So go early! It is a small place. But worth a wait (never too long anyways) if you are a late-comer. The menu is great. Lots of options but especially great because all the food is amazing! My personal favorite is the New York steak spinach and Benedict bagel. I opt for the everything bagel. The hollandaise sauce with the balsamic flavor on top of perfectly poached eggs and fresh spinach and a steak is nothing to complain about. Their hash browns are delicious too. Shaved yet thick... And have a buttery crispness to them. Love!They also make these little cinnamon breads in clay pots "pot o bread" that is wonderful. Now... This used to be more wonderful when they made homemade jam with chunks of strawberries... But it's still delicious with butter or the packaged jam. OR I have been known to get a small side of the cheesecake icing or something they have so it is cinnamon bun like :) (recommended a while back by a waitress there)The next best thing here is their coffee. IF you're a coffee fan they have an option of French press or regular brew. I always go for the regular brew which is ILLY coffee. This is one of my fave roasts :) so I usually take a cup to go since it's hard to find in the city. You can tell the staff enjoy working there. I always see the same servers. Great atmosphere and great food means happy customers and happy staff :)The next best thing would be... That mostly anything that can be split in half you can order a half order. The price is somewhat changed (half or so) and is nice because the portions can be way too big! Or in case you're split between two dishes... It isn't written on the menu BUT they are so accommodating. You'll see!!Try it! You won't be disappointed. And IF by chance you are --- let them know and in a jiffy they will correct it... That you'll forget anything wasn't perfect and still leave there smiling!! My only downside would be the price.  Somehow I would like to see somewhat smaller portions and a slightly lower price. That is what makes me not go there as often. I feel breakfast should be max 10 per person. Not 15... But that would be my only complaint..YUM! Salivating writing this... Can't wait to go back!
4	I've been to this restaurant on a couple of occasions and it's never disappointed me. It has a neat decor and the staff all wear their pajamas. I ordered the Country Fried Steak and eggs and it's amazing! The steak is cooked perfectly and has a great tasty crunch. I got the hashbrowns on the side along with the "pot of bread". The hashbrowns were good, but nothing too special. The pot of bread was awesome though! It was incredibly fluffy with cinnamon baked in. They put some butter on top and it's perfect!This is the best breakfast place I've been to in Las Vegas and I will definitely be returning!
4	Only have had breakfast here. Food is very good with good choices. Service is pajama service and good. Cute umbrella decorated ceiling. Usually order ham steak and eggs with hash browns. The steak is huge, eggs always done to my order, hash browns could be crispier, but that takes longer. Not cheap, but good value for your buck.
5	Came here before I went to Daylight :)  Ordered the bagel & egg sandwich, 3 Little pigs.  Bacon, Ham, and banger with American cheese on an Everything bagel.  Pretty appetizing!  I wish I had asked for a slightly undercooked egg to break the yolk and let it smother my bagel though!  The "fries" are like hash, so don't expect the type of fries you get with a burger :)
4	We were staying off strip and this was the closest breakfast joint to our hotel so we stopped in. The waitresses were super nice and provided great service. They also wear pajamas. Get your mind out of the gutter though, nothing naughty to see here. The decor is really unique and colorful. I had the Chorizo burrito and it was outstanding. We'll definitely hit this joint again if we're even south of the strip again.
5	this place was great, everyone was super friendly, and I was a little jealous that the servers were running around in PJ's and I was wearing normal clothes. the food was really good, I got the French Toast, it was super delicious. definitely want to go back and try the other stuff on the menu
3	Food was good, atmosphere was cute, but WAY overpriced for just some breakfast. Small place so a little crowded. Overall, not worth the wait or price.
5	I don't even know where to begin. The decor is whimsical and fresh. The staff is friendly and there uniform is pajamas- freaking brilliant. The menu is reasonably priced, and the food is incredible. I had the chicken and waffles, season perfectly and very filling. It also came with the bread in a pot I thoroughly enjoyed. This dish also reheated well when I decided to finish it for a late lunch. My friend had the blueberry peanut butter pancakes, also delicious. I will be revisiting, just haven't decided if it will be every weekend or make a once a month thing so I don't over indulge.
4	Oh, how I love chicken and waffles! After seeing the pictures, I had to go! Like almost everyone else, this place is really far from us in the NW but it was well worth the drive. It is kinda small and we went for brunch but I'm guessing during breakfast, you may have to wait a bit.Of course I got the chicken and waffles...and it's one of the best versions I've had in Vegas! Even though I usually prefer bone-in breasts, they give you two huge boneless breasts that were excellent! The chicken itself is fried perfectly, crispy on the outside and super moist inside. Killer seasoning on the chicken too, it's not overly salty and even had a slight bit of spicy kick in it. The Belgian waffle was delicious, super moist, fluffy and they bring out a bunch of butter and warm syrup with the plate. My wife had the biscuits and gravy which she's normally really picky with but she loved it.We really liked this place but I think there prices are too high. The chicken and waffles is $13 which is a huge plate but the biscuits and gravy was kinda small portion-wise and was $10. They also charge $2.50 for HALF an avocado which is ridiculous. The waitresses dressed in pajamas was a nice touch and ours was really nice. Other than pricing, we loved the food and would come back in a hearbeat!
3	Great because it's close, food is good and prices are fair. They serve Illy coffee(yay), I get the chicken and waffles or rib eye chiliquilles. By 9am is busy and wait is 30-45 min on weekends, we usually go past brunch time. Thats when i wake up anyway on weekends.So it works out perfectly....hehe
5	We came here for Sunday brunch and had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated, but it was well worth the wait. The French press coffee is AH-MAZING!  The chicken and waffles, Chilaquiles, and bacon wrapped filet with eggs were so good!  Service was great too. We will definitely be back!
4	4.5 stars!  This place is off the beaten path...  no where near the strip and thats a good thing.  The food is very very good, we ordered the chilaquiles, eggs benedict and a waffle.  The minus half star is for the waffle, too doughy and the temperature in the restaurant (on the warm side).  Aside of those minor glitches everything was great, the chilaquiles were perfection from the beans, cheese, homemade tortilla chips and salsa.  My husband raved about the eggs benedict too.  Definitely try the french press coffee, so good.  We will be back next time we visit LV because this place is legit.
3	What happened?? I've been here about 3 or 4 times in the past and it was my favorite breakfast place. My last visit made me realize that I am no longer a fan. My favorite breakfast dishes of all time would have to be chicken n' waffles and corn beef n' hash with eggs. And by far the best place I've had them was at Bouchon inside the Venetian. I know I can't compare a local place like this to an upscale fancy casino spot. However, I've had those two dishes at other places that were by no means fancy and it was still delicious. So I know I'm not being picky. But I was truly disappointed with what I was served on my last visit. The corn beef n' hash I ordered was a total disappointment. First I ordered the eggs medium. When my food arrived, they weren't yolky at all. It was cooked completely through. The hash was complete mush and the corn beef was sparse. I hate wasting food, so I ate as much as I could, but I still left some on my plate. The cinnamon bread they serve in the pot was my fave. My bf ordered the chicken n' waffles. This was a lot better than my dish. The chicken was crisp and the waffle warm. The chicken was a bit on the dry side so I just smothered it with syrup even more. I love that the syrup is served warm with a cinnamon stick inside the bottle. My bf is a huge coffee drinker during breakfast. He will probably go through 3-5 cups. He said that the coffee tasted like the coffee you get at a hospital, so when he only had about 1.5 cups, I knew there was something off. 3 stars for being seated quickly, our super friendly waitress Shannon and the cute decor. I was really excited to bring the bf to a new breakfast spot, but I'm sad to say that I will not be returning. I will miss the pot of bread though.
5	Happened along this restaurant and was pleasantly surprised. The food was excellent,  service was awesome, location ehh a little far from home but its all worth it in the end.. we had the bacon wrappped steak and the ham steak both were cooked perfectly.. the little pot of bread was cool and a great twist on a cinnamon roll.. this place is great can't wait to visit again and try more items from the menu..
5	Fantastic food, servers in pajamas and cute decor. The service was great and the syrup pourer was drip less. Can't wait to go back
5	Great place, fun staff and the food was yummy.
5	This place was awesome! Love the a atmosphere and the food was great. Loved the bread in a pot and chicken and waffles.
4	The boyfriend finally agreed to go out for breakfast and this made me beyond happy. The place: Rise and Shine in Southern Highlands. Very quaint, family-run breakfast/lunch spot.We arrived just after 11 and had a 20 min wait. Thank goodness for the gorgeous Fall weather.  Our name was finally called and a 10-13 year old brought us to our table. Normally, the idea of children working in a restaurant annoys me. Restaurants is a serious business and throwing your underaged kids in the mix is more distracting than it is helpful. But at R&S, this little one was very mature and informative.  Pleasant surprise.The wait staff are garbed in PJ sets to match the name of the restaurant. Clever. But the food...not overly complicated and that's how I like my favorite meal of the day.-Corned beef hash with eggs: yum! Not my typical choice but happy I did this time.-Peanut Butter and Blueberry jam French toast: this was a buffer dish in case the hash didn't work out but then I just ended up way stuffed.-Spiced Rib eye steak and eggs: this was the bf's meal. Served with the egg atop nachos instead of the meat was odd and looked very heavy to me. He said it wasn't bad. The streak was seasoned well as I had to try at least one piece.There are no TVs for distraction so it's a great place for families with kids. Can't wait to go back to try their pot of cinnamon bread as they ran out this time.  Food was good but service will make me a repeat guest.
5	Great steak eggs  combo with egg whites nice decor friendly staff as well I'll be back soon !! The spot!!
4	A little overpriced but the food is definitely good. I had the hams teak and eggs with hash browns. Nothing left on the plate but the gam bone.
4	Went this morning for the very first time. Items ordered:  the ultimate (3 eggs and 8 oz ribeye), and the eggs Benedict. After learning what the "pot of bread" was, we ordered one of those as well. We also had the French press coffee. Love, love that they use Illy coffee. So good.I admit to having been nervous about the eggs Benedict, because they use ham instead of Canadian bacon, and the menu also noted it had balsamic vinegar on it. Don't get me wrong, love balsamic, just never had it on eggs Benedict.Food arrives. Yum!!  Best eggs Benedict I think I've ever eaten. The ham was very flavorful and tender, and the balsamic drizzle added just a little touch of flavor. My hubby's steak tasted great and his eggs were cooked perfectly. Hash browns were also very good. Nice potato flavor and not overly crispy. The pot of bread was marvelous. It's described as a cross between a cinnamon roll and dinner roll. To the previous reviewer who complained that it tasted "yeasty"....um homemade bread is supposed to have a yeasty flavor. Decor was nice and loved the servers wearing jammies.  They were all friendly and seemed happy to be there. Only complaint was it felt awfully warm in there, but maybe that was from all the yummy food being prepared. Will be back, and definitely recommend!
5	I was trying to find a reason to give this place less than 5 stars, and I couldn't! (It's Nov 17, and they already have Christmas music playing. I love that sort of thing, but maybe those who think it's too early for all this festive cheer may dock a star.)Shannon our server was so sweet!!  Almost as sweet as the freshly squeezed OJ. (You have to get a glass of this stuff!!)We ordered the biscuits and gravy, which tasted great!  The biscuits weren't too doughy, and they were covered in that quintessential Midwestern gravy.Also had the double fisted crispy chicken bagel sandwich.  They weren't kidding when they named this thing. It was giant, with a tender piece of friend chicken, scrambled eggs, melted provolone, spinach, AND bacon!!! I got it on an everything bagel. If you want a satisfying and flavorful breakfast off the strip, this is your place.
5	This place was so good we came back a second time while on our trip to Vegas. Highly recommend the French Press coffee! Also you have to get a pot of bread, delish! The atmosphere is cute and comfy. Friendly staff.
5	Too good! I tryed the bacon wraped steak medalions the steak was top notch and I must admit so were the eggs and potatoes..the only bummer is that this place did not serve beer...I love steak eggs and beer!...MUST TRY THIS PLACE PPL..DO IT!
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas! Love the chilaquiles and the atmosphere!
5	Chicken and waffles were excellent and I loved my pot of bread.  Yumm.
5	The wait was 20-25 minutes when we came at 9:45 on a Sunday morning.  Well worth it.We had chicken & waffles- very good, very crispy, and the syrup came warm.  Also country fried steak and eggs- excellent!  Huge, crispy, and with a little bit of a spicy kick.  I personally got the pancakes, and took the server's advice to ask for the blueberries cooked inside.  Loved!  It was fresh, flavorful berries, and a generous amount.Best of all, everyone in my family loved breakfast, from baby to grandma.  Take it from me- this bunch is hard to please.
4	Very good hidden gem for breakfast! Nice atmosphere and in the heart of Southern Highlands!
5	My friend and I have visited this wonderful breakfast place several times and will be back several more. The waitstaff is wonderful always taking care of the customer. The food is excellent. I have nothing bad at all to say. Go visit and try it for yourself.
1	Unfortunately we won't be returning until their health grade improves from a C, if at all. We love this place but their cleanliness and food handling demerits are a deal breaker.
5	Our last meal before we headed home from our week long stay in Las Vegas. After a week, we were looking for something other than a buffet. My wife found this place and wow, what a gem it was. It's way south of the Strip, but it's worth the drive. Here's the rundown:French Pressed Coffee - it's a long drive, so I needed a good cup of Joe. What a cup!! First off, they use Illy coffee (Italian espresso coffee bean, my favorite) It comes in a big French press container (good for at least 3+ cups of coffee, good for at least 2 persons) and a sand glass timer to determine how strong you like it (cute touch). Talk about a good start to your meal, if you're a coffee drinker, you've got to try this. Great Coffee. Pot of Bread - literally a bread baked in a small terre cotta pot (another cute touch). The top is brushed with cinnamon sugar and is very good. This is one of your bread choices w/ your breakfast meal (other choices are toast or biscuit) pot of bread would be my recommendation. It's unique and a good eats. Ultimate Steak & Eggs - 8 oz ribeye steak and two eggs (there is an option for 3 eggs)  with hash brown. My steak was cooked medium rare (as requested). It's on the thin side but was very delicious. Crispy Chicken Breast & Waffles - this was my wife's order. But this will be my order next time. OMG. The best chicken & waffles I've ever tasted. Yes, better than Roscoe's C & W. I prefer dark meat, but their crispy chicken breast was incredible. The chicken was indeed very crispy outside, but the breast was so moist and soft inside. Tons of flavor, delicious!!  And the waffle was so so good. Yum yum yum. The best period. A MUST ORDER. Service was super friendly and helpful, thanks Lisa! On this day, all the waitresses were dressed in pajamas (yes another cute touch)Info: they are only open for breakfast & lunch. They close at 3 pm. If you're sick of the buffet and want something different and really good, come here. You won't regret it. I'm rating this a 5 star plusI'll definitely be back.
3	This place is pretty good. The wait time to be seated is always long since the restaurant is so small but they do have good food. Southern Highlands needed a breakfast place in that shopping center and Im glad they opened it there. It beats driving all the way to go to Ihop or Dennys on Las Vegas Blvd.
1	just waited 45 minutes no service saw 4 groups that arrived after us get seated just left
4	It's a wonderful place! Love the food and the staff are always warm and friendly! We try and make it once a week. The portions are large and delicious. Kinda pricey but that is because SH rent is so high. Two  thumbs up!!
5	WOW what a fantastic find, the food was fantastic, very fresh.  The service was top notch, thank you Riley for the wonderful dining experience.  We will definitely come back next time we are in Vegas..  #fighton
4	This place is amazing. What friendly service too! I ordered the steak w poached eggs on chilequiles . Everything was SO fresh and delicious tasting!!!!!!! My steak (ordered med rare) was cooked perfectly and tender! And the waitress was so nice & attentive. Loooooooove this place !
4	We arrived at Rise and Shine around 10:00 on Sunday morning.  It was already full.  I'm glad we arrived when we did, because within 5 minutes (no exaggeration) there was a 25-30 minute wait.  And, people stayed.  So, given that the regulars were willing to wait a half hour, I figured we were going to enjoy a solid breakfast.I had the chicken fried steak and eggs.  I chose the pot of bread, which was brought out early as an appetizer of sorts.  It was warm, and the butter served alongside was room temperature, so spreading was easy.  l liked the cinnamon flavor in the bread, but I think I would have preferred some toast or a biscuit with my meal rather than this bread prior.  The steak itself is a good size, and thick for a chicken fried steak.  This was an issue, as some of the areas were not as tender as I prefer.  I think the meat needed more tenderizing prior to preparation.  Also, it did not appear to be seasoned.  If the meat had seasoning prior to breading, even just some salt and pepper, it would really elevate this dish.  That being said, it was very good, particularly with the tasty sausage gravy.  The accompanying scrambled eggs were very fluffy.  They were fluffy to the point that they stand out among just about every other place I've ordered eggs in this town.  You get a substantial order of potatoes, which were above average.  I ordered them well done, and was glad I did.  My wife's order had barely any color on them, and I prefer them crunchy.Servers wear pajamas and were very friendly, which was great.  My tea glass got close to empty once, but she was right there with a refill.  Excellent service overall.  Will we return?  It's not likely given the distance from our house.  But, if I was in the area again I absolutely would eat here and recommend you do the same.
4	This place hits the spot.  French pressed coffee is excellent, fresh squeezwd oj and delicious food.  This place made me a member of the clean plate club.
1	NEVER EVER EVER GO HERE! This place is ridiculous I am not sure if it is bad management or greedy owners, but the service here is awful. There are only a handful of employees which equals a long wait for expensive mediocre food.  The first time I came here was on a Sunday morning so I chalked up the wait and the mediocre food to the fact it was Sunday morning. Today I arrived at 12:00 and waited for 20 minutes to be sat. I was rushed to order as soon as I sat down so I ordered and after an hour of waiting for our food I left the money for my drink on the table and left. I will not be returning and will stick to blueberry hill when  I'm craving breakfast food. If you have two hours to wait then go here but if not I suggest you go SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!!!!!
4	Found this place on yelp. Wanted to get some breakfast on our way out of Vegas. Service was outstanding. The waitress was very sweet and always attentive. Food was good. I think it's a bit better then other places you'll find in Vegas. Definitely get the steak and eggs if you are really hungry. Pictures attached
1	Horrible. From the price of juice and milk for kids to the moldy grapes that laid on my food and I mean white mold. Disgusting. Lost my appetite. Service is very very slow and there was only 5 tables. For a place that had steak in their name my daughter did not eat her steak and eggs as it was a horrible peace of cheap sirloin. We live a block a way and will never go back again.
5	Few times I am surprised when it comes to brkfst. Eggs are eggs. This place really rocks. Stopped by on the way home to LA. Best steak & Eggs for the hubby. Kids loved the pot of bread. I recommend the corned beef hash extra crispy. The french press coffee a plus! Take the family. U won't be disappointed. Ask for Lisa. Just the sweetest waitress ever. The pjs are a cute touch.
5	Took my wife here for Mother's day brunch. We didnt have a reservation, but the wait wasn't too long(considering it was mothers day). The food was really good too. I had the ham steak and eggs with hash browns and my wife had the Texas French toast. Prices were reasonable and the staff was very friendly and attentive.
2	Haven't been here in awhile because it's always just been ok. It's close to us, so thought we'd try it again. Went around 10am and it was busy. They told us it was a 15 minute wait but was less than 10. We both ordered omelets which were good, not great. One was fluffy and the other was almost too done, should have a little consistency. The breakfast potatoes are bland. The pot of bread is good, cute idea. Service is really good, servers wear pj's as their uniform and are all sweet. Two omelets, a hot tea, and oj was $34 before tip, seems a little high for what it is. I'd go back but mainly for the convenience that it's so close.
5	My husband and I were looking for a breakfast place close to our house one Sunday morning. I suggested Rise and Shine after reading other Yelp reviews. Boy am I glad we did! We have been there a few times and we haven't been disappointed! My favorite so far is the Chicken and Waffles. The fried chicken is AMAZING!!! The batter is super crunchy and the chicken breast is super juicy and tender. I highly recommend coming here for breakfast on the weekends.
5	Great food! Super friendly staff! A great place to start your morning off right with the most important meal of the day.I am looking forward to having breakfast here again soon!
3	First time here was a decent experience. Service was great. And food was good. I had the classic steak and eggs. Steak was pretty flavorful. Only complaint is that the steak was overcooked. I ordered medium rare and it came out well done. The rarest part of the steak looked medium well. Although it was over cooked. It was a pretty tender piece of steak. But if the steak is the main part of the meal, the cooks need to be more attentive to that. Selling point is the steak. Not the hash browns, biscuits, eggs, etc.... service wasn't too bad either. Although they could've done a bit more than walk away after I let them know about the steak.
3	We live nearby so we thought we would give R&S  a try for breakfast @ 10:30 on a Sunday. After a 10 min wait we were seated. My bf commented that the large crowd of patrons and the tight seating arrangements didn't make for a very private or comfortable meal. Half of our tiny table was filled with various condiments. The waitstaff was professional, prompt, and pleasant. The amount of healthy options on the menu was limited. I would say the prices for most items were a bit high. Even though it is close to the house, I don't think I will be returning.
3	Place is really cute and love the theme of wait staff wearing pj's but the meals were very over priced and the kids pancakes were a joke there were 3 tiny pancakes and the kids' meals don't include drinks.  Glad we tried it but won't go back.
4	I had the chicken and waffles....chicken beast without the bone, juicy lightly crisp.Waffle hot off the griddle, served with chicken on top of the waffle and sprinkles Of powdered sugar. I liked the way the syrup is served......warm in a bottle of cinnamon sticks:)
4	What can I say great breakfast. Good lunch options.  Large portions and good coffee.Don't skip the pot o bread it is yummy.  Steak chiliquilles (sp?) Is very good. Breakfast burritos are large and tasty.Why only four stars you ask.  Well the salsa looks feels and tastes like pace brand salsaThe chicken fried steak.  Well this is hard for me because I am from Texas and have grown accustomed to good chicken fried steak.  The one served here looks like a chicken fried steak. The cream gravy is good but every time I've had it here they didn't trim the fat.  Nothing worse than cutting a piece off and the first bite bieng oddly chewie.All in all if you live nearby you must try the rise and shine.  Just stay aeay from the chicken fried steak.... unless you just don't know any better.
5	My new favorite place to eat breakfast.  My girlfriend and I just moved near here.  We've stopped by about 3 times since.  Haven't had a bad meal yet.  The service has been good and friendly each time.
4	The place has an amazing menu. My friends and I each order different things and share. The chicken and waffles has to be my favorite. I also enjoyed the french toast. I think we ate here atleast three times while we were in Vegas. Large portions and the prices were decent.
5	The chilaquiles might be the greatest breakfast I've ever had. I can't remember if it was just a special or if it was on the menu, but holy moly. There was a lot of food and I generally don't clear my plate at a breakfast place, but this was amazing. A must try!
5	I come here every year for my birthday. You can't go wrong with the breakfast menu. The only downside about this place is that it's far from my house.
2	The servers wearing pajamas is original and the french press coffee is a refreshing option for this side of town.We had high hopes for this restaurant, but unfortunately the menu serves up cheap ingredients to its patrons (for the exception of the Illy coffee) and the cooks fall short on preparing food properly.  At a price point of $10-$15 for breakfast, they should know how to cook eggs properly.  Nothing irritates us more than when a cook makes two cheap/small eggs (over medium)  together on an extremely high heat using a bright yellow colored fat  (margarine?).  The plate was loaded with what appeared to be nasty refined margarine or oil.  I soaked up two napkins full of this nasty stuff.  We were delivered two rounds of this type of cooking and just gave up.  The hash browns that we ordered as golden (as opposed to raw in oil) were flash fried.  Disgusting and half hearted presentation.  Seriously, Robert Irvine would have hit the roof if he was ever served this food.  We also ordered  pancakes that were loaded with artificial vanilla extract.  I've tasted better frozen pancakes than the chemical cakes cakes served at this restaurant.Sorry but it's true. Very disappointing.If money is no object and you don't care about what's in the food that you put into your body, this is your place.If you really want to have a top shelf breakfast with amazing ingredients, visit EAT downtown.  It is so worth the drive and your body will thank you for it.
5	This is the best breakfast place. Everything is really good. I love the eggs Benedict. Everyone is super friendly and we get great service. I also love the French press coffee!
5	On your way back to LA from Vegas, get away from the city and head into this charmer! They truly know how to do breakfast, and even serve you in full pajamas! This restaurant had the most charm with their open kitchen and umbrella lights hanging from the ceiling. Riley was our server, who was so unbelievably kind and attentive to our half full coffees and waters. She was fast too! We ordered up a two egg breakfast with bacon and potatoes ($9) and the corned beef hash and eggs ($10.50) PLUS a short stack of pancakes with warm cinnamon maple syrup. I know it sounds beyond basic, but this is the ultimate American breakfast at its best!  The corned beef was hearty, more on the beef side than the potato and the pancakes were light and fluffy. The bacon was just right, a crunch with a chewy middle. This cute restaurant really seems to be a favorite around town and we will definitely stop by again after a weekend in sin city.
5	I was sooo impressed with this place. I hate that it closes so early but I will make sure I get to go there at least once while I am in town. Everyone got something different at the table and everything was great! Can't wait to go back and get a biscuit
4	Great Breakfast place!!'
5	Damn! Really good. I had chicken waffles w/ eggs biscuit and gravy it was on point. Havent had chicken waffles in years. Will come back when i visit vegas. Ultimate steak and eggs was just as equally as good.
4	it's not "Chicken & Waffles....", but it's "Chicken & Waffle"!  and oh my lord is it GREAT!  Freshly Squeezed OJ hit the spot too.. This place is so worth the drive to Southern Highlands.  We went on a Saturday just before noon, and a party of 5 of us only waited less than 10 minutes for a seat.  This is a must try!!
5	EVERYTHING on this menu is amazing!  My husband loves the Chicken and WafflesMy kids love the PancakesI love the Eggs Benedict!
4	Nice staff. very vibrant decor to the place. My steak was cooked a good mid rare, hash brown were mighty tasty, biscuit was delectable . Good quality in steak, but I wished with was more seasoned.
4	Really liked it alot.  Lots of interesting things on the menu.  Steak chilaquiles.
5	Excellent.  Visiting from ca and found this place on Yelp.  Excellent food, service and friendly atmosphere.Will definitely come back next time we visit Las Vegas.
5	I love this place! My husband and I come every weekend :) good food, great servers, great atmosphere! I love the servers in pjs and the umbrellas on the ceiling.  restaurant with personality!
4	Took the family here on a recent trip to Vegas and desperately wanted to get out of the downtown areas scene of food. Looked this place up on Yelp for favorite bfast spots and saw all the great reviews. All I can say is I am glad we stopped in. This place is tucked into a strip mall which I could care less about. The scenery inside is very eclectic and relaxing. I was more excited about the food!My only suggestion is if you come on a Sunday is come early...we had to wait about 30 mins for a table which was ok because we were not in a hurry. Once seated we ere greeted by a very friendly waitress who suggested a hot pot of french press coffee for the table which was delicious! The menu is packed full of great selections, but they specialize in steak so I decided to get the steak house omelet. It was pretty good, but not the best steak I have had so not judging it off the Ruth's Chris steak quality. My daughter ordered this 2 fisted bagel sandwich filled full of eggs, bacon, ham and homemade sausage and it was killer! I was overall very impressed by this restaurant and most importantly the exceptional service. All the waitresses wear pajamas which my daughters thought were fun. I will definitely be back to this place when in Vegas time permitting....
4	Been here on 2 visits. The first one was 3 years ago or so and I recently came here because 2 of my friends raved about how good the chicken and waffles is. The first time I don't remember what I ordered but it was something from the steak and eggs side of the menu, wasn't really that good considering I can't remember what it was and it didn't bring me back. We had the pot of bread on both visits and yes it is good especially if you smother it with butter, but hey adding butter to anything makes it taste good. So the second visit my friend I shared the chicken and waffle. It was a huge piece of chicken breast on top of a waffle. The thing that stuck out to me was that the breading had a slight spice to it, very nice touch I must say.  I also like the fact they use a chicken breast which makes it easier to eat with a waffle and place both waffle and chicken on your fork. The is definitely a sharable portion as my friend and I were full afterwards.  It was pretty good, but nothing to make me drive all the way over here considering the location is all the way in Southern Highlands. One of my friend's who recommended it said it's better than Roscoe's chicken and waffles?! I've never had Roscoe's, but if Rise and Shine is a 3.5 in my book I can only wonder why people rave about Roscoe's?! If I wasn't too weight conscious I probably would of gotten a parfait as well. Our other friend ordered the red velvet pancakes and they said it was okay compared the pancakes at Baby Stacks.
5	We had breakfast here this morning. It was difficult to choose from their large menu. I had an omelette with a side of corned beef hash and my wife had the Benedict. The food was amazing. Best hash I've ever had. Add the table side French press coffee and the kids pancakes and waffle and we have a new favorite breakfast spot in Vegas must check it out.
4	Good breakfast, cute decor. The breakfast options are very good and the prices are reasonable. The service was not bad either. When I am in town I would come back here for breakfast.
5	This is a great way to end a crazy weekend in Vegas. Best hangover-prepare for normalacy food. The food is great for the price too!FOOD:Standard breakfast foods. It's better than Denny's/IHOP and such. I try to come here to have their breakfast meals. SO GOOD. SERVICE:Great. The people are in jammies and are attentive! DECOR: Very cute! Umbrellas and pajamas. WAIT:You will wait on Sunday mornings.PARKING:Tons, free, lotPRICE: Like Denny's... you get your bang for your buck.
5	The cinnamon french toast is great. The red velvet chocolate chip pancakes are excellent! Best red velvet pancakes I've had. The 3 little pigs breakfast sandwich is also excellent. And of course, there's the pot-o-bread which is very good. Always good service. Do not waste your time with places like Denny's and IHop. This is a real breakfast place.
3	Solid food. Great service. Servers in pajamas! Illy coffee. Excellent bread in a pot...part cinnamon roll, part yeast roll. Get it with the cream cheese syrup! Outdoor seating. Cute spinning umbrellas on the ceiling fans. Great brunch spot.
5	I'm very picky when it comes to Breakfast and most importantly eggs and how's certain people make them. I chose the ribeye and 3 eggs with cheddar and I had zero complaints!!!!! Will definitely return the atmosphere is nice and our server was definitely cool to.
3	Way more than I have ever spent on breakfast without drinks... or any meal without drinks... But food was REALLY good... so if you have lots of money and want really good food.... here u go!
3	Your first thought when walking in? "Look how neat this place is!" Servers in pajamas, upside down flower-print umbrellas hanging from the ceiling (some even spin!), and overall relaxed vibe. The wait for me is usually about 10-20 minutes depending on what time I get there. Like Marie T., this place USED to be my favorite breakfast place. It was also icing on the cake that it is walking distance from my abode. I keep giving them chances to change my mind, but I get disappointed every time.My favorite thing to order is the Fancy Steakhouse Omelet. Thankfully, its taste consistency has remained the same and is always "good." My second favorite would be the Crispy Fried Chicken Breast and Waffle. I was never a fan of Chicken & Waffles until I ate it at this place. The New York Steak, Spinach, & Benedict-Bagel was the worst thing that I have ever ordered. The presentation was extremely lacking.. The words Hot Mess came to mind; which made my food unappetizing. The Pot of Bread for a side is one of the reasons why I keep wanting to come back, but for the last THREE times they have been unable to keep up with the demand and simply say "they're out." Instead, customers have to choose between getting toast or a biscuit. Ugh. If you're a server and you see that my hash browns are either burnt or undercooked then do not bring it out to me. I will say something. Also, we keep getting handed other people's tabs.. get it together guys.
5	I found my new favorite breakfast place! I started with the yogurt parfait w/ honey, granola and bananas, loved it. I had a hard time deciding what to order because everything sounded amazing but after consulting with our server she suggested the eggs benedict and I was not disappointed. My boyfriend ordered the steak omelet and I made him get the pot of bread, so good!Great food and service, check it out
5	We were staying at the M resort and wanted a local breakfast spot. We yelped and found this place. Chicken and waffles were fantastic, service was impeccable... A great break from the crazy of Las Vegas. It's worth leaving the hotel for this place.
5	This place is always on point even when they are busy. The owner is friendly and we have always had a great experience in this restaurant.
5	The Chicken and waffles were surprisingly very good. I was against the whole chicken/waffle thing, but I finally decided to try. And I'm happy to say I was able to try them here for the first time. Theirs so many flavors while chewing it in your mouth. Well done! The coffee was also delicious. The only down fall to this place is that it's so hot inside the restaurant! I was sweating and not just because I was having a coffee, but seriously hot in there from the minute I entered.
2	The staff here was friendly but the food was sub par. There were a lot of weird twist to the breakfast plates that weren't explained on the menu when you order. Pancakes were probably the highlight on this menu after trying the spot out 4 different times.
5	Best steak and eggs ever! It's fairly busy on a Sunday but they generally do a great job with getting you in. You will leave this place feeling more than satisfied. Seriously, best breakfast EVER!!!
4	Really cute place but it's a little small. We waited about 25 minutes for a table. The waiters wear pajamas which is kinda cool. I will come back when I'm in the neighborhood.
5	5 stars is not enough for this place. Food is amazing, service was excellent and a very relaxed atmosphere. Place was very busy wait was about 20 min. The eggs benedict and the kitchen and waffels were great they are a must have. If your in the south valley this is best breakfast place.
1	We really wanted to like this place after seeing all the good reviews, but sadly this was not the case. 3 of us went today for breakfast-1 got the Cinnamon crusted french toast,which was gross tasting-1-got the Red Velvet pancakes-those were okay, had better- and 1 got the NY strip steak and eggs, the steak looked more like a rib eye that was super thin. If your going to say your a "steak & egg" place your meat should be better quality especially when you are charging $13.25. The first 2 cups of coffee were warm. The pot of bread was okay-too much of a yeast taste for me. Service was okay, even though our waitress got our order mixed up with the table next to us-which might explain why the steak was not right. For 3 of us it cost over $40 for breakfast-definitely was not worth it. Save your money and go elsewhere.
5	First impressions lasting impressions.The place is decorated whimsically with soothing colors and hanging umbrellas. The wait staff are wearing pajamas! ...very clever.The wait on this particular Sunday morning was reasonable with a sunny outside patio.The menu choices were abundant and varietal. I'm having pancakes "plattered" which adds 2 eggs, meat, and something else.This place specializes in steak and eggs by the way, which my three companions ordered and took great delight in. I ran an obstacle marathon (Spartan Race) and am craving carbs something terrible.Side note: this neighborhood is gorgeous, you'll notice all of the trees as soon as you are here; very beautiful.
5	I visited for Sunday brunch and the place was slammed.  During my fifteen minute wait I watched various delicious looking meals go by, and noted the satisfied bliss of those receiving them.  I was seated at the countermand was attended to promptly my one of the many pajama clad waitresses.  My bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and egg breakfast was awesome!  I shall return to try more of their delights!
5	Best breakfast brunch place!  Their chicken and waffles is to die for, and I love decor and service (who wear cute pajama uniforms). It's like a modern diner feel, and everyone is so friendly. Get their early because by 8:30am it starts getting pack!
4	Good food, fun atmosphere.
5	Great food, coffee and service. It's mom and pop places like this that should be supported.
5	I had the ultimate steak and eggs and it was perfect!  I ordered it medium rare with my eggs over easy, everything came cooked to perfection. Our server was Riley, super nice and attentive!  The atmosphere is awesome as well. Highly recommend!
4	Soooo good! The hype everyone is making about their chicken and waffles and pot of bread is definitely valid. Their chicken and waffles is nowhere near Roscoe's quality, but it's a close second. Definitely the best in Vegas. Can't complain about the portion size either. The pot of bread is definitely not what I expected. I thought it'd just be a roll type of bread but I was wrong. To my surprise, it was more like a Cinnabon! And it looks small but it's still pretty filling. The servers and hostesses were extremely friendly as well. Our server was sweet and gladly answered any questions I had about the menu. Not to mention, they're all dressed in pajamas which makes the place even better lol.The reason why I have this place 4 out of 5 starts is because of the steak and eggs I ordered, which were also talked highly about on Yelp reviews. Personally I didn't see what the big deal was. I've had better tasting steak and eggs at Southpoint during their late night specials. The size of the steak was decent but the flavor was eh. Other than that, I'd highly recommend this place for a staple breakfast spot.
4	This place was good! Very crowded but the wait wasn't too bad. Our waitress Rylee was amazing and always around if we needed something. The pot of bread is to die for and a must order. I want to go back just for 5 orders of that. The only thing that wasn't amazing was the steak, it was dry and tough. However it could have been an off day. We will definitely be going back.
5	Surprised the hubby to a Vegas trip for his birthday and of course he wanted to find a steak and egg spot. Naturally we would've gone somewhere on the strip but being the yelpers we are we found this spot and content with the results. I'm such a foodie but since I'm also trying to watch my portions I was hesitant on what I would order. I ended up ordering the steak omelette (egg whites only) which came with the sauce and hash browns. Went with the bread in pot as my side bread option which was PERFECT for me since I'm watching my food portions. I enjoyed every bite of the perfectly cooked steak and the omelette was fluffy. I will say that they put a little too much cheese in it but overall great flavor. I was full and didn't even touch the hash browns but my hubby said they were yummy. He ordered the bacon wrapped tenderloin which he said was just perfect. This will be a must breakfast spot next time were in Vegas.
5	This place is AWESOME! Great food, great service and the prices are very reasonable. It's pretty cool that all the waitresses wear pajamas.
5	First time at rise and shine, first review I've bothered to write for a restaurant.  Had the chicken fried steak and it was delicious.  Will be back again, I only fear writing this review will make it slightly more crowded
4	The decor was bright and wonderful.  Our server looked totally comfortable in her pajama uniform which reflected in her excellent service.  The French pressed coffee was delicious especially next to the yummy pot of bread.  The place misses the mark in the steak and eggs.  They were just not cooked to the way I ordered but still good.   I will totally come back try more on the menu.
4	I drove over here from the southpoint so i didnt need to eat their nasty buffet, I was happy to see a regular restaurant without smoking or gambling... they also have these amazing cinnamon rolls that come in a cup. what a good idea they are delicious.
4	Had the ultimate steak breakfast.  Ribeye, eggs, and hashbrowns. It was very good. The steak wasnt as fatty as I usually like when I grill myself, but still very good. The hashbrowns and eggs were awesome. Fresh squeezed oj was great.
5	This place is amazing. Great atmosphere, great service, and most of all great food. You must try the French press coffee.
5	Fast service, delicious healthy food, and friendly staff! Waitresses are dressed in pj, which makes you feel like home. The design of the restaurant is cute too:)
5	Wonderful choice on our way into Vegas for the weekend. Wait was about 20 min, not too bad. We had Crispy Chicken Bagel, Chicken and Waffles, Chiliquiles and Chicken Fried Steak. Everything was great! Wish we had this back in San Diego! Can't wait to go back!  Customer service was outstanding!
5	I live right around the corner, and my son and I love coming to eat for brunches. He stares at the umbrella, colors with crayons, and eats tons of eggs and bacon. Bonus, you can build your own omelette so I stuff it with veggies. I'm not a big fan of sugary breakfast items, so I can't say anything about those, sorry.I CAN say that despite the slightly pricey entrees, I still keep coming back. Always joyful service (and their uniforms are PJs!), delicious coffee press, unique dishware, and their hash browns are my favorite. You can try the other breakfast places people usually frequent, but I LOVE Rise and Shine.
5	I loved the hash browns here. They were some of the best hash browns I've had. The rest of my breakfast was perfect as well. I missed the pot of bread and accidentally asked for toast instead. I then tried some of my husband's and it was so good. The staff was really friendly and so helpful. If I ever drive through Vegas again, I will try my hardest to stop here. Mmmmmm.
4	The ambiance was great and our server awesome.  It's cool to come in and see flowers hanging from the ceiling, you'll know what I mean when you see it.  The servers are dressed in PJ's, just a really cool, quaint place that isn't overly loud or overly quiet.  A great place to catch up with friends.  The servers are pretty awesome too.  Come check it out.
5	I took my wife here after reading all the reviews on Yelp. This is officially our FAVORITE breakfast place EVER! -- FAIR WARNING: Once you eat here it's going to be hard to eat at places like Denny's and IHOP again, it's that good!My wife had Chicken and Waffles with Pot of Bread (Cinnamon) and iced tea.I had Steak and chilaquiles (just a fancy word for nachos) with eggs over easy + French Pressed coffee to drink -- I also ordered some extra gravy with the biscuit that came with my mealOur whole meal was about $35... not too bad.Everything tasted PERFECT -- The coffee had me on 10,000 hyper mode and my appetite kicked in... and the added surprise was that the "nachos" had this BBQ beans on it -- you let that egg run + avocado + bbq beans + sour cream and the blend is CRAZY GOODMy wife said it was the best fried chicken she's ever had and the batter they used was to die for. The waitress was sweet enough to give my wife some FREE cinnamon cream cheese stuff (that NORMALLY goes on the red velvet pancakes) for her pot of bread because the waitress tried it herself before and was basically suggesting we try that. Love tips like this.
4	Try the chilaquiles!
4	This is the second time my daughter and I have been to this restaurant and both experiences have been great. The food is good but the service is phenomenal! I love food but I'm a stickler for service. I don't care how great the food is if the service sucks I will not be going back! This place by far exceeded my standards of service , Emily and Riley rock! They were very accommodating to my picky style of ordering and very patient with my 7 year old daughter, I always let her order for herself....This place gets 2 thumbs up from me! We will definitely be returning!
5	This was by far one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.  I own a concierge business in Henderson and went there with one of my clients.  It was excellent!  Try it out, you will be pleased.  C Hubel
3	Love this place!!  BUT, what happened to the pot of bread?!?  The last FOUR times I've been in they've been "out" of them.  If you keep running out of them over and over, wouldn't that be a sign to start ordering more?  The food is great, but for the price you pay, they should have it more together.
4	Great little find on the way out of town, I will definitely put this on the rotation when I'm in Vegas. I had the eggs benadict and it was amazing best part was the hash Browns, perfectly seasoned with the right amount of crisp. Waitress was great also.
5	Absolutely love this place. Today was my first time and I don't know how I never knew about it! The atmosphere is very welcoming and the waiters/waitresses are extremely nice as well! Must try the chicken and waffles.... Country fries steak... And the pancakes(flakey and fluffy!!!) !  So good!!
5	I love this place for breakfasts. Expect a wait (20-30 minutes) on the weekend as there are only about 25 tables. Best breakfast food in Southern Highlands. I especially like the omelets, and banger sausage. Lots of my friends like the pot of bread, but I'm not a big fan. I'd rather they go all the way and make it a cinnamon roll. Coffee is excellent, they have French press along with drip. I prefer the press, but typical come with my 3 year old so I don't like the large pot of hot liquid. Rise and Shine also has out door seating. It's on the west side of the building so early it gets shade. Nice in the summer. Also good for the morning health nuts who finish bicycle rides or runs here.
5	My husband and I just moved in to this part of town and when going shopping to Smith's saw this place and have been wanting to try it. We finally went this morning and it was reaaaally good! My husband got some eggs and steak and he inhaled the plate in no time! I got a classic eggs, bacon, hash b. Potato and there was nothing left on that plate! Both dishes came with option of biscuit, french toast or a bread roll in a cup, since my husband and I could not decide which one to choose, the lady that helped us just got them all for us! They also have fresh squeezed OJ. I asked if it was really fresh OJ or the tropicana (bottled one) and she told me she squeezes the oranges herself! Too bad they run out of it! I'm definitely coming back and getting it!.
5	Fantastic family owned restaurant tucked away near the South Point casino. The breakfast was great, but the service was exceptional. Many restaurants in Vegas seem to rely on their name recognition or posh environment. This place though maintains it's charm while delivering a satisfying meal. I got the Chicken & Waffles and it was delicious. The Chicken was crispy but also very tender and juicy on the inside. Couldn't get any better than that. My mom got a panini and she said all the ingredients seemed very fresh. And the waiters/waitresses are constantly moving, working, providing exceptional service. Can't thank then enough for a wonderful meal.
5	Super good chicken and waffles and ham eggs Benedict. I always love fresh squeezed OJ. I love the ambience, the waiters are in their PJ's. It is a relaxed, fun atmosphere. Their are flowers hanging from the ceiling and cool farm photos on the walls.
5	Its not often I give 5 stars, but this place definitely deserves it.  Plus, I love breakfast.  If I'm paying for breakfast, it better knock my socks off.  This place does!  Its located in my neighborhood (Southern Highlands), WHoooo hooo for me.  Sometimes this place gets really busy, so there may be a bit of a wait.  When its nice outside, you can be seated in the outside area.  Great atmosphere &  friendly staff (dressed in PJ's).  I've been here a couple times and dishes with steak...super awesome.  I have yet to try waffles and pancakes.  But I've just been so successful with their steaks, I just order it every time. Recently I realized that they had my ultimate favorite combo.  Ribeye steak & Chillequiles.  Wooo woot!  I like their bread in a pot & fresh squeezed orange juice to compliment my food.  I like to pull out the whole bread and pour the cream cheese frosting all over like a cinnamon roll.  Mmmm MmmmmPrices are major for breakfast, but their portions are rather generous.  So, yup, split the plate and bill with your breakfast/brunch date.
2	So this is my second visit.  Had the corned beef hash both times, first time service was ok, not the most attentive but adequate.  This time around the corned beef was not as good as the first time: this time it seemed like more potato than meat which is disappointing.  So may not come back for corned beef next time.  My party seemed to enjoy their food the most part, the chicken fried steak my sister in law had was very fatty and far too breaded.  Service this time was pretty bad, never checked how our food was, never bothered to see if we needed more beverages till we had to ask.  I asked for more water and only half the table got water...  So service is really lacking.  We were also very bothered that not just w our table but the table next to us when we were still eating or had food on our plate.  It was a clear ploy to get us going since they are backed up on a wait, but never rush your guests... Bad form.  Sure other people are giving 5 stars but I'm wondering they are being objective.  This place has some improvements to had if we are to come back.
4	If you're like me, breakfast is your favorite meal of the day. After my first visit here, I was hooked. I made it a point to plan the rest of my stay in Vegas around having breakfast at Rise & Shine. My wife and I found each experience to be more enjoyable than the last. The atmosphere is pleasant, the staff friendly and professional. You have the option of dining inside or outside. The place is patronized by many people, and you may very well have to wait to be seated, especially on the weekends. We were there when it seemed to be peak hour for business and we never waited more than 15 minutes.The menu! It screams "breakfast", yet with many creative twist to otherwise conventional meals. Overall it's the perfect combination of quality and quantity. I had the Ultimate Steak Breakfast, oh so satisfying. A large ribeye steak, eggs, hash browns and choices of breads. All made to your liking of course. What really blew me away, was the Cinnamon Crunchy French Toast. My taste buds are still having a party (licking my lips).A must try place in my opinion! It's hard to go wrong with a place that has people lined up to eat there!
5	Yelp never fails to disappoint! Yelped breakfast spots and this place magically appeared! We dropped in on our way out of Vegas. I asked our waitress what she recommened and she said the chicken and waffles...I took her advice and let me tell you...IT. WAS. WORTH. IT!! My friend got the steak and bagel eggs benedict which she loved as well, but we both agreed that the chicken and waffles was AMAZEBALLS! We also got the pot of bread...which was so cute and good! Oh and the service was great...waitress was so nice! Definitely will visit this place when I'm visiting Vegas again!
5	The words "epic" and "awesome" are over used, so we're gonna need some new words in the English language to describe my fondness for this place.  Can't get enough.  Love the ham 'n' eggs Benedict...
5	Very cute place. The staff is always very fiendly. The food is delicious and a little different than regular breakfast places. It's always a treat for my spouse and I to go. Always left satisfied.
5	What a great find for breakfast!  All four of us enjoyed our choices of pancakes, waffles, salad and homemade cornbeef hash.  The only thing that topped the food was the excellent service from our waitress Lisa, kitchen and staff.    We'll be back to try more of the menu.
5	Came here this morning with my office , and let me just say from the service to the food it was great , Ryley was so nice ! We will definitely be coming back :) !!
5	BEST STEAK AND EGGS EVERR!!!!!!Great service, great vibe, great food!I recommend to anyone!
5	Breakfast is our favorite meal of the day and we were so excited when we found this local breakfast spot.  The wait is long on the weekends but definitely worth it.  I love eggs benedict and their steak and eggs benedict is delicious!  Don't forget to get the pot of bread with your entree.
5	This is our go-to breakfast spot on the weekends. We always request to get sat with Riley - because she's awesome and so on point. It's always so nice to walk into a place where there's good food and friendly service. I always try to mix it up with what I order but lately I've been ordering the chicken breast and waffle - and I haven't been disappointed yet!
5	Coffee, amazing. Red velvet pancakes with cream cheese syrup, bomb. Burritos, huge.
5	My family and I were on a weekend vacation and wanted to try a good breakfast place- thank goodness for Yelp!!! This place is hands down the best breakfast place ever!!! Great service, great atmosphere, and most of all awesome food!! I Love the "pot of bread" and the "Chilichilles and Steak" - are you kidding me?? This dish rocked! Also, the country fried steak and gravy was so tasty- this place has something for every breakfast taste- and our server was awesome! Come early or you will wait a bit!
5	I would like to start off saying that me and my roomie showed up in onesies. This place is adorable and probably the best place in town to eat breakfast hands down.
4	Just due to the cleanliness could be better come on this place rocks breakfast and service but if that Fifth star I know breakfast places are busy, we've owned one but first impressions??? Ya know, defiantly a staple morning spot and I love the service and speed. Just buss a little betters all I'm saying
5	Ok so if you go here you have to ask for Riley because her service is awesome. The food is absolutely amazing. Everything from scratch and just good clean food. The pot of bread... oh my goodness. Not overwhelmingly sweet so you can enjoy the uniqueness of the cinnamon roll baked in a espresso cup This is definitely my new favorite spot for breakfast when I'm in town. Been twice already and want to go back for more.
1	They still struggle with how to make eggs over well.  This is not good for a place that has breakfast as a focus.  Their eggs are horrible and I was again disappointed with the lack of ability to actually make french style eggs over well, crispy on the outside,  firm and not broken yolk.  The pot of bread is good, but the lack of specialty coffee just is not enough for a place serving breakfast.   A year later and no improvement is not acceptable.  I hope to give them more stars next time because I love local egg breakfast places.  This place makes me want to stay home and cook my own food.  Woah, did I just say that?  I hate cooking.
5	Our family came here for the first time today and seriously can't see us going anywhere else in the valley for affordable and delicious breakfast/brunch/lunch. The food was flavorful, well-made, and the pot of bread will literally melt in your mouth. We ordered:Rib Eye Steak and Chilaquiles: I have never had chilaquiles before and I seriously feel like i have been deprived my entire life. My steak was cooked perfectly the way I liked and the tortilla chips that were bathing in refried beans, scallions, and cotija cheese were the perfect accompaniment. Chicken and Waffles: savory & sweet at its finest! The chicken was not dry at all, it was not overly battered and the waffles had a slight crunch on the outside but soooo soft and perfect on the inside. The maple syrup that they served with them was warm and had sticks of cinnamon in them! YUM. Silver Dollar Pancakes with Strawberries: Our little guy devoured these. He especially loved the sprinkling of powdered sugar over top! I had a bite, and I must say, they are some of the best pancakes I have had. Perfectly light with a little bit of crispness around the edges. Our food was absolutely perfect and if they only served these three things, we would STILL come back on a regular basis. Although the food was delicious, our absolute favorite part of this place was our server, RYLEY!!! She has such an amazingly genuine and kind energy about her. She complimented us on our parenting and how well behaved our four year old was. (she is a nanny herself, so knows a thing or two about kiddos) In a world where there is so much negative criticism, she is such a breath of fresh air! Our food came out in a timely manner and i LOVED that she brought out our little guy's food first, which in the parenting world is a God-send. Even our little guy liked her. He drew her little hearts on the comment card that we turned in! We left there feeling so lighthearted and truly lucky to have been helped by such an awesome person. We CANNOT wait to come back!!!
5	So good! Waitress was awesome! Food was out fast and eggs, steak and everything was cooked to perfection! Best breakfast I've had in a while too bad we're not from Vegas or else we'd be a regulars!!!
5	Amazing experience and the absolute best breakfast we have have ever had! My daughter Paris says they should put a Rise & Shine in EVERY city; then she said every corner.I had a bacon, egg and ham omelet with hash browns and a bread cup (espresso cup filled with warm cinnamon bread). The omelet was perfect and the hash browns had this amazing taste where you knew spices were involved. Paris had bacon wrapped steak. Also amazing. We'll be back on every trip!
4	Went back gave them another shot after the gm responded to my post. They did not know I was coming in and the service was great food was good again. This place does care!
4	Great food and very friendly service.
5	This place is something special. My family and I had breakfast here on our way back home from Las Vegas and the food was absolutely incredible. I even told my wife that I would drive here from the Inland Empire in California just to have breakfast and drive back. The food is that good! I ordered scrambled eggs, bacon and waffles with hash browns on the side. The eggs were perfect, bacon was crispy, waffle was melt in your mouth and the hash browns were the best tasting I've had the pleasure to eat anywhere. My oldest son had the red velvet pancakes and the order was extremely generous. The cream cheese syrup that came with it was exquisite. The wife and my youngest son shared corned beef hash, eggs and bacon and the order was so big, the both of them could not finish it. My wife also had the french press coffee with her meal and that was incredible as well. The decor is original and the wait staff all wear pajamas as their uniforms which I thought was really cool.  Speaking of the wait staff, our server Riley was awesome, very attentive and made sure our beverages were never empty. The place was clean and you can tell the staff go the extra mile to make your meal very pleasurable. I can't wait to go back to this place when I get a chance.
1	I came here about a year ago and the food and service were great. Stopped by for breakfast today and was instantly brought to a table. Sat there for over 15 minutes without anyone coming over, even to get a drink order. The two tables next to us had waitresses constantly checking on them. We got up and left, won't be coming back here. Customer service goes a long way.
4	I am pleased to verify that the CA weekend commuter crowd is accurate about this place.  It's a wonderful combination of good food and equally good service!I arrived at 7:15 this morning and place was slow which was fine with me.  By the time I left business was brisk including an active take out system.  I know all the hurrahs are for Riley who cashed out my check however my server Lisa was genuine, funny, sweet and efficient.  When I return I would be happy to have Lisa as a server again!Now the food.  I over indulged as I wanted to try a few things on this first visit.  I started with the French press coffee which is accompanied with a triple sand minute glass timer for light, medium or dark steep before you press ala Dexter for you Showtime fans.  Great tasting coffee!  I have a soft spot for corned beef hash and went with 2 eggs (over easy) instead of the 3 they offer.  The hash and eggs were both spot on!  I had a biscuit with a side of sausage gravy.  Since I have both lived and worked in both rural W Virginia and Kentucky I know a lot about biscuits and gravy.  The sausage gravy stands up with the best; well done.  There was a slight  mis-step with the biscuit as it was a little gummy inside.  Most likely needed another minute or two in the oven.  However from a flavor stand point it was tasty.  I also had a side of English bangers ( apologies to my doctor) which I knew from my days living in England many years ago.  They were delectable and cooked perfectly so that the casing had a nice snap. Overall a good solid breakfast and I will definitely return.  Do remember that this is not fast food as they are actually cooking and not warming.  However the food arrived fast enough.   Glad this place is near where I live so I can drive there on auto pilot to get my coffee!
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots the have pot of bread that you can get instead of toast get it ! So amazing it's like a cinnamon bun without the frosting soft melts in your mouth. My family enjoys the red velvet pancakes intense chocolate flavor almost don't even need syrup. The omelets are so fluffy and packed with flavor and the crispy hash browns will knock your socks off. I would recommend anyone to come here bring the family and a plus the service is wonderful Amanda I believe is her name pretty girl with green eyes very attentive our drinks where always full
4	Been to this place several times already. Food and service is really good. One thing that disappoints me every time is that they always run out of the "pot of bread" which is what they are known for.
5	The waitstaff was incredible. Our waitress, Lisa, had a sweet and positive energy that made our experience truly phenomenal. The food was also amazing. I definitely recommend the bread in the pot and the steak and chilaquiles. Great coffee, too! This place is a breakfast gem!
5	Stunned. So good. Tried the chilaqilues, b & g, and cinnamon crumble French toast. French press coffee: do it. My favorite thing though? Probably the hash browns. Best I've ever had.
4	Not sure if I already reviewed this place already not, but I stumbled across this location because my navigation system gave me the wrong directions to go pick up a friend early in the morning... And I thought it was funny how the everyone who works at this location wears pajamas and I think it's adorable! Our food came out quick and our server had so much personality... Needless to say it was a great experience as a whole. The food was mouth-watering and I'm definitely coming back next time I get the chance, and the money for it. The menu is great with SO much to choose from. I highly recommend this joint if you want to start your day out with something awesome!
5	went back a few times.   Food is still delicious and the chicken and waffles are always a winner.I also enjoyed the bagel egg sandwiches, and the burgers.It is cool seeing the waiters wearing PJs.
5	First choice was closed, so came here instead and I am glad I did. Although it is far, but it is worth it. The cinnamon pot bread was moist, warm and just delicious. Wish it could be bigger!! Tried chicken and waffles for the first time definitely not disappointed. The fancy steak omelette was a winner as well with the sauce. Yum yum!!! Totally satisfied and will be making the drive again.
5	Fabulous food; terrific service and reasonable price. Love it!
5	The food is always excellent. The whole family enjoys eating here. I have never had a bad meal. The portions are large and we typically pass our plates around and share because we can't decide on just one. Love the chicken & waffle, chillequilles, steak & eggs, French toast... Its all good.
5	Cute breakfast spot.  The food quality and taste here is excellent.  The chicken and waffle is awesome, fried chicken - juicy on the inside and perfectly crispy outside.  Can't go wrong with anything here.  The potted bread is so also a must, so yummy.  Wish they have a place like this in LA.  Definitely a must stop when I'm in Vegas.
4	Great coffee, Good Food and Friendly wait staff. Solid all around off strip dining.
5	Been here twice, my girlfriends been there about 4 or 5 times now.  This place is awesome.  If you haven't eaten here, do yourself a favor and go get some breakfast right now.  Their biscuits and gravy is addicting.  That along with some fresh squeezed orange juice (with lots of pulp) is a winner in my book.  My girlfriend is more adventurous when it comes to food, so she's tried more meals than I have.  She's liked everything she's ordered as well.  She loves the french press coffee.  I'm not a coffee guy so I figured I'd take her word for it.  Also, the staff is very friendly.  It's in a good area, not too far away from where I live, and the prices are great.  The prices for the meals are only slightly higher than what you'd pay at an IHOP or a Denny's, but the food is soooo much better.  You just really can't beat this place.  The only suggestion I have for this place is that they offer Gluten Free bread products.  A+++ in my book.
5	Bomb bomb bomb! Uploaded pictures. My boss used to eat heere when they first opened and said it used to be better but idk. Pretty bomb. I've had the eggs Benedict before and today I have the bacon wrapped tenders with eggs. Twas uhmazing. The waitress today wasn't as nice as my last but everyone else was super friendly. Older people tend to be judge me and my friends but it's whatever. It's her tip. Other than that the resteraunt and food itself is clean and bomb.
3	Lisa is one of the best servers I have ever had. Not only was she responsive to our needs but she has a little flare to her wording and her kindness! She should be praised for her above and beyond efforts. The pot of bread is a must!!
5	Visiting friends in vegas from Sydney, and have been blown away by the service and food here.  Have been back multiple times and tried various omelettes and other sweet breakfast items and would highly recommend this place ^_^
4	First time checking this place out, I'm pleased. The food was delicious and beautifully presented! My friends loved the bacon! I loved their hash browns and pancakes! Their decor is interesting and unique. Seems like a family owned place. It took me a little while to realize that the employees wear pajamas, I think it's a cute idea! Overall, I had a perfect experience. The food, service, and atmosphere was all really great! I will definitely be back.
5	Excellent food, great service, a very nice and come little place. Everything on the menu has been wonderful. I try something new every time and am never disappointed. They're coffee is fantastic too!
5	Holy cow, the chicken fried steak & eggs were huge and amazing, the pot of bread was delicious but a little soggy on the bottom, I should have went with the toast to sop up my yolk or maybe both would have been a good idea.  I needed a good steak and egg place to frequent and now I have found it. I will be back!
3	Food was pretty good.  Nothing great.Server ruined the dining experience.   I was trying to explain the menu to my elderly father and the server insists on speaking above is to get the order in at her convenience.  Also, she had the nerve to sit where we (my father, sister and I) were seated to take the order of the table next to us.   This happened 7-27-2014.   She (server) was obnoxious in behaving that way.   Aside from that, she refilled our drinks quickly.
4	Went here for a nice breakfast on our way out of Vegas. The ambiance is nice and relaxing.  Servers wear pajamas and invite the guests to do the same. The pot of bread was great as others have commented, but, the best offering, WARMED SYRUP. Such a sumple concept that so many get wrong. Daughter had chcken and waffles, yum, tasted kinda like pancake batter on the chicken. Baby girl ordered chicken fried steak which did not disappoint.  The gravy is served in ramekins on the side. Hb had corn beef hash which was disappointing. Had a lemony taste to it. Unpleasant.  I had the crunchy french toast, wow! Never thought I'd enjoy it, but, it was great as well. Overall, can only go four stars due to the lemony corn beef. Riley was a great server, best service we've had sine we've been in Vegas.
4	What a cute place!!I came in during my lunch break. I had looked through the reviews before hand and the chilaquiles (I totally had to google spell check that) looked delicious! So I tried those, they were a little more like nachos but with the overeasy eggs on top, holy cow that was good! I need to go back and try the steak soon.
5	Red Velvet Pancakes with Cream Cheese syrup matched with ribeye steak chilaquilles and filet mignon bagel sandwiches all done to perfect flavor.  That's just the food.  The servers are amazing, the environment friendly and the menu diverse. What more can you ask for with a local family style breakfast/lunch diner.    (try the pot of bread).
4	Delicious food and excellent service. Wish it was a bigger location, not much room for waiting.
5	Absolutely one of the best breakfast places! Delicious food and fun atmosphere. Servers in pj's and "pot of bread" cinnamon rolls are a great touch. Try the "cinnamon toast crunch French toast"!
5	Waitstaff...awesome. Food...excellent. Great selection and all steak (even if you get steak in your burrito) is cooked to order. Only downside...not a big enough place...if there were more tables, we wouldn't have to wait as long on weekend mornings!
5	Found this place on yelp while leaving las Vegas. It was out of the way but seemed worth it. The wait was 45 minutes which was kind of long but it was fine. The decor is so cute in this place very sunshiney and bright. I loved it. The staff wore pajamas and was very friendly! I ordered red velvet pancakes which was delicious! I loves this place!
4	Came here today based on the reviews. Food was very good, big portions and finally real hash browns that taste good!Four star because our poor waitress was racing around seemingly because the other server seemed to be lazing around...
5	Great food and service! Everyone is super friendly and the place is cute and clean. First time here but won't be our last. We were looking for a great breakfast place and found one!
5	This place rocks! Nice pleasant atmosphere and friendly staff. If I could give it more stars I would. The best steak and eggs/chiliquiles ever.. I mean come on a rib for the steak!! The whole meal was awesome!! Can't wait to go back when I'm in town.
5	I joined a friend here for a late breakfast while visiting Las Vegas and it will now be one of my regular stops when I am in town.  The staff here wear pajamas.  So cute! Very cozy and unique.Pros:  great location, near South Point Casino, delicious omelette, great coffee, excellent service.Cons:  Located in Vegas and I live in San Antonio.
5	Been here a few times before leaving Vegas. Very cool vibe and food has been good everytime. It is a local spot but still expect a wait if going on the weekend.
5	liked it so much we had to come back. one of my sons and I had the ultimate steak and eggs and my other son had the corned beef hash. the steak was so delicious! (little over cooked for the medium I asked for but still yummy!) as for the corned beef....he said it tasted like ham and not corned beef, but was still pretty good, just would rather it be the right meat. got the pot of bread this time, we all thought it could have a bit more cinnamon and sugar but it was still delicious. Cary was our server again, she is great, very attentive and even offered to go drinks. I think this may be our new regular breakfast place and we are coming from the other side of mountains edge with 4 breakfast places closer!
4	4 stars for the food, 1 star for the coffee This is an above average breakfast spot. I highly recommend trying their fresh-squeezed OJ and an omelette or the banana pancakes (although the pancake batter is noticeably sweeter than other breakfast spots). My only complaint is the coffee! The regular coffee is weak, and the french press is barely drinkable. I always order OJ and then go to Starbucks after (located in the same plaza) for my coffee fix. Several other locals I've talked to do the same.
5	I'm so glad my boyfriend is a yelp junkie he found this hidden gem. We hate eating on the strip!! Amazing food!!
4	It was fairly good came with the family only problem the pancakes were half cooked but they kindly took them and brought us new ones
4	Really great neighborhood spot. Cool joint good home cooking food. Just get there early to get good seating or the pot of bread "Yum" it gets pretty busy on the weekends! Must try plenary of options and ok price.
4	Great food. Not a fast-paced dining experience, so plan on a hour. Highly recommend the French press coffee!
4	This place is awesomeness in its entirety, minus it's tucked away. That could be a good thing though. The decor is delightful (pics to follow) and the staff is wonderful! Usually they have a wait but today people must be bbqing. One thing that stands outabout this cafe as opposed to others is that it's family owned & run and they wear pajamas while serving you. Love it! Riley was a fantastic server. She was helpful with suggestions and a joy to have. I'm a fan, this place is consistently on point. If you're in the southwest side of town, you must give them a try. Definitely in Vegas' top brunch spots!
5	This place inspired me to coin a new phrase : BESTFAST!Worth any drive within 30 miles. Fried chicken and waffles rival the best I've had but are just one of a menu full of great choices. GO HERE only if you want the best breakfast in the Vegas area.
3	I'm not quite sure what the rave is about with this place! Average seat time was 20 minutes, we we're sat in 30. The set up is totally disorganized, tables sitting dirty, 1 bus boy carrying dirty dishes from one table to the other to consolidate the dirty tables . The pajama appearance accompanied by a dirty floor, booths, table almost give the place an unhygienic feel. The food was ok, nothing to rave about. We have had better coffee and breakfast at sunrise cafe, brio, I hop! The oj was fantastic. We would not return. It's actually a shame considering how convenient the location is to our home.
5	Huge breakfast portions but very good. You could easily split a dish with someone. We came during a weekday so it wasn't overly busy. Service was great.
3	Food was good.  We shared the chicken and waffles with a side of the sausages.  The pot of bread is like a soft cinnamon roll and is tasty. Our server was a bit slow and the server at the table next to us started taking care of us.  There seemed to be a lot of screaming children and crying babies.  So if you are trying to socialize your children it may be a good place to hang out as the food is quite good and I mostly just knocked it down for our server and the noise.
2	I visited this spot after Yelping the highest-rated breakfast restaurants in Las Vegas.  I was really excited about the "bread in a pot" which was reason enough to visit.  The decor is cute, slightly weird, but cute.  The servers wear pajamas and it took me a minute to realize it!As for food, it's pretty underwhelming.  It's not terrible, but I was not impressed- no bold flavors.  The "bread in a pot" was bland and the chicken and waffles were pretty bland, too.  I won't ever be returning because I like a little more excitement when eating carbs and other foods in general.  There are so many better breakfast places in Las Vegas, skip this one!
4	Food in my party of 6 was okay except the homemade hash! Greasy and now appetizing. I had the specialty dish Mexican which was good, however I got something real chewy in my mouth! Plastic about 2 inches long by 1 inch wide. Must have been off the chorizo mixed in with beans, chips, eggs, avocado,  salsa, and sour cream.  They didn't charge me for it. I would go back. My group wore our pajama tops to fit right in withe wait staff. Outstanding service!!
5	Love this place! Great food! They are opening a new location off 215 and flamingo closer to my house. Yaaaay!
5	Love every bite! Chicken and waffles melt in your mouth and they even keep the maple syrup warm for you! Hash brown are so tasty!!! You gotta go!
5	Amazing!!! Came with a group and Ry our server was awesome. Service was great and food was wonderful. Have to try the Chilaquiles. Yummy! Coffee was excellent.
5	This place is the best breakfast spot in Las Vegas! They are known for their steak and eggs and chicken and waffles with cinnamon syrup. Delicious! On the weekends expect a short wait to get in as this place is always jamming with locals and visitors. Usually 25-30 minutes. The service is some of the best in Las Vegas with an extremely friendly and accommodating staff. Make sure to check this place out when having a craving for breakfast. May be the best breakfast spot in town!
5	We came to this place with our son and d-in-law, and wow! The staff is so cool - friendly, helpful, offering suggestions to newcomers. When you come, ask for Lisa or Riley. But heck, all the staff seems great. The decor is incredibly imaginative. The ceiling fans all have umbrella-like covers that are large flower prints - dahlias, chrysanthemums, others. The wall colors are vibrant. Located in a strip mall, the restaurant is modest size. It's also quite popular, so don't be surprised to wait for a table.However long your wait, it's worth it. The food is sublime. Rise and Shine bills itself as a steak-and-eggs place, so I ordered steak and eggs. My half pound ribeye was perfectly done and just great flavor. I asked Lisa the secret. She said the steaks are seasoned with salt, pepper, garlic and coffee grounds. She said the delicious hash browns had the same seasonings except substitute shallots for coffee grounds. Your order comes with a choice of breads: get the "pot of bread," as unique an offering as there is. It's a cinnamon roll baked in a coffee cup. Tip the cup and out comes the roll; apply butter and enjoy!Chicken and waffles is also on the menu; the waffle is light and terrific with the cinnamon-infused syrup. The chicken breast is pounded thin, breaded and flash fried to a crispy delight, moist and tender and not greasy at all. How about the coffee: choose from an Italian blend, or French press. The French press comes with a three-tube hourglass that allows you to gauge the strength of your coffee. An important part of the dining experience is your server. He or she can make or break your meal. The servers here are clad in pajamas which are colorful and clearly comfortable. Lisa was an integral part of our experience. She engaged with us, laughed, joked, teased and was teased in return. She took excellent care of us. In a city full of great restaurants and celebrity chefs, this small family owned and operated restaurant is a gem.
5	Great hidden gem. My first time here. This place is great. I had the small 8oz ribeye steak eggs and hash browns. The steak was seasoned perfectly and the hash browns were great. Service was quick and this place was busy, constant traffic of people. I was 100% satisfied. I will return for breakfast here again and again. My only issue even though I gave them 5 stars is that they didn't have any of their signature "pot o bread" ,gives me a reason to come back. Enjoy your meal.
4	If you are not a local and you rely on taxi to get around, then you might be better off renting a vehicle for the day. If you stay at the Mirage hotel, parking is free. Otherwise, you will come off the pockets for taxi because it is off the beaten path from the strip. We waited for a good 39 min (which is a good sign) and glad we did because the red velvet pancakes were delicious!!!!! Comes with 4 pancakes so it is a shareable plate. The breading on the chicken (chix & waffle) was sweet. If you don't have a microwave in your hotel room, the pancakes still taste amazing without heating it up.
4	Cute place, great food and descent prices.  I had the chicken fried steak and it was one of the best I've had in Vegas.  The pot of bread was amazing.  Staff is very friendly and place is very clean. Will definitely come back.
5	What a CUTE little breakfast spot in a suburban area right outside of the Strip. Here are some fun things to know about Rise & Shine:1. All the waiters/waitresses are dressed in their PJ's (lucky them!).2. Their menu is quite extensive but not to the point where it's an encyclopedia.3. Order the chicken and waffles (it's what they're known for).4. The Red Velvet Chocolate Chip pancakes were the best I've had and their maple syrup is legit, and legit meaning it's not some cheapy syrup straight out of a plastic bottle.5. Service is friendly and efficient here. They are very accommodating.6. While you're enjoying your meal, look up at the ceiling and admire the fun umbrellas turned into flowers just spinning about. Felt like I was Alice in Wonderland. :)
4	On this visit I came alone and a bit later than I would have liked. There is no denying that the food is great... but I am back to concerned about the service. My waitress who I have had several times was awesome. But the bar was empty,  several empty tables and I was told a 10 to 15 minute wait. It took the hostess a very long time to seat the empty tables and my wait was closer to 25 mins... bar was still empty when she took me there. I was served quickly. However the plate looked like a train wreck. No grapes as I have come to expect here, they obviously haven't scrubbed the grill between orders as there was much grainy char on the plate. The servers seem to use the bar area to drop stuff on (menus, unwanted table items etc) and the buckets that have silverware and napkins at the back of the bar had a layer of dust on the back edge. Seems like a loss of revenue to not have the bar full of payomg customers instead of empty and full of mislaid items. My suggestion... either a) assign a waitress to the bar that can handle it and a table or two or b) maybe get a bus boy or hostess who is maybe interested in becoming a server to take just the bar. You lost 4 tables of 2 to 3 people while I waited and probably more as I ate. Again food is really tasty but the inconsistencies will lose customers.  Cary runs her butt off to make sure customers are taken care of.
3	Well executed food for adults in the vein of "MTO" downtown.  Not the MTO/Hashhouse experience, but somewhat that style. Rather underwhelming for children though! A five and two year old and we had to share the adults' food to satisfy them?  And they normally leave food on the plate. The five dollar half waffle (not Belgian/huge/pick your adjective) was the biggest head scratcher. So much so that we asked the server if it came with anything else to which the answer was an apologetic "no". So either keep the kids at home (if able) or have them split an adult entree (which is well executed). Will we come back now that we know this?  That is a head scratcher too.
5	It's my dad's first time in Vegas after at least 14years. I wanted to take him to M resort studio buffet but found out they no longer have breakfast. Oh no!!!I quickly yelp'd around the nearest breakfast places and found these guys. The pot of bread seemed like a unique idea and the photos looked great! Arrived at around 830am. Quaint little place in a shopping plaza. Loved how the servers wear Jammies (must be the best work uniform ever).Decor: simple. I honestly do not remember anything that stuck out besides the turning floral umbrellas on the ceiling and the "cow and egg" advertisement on the wall. Orange juice: to my surprise, freshly squeezed.Dads steak and eggs: steak was very tender and eggs cooked to a perfectly requested sunny side up. The hash: very unique. They look like flat pasta noodles cut in smaller segments. It tasted very fresh with a perfect crunch. My chicken fried steak: my steak was also very flavorful and tender. It was paired with a delicious gravy. I am not a big chicken fried steak fan but damn, this was good. Husband's chicken and waffle: the portion size was good. Nicely breaded chicken breast with a waffle. Chicken was tender and juicy despite being fried. Their pot of bread became 'tea cup bread' when we visited. It did not look too appealing since the shape was funky and some overfilled the cup. However, they were nice and warm out of the oven and very, very delicious. Dad and I are not fans of sweet bread but this was perfectly flavored with cinnamon and a bit of sweetness. Butter and tea cup bread for the win!Pricing: a bit higher than your normal breakfast restaurant but hey, you're paying for fresh food. Totally worth it!I am very glad our hotel decided to cancel their breakfast buffet because we got to experience something new and not your usual Vegas meal :)I would definitely recommend and return at my next trip!!
4	May just be the best breakfast place in vegas! Highly recommend the chicken and waffles. Chicken was perfectly crisp on the outside, and juicy on the inside. Waffles may just give roscoe's a run for their money. Don't forget the little pot of bread! Baked fresh, and super scrumptious. We did have to wait for around 25-30 min, but it was during the weekend, so I bet most breakfast places would have been busy anyways. Would definitely come back again! :)
5	Came here on a Thursday morning and we were seated right away. We ordered plain bagel and their ribeye steak and eggs. My steak was perfectly cooked! I ordered medium rare and as much as the meat is not that thick, it was still cooked how I wanted  will be coming back to this place and will be trying their chicken and waffles!
4	They serve you while in their pajamas!!!One little quirk that I found endearing was the fact that the servers here run around in their pajamas while taking your order and serving you. Nice little gesture to make you feel at ease and that you don't have to take things too seriously.We arrived and were told that the omelets are great, the Pot'o'Bread is THE BEST, and that the steak n eggs are pretty bomb. Well, what was told is pretty much truth. I got a pretty hefty and filling omelet, the wife got the steak n eggs, and we all got Pots o Bread.Now I have to say - the PoBs were a little underwhelming. Really cool concept, fun little quirk to have as a staple of your establishment... but too me, there wasn't enough cinnamon and there wasn't quite enough flavor. But still! The texture was great and it was really fun to enjoy.The servings are all pretty big as both the lady and I had to take our food to go [and I'm a pretty hefty eater]. The steak that she got was more fatty than we'd prefer, but there was still a substantial enough amount of meat for us to enjoy.The service here is great, everyone is friendly, and you feel very welcomed to enjoy a good time at Rise & Shine. Not bad, you guys, not bad at all.Come here if you want something off the strip, not nearly as noisy, and a good time.
4	I've been a regular customer since they opened.  GREAT food and GREAT service.  Up until last week they had great coffee, but sadly changed supplier and brand of coffee. No more coffee for me but it's a personal taste thing... I'm sure people will like the new coffee.   Still a great place to eat.
3	My husband and I have been going here for many years, basically since it opened.  Although a little pricey, it was always worth it b/c the quality.As of late, the quality of food isn't the same.  I've always replaced hashbrowns with fruit (strawberries, blueberries, and bananas), and the serving has always been generous.  The past 2 times they've put the fruit in the smallest dish, almost like a dish that you usually get syrup in.  It's been about 1/4 of what I used to get.  Then today, first thing this morning, they ran out of bananas.  I don't believe their eggs are organic anymore, they're just different!  I don't mind spending the extra money for quality, but it's just not quality.  Also, they recently changed the coffee, and my husband doesn't care for it at all.The service is still awesome, we love Riley!  Please stop cutting corners, we will go elsewhere if things don't improve
4	I love this place. It is a local breakfast and lunch place that reminds me of small towns that have those shops with their regulars. I love their food, especially the pot o' bread! You gotta try that! The french toast is delicious, fluffy and sweet. The steak and eggs are REALLY good! And I love their sandwiches for lunch. Try it if you're in the area!
5	This place is so cute. The staff wears pajamas and the whole inside is decorated adorably. The food is pretty good and customer service is amazing ! I have been here about 4 times now, and am excited for them to open up their new location. I will definitely be returning to this place for breakfast!
5	I had the chicken and waffle and it did not disappoint! My only regret is not being able to finish it all. I also had the bread in a bowl and it was to die for. Like monkey bread but not as sweet and gooey and just as good.
4	Talk about big portions.  I couldn't even eat half of my plate.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy.  It was delicious!  If you love coffee you must try the french pressed coffee!! The service was okay, the women was really nice, but we felt a little rushed.  Other than that I would recommended trying this place out for breakfast.
5	Breakfast is hard to screw up but also hard to make really great.  Rise and shine has done just that.  Taken breakfast to a whole new level.  Steak and eggs seems to be their signature dish and it is excellent.  The steak is as well done as the eggs and the hash potatoes are like nothing else you have ever had.Even their bread choices are a step above the average breakfast place.  You can get a special bread they make in house that is soft, gooey and filled with cinnamon goodness.You must eat here.  You must eat here every chance you get.Also... Great service!
5	Yum! I believe this place has been around for awhile and I've been meaning to try it. So glad I did. I LOVE breakfast but it's hard for me to enjoy at most places because I don't eat beef or pork. Despite the fact that they are a "steak n eggs" place, this place has more then a few options for people like me. Although not very healthy, I love their chicken and waffles.... The portion size is large but it is great to take to go for a later day snack. I am also a huge fan of the fact that they serve coffee in a French press which is my absolute FAV way to enjoy some joe. The only complaint I have is that they do seem to run out of things frequently. Especially the infamous pot of bread. Other then that, service is always fast and friendly. Food is good. Wait is never as outrageous as some places (but we don't go on Sat). Nice job Rise and Shine.
2	While I gather their food is good it is still just breakfast. You can make most of what they sell in your own kitchen for a 10th of the cost. Nice restaurant decent food but the prices are way too high. Me my wife and 2 boys. Almost $70!!
5	Off the main drag,  but worth the drive. A small,  hometown vibe. Great food,  very friendly staff.  Cary is a great server.  I loved the PJs. Had the biscuits and gravy.  Great.
5	Absolutely amazing breakfast. Wonderful server, super cute atmosphere! Try the pot bread, red velvet pancakes, chicken fried steak, the ultimate and eggs Benedict. We loved everything!
5	This is my new favorite breakfast place! I've been here several times, and the food is consistently amazing. The biscuits and sausage gravy is excellent; finally, a place that serves country gravy properly! The hash browns are slightly spicy and super savory. There is a side of "pot of bread", which is a miniature cinnamon roll-like piece of amazingness served in a tiny mug with whipped butter on the side. Their pancakes are perfectly fluffy, and the syrup their place on the table has cinnamon barks floating inside. The steak eggs benedict is a feast for at least two people, and well worth the wait; the hollandaise sauce is creamy and rich, and the steak is tender and juicy. The atmosphere is also lovely. Flowery umbrellas are hung upside down, spinning above you as you dine. All is the servers are in pajamas, aiding to the comfortable, easy-going ambiance. You *need* to eat here!
4	Super yummy and they are willing to personalize their dishes for your taste. Super casual and the restaurant is really cute ! The servers also wear pajamas!:),
5	Went on Halloween and the place was very decorated!  Liked the service we received from mini mouse lol. Very nice area, and nice service..
4	Came here on a Sunday around 1pm and it as packkkkked. They served fresh squeezed orange juice.. but for $3.25 for a 6oz cup, I'll pass haha. The food here is pretty pricey. The least expensive thing you'll find is the burger that is about $8 or $9. The rest, is $10 and up.I think I speak for Bun and I, the hash browns were amazing. Thinly sliced potatoes with just the right amount of taste to it. The pot of bread, nomz, cinnamon bread rolled up into a cup -- it's popular and around 1pm, they were also gone!However, the food, it was meh. And combined paying about $30 for just a brunch, we'll be back but not too frequently. My chicken fried steak, I've had better and would say Egg Works makes it more nomz.Definitely worth a try if you're in the area but wouldn't be worth going out of your way for.
5	I have to say I love this place...breakfast is always wonderful...and best part is everyone is so friendly. I had breakfast here this morning and had to sit outside cause I had my pup...and I have to say they were accommodating to us...and even brought out water for my pup....and even with sitting outside they still took care of us promptly.  We will be here all the time
5	Food and service were awesome. French press was to die for if you need something to kick start the day. I ordered the chilequiles and steak. The chilequiles was topped with shredddd cheese, cheese cojito, beans and eggs. It was delicious! The steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was very moist and tender. My hubby ordered the chicken and waffles. It's not often that restaurants know how to properly cook fried chicken but this place made the chicken very moist with the right amount of batter. I'd also recommend ordering the pot of bread as a side. It's yummy cinnamon bread. Also our server was very friendly and attentive!If you're looking for a quality restaurant I would definitely recommend coming here!
4	This is a really good place for breakfast brunch. It gets busy in the morning and they don't take reservations so make sure to get there early. We went around 9:40am and waited twenty minutes for a table. I came for steak and eggs so that is what I ordered. They have a little spin to it. They put steak and poached egg on a bagel like an eggs Benedict. This was creative and so delicious. It was called NY steak, spinach and Benedict bagel. This also comes with a pot of bread that everyone on yelp was raving about. Unfortunately, they were already out of this pot of bread so they gave a choice of bread for toast instead. I still would like to see what this pot of bread tastes like. :( My sister got the red velvet pancakes. She stated that they were really rich. Another one of my sisters got the Fancy Steakhouse Omelet. She claims this was delicious. One more of my other sisters got the Three Little Pigs Two Fisted Bagel and Egg Sandwich. She said it was good but she didn't enjoy the sausage. Lastly, service here was excellent. I didn't catch our servers name but she was really friendly and she seemed to really enjoy her time. All the servers wear pajamas. Maybe it's due to the comfort of the uniform or the people she works with, but either way, she seemed to have gotten up on the right side of the bed. :)
5	I was on my way out of town and I wanted that last great meal before I was subjected yet again to horrors of the menu my trainer has had us on for the past 2 months.This spot is tucked away in a residential neighborhood and if it wasn't for Yelp, I would have missed this breakfast gem.  By the looks of it, it's a locals favorite and a great family restaurant. While I waited 20 minutes I reviewed the menu via this wonderful app. The consistent review was the Chilaquiles (Chi-la-key-less) for those non latin tongues. Equally for those who know what traditional Chilaquiles should taste like, these are not it. Although don't discount this dish out. This version is more of a Tex-Mex spin but it's worthy of my taste buds.Before I started the meal I ordered a good ol' cup of Joe served generously in a large mug fit for the most caffeine frenzied freak. Trust me avoid all offers of carb delights and only order the pot of bread.  This simple but yet inventive cinnamon roll served in a juxtaposed mug of coffee is a must have. Paired with a cup of coffee it reminds you why you woke up this morning... to enjoy life with a slice of sunshine.  Just with this simple start, this establishment lives up to its glorious name. Onto the main dish, spiced rubbed ribeye steak chilaquiles. I thought it was served with strips of steak. Oh no my friend, you get a grade cut of steak worthy of any red blooded carnivore. The Chilaquiles are more chips that true tortillas, again more of a Tex-Mex flair. They are layered with refried beans at the base, then layers of cheddar cheese, chips, topped with sour cream, pico de gallo and avocado. With a sprinkle of cotija cheese on it and you are in breakfast heaven. The steak was phenomenal and I would gladly have a steak here over Gordon Ramsey's "Steak" located in Paris Hotel.  The steak is a fraction of the cost but more importantly it's better tasting. Granted it's not American Kobe beef but it doesn't have to be. The rib eye was seasoned to perfection. This is not a light hearted breakfast and if you are like me, you won't have a need to have lunch.  The high ratings is not all hype and is definitely worth checking out. This joint has a cool and laid back atmosphere great for the family. If you want you day to start with a slice of sunshine make sure it starts here.
5	This place is on my go-to list for breakfast and brunch any day. After a few times here, I have come to find their service is plenty attentive and their food is always tasty and fresh.Absolutely love seeing servers dressed in pajamas. The wall/ceiling decorations are also fantastic and add to the overall inviting feel of the restaurant. I love the fresh squeezed orange juice. Not to mention their french press coffee and their super delicious hash browns. I have had the chicken and waffles, eggs benedict, and french toast for breakfast so far and have nothing but good things to say about all of it.There is a unique and charming flare to this restaurant that we don't see much of in Vegas and it's that rare quality that keeps me going back. Thinking about it, there is really no breakfast joint here that I can even compare this place to and that says quite a lot to me. They may get a little busy at times, but Rise & Shine is certainly worth the wait.
5	This restaurant has turned into my go to place on the weekends. The staff is friendly and the place has a good atmosphere. Food is all around great, pancakes are yummy, the chicken and waffles are delicious, and the side sausage is like crack for breakfast meat lovers.
5	Have become a regular here. Small wait times and big delicious plates. I have tried almost everything on the breakfast menu, can never go wrong.
2	Found this place with my girlfriend and although we enjoyed the decor, the customer service and food sucked. As soon as we got seated the waiter seemed as if she was in a rush, but the place was no where near busy. She took our orders, but never let us finish speaking because she kept interrupting us; again feeling "rushed." She gave us our food and asked what else we needed, and she forgot our utensils, in which she basically threw them onto our table; once again, rushing! The prices were way too high for the quality. I ordered a steak and it was not juicy, it was bland when I asked for medium rare. My girlfriend ordered a southern style chicken fried steak and it did not taste like anything. The breading was horrible too. Paid almost $50 for just the two of us. Would not recommend this place.
5	This place is amazing! It feels cozy right when you walk in and all the servers are in their PJ's which is so unique. My husband and I ordered the steak and eggs and no joke, it was the best steak and eggs either of us had ever had! The steak was cooked to perfection and seasoned so nicely. If you're looking for a great restaurant, check this place out, it's delicious!
3	I ordered the N.Y. Steak and Eggs it was tough and dry.  The eggs were under cooked and the cook took away part of my eggs. Our server never checked back with us to see if everything was ok or to see if we needed refills drinks or coffee.
2	The food is good. Variety is sparse. Wish they had cottage cheese or apples or bananas as an alternative to potatoes. Not a lot of booths but so there is often a wait for seating. Tried it for lunch too as it is close to home tomato soup is very acidic and not very good, tastes like tomato paste.  Grilled Cheese was ok.
5	Customer Service=Excellent Food: AMAZINGCleanliness: Flawless What I recommend: The red velvet chocolate chip pancake... and try the bread in the pot.
4	Very fortunate to live pretty much next door to one of the best breakfast spots in Vegas. The servers are all in their pyjamas which adds a fun and upbeat atmosphere. Not to mention the classic Christmas songs playing which made my breakfast even more merry. I chose to go for the cinnamon crunch french toast....it is unreal! Price is very good and worth every penny.
2	This place is good if you're not on a diet. Otherwise, trying to order a custom omelette or breakfast gets VERY expensive.
3	We were a bit disappointed with the food quality today. The coffee tasted burnt, but it turns out they changed the brand. We went for the French press the second round and it was better. The chicken on the chicken and waffles was almost burnt and same for the chicken fried steak. Over medium eggs were also over cooked. Also found the kitchen won't take the time to split the order on to two plates any more. It was a busy day for them, and our waitress was absolutely wonderful as always. We will be back and hope it was just an off morning.
1	I order the biscuits and gravy to go.  I love 3 minutes away from this terrible establishment and by the time I got home I tried to cut into the biscuits and they were harder than a rock.  I even tried a steak knife to no avail.  I proceeded to call them back and the lady asked me if I want them remade.  I said absolutely not but u can refund my money since I couldn't eat what I just ordered.  Then I was told that they can't and won't do that.   By far the worst breakfast I ever had.  Was not even edible and the fact that I couldn't even get my money back is complete BS.  I will never patronize this place again and I'll make sure non of my friends do either.  Terrible food and service.  You've been warned.....
5	Nice yummy place to have breakfast! Awesome service as well! Definitely will go back!
5	This place is awesome.  they are great for both breakfast and brunch. It seems to get busy in the morning, but worth the wait.  Any time I'm in Vegas I make an excuse to swing by here now.  Nothing but good memories and great food. The red velvet pancakes are amazing.  Super rich and very delicious. The omelets are good too.  I recommend getting both something sweet and something savory, then sharing! The service here is spot on.  Very friendly and they seem to actually enjoy being there. All the servers wear pajamas. Maybe it's due to the comfort of the uniform or the people at work, but everyone there seems to really enjoy it.
5	In Vegas, visiting family down here and so glad I picked to come here for breakfast. First of all the decor in the restaurant was so cute. We came here around 11am and didn't have to wait too long. The service was so nice. I decided to get the crispy chicken breast and waffle. It was soo delicious. The crispy chicken was just so perfect. With this meal, I had the option to pick toast, biscuit, or the pot of bread. I decided to get the biscuit because my cousin got the pot of bread for her breakfast. I would definitely come here again! Our server was really nice and gave us great service.
2	On December 8 we came in at 2 o'clock. Expectations were extremely high as I have heard of this place for years and their pot of bread is infamous in this area of town. We felt neglected by our server as we had to ask Passer- by servers for silverware and refills. My wife ordered the biscuits and gravy with Hash Browns lightly cooked and they came burnt. I like crunchy and dark, but they were burnt. She also asked for hot cocoa to be X X X HOT, came out hot,  Maybe it's a legal issue, wish they would've microwave that. My waffle had excellent flavor just a little mushy, but the biggest disappointment of the whole meal wasThe pot of bread had been sitting on the shelf for a while, and we watched the server take it from the shelf to the kitchen and microwave it. You know how bread gets chewy after the microwave; that's what it tasted like!   I would've rather had it at room temperature.  Very Disappointing. The server did without hesitation refund the money for the biscuits and gravy and the bread. I truly want to believe this was a server issue and not a restaurant issue, the problem was our Extremely high expectations.
1	Place has really gone downhill... Using cheaper ingredients and still charging same expensive prices... Very disappointed. Food was terrible
5	Its a really busy place which is good because the food is awesome! Big portions and great service. Definitely coming back. The red velvet pancakes were oh so goooood
3	I have been going to Rise and Shine off and on since it opened and it continues to disappoint. Merely by virtue of being the only non-bar breakfast place in the area it lasts despite mediocre food and terrible service. I have yet to eat a meal there that was not lukewarm and the victim of bad execution.
3	Alright place for a steak and eggs breakfast. The steak that I got wasn't the best cut, it was full of fat and eggs were bit overcooked. I'll definitely try to place out again to see if it was fluke or not. Service was excellent.
4	Great food, a little pricey for breakfast but the food is truly amazing. Have had everything from chicken & waffles to simple eggs over easy with a pancake. Let me tell you their waffles are to die for, and they bring you warm syrup with cinnamon sticks in it. YUMMY!!! Plus they have French pressed coffee. If you want to treat yourself to an amazing meal for breakfast and don't mind a little higher price tag- go here! Also be prepared for a wait when you head here in the morning, they are usually packed.
4	I had never been to Rise and Shine until I went with my co-worker for lunch.... and I am now a HUGE fan! Since this was my first time visiting we decided to share two items so that I could try more than one thing.... so we got the Ham-N-Eggs Benedict and the Peanut Butter & Blueberry French Toast, what a great choice to split- we got the savory and sweet! And they were both great choices!I am definitely a fan of Rise & Shine! Can't wait to go back!
4	We came out on Saturday morning for breakfast. This was my first time eating here, although I had popped in once about 5 years ago and had a bite of a friend's steak:  it was delicious.They were busy, but not packed, and we were seated right away.Our server was very sweet, and very patient, as it took us a while to decide on what we wanted to try.  I had the New York Steak, Spinach, and Benedict Bagel which came with potted bread, and my fella had the Spice rubbed rib eye steak chilaquiles, also with potted bread. We both had a tea and a coffee as well. So. Potted bread.  This was like a sweet, warm cinnamon bun in a little mug served with butter.  You really don't *need* the butter, its that good on its own, but the butter was tasty too.  I'd go back and order just this...a few of them.  They were awesome. When our breakfasts arrived, I was thrilled with mine.  It looked amazing, and tasted even better!  The steak was cooked to perfection: mid-rare, and seasoned beautifully.  The poached eggs had a lovely runny yolk, and the hollandaise was not too rich.  The spinach gave it a nice touch, and while I didn't really eat all of the bagel, it was delicious, and perfect for sopping up the yolk and juices from the steak. My fella's Spice rubbed rib eye steak chilaquiles LOOKED amazing.  I, unfortunately, was unable to try any, due to an avocado allergy.  We had asked for them to make it without avocado, but it came out with it on top.  My fella doesn't like avocado, but isn't allergic, so he just scraped it off, and our server apologized about it.  I was bummed that I didn't get to try it, but maybe next time. He really enjoyed it a lot, and the steak was great.  (that was on the side, no avocado!)Really, the only reasons for the missing star is the avocado, and the fact that for a plain cup of coffee, and a plain bag of Earl Grey tea, it is $2.85 a piece.  That's a little steep for just brewed coffee and a tea bag, if you ask me, especially when we were never offered refills.  Honestly though, its not a huge deal, or a deal breaker, because the food was so delicious, and there was SO much of it!  I have every intention to come back to Rise and Shine for breakfast again.  They have a good sized menu that I look forward to testing out!
