5	Just ate here for lunch! For the first day of being open, I was pleasantly surprised. Sure, the food took a couple of minutes longer than usual and they didn't have any straws-- but everyone was friendly and the food was delicious! I will definitely be coming back.
5	I have been waiting for this restaurant to open for a while. I work downtown and I am a big supporter of the downtown revival and locally-owned shops and restaurants. We need more restaurants downtown though.Thus, I decided to stop in and try their breakfast today. They just opened yesterday and I was surprised to see that it was packed! Since I was by myself, they sat me at the bar where I had a perfect view of the kitchen, and the hustle and bustle going on. I had the eggs with sausage and potatoes and they were delish! I am so happy that there is another option for food in the downtown area.
4	I stopped by for lunch today, and was glad that I did.  I'm happy to see a downtown restaurant getting on board with clean eating and offering free range chicken meal options.  I was also pleasantly surprised that the place opened on Monday, and just four days later, it was super busy during the lunch hour. It's definitely a hip, trendy lunch spot. The restaurant isn't very big but has several different tables to eat at, plus a counter and a rectangular bistro table (I think called the community table or something like that). I had the free range mozzarella sandwich with potato salad and a pickle.  Overall, it was good but I thought my chicken was lacking just a little bit of flavor so I added some salt and pepper to it.  The potato salad was really good, not too mushy or mayonnaisey.  My lunch mates both had the chicken caesar (also free range), which they said was delicious.  One friend said that the dressing was fresh and tasted like it was made from scratch. The one downside was the noise level inside the restaurant.  Once the restaurant filled up, it became really loud and we had to talk loud (and basically shout) to hear one another.  I wouldn't recommend more than four people to a table during the usual lunch hour. Eat is a great place to get your grub on.  It's cool, it's heathy, and there's plenty of parking around the block.  The passion fruit iced tea is also very refreshing, and dare I say, better than the one at Paymon's???
5	EAT is a gift to the downtown area. I had probably the best breakfast I have ever had downtown when I visited and I recommend everyone go try it. Typically the first week a restaurant is open can be a bad time to visit, but not at EAT. They had it together. The service, food, atmosphere and proximity to everything fun downtown will lead to its success. Really great job Natalie and co. on launching a true epicurean gem in downtown.
3	We were excited to try this new downtown breakfast and lunch joint. Actually we came by last Sunday morning only to find out that they were closed because they had run out of food on the day before (opening day). After doing our due diligence, we had already decided we would try again this Saturday morning and order their beignets, truffled egg sandwich, and pancakes. We were a bit disappointed when the server told us that they only served a "special" (more like limited) brunch menu on weekends and the truffled egg sandwich was only available M-F. Really? That's such an arbitrary limitation, but we got over it. I decided to go with the free range chicken sandwich instead.The beignets ($8) came out first and looked great. There were 5 pieces, and they were served with a tasty homemade strawberry jam and an overly thick vanilla mascarpone. Unfortunately, these beignets are not light, flaky, and fluffy but rather dense and doughy. They are essentially little doughboys or deep fried balls of dough. Calling them "beignets" is a stretch.We enjoyed the pancakes ($9) which came in a stack of 4. They had a great crispy texture along the edges and were served with a single small but tasty chicken-apple sausage. However, we did note with dismay that both the pancakes and sausage had sections that were charred completely black. I don't know about you, but I like to keep my carcinogen consumption down to a minimum.The chicken sandwich ($12) came with a choice of homemade potato chips or potato salad. I went with the latter. For the price, we felt the portion sizes were off. The chicken sandwich was kind of small and should be at least 50% bigger while the potato salad was fairly generous. The chicken was underseasoned and sort of bland, but was ok when combined with a bite of the overly salty potato salad.The space has a trendy downtown loft vibe. Despite the seemingly large number of servers, service was a bit slow, especially on water refills and collecting the check. We would possibly return for the pancakes and perhaps to try the seemingly elusive truffled egg sandwich. However, from a taste and value standpoint, we would pass on the beignets and chicken sandwich.
4	The city needs more of these treasures that one might find in LA, SF, or NYC. Limited menu, but great food and lots of personality. Service is ok, but it is only the first week.
5	With the energy-charged locomotive of urban rejuvenation happening in Downtown Vegas, it's with much excitement that we ventured our way to it's newest arrival, Eat.From what I gathered, Eat is a casual venue, similar to a diner, but with a hipper atmosphere and a focus on quality-driven, locally sourced comfort food.  We have been waiting for this kind of establishment for a long time; Vegas definitely needs an urban identity with a sense of community away from commercial strip centers and suburban hubs.  Downtown is growing into it's own, shedding it's identity crisis of yesteryear.As the surroundings are still a bit shaky, the actual building was in good solid condition and the parking around the corner gave a sense of safety and comfort (still faintly reminiscent of 'The Walking Dead' with Zombies eerily meandering the streets)....And as soon as you walk in, you feel a new presence has just emerged, a real sense of place.  We immediately fell in love-the interior is cool but not over-designed, an instantly inviting atmosphere that make you want to stay and enjoy what the kitchen has to offer. I had a terribly good feeling about Eat; and in my mind I was already coming back to eat...We're gushing over the design and atmosphere, but in all truth; Vegas restaurants outside of the Strip have much to be desired in terms of decor.  Many have great food, but are so lacking in interiors that are actually humane, (not some graphic design nightmare or some catalogue cookie cutter interior), some don't even bother with any decorations-it's bereft of joy...We were so excited that we decided to sit at the communal table (totally our last choice for seats in normal circumstances, but it was centrally located and we could see the entire room from that table). Loving every moment and excited for our Brunch!And we were in front of the open kitchen, so we could see all the action! Being that we came on a weekend, Eat was serving the Brunch menu which is our favorite meal of the day!  I was so excited, since I though we had missed breakfast and they had the most interesting items in the morning!Well, it was at the top of the menu and we couldn't resist ordering the Beignets dusted in Powder Sugar with a side of Jam and Vanilla Marscapone. It was a really great way to start off the meal and it was perfect with the Coffee!  BTW the table is set with Mugs and condiments in the center of the Communal table and Counter which is a great feature - kudos!I came in thinking I was gonna order one thing, but I ended up really cheating on my cheat day; The Chicken Fried Steak smothered in Country Gravy + Two Eggs Over Easy + Smashed Potatoes + possibly the best Rye Toast I've ever had!!I relished this dish, the chicken fried steak had the best crunchy texture that contrasted effortlessly  with the creamy/chunky gravy that was....really to die for.  It was a comforting country breakfast that I knew would last me all throughout the day and well into the evening.  The Eggs were cooked perfectly, Ioved scooping up the yolk with the thick cut pieces of Rye toast and the Potatoes sent me into overdrive...By our waiter's suggestion, Rick order the Huevos Motulenos: Two Eggs Over Easy + Red and Green Chili Sauce + Black Beans + Green Peas + Feta Cheese +Sauteed Banana all on a Corn Tortilla.  WOW...the flavors bursted with vibrance, but the real game changer was the Sauteed Banana-it elevated this dish!! I had no idea that this one ingredient could really create a whole different flavor profile that made me fall head over heels in love! The sweetness toned the hot spicy Chiles and added a gentler texture.We also ordered a side of the Chicken Apple Sausage which was extremely juicy and satisfying!  There wasn't one thing that we ordered that we wouldn't get again in a heartbeat-everything was amazing....And as any proud owner would, Chef Natalie came to each table and asked how the meal was, and we couldn't have been more happier with the food, the service and the ambience!  Eat is surely a destination restaurant and a definite must for anyone who has a love for comfort food and desire to patronize local businesses that work so hard to delivery great experiences!  We are devoted fans and will soon become regulars at Eat!!Ratings (Out of FiveStars)Food:           5Service:       5Ambience:   5PERFECT SCORE!!!
5	Great food, great ambiance.  Had a BLT on crack with avocado, chipotle mayo and the most buttery, decadent sourdough bread around.  Staff was courteous, attentive and the pricing for food was great.  $3 for a soda is a bit high in my mind, but I'm willing to overlook since everything else was so stellar.
4	Let me preface this review by giving a quick run down of how my friend and I finally arrived at eat. We were walking here from Downtown3rd Farmer's Market, which I knew would be just a quick few blocks up Fremont Street and to Carson Street. Of course, so easy!As we walked and noted certain street signs were missing from certain streets we we ended up walking about six blocks PAST Carson where we should have made a left! OY VEY.Anyway, eat is a brand new edition to the Downtown scene and a nice little place to drop in for some good, quick bites. The menu features salads, sandwiches and small sides. When we were there only the lunch menu was being featured, although I am aware they serve breakfast as well. My friend and I both opted for the chicken mozzarella sandwich with a pesto sauce and tomatoes. All sandwiches come with a choice of their homemade potato chips or potato salad. We both opted for the chips. They were crispy, brown and yummy. However, a very sad day for us. Each sandwich also comes with a pickle and they were out of pickles. *tear* We actually really were disappointed.As for the sandwich, I thought it was good, although not blowing my socks off. Would I come back and eat it and probably try more of their sandwiches? Yes, I would. Especially since I have been wishing for so long a place like this existed on the Eastside of the Valley. Now - here it is! In my fave place - Downtown! And is just about a 10 minute drive from my house! Here's the thing - the place is SO LOUD. LOOOOUUUDDD. If the place is packed good luck carrying on a decent conversation with whoever you're with without yelling - you won't be able to. Although I like the atmosphere and the way the place looks, I think they could use something to tone down how freaking loud it gets in this place. By the way - avoid street parking by parking in the El Cortez parking garage, it's just a short walk away. Bingo. Awesome new place to eat.
5	Great local b'fast in Vegas. Ignore the neighborhood and run (don't walk) for the tasty huevos multenos, one of the most inventive egg dishes ive tried.  pancakes were the bomb.  Dbl blt and grilled cheese were delish too. The place has a good vibe.
5	I haven't had this combination of high quality food, service, and overall restaurant experience in Las Vegas in a looooong time. Every person working there takes pride in what they were doing. The menu was simple and delicious made with fresh ingredients and came out of a well managed kitchen. Another review commented how Las Vegas has desperately needed a restaurant similar to what you'd commonly find in NY, LA, or SF. I absolutely agree with this sentiment. This is a great representation of what can and should be Las Vegas culinary culture.
5	Eat is off the path of the freemont experience, but it has an urban, cool feel to it. The food is a bit pricy but really worth it. I had breakfast there, though there are lunch/dinner options as well. The bread they use is SO fresh and tasty, and our server was exceptional. I will be back
4	This is one of the first restaurants downtown trying to break the downtown slump - which is great! It's in a weird location, but I guess that's the point in a way, right?Anyway. Once you get in, immediately you know this is new. It's fresh. Which is also the word I'd use for their food. It is fresh, not too filling, and overall... clean and simple. The flavors are right because every ingredient seems to be used for exactly what it is. Not overcooked, overspiced, and made bland. This is how people will learn to appreciate freshness and flavor again, I think.It's interesting that the category on this restaurant is "American (New)." If this is the new American style of food, I'm in. But why not 5 stars? Because I don't think it was memorable enough yet. The menu is full of a bunch of familiar items (which works for a lot of people, sure). I think it has room to grow in ways outside of freshness, and I'm sure it will.
2	Me, my husband and my best friend went to have breakfast on Monday morning. I was very excited about this place. Former chef from Casino, New downtown restaurant and cool interior....  Yes It is located at very weird area...you don't want to hang out on the street near the Eat. after dark. Only serving breakfast and lunch is a great idea. I don't want to be there at night time. Anyway we found the restaurant without any problem with my navi.But I didn't have any Quarters for the parking. I went inside and asked for some change. Restaurant was beautiful. Very hip, great vibe and cool California style...felt like i was at Santa Monica somewhere not in downtown LV.My friend ordered Smoked Salmon, my husband ordered Shrimp and Grits and a side of pancakes, and I ordered Truffled Egg Sandwich. Maybe our expectation was TOO high. Maybe Chef wasn't there when we were there. Sorry...every dish was nothing special... First of all Smoked salmon dish was just serving cream cheese, capers, sliced tomatoes, red onion and rye bread. My truffled egg sandwich...I can make better one at home. And my husband's Shrimp and Grits were the worst I've ever had. Shrimp wasn't season enough and the Grits were not season at all...not even salt. And coffee was luke warm.Staff was very nice and I loved the atmosphere. But when you pay for $65($55for food and coffee+$10 for tip) for breakfast for 3 people. I'm expecting more than just serving store bought smoked salmon with cream cheese.I will give the chef credit, because they do use high quality products.We want to see more than pretty presentation and hip dining space. The food need more flavor for that price.But we will give them another shot.
4	This is a cute little lunch cafe. Very cool  decor with a trendy/artsy vibe. I loved the aesthetic of the place.  I love that it is downtown. Only serves breakfast and lunch. I went around 11:00 a.m. on a weekday and was offered the lunch menu; full of healthy and organic options. By the time I was done eating an awesome free-range chicken sandwich the place was starting to get packed. The restaurants maximum occupancy is 89...so maybe not a place I would go in peak hours. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. There is a counter for single diners and tables can be moved together for larger groups.
4	I eat, so I went to eat to eat.After doing some business at 200 Lewis avenue at 8am I was hungry and looked for a place to eat downtown, yes there are many casinos with restaurants around but I didn't feel like going into a casino, besides the traffic court had already beaten them to my money. As I was driving away from the renovated areas of downtown into the more shady areas, I spotted this little place in the corner of Carson and seven street known for other kind of activities, so I was surprised to find a restaurant there. I parked my car  and searched for quarters under the seat of my car for the parking meter, luckily I hadn't  cleaned my car for months so I found enough change for parking, for breakfast, and even for the bum asking for change. The restaurant is located at the corner of an old budget apartment building, but don't let that scare you because once you walk in you'll forget the world outside and be absorbed into a new, clean, modern, cool dinning experience. The place is small and popular so sometimes you'll be forced to share a table with other people, but not to worry, they won't bite, they have good food on their plate. By recommendation of the waiter I went with the huevos motulenos, two eggs over easy covered with red and green sauce with melted cheese on top of corn tortillas. The only other place I had this is in Mexico and I cannot tell you how good this is, you have to try it for yourself and do your own sweating. you'll be coming back for more.They only serve breakfast and lunch and that is a good call, you don't want to be caught in this area after sunset. It all turns into a different kind of venture, you'll become the main course so you better fly like a moth towards the Fremont street experience lights, unless you're looking for something else,..in that case, ask for Lola...now that's five stars! (I heard) Good foodGreat serviceGreat atmosphereVery clean I'll be back to eat...to eat.
5	We wanted to come down here to eat breakfast because of all the hype in all the local magazines. The food was amazing. Everything from the bread to the chicken was top notch. The Cooks were doing an awesome job working there butts off trying to get everyone's brunch out quickly. The food was delicious. The sausage was especially tasty. I will defiantly be back for the food.The waitress I had was a different story she was the dumbest waitress I have ever encountered anywhere. I don't know what her name was and I doubt she could remember it if I asked her. She was tall and brown hair and cross eyed. First it took forever to bring us drinks because she forgot us multiple times. We asked for straws and I understand sometimes you run out of things but she was back searching for an eternity and came back with two straws (there were four of us) and asked who wanted them. Awkward. She should have just said they were out. She then brought us our check but it had already been paid by someone else....ok do we just leave? So we confronted her about it and she gave us some BS dumb answer how she misused the plus and subtracted our....what?! She ran in the back and we never saw the brown haired blond the rest of our visit. Thankfully the good looking restaurant manager swooped in and saved the day by fixing our check she was on top of things. We will be returning soon but only because the food was amazing.49$ for 4 people
5	Add me to the list of people who LOVE this place.  I had the Huevos Motulenos - I don't think there is any other restaurant in LV that offers a breakfast this flavorful and unique.The atmosphere was cool and the selection of tea was awesome.  If you have not checked this place out yet, you totally should!
4	Eat is a new restaurant one block east and one block south of the El Cortez.First of all, I don't care much for the name.  Too clever by half.  But I'm here for the grub, so I'll overlook the too trendy, too cute name.Dined at Eat early on a weekday morning, there were only three other customers.  This gave me a chance to talk with my server, the manager, and the owner.  Everyone was very nice.Sat at the counter and ordered the huevos motulenos.  They tasted fabulous (lots of flavor going on here!) and the presentation was perfect.  The manager DID make the chef re-plate my food and made sure I saw him do it, which was kind of pretentious in retrospect.The space feels urban and trendy and doesn't fit in with the run down (but improving) neighborhood surrounding the restaurant.I'll be back, hopefully for brunch.  Lots of interesting items on the menu.You should try it.---------------------------Here's an actual conversation I had with a Middle-Aged Lady with Wild Hair (MALWWH) on my way back to Fremont.  I was about to cross the street against the light.MALWWH:  Hey, don't do that!Me:  What?MALWWH:  Don't cross against the light!  The cops will arrest you and take you to jail, and they won't let you go until you give them $35.Me:  Really?MALWWH:  Yeah.  Like the cops don't have anything better to do.  Don't they see all the f-ing crackheads around here?Me:  Well, it wouldn't be that big of a deal - I've got $35.MALWWH:  Don't tell anyone you have $35...they'll take it from you!Me:  LOL
4	After my first time here, I thought the food was pretty good.  I had the arugula salad with chicken.  A bit pricey for a $15 lunch salad and there wasn't enough chicken to leave me satisfied.  Very tasty and very healthy, just not enough chicken.  Ambiance is unique for Vegas.  We are definitly getting cooler as a city when places like this open up.  I plan on eating here a few more times so I cantry some of the other items on the menu!
5	This place is awesome. Great atmosphere. And the food is great! I got a basic two egg breakfast and it was all perfectly prepared. My boyfriend had the chicken fried steak and that was delicious a well. Service was wonderful. We never had to ask for water. Can't wait to come back another time and try lunch!!
4	Tried EAT for breakfast.  We all had the pancakes which were golden brown and crispy around the edges. Cooked just like I love them.  There were 3 of us and unfortunatley everyone was stuck on pancakes so we didn't get to try any of the other breakfast entrees.  We did order the beignets, don't exepect Nawlins style beignets. EAT's are dense.  None the less delicious, and the vanilla marscapone served with them is delish. We'll be back to try out the rest of the menu. The service was good too.Non-Food They did a great job with the interior remodel.  Urban/Industrial vibe. All the comments about the location-get over it, it's downtown and that's what makes it great, and EAT's a great addition to downtown.
4	Right off the bat, I loved the ambience and set up of this place.  It's awesome that you could sit in a place and feel like you're somewhere else. I would say it gave off the vibe of a trendy spot in Melrose.  There were cool, huge black and white photos hung on the walls.  Our waitress was really nice and suggested a few items off their menu. I really wanted to have their breakfast menu but we missed it, since they stop serving it at 11am.  Anyways, I got the veggie bahn mai with a side of potato salad and my friend and I split their black bean chili.  The baguette was so deliciously buttery and crispy at the edges and the veggies was served in sort of like a slaw: 4/5. The soup was ok. I kinda wish it was a little spicier and it also came out a little cold: 3/5. I also liked the fact that they carried organic juices.The location of this spot blows my mind, because I'm always in this area but never knew this place was here.  I probably never noticed it because I'm usually downtown at night.  I'll definitely have to make a morning trip down here soon so I can try their breakfast menu.
2	NOT SO "WOW" IN THE CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPTAs a resident of downtown las vegas who eats every meal out, I am always pleased to see a new offering in the local restaurant scene. After giving this new breakfast and lunch spot a couple of weeks to settle in, my girlfriend and I walked the three blocks from our home at the Ogden for a light breakfast, coffee, and newspapper. When we arrived on a Wednesday, there were only about 10 dinners in the place, so when our host seated us at a small table in a dimly lit area, we asked to be seated near the windows where there was more light to read out papper.Even though there sere at least six open tables in that area, our hosts replied that we sometimes get busy and we don't like to seat two people at a four top table.  I just looked at him and asked, are you serious, there is no one seated in that area.  He again replied that they might get busy and that all he could offer us was the small table or the lunch counter.As my wife and I sat down, we looked at each other and said, that was the wrong answer, over hearing us, he comes back to the table and says, well, if you are going to be that upset about it, I will move you.    I declined.Instead of just walking out, we ordered a cup of coffee, while we enjoyed our coffee, two other two-somes and a single diner we searted in the area that we had asked for.Not the kind of WOW customer service that the Downtown Projects other companies strive so hard to deliver.  Perhaps they need to take the Zappos tour.
5	Probably one of the cooler restaurants I've been to in a while. I just had breakfast there and I was so compelled to immediately write a review. Eat is located in an area of Downtown that is being redeveloped. I'd say that this place is probably the impetus of redevelopment in its immediate area - the area looks like it could be kinda sketchy at night. But it was fine when I went in the morning. In fact, they are only open until 3pm, so don't be scared and check them out!Walking in to the restaurant, I really got a hip, trendy, downtown feeling - exactly what I'm looking for when visiting any downtown restaurant in any city. I was promptly greeted and seated. I sat at the counter, which overlooks the open-kitchen. The staff working there seem to match the hip, downtown look the restaurant is going for - tattoos, t-shirts and funky hair. I must've stood out with my clean cut look, but hey there are a lot of businesses in the area so I'm sure the "corporate" folk come here too, especially for lunch. I ordered the truffled egg sandwich, which, thanks to Yelp, seems to be one of the more popular items. My food came out quickly and I was a lot of food! The sandwich was in a perfectly toasted croissant and was topped with eggs, mushrooms and very crisp bacon. It came with a side of potatoes. Overall a great breakfast to start my day and a place you should check out.
4	Just moved downtown and I'm glad to find a place within walking distance that is reasonably healthy (if you want) and uses quality ingredients. Only been there once for a late lunch but the Chicken Sandwich was delicious and reasonably priced (bevs expensive) and chips were okay (nothing special). Ambiance and decor is nice and modern, but with very limited seating I'm sure it fills up fast at peak times. It's nice to see someone really step up with turning downtown into a place locals will want to go. It's still not the best part of town but they're helping to change that and during breakfast and lunch (no dinner service), you'll be just fine.I took a peek at the breakfast menu while I was there and I'm excited to get back!
1	Went to eat there this afternoon service was great food was good but I was in absolute shock by the way one of the managers was scolding the employees in the middle of the dining room..... I will not be back!
5	So when I told my bf that I wanted to go here he immediately started to complain about the parking meters.  I told him to suck it up and we headed down there.  I first ordered a bottle of water and the waitress told me that they don't have bottled water.  My bf grinned and said "I think I'm going to like this place."  I was debating about what to order and then decided on the shrimp and grits.  I asked if I could have poached eggs instead of fried.  The waiter came back and said "the chef said no to the poached eggs."  My bf then got a bigger grin on his face and said, "I think I really like this place."  He claims to be tortured by myself and all my bougie girlfriends that are always trying to modify menu items - whatever.  Anyways the food arrived and was delish.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked which is a nice treat, since frequently, even at some of the best restaurants shrimp gets overcooked.  Everything is made in house and the fruit was excellent.  The fruit bowl consisted of berries and orange slices, not a mangy slice of tasteless cantaloupe or honey dew to be seen (blech).  The portions are regular sized, not grossly gagantuan and the food was beautifully presented.  The bill came to $38 for both of us.  Maybe a little high for an off-strip breakfast/lunch spot.  But when taking into account the technique used to prepare the food and the quality of the ingredients quite fair.      The service was relaxed but attentive.  The owner was walking through the restaurant and checked in on all the tables.  The vibe of the restaurant was more consistent with something that I would expect in Austin or Seattle, so a nice change from what you usually get in Las Vegas.
3	I remember the days when I used to long for the hole in the wall breakfast joint in Vegas that i would go to in other cities like SF, LA, SD, NY, and MIami. The longing is over for sure. This is a very quaint breakfast and lunch joint that serves excellent food in a very approachable, no frills atmosphere. You can tell that the person that owns puts their heart and soul into it daily. How can you not love a place like that? The food is definitely good, just needs a little more refinement. Not bad in anyway, but the mexican eggs dish was good, but a little too saucy. It could have had a little more focus. The music could have been a little louder giving more atmosphere. Small things, little tweaks will take that place into legendary status. A definite must try.
5	This is a quaint little restaurant located downtown. You wouldn't even know it was there from the outside. But once you walk in, the whole atmosphere changes. The decor is wonderful - done in greens and natural woods. Very pretty. We went there for lunch and there wasn't much on the menu to choose from but that was fine by us as everything we order was perfection. We tried the avocado BLT and the chicken sandwich. Simple but so fresh and the flavors melded so well together. I would recommend this place to everyone.
5	Delicious.. 5 stars.. the owner has passion.. we had a first hand exp.  Thumbs up!
4	This place is hidden underneath what looks like an apartment complex. I went there for lunch with a few friends and was plesantly surprised at how nice the inside of the restaurant was. We were seated promtly and the chef was there overseeing everything. The food was average. I ordered the posole and shared the roast beef sandwich. The sandwich was great but there was not enough meat for the bread. I had half the sandwich and then had to leave the other half of the bread alone since there wasn't enough meat to eat with it. The only downside to this place is that it gets EXTREMLY loud when the restaurant is full. When we first arrived the place didn't have that many customers which was why we were seated promptly. Unfortunately when more customers arrived the louder the place got. It was also almost as if they turned up the music as well making it that much louder since people had to talk over the music. I felt I had to scream to my friend who was sitting next to me just so that she can hear me. :-( I will be coming back again, hopefully they will have addressed the noise issue and mabe give me a sandwich that has a better filling to bread ratio.
5	This place is hands down one of the best new places to eat in Las Vegas!  From the ambiance to the food, this place rocks!It's located downtown off 7th street and Carson Ave.  While the neighborhood isn't the best, it's still safe and worth the drive downtown.  The decor is hip and trendy and perfect for the new emerging downtown feel.  You can tell the waitstaff both work and play downtown, and they are all very friendly.The menu is short and sweet and everything is delicious.  I've been here several times and have yet to be disappointed.  Not only is the food good, but the presentation is great.  The grilled cheese and tomato salad is great and flavorful, as is the free range chicken and mozzarella sandwich.  If you're going for breakfast, either the pancakes or the huevos motulenos (their most popular dish) are the best choices.  The Chef/owner Natalie is always there greeting people or helping put out orders and you can tell she really loves what she does and that this place is her baby.  I'm going to continue dragging all of my friends here and making sure everyone I know gets to experience eat.!
3	This is a modern looking eatery serving both breakfast and lunch.  Located at the corner of Carson and 7th Streets, it faces a vacant lot which I believe is included in Zappos' Dowtown Project initiative.  The staff was very friendly though numbering more than seemed needed. We requested a single order which turned out to be 5 small beignets served with strawberry jam and mascarpone cheese.  Owner/chef Natalie Young stopped by our table and cheerfully accommodated my request for a photo.  I feel menu prices are too high given the restaurant's location and the small portion size though the coffee and beignets had a high quality quotient.
3	I stopped by this place with a few friends to grab some lunch and check out the joint. The food was delicious, but the prices seemed a bit high especially for the small quantity that is served. The menu was limited and I found myself uninterested in any of the options so I opted for something simple, more choices would have been great! Aside from the food, the place had a positive atmosphere and the service was great. The only downfall to the service was towards the end when we were all ready to pay. We pulled out our cards and placed them on the table, only to have the owner walk up and say "Can you pay with one card?", abruptly leaving and then coming back with a receipt paper that had "only one payment per table" written on it and harshly walked away again without saying anything. I felt this was very unprofessional and rude especially coming from the owner. The payment rule, I feel, is such an inconvenience to the customer since everyone splits checks now a days. Putting up a sign or having the severs mention the payment rule would be great for the customers and restaurant to avoid any problems.Overall the experience was good, the interior design was great, the customer service was iffy, but the food was delectable.
5	Great place for lunch. Black bean vegetable chili and grilled cheese is a great meal. Going to have to go back to try their homemade ginger ale.  Very modern chic/green type feel.  if ur in downtown def give it a try!
4	Impressive and totally unexpected; a healthy, trendy, farm to table eatery in the sketchy confines of  Downtown Vegas.  Serving only breakfast and lunch.  Short but well thought out menu that uses the same ingredients throughout.Right to it, the fried to order beignets are phenomenal.  Crispy, lightly sweetened pillows topped with powdered sugar.  Eat them while they're hot, with the melting side of vanilla mascarpone and tart fruit jam.  Yum.  The egg white frittata filled with spinach, tomatoes, olives and feta is equally good.  Aggressively seasoned and not dry. For lunch, the "DWBLT" (smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and chipotle mayo sourdough sandwich) is vibrant and refreshing with a decent kick.  The grilled aged cheddar sandwich on sourdough with a fresh tomato salad a definite winner of a reinvented classic.Good prices.  Friendly service.  Hopefully the menu evolves with the seasons.  For now, a welcome addition to the blah food scene of downtown but by no means a destination restaurant.Side note - Thank you Vegas yeep Leonel M. whose review made me break my self imposed, five plus year hiatus from town to eat at Eat.
1	The food and service was great until the owner of the place came up to our table and was absolutely rude to us about using more than 2 credit cards for a party of 11. We had no idea we couldn't use more than 2 cards and there was no point of her yelling at our table and showing how sad and ungrateful she was for anyone dining there. She ruined our entire experience here. I would never come back because of the way she approached us and even was rude until we left by talking to other patrons about us. So rude.
4	Been so excited to try this new place! We mapped our way there and ended up in a sketchy neighborhood and parked on the street. (Bring your change for the meters). We were ready for the adventure. We were seated immedietly. The menus were small but we both found vegetarian options that were delicious! The ginger ale was to die for as well! The food came out very fast and the server was very nice. I will be back! Not 5 stars due to price, it was a little spendy and it said my meal came with the side on the menu then I was told when I got my food that it didn't. Just little hick ups-wonderful place over all!
5	Service was great and the food was delicious. Me and My girlfriend went around 9 AM on a weekday and parking was really easy to find, which is another plus since the restaurant is downtown. Everyone seemed so genuine happy we came in, especially the owner. definitely will be back!
5	I was really glad to find this place. I didn't want a crappy LV hotel breakfast so we walked a few blocks over to Eat. It was perfect. Great food, great service, great atmosphere.
3	I was hyped about going to "Eat" due to some of the reviews.  I arrived and the place was packed with the local "suits" indicating a popular place considering it is off the beaten path a bit. I was impressed that the owner was working the line putting pickles, chips and love into each meal.I ordered the roast beef with bleu cheese, pickled onions, wild mushrooms. The roast beef was tender but underseasoned.   I was disappointed that the mushrooms didn't seem wild at all but looked like the button mushrooms you buy at any store.  There wasn't enough bleu cheese, which for me is saying alot since I am not a huge bleu cheese fan.   The chips were homemade but could have used some seasoning.   Some of them were rubbery.  The menu is limited but everyone seemed to be enjoying their food.  Perhaps I chose a bad menu item.  Some of the sandwiches seemed large for a lunch meal and the bread looks very thick.  This sandwich and the ciabattas themselves were smaller and just the right size as I was full on the last bite. I will go back to try other menu items as the  menu does have some interesting combinations and all the local hype about the owner/chef has me wondering if maybe the roast beef wasn't the best order.  Still, while the food is good and the atmosphere lively and I love the owner's open participation, I cannot say this is a must for your restaurant rotations.The drinks are also overpriced with a soda costing $3.00 and it is uphill from there.
5	We found Eat through Yelp and it was a GREAT find.  Food, service and atmosphere were just what we were looking for.  Great change from the casino restaurants and worth it.  Pricier than the normal Vegas breakfast, but you get what you pay for!  We went twice - once by ourselves to check it out and then brought the family back the next day and they all raved about the food and service.  It is very convenient - one street over from Fremont.
2	I heard great things about this place and really wanted to like it, but it disappointed me, both in food and service.The location didn't bother me as it seemed to bother other reviewers. You have to pay for parking which is inconvenient if you don't have change, but I was willing to do that if the food was good. Sadly, it wasn't.First of all our server was very aggressive. He put his hand on the back of my chair and leaned in close to my personal space. He creeped me out. I appreciate friendliness but I don't appreciate you getting really close to me. My husband noticed it right away too.We had coffee while waiting for our order. It wasn't horrible or anything- I've had much worse- but it tasted over extracted, like they were skimping on the amount of coffee used to brew it. At $3 a cup (yep, $6 in total for two mugs of coffee), it should taste better than that.My husband ordered shrimp & grits and he loved it. He ordered it because that's the dish he heard others raving about.I ordered the eggs benedict and holy moly, the sauce was SOUR! Not a good kind of sour either. The bacon was also limp and chewy. Yes, it was turkey bacon, which I eat at home all the time, but it didn't even taste like it was cooked. It was really gross.The serving size was small, but that wouldn't have bothered me if the food actually tasted good. I don't like stuffing myself with huge portions at breakfast, but it's hard to not feel ripped off when you paid $13 for english muffins with limp bacon and sour hollandaise sauce.The ambience was cool and hipster-ish. I think it's cool that they let their waiters have tattoos and dyed hair, but that doesn't make the food taste better or the waiter less creepy. Also the music was far too loud, my husband and I could barely have a conversation.Final verdict: waste of money for now. The place is new, maybe they'll work the kinks out. If they changed a few things this place could be great but I'm not returning for now.
4	I am so excited that a new restaurant finally opened downtown.  I went to Eat on Friday with a group of 6 for lunch.  I really like the decor and atmosphere in this restaurant.  I ordered their flavored iced tea and the BLTA.  Both were very good.  The sourdough bread that the sandwich was served on was excellent and the sandwich was a very good size for lunch.  You will not leave hungry! Sandwich included the homemade chips which I thought were tasty.  I am not ordinarily big on chips but really liked these. The other 5 people that were with me were very happy with their food and the service.  Can't wait to come back for breakfast and try the pancakes.
4	I've been here a total of three times. Once for the lunch menu, second time for the brunch menu and lastly for the breakfast menu. Everytime the food was absolutely delicious. Wait staff was at a B+, nothing over the top and went a few minutes needing a refill. My only complaint is the three menus. I wish I could get the breakfast menu a little later in the day, say til about 11am.. I am in the service industry myself and am not usually an early morning person. But, when I am up that early, I eat at... eat. :-)
5	Excellent little breakfast and lunch place. Friendly and fast service with a nice atmosphere. The brunch special breakfast burrito is fantastic! Definitely recommended.
3	I had lunch with my mom and grandma today because it's less than a mile from my office! I walked into Eat with a 5 star mindset. Unfortunately, I didn't get a 5 star experience. Eat is decorated beautifully. It is rustic and urban and modern and east coast meets west coast all at the same time. Brick walls and simple art and a few rustic wooden tables and I'm in love. One star for ambiance/decor. We sat down and our waiter came by to take our drink order. He wasn't very nice and had this look on his face like "I can't wait to walk away from this table and I couldn't be less interested in what you want to drink." The drink prices are a little ridiculous. Grandma ordered tea: $4 for a cup? And $3 for a soda? Hmmm...Also, they DO NOT have bottled water. I don't understand this. My mom tried to order bottled water and the rude waiter just said "we don't have that." I asked if their water was at least filtered and he said "well, it's not tap water but it comes from a fountain." ::blankstare:: What does that even mean? We ordered a glass anyway and it definitely tasted like Vegas tap water. Mom ordered coffee instead and believe it or not, the coffee tasted stale. I ordered the DWBLT. It was DELICIOUS. I'd give 5 stars just for this sandwich if it weren't for the shitty service and awkwardly unhappy waiter. It came with lettuce, tomato, bacon, avocado and chipotle mayo on toasted sourdough (but it actually tasted more like lightly fried bread?). The flavors were amazing and the bread was soft, but crispy. Also, the bacon was out-of-this-world good. The sandwich was oozing with freshness and definitely one of the best BLTs I've ever had! It came with homemade potato chips which were pretty good too. My grandma had the chicken caesar salad. She seemed to enjoy it. Mom ordered the chicken sandwich and she loved it. She got potato salad with her sandwich. I took a bite and it was pretty good - not as good as the DWBLT though! Before we were even finished eating and before our table was cleared, a waiter who wasn't ours walked by and placed our check on the table. I REALLY hate when this happens. I didn't ask for the check yet and it makes me feel rushed. And, how do you know I didn't want to order something else? I'm not usually this critical, but this restaurant has a lot of potential. It's already popular and the food is wonderful - that's the hard part! The easy part is good customer service... and Eat is severely lacking in that department. I'll give it another shot , though!
4	EAT, pretty simply put, how could I go wrong as I Yelped up a something to eat this morning for some breakfast before returning home from Vegas? I generally stay clear of the places that appear so sublime on Yelp, but I was hungry and I was biting on the the Yelp hook again for a relatively new place with a short track record. My GPS in the rent-a-car told me this place didn't exist WTF was this some kind of Yelp trick? I found it anyway a half dozen blocks down from the Fremont Street Experience downtown, nestled under an old apartment complex.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#1FLXhCFNGaHKlo7mePjUCQ  Maybe 707 never existed before Eat made her home here???After feeding the meter across the street I crossed and hesitantly I walked into a nicely appointed, clean semi industrial, semi earthy space of a restaurant  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#5hwJW33twIKPbYqGXborAw  with only a few customers and was greeted by a tall dude (forget his name) with face full of jewelery, a punker hair-do and a dark gothish demeanor. He showed me to a table and got me some coffee right off. Nice guy.As I read the menu I knew I wasn't in Kansas anymore Toto, there were a bunch of menu choices that were out of the box and sounded very promising. http://eatdowntownlv.com/breakfast/FOOD ORDERED:Truffled Egg Sandwich Two farm-fresh scrambled eggs with wild mushrooms, chives, feta, bacon and smashed potatoesWHAT I GOT:Truffled Egg Sandwich and some country style fried potatoes. The sammy was great, yummy thick sliced bacon atop a couple of fried eggs laced with shrooms and some chives and a kiss of feta cheese crumbles on a croissant roll. This sammy was good! And the taters were well seasoned and tasty as well. 4.5*****STARShttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#atNQH5fb6TgXBd6UtOgXkwThe service was great too. Plenty of refills, checked on me couple times too. Had their s**t together.  4.5 **** StarsI also briefly met Natalie Young  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#kz1WySQnziPX0GxnBQvwQA the chef / owner as she was kicking it with a few patrons at the table next to me. She seemed like a very nice and down to earth gal.She explained that breakfast crowd for some unknown reason was always a bit slower but lunch and later times were always slammed full of customers. I can believe it if the Lunch and Dinner choices are anything like breakfast food. While a little pricey (still cheaper than the Vegas strip restaurants) it's so worth it.This place is as cool, hipster, and the food is as good as you are likely to find in a local Las Vegas eatery. Its a local downtown eating establishment that's not on the beaten path when it comes to locale or food. This place is what most trendy LA places wish they were  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#lSlXZcBJk6tow9WEoEUcsw hip with legit with great food and real atmosphere.I gotta try the chicken fried steak next time it looked awesome!I'll be back, next time in Vegas!
2	Oh, Eat--I really wanted to like you, especially after hearing such glowing recommendations from friends, but you just left too much to be desired.As far as the good: the decor was really cute and reminded me of some farm-to-table eateries in Denver or Portland, and I really appreciated the variety of menu items, which included healthy options and vegetarian-friendly dishes. The execution, however, desperately needed work. My boyfriend and I came in for breakfast on a weekday morning (meaning the place was busy but not slammed), and we ordered water and coffee upon our first interaction with the server. Neither came out until our food arrived. (And it should be noted that my breakfast didn't come out until my boyfriend was almost finished with his plate.) As far as food quality, I was again disappointed. I love the idea of beignets, especially with jam and mascarpone, but they were pretty overcooked. My egg white frittata was so wet that I literally had a pool of water on my plate, which made my English muffins soggy and water-logged, and my boyfriend ordered the tofu scramble, which was flavorful but unbelievably greasy. I love the concept of this restaurant, and I think a lot of people want Eat to succeed, since it provides a sense of authenticity to the burgeoning neighborhood, but the actual execution needs some refinement before I could recommend it to anyone.
5	Food gets a 5.  Noise level at community table gets a 3.  However, I went for the food and it did not disappoint.  I had the oatmeal, my Friend had a salad and my husband had one of the egg dishes.  Everyone one individually would have us come back.  I have been wanting to get to EAT since hearing Chef/owner Natalie Young present at Inspire.  Her passion for cooking and her business model were interesting -- her food is outstanding.
5	Fantastic comfort food and really friendly staff. The sandwiches are all very good.
3	I have updated and upgraded my review.  I still need to try breakfast which appears to be what this restaurant is best known for.  After a disappointing experience with Roast Beef my first visit, I returned with my Dad, Stepmom and Stepsister, discriminating, if somewhat cynical diners.  Chef Natalie Young was at the door and greated us less than enthusiastically, I might even say grumpily.  Second visit I got that impression from her.  Although she said she wouldn't turn down the music, it did get turned down for a while.  I had the fried chicken, grits, collard greens and mac and cheese special, my guests had the grilled cheese and a chicken sandwich.  Our waitress was friendly with a sense of humor which certainly helped.  The fried chicken was excellent and I would have it again if they offer it.  I did not like the collard greens as they tasted dirty but the grits and mac were wonderful.  My guests enjoyed their dishes as well.  On the way out Chef Young actually gave us a smile and a thank you!A few things keep this restaurant from getting higher ratings.  1) Breakfast ends at 11.  This isn't a problem for me but we arrived at 10 minutes before 11 were handed a breakfast menu, and then, when the waitress showed up 15 minutes later, she said we couldn't order any breakfast items, even the berries which doesn't involve any breakfast cooking.  You think they would have at least allowed us some berries.  2) They have no desserts.  The waitress apologized and half heartedly offered us some breakfast muffins (even though it was after 11) but this place would rock if they had some deserts.Next time I will try the breakfast which other reviewers rave about.
4	I am so happy to have this place within walking distance. It is exactly the kind of locals place that I have been missing since moving to Vegas.The menu is very creative and the food is really good. I'm not a meat eater so most of it is off limits to me but I am hopeful that they will offer more veggie friendly options in the future.
5	Anyone who knows me and knows my eating habits well, knows that breakfast is not only the most important meal of the day, but it is also my jam!I've seen a lot of my downtown buddies post photo after photo on instragram about this this lovely little cafe that I just knew I'd have to get my eat. on and get it on with the quickness.First and foremost, bring quarters. All the parking near the restaurant is quartered. When we arrived we didn't have quarters. As soon as we walked in, the lady who greeted us with a warm smile, saw the two dollars in my hand and gave me change, saying she was "prepared!"My friend and I were seated quickly and given menus that had us drooling and boggled as to what to order. EVERYTHING looked so good and the dishes fellow patrons were munching on looked divine, too.Our food arrived quickly and promptly. It was love at first bite. You can taste the freshness and the quality of the food. Each dish was made with love. Even the homemade jam had that je ne sais quoi magic to it.The service was amazing, there was a great sense of teamwork among the staff, I felt as if we had a not one server, but an entire crew.The cafe is beautiful and modern. Black and white, with bright green flourishes. The kitchen was open and clean. Nothing hidden. The lady who greeted us, came over during our meal and introduced herself as the owner and thanked us for checking the place out. I was thoroughly impressed.From great service, to great food, to a locally owned place. I love eat. I can't wait to head downtown and eat here again.
4	Went there for a relaxed breakfast with the Mrs.  The food had good flavor, the service was above average and the owner was nice and attentive.
1	Eat you might, good eats you might not. I am sad that my experience at this place was not one that would leave an ever lasting desire to go there again. The servers didn't listen well and the food was bland. As a side note I believe that a restaurant that is only open for brunch time should probably serve the whole menu. I live in the downtown area and was thrilled when I heard this Eat was opening.  I had been thinking about going for weeks... finally I made my way down to eat.  When we arrived it was about 1pm... they close at 2 now, but by the way everyone was paced it seemed as if they were already trying to close.  There were about 10 people in the place.  It is clean and nicely decorated. There were two hipster girls that were running food and drinks back and forth.  Girl 1 gave us our seat and menu.  Girl 2 brought us water. Girl one came to take our drink order... Coke, coffee... Girl 2 brought them out, and said the creamer was coming. Girl 1 came by to take order... I tried to order pancakes because I saw them on the sides menu, but they stop with breakfast at 11 so I  ordered the veggie chili, and my bf ordered the free range chicken sandwich. I asked for honey as girl one was walking away but said sure... she came back with creamer. I asked again.I received a big bowl with a corn tortilla, it had flavor of spice and chicken... I didn't think this is was I ordered... my bf was not very pleased with his sandwich.  It was bland and was dripping water with every bite. The chips were greasy and soggy... Girl 2 came by and dropped off the check by conveniently placing it on the table so that my bf had to move his arm to make way for the bill.  LOL.  He moved it to the center of the table and I picked it up and said, "no, no, it belongs under your elbow, put it back."  Geez... thinking that I has not received what I ordered because I noticed there was chicken in it, I checked the bill.  It said Pasole.  Good thing I am not a vegetarian anymore... I would have been furious.  I notified Girl 2.  She apologized and said I wouldn't have to pay for the pasole... and would get me some chili. How very kind.  Girl 1 came back inquiring.  I told her I thought I ordered chili. "Oh you wanted the BLACK BEAN chili."  She left.  Girl 2 came back and said, "sorry the pasole is green chili pasole and so they are often confused."  I asked her to take this plate away. Note to yelp: If you are vegetarian, and want to order the veggie chile make sure you say black bean very clearly this way you don't accidentally take a bite of their chicken pasole.  My chili came out... it was cold. There was no slice of corn bread or crackers.  Just plain chili, by then my bf was done eating and I wasn't hungry anymore... I got it to go.  They brought me a to coffee cup... I threw my chili in there... we paid for it and went on about our day.PS.  I know I am a bit of a foodie and have given a few other restaurants downtown low reviews.  My hope is that they will improve and meet a higher standard making the downtown community a great place to live, work and eat.
3	Went on a saturday so we had the brunch menu. I had the arugula salad with chicken and my boyfriend had the eggs benedict. Both items were delicious. It is a very limited menu though.
5	Loved it! The food was amaze balls and the menu size is perfect. While some complain its small and limited - it keeps things special and Delish. Maybe I'll change my mind once I have had an opportunity to try everything at least once. Great vibe - staff was friendly - and portions were hearty. I cannot wait to return. I support independents most of the time and this one should surely be supported and not just because its Downtown - support it cos its good food! No one we ate with was disappointed with squat! Two things I'd like to see change - the in your face policy about check splitting or CC dividing  - it's everywhere including your bill folder.  Second - while I still have food on my plate - don't bring the check. Small improvements - and honestly if those are the only two complaints- it's me who needs to get over it!
4	We arrived near the end of breakfast service and were told by our wait staff person that we would need to order from the brunch menu.  We moaned and told her that we were hoping to have breakfast.  Another person (the manager???) overhead our conversation and came over to tell us if we could order quickly that the kitchen would accomodate our order.  We asked what she would recommend; she suggested the Shrimp and Grits.  I had intended to have something really breakfast-like but since that dish was on my 'to-have' list, I thought, why not try it here.  My cousin ordered the steel cut oatmeal and the beignets.  When the food was served, I split off some of the shrimp and grits to share.  What a mistake; I wish I could have eaten the whole order myself, after having the first bite.  I'm not sure if the restaurant's recipe was traditional, but it sure was gooooood.  Buttered grits on the base, perfectly cooked shrmp, sweet crispy bacon, sauteed pico de gallo, two eggs, and finely chopped red onion.  There was a great balance of flavors and texture.  I'm usually not good with raw onion, but these were cut very fine and were extra sweet so they added an unexpected flavor and texture.  My cousin was also happy with the oatmeal.  This review would have been a 5-star except that the beignets were pretty heavy (suspect that if we had ordered them in breakfast prime-time that they would have been lighter.  But the homemade jam that they were served with was very good so that made up alittle). Will definitely come back on my next visit and will recommend to my friends and family.
4	Buzz, buzz, buzz about Eat for a while now.  I wanted to see what the buzz was about, too, so myself and a friend showed up last Friday at 7:00am, eager to get our breakfast Eat on and....it was closed.  Both the Eat website and Yelp have the hours as opening at 7:00am Monday through Fridays, but that is no longer true as we discovered.  The new opening time is 8:00am.  Disappointed to say the least, we settled on DuPar's for pancakes--it's nice to have a backup downtown!  Round 2:  we showed up today at 8:00am and they were open for business--yes!  Both the beignets and the pancakes looked tempting, but I wanted to try something not sweet for once, so I went with the Shrimp and Grits with bacon.  Our waitress described it as being served in a big bowl with the bacon strips, then the grits, 3 big shrimp, topped by pico de gallo--that's what I got and it was GOOD!  I never eat something so heavy for breakfast, but I liked the combination, being sure to get each part of the dish in each spoonful--very creative and delicious.  I tried my friend's dish, the Huevos Motulenos, which I didn't order only because I don't do spicy food.  If you have the spicy gene, you should order it; I had a bite and it was also delish.  Service was excellent and the space itself is very comfy and clean.  I love having places like this springing up Downtown.  I'll definitely be back for lunch and to try the beignets--just please update the business hours so others don't show up at 7:00am and walk away, sad and hungry.
4	What we ordered:Beignets, shrimp and grits, pancakes, and bacon & eggsAtmosphere was great, lots of food, fast service.  Pancakes had a little burnt griddle grease taste...Would go back.
5	Wonderful food! Ambience and location reminds me of being in San Francisco- eclectic dining with fabulous ingredients = success!
4	Really liked Natalie, the owner of Eat. Servers were very friendly, atmosphere and decor were nice, music was TERRIFIC - lot of Beatles, Rolling Stones, etc - the food was good not great honestly.
4	What up, Downtown?First of all, let's start with the location and restaurant.  Located in the downtown area and within walking distance from the Fremont Experience.  For someone that is not familiar with the area, it can easily be missed since it's literally below some apartments.  Just remember that it's at the corner of Carson & 7th.  The outside and inside brings me back home.  This establishment reminds me of the historic North Park area of San Diego where restaurants, cafes, and stores sit below apartments.  I met fellow Yelper Terri R for breakfast and we were both ready to chow down.  The menu is as simple as it gets.  No folding laminated menu, just a one page sheet.  Everything looked good, but I decided on the Smoked Salmon. Yes, fish for breakfast.  Besides, I was going to have eggs for lunch. The Smoked Salmon is served with tomatoes, cream cheese, and rye bread.  I have to admit, this is one of the best raw salmons that I've had in a while. Seasoned just right, thinly cut, and not fishy at all.  I thought that the staff was as good as it gets.  They were attentive and kept our drinks filled.  The owner was also around making her rounds.  But what I noticed is that she was genuine and sincere with her guests.  One of my biggest pet peeves is when you're in a middle of a conversation and a waiter/waitress interrupts you.  Our waiter was great with his timing and was around when he was needed.  Kudos Eat!!!I will definitely be back because there's still more that I need to try.  My only regret...I forgot to try their Beignets.  TIP:  Bring some Quarters for the parking meters outside.
5	I was so excited to try this restaurant the second I heard about it. We decided to check it out on a weekend and the entire experience lived up to my expectations. Actually, it far exceeded my expectations. I always go out of my comfort zone and try something new, something I wouldn't make on my own at home. The Huevos Motulenos is by far one of THE best breakfast dishes I've ever taste. A little sweet, a little savory, and a little spicy. What a delicious combination. The ingredients are listed as: Two eggs over easy with red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta and sauteed bananas on corn tortilla. Wow, seriously, I could probably eat this every morning. I enjoyed the atmosphere. The restaurant is small, cozy, and simple. It's very comfortable and my two year old enjoyed being there. I definitely plan on making a return visit.
5	They had me at truffled eggs--then piled on a fresh croissant, wild mushrooms, feta, smashed chive potatoes--yes please!  My mouth is savoring this exciting menu full of fresh ideas which is obviously created with lots of love.  Eat is perfect for vegetarians and meat lovers.  Tofu scrambles and Veggie sandwiches are listed right along with chicken fried steak and roast beef with blue cheese.  The menu is short enough to try it all in a week but with ample variety to make u wanna come back.Our server, Kenna is beautiful, super-sweet and bursting with enthusiasm for both her job and downtown Las Vegas.Not sure where they get their bread from (we tried the sourdough toast and the croissant) but it is SO fresh, light, delectable.The prices may seem a tiny bit high but this is definitely a get-what-you pay for kind of spot.I am so impressed I will not take any stars for as many onions as potatoes in the smash mix or that my BF's egg whites were too salty.  Kenna fixed it right away with smiles and a new, saltless order.I can't wait to come back for the black bean veggie chili!
5	I've been wanting to try EAT for quite sometime now and I finally made it there yesterday. I was immediately impressed with the atmosphere and decor. Buzzing with patrons, yet I could still have a conversation at a normal volume.The food was ab-so-lutely delicious. We ended up ordering five plates: The DWBLTA, the Shrimp Po' Boy, the Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup, the Pozole, and the Black Bean Veggie Chili. Had I been solo, I would have eaten everything myself. The Pozole had a great kick after swallowing a bite, the bread on the DWBLTA and the Grilled Cheese was so perfectly crispy/crunchy and buttery good. While we had our sights set on breakfast, we were not dissatisfied with lunch one iota. I'm looking forward to returning very soon to tackle the breakfast menu.
4	Great unexpected find! The food was really fresh and everything our table had, everyone liked! We got the bignets to share for the table, and they were delicious - tiny pockets of fried dough with powdered sugar on them and delicious dipping sauces. What's not to like? We mostly ordered the eggs (tasted very fresh) different ways, but one person got the pancakes, which he said were very good, and another ordered the grits, which he said were very good. Their roasted potates were very delicious as well.
4	An unexpected gem in the middle of kind of a rough looking area. Atmosphere is great and food is delicious. Make sure you get the sourdough toast!
4	Not affiliated with the EAT in Los Angeles, this place was still very good.  I had the Chicken Fried Steak.  It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was seasoned good and was presented good with scratch gravy on top with steaming hot potatoes.  The beef is chuck very well tenderized and it's a thick steak.  Tenderizing a thick steak does require a lot of pounding and I felt that the fat was pounded out of this steak, so it ended up being a bit lean and dry.  More gravy would have fixed this issue.  Sister had the truffled egg croissant.  I tried some of it and didn't get much of the truffle oil.  Bacon was crispy good and the croissant had a good flaky texture. Good service too.
2	So I've heard and read so many great things about this place, maybe they just had an off day, maybe my expectations were too high... the bottom line is my experience wasn't good.  To begin with I went on a Sunday in the early afternoon, I had luckily missed the brunch rush.  My Server although I'm sure she meant well seriously need to lay off the meth... she was all over the place!  Don't get me wrong she was trying her best to be accommodating but seriously, take a deep breath and just take my order.  Oh ya and try to get it right,  I know you have me all by myself at a table plus another two-top so maybe that's too much multitasking for you. Since i got there around 1:30 they had sold out of beignets... which sounded wonderful with fresh berries and marscapone, alas it wasn't meant to be. So at the Servers suggestion i tried the short stack and the Shrimp & Grits, actually the pancakes were pretty good.  Light, buttery texture with a couple of tasty strawberries for garnish.  But EAT fell short by providing a single serve maple syrup and only one individually wrapped pat of butter.  I would have asked for more but my space cadet server with the purple hair was nowhere to be found,  as I'm more than half way finished with my pancakes she stops by and mentions my breakfast burrito was on special) would be right up.  I mention that i had ordered the Shrimp & Grits, and here is where I should have just taken the burrito!  when the Shrimp & Grits arrived the first thing that stood out is that they were soupy not creamy.  the flavoring over all was unremarkable and the two slices of thick cut bacon was soggy and unappetizing after soaking in the soupy grits.  Maybe I'm too picky but bacon should be crisp! And if you leave it soaking in the grits it's gonna get chewy.  Maybe sprinkle chopped crispy bacon on top to finish off the dish.  The Iced tea was seriously the highlight of my meal, fresh with a hint of orange flavor, orange slice and mint sprig garnish.   So now time for the check... funny... I never saw one!  The space cadet comes by, sees I'm finished eating and a $100 bill sitting on the table and rightly assumes I'm ready for the check.  She asks if i would like to take home my nearly full bowl of "soup" to which I kindly reply, "No Thank You, just the check"   She grabs my plate and my cash and say she will be right back with change.  A different server appears with a check presenter and my change $74.50!  And no Check!  $25.50 for Brunch! Two pancakes, Shrimp & Grits and an Iced Tea!?!? That's a little pricey for downtown.  But who knows what the total was because I never saw the Check!  I simply placed her tip on the table and left.   Very disappointed....
5	We were looking around for a spot to have breakfast at Fremont street experience. Finally we've found the "eat." via yelp. Convinced from the positive reviews we wanted to give it a chance. It's not far from Fremont Street Experience and after a 5 min foot walk we arrived. The menu contains about 6 dishes for each: breakfast or lunch and the sides as well - imho a real proof of quality. I had the "Two eggs any style with bacon, toast and smashed potatoes". I must admit: the eggs were perfect! The Bacon was thick and crispy - in combination with the thick-cut roasted wheat toast and smashed potatoes a real culinary delight. The waiters we're really nice and friendly and anxious. I can recommend the "eat." as my favorite breakfast & brunch spot in Vegas. Next time I'm around I'll definitely stop by.
3	Now that I work downtown, I've had to come up with new lunch options, and those options are few and far between downtown. But I prefer to support local businesses, and I rarely want to deal with the hassles of a casino, especially at lunch, so I thought I'd give Eat a try.It doesn't look like much from the outside, and it's in a sketchy neighborhood, but inside it's filled to capacity with downtown hipsters. Seating was quite limited so I opted to sit at the lunch counter. Not a great choice because I spent my whole lunch impeding the flow of waitresses and listening to the expediter shout orders. I kept thinking I should lend a hand and plate some food or deep fry something.The food itself is good. I had the roast beef sandwich, potato salad and iced tea. The quality of the ingredients was above average, and they seem to take care with presentation and little added touches. But the price was what stopped me dead in my tracks. $16.50 plus tip for a sandwich, side and a drink. Ouch! I hadn't planned on spending $20 on lunch, and if I had, I would have gone someplace better. I gave them a fair try, but unless I get a raise or someone else is buying, I won't be back. I'll leave the $4 cup of coffee for the hipsters.
5	This place deserves more than 5 stars! I stopped here recently and the food was amazing. The owner said she's been open for only 105 days and I couldn't believe it. The place ran smoothly, was extremely clean, and the staff was super nice. I wish them much success. Whenever I'm back in Vegas I'll visit here!
5	Took my healthy paleo-eating friends from DC here while they were in town visiting. When I walked in and saw the cute, retro, rustic decor, I said, "looks like a place in downtown Phoenix." When they walked in, they said, "looks like a place in DC." Either way, I think that's a plus. Bonus point for being located in the most random old hotel/motel off 7th.The brunch menu is small, but good. We sampled the eggs benedict (I can't remember the name, but it was really good. Canadian bacon, spinach, etc...), beignets (yum! not for the paleos, of course!), and the biscuits and gravy. All were hits.Service was friendly and prompt and all the employees were happy to greet our toddler.The prices for food were reasonable (~$10 for a bfast entree), but I agree with Karlie that the drink prices were kinda high. I think my OJ was almost $5. I might take a star off for that, but I'd add it right back on because they had a guy singing and playing guitar in the corner. And he took requests.
3	Have you ever had a decent meal...not spectacular, not horrible, but decent....and then when you leave, you think, "Why did I just spend $30 on that?"  That's how Eat was for me.The restaurant itself is concrete floors and walls, so it was very cold in there.  I wore my jacket the entire time.  I ordered a coffee to warm up, but alas it was the bottom of the pump dispenser so it was lukewarm and watery, very weak.  I had to wait until the next pumper came out to warm it up...and the new batch was still pretty weak and watery tasting.But coffee isn't what sells a place, the food is.  My husband got the shrimp and grits.  It was good, the shrimp tasted very fresh, but at $12 (and 3 shrimp), it was a little steep.  I got the Huevos Motulenos which is eggs, red and green chili, and bananas (weird, I know, but I wanted to try it).  Again, it was good.  Just good.And when we paid our $30 tab, we both thought it wasn't worth that.I'd try this place again for lunch and a sandwich, but I'd pass on the brunch again.
5	Coffee is great. They roast it themselves!
4	We stopped by for brunch at around 11am on a Sunday. There was no line so we were seated right away by a very prompt hostess.The restaurant and its location are both interestingly quirky. The interior and ambience of the restaurant felt fun and inviting. It just feels like a cool place to go have a meal.The server was friendly and quick. There was a good variety of dishes to choose from. We ordered some coffees, beignets, oatmeal and some pancakes with sausage. The coffee was delicious. There wasn't a trace of bitterness in the coffee. The rest of the food was very good as well. It tasted fresh and well made.All in all a delightful place to have a meal. I would definitely go again to try out the other dishes.
5	Very good food, very fresh, healthy and great service these ladies are on to something. I'm from California and I will definitely come back when I'm in town.
4	Eat is a great breakfast spot off the Strip.  If we lived nearby, it would certainly be a place we'd frequently regularly and I really like the neighborhood feel of the place.  The exterior may not impress you.  It is housed on the first floor of an apartment complex, but they've done charming things to the insides.  Eat has a retro but modern feel and a dividing wall lush with greenery.  We started off with the Beignets, which are served with seasonal jam (here, strawberry) and a vanilla mascarpone.  The beignets themselves visibly oily and tough but the vanilla marscapone is wonderful.  The creamy texture and deep vanilla flavor matched really well with the strawberry jam. I'm a fan of Mexican breakfasts so I was drawn to the Juevos Montelunos.  Two over easy eggs lay atop a fried corn tortilla and an unexpected but delicious mixture of peas, fetas, and bananas with a yin/yang coverage of a salsa roja and salsa verde.  Roasted potatoes rounded everything off.  This dish isn't truly Mexican - peas? feta instead of cotija? bananas instead of plaintain? But oddly, it does work and it's filling for a vegetarian dish.  John's shrimp and grits with bacon was a stunner.  It was a generous portion with thick strips of bacon and plump shrimp.  The sauce on the plate was heavenly, with a spicy, savory kick and creamy grits.  He nursed a cup of the Colorado roasters coffee.  It's a breakfast and lunch only place so the mornings are lively.  They brought in a very talented guitar player, with his spin on contemporary songs and really excellent picking skills.
2	The noise at lunch here left the most distinctive impression on me so I guess the food was good.  I had the arugula salad and a less than flavorful iced tea.  Everyone else enjoyed their food but we all had to shout at each other in order to be heard.  The best part of my experience was leaving.  Come when it's quiet and you might enjoy it more.
3	Working in downtown Las Vegas, I was excited to try Eat. A restaraunt with quality food downtown that I don't have to walk through a casino to get through that isn't Le Thai (mad love) or Chicago Joe's (even madder love) or a bar? Yes, please!Today was finally the day. We arrived at 11:45 on a cold and windy Friday, and the place was already hopping. We were seated right away, and our drink orders were taken right away, as well. Hot tea on the table in 3 minutes? NICE! $4 for a cup of tea? WHAT? The place was crowded, and while we both liked the look of the space, it was so freaking noisy. We teased that it was like being at a night club, yelling at the table to one another. As we were there to also do some business - this was annoying. We looked over the menu and decided on our lunch. I really wanted the chicken pot pie, but was told it would be at least a 20 minute wait for that. Yeah. Not enough time for that nonsense, at all. I decided on the roast beef sandwich ($13? This better be good!) and a cup of the tomato soup instead of the potatoes. She said there would be a slight up charge. Cool. No problem. I'm thinking it would be - you know - an upcharge. Since I'm not getting the side that comes with it - just the soup. Nope. I didn't get the side, that I paid for, but I did get the cup of soup at the regular $4 price. Not happy. My lunch? $21. My friend ordered a diet coke and the Shrimp Po Boy with potato salad. His lunch? $19.The food took almost 20 minutes to come out. Um. I coulda got the pot pie.The roast beef sandwich was big, with a good portion of yummy, tender medium rare roast beef and super yummy pickled red onions. It really wasn't anything extraordinary though. And for $13, I kind of wanted extraordinary. The tomato soup was AMAZING, and I regretted not trying their grilled cheese sandwich that came with a cup of the stuff, which would have been more reasonably priced. Friend said his shrimp po boy was ok, too much vinegar, and he said the same about the potato salad. The service was a little bit on the slow side, but not bad. The bill came for the 2 of us, $40. For lunch. Downtown. It was just ok. $40 plus tip is too much money for just ok for lunch.
3	I wanted to like this place alot since I like these off beat hipster places. I was in Vegas with the wife to have a fun time and meet my mom and friend. The late night search for tomorrows breakfast lead me to yelp and yelp let me to "EAT".... I offered this up to my crew for vote and we were all in!So we arrive in this seedy little area in Vegas. Trestaurantunt is located underneath a old apartment building. Aside from the rest of the building the place is really nice. Its modern with black modern sign and concrete floors and lots cool kidkid type furniture etc. it has a buzz about it like its got a local following. Justeppingnbg in the door made me feel like we were experiencing a insider place locals are enjoying. I am up for that type thing.....I ordered the Posole, this is a great hangover meal! Just the smell was good enough to pull me in. It has all the favorites Mexicanxican Posole would have, hominy, pork, broth etc. It was good. Although it was served in a shallow bowl so I would have appreciated to have a little more.My wife ordered a wedge salad topped with huge shrimp. Her meal looked awesome. The shrimpCajuna cajun type seasoning that was spicy. It was good. the blue cheese dressing was excellent as well. My mom ordered a uneventful chicken pot wasn'tShe wasnt impressed, And I trust judgmentjudgement.Very difficulty to get a refill on my coffee. I had to approach the kitchen counter to get coffee.don'twice.I dont think I will go here again, but if I "end up here" I know what to avoid and I know to expect to get my own coffee.
5	Wow! Anytime I'm in Vegas, I will be making this one of my stops for sure. Open for breakfast and lunch, Eat is truly a hidden gem downtown. So hidden, in fact, you might drive right by and miss it. But that would be sad. Just sad. Came in for lunch and it was pretty crowded, but our party of two was able to get seated right away. The atmosphere is casual and fun. Servers were all great as was the food. I had the DWBLT and it was to die for. And if you like ginger ale, order theirs. It's the best in the world. They shake the bottle up for you and pour it into your glass. James Bond style.And there's real ginger in the bottom of that bottle! Just take a look!You can sit at the counter or a table. And even get a way cool black t shirt if interested. I meant to but forgot on my way out. And parking is pretty plentiful by meter all around the block. Some places just find a way to get everything right. This is one of them. So please don't miss this opportunity if you're in town (or better yet, live there). You won't be disappointed.
4	I've never had better pancakes, and I didn't even order the pancakes.I ordered the eggs benedict, and though filling, I wish there were more. It was delicious. Melt in your mouth, perfect proportion sauce to food ratio delicious. My friend shared with me the most delectable, delightful, fluffy but not too fluffy pancakes EVER. I thought I didn't like pancakes. Apparently other establishments have just served mediocrity. I can't wait to go back to try other foods! I wish it was open longer--waking up to trek downtown on Saturday or Sunday morning is not my forte, but it will definitely be worth it to make it happen. Also, super dope bonus points for it being woman of color owned! Yayyuhhh.
4	Great option for brunch/lunch in the downtown area!I first learned about Eat after taking a Downtown Project tour.  After hearing Natalie's story, I was sold on having to check out her restaurant!So our team (a group of 5) showed up around 1pm for lunch.  We weren't in the heat of the lunch rush, but there were no tables available, so we waited about 10 minutes for a table to open up for us.Everything on their menu looked great, and I was debating between the Grilled Cheese/Tomato Soup and Chicken Pot Pie.  I ended going for the Chicken Pot Pie, which was amazing!  The crust was flaky, and the filling wasn't too liquidy.  The portion was great, and even came with a large side salad.  I finished most of the pot pie because it was so good, but I felt a bit guilty after (but I guess that's why it's comfort food, right?)  I probably should have eaten more of my salad to balance out my meal...oh well...Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!
4	Good food. Good menu. Friendly helpful staff. The chicken pot pie with a fried egg on top was good. Better than average coffee. Clean place. Neighborhood seems a little rough if you're an old lady. But thats cool. It's very loud inside. So loud u can't hear the people sitting across from you. They need to add some soft surfaces to soak up some noise. Cement floors, ceilings, walls. Noise just bounces all over. Small complaint tho for a very good ,friendly restaurant.  Burt  recommends it .
4	Love this place!  But I do wish they had fresh juices with breakfast/ brunch and their lunch menu needs more variety for vegetarians.
5	I ate there couple of times already. Yes, the price I think should be adjusted a little. A bit much for just a sandwich. I don't think you shouldn't pay more than $10 for any type of sandwich. Unless there's truffle, Kobe beef or lobster in it.Anyways, I still love eat. I love the decor, and love the staff. But most of all I love their eggs Benidict. The flavor is so perfectly balanced and hollendaise sauce is made fresh. Eggs where cooked just right. Almost as good as mine. Hehe.I love the fact that they have music for Sunday brunch, it was a bit loud but the music was good so I didn't mind. My table was bobbing our heads and jamming out to good music and good food. Who doesn't love that?Service was great, kept our waters filled and coffees warm. Super friendly staff and fast services. Over all I give it 4.5!
5	You can see the Red High Heel from here...Started off with the Bin-Yays with vanilla marscapone. A MUST here!My breakfast partner had the Turkey Sausage w/eggs and chips. Topped off with some pico, it was spicy good. I had some steel cut oatmeal goodness with carmalized buttery apples and nuts with cream. YUM! Strong hot coffee with "eye candy staff and interior" will bring me back here again!
2	I had/have high hopes for this place.I was pleased to get the recommendation to come here, which got us away from the overstimulating nausea of the strip and get a little local flavor. The place has a very down home and uncomplicated industrial/ modern chic vibe set on the edge of redevelopment zone of downtown. First off, I was bummed that we had just missed breakfast (stops at 11) and was not that intrigued by the lunch menu. We were completely caught off guard that we had several different servers within a matter of minutes when the dining room wasn't that busy. Then there were a few snafu's in that my gf got the served wrong side dish and I a chicken Banh Mi when I ordered the Tofu. The food itself was uneven. The chips were a highlight. The Banh Mi was fine. Potato salad was too creamy. My gf's chicken (on the chicken sandwich) seemed boiled and lacked any real flavor. She rarely complains about food. I am hoping that there are some jitters that need to be settled with both staff and kitchen and that it will be here the next time I come. I would love to see it improve and thrive, but for now, it was really missing the mark.
5	EAT your heart out downtown! 5 Stars on my first visit because they are doin it and doin it and doin it well here.I went on a weekday at 12:30 for lunch. Place was packed and I'm thinking I will never get in. The hostess said the wait time was ten minutes and I still thought yeah right. She is just saying that so I don't leave. NOPE. I was seated in less than ten minutes. Awesome.Instantly I am greeted with menus and our drink order was taken. As a foodie I had only been studying the menu online for weeks now so now I play the game pretending to read the menu and waiting for my friend to decide. It was hard to decide because truthfully I wanted to try like five things. I settled on the grilled cheese and chips. GRUB: Grilled Cheese. Cheesy, buttery, crunchy heaven. It's on thick sourdough bread and served with a delicious, intense tomato soup. Dip that shit and find an instant happy place. Suddenly the restaurant didn't seem so noisy. The food was THAT good. My friend also enjoyed her grilled cheese just as much. We also ordered a side of homemade chips which were perfectly seasoned and crisp. Good stuff. On top of the killer food they also played some of my favorite music: The Killers, Xx, Vampire Weekend and Morrissey. I loved everything about this experience.The only negatives I could see people having would be that it is very busy and gets VERY loud. It would be the perfect spot to fire or breakup with someone. Parking sucks orangutan taint, too. Mostly metered parking around, but I did find a side street with no meters. I am not use to carrying change around. This isn't LA, fools.Overall I am in love with EAT. I feel like it was made just for me. I hope it succeeds and attracts more businesses just like it. More reason for all of us to kick it downtown.
3	Loved the grilled cheese with tomato soup! Also there chicken pot pie, which I thought was a little on the bland side but the crust was perfectly crispy yet flaky. Wait wasn't too bad--we did there close to 12 on a Friday. We did note a long wait later as we were leaving. Place was crowded and the you can barely hear yourself talk amongst the noise level. Pricey for what you get. May come back to try there breakfast selection, but too expensive of a place to dine often.
5	it rocked!!! Their version of a BLT was out if this world from the bread to the avacado oh my. a might messy to EAT but well worth the post eats hand scrubbing
5	We are visiting for a few days and heard the story of the owner of Eat - very inspirational! Came here for lunch yesterday and cannot say enough good things about the vegetarian tofu banh mi sandwich and their iced tea. Everything tastes fresh and carefully prepared. The wait was long for a large party of 6 but once seated, service was super friendly!
5	I honestly didn't think that scrambled eggs and white toast could taste this good. I will make it a point to eat here every time I come to Vegas, and encourage everyone I know to do the same.Came in for late breakfast on a sunday. Packed house, but we didn't wait too long. We had shrimp grits with eggs & bacon, and scrambled eggs with bacon & smashed potatoes. It was all wonderful. Even though the scrambled eggs had obviously been waiting too long under a heat lamp, they tasted so good that all was forgiven.Very, very loud - probably not the best spot for hangover breakfast.Really happy we found this place.
5	Great service Cool atmosphere Good foodCool Downtown spot !!
4	Just met Natalie. Like this place!The food was decent here but the service, decor and vibe made up for it pushing me to give it a 4 star. Natalie is the owner and she is awesome. Probably go back for her and the good tunes.
5	Great service!Great food!Chill environment!Went there today and i was so happy with it that i had to give them a great review for business! (this is my first ever review) I already called many friends about it saying that i have to take them here! I will Definitely be driving all the way across town just to eat here in the mornings more often!
5	The plan was to have lunch at Eat after visiting the Downtown Farmers Market. However the market did not take very long and we arrived at Eat before the lunch period starts, which is 11 AM. So it was breakfast. The diners seemed to be a mix of locals and tourists that ventured the 2 blocks east of the downtown hotels. We were seated immediately and ordered coffee. The coffee arrived after a short wait and upon arrival our server thanked us for our patience beause the coffee was being brewed fresh. It was worth the short wait. The menu is interesting and has many inviting choices. I decided on the Chilaquiles which was excellent. This may be a new breakfast item as I have not seen it reviewed. The plate starts wich a layer of corn tortilla chips, covered with melted cheese and red & green chiles topped with scrambled eggs, a jalapeno sausage and pico de gallo. Believe the menu as it says the dish is spicy. Just the right of heat in the sausage for my taste. This breakfast is a winner! My wife had an order of Beignets which she enjoyed very much. The dough is heavier than others such as Cafe Du Monde but still tasty.Looking forward to trying lunch. Finding parking on the street at a meter was not a problem probably since it was mid morning. There are several empty lots across the street, north and west that are under development.  A parking lot for this neighborhood  would be a plus.
5	When I check out a new spot twice in one week, you know something is up!  Love everything about this place.Location -eat. is located on the corner of Carson and 7th street.  There's plenty of meter parking and it is tucked just far enough away from LV Blvd to be easy access.  It wouldn't be downtown if there weren't a few questionable characters hanging around, but this place is an oasis.  Food -First time I split the DWBLT with homemade chips (and the really good pickle is aptly named) and the Argula Salad with added chicken breast.  Although the upcharge for the chicken was a little $$, I can assure you it is worth your money.  This salad was very nicely done.  Fresh argula, asparagus, roast almonds and roasted tomatoes.  Definitely unique. Loved both, but I prefer a lighter lunch (although judging by some of my frequent lunch hangouts, you may be calling me a liar) so may not order the DWBLT again.  That sourdough bread is seriously delicious and seriously heavy.   Second trip, I had the Banh Mi Chicken sandwich.  This thing was freaking awesome!  I just love jalapeno coleslaw especially when you throw some radishes in the mix!  Chips again because they are just that good.  I also stole a bite of the grilled cheese sandwich dipped in tomato soup.  Yum!Service -Both trips, service has been great.  The servers are hipster enough to prove you are downtown, but not so hipster they forget how to smile.  Love the open kitchen, the entire decor and just the vibe of this place.  It really is something special and further proof that downtown is worth revitalizing and worth a visit for lunch.
4	We came here for lunch since we missed breakfast :/ The food and service was pretty good! We ordered the grilled cheese and the free range pot pie - both were excellent! I would give this place a 5 stars if there was more variety on the menu and it was so loud inside that it was hard to carry a conversation. Other than that, great spot! Definitely give it a try - I would like to come back for breakfast!
4	It's exactly what we did when we got to this hip brunch joint. Eat!I love the name of this place. I'm surprised that it hasn't been used yet!My visit was on a Saturday late morning. Very hip downtown vibe, great for couples or friends to meet up for brunch after a late night.Their menu focuses on supporting local farmers, making things in-house, and keeping it healthy. There are many unique items that are served here, Mediterranean egg white frittata, truffle egg sandwich, and shrimp & grits, which I'm always curious about. For lunch, what stood out was green chile chicken posole, salads, a Killer grilled cheese sandwich, even banh mi sandwiches! For dessert, shaved iced coffee. Interesting!Our breakfast:Steel-Cut Oats Cinnamon with roasted apples, cream and sugared pecansBeignets with jam and vanilla-scented mascarponeGolden-Brown Pancakes with chicken-apple sausageHow's the food? It tasted fresh and homemade. The pancakes were the star of this meal. AMAZING! Light, fluffy, and a little buttery crisp on the outside. My boyfriend and son shared the chicken-apple sausage and they loved it. We've had better oatmeal at other places and the beignets didn't have a light airy texture as I was hoping for. Service was friendly and efficient. They don't have booths, which we always try to grab to corner in my toddler and their tables were a bit small for the three of us. When we asked if we can use the next table to adjoin to ours, our server said sure, even though I know, being a server previously, that it meant she won't get that table seated. We felt bad and made sure we left a bigger tip to make up for it. I do wish they had a more convenient location and a slightly bigger menu. More pancake selections, for sure! That being said, EAT definitely intrigues me to return for more visits when I'm in the area.
2	It's certainly nice that Tony H is helping to bring new business downtown and I made a point to support the restaurant he helped support. I took a client for lunch and was really anticipating a wonderful experience.  The food was fine, as it should be, but the noise level was excruciating. We had to yell throughout the entire lunch, as did the hostess when she called our name to be seated.  With concrete floors and very little fabric the decibel level is just too high.  Don't go if you plan on having any conversation during your meal. Otherwise, the restaurant is a nice addition to downtown.  Also, pricey for lunch. $40 for lunch for two.
5	Best coffee and BLT ! A little noisy
2	This is a great lunch spot for those who work downtown.  The service was quick and friendly and the food was average priced.I got a grilled chicken salad.  It was delicious.I just updated my review and changed it from four stars to two stars after eating there again.  I think this place is over-hyped.  My chicken ceasar salad was eh.  It tasted very fishy and the rubbery chicken skin flaked off into the salad.  I paid $14 for a salad and an iced tea.
5	Brunch -Sunday Morning -no wait-live music and GREAT FOOD !!! If you stay downtown-Fremont Street it is easy to get to- lots of street parking.. but we had a great walk just about a block or so away from Fremont EastI ordered the PANCAKES-super light and the best part-REAL MAPLE SYRUP.. and not in some mystery container either- your own little jar! Sausage and a couple eggs I added on the side-Coffee is great-no after taste-very balanced and refilled often!My other dining companions got- the Grilled cheese w. tomato basil soup-the soup was excellent-little bit of a spicy taste which was great- the bread on the cheese sandwich was super thick but looked very yummy!!The whole place looked very CLEAN- servers were very friendly up beat and the tables were very comfortable size wise.. not too small and not too big... I can't wait to go back for Breakfast in Vegas- off the strip-HIP and Good EATS !!
5	An oasis of great taste in a sea of ordinary food.Foodies - you can call this place home.
4	If you have ever had a good chicken fried steak then run to 'eat.' for breakfast.  It is  stunning.  All the dishes the table ordered were full flavored and wonderful.  Lisa was taken aback when the waiter said, "she's not going to do that" to a light preparation request for her dish.Our server was earnest but not professional.  Not a complaint or disappointment but I mention it only because it slows down the meal which increases your chances of  standing in line waiting for a table.So to recap,  if you like your food full flavored search out 'eat' and that would be 4 stars.  If you're a "gravy on the side with dry toast" sort of person don't waist* your time and that would be 1 star.  I'm a lard ass and will be back soon.Mike*It is a pun.
5	Country fried steak is awesome. Bacon is awesome. The sourdough toast was awesome.... i need a thesaurus ...
5	Go there! You will love it! Only been open a few months and it was packed at 10am on a Tuesday!
4	We had a party of 9 visitors except for my niece who lives in Vegas. We had both vaguely heard of some place downtown that had good breakfast.  Searched out EAT. We were not let down!  The staff was friendly and pitched in to handle our casual group of mostly boomers.  I admit my memory is not that good so I'll mention only a couple of items.  One of the guys had the chicken-fried steak and he loved it!  Enough for two if you are a light eater. I had the golden pancakes and I WANT the recipe!  My only disappointment was the chicken sausage.  Please stick with pork sausage or bacon.  Others seemed to really enjoy their dishes.  The food quality is tops. Two things kept me from making this five stars: the coffee had a strange taste and the place is noisy, due to the polished concrete floors and minimalist decor.  But all-in-all I will definitely go back.  We love downtown Vegas and are happy to see progress every time we visit.  Don't forget to EAT!
4	I don't think the hosts are pulling their weight here. On a busy day they have no idea how long it might take to get a table, if its busy be prepared to wait a while. The food is great. The service was great but its so loud.The menu looks good, we missed breakfast twice and we had to settle for lunch. The breakfast menu looks to be about as good as it gets in Vegas and for the price its just right. The menu is nothing out of the ordinary on the surface but the details are filled with love. I got a the roast beef with with blue cheese. The details are the  wild mushrooms, pickled red onions and arugula, It was perfect. I wish I had also had the BLT with avocado, it looked so good, were going to have to go back.  The atmosphere is deafening at best, the music is so loud I couldn't hear anyone at my table talking to me.I saw some one rating the chicken pot pie, it looked amazing.
5	Simply Fantastic! We asked our waiter to recommend two dishes for us to share, he suggested the Beignets and the Huevos Motulenos. The Biegnets was amazing, they came with a Mascarpon spread that put them over the top. The Huevos Motulenos, was something I did not want to order as it combined bananas and peas, really. However, I must say it was probably one of the best things I ate all weekend. The red sauce was super spicy, the green sauce was not and the random bite of banana provide the perfect touch of sweet. We will eat at EAT every time we are in Vegas.
4	My friend and I stopped by this place for brunch on a Sunday. I had heard very good things about this place, so I had to try it! I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and we shared a side of pancakes. We had intended to order the beignets, but they were out. I was disappointed until I tried the pancakes. They were the best I have ever had! They were slightly crispy but soft in the middle. I still crave these pancakes and I'm sad that I'm now across the country from them. I highly recommend them. The Shrimp and Grits were very good as well. The jumbo shrimp were seasoned well, and the grits were just perfect. The servings are a good size and the coffee was delicious. I love their big coffee mugs, because I do love my coffee. Our server was great! She was attentive, friendly and always there when we needed her.This is a place that I plan on visiting again, when I'm in Vegas.
5	The food is amazing! The service was great! We'll come back every time were in town
5	Great breakfast. I had the chicken friend steak and it was great, homemade comfort food. Everything was fresh and tasty. We didn't order the beignets, but regretted that decision when seeing them go to another table.If you're staying in a downtown hotel, you owe it to yourself to skip the coffee shop one morning and take the short walk to "eat."
3	We finally tried eat this past weekend and I'm sorry to say that I don't think the experience matched my expectations.We came for brunch, and the brunch menu is different from the breakfast menu online so the truffled egg sandwich I wanted to order wasn't actually on the menu. :( Instead, I had beignets, which were just ok. They were moist and doughy, not the light fluffy texture I associate with beignets. There was a box of Cafe du Monde beignet mix sitting on a shelf in the kitchen so I guess maybe they use that? But the texture was unlike the real thing and not even like the ones I've made with the same mix at home. They were served with a really tasty jam that greatly improved the flavor, though.I also found the coffee to be a bit weak, which is normally not something I would not even bother to mention, but I think it's important for a breakfast/brunch spot to have great coffee.My husband had a chicken-fried steak which I did not sample. I did try all of the accompaniments, though, and the potatoes, eggs and especially the toast were all pretty delicious. Maybe savory food is the way to go here!Our waitress was pleasant if a bit scattered and we did get seated right away despite it being basically peak breakfast time. I am willing to give eat another shot- I hear that a dog-friendly patio is in the works so since we live, like, ridiculously close, we will be back, pug in tow, for weekday breakfast or maybe lunch when that opens up.
5	Girlfriend and I loved this little place downtown. We ended up having lunch here twice while visiting Vegas.Both times we had a short wait for a table at lunch. eat seems to be very popular. It is an open space inside so it can be a bit loud when full, but not bad.My favorite was the chicken bahn mi. Girlfriend's favorite was the shrimp po-boy. We also tried the DWBLT and the chicken pot pie, as well as the tomato soup and green chile chicken posole. All were fresh and delicious. Service was quick and helpful.This place is a winner.
4	Believe the reviews, the food coming out of the kitchen is top notch. Sour dough bread, best I've had anywhere.  The wait staff is friendly and efficient. I would give it 5 but it gets loud, the interior echoes sound, but that's most places, that seems to be consistently overlooked in most restaurants. Just one of my pet peeves, don't let it stop u from going here. U won't be disappointed if u do.
5	Stopped here for a break from the road trip and yelp, you rock, and so does EAT! It has a deceptively small menu, but the food's flavors are fresh, exciting and mind blowing. This is anything but one-note food. Rock on!
3	got there by 11:30 to avoid the anticipated lunch crowd.  the place was half full so i expected to be seated immediately.  my companion and i were offered seats at the "community table" which we declined.  we were then told we would be put on a wait list because it is policy not to seat 2 people at 4 tops.  fair enough but there were at least 2 other 2 tops available.  when i pointed that out the hostess told me she had just sat people in that server's section and she didn't want to over fill the section.  perhaps a better solution would have been to seat us and explain the situation.  once we were seated we were given menus which included breakfast items.  based on this, and the fact that they are only open until 3, i expected that breakfast was available all day.  wrong.  i ended up ordering the chicken sandwich with house made chips.  it was excellent.  the chicken was perfectly cooked and garnished with fresh veggies, melted mozzarella and a well balanced pesto mayo.  the cibatta bread was chewy, buttery and absolutely fresh.  truly one of the better sandwiches i've ever eaten. even the pickle was excellent.  the chips were equally good.  i half expected them to be like the nasty chips most average places serve.  they're not.  obviously they slice them in house, cook them perfectly and season them with good salt and maybe a little parm. my only other quibble is that the server tried to take my plate before i was finished.  looking forward to getting there a little earlier next time so i can try the breakfast.have been a couple of times since my initial visit.  it's still good but I can see things starting to slip.  the owner better be careful or this place could fall to very mediocre fast.
5	Chef Nat is amazing, and her food combinations are new and delicious! I love this place!
5	I am back to only going to places like this. Chef owned and the chef is there not a place they just put their name on.    Now I was amazed right from the beginning the vibe this place has is perfect the wait staff professional and the food just perfect. The Chef Natalie Young has found the perfect place for her food and has done a great job putting it all together. Can't wait for the outside seating. I had the Chicken Fried steak with potatoes,eggs and toast and everything down to the toast was perfect. She puts her love into this place and the food and it shows.
5	I love Eat. Been there 3 times and it never disappoints. I'm a big fan of breakfast and am very picky about where I go. Eat is at the top of my list (along with Bagel Cafe) in Vegas. Chef Nat is terrific: welcoming and hands on when she needs to be.
5	Holy crap! I'm not usually a fan of the downtown Las Vegas scene, but I heard so many good things about this place, I just couldn't stay away. One of my best friends was in town this weekend and we decided to meet up for breakfast here. Parking is ample, but be sure to bring coins with you since it's all metered. The hostess has lots of change if you do need to break a larger bill, though. The wait wasn't long and 5 minutes after putting our name in we were seated and perusing the menu. The menu is succinct, but despite how small it is I was torn on what to order. It all looked so amazing, I couldn't decide. It didn't help to look around the room at others either because they only succeeded in proving that it was all great. I settled on the shrimp and grits while my friend got the eggs benedict. The guys next to us ordered the chicken fried steak and I know it must have been amazing since they devoured them in silence with content looks on their faces. I was so excited for our meals to come. I don't typically dig the hipster vibe, but this place really had a warm and welcoming feeling to it. I loved the decor and hospitality and especially enjoyed the live music quite a bit as well. On to the food. Absolutely amazing. I savored every bite and so did my egg benedict-eating friend. We enjoyed every last bite and I was also quite a fan of the freshly brewed passion fruit tea. Once we were done with our meals, we couldn't resist continuing to watch all the great things coming from the kitchen, despite how full we were. I cannot wait to come back again really soon. The prices are great for the quality of food.
5	What a great addition to downtown Las Vegas!  While one can always grab lunch or breakfast in any of the casinos along Fremont Street, there's nothing hip, upbeat with an amazing menu & great service like EAT of downtown Las Vegas.  After being born and raised in larger metropolitan cities, my favorite dining places are always the ones that are the hole in the wall locations where they are the true gems, best kept secrets and where you normally can only find them via word of mouth. EAT is one of those places. It's located on a corner building, simple, intimate setting yet with the hip, vibe and groovy culture of downtown.For breakfast, try the Truffle Egg Sandwich, Mediterranean Egg White Fritatta and I'd say the BEST (made to order) Beignets west of New Orleans' Cafe Du Monde original.  Yummm!!!This place has HEART in everything from the menu, environment & of course the service!
5	Of all the new places I tried (9!) during my nearly 3 week jury duty stint, eat is the one that has stayed on my brain the most.  At least once a day since I visited there I've envisioned that wonderful chicken banh mi.   You've already seen my rating so you should know that this is not an unpleasant thought whatsoever.   As a matter of fact I wish I could get some sort of chip implanted in my head that would push out anything negative that entered my mindspace and replace it with the deliciousness that is this sandwich.  This is an idea I'm fairly certain I can convince at least Mark Cuban of on Shark Tank.  When I went to eat. to eat. (ha!), I was not surprised to see it jam packed full of people.  That was one of the more disheartening things about downtown in general: it seems that most of the really good places to eat like eat. require a short wait to be seated or require social interaction to a level I'm generally not comfortable with.  Thankfully I tended to venture out to lunch on my own and its much easier to get a table or seat when you're by yourself than otherwise.  If there was ever a case to be made for not having any friends whatsoever, it's that you can get a chicken banh mi sandwich from eat. approximately 10 minutes faster than if you bring a friend.  I got seated at the bar relatively quickly after I arrived, and after perusing the menu I decided pretty quickly on the chicken banh mi because it sounded good combined with the fact I didn't think it'd offend my lactose intolerant sensibilities.There's not much more I can add to what's probably already been said about the chicken banh mi, and allow me to steal another members perfect picture of it http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/dPrha-ksEnqLVmTFMc5vsQ/l.jpg.   The flavors popped, and each and every component of it was welcomed into my mouth.   One thing I'll say is that it's not denoted with two asterisks on the menu which is code for "spicy", but the slaw on it did contain jalapenos and I actually found myself drinking quite a bit of their wonderful iced tea to counter this.   I LOVE spicy food and still thought it had quite a kick, so something to consider.  Service was extremely fast and efficient, and my iced tea never came close to being empty.  Price was extremely reasonable for what I considered to be an excellent meal.Bonus: On my walk from the courthouse to eat. (which turned out longer than I expected), I got to see a screaming match between a pedestrian and a driver which provided me a few minutes of voyeuristic entertainment.  It's the little things in life.
4	Great spot! We go here for brunch all the time. Service can be slow and forgetful at times, but the food is always solid. The live music can be too loud, but it is still definitely the best brunch place downtown. The beignets and pancakes are always great.
5	The decor is adorable. The five of us got right in at 11:30 on a Saturday. The waitresses are attentive. One of us is allergic to gluten, and the waitress was really nice about checking on the potatoes for us. Highly recommended!
5	Delicious chicken sandwich. Wife loved the arugula chicken salad. Great staff and atmosphere for a 2 year old. Get more than 1 high chair though!
4	Best Pancakes I have ever had....I could eat their pancakes without any syrup....it just melted in my mouth, and I would go back here (before 11AM) just for the pancakes.The place reminds me of CowFish (in Charlotte, NC), so the atmosphere is pretty cool.  It is in a strange location in terms of the area, but do not be fooled, it is very nice on the inside.Never had a chance to get lunch here, but I see no need for that, as I have already found their superstar menu item.
4	I've been here twice and gotten the free range chicken sandwich with their homemade chips. The food is amazing and the ambience is really cool. The last time I was there, there was a live band and it was a lot of fun. The only downside I  see is that they are only open for breakfast and lunch.
4	After three tries, decided it was time for the review. Overall, very positive experience, I dig the place and wish them well.Atmosphere: at 7th and Carson, the location may turn some off or make it tough to find, but it's really not too far off the beaten path.  Although you may be pretty close to the other tables, the walls are all window so it gives a more open appearance.  The tables may be close for comfort for some, but I'm fine with it.   BONUS: Sunday brunch had an excellent jazz band.  I suspect it may be a bit loud if right next to them, but from the back it was fine.Food: This is a modern southern style of food.  I've been for breakfast twice and brunch. I work far away so I can't comment on lunch.  We've had the Beignets: Maybe a bit doughy, but the jams and mascarpone are great.  Their verson of benedict was nice.  My favourite is the oft mentioned Shrimp and Grits.  The shrimp is delicate and mixes surprisigly well with the butter/bacon egg combo.    In an entire bit of constructive criticism, I do hope that the menu changes a little bit for the seasons, ans the somewhat heavier food served here may not be too appetizing in the summer.I have to mention the pancakes,, not a fan of pancakes, but these were excellent.  Just enough crisp without burn, no doughiness and tasty enough without the syrup.Service: Everyone s prety positive. You can see there is some occasionall hecticness when the kitchen gets slammed, but doesn't generally show.  One can tell a good camarederie from the staff.  I'm not personally a fan of service by committee so there are occasional miscommunications, but they are very well staffed so generally you are taken care of.Bravo, definitely a nice treat when I get to stay in and hang around my downtown for breakfast.  Looking forward to lunch sometime.
4	Great experience. Had a BLT the size of my head. Friendly staff. Quietly tucked away on 7th & Carson, so not easily found, but worth the search :-)
5	Place is amazing. No better breakfast/brunch in town-- the Huevos Motulenos were out of this world. Good coffee, great service, and awesome space right in the heart of downtown. I hope they expand to offer dinner at some point! Give it a try.
5	I was in town for a little vacation from LA. I wanted to venture off the strip to the up and coming hipster businesses in Tony Hsieh's downtown. I found out about this place from Yelp and trusted that this would be a great foodie experience. The food was A++++! I would return if I lived in Vegas. The area around the place is hella sketch, but the restaurant itself is nice and hip. Now, let's get back to the food. I was disappointed that I didn't come early enough for brunch, however, lunch was fantastic. Me and my tablemates had the chicken pot pie, grilled cheese sandwich, and shrimp po boy. Service was good as our server did his best to get the weak coffee remade for better coffee. I'm excited to see what downtown has to offer when I visit Vegas again.
4	I would have given it 5-Stars if it were in a better location - you know, where you're not quite so worried about your car being molested.  At any rate, the food was fantastic.  One of the best benedict arrangements I've ever had.  My wife seriously enjoyed the pancakes, eggs and bacon.  The menu had a nice variety of items and based on our observations of other tables (and their reactions) it is all really good.  They have done a very nice job a rehabilitating the facility (built into the first floor of a functioning apartment building) and it's all clean and tasteful.  The staff was very attentive and the coffee was outstanding.  I'm sure we'll make it down there (from Henderson) at least once a month for breakfast.
5	On a recent trip to Las Vegas we were lucky enough to have found this place on yelp,and we have craved it ever since! We came for breakfast but were a little too late so my wife had a grilled cheese and I had pozole both dishes were outstanding and made us completely forget our craving for breakfast. The staff, from the hostess to the waiter made us feel like we were old friends and there enthusiasm and pride in their jobs was refreshing! I don't think I could go to Vegas again without returning!
5	To wake up just to have breakfast is not my style.  To drive downtown is not my style either.  To pay for parking???  Heck no!!!  I'd much rather have an apple and sit in front of the TV or drive to work.  I must have been possessed when I decided to come to eat.  There was construction going on too.  It's a small place so I can imagine the line later during the day or weekend.I ordered a truffled egg sandwich.  My friend wanted eggs benedict but they only serve it during the weekend so she opted for the Mediterranean egg white frittata.Truffled Egg Sandwich:Scrambled eggs with mushrooms, feta cheese, 2 strips of bacon and chives with a side of smashed potatoes. The bread was crispy...I would normally skip half of the bread but it was good that I had to eat the whole thing.  The saltiness from the bacon, the creamy mild tartness  from the feta, the earthiness of the mushrooms and chives with fluffy scrambled eggs...I. could. not. stop. eating. 5/5Mediterranean Egg White Frittata:I normally prefer egg whites and have nothing to do with egg yolks.  This is my idea of a perfect breakfast minus the olives since I'm allergic to them. It has spinach, tomato, sprouts, feta cheese with an English muffin.  My friend was lucky it had olives, otherwise, I would have been all over this too. 5/5The service was great.  The chef/owner was there.  Each breakfast plate is about $11.  My advice is to bring coins for the parking meter.To enjoy good food is my style.
5	Not much of a whole in the wall but more of an urban hot spot. I don't know about most people, but coming downtown for breakfast takes a lot in me. My girlfriend and I really wanted to try out this place as it has been on our Instagram newsfeeds for the last month or so. I couldn't take the heckling I received via social media and thus forced myself into the oblivion... and shawty was I not disappointed. As a "Yelper" I'm going to do my best to not throw around the holy "5 Stars" unless it is deserved. This place deserved it. Location wise, it isn't the most convenient but good food is always worth the the drive and in this case, area wise, worth the risk. I may be over exaggerating but it isn't the nicest part of town, but I'll be honest and say I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. I assume you usually would have to pay for parking as there are meters everywhere, coming here on a Sunday we so graciously avoided that. So firstly, come on a Sunday. We walk in and you just feel the vibe. It's like, "who cares that you're here just eat!" kinda vibe. The wait was minimal at least and the spot is decently sized for a downtown restaurant. We were sat down and greeted almost immediately. The service was on point, one of those places that you're kind of taken back by how friendly everyone is. The food. Ah yes the food. We both ordered some generous cups of coffee to get us started, good coffee can make a place. We decided to try their beignets, which were accompanied by a side of this berry-concoction jam and this sweet frosting butter mix, if you will. I've had beignets before, I lived in New Orleans for a little and was spoiled by the Cafe du Monde's of the gulf. These were delicious. A fresh take on a French classic, well worth it. My girlfriend ordered the Chicken Fried Steak which was delicious and was sided with some grilled potatoes and onions. I ordered the Downtown Benedict which had turkey bacon and fresh as can be spinach and tomatoes accompanied with just the right amount of hollandaise on top. Mine was sided with those scrumptious potatoes and onions as well. The portions were extremely generous for the price, I was stuffed. The food was amazing and I can't complain about anything. The vibe was great there, the music playing ahead was perfect. From John Mayer to Israel Kamakawiwo'ole soothing our ears. But before we could get to attached, a local artist named Sabrielle (someone please message me if they can correct me on this or where I can purchase her music) performed live. Her voice was amazing and kind of sold it for us. Apparently she's there every other Sunday so if you're lucky enough, she's gonna be famous one day. All in all, go eat at eat. It's a great place to go and I'd recommend this to anyone. You won't be disappointed.
5	The food was divine! Beignets with vanilla marscapone, shrimp and grits and huevos motulenos made for a memorable meal. Was worth the trip, the parking hassle and the minimal wait. Service was great. I loved the vibe and atmosphere. Had the pleasure of meeting the owner on our way out, which added charm to the overall experience. I will be back!
4	I saw this place featured in a spread in Sunset magazine and that's when I began looking for good ole Yelp reviews to confirm Sunset's accolades. Turns out Yelpers love this place, and why wouldn't they? The location is off the beaten path, just in the outskirts of Fremont street situated on the corner of an obscure corner of LV.  We walked to the restaurant from the Golden Nugget and we were second guessing our sense of direction. However, when we saw a line and more people heading toward the corner we knew we had reached our destination.  The wait was a litttttle on the ridiculous side. But, we were finally seated and the waiter was really nice and friendly. Everything we ordered was delicious. The first round of coffee was blegh, but they redeemed themselves on the second round.Don't expect to get your mimosa fix at the restaurant though, no alcohol served.
3	I wanted to give this place 5 stars but the service prevented me.   First got placed next to bathrooms which is a pet peeve asked for a different table but was told we couldn't use the 4 top. .  Then waiter messed up my order and didn't bring all of my husband's order at the same time and food was Luke warm . Waiter seemed more interested in the large table of girls than servicing his customers.    Drink prices are extremely high for nothing fancy.  May give eat another try but as pancakes are outstanding but if service is bad than eat has lost me as a customer.
4	Yay for birthday lunches!  Today a bunch of us came to Eat to celebrate my birthday.  I was excited because I've heard some amazing things about this place.  The one thing that I loved about this place was the fresh, bistro type atmosphere.  You walk in and you're taken to a very upscale and trendy, yet casual bistro.  I love the simple decor and color scheme.  The servers were really nice.  They would come by and strike up genuine conversations.  There was a situation where the server was a little irritated when we wanted to pay with more than 3 credit cards (it says it on the menu).  As a former server, I can see why they've made that rule, however, you should not let your customers see your irritation if an exception needs to be made.For lunch, I got the roast beef sandwich for $13.  This sandwich has blue cheese, wild mushrooms, pickled red onions, arugula & mayo on ciabatta bread.  The next time I get this sandwich (and there will be a next time), I will get it without the pickled red onions.  It was just too tangy and had a strong vinegar taste.  I appreciate the dynamic of the sandwich, however, it was a little too overpowering in my opinion.  The ciabatta was brushed with butter and grilled.  Nice touch!  For my side, I decided to get the potato salad....and the chips.  Yes, I had to get both.  First, the homemade chips are AH-MAZE-ING.  Sprinkled with a great seasoning, the chips were on point and super crispy.  The potato salad is just your average salad.  Small chunks of potatoes.  All in all, I'm such a fan of this place!  I love the fact that this place is part of the downtown revitalization and I can tell this will be a thriving business downtown, which makes me super excited to return.  Get your butt down there and try it out!
2	Have gone 4 times since it opened and each time I kick myself for going back.  Is it beyond their ability to make one change to their already limited menu to make it more interesting.  FYI.  Roast beef should be rare not "poop" brown. And if a customer does not want tomato soup with the grilled cheese is it so difficult to substitute a side salad.  God forbid you put something slightly healthy on menu.  In short bad menu bad service no clue about how to make good food or provide hospitality.
1	SO SO SO Disappointed. I am usually one who writes positive reviews, because being that I am a business owner, I like to praise others for what they do right..rather than only the wrong. WELL today I was SO upset that I vowed to write a review because any place who treats their guests this lousy is not getting my business. My bf and I came in around 10:30 am.. the hostess informed us that the wait was about 20 min. COOL. then she said oh wait, are you two OK with the bar top? That is open now.. we said sure. She said ok, Ill get it cleaned and you can go over. We misunderstood and walked over to the bar top only to be confronted by the server who basically asked who sent us, and we were escorted back to the hostess where this waitress whispered to the hostess in front of us. SORRY didn't know it was that BIG of a deal. Then we waited an additional 30 minutes while we literally watched the waitress and hostess clean off all the tables... SO the restaurant was practically clear and clean and un-seated while we and MANY others waited in the waiting room. It was just ridiculous. Why would you wait to seat people who have been waiting, and clean the whole place up. Mind you the bar top had already been cleared and was clean and we were still waiting waiting waiting. WE LEFT and I cannot tell you how upset I am still. Drove over 25 min to get there for that RUDE and horrible customer service. Hope they clear that strategy up asap.
5	eat. projects an almost unbearable hipster vibe. Complete with a manual typewriter in the waiting area.It also has the best darn pancakes I've ever had!Perhaps there is some hipster drug i "probably haven't heard of" lacing the Golden Brown Pancakes, but wow. They were incredible. Fluffy and light, but also with a nice crispy Golden Brown texture that is making me hungry for them even now.We arrived at a strange time between Breakfast and Lunch so parking wasn't a problem. I can certainly see how it could be though considering it's mostly pay street parking, and it doesn't appear to be in the best part of Downtown Las Vegas.I certainly hope to stop in at least one more time before we leave Vegas this time, and plan to make it a must-stop for future trips!
5	Came here with a couple of friends on my first trip to the U.S, and boy was I impressed. It's a smallish place, very friendly and seems to be popular with the locals. The staff were welcoming and chatty, the drinks and food delivered very quickly, and they even helped me translate the menu (for me an egg is an egg, I didn't know I could actually choose how it was presented :) )The food was simply fantastic. The fried chicken in gravy with over easy eggs, and a stack of pancakes to share with my friends.. The presentation was beautiful, the food perfect, and the drinks plentiful.There was live music playing by Sabriel, a fantastic group I've now followed on Facebook, and was really great atmosphere.Prices very reasonable, and worth every penny. I'd bring friends here in a heartbeat. I hope to come for brunch again soon
5	Believe the hype.FOOD: The SHRIMP AND GRITS were outstanding. Perfectly cooked shrimp resting in a bed of (cheesy?) grit goodness. The grits are soft and compliment the tender shrimp and eggs. I knew there was a slice of bacon at the bottom of the bowl and I considered asking for my bacon on the side. Yes, I have no shame. But I forgot and I'm so glad I did. The soft thick bacon added texture and salt to the lovely dish.What was the seasoning on the grits? I am embarrassed to say that I didn't slow down enough to think about it. I tried to savor the meal, but ended up demolishing everything on my plate in record time. I wish I could say that I'll try a number of other dishes during future visits. But I won't. I have fallen in love (maybe deep like) and have very little desire to explore the rest of the (intriguing) menu.  If you are unsure about the commitment to quality in this place, keep an eye out for the owner. I saw her wave and chat with a few tables and then go right back to the business of keeping on eye on service and food. In the short time I was there, I saw her giving instruction to a waiter struggling (or so it seemed) with a larger table, checking the hollandaise sauce, and preparing a few plates.SERVICE: The service was excellent. The host didn't give us an accurate (on any level) wait time, but he was warm. Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  That's all I need. VIBE: Earthy, eclectic hipster with an edgeEXCUSES: You've already read about the negatives--it can be loud, the meter situation is a hassle, and there will be a wait. But the food is worth it. The city could start construction on Carson and I'd just wear comfy shoes and walk a ways to get to those shrimp and grits. If this is where the Vegas food scene is headed (quality ingredients, playful offerings, delicious food, good customer service, community atmosphere), I am excited to support the businesses leading the charge. I'll be back to eat.
5	We took a cab from LVH to downtown Las Vegas to check out "eat - the breakfast & lunch joint". A few of our friends had checked it out the day before. It has a relaxed industrial vibe. I particularly like the light fixtures. But the overall feel of the place is cool without pretentiousness. We had a chance to eat at the bar which looks into the kitchen. From this vantage you could see the chefs hard at work creating great food. On our visit Chef Natalie was sitting at a table doing admin work near the bar, but even though she worked on these paperwork duties, every dish still went out with her keeping a watchful eye on quality. She would occasionally banter back and forth with the chefs and comment about how they garnished the meal. The waitstaff was professional and friendly and checked on our needs throughout our meal without being obtrusive. As for the food, I got the Huevos Motulenos - two eggs over easy with red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta and sauteed bananas on corn tortilla. And Rachel got the Mediterranean Egg White Frittata - Spinach, tomatoes, Kalamata olives, feta and micro-basil with whole wheat Toast. We were both very happy with our orders. I liked the sweet and spiciness of my dish and I thought the peas added a great texture and flavor. I would definitely order it again. Rachel really liked how the spinach inside of the frittata was cooked so that it still had texture. The feta on top of the frittata was flavorful, and the olives had a good brininess but didn't over power the dish. She thought each bite had a good combination of flavor and it didn't need any extra seasoning.Our meal including fresh ground coffee was about $24 (not including tip). Considering the breakfasts and lunches we had at LVH, we thought the price was comparable if not cheaper and the food was a billion times better at eat. Even with the extra we paid for the cab ride, to us, it was worth the trip to get amazing food.Eat has only been open for about 7 months and I hope that they have continued success. We only get to Las Vegas about once a year and I really hope to get a chance to check out the rest of their menu. We would eat every breakfast and lunch here each time we come to Vegas.
3	Eat is definitely a solid addition to downtown and everything "new and hip" that's happening in what use to be a crackhead filled area. I love what the chef/owner decided to do with this spot. You never would expect the beautiful attire and fresh herbs through out the restaurant considering it's below some hood apartments. The bright orange chairs, open (small) kitchen, and calligraphy on the walls make you feel like you stepped into a Cali spot. I was bummed that during the week it's breakfast or lunch depending on when you arrive. I had my heart set on the spicy egg dish and the beignets. I will return for this indeed. Our lunch was decent. Average. Nothing bad but nothing spectacular. My favorite part was the fresh avocado on my BLTA, and the in house chips they make. My bf's tomato soup and grilled cheese was good, but didn't stand out. Also I understand the whole "local, fresh" thing, but nix the organic lemonade. It was gross. Needed sugar. Blah. Overall I wasn't impressed nor disappointed. The prices were hi. For a whole in the wall on Carson, $12 a sandwich and $4 a lemonade is rough. Ill return in hopes that the breakfast is above average, and because I got love for the mom & pop joints. Not to mention I loved seeing the chef so involved. This was the type of place I want to like, so I am looking forward to round 2.
5	I work downtown and the choices for a delicious lunch are extremely limited. I went for lunch today and it was amazing! I ordered the Free Range Chicken Fresh mozzarella, tomato, greens and pesto mayo on ciabatta with house-made chips, a friend ordered the DWBLT Smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado with chipotle mayo on toasted sourdough, and our other friend ordered the Killer Grilled Cheese Aged cheddar on sourdough with kick-ass tomato soup - the menu online says salad, but it was a nice big bowl of tomato soup. We purposely ordered different items so that we could try them all.  They were all delicious, fresh, and made with quality ingredients. The house-made chips are a must, they are crispy, with some kind of parmesan, chive, garlic seasoning, delish!!! My favorite was the DWBLT, it is huge!! and the sourdough bread is toasted just right! The grill cheese and tomato soup was also great! The bowl of soup is large, the meal itself is very filling. Good portions for the price. My chicken sandwich was also very good, I wish the ciabatta bread was toasted a bit more, but that is just my personal preference, the bread was fresh. I couldn't really taste the pesto mayo, it could of used a bit more. Overall the food was awesome! A great find in this new downtown! It is a small restaurant, a bit loud, but the ambiance and decor makes it so hip! There is a cute long bar height table in the middle for a larger party. There is also a very nice looking courtyard for outdoor seating! I can't wait to go back for their breakfast. Overall, our experience was great, there was a bit of a wait for our server to approach our table and take our orders, our food did take sometime.. but I guess that's what happens when you eat at place that makes it all fresh! We walked there from my office - I do see how parking could be a bit of a hassle.. Just bring coins for the meters or park and walk a few blocks away! Don't let the construction across the street or the surronding buildings fool you, this is a must if you are looking for a place to eat downtown!! Wish they would deliver!!
4	The wife and I have gone to "eat" a few times now... Food's great, ambience is Portlandesque, and service is solid. Nice place to take visitors to Vegas on Sunday mornings. We went by this last weekend and they had live music which was a little loud for our taste, but they were accommodating by letting us sit outside which was awesome. Advice: The Benedict with a short stack on the side should be ordered with regularity.
5	Was an amazing breakfast and great service- awesome little hidden gem- had the country fried steak and want seconds!
5	Perfect spot downtown for breakfast or lunch!  We enjoyed the beignets and then the shrimp and grits!  Amazing food incredible service!  Hip and beautiful space!  I can't wait to go back and try more!
4	What a great place to eat in downtown Vegas.  We decided to avoid having the breakfast buffet at our hotel and decided to put Yelp to the test and found this little gem.  Mind you it's in an area of downtown that is going through revitalization so do not let that stop you from eating here.Staff was pleasant, food yummy BUT the portions are deceiving so SHARE! We got crazy and ordered the beignets (Smear them with the yummy mascaprone they serve on the side) and breakfast plates for each of us. UGH , too much and I was so glad that we were walking back to the hotel.
3	When I heard this place has beignets, I was completely sold. I have been craving beignets for so long, you'd think there would be more places that serve them! Anyway, I came here on a Friday morning and parking was not difficult to find. It was just street parking so bring quarters for the meter. The place wasn't too busy, there were plenty of open tables, but we still waited close to 10 min. Food wise, we had to get the beignets to start. When they came, they were smaller than expected. They're also denser than I like, but still quite good. They reminded me of a sugar doughnut hole. The best part of them was the seasonal jam and vanilla scented mascarpone as the dipping sauces. I put so much of those on, it was like eating the dipping sauces with a side of beignet. For the rest of the meal, the 2 others joining me had the Two Eggs any style with the smashed potatoes, while I tried the Chilaquiles. The Two Eggs any style was nothing to write home about. It was exactly as described, two eggs any style, a slice of bacon, bread, and some potatoes. The "smashed potatoes" were just cubed potatoes with some seasoning, which was a bit lacking. We all thought it was overpriced since nothing was particularly outstanding. My Chilaquiles was pretty tasty, it was essentially scrambled eggs with tomatoes and peppers over tortilla chips, a sort of breakfast nachos. But the chicken sausage that was sitting on top was a bit too sweet for the dish, it just stood out too much. The staff was fairly friendly, however the one waitress that brought our check was not exactly rude, but she had some attitude when holding the check out for us. She didn't say anything, but from her body language, she looked annoyed at us for no reason. Overall, this place was alright. It's a decent breakfast spot but I don't think there's much here to actually crave.
4	A few friends and I took a quick trip to Vegas and stayed at the Golden Nugget.  We found this place on Yelp and after reading some great reviews, decided to try it out the morning we were heading out of town.  What a great spot!  Its hip, has a great vibe, awesome decor (super simple, a little industrial, very clean) and very friendly staff. Service was prompt and the food arrived quickly. I ordered the egg white frittata which was super light, fluffy, full of delicious spinach, basil, and just the right amount of feta and kalamata olives.  My friends ordered the shrimp and grits which were heavenly and the Huevos Motulenos which was hearty and delicious with a red sauce reminiscent of mole.  Prices are very reasonable and the high quality of the ingredients is evident.  I wish this place existed in Seattle. I'll definitely visit eat the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	After a couple of visits, I figured it was time to writ ea review. Both visits have come on weekends, where the menu is slightly different. The second visit was on a Sunday, when you don't have to dig for quarters to feed the meter.I've now had the beignets, pancakes, Downtown Benedict (only available on the weekends) and Huevos Motulenos. All of the food has been outstanding. In fact, if I was rating this place just on the food, it probably would have been a five-star rating. The servers were competent, but nothing special. In fact, my coffee cup sat empty for long stretches on both visits. My real issue comes down to the lack of an overall "WOW" that I'd expect from a Downtown Project-invested business. First, when ordering today we were informed of a new policy that forbids substitutions on the weekend. Something as simple as swapping the sausage out for bacon or asking for eggs over medium instead of eggs over easy. The server even said he didn't want to submit it because he didn't want any more demerits. Second, when we went to pay, there was a note in folio that "when they are slammed" they only accept one credit card when checks are being split. Both of these policies will be enough to stop the casual diner from returning. Substitutions are a reality in the restaurant business and splitting checks among multiple credit cards is also commonplace. Finally, we did not receive a "warm fuzzy" from Chef Nat. She was there on both of my visits and, even though she wasn't working in the kitchen, never stopped by our table. In fact, on my most recent visit looked downright unpleasant until my wife said "have a nice day." Ultimately, the key to a great restaurant is great food and great service. They definitely have the food down. The service just needs to catch up.
4	I really enjoyed this downtown eatery.  We arrived fairly early on a sunday and did not have to wait too long for a table.  Seems to get pretty busy during the late morning and lunch hours.  It was surprisingly nice considering it was below some ghetto apartments.  Also, there was live music that day.  The shrimp and grits is a must!
4	The huevos motulenos are not your typical huevos rancheros brunch dish!  I couldn't stomach sauteed sweet bananas mixed in with peas and feta cheese, but once I removed the banana, the dish was delicious!   Very down-to-earth crowd and vibe, a good respite from the glitz of The Strip.
5	Found this with the help and reviews on Yelp. Our lunch was delicious. I had the chicken sandwich and my husband had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The soup was excellent. The sandwich was good but I liked my chicken sandwich more. Great service. We will definitely go back next time we are in Vegas! The only thing I would like to suggest is that you work on your regular coffee. The decaf was good, but my husband's regular was very weak and he couldn't drink it.
4	I love me some gourmet breakfast and this place delivers the goods. We found this place thanks to yelp, not on the strip and way downtown.  We were lucky to come on a weekday, we were seated right away.  We started with the beignets, fluffy goodness.  My husband went with the chicken fried steak and I was lucky to find huevos motulenos on the menu.  Almost as good as the ones in Mexico if only it had plantains and not regular bananas.  The coffee was also very good, served pipping hot.  We will be back again, the place is a welcomed change from buffets and casino cafes.
5	Had brunch with the husband here and was very happy. I got the Chicken Fried Steak and he went with the Truffled Egg Sandwich. Both were very good, but I did prefer his choice over mine (just a bit). As far as price, you get what you pay for, because the portions are big. My husband described the meal perfectly. "Hearty, but not greasy or too heavy."The staff was great. Attentive, friendly, overall good service. The place is cute, bright and small, which I liked. Felt more intimate, like a neighborhood eatery should feel. We live right down the street from here so I can say we'll be stopping in again.
2	The food was not all that.  The customer service was just okay. Don't get what all the rave is about??
5	I was looking for a new restaurant off the strip on my last day in Vegas. It was Sunday noon and was craving for a hearty breakfast..eggs and pancakes to be honest. I know there's plenty to eat at the strip but as I was checking out reviews on Yelp, this place had great reviews and it was located near Freemont area. Parked the car (plenty of street parking), walked in, buzzing place, seated right away, and was hypnotized by the food that was coming out of the kitchen. Communal table, 4 tops that were decently spaced from each other, a terrace seating area...love the gastro pub look. I had to sit by the open kitchen cause I enjoy watching food prep...it reminded me of GiGi's in Miami :) 1st ordered the Golden Brown Pancakes w/ chicken-apple sausage and pure maple syrup. These were probably the best pancakes I've ever had. Thick, fluffy, huge, the sides were little toasted for crunch...YUM!  2nd course, Downtown Benedict - poached eggs, turkey bacon, spinach, tomato & herb hollandaise, whole wheat English muffin...FRESH! (See My Pics) Make sure to check out the "Specials" not listed on the menu and the gigantic sandwiches. Wish I had one more day in Vegas so I could try other dishes cause I was drooling on each plate that came out of the kitchen :)
5	My family are locals so they found this little gem .... its packed allll the time it is a awesome spot,  the waiters are edgy and nice, they have live music sometimes i got the pancakes and sausage they were good and they serve REAL maple syrup holla..u can see the kitchen so u know everything is clean and u can see what they're doing back there would def go back and its a must try
4	I love the small local businesses downtown and farm to table food. Eat has a great menu for lunch and breakfast. The only thing that kills me is I always manage to arrive at 11 am, just missing breakfast. The turnover from breakfast to lunch can take up to half an hour. The wait is too long if you only have a short lunch break. Just serve the entire menu all the way through. Then again the kitchen may not be appropriate to accomadate that many options. Anyways aside from that, pleasant staff and great food. Cool vibe too.Eat at Eat!!
5	Love this place..great place for breakfast
4	Stopped by eat on a Tuesday late in the afternoon, about 1:45.  The place was about half full, but most of that was a large group that pushed together 3 tables in the middle of the place.  It's not huge, but has a patio which seemed nice, although I ate inside the restaurant.  Service was very quick.  I had the shrimp po boy.  I'll say, I was excited to try the chicken fried steak.  I had heard great things and was the reason I went.  But, they stop serving breakfast at 11:00 or so.  So, that was a disappointment.  I was fortunate, because the po boy was excellent.  The ciabatta was maybe the softest version of this roll I've ever eaten.  Despite this, it held up to the toppings.  It wasn't overflowing with shrimp, but you got shrimp in about 85% of the bites.  The veggies were crisp and fresh, and the sauce was spicy.  They should bottle it, it added so much.  The homemade potato chips were good, but nothing to write home about.Overall, very cool atmosphere.  Friendly people and a great lunch.  I'll have to get downtown earlier to try the CFS for breakfast...
4	Eat is a relatively new restaurant in the downtown area, I asked several local / hotel types for info and no one I had asked had heard of it, strange. On to the food, I ordered  the bacon and eggs , it was very tasty and the freshly sliced wheat bread was thick and delicious , no problems at all with quality of food, however the prices seemed a bit high for what you get, (in the 14 dollar range) which I thought was several dollars over priced compared to what other breakfast stops in the area offer, also the 8 am opening time seemed like mid day for several east coast diners waiting for open along with me. Enjoy Vegas - Stay in the Sunlight"
4	Let's Eat!Stopped into Eat after running the Bubble Run with my wife and her cousin and family. Being that this was a Saturday morning the place was already busy and the runners added even more to the crowd. We had about a half hour wait but didn't mind. Once all seven of us were seated our orders were taken quickly. My wife and I ordered three entrees between the two of us. What can I say, we wanted to try it all. We ordered the Eggs Benedict, Country Fried Steak, and Huevos Motulenos. Everything was extremely tasty. Eggs Benedict was good, The Chicken Fried Steak was pretty good, the highlight being the potatoes, and the Huevos Motulenos was amazing. The Chile sauce on top was excellent. It had to be homemade with that rich smokey flavor. I haven't had peas and bananas go so good together since I was weened off of Gerber. Just a really great combo of sweet, savory, and spicy mixed in with egg yolk. Yum!One star deduction because our server was slightly less than pleasant, perhaps from the business, but that shouldn't be a factor especially when business equates to more tips. Anyway, good fun meal. I wish nothing but future success to Natalie Young and crew.
4	My boyfriend surprised me with a visit to Eat today. I though the atmosphere was really cute and chic. The service was prompt and friendly. Everyone dining there seemed to be in good spirits. I was a little disappointed in the fact that breakfast was over. Ok, I understand that it was already 1pm but breakfast all day should be the way to go. I was torn between the salad selection and the free range chicken sandwich. My Boyfriend ordered the BLT. When the food arrived we each shared a half. The BLT was the far better sandwich, although I thought the bread was a little over buttered. The free range ciabatta was bland tasting in comparison, not to mention the soggy ciabatta. Which really disappointed me because I was longing for that crisp addicting crunch factor. I will be back to try the breakfast.
2	I was expecting a lot, from reading previous reviews.  The noise factor was very off-putting.  As we entered, about noon, the music was booming. There is nothing soft around to absorb sound, so don't expect to have a conversation.  The music did tone down after a bit...but not because they lowered it.  Everyone who does talk has to raise his voice to be heard, so the sound escalates as the restaurant fills.  I had to put in the earplugs I always have with me.  My chicken pot pie used puff pastry underneath and on top of the filling.  The filling was okay; I didn't detect a lot of chicken in it, but it wasn't all sauce like some--mostly veggies I think.  The bottom crust couldn't be crispy, and the top crust wasn't either--so I just ate arouond the edges.  The chicken sandwich was ordinary, and the potato salad tasted more like the packaged salad in a regular market.  The one I make myself is much better.  It's unlikely we will return.  Breakfast is enticing, but ends at 11 am.
3	I had high hopes for eat. based on all the reviews I had read of their breakfast, but they were sadly dashed one by one throughout the course of my meal. The hopes were mostly kind of silly (looking for a live DJ! Wanting to drink a mimosa!), but some of them were just basics of eating out (having a server who didn't treat me like serving me was the last thing they wish they were doing, bringing maple syrup with pancakes) and those were kind of a big deal.I know that sometimes I like to order odd things. In the case of eat. I ordered a pancakes based "meal" and a side of grits. I asked to switch bacon for sausage. I don't know if that's considered a big deal in some areas, but I've never thought it to be a huge thing in the past. Then my husband ordered. Then the waitress said to our table, "guys orders are always so much easier than girls." Wha??? I think she was just talking smack about me to my face and to our whole table because I asked to switch sausage for bacon? That alone would have been enough to make me feel uneasy with my meal, but the rest of the meal kind of went along the same route - taking a long time for refills of coffee or water, not bringing any syrup with pancakes and not checking in on us for long enough we had to flag someone else down who did bring us the syrup so I could eat my lukewarm meal.Anyway, the pancakes were actually really, really good. The other food was average. But, none of it was worth feeling like I was a hassle for trying to eat breakfast there.
5	Service is so great here. Food was also excellent, had the Eggs Benedict and my friend had the chicken sandwich. I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I've been hearing about this place and was excited for a new breakfast place that also sources local, supports local artist and is on the pulse of the growth of downtown. It's already sounding like my kind of place with a strong ethos for community and quality.The banner says, "eat.  A breakfast and lunch place." was actually a breakfast THEN lunch place. Wish I knew before  going down there that they do not serve both together. Weekdays breakfast is stopped at 11am, then lunch until 3pm. Weekends is brunch until 2pm.  We order up the killer grilled cheese since that was sounding good to the BF. The tomato soup it came with was really good. It was a bit cheesy and creamy and like there was chunks of tomato in it, not just puree, which I prefer. The grilled cheese was just OK, though I generally will enjoy thick buttery toast. Nothing mindblowing.I couldn't decide between the shrimp po boy or the pot pie and chose the chicken pot pie since it sounded good to the BF. I blackjacked on the wrong one. The flavor was decent, but as I got to the bottom there was soggy crust that absorbed all of the sauce from the filling and made the filling thicker than pot pies normally are. The top was crunchy enough and it would have been better if they just did the top and skipped the bottom crust as it won't crisp right in a thick and shallow ramekin. The egg on top was over medium-hard and had a bit crisp burnt edges and wished it was yolky good. The salad it came with was very light and fresh though. Very fresh mixed greens, shredded carrot, sprouts, tomatoes. As much as I wanted to love the food here, soup and salad shouldn't have been the best part and nothing impressed my socks off.Also, I thought for $4 for ice tea, it would taste better or be unique passionfruit. It was standard tropical ice tea flavor, but it had that oversteeped taste so I didn't really clamor for refills.Service was on the cusp of adequate. It was odd how quiet our server was. I asked for something and he just made the slightest of nods and walked away to another table which left me a bit thinking if he was gonna get it or not. He did end up bringing me some hot sauce. He just put the check on the table, no acknowledgement or asked if there was anything else, while we were eating or checking to see if we want our ice tea topped. He wasn't mean, but I guess wasn't friendly either. Seeing their website talking about the importance of people, you'd think this would be the warmest just-like-home service spot. I see that the hype and the love is for breakfast or weekend only items. If stuff like the shrimp and grits, the huevos montulenos and eggs benedict (weekends only) gets people talking this place up, then have that magic stuff available always!  I don't get why the switch in menus considering this place is open only until 3pm weekdays. Vegas is a nightlife industry so you would think they would try to catch as much local support as possible and have breakfast for swing shift and graveyard, not just the AM folks who work at the government buildings in downtown. The menus are small that combining it would be 20 items. It's not impossible to make breakfast items as well as salads and sandwiches of the lunch menu. I get simplifying to make it easy to prepare, but then I would expect it to just KILL that execution and flavor when you're making a pot pie special, 5 sandwiches and plating already cooked soup and mixing salads. With small menus you would expect a jes ne sais quoi with everything you order. If they were to have breakfast items all day, I would maybe give it a chance again before heading into work. I'm so so sad I had to rant instead of rave of this place. I started this review as a 3star, but it felt more suited to a 2star by the end of it. I haven't been this disappointed in a long while. This much talked about breakfast will have to elude us then. I just don't see us making the effort to wake up outside of our sleep pattern to be here early for a place that left us with doubt.
5	Incredible food, enjoyable vibe, pleasant staff, timely service. Loved the art. Loved the seating. Loved it all. My eggs were cooked perfectly. Go.
4	First time visiting this restaurant and I was very impressed with "almost everything." I ordered their lobster eggs benedict with avocado, spinach, and asparagus. My other family members ordered their flubby pancakes, and another order of the beautiful banana foster french toast. Quality in ingredients all the way, and it was obvious as soon as you read the menu. The ambiance makes you feel as if you have been transported to Portland, OR. I enjoyed it very much! My only complaint was the temperature of my eggs benedict; because of the lobster and avocado, it cooled the eggs and it tasted as if they were coming directly fromt the refrigerator. Temperature control needs to be applied to their food before bringing it to the table. Overall, I will definitely go back and even send friends right over. It's about time we had restaurants like these in Las Vegas, and not your average food franchises that are found all over the nation. Thank you Eat for bringing ambiance and quality to Las Vegas!!
4	We walked over from the Golden Nugget, it was 1/2 mile away.Nice walk down a dilapidated part of Vegas. But once we reached EAT it was all worth it. I had some tasty breakfast. 1.)**Huevos Motulenos Two eggs over easy with red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta and sauteed bananas on corn tortilla2.)Made-to-Order Beignets Seasonal jam and vanilla-scented mascarpone3.)Chicken Fried Steak Two eggs (any style), country gravy, smashed potatoes and toast4.)Golden-Brown Pancakes Chicken-apple sausage and pure maple syrupAll the guys seemed happy and full when we left. I like EAT and will be back next time I visit Vegas.
5	It all started when a friend made the mistake of inviting me to eat. in early March. I ordered the chicken pot pie and immediately fell in love. The pie was covered with a golden brown, flakey phyllo dough crust and then topped with an egg...AN EGG I tell you. So simple yet I never thought of that for a pot pie. While I thought the filling could use a little more salt, the pie overall was outstanding. That lead to a few more visits and a lot less time in my own kitchen. I can't stop talking about this place. If you're contemplating eating here, just stop. Head over to eat. and enjoy a great meal.
5	Local Vegas friends took us to eat. Literally. It's fun to say that! Our friends had visited eat a few times before us but had never been there when they had the Truffled Egg Sandwich available on the menu. We hit the jackpot when we found out that they were serving the delicious sandwich on our visit. It was truly the highlight of our visit, which 3 out of 4 of us ordered. Simply delicious and a perfect match of ingredients. We also ordered beignets with strawberries to dine on before our breakfast arrived, and they were scrumptious. There is a bit of a hipster vibe to the place, but non-hipsters shouldn't feel like they'll be snubbed on their visit. I forsee eat being one of those places that we try to visit during subsequent visits to Vegas.
4	Every dish here is great. I love trying the specials, they're always different and tasty from Chef Natalie's reinterpretation of comfort foods. The staff is nice, even when they're busy. The coffee could be better.  My only complain is that it's so darn loud in there. The acoustic is awful there for some reason. Maybe once the patio open it'll provide a quieter forum to sit.
1	The food is great, but their service is terrible. I've gotten less than accommodating service the two times that I've been here. This time on a Monday morning we arrive 15 minutes before breakfast ends, they say we have to wait 15 minutes to be seated for lunch to start, and mind you there are plenty of tables. They only took about 7 min to seat us, but they werent serving breakfast anymore. I came for some breakfast food, not an expensive sandwich. And breakfast is supposedly served from 7-11. Not 7-10:45.And a side note, they should open the darn patio seating. It's completely shaded and there's still another month or so before it gets too hot out.
5	The food is very fresh and the energy is always cool. Great atmosphere
5	Came at lunch after hearing great things from friends. So happy to get a cute restaurant downtown in LV! Ordered the chicken pot pie- ( they apparently only make 12 a day, so I was glad I got there early) It was sensational! The pie crust was out of this world .. all in all delicious.  Wished they had desserts- they should definitely add as i am sure they would be fantastic! Owner stopped by and chatted with us - everyone was very friendly. Great original place to eat in Vegas :)
4	Went here for lunch and was blown away by their sandwiches. I must admit while roaming the area looking for the restaurant, the neighborhood had a "character" that almost made me turn around. I mean I like your average barefoot, toothless, bearded guy as much as the next gal, but maybe not joining me to grab a bite.My friends tenacity prevailed and we found eat, once inside we were glad we had stayed on course. The ambiance is great! Think modern, casual, and fun. Service was prompt and knowledgable. We ordered the posole soup to share as a starter. It was great, the broth was flavorful and it came with all the traditional garnishes and was chock full of yummy hominy. For lunch he had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and I had the arugula salad. The salad was meh, but I ordered wrong. If you come here you MUST get a sandwich! Let me repeat MUST.  The grilled bread is insane, like you take a moment before you devour because it is so perfect. Get any sandwich, any, and you will be happy.Needless to say, I'll be back, and order like a pro.
5	After reading some of these negative reviews my mind was blown. "Hipster aloofness"? Really? I've eaten there at least 10 ten times since it's been open and I have yet to have a bad meal or service. And I've also rarely seen a chef/owner spend as much time at their establishment as Chef Natalie does. If you want breakfast then get your lazy ass out bed and get there before 11. The pancakes with real maple syrup are a revelation. The grilled cheese and tomato soup as well. What I refer to as a basic breakfast is also top notch. Perfectly cooked eggs, thick bacon, homemade potatoes and really delicious, fresh bread for the toast. The chicken fried steak is a masterpiece. I took my friend there and he and the chilaquiles and his reaction was thus "Dude, that might have been the best breakfast dish I've ever had," EAT is the ish and I would recommend it to anyone.
3	I was working downtown when Eat opened its doors, and it's still one of my go-to places whenever I'm looking for a place to eat. If I could give it another half-star I probably would, but there are a few things that I have to consider:Pros: awesome coffee in the mornings, nice atmosphere and decor, great homemade chips, delicious grilled-cheese sandwich, and a freaking amazing tofu banh mi (seriously...that was one of my favorite things there).Cons: the "spicy" posole was disappointingly bland to my palette (perhaps an off-day?), the breakfast dish with the tortilla chips (name of which is escaping me and apparently the website is down so I can't check) was tasty but ultimately muddled in flavor.Probably the most frustrating thing (and the one that still sticks in my craw) was the day I grabbed a salad to go. I got the spinach salad with aspragus and almonds, and decided to add some shrimp. I saw that the shrimp add-on was kind of spendy (~$4), and ultimately the salad cost me $18. When I got to the office I was disappointed to find a tiny salad and three tiny shrimp. That's more than $1/shrimp! So yeah...ultimately, I like the food, I have my favorites, but I can't round up to 4 stars just yet. When I start working downtown again that may change (and I'll definitely go back), but being away from the area has taken the shine off my initial experiences.
3	Very interesting and bacon-centric menu. I had the beignets and my gf the 2 egg omelet. The the homemade jam and vanilla marscapone that came with the beignets were excellent. The outer bite and inner fluffiness was just right, but the flavor a little off. The eggs were cooked really nice and creamy, the potatoes nicely caramelized and the bacon crispy. She liked a lot. But thought it was weird that everything had the same seasoning.We sat. At the bar so we could get a seat without wait and see them cook. I don't eat meat, so this is always fun to see how vegetarian-friendly a place is. Eat does not claim to be and they are not. The beignets were cooked with the chicken-fried chicken. That's where the off-flavor came from. Who cooks sweet and savory together? We watched as potatoes and pancakes were cooked in the bacon grease, making those not vegetarian options. It was also weird that the chicken-fried chicken was pre-cooked. They pull a Saran wrapped cooked cutlet from the fridge and drop in in the oil to twice-cook it. Maybe that's their thing, but people loved it. We also watched as almost everything sent out got a got couple shakes of some salt seasoning. I tried a taste of the eggs and the seasoning was good, just my gf didn't think it needed to be on everything.Overall, good for meat-eaters, bad for veg. Even if it looks veg on the menu.
4	Cool place live music kinda got that hipster vibe, whatever the hell those are.
1	Been there numerous times & always made excuses for their poor customer service. Today was the absolutely last time, after speaking with the own & being told I had the option to take my business elsewhere. I'm local & I'll take my business elsewhere from now on. It's not just about having good food if your attitude tastes like crap. Good luck with your establishment.
3	A product of the downtown renaissance, eat almost has it all: deliciously creative menu, trendy decor, a patio, and a vibe. Yes, that cool downtown vibe that legitimizes its shady location under what appears to be a low-rent apartment complex. The food is consistently great and served in gargantuan portions. The BLT puts most sandwiches anywhere to shame-I don't know why so many other places skimp on the bacon in a BLT, but eat does not and it's damn good bacon. I always choose the potato salad over the chips when offered because honestly, it's perfect. The potatoes are cooked just right and the salad isn't drowning in mayo because it doesn't need to. All of the right flavors are there! The menu is small, a little pricey, but absolutely solid.My biggest ding on this place is the service. Only once have I had friendly, attentive service and that was the first time I visited, shortly after it opened. Since then, service has ranged from neglectful to seemingly annoyed. I sat at the bar once for lunch because I was by myself and didn't want to take up an entire table during rush hour. The employee behind the counter didn't seem happy to see me and practically threw a menu at me when I sat down. Um....I'm sorry for sitting here? She never checked on me and my drink sat empty for a while before *another* employee asked me if I wanted a refill. By that time I was so enraged, I declined and asked for my check which was of course brought out with much quickness and the assumption that a tip was owed. This place will continue to succeed and grow because it's trendy, has the right backers, and doesn't really need to rely on good, hell, decent customer service to maintain its legitimacy. Because lunch options in my area are so incredibly limited, I'll probably be back and continue to manage my expectations about the laughably poor service.
5	Being in Vegas and not wanting to eat at the Casino when we got in, I had bookmarked Eat after reading all the great reviews from LV Elite Yelpers and had to check this place out. Well I was truly glad that I got our group to let me choose the Saturday breakfast. (They actually had no choice I was driving)Eat is roughly about a 5 minute drive from the California Hotel making it really convenient. Waiting only 10 minutes after we arrived at 9:00am we were seated in this nice trendy hipster place in downtown. The sound level was a little loud with the music and people chatting but it didn't deter us from enjoying the food and decor at Eat. Some of the items we ordered:*Beignets http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=FfSeubYzwJBP9R_YfkUcvQ#FfSeubYzwJBP9R_YfkUcvQ Great item to share, jam and mascarpone made this dish yums.*Eggs Benedict with turkey bacon and spinach: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=--TpWg7-6ctPuUbpzYUGvg#--TpWg7-6ctPuUbpzYUGvg  I swear the hollandaise sauce must be one of the best I ever had! *Pancakes with chicken apple sausage: My friend took one bite and busted out a huge smile. I got to sample the pancakes, melt in your mouth and a slight crunch on the edges of the pancakes made this dish a must.*Eggs with smoked bacon and smashed potatoes: Smoked bacon was that standout of this dish.*Outside seating available*Street Parking*Friendly Service*Eat is a must for breakfast when staying in Downtown*
4	My sister and I had lunch here 5/24/13, it was very good.  I had the Chicken Posole and side salad. The soup was absolutely the best tasting soup I've ever had - ever! My sister had the Tomato & Grilled Cheese combo - these were good also.  It was pretty loud in there, at times hard to hold a conversation.  Some people say good for kids, but I disagree, seating was close together and no softness to keep the noise levels down.Wait staff was great and helpful.  The location is off, but the food is worth it for sure! I will be back next time I'm in town, hoping to make it for breakfast!!
4	Great little place! Ive been here twice already for lunch.  Simple tasty menu with great service.  Either try to go early or after the lunch rush.  I would say the downfall of coming here is the parking. Bring quarters!
4	Hit up Eat on a Tuesday morning after Punk Rock Bowling and it's a well deserved 4 stars - wish I could have given them 5 but they pulled a boner in my book.Really nice looking place - modern/industrial look.  Solid breakfast menu with American and Mexican items - everything was around the $8 - $12 range.  My brother got the chicken friend steak and I ordered the chilaquiles. The food came out quick and it was excellent.Now, I have to start off with the fact that if you're looking for traditional chilaquiles you're going to be disappointing, luckily the menu was pretty clear what I'd be getting so I knew what to expect.  A few things that you could call non-traditional -  they used cheddar cheese (not cotija or fresca), they poured the salsa on the chips, the chips aren't cooked in the salsa, and finally they topped it off with a big old turkey sausage! So you're probably thinking why I'd give 4 stars to this abomination???  Because it was delicious and it filled me up - what more can you ask for?  The chips were good and held up on their own, even without the salsa.  The salsa was delicious!  Spicy but not too hot - just enough to help with the mild hangover.  The eggs were nice and fluffy and they served a good amount of them.  The Sausage was a little on the sweet side, but still really good.I tried a little bit of my brothers chicken fried steak.  The breading was nice and thick and tasted amazing.  The steak was a really thick cut - none of that thin milanesa type steak.  The home fries were top notch - nice and crispy on the outside and light on the inside.Oh & the coffee was excellent as well.So what was the boner move?  They brought the check about 5 minutes after the food hit the table - I hate that...  I don't care if they say "no rush" I still hate it.  Other then that the service was good, they checked on us a couple of times, coffee cup never went empty.I'll definitely be back next time I'm in downtown for breakfast.
3	I finally was able to try "eat." and I was excited given the location and ambiance.  The menu isn't huge but it does have whatever you may be seeking for breakfast or lunch.  As for the location it's nice to have a place to walk into without venturing into a casino and with a nice open air setting and even a patio for when it's not so hot outside.  I had a basic breakfast of bacon, eggs, potatoes, and toast with coffee.  I just love a simple breakfast and the eggs tasted great but the bacon was too crisp and the potatoes seemed dry and this may have something to do with it being a heated up plate, sure I got a warning but I don't really see this as a great sign to begin a meal.  The hostess was nice and the greeting from the waiter was prompt but after that it seemed to fall off as I was served without given any condiments until I flagged someone and asked for them, and I never got a refill on my coffee.  I really did want to like this place and I would be willing to give it a try again but today just didn't seem to live up to the hype of what I've heard.
4	WOW, the shrimp & grits were amazing! The ambience was also creative & the decorations were on point. This place made me happy in so many ways. To see a place like this in my hometown finally pop up reminded me that despite whatever difficulties the city's going through, new things are happening all the time. The only thing stopping me from five stars was my waitress. She was a bit snarky, and as much as I loved this place, hindered my experience.
5	Service was excellent.  The food was fresh and tasty.  Very reasonable prices.  We will likely be visiting again on this 4 day vacation as they change up the menu on the weekends!  Highly recommended!
4	We stumbled upon Eat while waiting for our Neon Museum tour and took a chance with its very nondescript exterior.  The decor and ambience inside were a pleasant surprise.  The food was very good.  We had the herbed eggs benedict, the eggs, bacon and grits and the waffles.  I would definitely order the benedict again.The only negative thing was that our waiter was not so friendly or even prompt.  The hostess ended up rescuing us with taking our drink order before he even stopped by.  Someone else brought our food and I cannot recall him ever speaking to us.  I realize anyone can have a bad day and overall it was a good experience.  We will be back.
5	I had read an article about the Downtown Project and eat. was a most intriguing part of the read.  Chef Natalie Young spoke about her vision regarding bringing downtown Las Vegas back to life.On a recent trip, we ventured from the casino to find eat.  It was exactly what I wanted!  Excellent food, premiere service and superb conversation with the staff.We ordered the beignets to start.  Do yourself a favor and order them, they are sweet pillows from heaven with jam and vanilla marscarpone...seriously, just do it!I ordered the huevos motulenos and my husband had the chicken fried steak.  The portions are large and you will not leave hungry.  Savory and satisfying are only the tip of the iceberg.  The food is simply genius!!GO.EAT.HERE.
5	This place rocks!  Great food, great service, cool atmosphere.
4	Eat. is as straight-to-the-point as its name implies, and there's nothing wrong with that.To start, parking is a little limited since it's on the corner of Carson and 7th. This isn't a complaint (not the restaurant's fault) so much as it is a warning; be sure to bring change for a meter.The restaurant has a nice, friendly atmosphere, described as "retro-chic" in an article I read about it when it first opened up.That's a pretty good description. I'm not any kind of interior design expert (which is why I stole the term from some local magazine article), so I'll just leave the decor at that. I should probably add that "retro-chic" apparently doesn't reach for any overt style associated with a specific decade. In other words, this place isn't art-deco or mod or anything like that; it's as comfortable and down-home as it should be, which is good! It's a small joint but it wasn't totally packed when we came in.  I think we just missed the breakfast crowd though, it began filling up again while we ate.With that out of the way: the coffee, to paraphrase Dale Cooper, is damn good. It is good enough to drink as black as midnight on a moonless night. We all (unless you're one of those weirdos that don't like coffee) know that this is important for any breakfast/lunch spot. The food itself is also delicious.On my first visit: we started with beignets to share for the group. They come with a delicious vanilla mascarpone and equally delicious jam.  I'd recommend spreading both on your beignet, it's like your mouth dies and goes to heaven! The beignets are fluffy, light pastries, and, just as they should be, made to order. You won't regret getting them.I had their benedict on my first visit, since we were there in time for breakfast. In short, it was freaking awesome; so good, in fact, that I couldn't stop myself from using hyperbole in my description of it. The hollandaise sauce had just the right amount of tang; the spinach and tomato tasted fresh; the eggs were perfect; and the turkey bacon had just the right amount of crispness. I also had their pancakes which are light and fluffy, just as a pancake should be. I don't eat pancakes very often so I'm probably not a good judge, but these were very satisfying. If I was feeling more adventurous that day, I would have gotten the huevos motulenos, but that's why I plan on coming for breakfast againOn my second visit, I had their free-range chicken sandwich since it was lunch time.  It comes on ciabatta bread served with greens, mozzarella and pesto spread. Again, the ingredients tasted fresh and flavorful, but the pesto really made the sandwich. It's a good light meal, and the home made potato chips that came with it are something special. I'd recommend coming to lunch early if you're interested in the pot pie - my friend was going to get it but we were told they only make a limited amount per day so she had to order something else. My main complaint is that the service I've received on both visits was "okay" at best, but not at all anything to write home about.
5	WE LOVE THIS PLACE!  OMG!  The food and service was fabulous!  The eye-candy all ofer the place was FABULOUS!  (wink) we are a fan for sure!  Cannot wait to get back to Vegas to try this place again.  Congratulations EAT!  xoxo
4	Went to lunch with a co-worker around 11:30 am and were immediately seated.  Loved the 'warehouse' decor.  We decided to order the chicken sandwich and the BLT and each take half.  The fee range chicken was on ciabatta bread and delicious.  The homemade potato chips and crispy pickle were perfect sides.  The BLT was served on Texas sized yummy grilled bread with avocado.  Our server was prompt and attentive.  My only complaint was that the lively crowd and polished concrete floor made it difficult to have a conversation due to the noise level.  But we weren't talking much when our food arrived anyway.Bottom line...can't wait to be back for breakfast this weekend!
2	I chose to eat at Eat for my birthday breakfast.  We got there probably around 10AM on a Wednesday morning.  The restaurant was half full and despite there being a plethora  of places to sit we were sat at a tiny two top.  When we asked if we could sit on the other side of the restaurant we were told "it is reserved for when we get busy" not the welcome that one would expect for a little boutique spot.  I ordered the pancakes which came with a tiny jar of maple syrup and one packet of butter.  Almost laughable.  When I asked our waiter if I could have more he looked a bit taken aback like I had belched in his face.  He wasn't extremely friendly but he was helpful telling my girlfriend to not order the shrimp and grits over the chilaquiles.  The chilaquiles were much better than my pancakes.  When we were about half way through our meal our server unceremoniously dropped the check on our table.  Having been a server in one of my many past lives, I don't care for having the bill brought before I ask for it.  The pancakes did reheat well, which I enjoyed with an abundance of butter and maple syrup when I ate them at home.
4	A nice, quiet spot to grab a good breakfast.  We ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and the Huevos Motulenos.  The food and the energy were good.  It is a little hard to find both the restuarant and parking.  Overall, a nice change of pace for a Vegas morning.
3	It has been a while since my last trip to Eat and I had high hopes it would meet or exceed my last experience.  I saw the new menu and was salivating over a shrimp po boy so I went.  I must say this was my most disappointing visit yet.  Where to begin. 1) The caesar salad was overly fishy tasting and my wife coouldn't even finish it.  2) The Shrimp Po Boy was extremely messy and difficult to eat without everything spilling off the ciabatta.  The shrimp were overcooked and tough. 3) The beignette's were more like grease balls.I still like this place but I think I am going to stick to breakfast which seems to be much more consistent and worthy of top marks.
2	Sometimes, Yelpers can miss and the four star ratings that drew me here is a disappointment.  First it's a breakfast and brunch place and they stop serving brunch/breakfast items at at lunchtime?  Say what?  How difficult would it be to keep your grill open to cook breakfast items?  Second, the waiter appeared annoyed after he was told I ordered coffee (my friend even heard me) and he didn't hear that I wanted coffee and water.  Third, the food was marginal at best.  Maybe because I didn't have any appetite having spent the night and day before at EDC but man, the black bean soup tasted like sea water.  They salted the heck outta that beans till it flew outta the cuckoos nest.  Two of my friends, didn't like the Tomato Soup, which looked like they put some care into it's presentation, but the taste buds don't lie.  Unfortunately, I can only recommend that you don't Eat at Eat.
4	Great food! We split an order of beignets to start, they were awesome.  My wife had the shrimp and grits (which coming from the South was a gamble...it paid off) and I had the lox plate (equally as good). Food was filling and the prices were reasonable.Great atmosphere.  Owner came up and chatted with us, which I always enjoy.  We will definitely "eat" here again on our next visit to Vegas.
4	I was in town last week and wanted to try a new place for breakfast so around 11 on saturday i started going through yelp to find something exciting.So I thought the storefront looked odd and when i drove by it, the restaurant is underneath either a motel or a bunch of apartments which was even more odd because they were kind of run down.So i parked in the metered parking across the street and ran across to check this place out. When you actually walk, its like you're in a different part of town. Inside its clean and new and actually ....nice? Like hipster nice. It was definitely a surprise.I sat at the bar and yelp told me to get Huevos Motulenos so i ordered the Huevos Motulenos.Which are awesome. There is so much texture and flavor going on in that plate that its really hard to describe.It was definitely one of the best breakfasts that i've eaten recently. And because i knew that i wasn't eating anything for a while i ordered a side of pancakes which i thought would be the size of my hand. They weren't. They were the size of my head. So i barely made it out of there alive but i powered it all down like a champ.On a side note, i don't know why people go to restaurants like this and just order bacon and eggs and then say "wtf bacon and eggs. I mean..it tastes like bacon and eggs - i can make this at home. What a rip off." If you just want to have a crappy meal like two strips of bacon and an egg, learn to cook and stay home. Go get a 99 cent breakfast burrito from mcdonals or whatever. Don't come in here and wonder why bacon and eggs at a restaurant tasted like bacon and eggs made by everybody everywhere EVER.I would definitely come back to eat here again.
4	The area is a little on the sketchy side but I think it adds to the charm of the restaurant. After a short jaunt down Carson street, we turned a corner and I felt like I was back in downtown Sacramento. The restaurant is corky and trendy, and has a really fun feel. I ordered the arugula salad and my friend had the egg Benedict with turkey bacon. So good! And the service was obscenely fast! It's like they already knew what we wanted before we even walked in. Planned on visiting this restaurant again the next day but they close at 2:00 on Sundays... boo. This place in Vegas, isn't that when people just wake up?
4	Decent brunch food, very friendly service.Shrimp and grits!- plain grits (not cheesy or flavorful on it's own) in a light broth that tasted slightly like the sauteed shrimp. Eggs were nice and runny just how I like. the shrimp was the star of the dish.  it was a little garlicky, a little smokey, and quite juicy.  however it only came with 6 pieces.Shrimp po boy - Yummy shrimp with a bit of heat, with crispy bread and a pickle and veggies in the middle. the potato salad that came with it was very plain. there was super salty chip stuck in the middle of it. Weird how some thing have flavors and others don'tService was great!  I felt very well taken care of and the staff was very niceThe food itself was OK and just a little bit above average overall (i would say 3.5 stars), however due to great service i'd have to give this place a 4 due to awesome service!  maybe next time i'll wake up early for their breakfast!
5	YUM!  What a cute little place in Downtown LV!  For breakfast I had oatmeal with brown sugar, pecans and apples...so good and healthy!  This is a great place to meet a friend for breakfast or lunch.
5	This is a great lunch place!  I tried the bogh mi chicken sandwich ( not sure if it is the correct spelling) it was one of the BEST sandwiches I have had anywhere!     Try it!
4	I have yet to find a great breakfast restaurant in town until I ate at Eat!  Everything a breakfast lover would want with a big emphasis on freshness.  Chef Young did a great job with a funky space that has had a line for tables which is a testament to the execution and wholesomeness at Eat.  Lunch is great too with great salads and sandwiches and make sure to try the Posole!  It is absolutely delicious!  I am a fan and can't wait to go back!
4	A hidden gem just outside of Las Vegas - on the floor level of all things - a motel!  A little seedy from the outside, but that all dissipated when you walk through the door into a modern, chic diner.   They don't take reservations, but come early to avoid the wait.  We got there just before eleven on a Saturday and were able to be seated right away.  There was a bit of a wait (in 100+ heat!) by the time we left.On to the food - in order of yumminess, BOLDs are HIGHLY recommended:GRILLED CHICKEN SANDWICH on ciabatta - This was the highlight of the meal.  Stuffed with tomato and arugula, - warm, tasty, and fresh.  I would definitely recommend this.BIEGNETS - SO yummy!!!  Probably best to share, since they really are just donuts, but so soft and warm, and perfect with the jam and cream.SHRIMP AND GRITS - This was really good.  I can't even explain it - it really just looks like a bowl of runny grits with shrimp, but the flavor was superb. Huevos montunlenos - I know these are a big hit on Yelp, but maybe I'm just not a Mexican breakfast type of person.  I recognize that these had a good, spicy flavor with the salsa and tortillas cooked in, but just not my cup of tea.  Now, if you LOVE your Mexican breakfast, go for it!Tomato soup - I agree with the other reviews - really salty.  We initially had wanted the tomato salad, but were told they were out and only had the soup, which we settled for.  Oh well.All in all, a great meal.  My dad still talks about it weeks later.  Street parking was not too difficult.  And it's just down the street from where they shoot Pawn Stars, so you can spend a little time walking off your food perusing there!  :)   (did I just embarrass myself by admitting we watch that show so much that we recognized the shop driving by?)
2	Wow, today's lunch was a disappointment...After eating here for lunch once before, I couldn't wait to come back.. and today was the day. Went with coworkers and couldn't decide between the BLT or the Banh Mi Chicken, Our waitress suggested the Banh Mi and said it was delicious and a bit spicy.. Yay.. bring it on.. I love Banh Mi, and thought this will be a great little twist with chicken.NOT at all what I expected. The chicken was pounded flat, fried and chewy, almost as though it was leftover from last week and reheated. The chicken was hot, so when put on the sandwich bread it wilted the vegetables. They were not crispy and there was no spice. The bread was also overdressed. The homemade chips are some of the best I have ever had... crispy, and lightly salted for great flavor.   The service was friendly and fast. Not going to let one sandwich stop me from going back,.. Looking forward to another lunch. Oh, if you're going to discuss any business during lunch, forget it..a great selection of music plays, but it is loud.
5	This place is worth the hype, and was definitely worth the 5 minute walk from the Golden Nugget.The inside was very clean. The eggs benedict was outstanding, and the pancakes my wife ordered were fluffy on the inside and had some crisp to them on the outside. If I hadn't already stuffed myself with the eggs benedict I would have gladly ordered some of those pancakes too. The owner was sitting next to us eating and we were really impressed by her attention to detail and making corrections even while she was taking a break. To say that she is the captain of her ship is an understatement. I've worked in restaurants and this one was operating like a well oiled machine. Some of the restaurants on the strip should come here and take notes.A great experience and definitely on my itinerary every time I'm back in LV.
4	Great experience here with good food and great service. Portion sizes are big and our food was great.  Pancakes with the chicken apple sausage was really good.  Definetly will be back.
4	Stopped off here before we headed to the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North which is very close by.  It's sort of in this strange neighborhood and there were barely any cars around.  However, when you get inside, this place is packed and bustling.  We ended up sitting at the bar, which was great!  Everyone was very nice to us and we had great service during our entire meal. My husband ordered the Country Fried Steak which is ginormous.  You can probably feed about 2-3 people with that dish.  It was heavy but yummy!  I ordered the oatmeal to be healthy and it was huge!  Portion sizes seem to be pretty large here.  It was really good as it was topped with some cinnamon roasted apples.  I didn't have to sweeten the oatmeal at all because it was so good. My friend ordered pancakes which were amazing!  The pancakes were light and fluffy and just delicious!  It's on my list to order next time.  We also ordered the beignets which I was slightly disappointed about.  I think I've had the ones at Disneyland way too much and nothing can come close to those.  These were decent but just not how I like them which are soft and just melt in your mouth yummy with all the powdered sugar on top. There are a ton of other things I want to try on their menu but since I don't live in Las Vegas it looks like I would only be able to eat here whenever we go to the outlets.  It's now on my must stop list for Vegas. I also loved their wheat toast!!  You must be thinking that toast is toast but here the toast is fresh, light, fluffy and thick and it's toasted on their griddle.  One word to describe it ... Yummy.  If you like toast, you have to try that here.   You have to come with an empty stomach because you will leave completely full.  Great stop for lunch or brunch!!!
4	Went on a Saturday for lunch and it was pretty full with about a 10-15 min wait. Food and service were good. I tried the chicken fried steak. The steak was overdone to the point that the meat around the sides was crispy but the gravy was delicious. Lots of interesting items on the menu that I plan to try next time we go.The space is nice with an open kitchen you can see right into. Downside is that it's quite noisy.
2	Even being near Fremont and having huge portions, I've had better for less.I stopped in for breakfast and was immediately turned off by the coffee and the food didn't fair much better.. I know I'm lacking details, but so was the food.Yeah, you're going to want to Pasadena on this one..
5	From 12/22/2012I've been wanting to try EAT for quite sometime now and I finally made it there yesterday. I was immediately impressed with the atmosphere and decor. Buzzing with patrons, yet I could still have a conversation at a normal volume.The food was absolutely delicious. We ended up ordering five plates: The DWBLTA, the Shrimp Po' Boy, the Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup, the Pozole, and the Black Bean Veggie Chili. Had I been solo, I would have eaten everything myself. The Pozole had a great kick after swallowing a bite, the bread on the DWBLTA and the Grilled Cheese was so perfectly crispy/crunchy and buttery good. While we had our sights set on breakfast, we were not dissatisfied with lunch one iota. I'm looking forward to returning very soon to tackle the breakfast menu.
4	Great find on Yelp! Got there 5 mins before closing and was served by super friendly staff. Menu is healthy and portions sensible. No alcohol license for those of you needing a beer in the 100 degree heat.
4	We were staying at Main Street Station, so this was a simple 3/4 mile walk.  Coming from Reno, we're not huge on casino food, and I was intrigued by this restaurant, trying to contribute to the re-development of the downtown area.We had the beignets (delicious pillows of light, fluffy flavor, with just the right amount of sweet), and I ended up getting the huevos motulenos (an interesting mix of peas, feta, egg, black beans, salsa etc on corn tortillas), while the GF got a grilled cheese. The GF liked it - inch-thick pieces of sourdough, with generous amounts of cheese, and there was definitely that nice blend of buttery, grilled toast, contrasted by the almost gooey cheese.Definitely worth checking out if you're staying in downtown Vegas.
5	Breakfast was fantastic! We arrived around 10 a.m. and were seated immediately. The Huevos Montalano(sp?) was spicy and delicious! Thre sweet banana was a nice companion to the heat of the dish. The green sauce was a bit much for such a humid day( I glisten easily). I ordered a side of the highrise sour dough toast.  The homemade jam was awesome!  Fruity and not too sweet...just right!  I love (to) Eat!
5	Delicious food (i.e : shrimp and grits )Good service.  Fun atmosphere. Plenty of parking. It's kinda cramped inside but that doesn't stop me from going back.
5	I came to EAT two times during my trip to LV, both times were fantastic.  First time we had a very large group and the staff was very accommodating.  The second time was with a smaller group and they managed to fit us in during a very busy lunch hour.Both the arugula salad and the shrimp and grit dishes were delicious and perfectly prepared.  The food comes fast and the vibe is relaxed and funky.  I will definitely be back!
3	Came here for brunch on a Sunday! It was already packed at 10 AM so that tells you something. It was a 5-10 min wait for three people. I ordered the Huevos Motulenos, but I got to try the beignets, chicken fried steak, the housemade chips and the benedifct. I personally didn't enjoy the Huevos Motulenos. I found the flavors and consistencies to be contrasting. Black beans and peas were too hard, salsa didn't complement the dish, there was hardly any egg, the tortilla was soggy, and the bananas confused the entire dish. The beignets were really fluffy, but they would have been better if made and served fresh. They were barely warm when they got to our table. The strawberry jam was really good, though. The Benedict was decent. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. The Chicken Fried Steak was definitely the best plate. The gravy was seasoned deliciously, I just wish there was more of it. A little too much breading but it added good crunch and flavor. Prices ranged from $11-14 for entrees, so I wouldn't come here on a regular basis. But when I do I'll be sure to order the CFS or Shrimp n Grits.
4	Stumbled across this place on Yelp while trying to find a brunch spot Downtown. Thank you Yelp!Staff was friendly and very accommodating...we were a large party of 11, and most of the tables are set for 2-4 but they still managed to seat us in under 30 mins.We had missed the breakfast menu, although a lot of their items are still available for lunch. Had the chicken, mozzarella sammy that was very tasty and filling along with their homemade potato chips and an AMAZING pickle. I kid you not I tried stealing all the pickles on the plates around me. The potato chips are perfect to munch on too, I ended up eating mine and part of a side order someone else ordered. eat. is the perfect spot after a night of being out late and drinking too much on the Strip. Dark roast coffee to wake you up (YES!), friendly attentive staff, delicious food you can't stop eating...From here on out this may be our new spot to hit as we leave Vegas instead of chowing down at an overpriced buffet.
3	Seems like a nice place but there are not many vegan options. Even the Veggie Burger comes with mayo and a non vegan bun.I had the black bean veggie chili and a salad without cheese.  Both were delicious and the presentation was excellent.  I would rate Eat higher, if there were a few more vegan selections.
4	Ummmm yes please!! The Blt was literally amazing, the service was fantastic and the homemade chips??? Delicious. Definitely check this place out!!
4	Great food,  great service,  great concept.  Watch out could be trend setting!
4	We're visiting from the SF Bay Area and a friend recommended eat. We shared an order of beignets and the chicken fried steak breakfast, and there were still leftovers. Food cooked perfectly, attentive, cheerful and funny waitress. We'll be back.
1	Never coming back here again! We walked in and were told the wait was 10-15 minutes for a party of 5. 35 minutes later, we were still waiting. In that time, they seated 7 parties of 2 and 3 that came in after us. They kept assuring us that they simply needed a table large enough for us (and they couldn't possibly put two smaller tables together, for unknown reasons).After waiting for 45 minutes for a table, two tables opened up at the same time. One was a 6 top, one was a 4 top. They tried to seat the 5 of us at the 4 top. (Side note, their 4 tops are NOT large by any means). Now, at least 2 of the other parties that came in AFTER us and were seated BEFORE us were seated at other 4 tops. At this point we politely said no, we wanted the 6 top so we could sit comfortably. They went the consult the owner (I'm assuming she was the owner, she was a female with short curly hair who wasn't wearing the standard black uniform). The owner then rolled her eyes and, said, "Yeah, well I want a million dollars." She didn't realize our party was standing directly behind her and to the left, so we were able to hear the conversation very clearly.Isn't that lovely? After making us wait 45 minutes, we are being unreasonable by asking for a table that will actually seat all of us, when there is one available right there. They did eventually, reluctantly, seat us at the 6 top.Pity, several members of our party were actually big fans of this place, but you can't come back from such terrible customer service. The biggest problem, honestly, was the fact that they tried to seat us at the 4 top after a 45 minute wait with an open 6 top right next to us. Several of our party has worked in food service and we understand waits taking longer sometimes due to parties sitting around chatting. But treating us like we're being demanding for wanting space to sit AFTER such a wait is unacceptable. The owner's comment was the final nail in the coffin to assure we never return. Clearly this place has no appreciation for it's customers.
5	I have read the reviews of EAT and could not wait to try it. It was easy to find, just a few blocks from downtown. We arrived at 1pm and had about a 10 minute wait which was not bad for the time of day. I ordered the food I had read great reviews about starting with the beignets. They lived up to the hype! They were warm and crispy on the outside with a nice fluffy center. They were served with a raspberry sauce and a wonderful vanilla mascarpone. The mascarpone was not too sweet and tasted great with the raspberry sauce. I ordered the shrimp and grits while my husband ordered the black bean veggie chili. Both were superb! The shrimp and grits are served with apple-smoked bacon and two fried eggs. It is the perfect combo.I was really expecting "not so great" service after reading reviews of EAT. Our waiter, Justin, certainly proved those reviews wrong. He was super friendly and we never felt rushed. He kept the drinks coming and sat down to chat for a couple of minutes. I will definitely go back to EAT when I am in Las Vegas again.
5	The pancakes are AMAZING....crunchy of the edges and so damn fluffy.  The best pancakes I ever had...granted I don't eat much pancakes but these were the bomb.  The waitstaff was awesomely amazing as well.  We ordered the eggs Benedict and the pancakes to share.  The Benedict was fresh and the potatoes was yummy.  The plates came to our table hot, so you know if was not just sitting back there for awhile.  I love my food hot.  The waitstaff was awesome because they brought us an extra plate without us asking and they replaced my plate when he saw we were going to share the pancakes and wanted me to have a clean plate.  Love it.  Great experience here with great food.This place is such a hipster place...u could not tell from the outside or where it is located.
1	This place was terrible. The pictures I saw on yelp did not match what was on the menu and the staff was awful. To top it off screaming kids and you can't even have a mimosa with your brunch.
4	I'm like a pig in s*** when a new place opens up downtown for lunch.  Granted, this place isn't BRAND new but still, I was one happy girl!  First off, location can't get better. There's plenty of parking which saves me a headache.  Unlike Le Thai or that awful "La Comida," you don't have to walk several blocks. The decor is adorable and the music is awesome. Just an all around great atmosphere and the staff is super friendly.Now to the food- This place has the BEST chicken caesar salad in town!  Its amazing...sliced chicken breast, shaved parmigiano, real bread croutons, and a tasty dressing. The arugula salad is a close second. Chef Nat's version of the shrimp po boy is delicious as well.  Its healthier than a real po boy (Lola's still has the best) but its definitely legit.  And let's not forget the green chili chicken posole.  Its a MUST try!  I'm latin and love a good posole and Nat's version is pretty f****** amazing!  Oh yes, and last but not least, the passion fruit iced tea!  Love.I'd give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for one thing.  They supposedly do not take rezzies.  Funny, every time I walk in I see "reserved" signs on several tables. Its quite annoying but I take a sip of the yummy iced tea and all is quickly forgiven. :)
4	Great food.  I had eggs(over easy), bacon and potatoes,  All of which were delish...but my favorite was the sourdough toast....OMG soooo yummmy.  I did have a few bites of my friends pancakes and they were also good.  they has a crispy edge that was so amazing.
3	This place seemed to be recommended as a healthy spot downtown. Parking was difficult and it felt creepy walking in that neighborhood with the people in their apartments eyeing me. The people there were very attentive and nice even though it was the lunch rush and they were pretty crowded. Took my order efficiently and brought it out in the amount of time they said would take (due to parking I was in a rush and was doing takeout)Got two sandwiches. I got the veggie burger. The burger was good with the avocado on top but oh my I couldn't find it underneath all that bread so it was quite messy as I took most of the bread off. He had the roast beef and he liked it but again not as much meat as salad components it seemed. Gave him my potato salad and he said it wasn't mayo but not sure what it was... Ranch based? He did like his potato chips. If they put the veggie burger on thinner bread as it said wheat but didn't look like wheat, and more meat on his it would have been better. Glad I tried it and would go if a group was going to get breakfast options but not somewhere I would seek out.
1	Stopped by eat w/three of my friends and we all left horribly disappointed. Not only was our waitress rude, condescending, unwelcoming, and clearly hated her job but the service was slow and the fact that there was no options for vegans was disappointing to say the least. When I asked the waitress if there was any vegan options she rudely stated "we have salad."  Clearly she had no idea what vegan meant as the salad on the menu had animal products in it.  I had to settle for a $7 bowl of oatmeal which they served to me with carmelized apples/pecans (carmelization requires the use of butter...an animal byproduct) which irritated me to no end as I already stated I was vegan and ordered it plain.  We were also never offered refills on our water or coffee, and halfway through our meal our waitress abandoned our table and never came back.  The staff has no regard for your concerns. The four of us agreed we will definitely not be going back.
4	Thanks to Yelp again for allowing me to try a delicious restaurant that I would have never found otherwise. This place was the perfect cure for the night after a long Vegas night.The decor is so cute and modern....very hipster in a good way. I had the oddest breakfast...the huevos with red and green chili served over black beans, peas, tortillas and....feta and....banana?!?!?! It sounds so weird, but it was exceedingly delicious. Sweet, spicy, and savory...perfect food. The BF got the pancakes, which were delicious, but was too hungover to eat them (!), he took about 6 bites and then I insisted we take the pancakes back home all the way to AZ...and they were still good! The coffee was also good....it just was overall awesome. I will definitely be back!
5	We came here for lunch...... The sandwiches are HUGE and delicious.  I can't wait to try breakfast!  Will be back soon.
5	We went here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning. We were planning on eating there but we didn't anticipate the 30 minute wait so we decided to get our order to go.  The food came out quickly and was still hot when we got home. The shrimp and grits were to die for.  I wish I could have gone back for lunch and dinner. The staff was all very friendly and the owner held the door and wished us a great day on the way out. I can't wait to go back and eat in!
5	We were visiting from Texas and made a point to stop in for breakfast.  The food was outstanding and the service was very friendly.  Even the owner took the time to talk to us.  We both had the chicken fried steak and eggs.  I can not stress enough how great it was.  Perfect crispy steak, creamy flavorful country gravy with a side of potatoes and eggs to order.  We will not make another trip to Las Vegas without visiting eat.
4	Reminiscent of Lou Mitchell's in ChicagoFabulous fluffy pancakes, crispy edgesServes REAL MAPLE SYRUPServed with a tasty apple chicken sausageGreat tacky neighborhood joint.....friendly, bustling !!!!!!!!!!Hot, full bodied coffee......constantly being refilled !!!!!!!!!!!!!~I haven't tried anything else YET !!!!!
4	VERY VERY good brunch restaurant! We went around 11am and were seated immediately. I ordered a ciabatta with egg, feta, bacon and a side of potatoes. The ciabatta, egg, feta, bacon sandwich was SOOO DELICIOUS.  The potatoes were good too.  Food came out quickly and service was very nice.Nothing much to look at from the outside (some random motel), but full of character and good food inside.4.5 stars!Would DEFINITELY COME AGAIN!
5	This place is great!  5 blocks from Fremont Street. Easy to walk. Excellent service and food is fantastic. This is much better than the crap food at the casinos.  I highly recommend it.
5	5 is for the food. The food was very flavorful. Got eggs & grits, yummy. Hubby got blt added egg super yum. Little one got oatmeal and fruit which was great. We were the first people in on a weekend morning and our Server was a little awkward, then a more experienced server assisted her.
3	Just had breakfast with my boss here and the breakfast was very tasty. I had the spicy eggs with tortilla and banana. The atmosphere is nice. Even though they only had 1 waitress waiting on people and pass by us twice forgetting our toast. She was not that attentive to us. Yet I will most likely go back.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, good service .....
4	Eat. Yum! Try to go as much as I can since it has opened. I love the place and love that it's downtown. Think I've tried something new each time and always impressed. Those beignets ah and the grill cheese.. Perfect early morning weekend place-  its good food!
4	You wouldn't expect Rex Marvin to know about renaissance. Why is that? Because you know Rex. You know the Rex that considers swallowing the throw up in a strangers mouth after a night of drinking to be "Rex's hair of the dog."  You're welcome, by the way...no one ever says thank you. It is just a stunned look, screaming and then deep guttural sobbing.  Rex gives the greatest gift you can ask for and this is the way your react...babies.  You know Rex...the Rex that after an underground dog race will gladly spit shine his blade before cutting off the back of a deadbeat's neck skin. Not the front. Not with a dirty blade. No. The back so he can grow a mullet, and spit shine so the blade looks clean...but we know isn't.  You know the Rex that when first showed the world how to Twerk during a gasoline soaked meth seizure...Rex means pre-planned dance move done half naked on fire in the parking lot of a Smith's while screaming his patented twerk anthem "dear God just let Rex die!"  You know...THAT Rex.  For some reason the small minded of you don't see that as a renaissance man.  To all of you that feel that way, prepare to feel that way with no back neck skin, MUTANTS!!!Well, Rex is clearly a man who knows about renaissance and he can see the renaissance happening in his beloved Downtown.  A place that has given Rex the best experiences that resulted in crabs, losing a kidney, or being beaten mercilessly by a midget pimp holding an oversized bust of Gabe Kaplan.  Oh, the memories.  As much as Rex looks back on those fondly, he is excited about the changes taking place Downtown.  Gone are some of the crack houses, crack ho's and crack...now is some crack mixed with good places to eat and sleep.  One great place to eat...is eat. "eat."  Terrible bad name that is not clever or interesting, but please don't let that misstep deter you from going forth and trying this wonderful little place. (Going forth? Last time I huff paint and read Chaucer...but in all fairness...it is the only way to read Chaucer.)  Eat. Is a revelation.  It is a wonderful little breakfast/lunch spot.  If you can forgive that hipster, desperately trying to be Seattle or if not Seattle, Portland...and if not Portland...a good attempt at Portland in Dayton Ohio...then yes...it is very, very good.  Rex, like all thinking humans, hates hipsters and hipster culture. So at first when you see the tattoos and the trying too hard without looking like trying too hard hipness of the place you want to vomit wildly while gurgling "You are our disco!!"  Please refrain. They mean you no harm. They are just misguided. Also, the food is damn good. So, Rex has eaten several times and will eat there again...but just for breakfast. Breakfast is way better than their lunch menu.Stars of the breakfast...first and foremost one of the most interesting and delightful dishes of all time (yes, Rex punched himself in the balls for typing delightful), is the huevos motulenos. Odd collection of things that should not work but do...very, very well.  The second best was the shrimp and grits. Might be the best grits in Las Vegas. The pancakes are excellent and the chicken fried steak is the size of a bread plate and wonderfully tender and crispy.  The oatmeal was not great, I would not recommend.Lunch was good, but not great. The salads seem out of place and Rex has heard more than one person say they are just "okay". Lose them. This isn't a salad place. The grilled cheese was not "killer" except if you mean it killed my belief it was a great grilled cheese. The version of the blt was good, but nothing exceptional. The Rueben was good, but nothing to write home about.  One last thing...Rex wanted coffee one morning...the coffee maker was broken! Travesty that must be avoided. He heard some dumb bastard try to order ginger ale with breakfast and he wanted to hit that guy in the face with his decent orange juice glass.  He didn't Rex IS a renaissance man...which is why his ho's always walk the cobblestone streets and bring back ducats from their "dates."
2	The wait staff was very friendly, and we arrived around 11:30--just before the lunch rush.  The food was OK, but not really worth the drive and parking to downtown. And I LOVE a good breakfast place.   My friend had the egg truffle sandwich, which she said was pretty good, and I had bacon and eggs, which were decent (but insanely greasy).  The beignets that arrived before the meal were also good--but also incredibly greasy.  At around noon, the crowd picked up and it was very busy.  The kicker for Eat, and the reason I won't be returning, is that upon receiving our credit cards back from the bill, we noticed a photocopied note that had been highlighted, which (very condescendingly) stated that split checks during "slammed" times was not appreciated.  Now, had we been TOLD that by the waitress prior to running our check, we would not have split it (down the middle, not by item, mind you).  After an inordinate amount of time between the end of our meal, the dropping of the check, and the waiting for our credit cards back, we were informed by one of the wait staff that Eat only has one credit card machine.  Seriously?  With all the free card runners (Square, etc...) out there, an establishment is going to blame the customer for the slow down of running two cards? And again, it was not busy when we entered, and had the bill been dropped in a timely manner, we could have been on our way, leaving behind us a free table for the crowd.  So there you have it.  Decent, greasy, initial service was friendly, incredibly rude and condescending upon receiving the bill.
5	So happy to find fresh sustainable food in Las Vegas! The service & ambiance was great. I had the chicken pesto sandwich with the home made potato chips. The chicken was delicious, no fat or skin. The produce was all very fresh & the potato chips were awesome & not greasy. I will definitely be coming back here again!
5	Everyone knows Las Vegas is all about horrible buffets and overpriced food on the strip. My friend and I were pleasantly surprised by this restaurant downtown, just a few blocks from the casinos on Fremont Street. It was so good, we went twice over the 3 days we were in Vegas. If this place was in my hometown of Seattle, I'd totally go for brunch or lunch any day. She's vegetarian, but we had plenty of options for both of us. Grilled cheese with a side of tomato salad? DO IT!
5	So this is what the new downtown is all about. My friends and I usually stay on or near the strip, but for this trip we went downtown because we kept hearing a lot of blah blah blah, about how much it has changed. We walked one morning from our hotel to EAT. It's about a 10 minute walk. EAT. is a prime example of what the new downtown can and will be in the future if all goes well. This little place gets busy, but it's worth the wait. I got the chicken fried steak, delicious and well seasoned. The toast they serve is about an inch think which is great if you love bread. The server was attentive, but she did seem a little overwhelmed the day we went. I saw the owner there chatting with regulars. If downtown continues to offer up similar types of places, I may be spending more time in the area to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Keep up the good work.
4	It's can be hard to find good food in vegas. Happy to find this great cafe. Friendly staff ,good food and big portions.
4	eat. is the kind of restaurant you feel good spending your money inside of.  Far removed from the Food network portraitures and triple digit price points of your typical strip-side steakhouse, tapas bar or italian eatery this down to earth downtown cafe is a refreshing change of pace for the adventurous LV visitor.  The menu offers some familiar treats done right and some not so familiar items for the more daring of palettes.  Firstly, the pancakes were praised by everyone at my table for their perfectly crispy edges.  The beignets were warm and soft, as fresh as any bourbon street bakery, and served with sweet homemade jam and mascarpone.  My dish, the Huevos Motulenos, was an inspired new take on the classic huevos rancheros, with the addition of banana (a subtle addition mind you) making this one of the more memorable and unique breakfast dishes I've had the pleasure to try.Natalie, the chef and owner of eat., was in the kitchen for most of our visit cranking away on orders and running the staff but we had the pleasure of catching her resting on the bench out front on our way out.  She was happy to chat with us for a bit and I'm happy to say embrace us with as much warmth and authenticity as her menu exemplifies.  I look forward to any future endeavors Natalie brings to this lonelier Las Vegas neighborhood and hope to return to eat. in the future for more tasty culinary delights.Thanks again, Natalie!
5	This must have been a great week full of culinary finds and updated reviews.  I haven't been back to Eat since my birthday in April, probably because I didn't really have the best sandwich for my taste buds.  This place is super convenient from my office and should have been frequented more.  Well, I came back to this place for business meeting and I was glad I did!The place is still the same charming location from last time.  I really like the color scheme: medium tones of green and white.  Looks retro, clean and modern at the same time.  Seating includes a bar top, tables and booths.  Lots of space, but it packs up!  We ended up waiting about 15 minutes, but don't leave!  It's worth it :)For this lunch date, I decided to try the Free Range Chicken sandwich for $12.  My side was the popular potato salad and chips combo from last time.  Homemade chips, lightly seasoned and homemade potato salad, this time super flavorful, was a great combination.  The sandwich is free range chicken, fresh mozzarella, tomato, mixed greens, sprouts, pesto mayo on a ciabatta bread.  Let's talk about the star of the show, the chicken.  These were breast meat chickens, so tender, so flavorful, so perfectly cooked!  LOVED IT :) mozzarella melted on the top of the chicken cloaked over and brought a lightly salted element.  The veggies offered lots of fresh texture to the meal and of course, the pesto mayo sealed the deal!  Such a great sandwich and really made my day!!Alright, this was the dish that made me say, "I've gotta come back real soon."  No joke, this sandwich is awesome!  I also love the staff and got to meet the owner of the place. She's lovely and has done some great work with this joint.  Come check them out!!
4	I've been wanting to try this place and am glad I did!  It's a cute, modernesque, hip little restaurant that's open only for breakfast and lunch and definitely does fill up!  We got there just before the lunch crowd - 11:30 per my boss' recommendation - and watched people wait for tables at about 12:00 on . . . The servers are very friendly and relaxed, they stopped and chatted for awhile as we had some questions about the food and later about the area (the same owner is opening another restaurant (bar type food) in the development across the street).  A little slow with the bill because they apparently only have one credit card machine and wouldn't you know, everyone wanted to pay at the same time with a credit card! FOOD - the posole' is great - I love their posole'.  It tastes fresh and not too salty!  YUMMM!  We also ordered the ruben which was definitely one of the best I've ever had, but was huge!  Others at our table ordered the BLT which looked amazing and the egg truffle sandwich which was yummy for what it was, but isn't really my thing!!We ended with the beignets and they are a deep fried donut.  So yes, naturally they are greasy, but that's what they are!!  It's like a pot roast that tastes like meat - well, of course it does!!  But they are fresh and just crisp enough with a two dipping sauces that you simply can't do without!!  I'm a fan!Parking stinks, there is some curbside parallel parking for free across the street.  Pay curb parking on the side of the restaurant too.  We will be back - I love local eateries and this one was well worth the trip!!
5	From a chefs point of view, I can't think of a more inspiring breakfast and lunch eatery in town.  If I new nothing of chef Natalie, but by fresh ingredients she's has selected for her menus would be enough. Her knowledge yet complex approach to simple food has all of her patrons feeling at home. If your rolling stag there is a great table over looking the kitchen, known as the community table. Its a great place to sit and reflect on the dish of choice while striking up conversation with a total stranger.  Whether, you just rolled out of bed or a local construction worker, student, or a suit wearing business professional. Your sure to be at home.  Try the truffled egg sandwich.
4	Loved the feeling inside..very inviting. Host was friendly and helpful in getting me quarters for the meters as there is only metered parking. Be sure to park next to the restaurant as neighborhood a bit shady. Husband and I took our young boys and we ordered two coffees, 2 strawberry lemonades, the pancakes, chilaquiles, granola and fruit, eggs and bacon dish. I wish they would have had a kids menu as we spent $50+ for breakfast. Could have gotten away with only 3 dishes as the portions were big and we ended leaving lots of food which is a shame because bottom line was the food was very good. Service was great. Would go back again. Liked that it was in the old part of Vegas so you can avoid the crowds and explore a retro part of vegas afterwards.
3	The food was pretty good, but the service was poor. We arrived about 12:45 pm on a Sunday. They had a ton of staff, but apparently they were done for the day. I had to go up to the counter for refills on our beverages.  We had ordered Beignet's, as an appetizer, and i think the waitress forgot to put the order in because it took almost 30 minutes.  Overall- disappointed.
5	I'd never been to DTLV before and really didn't know what to expect from the downtown area in the ways of food establishments. I was pleasantly surprised by almost all of the places we ate, but eat. was probably my favorite.We stumbled in here after a late Vegas night for some hungover brunch food. There was a long wait, but we were able to sit down right away at the bar. And boy, were we glad we did! We had the huevos mutalenos and the pancakes. Apparently the huevos dish was voted best hangover food in Vegas... It was delicious, the perfect blend of spicy, sweet and savory. The fried bananas were a great touch! That dish was great, but what really shocked us was how delicious the pancakes were! They were so unique too, perfectly cooked and crisp on the edges, they were the best pancakes I have ever had! So flavorful and the texture was perfect, they are huge too...no way we could finish them. Another cool thing was that the owner and chef was there working away! She's done a great job with this place, fun, creative and delicious comfort food at it's finest!MY GO-TO DISH: I don't think you can go wrong here, but the pancakes are not to be missed! You gotta try the huevos mutalenos too. We were eyeing the country fried steak too, getting that next time!
5	Awesome food! They cook with passion and the service is great. Awesome Downtown feeling that you just can't beat!
4	Hipster vibe, minimalistic decor, a menu with about 10 good breakfast choices.  Good option for a night after drinking.  Good sunlight, lots of windows, friendly staff, decent coffee.   Not as amazing as Bronze Center Cafe but I would go back.
2	I was really- I don't know- disappointed with Eat. My friend had talked about this place she was so excited to go and our experience was not good. First when we got there our server just kept trying to up sell us. Try once but then read your customers and stop. We sat down and she asked us if we wanted beverages and both of us just said water, and she was like "no coffee, juice?" No just water, she said okay and then i cant remember if she asked us if we wanted sparkling water or bottle water, so again we both said "no just regular water with some ice please." That kind of irritated us. Then my friend had read on yelp that the chilaquiles were better if you asked to have the egg fried instead of scrambled. While we were looking at the menu, my friend kept reminding me to have her egg fried. The server came back and asked us if we wanted to order- i was still looking so we said we needed a minute. And she again was like "oh well can i start you with something biegnets maybe, our biegnets are really good." We were going to split biegnets so we just ordered them but after being pushed about the drinks the server was just kind of irritating us. The biegnets- huge disappointment. I know there are different schools of thought on who likes what type of biegnets- I personally like light fluffy biegnets. These ones were the doughy thick biegnets- which the main downfall is the dough soaks up a lot of oil. As soon as we picked up the biegnets the oils saturated everything, my fingers, it was half and inch into the biegnets, I used napkins to soak up the excess oil- this is just a huge turn off. Of the six we only ate two. Which is sad because had they been good we would have been fighting over them and probably ordered seconds.The server comes back and we place our breakfast order- my friend asks for the chilaquiles but wanted to change the egg to a fried egg. The server responded with "oh well thats our signature dish so its really designed to be eaten the way we have it on the menu."- omg I so wanted to say "well yelp is designed to help customers improve their experience at a restaurant." The server would not change the eggs, my friend just got frustrated and ordered shrimp and grits- which the server then said, "yeah maybe youll like that better.". For me I just ordered one pancake- mainly because the biegnet kind of ruined things for me. The server looked at me and was like "one pancake? are you sure you can get a short stack of two for $6.00 our pancakes are the best ever you might want to do that." Again i can read the menu I took time to look over the options, i saw there was a short stack and no i would just like ONE pancake thanks. After repeating myself she said "do you want to add eggs, or bacon or sausage?" Again no, just the pancake. Our food-When the shrimp and grits came I could just tell my friend was going to be disappointed- the bacon was not crispy it actually looked under cooked, where the fat on the bacon is still white and flabby. The grits looked okay. I could not try it because im allergic to shrimp- but then again i dont think I would have wanted too. After having grits from Lola though, I knew those grits at Eat could not compare. I asked my friend how did these grits rank compared to Lolas. And she replied "Lolas is a 10 and these are a ZERO." bummer. My pancake was good. Its served really cute with a little personal jar of syrup. I wouldn't say its the best pancake ever- i still think my favorite pancakes are at Babystacks. It is a good pancake though.Then our bill- our server mysteriously disappeared and no other servers seemed to want to help us out so we waited a bit- like a while for our server to reappear. She brought us our check and we placed two cards in it. When we got our check back there was a note inside that said "During busy times we request you do not split checks. Thanks" That's kind of what did it for me. I was thinking well you know what we request that you get competent servers then. Most of us in Vegas have worked at one time or another in the food industry at busier places then Eat and have had to split checks- learn your trade and multitask. So I wouldnt go here again- Id rather go to Babystacks any day.
5	An article in Sunset Magazine about downtown Vegas revitalization drew us to this restaurant. It delivered. The pancakes were a version of amazing I'd never tasted before and the chilaquiles rocked my tastebuds. I wished I'd have tried everything on this menu. Truly incredible vibe, atmosphere, and affordable delicious crafted dishes. I'm returning when the Container Park opens across the street for sure.
4	Really good food, the egg in the Downtown Benedict could be poached a little bit harder, but it's very good in general. The chicken steak is really good, savory is awesome. I love their toasted bread especially, it's very good quality. The only reason for four star is it takes a while for the server to come.There is street parking near by.
4	This made Vegas a worthwhile stop on our road trip. Neither of us enjoy the Las Vegas Strip, so we ventured off-strip for breakfast at eat. Staff were super-friendly and attentive. The coffee was good. Breakfast was excellent. My truffled egg sandwich was ridiculously good. It was strong on flavor, and the eggs were cooked perfectly. Bacon, feta, mushrooms...just terrific. The chive potatoes were also great. The bf LOVED his huevos motulenos--so much that I didn't get to taste them.I don't expect to be back in Vegas if I can avoid it, but if I am driving through on a road trip, eat. will be my choice for a meal in town.
4	Eat at Eat! This is actually one of the first restaurants I've eaten at in DTLV. I'm definitely not use to the parking, aka parallel parking. But that did not deter us from eating here. It's actually very spacious inside, it didn't take the hostess long to seat us, however there was just two.I'm easy to please when it comes to breakfast food. All I need is a nice big cup of coffee and good food. Both of which this restaurant has plenty of. We both tried the truffle egg sandwich. The sandwich was pretty good. The sandwich was a little hard to eat though. It was pretty fat. The bacon was also a little to crispy for my liking, but I guess thats what I get for ordering something with bacon when I don't actually like bacon that much. The truffle part just sounded too good to pass up.The service could have have been a little more attentive. It was a little hard to get a refill on my coffee. I tried asking and the girl just kind of walked away before I got the chance. I just need a refill to save me from the food coma..
4	Located in Downtown LV this quaint little place had a lot a character. After being sat we were immediately greeted and offered recommendations. My wife doesn't drink black coffee and after being convinced by our server she ordered it. She loved it and also bought a bag of the coffee beans. A little pricey at $15 but it is great to support a local business. We started with an order of beignets. They were absolutely amazing. Light, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Served along side a strawberry preserve and flavored cream cheese. It was delicious together and by itself. A definite must have. I ordered the chicken fried steak and a side pancake (another recommendation by our server). The steak was filled with gristle and hard to cut and chew. This took away from my enjoyment of the dish. The batter was light and crispy. The big plus was the gravy, absolutely delicious. Creamy with chunks of sausage, perfectly balanced, not overly creamy it oily. They claimed to have the best pancake. It was served with pure maple syrup. It looked like it was cooked in a cast iron skillet. It had crispy edges and a fluffy center. It was an absolutely perfect pancake. Next time I'm ordering just the pancake stack. This is a definite place to stop by any time you're in Vegas for breakfast or brunch.
4	The decor and atmosphere in here reminds me of cool quaint modern restaurants in California specifically Palo Alto University Ave. The outside and surrounding area wasn't so inviting and I was a bit worried about leaving the car. The establishment is really clean and spacious from the dinning area to the restroom and from what  I can see into the kitchen as well. They gave us way too much time to make a selection from a small menu but the food came out pretty quick and piping hot. We spent $30 on huevos (something ) and chilaquiles small orange juice and a coffee. Huevos had scambled eggs black bleans,peas, feta and small pieces of bananas. Side of potatoes and topped with red and green chile sauce. Chilaquiles similar to a nachos but so much more healthier and fresher. Corn tortilla chips around the plate, farm fresh scrambled eggs topped with this sweet sausage, cheddar and jalepeno mango salsa. The food is AMAZING! Quality ingredients, fresh and the flavors balanced perfectly. Nothing was drenched in oil or butter or over spiced. Portions were big also. We found out about this place off of the food network and its well worth checking out, I believe they only serve breakfast and lunch.
5	I work in Downtown Las Vegas and was thrilled when Eat opened.  The food is delicious and the restaurant has a cool vibe.  My office mates and I stop in regularly for breakfast and lunch.  i love the grilled cheese and soup and the roast beef sandwich.  However, the only suggestion I would make is to add a few new items to the menu, or change out a few items for the season.  My friends and I have tried everything on the menu and would love to try something new.
4	This place is a must "eat". I had the green chili soup and the roast beef and blue cheese sandwich. Who knew you could get great green chili in Vegas. Next the roast beef sandwich was so good. The flavor of the melted blue cheese with the roast beef blended well and the soft bread made it that much better. Check this out if your in the downtown area.
4	Yummy, locals, friendly, easy, bacon, line, worth-the-wait, pancakes (over easy eggs on top), totally going back.
4	Eat is such an interesting place to eat. First of all, it's located just outside of Downtown Vegas, and on the bottom floor of an apartment building. So weird! But I read promising reviews on Yelp, and my friend recommended it too, so I decided to give it a try. First impression, nice ambience. Nice artwork on the walls. And overall a pretty neat place to eat. There's an art school down the street so I wonder if they have something to do with it. When my bf and I showed up, luckily a table was just leaving, so we got seated right away. I saw beignets on the menu and had to try it! However.. i'm not impressed. It tasted like frozen dough that's fried. It was really heavy and not fluffy at all. The Huevos Montelenos which is basically Huevos Ranchers was SO GOOD. I have to go back. There was so much food and so much flavor. I loved it. My bf ordered the chicken fried steak which was delicious as well. He enjoyed it, but I personally liked my dish better.We ended with some coffee and overall, thought the food was excellent. HOWEVER! We asked for the check, then asked for the check, then asked for the check probably 3 more times. Waiters kept coming and apologizing for the wait and they'll get to it right away.. and then never do. Finally, when I wanted to walk out without paying, they finally brought it.. probably 45 minutes after we completely finished our meal and our tables were cleaned. That's pretty bad service.Overall, I'd come back for the food, and to give their service a second chance, but if I have to waste 45 minutes waiting for the check, that's a definite no-go. It's Saturday, I have places to go and people to see.
4	Outstanding. Fast,friendly service. Wonderful menu selection. Food came out fast,hot and delicious. I had the truffle egg sandwich and was not disappointed.
5	As advertised, beignets and accompanying sauces and marscapone spread we're ridiculous. Ask for the chicken fried steak; it isn't on the menu but it's there. Great coffee, cool staff and easy walk to Freemont if you want to get dick punched playing $5 single deck bj.
5	I work downtown. What can I say? Our options are few and I ended up back at eat. with a friend for lunch.I arrived at 11:40 a.m., which was great, because I had until 1 for lunch. We were seated by 11:50 (after being offered a seat at the counter, which we declined), and our server was on us immediately. He (I'm sorry, I don't remember your name!) was friendly, helpful, funny and knowledgeable. All very appreciated!I ordered the DWBLTA with chips and an iced tea. Friend ordered . . . oh yeah! Breakfast! Some breakfast sandwich that he had several things removed from, and he was so excited to be able to order breakfast. I'm happiest when my friends are happy. Server was back in a flash with our drinks. It was tropical passion tea with an orange slice and mint sprig it in it - delish! In the blink of an eye - server was back with our lunch! YAY for fast service on the lunch hour! The DWBLTA was the best I've had. Fresh absolutely everything, with lots of avocado (not one skinny slice like some places!), a schmear of - I think Russian Dressing? And the bacon was amazing. YUM. I had the chips as the side, and they were awesome! I never clean my plate, and I cleaned my plate. My friend was amazed.Friend was sure they were gonna mess up his breakfast sandwich with his "hold this and that" business - they did not. It was perfect, and he said delicious. Server was quick with our check and cashing us out. In fact? It was 12:35 and we were done, and able to just chat! FUN! I'm happy, eat. I'm really, really happy! I'll be back. In fact? I can't wait!
5	I have been to eat twice now. First time was for Sunday brunch and second time was for lunch on a Friday. The eggs Benedict on Sunday was delish. For lunch I had the truffled egg sandwich. The bread is so good and fresh. I also tried my friend's roast beef sandwich. It was also excellent. The beignets are good, but not the texture I'm accustomed to having when I visit New Orleans and Savannah. These are denser but still tasty. The staff is always nice and wait time is never more than 15 mins for party of 2.
5	Fact: I schedule meetings here once at week Fact: I call 'timeout' during the meetings so that I can enjoy the food, free of chatter or negotiationQuestion: How can I schedule more meetings?Across from the new container park, eat. is a casual spot to grab some solid lunch and breakfast fare. I'm a sandwich first, ask questions later kind of guy, so I've yet to test out the breakfast, but everything I've had on the lunch side of things has been excellent. The free range chicken sandwich is served on a light, crunchy ciabatta with a juicy chicken breast and fresh toppings. The reuben is large and the best I've had in Vegas, the veggie burger is made on-site and the passion fruit iced tea is unsweetened, so it just has a hint of tropical flavor in it. Sold? I thought so. See ya there.  Pro Tip: Expect to wait for a few around noon
4	Delish! I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese which tasted like a reimagined version of my childhood favorite :) my taste buds were in heaven. The only downside was the wait but because of the size of the restaurant it's pretty understandable I waited 30 min without a reservation.
3	I was excited to check this place out, and in the end, was happy with the experience overall.  I like the ambience, but I felt the customer service lacked.  The hostess who sat us, barely made eye contact and showed us where to sit by waving in the direction of an empty table.  Our waiter, Robert, seemed rushed and wasn't friendly or pleasant.    I ordered the chicken friend steak and asked for the gravy on the side, but when it arrived, my food was covered in gravy.  Before I could ask for a change, the server who brought the food already rushed off.  I relented and ate my food as it came, but was pleasantly surprised.  I normally don't like too much gravy on my food, but the gravy was delicious.  My party also ordered the beignets for the table.  The other reviews on beignets were mixed, so we wanted to try them out for ourselves.  As most reviewers noted, the beignets were dense and not flaky and light like they're suppose to be.  That being said, they still tasted pretty good.I intend to come back because although it was just an average visit, I see the potential of this place turning into a great local spot.  I think that the staff have to be more friendly and attentive, but otherwise, this is a place that I would still recommend.
5	What a Great place for breakfast.  We were  tired of breakfast on the strip and was heading to old Vegas for the day. We looked up places to eat and found Eat and we were glad we did. A little less expensive than the standard breakfast placed we'd found over the week. Great atmosphere. Great service and they wee busy.  Food was awesome. I had one of their own unique dishes and it was awesome.  My wife eggs with pancakes which was really good. real maple syrup. I would go back often if I lived there.  Give it a try.  We did and and give it a 10.  Enjoy!
4	Delicious!!! I little pricy for two people but Amazing none-the-less
3	I have been there three times. Food has been good, huevos motulenos and beignets stood out. Fried chicken steak had lots of connective tissue. Service: that's why I give them a three stars... Pretty inconsistent. Visit one: took a long time for our food. Visit two: rather impersonal and they dropped  the wrong check on my table ( waited also a while to have it fixed and had to waive a busser to assist). Visit three: service was good. I will be back regardless as the concept and atmosphere is really appealing to me.
1	I gave this place a try twice with a coworker before leaving this review. We were seated right away both times (yay) but waited at least 10-15 minutes before the server acknowledge our presence. The place isn't big at all so even if you're busy you can at least say hello to your table!The first time, I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with potato salad. The sandwich is ginormous and 90% bread and 10% cheese. While the cheese was yummy, you could barely taste it with all that frikkin bread. Should be more cheesy in my opinion. Shrug. But to each his own. And the server gave me chips instead of potato salad. When I asked her to bring me the salad, she seemed perturbed. Geez! It was your mistake, not mine.The second time, we waited 15 minutes to order, very frustrating. Especially when you only have an hour for lunch. I ordered the two eggs over easy with chive potatoes and bacon. For $11 I expected something goooood. WRONG. My eggs arrived well over medium (no gooey yolk to dip my bacon in, booooo.) The potatoes were overcooked and maybe four bites worth, and the bacon way too crispy. Guess the cook forgot about my breakfast and just let it sit there overdone. When I asked for jam for my toast, again the server seemed hassled by my request. Is it just me? Do I have a booger on my face? I didn't ask for new eggs because I don't like to complain (nor do I risk saliva or snot in my food). Very disappointed at both of my visits.This place has let me down twice in guest experience and food. I will never go again. Overrated.
2	Food and service are so good.The music is so loud that I kind of don't want to come back.:(
4	The food gets five stars.  Original, consistent, nice presentation and just plain delicious!  Only thing missing is acoustics.  So noisy can't hear at all - same problem for all those I talk to over 55 in there.  I just do take out now but would be nice if I could meet friends there.  Would be great if they opened up that outdoor seating in this nice weather!
4	Food is good but not spectacular. Had the BBQ kielbasa sandwich solid bread. Meat was tasty but could have been better smoked. BBQ sauce was what held it back. Sweet BBQ sauce not my favorite by a mile. Still overall a great place to eat. The Veg Black Bean chili was very good.
3	Last time I reviewed eat, I said it was fresh, modern, but unmemorable. It has been a while since then, so I went back.Once again, I am left with the same impression. It's still fresh, it's still modern and indie, and still unmemorable. The food is just nothing to speak of. It's food. And it's expensive food at that. Why is a reuben or some shrimp and grits $13 a plate? That's a high asking price for some fresh but average tasting food.I understand they source local ingredients and are part of the downtown movement, but I just can't justify making it downtown to go to this place. It's expensive and average, and that really takes the luster off the modern and indie vibe its experience begins with.
4	I love little local eateries. This is definitely one of those places. I work downtown and walk to lunch every day. This is one of the weekly haunts. Everything is super healthy and all-natural. Who doesn't want more of that in their life?The decor is cheery with pops of lime and very intimate as it's quite small. The menu is expertly curated, so don't worry about searching through a million pages. If you want fresh, simple, and tasty, this is your place.
4	Fast service and good food. Very cool vibe.  I had the huevos rancheros ($11) very interesting flavor.  It's sort of just a hot mess, with salsa beans, eggs, peas, tortillas and potatoes. The flavor was great.  My girl had the short stack pancakes, which was only $5, cheap date. The pancakes were a tad dry and just not enough syrup. The soft drinks where the typical Vegas price $3 , ouch.  Overall a great place to eat breakfast or lunch just a short walk from Fremont st.  They are right next to the new container park, which is cool.  I would defiantly eat here again.
5	Hands down best grilled cheese and BLT's in town. Words can't describe the amazing-ness that is eat. If I could come here daily I would. The beignets are always out of this world and tried the chicken fried steak today and whooaaaa!  I don't think you can go wrong with anything on this menu. The service is fantastic as well.
4	I really enjoy the brunch here. It's good though it has a bit too much of a hipster vibe. The food is not amazingly stand out, though the beignets I recently had were pretty amazing.It's a nice place for a casual lunch as well if you have the time. During the week it can be a bit busy for lunch though so be warned.
4	real pretty food and decor and but one of our servers was sub par at best...
3	The food was great and absolutely worthy of 5 stars. The service was 3 stars because we were given our food then abandoned. After waiting 20 minutes for our waitress to finish stocking mugs and sweeping the floor after the lunch rush we finally asked someone else for boxes. I can't say enough about how good the food was and it is a small but solid menu. I loved my chicken sandwich and my friends chicken fried steak. Unfortunately with the metered parking we didn't have an extra 30 minutes after finishing eating to wait for boxes, the check, and not receive any tea refills.
1	Groan.  Unfortunately, not impressed. Hostess clueless. Took care of personal business for 15 minutes before seating us. Zombie waitress with no personality. Also, we were upcharged for everything without letting us know ($3 to sub side salad instead of potatoes and $5 for three medium pieces of shrimp).  We did complain - no response, no customer service. Additionally this is 2013, how do they not carry gluten free sandwich options?  Place has great potential. Would really love to see them become more customer service oriented. This seems to be a problem throughout Vegas and what keeps us from being a world class city. Backwards mentality. Short term profit instead of customer loyalty. Good luck with that!
5	We came here after reading about Eat in Sunset magazine. So glad we did! Hands down, the best pancakes any of us have ever tasted! The eggs benedict with homemade hollindaise sauce was amazing!Patio dining atmosphere rounded out a perfect breakfast. Thanks to a very friendly staff too!
4	This truly is a 4 star place... It could be 5 because the food is so good. But no surprise the service is horribly slow, unaware, and not friendly.I had the chicken sandwich today with out of this world potato salad. I highly recommend both. I also ordered coffee which sadly never got refilled. The owner/chef used to check in with tables and greet people but that's a thing of the past as well.  Last time I ordered the grilled cheese with "kickass tomato salad" which turned out to be soup? I don't know..Overall, the food is is just so good that I will be back.
5	FIVE STARS.I'm bumping up my review of eat to a fiver after my breakfast yesterday morning.I entered eat around 10 AM hungry for some breakfast action not knowing exactly what I would get. I've been here once before for breakfast and had the truffled egg sandwich (delicious!), but this time I went with the Chilaquiles Scrambled Eggs, What the... this is what breakfast is made of my friends. Everything about this meal from the ingredients, to the execution, to the presentation was perfect. I was so satisifed with this meal I was thinking about the great review I was going to give it while I was eating it. Not to mention, I cleaned my plate. This delicious meal is scrambled eggs, turken, jalapeno mango sausage, corn tortilla chips, cheddar, red & green new mexican chili. The mango sausage is the star that pulls everything together because it has an amazingly sweet, savory, and spicy taste to it that plays on your taste-buds.I've been in here when there were a few more people (as in the place was packed) and the loudness leaves a bit to be desired for ambiance, but my breakfast was calm with minimal noise even though there were quite a few patrons (and myself) sitting at the bar.What also gets to my heart is the fact that they use locally grown produce here from Caliente, NV. I love it. We need to get back to that idea of using what is near us instead of stuff that is miles and miles away.Overall, love eat. I will go back to eat here again and again.
4	We have eaten at this restaurant twice - both times for brunch.  I am vegan. My husband is not.  The menu is not really vegan friendly but the staff are eager to please so they put something together for me that worked.  Very flavorful combinations!We like the urban vibe.  It is a little tricky to find parking on event weekends and we had to wait both times for a table. However, that is the price you pay for good food and a cool place to have brunch.  Staff are very friendly and efficient.
4	Hands down the best (and largest) BLT I've ever had!  The owner came and sat with us for a while and gave the history of this fairly new (and very popular) little diner.  She explained how all the food is prepared fresh daily, as ordered, and you can see this for yourself as you sit at the dining bar and can watch the cooks in action.  Definitely a must do stop while in Vegas.
4	Thank you, fellow yelpers for another great find! Just a few short blocks away from the Fremont St. Experience, you'll find eat. tucked away on an unassuming street. BF and I came here on a Sunday morning (thank you daylight savings and east coast time difference) around 9:30am. We got a table within 10 minutes. The restaurant is spacious and you don't feel like you're sitting on top of each other, which is nice. Everyone working there is super friendly. Although Charity was supposed to be our waitress she was very busy with other tables, so another waitress helped her out. I even noticed Charity find a woman's credit card that was left on the table after the group had already left and she ran out of the restaurant to find them (they were parked across the street). Although Charity didn't take our order she still checked on us while we were eating. Speaking of food, we ordered the Eggs Benedict, Chicken Fried Steak with sunny side up eggs, and a side of short stack pancakes. The eggs benny was deliciously light and perfectly poached.  One of the best I've had! The Chicken Fried Steak and gravy was comforting and flavorful. The pancakes.... OH the pancakes! BEST BEST BEST! The edges were crispy and while the middle was fluffy and perfect. WOW. I want more. Next time I'm in Vegas I know where I'm going for brunch!
5	Had the best salad here. Omg, I have been wanting another one since. LOL.
5	What a great place in old downtown. Shrimp and Grits were awesome. Love the design on the inside.
5	Amazing. Great food, quick service. I had the shrimp and grits. Shrimp was perfectly cooked and the salsa on top was so tasty. We shared the beignets which were very good. Coffee was the only disappointing part. Burned, blah.
5	Been here a few times and I have to day something. Such care is put into the dishes that's it's hard to ignore. One could say that a pancake is easy to perfect, but that's not true. When a restaurant pays attention to perfect execution of a simple dish, that deserves recognition.I've eaten several dishes here and most recently had the chilequile. I've never been disappointed with the food or the warmth of the staff. Kudos for bringing such a great little eatery to my downtown neighborhood.
5	If you find yourself in Downtown Vegas you've got to try eat!  Hippest joint in town!
5	What can I possibly say about this restaurant that would do it any justice. Let me start by saying AWESOME!My wife saw it featured in Sunset magazine. So when we were looking for a decent breakfast option before leaving Vegas to head home, we thought we would give it a try.It is in a small, nondescript location a bit off the strip. Parking can clearly be a challenge but it is available especially if you don't mind walking for a bit. There are a few metered spots right in front. Around the corner, you can park on the street for free. And there is a parking garage a block or two to the west, right on the strip. I do not know whether there was a fee for the garage.The restaurant is small and will get busy early. Most of the tables are intended for parties of 2-4. Plan to wait a while for a table especially if you have a large group. But it is well worth your time.We decided to keep it simple for the first time around. Both my wife and I had the pancakes with chicken apple sausage. As I said before, these were awesome! The pancakes are huge. You may want to check them out before ordering, just to see if you need to split or try a short stack. We had heard a lot about the beignets and were looking forward to trying them. Unfortunately, the restaurant was out of them. I do not know if this is a common occurrence, but it is worth noting if you have your heart set on these. For us, we just have another reason to visit.I highly recommend eat. I do not think you will be disappointed.
5	Hardly find a place like this in Vegas. Trendy, fun, great food, and awesome service. We waited for 45 mins, but you know what... it is worth a wait!! 2 parties came out from the rest and told us this. " It's worth a wait!!!".  And, they let this teenager band playing on Sunday morning, they were great, and better they were given opportunity to perform in public. Good Karma, good energy.
5	Best breakfast downtown. Staff was great! Everything was unique and tasty :)
4	Woke up early looking for a good breakfast spot that wouldn't be filled with blinged out snowbirds, tourists in nascar gear, or dumbasses from Cali sporting their affliction gear.Checked out yelp and was rewarded with this gem.  Short walk from the gold nugget, short wait, nice people.Good breakfast, nice space, great prices. Only downside is no bloody Mary's :-Also, it's nice to be in a building in Vegas that doesn't stink like an ashtray.  Thank you!!
5	Food was So So good!!! Definitely worth leaving the strip to eat here! Hostess was not great though
1	The only place I've ever been to where they seat 3 parties of 6 before my party of 4. I don't mind a little wait but 45 minutes was pushing it and watching groups show up AFTER you've been waiting is unacceptable. I'll Take my business up the street to Dupars inside the golden gate where their pancakes are way better than eats.
4	Awesome breakfast/brunch spot in Fremont district north of the Strip.  Makes me feel like I'm back home in Seattle.  Hipster vibe.  Had the traditional eggs, bacon, potato breakfast.  The potatoes were awesome!  Make sure to rub the potatoes on the sour cream powder on the sides of the dish, very tasty!  Forgot our beignets though :(
4	Seattle meets Vegas.  This was the perfect brunch location for my family visiting from Seattle with the urban eclectic vibe/decor.  As soon as we walked in, we all thought wow this reminds us of a lot of places in Seattle.  The restaurant has a lot of character unlike a lot of the drab boring restaurants off-strip in Vegas.  We went on a Wednesday morning and the place was packed with people.  Service was quick and friendly.  Within the group, we ordered the truffled egg sandwich, two eggs/bacon/chive potatoes, and arugula salad.  The truffled egg sandwich came on a ciabatta bun with mushrooms, eggs, and bacon.  The chive potatoes were delicious and seemed to be sprinkled with some sort of magical sour cream and chives powder.   The bacon was cooked well but didn't leave us wowed.  On the menu, they also have beignets all day and also a breakfast menu until 11am.  The prices were about $10 each, which was extremely reasonable given the amount of food.  The location was just outside of Fremont, perhaps in a slightly sketchy area.  They also have a different menu on weekends, so I'm looking forward to paying them another visit in the future.
5	Hands down the best place in all of Las Vegas to get your breakfast grub on. Everything I've eaten here is amazing. My personal favorites are Shrimp and Grits, Chicken Fried Steak, and the Pancakes!!! I absolutely hate pancakes, but Chef Natalie Young's pancakes literally take the cake.
1	Very bad service. Sat 4 parties after they told me we were next.  Which is OK, but no apology. Sat at our table for 5 minutes before someone acknowledge us. She even checked on the table next to us twice. When it finally came time to order, no decaf coffee and no beignets. Very disappointing after hearing such good things about the place. Won't be back.Update. 5 minutes after I order the chicken fried steak they tell me they are out of that!!!  Ridiculous!!!!!!
5	This place was awesome! Lots of quality food, such as; free range chicken, cage free eggs and coffee responsibly grown. Not a huge menu, but what they do serve is great.They have fresh made beignets, and awesome blt with avacado on sourdough. Coffee was really great.Service was very friendly and took great care of us. You'd never know this from the outside, nothing spectacular to make it stand out. The owner truly impressed me, helped out wherever needed, visited guests and was very calm and welcoming to all.Thanks, for the great Las Vegas experience!
5	I recently tried their Reuben and homemade potato chips. Amazing!! I highly recommend :).
5	Eat is my new favorite downtown venue.  It's located in the more sketchy part of DT, but with good food and good vibes, it's worth the risk.  This venue has plenty of character, reminiscent of either Portland or Frisco spots, but beware, it's first come, first serve.  Prepare yourself for some downtime because it can get pretty busy during lunch hours.  It seems as if they have locked in the perfect spot right behind Container Park for when hipsters, foodies and white collars have an appetite.  The only thing they are missing as far as my concern?  Alcohol.THE MUST TRIES:Veggie BurgerShrimp and GritsBiggnets
5	I am usually too tired for brunch and can't get myself out of bed.  eat. is a good reason to get yourself up in the morning.  I got there 15 minutes after the breakfast menu ended but I was happy that the beignets were served all day.  Beignets with vanilla marscapone and homemade jelly?  Uhmmm yes please!I had the truffled egg sandwich which was omg good!  It is served with wild mushrooms, chives, feta cheese, and potatoes on ciabatta bread.  It was delicious.  It is like an elegant farm breakfast sandwich.  The vibe here is hipster-y without being super pretentious.  I felt like I was in LA but you are actually in downtown LV haha.  This restaurant is a random escape from the grunge of downtown.  I have to give dtown credit though.  There are a lot of cool spots that I need to explore further.  It is like an up and coming neighborhood.  I was impressed by my beignets and egg sandwich.  I need to come back and get blown away a little more by eat.
5	YUM! Love the food at eat. Love the coffee, too!I dream of Natalie's poached eggs. My husband loves the Huevos dish and my son LOVES the pancakes. It's all so good and well worth the wait.
4	Here on holiday for Thanksgiving with family.   Great to get out of the noise and smoke of casino for an nice breakfast  - one that doesn't cater to the masses.   I came alone and sat at the counter and was able to watch the work of the cooks and the staff. All fresh/homemade ingredients, uptone setting, wonderful host that walks the tables to make sure everything is okay.  Very very nice staff.  You can tell the owner/manager works hard to make sure it is a great experience.  I'll be back.
4	would of got 5 but it's very noisy inside. FOOD IS GREAT service comes with a smile!
5	Friendly staff, fun music, spacious table density, pleasant wall art.  Pancakes were huge, ask for extra syrup though.  Chicken fried steak was a bit tough and bland.  3$ soda seemed steep.  Service was awesome.
5	This place is a hidden gem. Whenever I'm traveling, I do my best to avoid chains and to go to the best hole-in-the-wall places I can find. And by "hole-in-the-wall" I don't mean a dive joint (which is still fine), but something that's not a massive restaurant that all the tourists go to, but the locals don't really care too much for... this place fit the bill. It's a small restaurant in Downtown, right underneath/behind an apartment building. It's nice and simply decorated on the inside, very "modern-hipster" (if that's a thing). It's clean though, and that's a major plus for small restaurants. The service is super friendly, my gf is picky but they had no issues fulfilling all of her needs. The food is also really good, I don't remember what we got but it was great. After breakfast my gf asked for some fresh cut strawberries and they brought it out with some dipping sauce, she was absolutely in love and asked for more to take to the hotel. If you're in Vegas, go here.
4	Vegas has needed a farm to table restaurant like this for quite some time now! Seriously, EAT could be found in the hip downtown epicenter of Austin or Seattle, but instead we are lucky enough to have it right here in downtown Las Vegas. The inside is super cute and small! There is a long communal table in the center, which forces you to interact. I love this! Beware it does get pretty crowded around breakfast and lunch time, OK so it's crowded all of the time, but it is worth it. I have been here a couple of times and my major pain point is that they don't serve breakfast all day, I mean they are only open until 3! The pancakes are probably some of the best I have ever eaten. They are slightly crispy around the edges and perfectly fluffy in the middle. You didn't even know that you liked your pancakes crispy along the edges, but you do, trust me, you do! The Beignets are absolutely divine. I want to bathe in the vanilla-scented mascarpone, seriously we almost fought over it. The truffled egg sandwich also has so much more flavor than it advertises, super yummy! I tried a bite of my friend's shrimp and grits and the grits were super bland, no butter, no cheese, no salt. That's the only disappointment I have experienced here. If you happen to be here around lunch time the free range chicken sandwich is delicious and it's always a toss-up between their perfectly fried homemade potato chips or their delectable potato salad. You really can't go wrong!
5	The exterior is more than a bit deceiving. It looks like an accidental restaurant fell into a motel, but don't let that fool ya.  If you don't know to ask about the chicken fried steak, then you are missing out! The pancakes are incredible too! The food is worth paying for parking and the cramped table space. Give it a shot! You won't be disappointed.
2	Had breakfast here....granted I did have the basic eggs & bacon so mine was nothing special. My husband has the shrimp & grits which he said were pretty good~Beignets on the menu...sounded wonderful!! OOOOPS! They don't have them any more. THEN TAKE THEM OFF THE MENU!!! I mean your menu is a typed piece of paper~   The location is good IF your in the Fremont area otherwise i would not make a special trip. Our server was enthusiastic however not a very good server~ Said the coffee was great!! No mention of the brand, AND it isn't good either!, I had toast asked for jam.....he did bring about a tea spoon amount????! And did specify it is made in house......again not great and isn't it customary if toast is served would jelly/jam be included???      It just seemed all odd? Granted the staff was all friendly, maybe since we're not regulars that was the difference. Even the chef/owner came out to the floor....no smile, no acknowledgement to any guests...WTF?
4	Yummy! I love discovering wonderful new places off strip, and eat. was definitely a wonderful new discovery! It came recommended by my roommate as somewhere to try for brunch, so we made it a point to go as our last meal of the trip. The place was definitely busy, and for a group of 4 on a Sunday around noon, it was a good 15-20 minute wait at least? The food was worth it though. The portions are generous and the price is inexpensive! I got the grilled cheese and asked them to shove a side of bacon into it, and they were more than happy to accommodate me! Think 2 huge french toast slides grilled to crispy golden perfection, but still incredibly soft on the inside, with a big pile of crispy bacon with yummy cheddar cheese in the middle! The thing was huge, I only needed half of the sandwich to fill up! It came with a yummy tomato salad on the side, and if you know me, tomatoes, bacon and grilled cheese is possibly the best combination ever. I also tried their pancakes, and for $9 you get 3 huge fluffy pancakes that are serious some of the fluffiest melt in your mouth pancakes I've tasted! Definitely worth the price!Staff are friendly and the restaurant is dog friendly too! Love love love!
4	Stopped by here for lunch with my dad and I was very impressed.  I love little hole in the wall places like this.  The exterior isn't the greatest obviously because of it's downtown location, but once you step inside it's like you're in a whole different area.  The restaurant is cute and very well decorated right up my alley.  Once we stepped in we were greeted and seated right away, there were alot of people from law offices and downtown restaurants eating there on their lunch.I decided to try the Truffled Egg Sandwich although everything sounded really good.  The sandwich consisted of eggs, feta, mushrooms, chives, and bacon on ciabatta bread.  They also served it with a side of Chive potatoe's.  I have a thing about feeling sick after eating too much eggs but I had no problem finishing this sandwich.I'm very excited that I have found another good spot downtown near my job!  I can't wait to try everything else on the menu.
5	The place is very cute and personal unlike many things in Vegas. They serve organic very good coffee. The food presentation is beautiful and the pancakes are to die for. It also appears that their owner is very involved. She was helping out the staff. The table are well spaced out abd the place is very clean and taken care off. Great :)
2	Started off looking promising but poor service and cold food sent our experience spiraling downward. Chicken fried steak was fried way too long and seemed to have been plated out from under heat lamps, making it a barely warm dry mass of over-breaded mystery meat. As a forced substitute for the beignets which are not on the (just printed on plain white paper) menu for the winter, the cinnamon biscuits with berries were good, but again, the biscuits were cold and this fell apart like dry cake. And, staying with the theme, even the coffee was luke warm. Maybe the hipsters are going too far with projecting the Coolness into everything.
5	Art on the walls.Art on the plates.I sat at the bar in front of the kitchen. I wanted a bite of everything I saw head out.Def a must-eat if you're anywhere in or around Vegas.
5	My visit to "eat" was as much an experience, as it was a meal. I had heard the chicken fried steak was awesome, so when our Friday morning Breakfast Club opted to check it out, I was pumped. I was really hoping my excited anticipation wasn't setting me up for disappointment. Located at 7th and Carson, this delight of a dining establishment is part of what is rapidly becoming a revitalized downtown and put off a trendy and hip vibe. I was anxious to read all about the chicken fried steak, but much to my dismay, it was not on the menu. What now? I had my heart set on CFS. No worries. They still have it. You just have to ask. It was, up to this point, the best chicken fried steak I've had in Vegas. It had a flavor like no other, and I have yet to figure out what it was. The tender, tasty meat was surrounded by the ultimate breading. The potatoes were cooked to perfection and the eggs, well, they were just eggs. However, there is something they do with a pancake that words cannot do justice. Thick and hearty, with just enough crispiness around the edges. The service was friendly and attentive, with the beverages kept at the optimum level for consumption during the meal. Our party was split down the middle on the coffee. Some were impressed, while others weren't big fans of their joe. Expect to pay a little more, but it is well worth. Will I return? You betcha!
4	My stomach was hungry and my hopes were high when we stopped at eat. for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We waited 15 minutes for a table, which wasn't bad, but after that we waited even longer before someone finally took our order... After waiting even more time we finally received our food and thankfully it was worth the wait. The Huevos motelenos was vey good and had an excellent flavor and the pancakes were fluffy and delicious with rich, maple syrup. If the service had been better eat. would be a solid five stars.
2	I live downtown so it gives me no pleasure to say this but eat is the most tragically over-hyped restaurant in the city. I think people like the story more than the food--they have to. Local strip chef hooks up with downtown project, opens original concept in an up-and-coming part of "new downtown"...it just works. Add to the story a cool space, friendly/hip wait staff, and an intriguing soul-foody menu--it's a perfect combo. What everyone seems happy to overlook, though, is the shockingly mediocre quality of the food. This is classic over-promise/under-deliver territory. The shrimp and grits are soupy and bland. The truffled egg sandwich is a travesty of over-cooked eggs, slapped together mushrooms--a two dimensional card trick. The public has for some curious reason been swooning over fried dough served with a sliced-in-half strawberry. Smoke and mirrors, folks. Eat is testimony to just how powerful the desire for a place to be great exceeds it's actual greatness. It's not all terrible. The coffee is tasty. I enjoyed a po boy once. But the food is simply average and in no way justifies the national attention this place receives. The cooks are not in command of salt or technique; the dishes are just flimsy. I so wanted to love this place, and I still champion the forces and reasons that gave birth to it, I just don't care to eat there. The food is fine. It's average. But it in no way rises to the level of the restaurant's fame. MTO is already better. Let eat continue to be a hub of attention and activity, but let's stop pretending its because of the food.
5	Adorable little eatery in downtown. Love eating off strip and super love it when it's amazing. This melrose-style place serves up some serious grub. The decor is adorable, unique, slightly hipster. The people keep it real and give honest opinions about their menu- which is short and sweet. Their food is clean, simple, but with tastes that meld together in a satisfying manner. The cinnamon sugar biscuits and fresh fruit compote were so amazing. The biscuits were light and fluffy, with cinnamon sugar crunchies on the bottom. The fruit was perfectly saucy, not overly sweet, with tons of fresh fruit and powdered sugar sprinkled on top. Bread is thick cut (no joke) and fluffy. Chicken fried steak is well seasoned and cooked. The potatoes that come w it are perfect and seasoned so well. Tomato soup is yummmmmmmmmm. Pickles are great. Pancakes are so fluffy and light. I'm normally not a pancake eater but these were amazing!!! The syrup is real syrup and the eggs were cooked perfectly to order. I have way too many good things to say about this place! But to sum it up, new favorite Vegas bfast spot. I'm reluctant to spread the word but it must be done. It does get super crowded on the weekends! Get there before 10am and you'll be happy. Service is great!!!Must try's- biscuits and fresh fruit, tomato soup, country potatoes, pancakes.
5	First time eating here and the food was amazing!! The customer service was spectacular!! Definitely a place to go!!
2	Let me start off saying the food is amazing . If it wasn't for the owner I would have given it a 5 star. We get there with a party of 5 . As soon as we get there we notice 2 table for 2 are open we also notice the owner is sitting at the only 6 top table with another guest. In so we wait and we wait and we wait . The host went up to her 3 times telling her that there are customers waiting hat need that table and she didn't even move. Three different party's of 5 or more came a left because the wait was going to be so long and being that there were  tables for 2 open she wouldn't even move. The worse part was when her and her guest were done eating and he left she sat there by herself on a table for 6 doing paperwork for another 30 min. Me and my husband would have left I'd it wasn't for our kids wanting to eat there. We will never go back and in fact 2 people have asked us about the place and we told them we wouldn't recommend it. Simply because the owner just doesn't care. The host apologized for the owner and after the 4 the request she finally moved. Take your money to a small Bussiness where the owner appreciates your Bussiness.
5	Chic eatery in downtown.  I love the food everything is so fresh and clean.  I had the shrimp and grits never had grits before but I went with it because our server recommend it and boy was it good so was everything else our table had.  Nothing was a disappointment.  This will be our come to spot for breakfast when we are in town.
5	This place is awesome. I've been coming to Vegas for years and have struggled to find a good breakfast place, so glad to have finally found one in eat. Loved the "off the menu" Chicken Fried Steak and the coffee is the best. Look forward to coming back for more...
5	Eat was a perfect Sunday brunch with the family. I wish I could pack this wonderful little restaurant into my suitcase and bring it back to Oklahoma City with me! We love our brunch in OKC. It was crowded on a Sunday morning, but fortunately, my uncle, living right around the corner, had the foresight to put our name in an hour before we intended to be there. When I arrived, my Mimi and I were greeted with wonderful coffee and plates of deliciously gooey and warm berry-covered biscuits. I ordered the shrimp and grits, sans bacon pieces, while my family ordered the chicken-fried steak. My shrimp and grits was phenomenal, especially paired with the sourdough toast served with the meal. Within the shrimp and grits were two fried eggs that were cooked perfectly to my specification. Each bite was an explosion of flavor that my tongue begged for more. ;) Everyone in my party was pleased with their meal -- my uncle mentioned that the cut of meat was a little tough, but still good. Again, I recommend this place for anyone wanting to get off the Strip and experience another side of Vegas. Please come here. Your taste buds will thank you.
5	Golden brown pancakes, best pancakes in Vegas. Beats the pants off of chains like IHop and Denny's. I also had a side of chived smashed potatoes, also very good.  Service was excellent. Warning: They do not have sugar free syrup! I was eating here post workout, so I didn't mind having the simple sugar from their pure maple syrup. This is a great spot. Would make the drive to eat here again.
5	Came to Eat. for the time today. Best damn Corned Beef Hash I ever had!!! No beignets though, sad :-( Great atmosphere, service was great!!
5	Hands down the best meal and value I ate in Vegas during my two days. It's a simple spot with all the yummy, wholesome and perfectly crafted good you could ask for. My shrimp and grits was perfection. The bacon they use (in my meal and a few others on my table) was the best I've had in ages. They didn't charge for soda water, which I always order and hate being charged for. Loved this place and we went to container park when we were don't. Downtown is really coming along and I hope this spot will stills be in business when I make it back
2	I have never felt the urge to write a review before, but I've noticed that Eat has more positive reviews than it deserves, while most of the negative reviews are buried in the "not recommended" section although they paint pictures similar to my experience.The atmosphere is nice, but the service and food are mediocre at best. My party of 3 arrived and were met with a line where no one had been asked for names or the number of people in their party yet. The hostess milled around and offered no explanation. We waited 30 minutes even though there were several empty tables. Again, the hostess offered no explanation. A party of two who came in after three other parties of two-three people was seated prior to us because they asked to sit at the counter (which was never offered as an option to the parties who arrived before). Once the food came, the hostess approached and asked if we needed boxes for our food before we'd taken a collective five bites. We waited about thirty minutes for our check after asking two different people: this was weird because they obviously needed the table...
5	Went here on New Year's Day and so happy we did! The website said it stopped serving breakfast at 11 but since it was a holiday they had a special menu until 2. I had the shrimp and grits and my husband had the chicken fried steak. They were both amazing but the shrimp and grits took the cake! The shrimp were huge and meaty and the sauce with the over easy eggs were to die for. The chicken fried steak had an awesome spice to the breading and was cooked perfectly! The only downfall to this place was no alcohol. Probably didn't need it on New Year's Day! The coffee was outstanding and the passion fruit ice tea was great! It was not sweet but really good. Would come back and try the truffle egg sandwich next time!
5	Wow, if you can make it out here, you have to, at least for breakfast.  We got the chilequiles and the pancakes, both dishes were excellent.  The pancakes had a great texture, served with maple syrup, and were massive...what else do you want?  oh some sausage, yeah it comes with that too.Now about that sausage that came with both dishes, some of the best sausage I've ever tasted, if you like it a little sweet.  The chilequiles you just have to try, so many contrasting flavors and textures that I just can't put into words...Too bad it's a car ride away from the strip, but maybe that just means you can eat here without a crazy wait.  And the portions are very generous, don't plan on eating lunch after breakfast here.
3	I really enjoy eating here, and have tried many selections on the menu, from the pancacks to the oesole, and most everything on the menu.  I have enjoyed every thing i ate, but the menu is getting a little boring.  I really wish there were some new menu items added or changed.  The food is excellent, and it would be wonderful to try some different options, as I'm sure they will be delicious as well.
5	A little off the beaten path but only by a block. Truffle egg sandwich was incredible! And the potatoes were so well flavored you didn't need to add ketchup or hot sauce. Just an all around great dining experience.
4	Had lunch here for the first time. One of the best Reuben sandwiches I've ever had, friendly staff, and simply a quaint and cozy little restaurant. Have to go back for breakfast to try their pancakes! I only gave it 4 stars since I haven't tried breakfast yet. Will post another review then.:)
4	The family and I decided to go here for brunch. It was my first time there and it's a cute little place with a fairly inviting atmosphere. I had the Huevos Motulenos and it was fantastic. There is an interesting mix of flavors within it but they all work very well. We also ordered the pancakes. I am not a pancake person, however those were very tasty and I would order them again. I will definitely be back!
5	Perfect meal! Fresh ingredients, extremely nice staff, cool atmosphere, fair prices. Well worth the trip off the Strip. Hidden gem!
4	Killer cool local place that is the best any day of the week. If your not feeling well the grilled cheese and tomato soup cures all illnesses. The organic cranberry juice is alps really good. Cool atmosphere very laid back great service. If you have a sweet tooth the biscuits are the best in town.
5	Amazing!  The highlight of our Vegas trip.  The truffled egg sandwich is incredible.  Good coffee too.
5	It is hard to eat like a local in a place as tourist-centric as Las Vegas. But when my wife and I learned about this place from Yelp, we realized that it would give us a great meal and a respite from the oppressively bright lights and loud noises of Tourist Las Vegas.Everything is fresh, the staff is friendly and the prices keep the regulars (I'm certain they have many) happy. I opted for a Veggie Burger, which was fantastic. But everything else I saw come out of the kitchen looked similarly delicious.If I lived in the area, I'd go all the time. But, alas, I'm just a tourist, except for those few minutes at eat.
5	We had Sunday brunch here and everything was fantastic. This is the place where the locals eat in Vegas. The vibe was hipster-ish, but homey and the service was super efficient. Entrees were FRESH and delicious! We followed up with a visit to The Container Park and The Mob Museum. There are some interesting things happening in Downtown Las Vegas. Good to get away from the madness of the Strip for a few hours. If nothing else, you should definitely eat at eat!
2	The first thing you must know before eating here is not to come here on an empty stomach. I showed up on Sunday morning and waited between 30-45 minutes to get a table for two. The hosts were friendly and kept us up-to-date about the status of our table. Unfortunately, when we finally got our table, our server wasn't as helpful. He had zero sense of urgency and didn't do a good job of remembering our order. A second and a half after we ordered, another employee came back to double check our drink order, which was all wrong. Our food, which was good, was unceremoniously slammed down on the table moments later. I ordered the huevos motulenos and they were great, but not good enough to make up for the bad service. We kept having to ask for things like ketchup, even though there were potatoes on both of our plates. My friend had to ask for a coffee refill twice. These seem like basics the average IHOP waitress can do. Why can't downtown's "hippest" breakfast place do the same?What ultimately convinced me not to go back was when the check was delivered. A little note from management was included telling patrons that Eat does NOT split checks because they're so "busy." I just don't think that's good customer service, and I think it's a lie. They probably don't want to pay two credit card fees per check when they can pay one. Eat, this is Las Vegas. Excellent customer service is expected. Furthermore, who do you think you are, Joel Robuchon? Your food is not that good and the restaurant is not a place I would take out-of-town guests or even go back to. They don't serve alcohol, so you won't be able to wash down the bitter taste of bad customer service with a mimosa. Don't waste your time people. Brunch elsewhere.
5	From the street I would have never guessed this Unique Eat would be so rock star. The place is casual with many regulars of all kinds. I loved how some were very dressed up while others were casually brunching. This was my first time and I felt like the other diners were repeat customers for sure.   The decor is Up-Cycle cool and comfortable. We ordered the Shrimp and Grits, Pancakes, Spicy Egg Dish (sorry I forgot the name), and Chicken Fried Steak. I can not stop thinking about the Chicken Fried Steak!  It is so perfectly crispy, flavorful, and FRESH!Everything was fantastic. The coffee was so good we had to take a bag home with us. The Chef and Owner made it a point to check in with us and ensure everything was wonderful. I don't live in Vegas, but I can not wait to visit EAT again. A +!
4	Checked this place out with my boyfriend after he had read about it online as well as getting good recommendations from friends.The menu was small but everything looked really good.  I ended up choosing the free range chicken sandwich with house made potato chips.  Everything tasted so good and fresh.  Really enjoyed the food there and would definitely go back.
4	Yay for an update with an added star! If you read my initial 3 star review, I said I will return in hopes that the breakfast is above average. Well it was, and again the owner/chef was very much involved. I sat solo at the breakfast bar. I enjoy this because the kitchen is in clear view and you can see everything that's going on. Including communication and hustle of the staff. The girl who cooked my food even came over after to make sure I enjoyed, and suggested something for next time. I LOVE THE INVOLVEMENT!! From everyone!! But anyway on to the food! First off, the don't have beignets anymore, boo :(They were fresh and perfect and the mascarpone cheese (that is also a goner) went perfect with the bread and raspberry preserves. Instead they do offer a raison cinnamon bread. I passed because I had my heart set on something else. By suggestion of the waitress I went with the ever so popular Huevos  Motulenos. It is a mix of fried eggs, green and red chili, bananas, black beans, peas, and feta served on top of a corn tortilla. I loved this dish. The chili alone was wonderful and had just the perfect amount of spice and flavor. It also blended real well with the other ingredients. I wasn't a huge fan of the banana, but I do not really eat bananas anyway, so no shocker there. I could see how it accompanies the dish for those who do enjoy them.I was told next time try to truffle eggs, which I intend to do. Also, the orange juice was great. Some may not make a big deal about that, but a big glass of fresh OJ with a filling breakfast hits the spot! It is great to see the success of this place downtown, and I will continue to be a customer and a fan!
5	I love breakfast joints and finding somewhere near North Las Vegas with a good reputation that's not part of some international chain. It was my first time here and I came with two friends. I was expecting a rush at 830am but we were seated right away and they even had a little awkward table for a group of three. I thought that was really cute. The service was great. Drinks and food came out quickly. The waitress made sure we were satisfied with our food but didn't come around often enough to make it annoying. They had a smile on their faces and made me feel like they genuinely wanted us to enjoy our time. The owner was sitting out in the diner overlooking the operation of the restaurant and even pointing the staff to make sure things were getting done. I add this to point out the hard work and diligence that goes on at 'eat.'We started off with the strawberry compote and it was amazing. It disappeared in all of five minutes. (Split this with a couple people before your meal. You will not regret it.) The berries were so fresh and so were the biscuits.  The orange juice is fresh and a bit pricey. I had the Downtown Benedict. The poached eggs were perfect. I loved everything about this place and plan on taking others with me. It is a little pricey. But you will come out of there very satisfied.
4	Great eatery downtown. Local vibe. Big portions of great food. Be ready for a wait because it is the place for excellent food.
5	A co-worker told me about eat. being an amazing place for brunch a couple of months ago, so I made it a point to try it out this past winter break.  I came here with my husband at around 11:00 on a weekday and easily found metered street parking.  When we walked it we were greeted warmly by staff and seated within five minutes.  I love the hip atmosphere and decorations.  It was such a fun environment to be in and you could see the owner going around to tables and meeting with customers. Our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs so these three dishes were way too much for us, but Yay for yummy left overs later!  Here is what we ordered:Chilaquiles scrambled eggs - The sausage on this dish was savory and sweet and amazing.  The sausage was my favorite part of the dish.  The meat was halved and rested on a bead of eggs, cheese, salsa, and chips.  The salsa wasn't my favorite because it was a bit to smokey in flavoring for my taste.  Overall it wasn't a bad dish, but I'll likely explore other things on the menu before in re-order this dish.Truffled egg sandwich - I can totally see why this dish is so popular on Yelp.  It was amazing!  The eggs, the bacon (and I'm not even a bacon person, the ciabatta bread, and the potatoes.  I highly recommend this for first times to eat.  It will definitely be a great introduction to the food at eat.Short Stack - The best pancakes I have ever had.  They were super thick and fluffy and mind blowing.  A short stack comes with two 1/2 inch pancakes, topped with lots of powdered sugar, with jarred maple syrup on the side.  If you have a sweet tooth this is a must!!!When friends and family come and visit in the future, I will definitely bring them here for brunch.
4	After knowing the Chef's previous creations at PJ Clarke's I was looking forward to a restaurant where she could do everything her own way. I am glad to say her way is the right way. I love everything about Eat. from the restaurants decor and location. Both suggest an approachability and made me feel that this was somewhere where I can be myself. The menu, as many have stated before, is not that big but I'd rather have a small menu of amazing choices than a huge encyclopedia of a menu with minimal choices. The menu were pages attached to a clipboard, another show on how unpretentious but subtly creative this restaurant is, and cater majority to Brunch items. All menu items, I was happy to read on the bottom of the menu, are bought locally and I could tell by how fresh everything was. I ordered the Truffled Egg Sandwich which was suggested on Eater Vegas and the portion was bigger than I expected. It's eggs, bacon, mushrooms and feta cheese on ciabatta bread and it had a side of chive potatoes and a strawberry.  Everything was cooked to perfection! Overall, food was phenomenal and staff was friendly and efficient. The decor was nature meets industrial meets modern. There's a food counter available if you're alone and prefer to eat quickly while on a lunch break. Check out the art at the entrance of the restaurant which feature aspiring young artists which I thought was a great move on Chef Natalie Youngs part because she knows personally how great a helping hand is so that you can fully realize your dream and with this restaurant I can say without a doubt her dream has came into fruition. I'll be back again.
5	I loved eat!!! My frustration was to go there and eat the country fried chicken breakfast. Understanding that breakfast ends at 11, we arrived at 10:35 and were told there was a 10 minute wait. That wait turned into 30 minutes, and when I finally was sat, the server and manager were unwilling to grant me the breakfast item I ever so craved.Not there fault though! The food was so damn good!!!
4	My boyfriend and I came to eat some delicious food and we were definitely not let down. I had looked up the menu earlier to make sure they had vegetarian options and I saw a few that sounded awesome, so we went. My boyfriend ordered the shrimp and grits and said "it was my first time ever trying shrimp and grits and I'm glad I tried it at E.A.T." They were butterflied shrimp that looked gorgeous!I ordered the Huevos Motulenos and I am so flippin happy I did. Seriously, I could eat this dish every day. They use bananas instead of plantains so it's a bit sweeter but it works well with the spice of the salsas on top. The potatoes that came on the side were massive and so yummy. I devoured the huge breakfast and would do it again and again and againnnn. I am actually salivating thinking about it right now.The only reason I gave a 4 star rating was because our server didn't check on us as much as I'd like. I understand not bothering people while eating, but there was a little while that we went without drinks. Nothing too major, I would definitely come back! I plan to soon... :}
5	Great find. Not something you might pick from walking by. The interior is clean and bright. Better yet the food is outstanding. Went with my brother. He said the Shrimp and Grits were outstanding. The waitress said her favorite was the Corned Beef Hash so I got that and he got the Shrimp and Grits. Mine was very good but his was outstanding. He had pity on me and let me have quite a bit. I live in the south and never had ones that good. I highly recommend this place.
5	This is our second time here and the food was fabulous both times! I know the place is clean because there were three health inspectors having lunch at the bar (and yes they paid!). This is the new place we will bring all of our friends and family.
5	Great food and great service. Stripped down decor is appropriate. Place was jam packed and kitchen was slow, but servers were warm and attentive so it didn't matter. Eggs Benny were possibly best I've had. 42 for good coffee, fresh OJ, and three dishes between two people. Good value, great job.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat and take friends! The inside is beautiful and comfortable. The location is right in the heart of downtown and across from Container Park. I have taken a few friends here and they have taken their friends here after their first visit.  The menu is so creative and delicious. Try it for yourself. PROS: Shrimp & Grits             Killer Grilled Cheese             Eggs Benedict             Coffee (it's a special label)
2	Brad T. and I were looking for a place to eat around downtown and I checked yelp to see what was nearby and saw "EAT" with such high reviews.  Of course, we decided to come eat here! We went on a Saturday morning and it was quite pack, which was okay since I had time to read yelp reviews while we were waiting. I was getting really excited to try their food here and especially when I read that they had beignets!....We got seated and I overheard a waitress saying that they did NOT have beignets due to the fact that the cold weather was not letting the beignets rise properly. ( I was so so disappointed!)  But it was okay, I was still really excited to eat their food!What we ordered:Country Fried Steak (2.5): Unfortunately, I only took a few bites of this, so I cannot review it the best that I can.  However, the chicken fried steak was incredibly dry and I felt like it needed more flavor in it.  The potatoes were good though. Shrimp & Grits (3): I, also took only a few bites of this as well because I was also pretty disappointed how it tasted like. Maybe because i didn't like the fact that my bacon was soaked with grits.  But the shrimp tasted delicious and I like how it almost seemed like it was a soup, but it wasn't.  I didn't end up finishing it, Brad T. though finished it for me.Pancake (5): BEST PANCAKE I HAVE EVER TASTED! I absolutely loved it! I love how the top its crispy golden brown. Once you taken a bite of it, oh man! it its absolutely incredible! I highly recommend anyone to order their pancakes!Service (2): The service was upsetting to say the least.  I understand that they are busy, but at least just come back to our table at least one time. After our server took our order he never ever came back to check up on us.  For instance, I forgot to ask for maple syrup with my pancakes, so I couldn't eat it until I had to wait for a server to look straight at me so I can wave at them. Overall, the service was just really upsetting.  The only time he came back was to give us our check. Overall (2):  Even though, I loved their pancakes the rest of my experience there was just disappointing.  However, I would like to come back and give them another chance.
5	Highly recommend!! Everything I have tried has been amazing however, once I ordered the shrimp and grits I have not been able to order anything else.
4	One of the first places I think about visiting when I am up & early, and hungry. It's just wholesome, fresh food done right with a comforting feel and a refreshingly hip, clean decor. An unexpected surprise that is unique for the downtown area.  I almost always go for their short stack of buttermilk pancakes served with your own little jar of real maple syrup. Fluffy, creamy, sweet, homey goodness. Some of the best I've had. Hopefully more variation and play with the recipe in the future. Truffled egg sandwich is amazing. Soft fresh bread, sub style with the most decadent but lightest scrambled eggs, bacon, mushrooms etc. A must try. Also comes with seasoned home fries. Tomato salad is refreshing and light. Might just change your mind about the flavor tomatoes can posses. Other items to check out-Corned beef hash, biscuits with fresh strawberry compote/ fresh fruit.My only con would be that some menu items aren't available from time to time, maybe due to acquiring fresh product? (Paper & clipboard menu) I've also tried some other items that often miss the mark on just flavor.  Service from the lady's is great. Always on point and genuinely attentive. Nice, knowledgeable, caring. Parking may be a little ways away and most often, pay to park.
5	The food was amazing. I had the privilege if meeting the owner and she is great. I definitely will be back. Such a great addition to downtown.
4	I went here for Sunday Brunch (which f.y.i. is a slightly different menu). Prepare to wait a bit, a sign of any good restaurant. They were out of the corned beef hash so I got the pancakes instead with a chicken apple sausage. I'm not usually a sweet breakfast type of person ....rather savory instead. However, these pancakes were AMAZING! I hold pancakes at a high standard because of a place back home that's been around before my grandmother dined there (Liliha Bakery, Hawaii).  The three pancakes are thick and fluffy,  have a golden crust on the outside and a very soft, moistness on the inside. Big bonus: they serve them with real maple syrup.....not that imitation fake corn syrup stuff. I will be coming back for these again!
5	Fantastic place for breakfast! The Huevo Motelenos were warm and filled the palate with Mexican flavored and spices with just enough heat. The shrimp and grits was phenomenal!
1	Bad attitude and bad policy overrides any kind of food here. No coffee while waiting - that's a first at a brunch place. Curt responses to EVERY question with a bit of pretentiousness that makes me say, "What did I do wrong?"  Perhaps Vegas is not used to brunch culture.  I cannot recommend this place unless you wanted to be treated like you're not welcome and they don't want your business.
1	I haven't sit down to eat the food yet and I'm already disappointed with the service. The curt responses from the person seating guests and not offering the same seating opportunity is terrible. Just a basic courtesy that I would expect was missing. The food was just ok. I recommend the sweet biscuits but didnt love huevos motulenos I ordered. It tasted weird with the bananas in it. I will never visit this place again.
4	Been hearing lots of good stuff about Eat, so I decided to see what all the fuss was about. My only regret is that I waited this long. The food was delicious and flavorful. The owner even came out and checked on us. The only complaint is the noise level. Its all hard surfaces so everything echos. I would use a sound reduction acoustical material on the ceiling.  We will be back.
3	Eat has wonderful food. I think the breakfast menu is superior to the lunch menu. There are only 2 reasons I don't come here more often:1. The place is regularly busy, which is fine considering it's a tasty and cozy place to eat. However, the soundproofing is nonexistent and it gets so loud that you can't have a conversation without having to raise your voice. Not my preferred atmosphere.2. They need to serve breakfast after 11 on weekdays, it's too good to take off the menu when other places are serving breakfast all day. I really like  being able to order breakfast for lunch.
5	Hip diner feel that you'd expect to see in Los Angeles. Lots of people coming here from the local law offices and downtown businesses. Good coffee. Good hearty breakfast if that's what you seek. This spot is a fantastic alternative to the restaurants you'll find attached to a casino downtown. Make a reservation!
5	Hands down the best breakfast restaurant in Las Vegas.We drive 35 mins to have breakfast at this location.  The owner/chef has tremendous food pride in her menu and establishment.  She has an amazing sense of savory and texture and of course chooses to serve up high quality ingredients to her patrons. Whether you order Shirmp and Grits, Benedict or just plain old eggs, you will be served up the most delicious morning experience of  'wonderfulness'.The atmosphere has an urban/rustic feel to it with a splash vintage elegance.  My only complaint is that  EAT is not open for dinner -- serving breakfast.  lol.Parking is off street, easy and convenient. It isn't uncommon to see the proprietor enjoying fresh air seated on the bench in front of this gem of a restaurant.
5	My new favorite breakfast restaurant of all time! Everything tasted amazing and was well priced. Two complaints:1. My stomach wasn't big enough2. It's going to be a LONG drive from CA when I crave their food Do yourself and your taste buds a favor and go "eat." here! See what I did there?!
5	As good as you've heard.  Bloody noisy though.
4	Swanky breakfast/lunch place downtown. I would say brunch HOWEVER we all know the quintessential brunch item is a mimosa... They don't have this.So! The PIC & I ventured through the urban jungle that is DTLV & walked in. We were promptly greeted by the hostess and seated. Browsed through the menu, and got the cinnamon strawberry biscuits. WOW order these, you will not be disappointed. For the main entrees we got the truffled egg sandwich. Yum, really good & the chive potatoes that accompany their breakfast dishes are on point. The grilled cheese with tomato bisque is delish as well. Why not 5 stars? Service can be improved just a bit & some of their more popular items (the chicken fried steak) should be available all day. Nonetheless, I will be back.
3	This popular, new DT nook reminds me of a trendy NYC brunch hangout. It's not so much the food or the decor that causes me to reminisce, it's the fact that this place has limited seating, excess patrons, and folks will wait a long time for a table even though there are other good restaurants within walking distance.If you're dining alone, you can plant yourself at the counter almost immediately. If you're with a group. The wait can be as long as 45 mins, and unlike Hash-House-a-Go-Go, which also always has a long wait, they don't have a pager to give you and you can't just sashay up to the bar while you wait for a table.I will tell you, these guys really care about their customers.  When I received my Downtown Benedict (one of their signature dishes) I found that the poached eggs were hard boiled.  I didn't even complain, but the manager noticed a look of disappoint on my face and rushed in and had the dish re-fired.The Benedict was not bad. I picked up a slightly off-putting vinegar flavor from it.  There was probably too much vinegar in the poaching liquor.  The side of skillet-grilled potatoes was pretty good (fresh not frozen). Hollandaise sauce had a smooth, creamy texture. All ingredients tasted fresh, and the plating and presentation was, as I like to say, "pretty." I would recommend Eat. It may not blow you away, but it's a decent breakfast haven.  Just be aware of the wait and the noise.
4	Fantastic!!!!  Very friendly staff and the food was insane.  The pancakes are easily the best I have ever had in Vegas.  They have a guitar up front that you can jam on also which was cool!!! Awesome breakfast!
4	Pleasant fare at a fair price. I ate lunch here twice in three days if that's any indicator. It's a short walk on a nice day from old Vegas. #1 was the BLT with avocado and chicken-chili soup. Lunch #2 was a simple breakfast. The bacon in both instances  was memorable but everything, including the service, was consistently good. None of my dining companions had anything negative to say about their meals either.
1	Waited for over an hour and a half then finally  told the chef was no longer seating anyone!  Boo!
1	Terrible. Waited over an hour and service was extremely bad. Not worth the wait. Go to MTO!!!
5	This is our new favorite breakfast place. Try the biscuits and warm strawberry compote, so good!  The staff are very friendly and helpful and the service is fast.
4	Found eat through Yelp and headed there on a Sunday morning. It's in downtown at the corner of 7th and Carson, right across from the relatively new Container Store Park. There is plenty of 2-hour street parking which is free on Sunday. At 10 am, there were a handful of people waiting, so we put our name down for a 20-minute wait. It took a little longer than that, but the staff was very nice and thanked us profusely for waiting and being patient. The place has a modern feel to it, you would almost think you were Santa Monica as opposed to being about 10 minutes from the Strip. We were seated at a table for two at the end of the counter high table in the middle. The tables were all far apart enough from each other where you didn't feel overcrowded. I ordered the eggs benedict and K had the corned beef. I loved mine because the turkey bacon it came with what super extra crispy just the way I like. There was a little too much hollandaise sauce for me but for those who like a lot, then you'll love this! My potatoes were booked perfectly with the right amount of crisp (to me they are the perfectors of a nice crisp!) and the portion was plenty filling for $13. K liked his corned beef but it wasn't the traditional kind you might think of, this one had real pieces of meat. And it came with four pieces of super thick delicious Texas toast. It was a great breakfast especially if you're planning on hanging around in the downtown area. We went across the street to check out the container park and walk off breakfast.
1	Ate here once about a month ago. I thought the food was great so I decided to return for lunch with friends. Arrived and the wait was 1 hour. That's fine no problem. Waited 1.5 hours then the hostess told me the chef said not to seat us. Don't you think they should have told us that before we waited over an hour. This place is very popular but it won't be for long if they do this to people.
4	Delicious food, great service, and Chef Natalie was there managing the front of the house. I was disappointed that the 2 things I wanted to order were not on the menu that day (the beignets and the truffled egg sandwich). I had the downtown benedict which was delicious and the side of potatoes were actually crispy not soggy! My husband had scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast. The sourdough toast was thick cut, buttery and delicious. My son got the pancakes which by far out shined everything. The pancakes were the best I've ever had, and I am not a pancake person. I have not had pancakes in years. I prefer waffles because I like a crunchy outside with a tender middle and pancakes are usually just soggy sponges. But these pancakes were absolutely amazing. They were crispy on the edges and so fluffy in the middle. The flavor was perfect - buttery and light, just needed a dab of maple syrup. I could not stop taking bites from my son's plate. Luckily, he could only eat 2, so I could eat as much of the 3rd one as I wanted to. This dish has made me rediscover pancakes!We also had the strawberry cinnamon sugar biscuits. The biscuits were nice and tender but the strawberry sauce which was poured all over everything was too sweet and overpowered everything. I would have preferred a side of the strawberry sauce to dip the biscuits instead of it being dumped all over.For a small place, it gets quite loud. It gets crowded too so expect a wait. The wait is worth it though, especially for those pancakes!
4	I was slightly disappointed. EVERYONE and their moms have been raving about this place via all sorts of social media channels. The concept is wonderful. I love the location, decor, the art. I REALLY want to fall in love with this spot. I had Sunday Brunch here. The wait was long... but I was ready for it. After all only the best food attract the longest lines. I have high hopes when we finally get seated. The menu was uniquely standard - your basic breakfast items with their own flavor. But the moment of truth when my order Downtown Eggs Benedict was about to approach my mouth.... ehh. I wasn't blown away by the taste - I didn't grin in happiness with how tasty my food was. It was just alright. I will try again in hopes that I just had a rough day.
5	So I'm gonna be super cliche and give this place 5 stars. Well deserved of course! Arriving early is a must. We went right before 11am the Monday after SuperBowl and boy did that place fill up quick in the next 10 minutes. We were seated immediately but if we came any later, we would have been waiting for 45 minutes. I ordered the truffled egg sandwich and my buddy had the huevo motulenos, both of which were excellent. Perfect hangover food.
3	So other than this being one if the most expensive bfasts I've ever had, it was good, but not worth all the hype imho.The staff was great, courteous, and attentive and other than me getting chives on my sandwich after asking for none, I had no issue.I was disappointed that they have a somewhat limited bfast menu during the week (no eggs benedict) and they discontinued the beignets, which were the two things I specifically came for, thus the docked star.The coffee was good and they have Truvia which is a def plus. I got the truffled egg sandwich, which was surprisingly bland for $12 and could have used some cheese or something for flavor. I made my own concoction of syrup and tabasco, which I know sounds completely weird, but is absolutely delicious! The chive potatoes were also a little too much on the greasy side for my liking.The stars of the morning bfast show were the cinnamon butter strawberry compote biscuits, which were amazing if not pricey @$8 for four. Maybe it was the fresh blackberries? In any case, I don't know that I'd go back as you have to pay for street parking and it is in kind of a shady sectionof DT. But, I did enjoy what I did experience for the pretty penny it cost.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place! I went in on my own one morning. I chose to sit by the window cause I wasn't sure if my back would allow me to sit on a bar stool. Even though I really wanted to watch the action I ended up enjoying my view of downtown.First of all Eat has the friendliest staff! From the moment I walked in to the moment I walked out the door everyone was helpful and really nice. The service was spot on. They never let my tasty cup of coffee get empty and even brought me more cream.It was hard to pick what I wanted from their menu because everything sounded so good! I decided on the corn beef hash. I was glad I did!! It came with chunks of meat and potatoes perfectly cooked with green onions. On top was the best looking two poached eggs I've ever seen! I broke them open and let all the yummy yellow yolkie goodness melt over my hash. It also came with some tasty toast that I could not resist eating one piece of. Definitely was an excellent meal to start the day.Eat is a little pricey, but for the quality, taste and service it's more then worth it! I'll be back again to try something off their lunch menu! Yay for Eat!
5	This is hands down the best place I've been too ever!!! Love the diversity, the atmosphere and the food was delicious. Definitely my new favorite place
5	I have been here for lunch twice now. It's a smaller restaurant which makes you very in tune with the atmosphere.  The service I have gotten has been prompt and very approachable. The food comes out fast, and you can definitely see that they care about what they are serving here. I've had the Reuben, thick toast, not soggy with dressing, it was hands down one of the best reubens I have had the pleasure of eating.  I cannot recommend this place enough. Oh, and try the cinnamon biscuits with the fruit, your taste buds will thank you.
5	Compliments to the friendly staff. Best breakfast spot off the strip. Less than 10 min away. Street parking. Went here three days in a row and had pancakes every time.Even their coffee is kick a$$. Ate:Strawberry compote - flaky biscuit, fresh fruitPancakes - fluffy inside, nice bite outsideShrimp and Grits - hearty.Grilled cheese and tomato soup - cheesy and crunchy, not too creamy soup just with the right tang.Chicken fried steak - very crunchy!
2	I hated this place pretty much from the very beginning. It was very busy and not enough staff, apparently. It's a room with nothing on the walls or floors to absorb the sound so it's very loud. After we were seated it took nearly 5 minutes for the server just to get to the table. The menu is limited in that they are all about that meat and potatoes thing with very few alternative options: no meatless, vegetarian, or gluten free items. I opted for a bowl of steel cut oats topped with strawberries & pecans and it was ok. Certainly nothing special about a bowl of oatmeal so I'm not even sure what I expected here. No PB and most have never heard of putting it in your oatmeal. But if you don't, all you get is a bowl of carbs for breakfastDo they even know what bill time is? In all the time I've been eating out I have never had any restaurant not give me a credit card receipt. It is not your position to assume I don't want one and I should never have to ask for it. Always get a credit card receipt to help prevent fraud. Not going back here. The end.
5	Everything I've ever had at Eat has been delicious. That being said, the pancakes are my very favorite. They aren't fruity candy filled treats.  Instead, they are plain buttermilk serviced with butter and actual maple syrup. Despite having an extreme sweet tooth, these pancakes are THE VERY BEST I've ever had - a little buttery and crisp on the outside (just enough), and fluffy deliciousness on the inside. I realize this review has turned into an ode to pancakes, but they deserve it! If I'm being at all critical, I must point out that there is almost always a wait to eat at Eat. However, it is run well and you can tell this is usually based upon demand and not poor management. In sum, I'm a local and enjoy Eat every time I go. Highly recommended!!! (The grilled cheese with tomato soup is also quite epic - great lunch choice; the veggie chili is hearty and flavorful, both healthy and filling, but probably not for those meat eaters who will likely miss the meat - I loved it, but am a vegi so take that as you will)
5	I woke up hungry with a sudden craving for beignets. Realizing I was in Vegas and not NOLA I want expecting to find anything but I stumbled upon Eat in downtown. We were seated quickly during a holiday weekend. I like the decor with the modern lights and the greenery inside. There was a lot of personality like a typewriter in the waiting space and a wall that says, "I'll see you in the flowers." I appreciate the open kitchen layout. We shared the biscuits which came slathered in very sauce and topped with a generous portion of whole fruit: strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. We also ordered the corn beef hash. Surprisingly flavorful, it came with two perfectly poached eggs and four pieces of sourdough. The two dishes were the perfect pairing of savory and sweet. My only qualm: Drinks are a little pricey. $3 for coffee & $3 for an Arnold Palmer? I'm used to only paying a dollar or two for drinks, especially coffee.  The coffee here wasn't anything special but my fiance pointed out there were free refills on both drinks. I was happy with the service. One of the waiters (who wasn't even our waiter) came over and told me he was worried about someone stealing my camera. I appreciate the gesture & I'd totally return to give business to kind-hearted people.
2	I don't know why this place is rated so high. That was what brought me here in the first place. The food was forgettable, "room" overcrowed, wait was long. I imagined that I would enjoy this place more if I had recently rolled out of bed with a bad hangover. The lighting dark- again, I think the target market for this restuarant is those with terrible hangovers or frequent migranes.
5	All eat. does is breakfast and lunch...and they do it well. I've visited several times and never had a bad meal. Favorites include the Shrimp and Grits for breakfast and the BLT with Avocado, served with house-made potato chips. The grilled cheese with tomato soup is perfect comfort food and incredible if you step up and add some of their smoky thick bacon. The menu changes seasonally with items rotating in and out. Plenty of vegetarian options for those so inclined. And brewed ice tea.The clientele is eclectic trending to hipster. Parking can be tricky downtown and be prepared to feed a meter. And expect a wait if you're trying for a weekend mid-morning breakfast. Totally worth it.
4	We have been meaning to try EAT since it opened and we are so glad we did. The service was great and the food was excellent. We will most definitely be going back to try some of the other options.
5	The only thing that ruined our experience at 'eat' was the view from my seat of some big guy showing off his hairy ass crack. Along with that view, was a not-so-attractive woman at a different  table showing off her crack too. Despite the horrid visuals around me (and slightly throwing up in my mouth as I saw the dude's ass) the food was great. The BLT was as good as you'll find and the same can be said about the pancakes. With slightly crispy edges and a fluffy texture, it can easily be billed as one of the better pancakes in town. Syrup is available, but isn't needed. The chicken apple sausage on top was great, as well. It wasn't a cheap breakfast, but the quality is well worth it. The brunch menu on weekends is fairly small, much more so than the usual breakfast or lunch menu on weekdays. So, plan your visit accordingly.
4	As someone who's lived in NYC an la and in Vegas for just a year, I love this place. It's got a cute, casual, hipster vibe with great breakfast food!  I literally crave the cinnamon biscuits and strawberries and will venture here just for them! The service is friendly and quick. It makes me forget I'm in a chain filled city and pretend that I'm in downtown la :). So glad they're here!  (Great vegetarian options too!)
2	I bet this place used to rock. Now they bring you cold (and I mean COLD out of the refrigerator) hollandaise and say that they can't heat it up much more because it will break. Service is weak at best. Our food took 45 minutes to come out after a almost two hour wait for a table. Nothing was to die for. They only offer a limited menu on the weekends which makes no sense. We had looked up the menu on line and only about half of the items were available on a Sunday. Bummer
4	Here's the deal: I want this place to do well. I thought it was in the plus side of mediocre but I saw so much potential in it. And I LOVE Las Vegas is starting to offer unique, local, off-Strip places like this that try hard and do a good job. I had the chilaquiles and they weren't spectacular, but they were good.  My friend's daughter's biscuits looked fantastic with the strawberry jam on top, but I wish there was more fruit and less jam.  Service was very attentive and sweet.  I liked the place a lot, I just wish the food were a little bit better.
5	Oh my gosh I love this restaurant!!!!! The atmosphere, the service, THE FOOD!!!! Ah man. I eat here twice a week and try something new every time. I highly recommend!!!
5	Came here from LA because I saw a post on the Downtown Project instagram page... (I was in Vegas for other reasons) but it was just as delicious as expected! I have no reason to give it nothing but a 5 except for the reason that there was one bathroom stall, except one of the employees encouraged me to use the men's. I was all for it so I did! Living life on the edge... Anyways. Ordered the truffle egg sandwich,.. was blown away. I'm always nervous to order anything egg in the first place but when you add the word truffle, the game changes. It was delicious! Service? Great! Their to go cups are so cute too. Great experience overall, super cute stop in the middle of ever changing downtown Las Vegas. Highly recommend!Ps. Eggs Benedict only on the weekends ;(
5	Decided to grab some breakfast on Saturday morning, saw eat. On yelp decided to try it. Waited about 30 minutes but it was well worth the wait. Walked In and sat at the bar area, service was so fast and friendly feels like your family when your there. I ordered the eggs Benedict, and my boyfriend ordered the chicken fried steak. We got to see the preparation, because we had seats facing the kitchen. The food was amazing and you get a lot of food for your money. Everything was so fresh and tasted amazing definitely want to go back and try other items on the menu. A must go if you are in the downtown area.
2	So I had to get breakfast and lunch menu. By the time I ate it was brunch so it was good reason. I was really hoping it was amazing or worth the drive. It was good but not amazing. Place was trendy, very new scene downtown chic. I'll give it second try and try more items. I can't nor want to judge this place by the 3 items I tried. For now I give it a 2. For now.
1	Got there, was told it would be a 35 minute wait. Ended up standing there for almost an hour as they seated people who had arrived after us. Ended up walking away, to bad the food sounded good. Would give less stars if I could.
5	Found this place easily and parked for free one block down. Walk in and leave my name as there was a wait.  She informed me 10min.  We got sat within that time a nice corner cushioned booth.  The house was full. Cement brick walls. Reminds me of a place I've had brunch in San Francisco.  Fabric napkins.  Condiment plate is the centerpiece with assortment of sweeteners.  The menu is presented on a clipboard. I had the passion fruit iced tea.  It was unsweetened tasted freshly brewed and refreshing. Read the reviews here and ordered the common suggested shrimp and grits as well as killer grilled cheese.  The server warned us they are known for food to arrive right away and there might be a bit of delay.  Service was on point, everything arrived in a timely manner. They were plated nicely.  The grits were topped with shrimp hidden underneath a pico de gallo like salsa.  It was good but maybe not my taste to crave again. The grilled cheese looked great made with thick toast. The tomato soup we asked to have with it was thick. The menu lists tomato salad.  Just the right amount of cheese!  Like this one!  Our bill came out to $32 for two drinks and two plates. It was a cute place to catch up with my girlfriend.
4	'Eat' is on the top of my list of places to, well, eat when I come to town. The menu is great and the quality of food is exceptional. The service, ambiance, and experience are also top-notch. Always ask about their specials! They're always amazing.
5	The truffled egg sandwich was a life changing experience.  Few breakfast sandwiches even come close to matching the awesomeness of this one
5	What a great place to eat after a hard night of Vegas!! We had to wait about 20-30 minutes on a Sunday morning, but hey, that sounds about right.  The diner seemed a bit "hipstery" but I didn't mind too much.My Cousin and I had the country fried steak and eggs.  I had bacon and he had the apple sausage on the side.  And WOW!!!! This place is seriously delicious. Everything was cooked exactly as ordered, and the service was great  too.  The coffee was a bit on the normal side, but at least it wasn't horrible.All in all this place deserves a 5 star rating and I will definitely come back if I stay in the area again.
1	Disappointed again!!! Crap service, small order size, single layer of hash, tasteless biscuits , watered down tomato soup, not a smile in the house, and really I have to wait 10 minutes to get a water refill ...really sad with so many good things happening downtown!!! $50 for this , I'm done!!!
5	We've been here a bunch. I'm a fan. I really love the coffee. I stepped out of my "normal" and got the shrimp and grits on my last visit. It was really good. I was a bit worried...but I'm going to have to add this to my rotation from now on. You got to try this place...and afterward....step on over to the container park and check that place out.
4	Wonderful breakfast and great friendly service. Everything was fresh, and the coffee is roasted locally.
5	Wonderful meal with my wife .. We were staying on the strip but came downtown and as we didn't want to eat at a chain or the heart attack restaurant we lucked out finding this ... I had the grilled cheese and soup which was excellent and by wife had the BLT which she loved ... Nice staff and a friendly atmosphere ... Good value for money ... If it was in New York it would have a line out the door ... If you find yourself downtown in Vegas next to the container village definitely try here
5	Great brunch experience today at Eat. My pal had the chicken fried steak and I had the shrimp and grits. Service was great and even though we were told 45 min wait time, we were in quicker! Can't wait to return.
2	I heard and read about this place here from yelp and others I know. So finally I went to give it a shot only to realize ehhhh it was not really worth the long wait (45 minutes for party of 4)  and the drive for me. I ordered the egg Benedict one of my only favorite breakfast items. I just did not care for it!! Something about it and the textures of the whole thing did not go together. I ordered it standard with no tweaking or changing and to me it just did not do it, the other dish I had tried was the coned beef with potatoes and eggs that was alright. Probably better in my opinion than the egg Benedict if you had to choose.   Over all I do not think I would do it again.
5	I've been coming here since the doors have opened... Phenomenal food, always consistent and quaint atmosphere. Great edition to downtown!Highly recommend the posole soup and The Reuben.
1	Reading is purely on services. Visiting Vegas to see my family. They all said we need to go to EAT because of the food. Wish we would have had a chance to try the food. This is how things played out 11:30 am Called to make a reservation for a group of 10 at 1:00 pm. I was told that they don't take reservations but since I called in with enough notice they would work it out for us to be seated. 12:20 pm I arrived early with my husband to the restaurant to put our names on the waiting list. My husband was told "we will see what we can do", in regards to seating our group. 12:30 pm I confirmed with the hostess that we would be seated and the owner came by at the same time and said we would be seated at 1:00 pm. (Happy to hear this)12:50 pm My enter party arrives and three tables are open two right next to each other and one in a separate corner. And the rest of my group arrives1:00 pm Other people are seated that came in after us.1:10 pm No updated from the Hostess about us being seated and more people are being seated that arrived after us. 1:15 pm My brother call "La Comida" just one block up and one block over from "EAT" to see if they can seat us. They said "Yes!". I told the hostess we were leaving and we all walked over to "La Comida"Very disappointed on the Customer Services and lack of communication. Granted the location is small but if I was told when I originally called they couldn't seat such a large group we would have never wasted our time waiting.
5	Im missing the pancakes already.  This place has the best pancakes and cinnamon biscuits ever.  We took the deuce from the strip to downtown and it was easy to find.  I wish I would have ate breakfast here everyday during my visit.
3	Cute spot. Good food.The only thing I wanted from Eat was not available--the beignets!! Ugh. My heart was crushed to learn they didn't have any :( Alas, I opted for a chicken sandwich and it was good; nothing too special. The service was okay and given how small the menu is, I expect the staff to know the ingredients of the menu items which wasn't the case.Would I return? Only If I happened to be in the area but wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Nicely done brunch. Interesting food and reasonably priced. Friendly service staff...
5	Discovered this place behind the container park after we spoke to several local las vegans, is this a word??? Anyway, we are so impressed with the FOOD, the servers are fun, happy, and efficient.  But it is the food that keeps us driving from CA.  We discovered this place a month ago and there hasn't been anything on the menu that has not wowed us.  Great food spot.  Can't wait for our next visit. Wish we had one closer to home.
4	4.5 stars! Love everything about this place for the most part. It has been on my bookmark list for awhile and finally got to try Eat last month. Myself and 2 other friends came after the Color Run. I was really worried the wait would be super long from the other color runners, we were told it would be half an hour, but it only ended up being 15 minutes. I already knew I wanted the chicken fried steak since it had good reviews and looked delicious from the pictures on here. I also ordered passion tea, which was okay I wish I would of ordered the strawberry drink instead. I was very pleased with the chicken fried steak, the breading was well seasoned and it was a huge piece, a sharable portion. The gravy and seasoned potatoes went with it pretty well too. I ordered the house made chips instead of eggs and I was really disappointed because they look good in the pictures but didn't have the texture I was hoping for. I also had the English muffin as my side, which was nothing spectacular. My 2 other friends both ordered the chilaquiles scrambled eggs, they were both kinda whatever about it because they didn't expect it to be vegetarian. I did I have a bite and liked it, but I always welcome vegetarian options in my diet.  The inside is awesome, hipster type of fare I must say. I cannot wait to come back, I just don't know what I'll order because everything else looks so delicious.
5	This place is phenomenal. Great service great atmosphere and amazing food. I had the corned beef hash and pancakes and they were the best corned beef hash and best pancakes I've had at least in the last few years. Oh, and there's a tesla supercharger a block away so that's nice too.
5	The food was pretty good, the bacon delicious. The orange juice was freshly squeezed, too bad this year's oranges weren't any good. Great coffee, toast is 1/2" thick. The service was friendly and prompt. The pancakes were HUGE, well done and tasted like funnel cake (I love funnel cake).A bit salty on the potatoes and I like my bacon a bit more crispy. Next time I will ask to be seated on the orange chairs. The wooden ones with green fabric have NO padding or support. You have to crawl out of them.
5	Best shrimp and grits I've had on the west coast by far! Super excited about this place.
5	This is the breakfast place downtown.  Great pancakes and egg dishes.  Lunch rocks w/a gr8 veggie burger and other American regional dishes.  Prepare to wait at peak hours and go hungry.  Near Container Park.
5	Went here this weekend. Had the chicken fried steak and strawberry lemonade and shirt stack of pancakes. Everything was great. Free parking on Sundays.
4	The bf and I went in for our 'Valentine's Brunch' (the weekend following Valentine's Day) We waited no more than 3 minutes to be seated. The restaurant was filled with patrons but not in an overwhelming sense. We were seated at kind of an awkward table. It was a tiny table RIGHT next to a bar-like seating area. We sort of felt weird sitting in regular height chairs right next to people sitting on bar height chairs, but whatever. Definitely not enough to keep us away. I ordered a hot green tea (which was organic and didn't turn the water a lime green color, I hate that!) and the shrimp and grits. Boyfriend ordered their country fried steak and eggs with a side of pancakes to share.Shrimp & Grits: SOoosososososoo delicious. I love the smooth texture of their grits  and the hints of crispiness from the bacon and pico de gallo. The shrimps (which they gave an abundant amount of) were cooked perfectly and the over-easy eggs they topped the whole thing off with gave the whole dish an extra creaminess that nobody can get mad over. They give you really big portion so I didn't end up eating the whole thing. Boyfriend didn't mind finishing it off at all :)Country Fried Steak and Eggs (with seasoned potatoes): I had a bite of the steak and it was delicious. Not to much breading and the meat was tender. The gravy was perfect. Thick but not pudding-like. (gross)Pancakes: The pancakes were sooooo fluffy and delicious. They had a yummy crispiness all around the edge and had a beignet-like texture and flavor to them. They soaked up the syrup like nobody's business so I suggest you do the 'pour and eat right away' method. The service was OK. Our waiter checked on us to fill up our drinks (once) but then forgot that I wanted more hot water for my tea. It's conveniently located right beside the container park so I could see us having breakfast/brunch here again.
3	Cute little place across the street from The Downtown Container Park in Downtown LV. I feel like it's soul-food in a hip atmosphere. The food was good, but I'm convinced I didn't probably order the best thing on the menu. I went the route of a veggie burger (which I was told they don't make themselves, but they are shipped in, deconstructed, and then more ingredients are added. Probably not my favorite selling point!) but it was delicious and I topped it off with a cup of chicken posole soup. I did get a little food envy over the grilled cheese at times!!!! HUGE Texas toast with a nice gooey cheesy filling? Yes, please!
5	Incredible food, only 5 min walk from the Golden Nugget. Healthy fresh or fresh decadent. One of the best breakfasts we've ever had anywhere. This place is an unexpected downtown treat. We went as a family but is excellent for anyone. Stay away from nasty overpriced buffets downtown. Take a little walk to this amazing restaurant.
5	Truffle egg sandwich kills me every time. I haven't eaten anything there that I didn't really enjoy. Appetizers, breakfast, lunch, and even the juice.
5	I had never heard of it until today. Walked in and was taken aback. I ate a roast beef sandwich... It was excellent! My friend had another type sandwich and she devoured it. What a place. A little noisy but the quality of food makes up. Right across the street from container city. It is a place to come back many more times.
3	I like Eat. I like the fact that it's modern, hip, urban, and located downtown. Charm, character, and frankly, they need more places like these downtown. Just across the street from Container Park and down the street from LVA (geez, where were all these places when I was a student?!). PARKING: There's metered parking galore for around $2 an hour during the daytime around here and DO NOT think you can get away without being fined. PROTIP: Get a player's card at El Cortez (free; takes two minutes) and you get to park for FREE at either of the manned parking garages (located at 7th and Ogden). Even when they charge $10 parking on Fridays/Saturday nights now, it's free if you flash your card. If you suck at parallel parking like I do even for the after-6pm free street parking, then park in the garages (you don't have to worry about walking too far to get to Container Park or the Fremont East bars). AMBIANCE: Eat. is a cute breakfast/lunch place. They're only open 8AM-3PM on weekdays and close an hour earlier on weekends. I like the decor and there's a ton of seating here for 2-4 people tables. Great use of space without feeling too cramped. There's a nice breakfast bar area near the cashier but I feel like it's a secret "oh-god-please-don't-pick-to-sit-here-because-you'll-just-stare-at-us"-type thing. Luckily there's another high table bar in the center that you can sit at. Hip, casual atmosphere. Fun place to meet with friends or a semi-loud business lunch.FOOD: I ordered the chicken sausage, and the Chicken Pot Pie (they offer it every monday) Every other day than monday, they offer a special off-menu item so be sure to ask! I thought it was kind of funny listing "free-range chicken" at every mention in the menu. I wanted to ask my server for a profile of my slaughtered hen right there. You know, just to make sure it was a happy free-range chicken when it was living. Chicken pot pie ($14ish?) was good. Nicely seasoned with the right amount of mashed potatoes, gravy (dear god the gravy), carrots, slices of moist chicken, and peas inside. The pastry encasing it was fluffy, golden, and wasn't too hard biting into it. Comes with a small side salad of mixed greens and sliced carrots. Presentation was nice! Does it blow me away for what it is flavor-wise? Nope. Delicious, yes. Very well-thought out, but not wowing. Portion was decent, but not really worth the price tag. My chicken sausage ($5ish) side dish was okay. A bit tough, but the flavor was decent. Honey-soaked flavor. Tasted fine but not really worth the price for portion honestly. Service was good. Checked back on us often and our server recommended the pot pie to me. VERDICT: Overall, Eat is a few unique steps up from your average brunch place. Presentation of the food is gorgeous and the flavors are good/okay, but the price tag? Ouch. Maybe it's quality of the ingredients that justifies it. The food isn't mediocre by any means, but it's not something stunning as I'm led to believe. It's a great place to reenact scenes from Portlandia. I would definitely come back for lunch with the girlfriends. I like Eat a lot, but I'm not drinking the kool-aid just yet.
5	The pancakes and Benedict are spectacular! Very cool interior with a great atmosphere and communal table. A phenomenal addition to the Vegas breakfast scene.
3	Its a quaint restaurant right across the street from Container park. We went on a Saturday afternoon. Waited 30 mins for a table. I ordered the country fried steak. It was pretty good. Didnt think that the gravy was too heavy. The fried steak stayed crisp. Good flavors. The potatoes though...yum! The skin of the potatoes were nicely seasoned and crispy. I would come back again.
5	This place is wonderful! The food is fantastic. The staff is very friendly. You can't really ask for much more. I had the blt and it was probably the best sandwich I've had in a LONG time. It's not a huge restaurant and I think that definitely adds to the charm. I'll be back for sure!
4	Great service and great food.  Especially loved the potatoes that came with my eggs Benedict and the waffles were fluffy and tasty.  Finding a parking space is a bit of a challenge:)
4	Eat.  Ate.  The two words you'll see on the door walking in hangry, and walking out full.  Very clever if you ask me.I ordered their chicken fried steak.  This plate was huge.  The CFS was smothered in gravy sauce, came with two eggs (any way you want it), potatoes and butter toasted bread.  The customer service here was really great.  Everyone was friendly, and walked around with a smile.  Very very local spot located down the street from the Fremont Experience.  TIP - they're very strict about not serving the chicken fried steak after 11am.  If you try ordering it at 11:01am, you're shit out of luck.  Trust me, I know.  Was definitely worth coming back the next day.
5	The food at EAT is super fresh and delicious!! Very cool little spot in the heart of the hip area of freemont east. The only negative comment I would have is that they aren't open later.. Having a dinner service would be awesome!! I've wanted to try the chilaquiles but they stop serving them at 11am I believe. I have been to EAT about 3 times and each experience was great food was amazing and very friendly and helpful staff.
5	Food was fantastic! I got the daily special which was Prime Rib hash which came with a green chile sauce and two poached eggs, and giant toast. It was all fantastic! I highly recommend this place.
5	This place is great, its just what vegas needs in the new downtown. Food, service, experience were all fantastic!
4	If you're driving by looking for this place, you can totally miss it. It's a very small, cute place located downtown on 7th & Carson St. I got to known of this place through a friend. Usually the wait for this place is pretty long & people are hanging out outside waiting to be called in. Fortunately, today the odds were on our favor! No wait to be seated! We first had ordered strawberry cinnamon biscuits which were to die for! They were biscuits swimming in this strawberry jam sauce. It wasn't too sweet but decently sweet enough. I had ordered the Shrimp & Grits! Which is, hands down, the BEST, grits I ever had. Usually restaurants over cook or under cook grits but this place makes it to perfection. It had picco di gallo on top which added a Little kick in your mouth. The bacon on the bottom just added the necessary flavors to this dish. I finished the whole thing! & could've licked the bowl but controlled myself.Only thing I really had an issue with was the wait to get our food. Due to the table next to us of 3 men that practically ordered the whole menu, we had to wait a long time for our food. The men were extremely entertaining because one guy would net pick the dishes to the waitress-- "this needed more salt" or "would have tasted better seared" LOL! But anyways, it was defiantly worth that wait!
5	I'm almost glad that I don't live in Las Vegas because I would "Eat" here every single weekend!! LV certainly has it's fair share of memorable restaurants in the hotels and on the strip, but Eat. is one of the best breakfast/brunch spots I've ever laid my palate on...period! Thanks Chef Natalie for the awesome recommendations. The roast beef sandwich was simple yet complex...full of flavor and texture. My friend loves shrimp & grits more than life itself, and she raved about it the rest of the afternoon! Next time I'm going to try those amazing pancakes that I hear so many good things about. Enjoy!
5	This was the best thing about Las Vegas. Had a business trip and I am not a fan of Vegas. Downtown is becoming really cool and this place is really cool. I had chicken fried steak two eggs any style, country pork gravy, chivepotatoes & toast and my husband had huevos motulenos two eggs over-easy w/red&green new mexican chili, black beans, peas feta, sauteed bananas on corn tortilla. Afterward you can walk 2 blocks to container Las Vegas or The Mob Museum. Some will think the area is dicey, however, I felt very safe. Check out this restaurant and Downtown Vegas. No I'm not paid, but I just like the vibe of this area and especially this restaurant which is why I came down there in the first place.They have a sign in East that I want to use in my gentrifying n'hood "Be Nice or Leave"
5	Great value, awesome food. Only downside....no mimosas......what Vegas? Haha! But I would totally return!
5	The Truffled egg sandwich and cinnamon biscuits were a great breakfast.  Downtown is not my favorite place to visit when in Vegas but Eat was worth the trip from the strip to get away from the casinos and buffets.  I went on a Monday at 10:30 and it was pretty busy (but not so much that I had to wait) so I expect that weekends are packed.  The staff was friendly and service was prompt.  I'll definitely come back.
4	eat. is a local-focused place worth checking out!I haven't been here for the lunch options, but the breakfast options are on point!  Their Truffled Egg Sandwich is solid and so is the Eggs Benedict.  The Truffled Egg Sandwich comes with eggs, bacon, creamy feta cheese, wild mushrooms, chives, and is served on ciabatta bread with potatoes.  I was a fan of the Huevos Montulenos and would certainly recommend it for the slightly more adventurous eater...lots of flavors coming together to party on you palate.  The Huevos Montulenos consists of a tortilla layered with black beans, sweet peas, feta cheese, caramelized bananas or plantains, covered with two fried eggs, and finished with slightly spicy red and green salsas.  It is also served with a pile of potatoes.The interior is aesthetically pleasing.  Artistic. Hip. Positioned well.  eat. fits perfectly in it's downtown surroundings...you could say that eat is right up DTLV's alley...no literally it is right up from that one alley downtown...on Carson...you know?They are doing a lot of things right here, and I will be back again!
5	My favorite part was being able to say 'more mothership coffee' please. How often does one get to say the word mothership! Ordered a BLT Which was a 5 star experience ... And a single pancake on the side for good luck. Best flapjack in town probably
5	The food was very good, the service was great. Very busy at lunch, love the atmosphere. Easy to find street parking nearby, right on the corner of Carson and 7th.
5	wow!!! just wow!! this place is great and the ambiance is so cute. we went here on the way to the spartan race, and we weren't disappointed. the pancakes were big, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. and with two toddlers (12 month & 20 month) with us, they liked the food too. the corn beef hash was delicious. too bad we couldn't enjoy it as much as we'd hope, had to eat & go (time crunch), but will definitely revisit again when we're back.
3	Short:Food: pretty goodAmbiance: cuteService: really good - lots of people workingLong:Food: I got the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup, and my boyfriend had the - prime rib? roast beef? can't remember - special hash. The grilled cheese and soup were good, but I was disappointed by how high the bread:cheese ratio was. 2" of bread for a very thin layer of cheese. The hash was also good, but I wish the potatoes had a little more bite to them, rather than just being mushy. The COFFEE, however, is fantastic and deliciousAmbiance: I really liked the way the place was done. Felt like a casual, industrial cafe. It's not easy to pull off the steel & concrete look without looking cheap, but they nailed it. The inside of the door says "ate" (as you are exiting), which I thought was super cuteService: There were a TON of people working. They were all friendly and responsive without being intrusive. If I'm in downtown, I'd definitely come here again, but not sure I'd make the trek all the way from Henderson *just* to eat here, if you know what I mean.
5	Absolutely delicious!!! Fresh homemade goodness!! Great service!! If you want all of the breakfast choices you need to get there before 11am.
1	Maybe I waited too long to try this place? Maybe it was great when they first opened? Pretty solid 5 star rating on here, something is awry. Came in on a Saturday morning, we had expected to wait so that was no big deal, gave us a chance to look over the menu and yelp pics. After seeing all the reviews and praise for the Huevos Montulenos, I decided to give it a go, even tho on paper it sounded horrid. I like weird combinations, so I was willing to give it a shot. My friend got the Eggs Benedict. Food arrives. A few bites into our food, both of look at each other, and I know exactly what she is thinking. I told her mine was really gross and she agreed. I like peas, I like bananas and I love feta. But the combination of them with black beans and eggs and sauce didn't work for me. I made her give it a try and she was mad at me once she put it in her mouth (hey, sharing is caring). I tried her Benny's and I agreed they were underwhelming. Turkey bacon had no flavor, and the addition of spinach and tomatoes really overpowered the Hollandaise. In addition to two terrible entrees, this place is ridiculously loud. I had to raise my voice a couple octaves to talk to my friend who was sitting 2 feet in front of me. Overpriced Loud Gross foodParking sucks
1	I was completely disappointed in the quality of the food.  I work downtown and my office mates and I order from Eat quite regularly, but today we were shocked to have received some of the worst food we've ever eaten from Eat.  We ordered both of the chicken sandwiches that are on the limited menu only to discover they were obviously made from frozen chicken breasts that were rubbery and tasted like plastic.  The bread was soggy which, when combined with the disgusting chicken made our sandwiches inedible.  My co worker and I ended up throwing both of our lunches away.  We were also told they no longer are making beignets, which we came to really enjoy.  We vowed never to order from this place again as the food definitely does not match the prices charged, and as there are so many other lunch spots to pick from, we won't miss this eatery.
5	One of the most incredible restaurants downtown. Not only is the food amazing, but the environment and the staff are perfect. I wish I could give a rating higher than a five!
5	This place is 5  stars hands down in my book.  Walked right in, got seated right away.  Intimate setting.  Had 2 waitresses helping us, 1 to take and bring drink order, one to take food order.  Coffee was black and strong, just the way I like it, and the food came out super fast.  Had the shrimp and grits and it was amazeballs!  Complete soul food.
5	Love the grilled cheese and tomatoe soup. Found th is place through yelp, and now I never visit Vegas without a stop here.
1	First off, I just want to say, what a lively and well thought out title you have!! It  does absolutely nothing for the ambiance, environment, or atmosphere.So we go into this place that closes in 45 minutes (2:00pm) and we are seated with an effortless menu in our hands.  If you have seen the 90's movie "My Cousin Vinny" then you had a choice of:Breakfast orLunchI had the lunch, my mother had the lunch, and my sister had the breakfast.  The prices were steep for no apparent reason.  I'll tell you why.  This "cafe" sits behind the newly constructed Container Park near the downtown area and gives off no connection to the "urban" look that the whole community is looking for.  If this place is not known by word of mouth then one would think it was an old relentless leasing place trying to scrape money to stay and keep its doors open. You would also think it has been here at least since the early 80's.Good for them for putting their name out there by social media, but I honestly don't see how this is going make it for long.  The food screams help at the top of its lungs because they are in desperate need of taste, flavor, and palate cleansing.  With a menu that only has maybe and I mean MAYBE 3 or 4 choices for lunch or breakfast that their descriptive plate names would coincide with the food that you get. I feel like the kitchen is saying, "heh heh heh, just kidding no soup for you and if you want pico de gallo then cut up your own tomato."  Yes folks, I asked for pico de gallo but all I got was chopped up tomatoes in a ginormous bowl with one scoop of pico in it (i got charged $.50 for one scoop of a tomato!!) So anyways, we get our food and it is simply not- that- great.   I could've easily gone to one of the local casinos that always advertises steak and eggs for $4.99 or even pancakes for cheaper price.  However, the point of going to this place was to seek out some truth that lies behind the whole commutative urban development surrounding the newly improved downtown area.  This new area is supposed to cater to the locals that is why they replenished and rejuvenated this whole neighborhood in the first place.  Well, hello, I did expect the prices to be more for me, the local, not the tourist.  It doesn't matter anymore, what does matter is that if you want to keep your high prices and rip off your customers from not serving urban stylish food than don't stay open too long, and move to the strip where you can rip off all the tourist you want.
4	eat. was good, and I'd definitely come back. I wasn't wow-ed by my meal, but overall, I was happy with the experience here.  One of my friends described it as ,"a diner with a good attitude" and that fits it almost exactly.  It is urban-hip in decor, and a pretty small restaurant overall.  On a Sunday at 1p, expect a 20 minute wait.  I don't know if it was the acoustics, but it was pretty loud in there, so we chose to wait on the benches outside.The servers were friendly and pleasant, and the coffee was strong and hot. I'd already scoped out the menu online, but alas, the menu at the restaurant was not exactly the same (no Shrimp Po Boy?! GASP!) Luckily, I had a second choice in mind.  I ordered the Shrimp & Grits, and yep... My Yelp-ers were correct, those are some runny grits!! I generally don't like my grits so thin.  However, it comes with a lot of shrimp (no tails, either!), big slabs of bacon, and an egg (it comes poached, but they ask how you like it, so I ordered it cooked a little harder).  Because the grits were so thin, I stole my friend's delicious sourdough toast, which was soft and buttery, just the way I like it. The bread helped to sop up the grits, so maybe this meal should come with bread?  My friend enjoyed her corrnbeef hash, and loved that it tasted fresh and homemade. Our other dining companions got the grilled cheese and the huevo ranchero and both said they were delicious. I'm glad to have a brunch option downtown, and eat. did the trick!
3	Food, great. Service, leaves something to be desired.Food: I got the biscuits and turkey sausage, and both were great. The others I went with ordered a combination of breakfast and lunch foods, and all agreed their dishes tasted delicious.Service: Came on a Friday, mid morning. Took about 40 minutes to be seated. Initial drink orders were taken pretty quickly, but everything after was slow. My friend got coffee served in a cup that had lipstick on it. Took forever to flag down the waitress, who took it away and then forgot to bring more. Even though the place is small, finding and getting the attention of our waitress was a challenge. I know the restaurant hasn't been around long, and it still has some kinks to work out.
4	I have had the pleasure of eating at EAT twice the both times were fabulous.  I had the shrimp and grits both times.  The grits were creamy perfect and the shrimp were huge.  It gets kind of loud around the heat of lunch (go figure), but everything else is fantastic.
4	Really solid breakfast eats with great coffee. Homey hipster diner feel in the rejuvenated downtown area off the strip. Not sure I would spend another $30 for the cab ride but glad we tried it. Had the truffled egg sandwich and the strawberry cinnamon biscuits!
4	This place is great!! Decent portions, cute modern ambiance, definitely where you'd find hipsters dwell..hence the name 'eat.' Lol I love that it's across container park, which was convenient for us to park (which sux, $1/hour)... we brought kids with us so some had the grilled cheese, which were humoungous & came with awesome tomato soup. Their Wedge Salad was awesome! Huge with lots of bacon lol (not very healthy but looked sooo good!). I had the Truffled Egg Sandwich, which was ok... my cousin & I were disappointed because we really wanted the Eggs Turkey Benedict but we got there too late. This should be a breakfast item serve til closing. My son had the cinnamon biscuits w/ strawberry sauce.. omg sooooo yummmy! Other than that? I would most definitely go back again! I love any downtown good eats!!
5	Very hearty, but high quality good here ..love the shrimp n grits, Rueben, and dBLT sandwich.  Quaint little place downtown and always busy ..good sign.
5	Since I read all the ratings for this place I was really looking forward to having breakfast there. Coming with my 14years old son I have to admit we both enjoyed it a lot! Service very friendly, breakfast very tasty, fresh and delicious, nice guests, nice place and in this artificial glittery Las Vegas universe a very down to earth place which is really fun to go to.All thumbs up!!
5	Happy to report that our second visit was just as satisfying. generous portions. flavorful. I ordered their homemade corned beef hash with eggs. I'm high maintenance when it comes to eggs -- don't cringe: over hard with the yokes broken and crispy on the edges. Well, the eggs were cooked perfectly and the hash was as good as homemade. Hubby ordered chicken fried steak again. Yum. Our go to breakfast place when visiting Las Vegas.
5	Awesome place! I liked the trendy vibe it had. I prefer this place rather the hash hash a go go for sure. Very friendly service and attentive to my needs. Food was fresh and had a great presentation. When I come back to downtown Las Vegas I have to hit up this place again.
5	DBLTA sandwich + pancakes for two ppl. We don't know the pancake and the sandwich will be that big. Worth the price, the veg in the sandwich is fresh. Ice tea is great, love it cuz it's not sweet.
4	This place is wonderful. If it's crowded (which is always is) it is totally worth the wait. The service is always friendly and attentive and the food is never sub-par. My only gripe is that you can't get pancakes past 11am. They are the best!
3	Grits! Ask them not to put onions on top, and to bring butter and maple syrup, unhealthy heaven...We visited this place twice recently, once on a Tuesday morning, which was a five star visit, and then once on Saturday, which was a one and a half star experience, so I am averaging them out. Our first visit was in a large group, with four adults and three boisterous children, the waiter was unperturbed by our large group and we were seated pretty quickly at the communal table. I had the veggie burger, which was more of a large toasted sandwich of indescribable deliciousness, and an orange juice which, although "regular" in size was large and pulp free and quite wonderful. One of our friends had the shrimp & grits dish which she absolutely loved as well. The service was good, the food arrived quickly and the multiple servings of grits which my daughter mowed through were hot, scrumptious and seemingly bottomless.Now, Saturday... we waited an exceedingly long time for a table, the hostess told us it would be around 30 minutes, and we were seated in the busiest thoroughfare more than 45 minutes later. The waitress brought our menus, which were considerably smaller than the weekday menu and distinctly lacking in vegetarian options, and then disappeared for an extended period. We asked if they could do the veg burger but they said no, and at this point I didn't want to wait at another restaurant so we decided to stay, I eventually decided on the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo, which does not come with chips - this was not noted on the menu where it actually says that all sandwiches are served with chips or potato salad, but when I asked after the chips I was told they would be an additional side and that the soup, which was part of the meal on the menu, was in fact a side I had ordered. This was a rather awkward exchange and I gave up on my lovely chips. The soup was thin, and the cheese was lurid orange, plasticky processed American cheese instead of the "sharp cheddar" on the menu. This made me sad. The bread is doorstop thick and soft, which is a perk. We felt very rushed, and they brought the check before we had finished eating, or, in fact ordering, as well as removing dishes before we had finished eating. Its a really fabulous place to eat, during the week, but give the weekends a miss.
2	Came here with a large group (12 of us) on a Saturday around 1PM. We were seated in about 15-20 minutes which isn't bad.The 2 stars essentially came from my specific dish. I ordered the country fried steak as did two other people at my table. They loved theirs, and I'm sure I would too if it didn't take me 5 minutes to cut off a piece of mine. I'm not asking for them to give each person a steak knife; I'm asking you not to give me a horrible piece of meat while the other two people got the good pieces at my table. I don't understand why it would take me twice as long to chew my food as it did for me to cut it. I left the place hungry because all I ate was th strawberry, eggs, and toast that came with this dish. Why I am paying so much to leave hungry? I even ate someone's leftover grilled cheese and soup.
4	Lovely meal! It's been so long since we ate here that we cannot remember what we had, but we remember the owner being a doll and the food was divine! Local. Small. Fantastic. Go, you!
5	My girl friend and I dig their Huevos dish. The staff if friendly and helpful. Service is always great. We need more places like this in Las Vegas.
2	I had a wonderful meal at Eats, The potatoes were great, the coffee was good, and I really liked that they got all there greens from a local farm and not some GMO infested place. They were busy when my friend and I walked in, so we went back to our parking meter to put some more time on it. We walked back in and I told the young lady that my name was on the list she said just give her a second and she would seat us, which she did. Our server, who never told us her name, was apparently not in the best mood. I mean I've been working in the hospitality/serving industry pretty much my whole working career, which started at 14, and we all know, in order to make it, sometimes you have to put on a smile and Fake it. I didn't know their breakfast stopped at 11, which is my fault as a new patron, but eggs can be served all day, 2 eggs anyway you would like.... does not mean anyway you would like... its ok though. i got some truffle oil egg meal that was alright, but i wanted to be healthy and i wanted breakfast and they said that they could only do scrambled eggs, not an omelet.... i couldn't even get veggies, which again, my problem for not reading more into the place but since they had gotten some really good reviews on here (yelp) I was like screw it lets go its probably awesome, which again, the food was, but not the service. When the server got to our table with our food, she asked if we needed anything else, my friend I was with just said her toast, which was sitting in the window i saw it, and i watched it sit for about 10 minutes. We also wanted to split our check at the end of our meal, which one young lady said they couldn't split it, but they could put a different amount on each card, which they did. We then received a letter in our check about splitting the check, saying they were slammed and next time only one credit card per table, Well, this place is not that big, there were 4 empty tables, I'm gonna say 5 servers and a manager there. which some were just standing around, our server who was having not the best day also moved about as slow as molasses. She also snapped her fingers at a line cook, and the restaurants I've worked at, if she would of done that to them, when were "slammed" they probably would of chopped her finger off. lol.... anyways, i suggest that you go there for the food, just don't expect the best service and remember ONLY ONE CREDIT CARD PER TABLE. If we pulled that at my old job in florida which is a fast pace tequila bar and Mexican restaurant, you would get fired. not trying to be snobby or anything like that and sorry if i come off that way but i feel like when I'm serving a guest or anything i usually act pretty hyped because if I'm nice and they're too "in the biz" I'm probably going to get tipped over twenty percent and will probably make new friends, wether I have the time or not, I always wear a smile. I don't know, maybe I'm just a people person. again though the food was EXCELLENT.
5	I'm visiting Vegas with my girlfriends for a few days. We went to EAT yesterday for breakfast and it was amazing. The atmosphere was relaxed and the service was great. It was so nice that the entire staff checked in on our table. I had the granola/berries, scrambled eggs, and wheat toast (basic only bc I don't eat meat; just seafood). I loved every bit of it. I also had the herbal tea which was refreshing. I will definitely come back if I'm ever back in town!
5	Everything we have tried here has been spectacular!  Eat is a truly special place with exceptional food, service, and ambiance!
4	Eat was quite good. i had the corn hash and toast and it was pretty good. My friends and i went there for breakfast and we were impressed. The atmosphere is pretty laid back and it feels and looks clean. The food amazing. You will like it. It would be a nice breakfast date place too :)
5	It was a long wait to get seated but it was well worth the wait. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs, it was a big ass steak, very good ... I'd recommend this place
5	We have been coming to EAT since they opened the doors. They have the best pancakes! By far the best breakfast and lunch in the Las Vegas area
3	Came here on Mother's Day.  Bad decision.  Overall, the menu & food were good, the service was good as well.  However, I ordered 2 eggs over medium and got 2 eggs over barely easy.  The smoked bacon had great flavor but was served lukewarm and wilted.  The coffee was bitter.  Also, they had a loud 2-piece band playing in this small, acoustically challenged restaurant. Without the music playing, you could barely carry on a conversation.  With the music playing, forget about it.  And I'm sure the mothers here loved that they couldn't talk with their children during brunch.  What were they thinking?  However, I will make a 2nd attempt (sans coffee) because the service was good and my wife's corned beef hash was good.  Big ass pancakes looked good too.  I think I just happened to get a bad meal this time.  Shit happens.
5	Sat at the counter ... started w cinnamon biscuits which are very light and finished w a strawberry topping blackberry s ... Soo good.  The best was the huevos motulenos. Eggs perfectly cooked and with a great blend of sauces and the plantine mixed in.    Wife raved in her Eggs Benedict as well.  Probably the best breakfast experience I have ever had!!
5	We just happen to go on Mother's Day. Walking in and was greeted very nicely and seated promptly. After much research I saw the owner overseeing the flow of the restaurant which I thought was cool. Soon after we got there they had nice LIVE smooth jazz. The atmosphere is nice (love the art) and despite it being busy they were on there game with service! Alright now with FOOD: I started with the biscuits with strawberry compost, not overly sweet, moist, yummy starter. My mom got the eggs,bacon,potato dish. She enjoyed it!! I had the shrimp and grits which was very good! Never had it before and the flavors all blanched nicely! The bacon was especially good. I had a great experience and defiantly will be back!
5	It's a shame that everyone doesn't get an automatic tweet when in Vegas to check this place out. Thanks for a recommendation from a fellow tweeter I found my way to eat. Skip the buffet and try this out. Had the poached eggs on hash with sourdough. Perfectly seasoned, usually reach for salt and pepper at these places but not this time. Good portion size not too much and not too little. Friendly staff, clean and quaint atmosphere.
1	We tried this place yesterday based on the number of votes Eat has.  Frankly, I was most unimpressed with Eat; here is my review:Food:  I ordered the chicken fried steak with gravy, toast, scrambled, and potatoes.  For starters, the meat itself wasn't the greatest; it was tougher than expected and didn't cut well.  The batter/breading was strange; it wasn't hot (temperature), crispy, or crunchy....it was just lukewarm and flavorless.  The potatoes had a great "potato" flavor but that was about it...they were advertised as chive potatoes; we didn't find or taste any chives!  The gravy, for myself, was the worst part.  The gravy was too heavily flavored with smoked paprika; it's way obvious!  There was so much smoked paprika in the gravy that it became overwhelming and I could only eat 1/4 of my chicken fried steak. The scrambled were scrambled...how can that be messed up?  I feel if the toast weren't sliced so thick, then it would just seem like ordinary toast; it's just regular thick-sliced toast...no butter which was irritating; every place butters the toast, unless the customer declines.Customer Service:  We didn't receive our drinks from the bus person, instead, we waited until our waitress came to take our order...very lame; especially seeing as how there's at least a dozen staff running around the place.  They were very nice and pleasant.Atmosphere:  Divey.  I didn't really like our seat.  Right next to my head was another solid-wood table....pushed directly up to ours, only the edge of the table was right next to my temple the whole meal!  I don't know who planned the floor space but would have rather sat outside.  I like their open kitchen.Price:  Not bad.Overall, it wasn't a bad experience, but I was really disappointed with my experience in general.  There's way too much hype for a place with such a scant menu...there's nothing special about anything; where's the locally sourced ingredients, organic?  Only a handful of ingredients were labeled as organic.  Honestly, I didn't find simple complexity in their food, i found simplistic, bland food prepared in a hurry.  I love the downtown area but I don't support restaurants that thrive on overrated reviews and underperform as a result of their oversized egos.
5	Eat is FANTASTIC! I don't understand why they aren't open for dinner or why breakfast ends at 11am (on weekdays)....their food is so great I want it all the time. Highlights:Huevos Montulenos: amazing breakfast/brunch dish that feels relatively healthy. Basically a more exciting huevos rancheros with over easy eggs, two delicious salsas, black beans, feta, and bananas (they were a little surprising at first, but added an interesting element of sweetness).Bahn Mi Sandwich--this dish is no longer on the menu, but it was super delicious and sometimes available if they have the ingredients in house. Downtown Benedict--classically amazing in every way. perk: super comfy seating. Don't order tea or orange juice, it's crazy over priced.
5	Great food, stylish interior, professional staffs.  This is very good restaurant overall.  I had shrimp and grits, and ginger ale.  I really love the shrimp and grits!  In downtown area, I am kind of feeling a beautiful hope and pride of the people and the community.  Sure, I want to come back here!
4	Where the place is located can feel a little sketchy. Parking is only on the streets with paid meters. Once you're inside the restaurant, you'll forget you're in downtown LV. Food is really good. Service was great. Can't really go wrong with the menu. I was a bit disappointed when they didn't have beignets. The waiter gave me a weird look. Lol.
2	The food at eat. is fantastic. The food, even despite the fact that it's a little pricey, might get 5 stars by itself. My issue with eat. however, is how unwelcome I feel when I go there. I work nearby and have stopped by for lunch on a handful of occasions, never really loving the service, but my visit yesterday was the last straw. First, our table was given away after the hostess failed to step outside to call my name (the waiting area inside was full). Second, our order was never put in by the waitress and it wasn't until another server checked on us 30 minutes later that the food was finally prepared. Finally, when the food did arrive, one of our orders was wrong. At that point, we had both already gone over our allotted lunch hour, so my companion gave up and just ate what she had received. The server who noticed we never got food did apologize for the issue, but the original waitress who took the order never bothered to come by to apologize. Over an hour and half after our arrival we finally paid and left. I'll probably avoid going back with co-workers in the future - I can't keep taking such long lunch breaks. And I can't justify paying so much on a lunch at a place that doesn't seem to appreciate my business.
5	Shrimp and grits... nuf said!
5	Wow if you are in Vegas and want a great breakfast or lunch this is a must! Fantastic sandwiches and soup. I split a Rubin and it was just the right amount, I also split a Lettuce wedge. The blu cheese dressing was fantastic.  Please do yourself a favor and stop in for some great food!
4	Great food a must try while in Vegas!  Excellent breakfast! Everything here is fresh and it's a great escape from the buffet's or subpar food you will have while in Vegas.
2	I wanted to give this place a fair chance.  The food is good and  tad expensive,  $11 for a BLT with avocado a pickle and a choice of chips, potato salad or tomato soup.  Now I don't mind paying for the experience and food if it gave me that WOW factor.  However,  it is doubtful that I would make the trip down here again.   As a single diner I was passed up on a table that sat four people even though I was waiting prior to  the couple that was sat before me.  Apparently that  area is reserved for "larger parties" which I get, if it was in fact being made into a table to accommodate a large party.  However a two top was sat there instead of me.  Making me feel discriminated against.  I was then sat about five minutes later at a table that seats three.  When I brought the subject up with the manager I was told that is what the owner wants.  As another customer service individual I can be more understanding of a guest's feelings since it is all subjective and sometimes taken out of context.  But I will say this most of the other reviews are spot on with regards to poor customer service.  Guests make your business and to treat  a patron the way I was treated left me with a bad taste in my mouth that even the wonderful food could not take away.Just at add insult to injury as I left,  there was a single diner sitting on the side where the "large parties"  were supposed to sit!
5	By far my favorite place to eat in Vegas after living here for 8 months and trying so many new places. The vibe is cozy like a Seattle coffee shop, the food is divine, and the owner walks through the small dining area talking with guests. I love everything about this place. 5 stars all the way.
5	Delicious! Fantastic service. Came here MDW 2014 Saturday morning at 9:45am, seated for a party of 2 within 5 mins. They were already busy when we arrived. Right when we sat down, they asked if we wanted to ordered our drinks. Maybe less than 10 mins, waitress checked back to place our order for food:large orange juice- $6, it taste fresh, so I'm not sure if it's freshly squeezed or pre-madechicken fried steak- $14 Downtown eggs benedict $13-Side of turkey bacon $4Coffee $3
4	I arrived at 2:24 and the new host told us the last seating was at 2:30. He made it seem as if it was already 2:30 and could not seat us. I asked for the high top table and he said that area is closed. Then the manager looked straight at him and said it's okay to seat them there. So minus one star for the new host. I ordered the free range chicken sandwich with a side green salad. The chicken was juicy, lettuce/tomatoes very fresh, and the bread was thick and tasted homemade. Only complaint was that I could not taste the pesto flavor in the pesto mayonnaise. The manager Marisa gave us a sample of their biscuits with strawberry compote. The biscuits were made well and had the right amount of sweetness vs saltiness. Marisa is a great manager and you can tell she enjoys her job.I wonder why they close at 3 on weekdays and 2 on weekends. I would think it would be the opposite because of the weekends being busier. All in all I can tell they take pride in their food and I can't wait to come back and try them for breakfast.
4	Excellent breakfast and lunch spot off the strip near downtown Las Vegas. This place has a very cool urban vibe. Showed up at10:45 on a Saturday of holiday weekend and the wait for two was quoted at 20 minutes, but really we were seated in about 10-15. Other reviewers mentioned that the chicken fried streak is only served until 11, however our server said it was available all day on their brunch menu. We had the chicken fried steak and the huevos montulenos. Each came with a hearty portion of country potatoes and the chicken fried steak came with toast. Do yourself a favor and ask for jelly. The strawberry jelly they brought was delicious and fresh. Both dishes were good and totally different so it's hard to pick a favorite between the two. I was surprised that I did enjoy the sweetness of the banana in the huevos montulenos. The banana and the peas are what made the dish unique. Overall a good meal and I highly recommend.Tip-the container park is right across the street and makes for a fun walk after your meal.
3	We usually eat breakfast at Egg & I but deciding to try this place.What lured us in were the pic of the beignets which we found out are actually no longer on the menu! WTF!..Talk about false advertising. ..Then what breakfast place worth its weight in gold doesn't serve freshly squeezed orange juice..Especially after a long night of dancing and drinking. THIS is essential. ..Small yet quait with indoor/outside seating and decent decor and ambiance but who really cares about that at breakfast. ..Good food, Freshly squeezed juice options and great service is how we judge our Breakfast  spots. Whats saves this joint is The Food...fresh ingredients and righteous spicing are key..So if you're ok with decent service, no freshly squeezed oj but good food (without the beignets)Definitely give this place a try, at least once..
5	FANTASTIC! In from out of town and saw the great reviews so we had to try it. The food and service was perfect. Don't miss out!
1	Dear hostess at Eat, thank you for wasting my lunch hour due to you incompetence. I gave the hostess my name and party size, she told me it would 15 minutes. 30 minutes later I realize we still haven't been called. I go ask her how much longer and come to find out she never wrote down my name or party size. I left and will not be coming back.
4	Go a little joint in the new becoming artsy area in Downtown Vegas. it was cool to see the owner enjoying talks with her customers and since i read an article on her and her business i felt that was cool. i enjoyed there huge pancakes and food. totally recommend.
4	Breakfast time and it's time to EAT! Huevos Motulenos: hard tortilla base with beans, feta cheese, bananas and topped with over easy eggs smothered in a tomato base sauce and accompanied by potatoes. A dish that has a good balance of sweet (bananas) and savory. Shrimp and Grits: pretty much self explanatory, served with bacon strips, butterflied shrimp, topped with over easy eggs and homemade sauce. The eggs were something different but a nice touch. Biscuits with strawberry compote: biscuits that seemed to be baked with sugar and cinnamon for the crispy top smothered in a strawberry compote and topped with strawberries and blackberries. This was the highlight of our meal and it's a must get! It's usually served before the meal arrives. Overall great place to satisfy your breakfast hunger.
3	I was excited when I saw they had shrimp and grits! The grits were very runny and then mixed with the egg it was a slimey texture that I couldn't handle. My shrimp and grits are so much better. The chicken posole was amazing! Seriously as good as it gets. The ruben was good but it didn't have that bite you would expect from the  sauerkraut but the bread was really good and the sandwich was HUGE. I'd go back for the posole and to try something else. I hear they have the best pancakes in town. I just need to get there a little earlier for that.
4	I would have given this a five stars because the food is beyond very good. The only drawback is the noise level inside if not too hot sit outside in the shade. We split the Eggs Benedict and the cinnamon biscuit strawberry capote, both great taste and flavor. I'm not a big fan of breakfast potatoes but these were great my wife didn't want the iced tea because it was flavored. I like it really well.Paid parking on the street. Don't let this part of town scare you away from a great breakfast.
5	Jeez. Slap your momma good Mac and cheese and being from georgia that is comes with a lot of test trials
4	Delicious breakfast. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs.  Eggs fresh and their sourdough is crazy good. My only little criticism is the breading on my steak was a little oily (I get my gravy on the side ... yes, I'm one of those). Hubby had the grilled cheese with bacon ... to die for! Next time I'm trying the shrimp and grits.
3	If you blink you will miss it. So in that essence it fits the "hole in the wall" category. The parking however doesn't seem to be a problem since there is a lot if street parking all around the empty neighborhood. Inside the restaurant is a whole different story... It is alive with all the sounds of hustle and bustle coming from the open kitchen area and the echoing sounds of the warehouse style seating area coming from all the seated patrons. In short it's loud in here, definitely lively but wouldn't suggest this place if you are planning on having a conversation. The service is amazing so much so I thought at one point I had three servers since more than one person came to check on us. Now to the food. I ordered the downtown egg Benedict and there famous pancake and my husband had the two egg special. The plating of both were beautiful and the portions were generous but the flavors were not very memorable. Overall from a score of 1-10 I give  this place a 5
4	After seeing Anthony Bourdain dine here I drove directly to Eat after landing from So Cal. It was during a workday and found metered parking for a hour/$1.00.I was solo and sat at the counter which gave me a view of the chefs in action. Started off with a tasty satisfying cup of Joe. For my main entry, I had the pancakes, chicken sausage and added two poached eggs. The pancakes were some of the yummiest I've ever had. The chicken sausage went nicely with my medium poached eggs and the service from my waiter was friendly and spot on. Overall satisfied!The menu is southern influenced so I'm looking forward to returning and trying the  shrimp & grits or beignets.
5	The lovely chef was sitting outside as we walked up... Service, ambiance, everything was WONDERFUL. The pancakes are beyond words, and I'm a waffle girl. Simply the best I've ever eaten anywhere. Bar none the best brunch in town.
5	Wow I would highly recommend this place.  My friends and I started with the cinnamon strawberry biscuits and I never would've thought cinnamon and strawberry went together but they were amazing.  I then moved on to the pancakes. I can't tell you how amazing these pancakes are. They were so thick yet fluffy and they had a crunchy outside just like at home, amazing.  My friend has a BLT and it was fantastic it had avocado and the bread was thick and delicious.  It's a wait but it's worth the wait.
5	Back again last week Nd Happy to report they still rate 5 stars! I had the special of Prime Rib Hash.  Watch out the Regular Stack of Pancakes would have fed my wife twice! Nice location a short walk from all the glitz of Fremont Street Experience.
5	Great food. I absolutely love this place. Had the shrimp n grits and will be back again. Quick prompt and attentive service.
5	Excellent place off the strip. Good for couples, families, friends--especially people out of town looking for something without a slot machine in it, and yet, with delicious, local food.
5	My wife and I had a great experience here.  We enjoyed the ambience, food and the service.
3	I was excited to eat here because of all the Yelp raves about it. It's about 10 minutes from the strip and parking was easy (meter parking). Also the name of the restaurant is in a cool stylized font with the whole period thing at the end of the word eat--just makes you want to eat, right?I went with the Huevos Motulenos which I honestly didn't like--I'm not sure why so many people are nuts over this dish. I feel like the salsa just doesn't go well in a main course. It was an interesting concoction of food items I've never really had together but I wish I had gotten something else. I wanted to try the Truffled Egg Sandwich but they only serve it Monday through Friday. Their pancakes are huge.I want to give this place 4 stars, but I can't because were somewhat duped into buying an appetizer. So, you know how lots of restaurants give you free bread before your meal? Our waitress asked us, after serving us water, "would you like some biscuits?" Well, to us this sounded like pre-meal free bread so we said yes. What she really meant to say is, "would you like to start with an appetizer called the 'cinnamon biscuits, warm strawberry compote'?" The money wasn't the issue, but the trickery into ordering more on the menu. She might as well have started by saying, "would you like to start with the Dom Perignon?"The staff was very nice/efficient. I recommend checking this joint out if you want some breakfast off the strip. Is it worth taking a taxi here? No. I really only went because I had my car. Albeit, this is a decent breakfast eatery.
5	WOW! Just WOW! I love this place. Located next to the container park in downtown this little breakfast/brunch restaurant serves great food. The service is quick and they give very generous portions. I had the corned beef hash with two poached eggs and sourdough toast. It was great! The corned beef was tender and cooked with some potatoes and onions. It was delicious. The decor of the restaurant is very industrial but it is very cozy. Good food, good atmosphere, nuff said.
5	This place is a wonderful addition to downtown LV! Came here for brunch before a Saturday matinee. The atmosphere is a great blend of cozy/hole in the wall. Service was quick and the food was so flavorful! I recommend the Downtown Benedict and the chicken sausage with homemade strawberry compote.
3	I had bookmarked this spot because I saw some rave reviews about it a while back. Finally got around to eating here on my last trip and now I'm wondering what all the fuss was about. It's good, but nothing I had made it rise to greatness. Although, to be fair I didn't exactly order the most exciting thing on the menu. I got eggs. Two scrambled eggs, to be exact. And they came with smoked bacon and chive potatoes and toast, which was of the rye variety. All of the above was sufficiently cooked and tasty. None of it was particularly noteworthy, though I will point out that I give props to any place serving rye bread. If they really wanted to get on my good side, they'd serve pumpernickel or squaw. My gf ordered something called a "skinny jenny" which was pretty damn good. I don't know why they give it a girly, low-cal name that makes it sound like a dish catering to women. I would have ordered one, too, if it had a moniker that sounded more unisex. My eyes wandered right over it because it sounded like some health food thing tailored for girls trying to keep off the pounds.
4	We were looking for a good breakfast joint near downtown vegas and pulled this up on yelp. Decided to try it based on reviews and we were not disappointed! I ordered corned beef hash which was very flavorful and cooked perfectly. It came with 4 slices of amazing sourdough toast. My husband ordered the eggs benedict. The potatoes were ok (they needed a little salt), but we both loved the eggs benedict. The hollandaise sauce was light and delicious! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the limited menu choices.
3	Fun place to go and the food is average, but there are lots of choices.  Went back once, but will probably wait for a while before I go back.  Omlette House is still the best!
5	The best breakfast place in town!!!! Good food, good vibe, and amazing atmosphere! Downtown is the place to be for breakfast!
5	Yay! I was so happy to finally get to try this place! I'm so happy to see it doing well! The place was busy last Monday during lunch, full with very little wait. It is a casual breakfast/lunch joint. Breakfast ending at 11am. :( The BF was sad about that, he wanted to try the Chilaquiles. Which I think did say on the printed menu at the restuarant but that's not what we were worrying about at that time...it was what are we going to choose!! I had the free range chicken sandwich with fresh mozz, tomato and pesto mayo on ciabatta. So yummy!! You can get house made chips or potato salad and 'a really good pickle'. The waitress, who was nice and attentive, asked if I'd rather have the tomato salad, why of courese I want the lighter option!! The tomato salad was good! Cherry tomatoes with fresh sliced garlic, balsamlic dressing, basil...simple and yum! However, I wish it was not served in such a big bowl because it made the portion look super tiny. The non adventrous food eating BF had eggs, home fries and bacon. You can't go wrong. Their home fires are big pieces where most diners are smaller and end up mushy(but still yummy) I liked the stability of these yummy nuggets! I also of course love that they serve coffee from my friends at Colorado River Roaster!! SO glad to see more resturants serving their delicious local roasted coffee!We'll be coming here more often on Lunch Date Mondays, as it is super close to the BF's work! Yay! BF approved!
5	Love this little restaurant !  Started with strawberry/cinnamon busquits.  So yummy with compote strawberry on top.  I had amazing scrambled eggs, like what did they so to make it taste so good!  Then a pancake that was the best I ever ate.   Moist and fluffy on inside crispy on outside. I forgot to mention the coffee is outstanding .  Service was great.  Cool local feel.  Would go back for sure.
5	I came to meet a fellow co-worker for a Sunday breakfast and we had heard so much about this place.The hostesses were friendly and genuinely gracious.The menu was fun in its wording but the descriptions of their offerings were inviting.When we received our breakfast, the portions seemed more than adequate, when my co worker and I were done eating, we were definitely more than satisfied!Imagine down home cooking with an upscale flair.Even the atmosphere felt like I was amongst a large family gathering.I definitely would recommend this place to anyone!
4	Went to breakfast here with a friend and really I'd love to give 3.5 stars but I'll round up to 4. The service was ok although everyone seemed bugged at us asking questions like do you serve alcohol (no) do you have peanut butter (no) is there anything off the menu (no but then yes when asked about an online advertised eggs Benedict) my friend got the eggs Benedict it had spinach and applewood bacon (delish) I got the chilaquiles so good! Very clean flavor pallets and we also had a short stack to share FYI way too much food none of it was finished but all was really good! I don't live near down town so won't frequent but won't be top on my list either.
5	Loved the decor and the vibe. Great breakfast/brunch spot downtown. It's fantastic to have a place in Vegas that isn't a touristy breakfast spot and it made me think of breakfasting in other cities I have visited like San Diego. It's great to have a unique little culinary treat to add some culture that isn't a gut-busting breakfast buffet or a greasy spoon (nothing wrong with those if that is what you are looking for). The coffee was amazing. It was one of the best cups of coffee I have had in a while. I ravenously consumed the shrimp and grits and it did not disappoint. The flavor combination hit the spot.
5	When you're in Vegas, it's hard to stand out as a restaurant because there are just so many amazing places to eat!  The competition is so great that you really have to be something to stand up against the glorious buffets, gourmet foods, and restaurants run by world famous chefs.  Even so, eat. blew me away!  It's located very close to downtown Vegas so is perfect for those who want to avoid the crowds on the strip for a bit or those staying in downtown. Think comfort food, with a delicious twist!  A very, very delicious twist.  I had the Truffled Egg Sandwich which was by far, the most amazing sandwich I have ever had.  With every bite, I just wanted to melt.  I liked it so much that I didn't want the ciabatta bread to tone down any of the flavor, so I forgo the bun and ate just the inside like I would a scramble.  Then, I ate the bread separately because I realized that some of the flavor actually soaked inside!  The Corned Beef Hash and Cinnamon Biscuits with Strawberry Compote were not as wonderful as the Truffled Egg Sandwich, but still were both divine.I would like to add that when eating here, I was incredibly full, so I know that I wasn't enjoying my food simply because I was starving.  :P
1	Don't understand the high ratings. Atmosphere of the place is cool but the food is lacking. Mix flavors that should not be mixed and dishes lack the right type of flavor. I got the huevos with red and green salsas and both of the salsas themselves lacked flavor but then there were all kinds of random other things in the dish which just didn't fit. And I wouldn't be as disappointed if it was a cheap breakfast place by for the hefty price tag of this dish it is not worth what you get.
5	I think this may be a little local find that we stumbled upon. Staff was quick, food was excellent, menu had good choices enough for me to want to go out of my way next time I'm here and pick something else on the menu. Thanks for a good breakfast/lunch!
5	I had some time to kill before a show at the Smith Center, so I found eat. on yelp for good brunch!  Eat. is in downtown Vegas.  Since it was my first time, the area really didn't look as good as the strip. Eat. is on the corner of 7th and Carson.  I found street parking easily on 7th ($1 / hour, max 2 hours).  There are pay stations everywhere conveniently.  I had a party of 6, so I had to wait to be seated until entire party was present.  I was on a time crunch though, so when the rest of the party was still parking, the manager let me be seated first.  We were able to get a table right away and put in our orders before it got too late.  On a Saturday afternoon, I thought it was still busy.  Some parties had a short 10-15 minute wait.  This restaurant reminded me of Cheeky's in Palm Springs - very good brunch place with outdoor seating.Food was really good.  As I was perusing the menu, I wanted to order everything!  I couldn't decide what to get because they all sounded really good.  My shrimp and grits had plenty of shrimp ($13).  I did not feel ripped off, and there were 2 big pieces of bacon in it!  The portion was enough to share with 2 people.  The cinnamon biscuit with strawberry compote was perfect ($8). The 4 biscuits were not dry at all, and the compote was not too sweet.  They looked so cute - disc-shaped.  My friends who had Huevos Montulenos $12, Chicken Fried Steak $14, and the eggs benedict $13 thought their dishes turned out really well, too.  Everything pretty much had huge serving sizes.  I love that!  Next time I'll probably try the arugula salad or the pancakes..mm..I really like the service here.  Everyone is so friendly and NOT stuck up, which is something I'm used to with a popular hipster cafe/restaurant.  The hostess was  accommodating, even though she had to get a manager to authorize seating us early..She was still nice about it.  Our server Marissa was nice and helped us quickly since we were in a rush.I will definitely be back next time!
4	I missed breakfast!  (A little too much craft beer at Public House the night prior). We didn't get here until 12:30My wife and I split the Truffle Egg Sandwich!   Awesome stuff - it came on a super soft ciabatta bun with fluffy scrambled eggs, grilled wild mushrooms in truffle oil, and two monstrous strips of bacon on it.  The house potatoes were rather good although I'm normally more of a hash brown guyThe shrimp and grits were worth fighting over.  Strips of bacon covered on creamy grits, egg over easy, shrimp cooked to perfection with a pico de gallo type sauce over it.   Our server suggested a side of sourdough to dip in the grits which was a great suggestion.  Anthony Bourdain was right, this place rocks. Now food coma has set in and we just have to find a cab to get back to the hotel
5	eat. is my new favorite restaurant. I've heard nothing but good things about eat. and finally got to stop by for breakfast. Even on a Wednesday morning at 10AM, eat. was poppin'. The hostess who greeted us was beyond friendly and sat us at a small booth. I was immediately taken by the decor of the restaurant- It's simplistic and trendy at the same time.Now for the food. My oh my the food was delicious. I ordered a short stack of pancakes ($6) and my husband ordered the truffled egg sandwich with a side of seasoned potatoes ($12). My pancakes were golden brown, thick, moist, and fluffy. They were hands down, the BEST pancakes I've ever had. The syrup presented with the pancakes was in an adorable little jar. There were 2 pancakes, but they were so huge I couldn't even finish my plate. The Mister pretty much demolished his plate and stuffed himself into an "itis" state.The service was amazing! Can I just say that eat. has the cutest handful of waitresses I've ever seen in a restaurant? Bottom line: All the staff at eat. pitches in to make sure customers are happy. Me and the hubs can't wait to come back and try out their lunch menu!
4	Delicious!! This was my post EDC recovery meal.It's in downtown, but kind of located right next to some residential apartment housing blocks. Not too much sun cover walking over from my hotel, but there seems to be plenty of street parking. I should have just drove over...We were seated right away at around 12:30pm on a Monday with a party of 2. Service was quite fast and friendly. Actually, some waitress came over to chat about EDC with us, that was fun! :)Anyhoo, based on recommendations, I got the Truffled Egg Sandwich. Yeah. It's goood. Eggs and mushrooms are rich and earthy. Bread is soft, warm, and wonderful. Bacon is crispy and delicious. I was a bit too full for the potatoes though!Beverage of the passionfruit iced tea. It's unsweetened, but with a bit of the raw sugar in it, it's great! Comes with free refills too.Mildly pricey but totally worth it.
5	What can I say about this gem. Prompt polite and pleasant service.  Trendy hip vibe. Great tasting food on the lunch menu. I had a chicken sandwich that was fresh, not over cooked, and on a soft roll. The vegetarian had a tofu and veggie sandwich that she claimed was pretty good.  We also tried there vegetarian chilli.  I would order it and i am a meat eater. the one outright i didn't care for was the potato salad. It tasted some bought out of one of those plastic tubs.  Don't worry though because you should be ordering the  delicious home made potato chips anyway.
4	We took the family here for a fourth of July treat. Parking was a breeze.  Food was amazing. I had the special of the day, prime rib hash. It was perfect!!! Service was good with a nice atmosphere. I will definitely go back.
3	Wasn't bad but wasn't good. My parents raved about it and gave me the cool story of this up-and-coming neighborhood plus the investment opportunities given to local business owners while we were driving here. I was pretty hyped on arrival but left with a lot to be desired. First, Pepsi products. Meh.The $4 sparkling lemonade was poured into a glass from a bottle. No real fruit or labor. Definitely overpriced.The pancakes were too breadyThe Huevos Motulenos: Eggs, chili, beans, cheese, tortilla and... bananas? Would have been okay except for the bananas. Didn't add anything to it and definitely tasted as weird as it sounds.Service was attentive so that knocks them up to 3 stars.
5	This is my favorite downtown breakfast place. They make lots of yummy items. My favorite as of now is the huevos moltolenos. Who would have thought that eggs, black beans, peas and bananas would go well together? Chef Nat! Thats who! Friendly staff also! Ive been here at least a dozen times and will continue to go back!
3	On this visit I was not as impressed with the food as I was on my first visit.I came here for breakfast and ordered the 2 egg breakfast which comes with bacon, potatoes, and your choice of bread. My friend decided on the golden brown pancakes.While waiting for our food, the waiter puts down a side plate of packets of butter and 2 miniature containers of syrup. My friend and I decided to ask the owner about her choice of serving pre packaged butter and syrup. She told us it was more sanitary, they could tell how much syrup each customer used, and was more cost effective. Her answer was satisfactory until I really thought about it and my side of English muffins came out. The butter packet was on top of the English muffin and it was barely toasted and soggy. I thought to myself how many times those butter packets have been handled and how unsanitary it was sitting on top of my English muffin. On to the two eggs breakfast I ordered and my friends golden pancakes. The breakfast was fine however, the chicken apple sausage was very greasy. My friends pancakes were tasty but also greasy and the portion was ginormous.
5	Awesome! Great food. Very flavorful. The menu is small....that's a good thing. We had breakfast there on a trip to Vegas. From the coffee to shrimp and grits. You can't go wrong. "Eat" here!
4	Nice eatery spot. Had the grits and shrimp along with a pancake.  Very tasty.  The grits could have been seasoned a little more but were very good.  Now the pancake was extremely delightful and cooked to perfection.  The only thing I would recommend is for them to invest in a good maple syrup to be served warm other than using the miniature packaged jar. Would definitely go back as everything looked good to eat.
4	I'm so glad that we found this place and will definitely come back. It's a little bit of drive off the strip and as you pull up, it seems a little sketchy due to the neighborhood/attached to some kind of motel/travel lodge, but luckily it's a pleasant surprise as you walk in. It has a really homey/welcoming decor, great service, & food.The highlight of our breakfast was definitely the cinnamon biscuits with strawberries - it was like a dessert, but SO DELICIOUS. I got the truffle egg sandwich which was a B+ (it was good, but not great and the potatoes that accompanied it was just ok as well), but my partner got the Chilaquiles which was an A++ due to flavors and just really  yummy.  Anyway, I hope this place does well and that more people make it off the strip to try it. It's just a different experience than some place like Hash A Go Go so if you want a good breakfast - definitely try this place out.
5	Brilliant service and awesome food!Best brunch place!!The best pancakes I have ever tasted!Service is excellent....big plus...u have a charging point inside at every other table almost which is awesome ;)
5	Ok, so it's not perfection, but I have to give it 5 stars based on what I see passes as a "4 star" place for breakfast/brunch on the Strip. Eat blows them out of the water.Service is friendly and efficient; helpful with a smile. What more do you need?Ambiance is cute, mildly hipster, but nothing over the top. Just a bunch of people digging good food.As for the food, the standouts for us were the Truffled Egg Sandwich and the pancakes. The pancake had a sublime lightness to them with a perfectly thin crispy exterior. Seriously one of the best I've had in a long time. Potatoes on the side were great as well. Other food was less than amazing (Chicken Fried Steak tasted good, but was just a little over done and the steak wasn't pounded quite thin enough, and Chilaquiles just lacked some oomph), but still good for the eating.Well worth the trip to downtown LV. Afterwards, we walked through the Container Park right across the street. Neat stuff.
5	I'm not going to lie! I love food and I really can be a food snob! This place is amazing! Best pancakes I've ever had! The service was great. The prices are average. Located in a cool downtown artsy area. This is a definite regular spot! If people visit this place is always on the list for breakfast!
4	This is great food, I am a corn beef hash snob. These guys have their own take on a classic and the do it deliciously. You can seethe food being prepared and the quality ingredients they use.
3	Stopped in for breakfast on 7/13/2014. We were seated after a few minute wait. I had the shrimp and grits and my girlfriend had the country fried steak with pork gravy. We thought the food was good, maybe slightly under seasoned for our taste. Our food came out rather quickly. The service was fantastic. We will definitely return.
5	Hip. Downtown. And Hip. This was one of the first places to put downtown on the map. eat. is always crowded and the food is very good (alas not great). Nothing I hate more than to hear someone who hasnt been to Vegas in years start dogging downtown. Past tense my friend.--- eat. has a very cosmopolitan crowd and should be the first step in enjoying the downtown experience. And besides I think Natalie smiled at me- who could want anything more.
5	It is a little bit of a walk from from the Downtown expirence but worth it.  The service is great the community table was fun.  But the truffle egg sandwich stole the show. Enjoy. It is behind not in container park
4	My ice water is literally the perfect temperature and I'm waiting on my roast beef sandwich!
4	What a delicious place! We were downtown for the day, trying to escape the Strip experience, and found this little spot. I got the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup. The other people I was with got shrimp & grits, pancakes, and chicken fried steak so I was able to sample a little bit of everything.The grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup was great! The sandwich was nice and thick and the cheese was nice and melty. I felt a bit ridiculous eating hot soup when it was 100+ degrees out, but I do love tomato soup and ended up scarfing down the whole thing.The shrimp and grits were good as well and the pancakes came with sausages which was a nice touch. I've never had a chicken fried steak I've liked, so I'm a bad judge as to how the one at eat. compares but the guy who ordered it had no complaints. Our waitress was extremely hospitable as well! Highly recommended!!!
4	This review is for eat.'s occasional fried chicken dinner, which only happens so often and requires advance payment and reservation.Always intriguing when a classically trained chef like Natalie takes on traditional food, and eat's fried chicken dinner is no exception.  A promised all-you-can-eat fried chicken meal with all the traditional fixings for $38 (cash only).It begins with homemade biscuits and cornbread, both warm as if only recently taken from the oven.  The biscuits are hearty, the cornbread perhaps too fluffy as it came apart very easily.  Both are accompanied by butter and artisan honey, which was a great dip for the biscuits (and the chicken skin as well).The entree is a mix of fried chicken served alongside mashed potatoes, collard greens, cheddar mac and cheese, and corn on the cob.  The chicken is well-cooked, with a batter of a unique blend of spices (guessing paprika, a touch of pepper, seasoned salt, and some oregano-like herb).  The collards are tasty with a hint of pepper kick, the mac and cheese is no-frills made with tasty cheddar, and the corn is seasoned with paprika.  The mashed potatoes weren't all too memorable, but skipping that at least leaves more room for the chicken.The meal is capped off by warm peach cobbler with a dollop of fresh cream on top.  Fresh peaches, warm from the oven, and the cream supplied a satisfying note that helped temper the heat and sweetness of the cobbler.The vibe for these dinners is a friendly one, people introduce themselves and experience the food alongside each other.  Natalie makes the rounds herself in her traditional plaid shirt and chuck taylors, making for a real communal ambiance that's in short supply in this town.You have to either visit regularly or follow eat. on Facebook to find out when the next one is, but once it's announced, get tickets and plan the diet accordingly.  This has to be one of the more unique dining experiences the already vibrant Vegas' dining scene provides.
5	Oh...my...goodness!  We just had the best breakfast experience.   My husband had the Chicken Fried Steak and I swear I saw his O face three times!  Haha!  The potatoes were seasoned perfectly and the country gravy was awesome.  I had the pancakes.  3 huge, fluffy with slightly crispy edges of goodness.  I don't eat lots of carbs so this was a perfect treat! They needed nothing on them!Service was great, very attentive and friendly.  This fun and funky hole in the wall joint is totally a do again.
5	The food here is fresh and prepared just right. I had a simple apple wood smoked bacon, eggs, home potatoes and a pancake. The home potatoes are seasoned perfectly. The bacon was crispy and full of flavor and the eggs were prepared as they should be. I had them scrambled but scrambled should be cook just before done then plated, that's where they finish cooking. Now the pancake.... A slight crisp to it and the inside fluffy and flavorful. The wait staff is pleasant and helpful if it's your first time. I'll be back again and again. There is a wait and a little tight in the waiting area but again worth the wait. Enjoy your meal.
1	So disappointed!!! Arrived at Eat today at 11:45. We were so excited to finally try this place and had high hopes. We were a party of 13 and were told it would be an hour and 1/2. An hour and 1/2 seemed long but based on our party we accepted it and agreed to wait. We asked the hostess to take our number as we had 7 kids and wanted to let them play at the Container Park. The hostess agreed and said she would call us. About an hour and 15 min later we called to make sure things were on time. At that time I talked to a man who said they were running behind and it would be at LEAST 45 more minutes. This was VERY frustrating- not only would this be a 2 hour wait, it was 110 degrees we had 7 hungry kids AND they had our phone number and never called to tell us they were running behind. What ever happened to a professional courtesy or just good business practices.. We tried to wait and eventually 30 minutes later ended up down the road at La Comida. Later our friend called, talked to a manger who basically told her it wasn't their policy to "call" people because people "like her" usually don't answer their phones!!! Needless to say she was quite offended. We waited by the phone and were not "those people"! He then said they opened at 8:00 tomorrow if we wanted to come back. He said he wasn't prepared to offer anything for the inconvenience. Overall pretty bad experience and I don't think we will give them another chance. Get it together EAT!!!
5	Eat your heart out!I absolutely enjoyed brunch!!! *Shrimp & Grits*Cinnamon Biscuits*Chive Potatoes*Pancakes Definitely a must try and I will be back indefinitely... Short wait... Fast and friendly service!!
4	To start off, I had the Killer Grilled Cheese Sandwich (WITH BACON!!!) with Tomato Soup. I came on a trip to visit my friend who now lives in Vegas with a party of 7.Food: the food was so awesome. My sandwich was loaded with bacon. It's not one of those places that charges you several bucks for bacon and only puts two strips. They LOADED the bacon. (Thank you, Eat. I love you for that) The soup was super fresh and very tasty. It was topped with aged cheddar that was pretty much the cherry on top. The servers are very attentive and the cafe gives off such a good vibe. The decor is very hip and gives off an essence that Downtown Las Vegas is definitely trying to give off and own. I would come here again definitely.Note: I wouldn't suggest coming in very large groups.
2	The food was good; however I believe restaurants in Las Vegas have forgotten the meaning of customer service. We went in around 10:30am on a weekday because this place gets really busy during peak breakfast and lunch hours. We got our bill and put 2 cards for them to split the check. They ran both cards and included a note about check splitting, i.e. "Dear check splitters, when we are slammed we will only take one card per table." I found this note after-the-fact quite rude, especially since they were not slammed. I see that it's a small place so a quick turnover is necessary. Still, this was an absolutely rude way to enforce a no check splitting policy. The policy was posted nowhere prior to paying our bill, nor was the note there when they brought us the check. I find this to be a ridiculous policy as far as customer service goes, but what was the point of telling us AFTER they split the check. Was this meant to "shame" us? If they are trying to let us know for "next" time, no worries with the multitude of restaurants available in Las Vegas, neither one of us will ever go back, that was so rude.
5	The cinnamon biscuits are awesome, and I almost always get the farm raised chicken sandwich.I normally hate potato chips with my meal, but Eat.'s are seasoned amazingly and always cooked to perfection.
5	New to Vegas and was exploring Container Park when we were told by a local about eat. We're beyond happy she did! Great feel and environment in the restaurant. Best Iced Tea I've ever had and we both loved our lunches. I got the Reuben and my wife got the grilled cheese with the tomato soup. If you're in the area.....GO!
5	If you are in Vegas and dont have a meal at Eat your trip is not complete. Fresh and kind of Funky fun staff will treat you right and the Coffee is perfect after a night of drinking.
5	I found this place on Yelp and decided to try it based on the reviews. I took my boyfriend and a couple of friends for breakfast. Amazing service, amazing food!!!! I got the truffled egg sandwich without the bread and my boyfriend got the shrimp and grits. Both dishes were mind blowing. This is in a not so nice area of downtown and is a fantastic little gem. I'm hoping to go back tomorrow for breakfast before we fly home. Their lunch menu looks great too!! A couple of tips: they don't split checks when they're busy and they only seat complete parties.
5	This place was better than expected. Sure, the neighborhood might be a little...questionable, but eat. makes sure to delight. I ordered the grilled cheese, and BLT so my best friend and I could try two things and we still aren't sure which we liked better. I'm going to go back soon so I can try their breakfast menu. I wish they served breakfast all day considering they are only open till 3.
5	This place is so bomb! Food is delicious, proportions are just right and the atmosphere is always welcoming. It definitely gets super busy, especially if you're trying to hit up a Sunday brunch but the line usually moves pretty quickly and there's a lot to keep you preoccupied while waiting so I usually don't mind.As for the food now the menu changes every so often, which isn't a bad thing. I used to get the Downtown Benny, which was basically and eggs benedict, eat. style, but I believe that is off the menu now. The beignets were very tasty while they were offering them, but those were replaced with cinnamon biscuits with strawberry compote which are ever better. The Huevos Montellenos are really good as well, there's a surprisingly nice mixture of favors that compliment each well, so I would recommend that. Shrimp and grits are probably the best I've ever had, although I do not eat shrimp and grits often but it was de-lish here. Lastly, the Chicken Fried Steak, holy cow! Amazing. I would have never know how good a Chicken Fried Steak could be had not my boyfriend ordered. That's not really an item on the menu that calls out to me, but eat's was epic. A little heat to it, but I think that's what made it. Oh yeah, the portion for that is pretty big too.
5	I really like this place for a downtown dining option. My parents love the place as well. The truffled egg sandwich is so decadent and full of flavor. The country fried steak and eggs were spot on perfection. Add this to the super friendly service and you have a 5 star review! This is located right next to the container park so parking may be scarce at times, but with Carson kitchen and o-faced doughnuts right down the street it's a new hip locals scene.
4	I came to eat, I ate...and you should too! It takes an epic "Buzz" factor to divert my attention from the glitz glamour and opulence of the Las Vegas strip. After  several locals suggested this eatery, our brunch venue decision was unanimous. The location/building is quaint at first glance however the dining room is lofty, modern, and quite comfortable. My friend and I both ordered the 2 eggs brunch (I debated between that and the shrimp & grits). My meal included 2 eggs, country potatoes, bacon, and toast all of which I devoured within minutes. The portion size was perfect and while my selection may be quite comon in most American diners, eat quickly earned the #1 spot in areas of taste, value, and individuality. Our server (thin girl w/nose ring) was extremely friendly and warm, she offered suggestions and took care of us throughout our brunch hour. Will I be back, YES. Would I suggest eat to others, Yes! Enjoy!
5	Wow!!... What took me so long to finally get here.  When you finally go. . All If they have deviled eggs...simply AWESOME!!!
5	Saw EAT on yelp and decided to stop in for lunch. I am so glad we did.... wow.... I was really impressed. Atmosphere is so nice, even though the neighborhood is a little rough.I had the DWBLTA sandwich (smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and chipotle mayo on sour dough bread) with the tomato soup. The sandwich was fantastic... everything was fresh and the sourdough bread was perfect. The tomato soup was seriously the best I have ever had! If you go to EAT definitely try the tomato soup!My husband had the Shrimp and Grits, which is one of their signature dishes, it was incredible as well.We will definitely be back!
4	Took the City bus (it was $8 for a 24hr bus pass) from the strip, got off at Fremont Street and walked I'm guessing around 10 blocks to Eat. We were there on a Sunday and they closed at 2pm as it said on Yelp, I called just to make sure and they told me their last seating was at 1:30pm and yes they close at 2. We walked in around 1:15pm, party of 2 and were seated right away. I looked over to my left to see this girl eating this huge portion of Chicken Fried Streak...it looked really good and I almost ordered it but after reading on Yelp how everyone loved the Shrimp & Girts I decided I would just have to come back for what she had. My friend ordered the Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup, she said it was amazing. I enjoyed my Shrimp & Grits , so good I wanted more. Good size filling portions for sure.We also shared a order of the Cinnamon Biscuits which I didn't expect them to come out the way they did all covered in the most beautiful strawberry sauce. I thought they were just going to be biscuits with a strawberry/cinnamon jam to spread on to but oh no, it was like eating a dessert and since I don't like to share my dessert I was kind of sad I was sharing this...it was soooooo good. Whenever I come back I will always order the Cinnamon Biscuits to start. The only 2 things I didn't like about the place (and my reason I didn't give 5 stars) was they don't serve alcohol which I was surprised since it is Vegas, I really wanted to get a Mimosa or some kind of fun brunch drink....we just got off the plane a few hours ago and I was dying for something.  What I did get was the Passion Fruit Ice Tea which I wouldn't order again due to not tasting any of the passion fruit what so ever. Really I give 4.5 starsI'll be back!
4	First impression great, feels like California. Shrimp and grits love it and the cinnamon biscuit yummy. I love the crunch on the pancakes. I wish they had andouille sausage and or Portuguese sausage with the shrimp and grits, still very good.
5	Trip 2 to eat.  Just as ahhh-amazing as last time.  I had the Downtown Benedict.  Their hollandaise is super creamy and just the right balance of flavors.  I'm not a fan of cooked tomatoes so next time I'll order it without it but the spinach is a great addition to the classic Benedict.  Sat at the counter this time and had a blast watching the kitchen.  We couldn't believe how efficiently they pump out such delicious food.  Young blonde expeditor was great to watch her control the kitchen! Super job! Oh we'll be back....soon!
4	My husband loved his Downtown Eggs Benedict and the coffee was good and strong. My shrimp and grits was more like seafood chowder. There was so much sauce I couldn't get a good bite of grits. The shrimp was pure rubber. Expect a bit of a wait but good for downtown.
5	Food is deliciously comfortable.  Small local charm is evident in the dining room.  Local ownership has been here during both of my visits.  Feels good to join them for breakfast.  Oh and yeah those Deviled Eggs are the most wonderful thing since before sliced bread.  They weren't on the menu but they were so yummy we could have had more of them as our meal.
5	Love this place.  Shrimp and grits!  Thoughtful menu.  Well prepared. Great flavors.
4	Just, perfectly good! Our Server was simply AWESOME which made the food & the experience that much better! The cinnamon bread brunch "app" was just pure YUMMINESS!!! The Chicken Fried Steak was GREAT but that gravy was AMAZING! The grits, were GREAT!
5	The food was awesome!  I had the two eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast which was awesome!  I also tried the deviled eggs which were coated in panko, these were so delicious..I don't think I can eat regular deviled eggs now!  My nephew had the short stack of pancakes with blueberries..they were able delicious!  Had the fresh strawberry lemonade to drink..yummy!  Excellent service from our server sheana to the host and busser!  I will be back!
5	Fantastic.  Got the shrimp and grits it was so good. Staff is amazing. Sat at the bar and watched the chef and crew in action. Lemme tell you watch if I could of ate everything that came out of the kitchen I would. It looked soooo good. This is a must go while in Vegas. You can beat good food and good folks!  Come to Eat!
3	Really a 3.75.  I had the shrimp and grits.  I too though they were watery like many of the reviews here.  I love shrimp and grits and have it it all over the south.  If EAT would just tighten them up a bit with some sort of cheese it would make them loads better.  My friend had the truffled egg sandwich and he said it was great.  Be warned, it's very loud so don't expect to have much of a conversation.
5	I love eating breakfast and brunch here.  Great food and amazing ambience.
5	Great comfort food...absolutely love everything they bring to dining...food..vibe...service.The best country fried steak I have ever eaten.
5	Amazing food with great service. Had the shrimp and grits with a pancake. Everything was cooked to perfection.  The presentation nice with a great aroma and delicious flavors. A must try.
4	EAT ... ATE ... Enjoyed it!Corned Beef Hash ($14): Chunks of corned beef with savory potatoes, 2 poached eggs and 4 pieces of sourdough toasted to perfection. Realy enjoyed the toast here. The portion size was fair but a little on the pricier side for a brunch item. Eggs Benedict ($13): Wasn't my favorite item =/ breadding on bottom was sweet and turkey bacon was used instead of regular. Poo. I love turkey bacon but a girl's trying to get some delicious bad food in me while in Vegas!! However, the caramelized onions and potatoes were on point.Free-Range Chicken Sandwich ($12): This dish sounds average and something you can get anywhere but my oh my. The chicken wasn't dry. The pesto, mozzarella cheese and pesto blend was beyond perfect. I tried savoring every last bite of it! YUM. I tend to lean more on brunch items during brunch hours but this dish is one to get!All dishes were decently sized. Hipster type of atmosphere. Location is off.. it's underneath an apartment/studio complex! Lots of metered street parking for $1/hour. Something to try while out in Vegas!
4	Shrimp & grits & a shrimp po boy. Believe the hype people!! Would've done 5 stars but service kinda lagged altho it wasn't super busy our waiter left our drinks empty for a awhile..but food is 5 stars for sure !
5	This place is probably one of the best places I ate during the 4 days I was in Las Vegas. It's a little off the beaten path, 2-3 blocks from Freemont and off the Strip in general but this place was PACKED on Saturday morning. I came in a group of 6 people and we were told it would be about a 20-30 minute wait; no big deal to us since the place looked very busy. When we did sit down our waitress was super friendly and we got our drinks quickly; the sparkling strawberry lemonade was possibly the best lemonade I'd had on the trip. I got a Chicken Fried Steak and I have to say it was the best one I've had at a restaurant ever. The gravy was what you want in a gravy; those superb lumps of bacon/sausage with that peppery bite. The steak was cooked to perfection, tasty on the inside and well seasoned with an awesome amount of crunch on the outside all served on top of eggs and potatoes. The potatoes were perfectly cooked, soft on the inside and that golden sear on the outside. Waitress was super friendly and had a great sense of humor! The wait for the tables in a big group is worth is 100% and if I ever go back to Las Vegas this is definitely on the list of places I would eat at again.
2	I've eaten here twice now. The food was good but on the second trip I noticed the waitresses doing the 'touchdown' when refilling water. This turned my stomach and could no longer drink my water. It is also very noisey at lunch time so much so that I can't hear the people at the same table with me.
5	Perky, edgy, chill/energy and executes eggs/ toast to perfection. Kinda what humans would set up if they weren't at war in "dawn planet of the apes" with protective fencing - but I'm bananas for this place $4 oj was surprising but hey it was good, they're next to tesla super charger and it's Vegas... Superfine service at counter from Ally (sp?)
1	Worst service ever! Walked at 2:28 and they would not even seat our party of 7. 3 different hosts were very rude and explained that they can close whenever they like even though a time of 3pm is shown everywhere for a Friday. Very disappointed at such a waste of time and such rudeness by 3 different members of their staff. As a local I will NOT be coming back ever again!
5	Food was fantastic and unique. We tried their deviled eggs appetizer, amazing!!!!! The heuvos motulenos dish was tasty and different. However, very worth a try. Staff was friendly and johnny on the spot.
4	Get out your GPS and hunt this joint down. Well worth the trip if you are an out-of-towner in search of seriously good eats.
5	Incredible little place downtown. Made me feel like I was back in Chicago, not downtown Las Vegas.
3	I would give it 3.75. Never would guess a cool little breakfast spot would be located under some shady apartments on 7th street. Sat at the bar and ate. Could see right into the very small kitchen. I only had scrambled eggs and bacon which are nothing to rave about but it's hard to mess those up. Some of the other dishes that came out of the kitchen looked great!  I'll have to try the pancakes next time!  Would definitely come back.
5	Great food. The fueled eggs are awesome.  A must try!! The staff was friendly and good with orders.
5	Came here yesterday for a late breakfast/ lunch & it was just as good as I anticipatedWe were, luckily, seated right before it started to get busy (around 12/ 1 p.m.) & we ordered a few diff things - Deviled Eggs on special, the Truffled Egg Sandwich, Reuben, & 2 orders of the Tofu Scramble... Everyone was happy with their food (including me), but I did find my entire Tofu Scramble dish unnecessarily covered in oil; But I tried hard to look past that since there was such a good dish underneath. As if it didn't already sound good enough, it tasted even better! I loved the mushrooms & sprouts, & even thought the thick-cut wheat toast was noteworthy - Everything just really worked! The recipe itself is a great one & I would order this over & over againWhile the service started off good, with the workers carrying drinks & explaining the specials right away, it unfortunately depleted throughout our meal & I wasn't much of a fan by the time we leftSome workers were okay but our actual waitress neglected us the entire time we were there, failed to check on us even once, & completely ignored a question/ concern we had about the food & did nothing to help us fix the problem we addressed. Even though it wasn't a big deal, I feel she could have done a much better job esp. after seeing someone else quickly resolve our issue for us, when they weren't even the one that was supposed to be waiting on our table. I also have to say that I hate when people put the bill down on the table MINUTES after we've just received food, but I suppose this was her way of saying that she was done with our table & no longer planned to do much else for us... As this was clearly indicative of her service thereafter. She hardly even deserved a tip since she did next to nothing, but we tried to be niceAnyway, I am only giving this place 5 stars for the food & environment, not the serviceAlso, you must pay & park in the street. They do not have any designated parking, so it will cost you a couple bucks while you eat here :p Thus turning a 15-20$ meal into something over 20 bucks... May be worth it though!
5	I live right around the corner from this place and finally gave it a shot.  The food was excellent. I just had eggs, bacon and potatoes but they were damn good. The service was good but there could have been they need more sense of urgency, of course me being a server myself and always working in very fast paced establishments may tend to be a little more critical and pay way to much attention to every detail when going out to eat.  The decor is amazing and very charming. Over all outstanding dining experience.
3	Thanks to the visionary genius of Lord Tony (Hsieh) of Zappos fame and the collaboration of the DTP (DownTown Project), the panhandlers, hookers, and homeless are slowly being edged out by the hipsters, geeks and startups.  I work downtown, and there are a few (very few) good places to eat in the area.  Container Park has a few, and right across the street from Container Park is eat.  It's convenient to our office, so this is what tends to entice a lot of us to pick something up.eat is loud, always crowded, and fast-paced.  I do feel, however, that the food is a skitch overpriced.  I walked in on Tuesday (8/19) and was informed of a fabulous pulled pork sandwich special.  I agreed, but when she rang it up? $16.  $16? This pork sandwich better make me sing in the streets!Overall, the food is good, but I think they hype lends itself to a little smidgen of price gouging.
4	Showed up at 2:30 on a Thursday. Right before the kitchen closed. The server was friendly and recommended the truffle egg sandwich. The food took not even 10 minutes. It was fantastic. The egg was fluffy, the bread was light and buttery oooo. One star less because parking sucks.
2	Stopped in here for a late breakfast. After being seated asked the server how they brewed the coffee. "Ugh in a machine." Yeah thought I could possibly get an espresso or pour over. Order the downtown eggs Benedict. Came out soggy and over salted. Husband ordered the chicken fried steak and say he won't be back.
4	Decided to make a trip downtown to check out the Container Park and thought  it would be a great time to finally try this much lauded eatery (8/3/14)!  It was 1 pm (an hour before they close) and raining outside and we were told the wait would be approximately 30 minutes.  I anticipated this, brought an umbrella, and my husband and his son ran down to check out the famous O-Face Donuts (win-win as I would now have three places checked off on my Yelp bucket list!).  Near the half-hour mark, the hostess came outside and told me it would not be much longer and offered the counter but I declined.  There was room to wait inside so I went in.  Two people came  in and they were almost immediately taken to a table (albeit by a different hostess/staff) which did irritate me as we were now hitting the 40 minute mark.  The other hostess returned and must have noticed what had occurred and told me we would have a table right away (and I did see her talk to the other server).  We sat down (with our O-Face donut loot ).  Our server came over and took our drink order.  He was friendly but he did appear to be slightly ready to be" done" (it was now very close to 2 pm) for the day (and I completely sympathize with that).  We quickly made up our minds; Killer grilled cheese with kick-ass tomato soup for moi; pancakes with bacon (a substitute for the apple-chicken sausage) for my step-son; corned beef hash for my husband.  It did not seem very long before our food was served but gave us time to take in the decor.  I loved it- especially the tall divider structure at the entrance with the plants (figuring out how to do that at home).   My husbands only minor (very minor) complaint was the chair that he sat in seemed to have a hollow cushion and it caused him to be seated at an awkward height (but it was worse when I sat in it as I'm much shorter!) but not enough to dampen his appetite or our total experience.  The food arrived and it looked wonderful.  My husband loved the corned beef hash (its his baseline food item order to which all places are measured by).  He determined it to be in 2nd place to Bagel Cafe (a very high compliment)- but it could be "in the running".  I enjoyed my grilled cheese very much but the soup slightly reminded me of marinara sauce (not necessarily a bad thing but I couldn't get that out of my mind). My step-son really liked his pancakes and bacon and could not finish it and offered us a bite.  THOSE PANCAKES!  Not sure what is in them but they were incredible!  I had to have another bite!  I'm not sure when we will venture out again( but I am dying to try on a week-day as the menu seems to slightly vary) but we definitely agreed that we would want to come back.  This is a place that every Las Vegan should try at least once!
3	I have been here a number of times and usually everything is just about perfect.They are getting a 3 because the food is amazing...The problem this time is the service has been beyond dysfunctional...a call for our name and table that never happened...35 minute plus wait times for food...an unbelievable amount of flies as we wait in the heat for our food..And it's now just here...More attention to detail makes a difference in the execution.Love the food but don't like the dysfunction.
5	I was looking for a place to get a quick breakfast and Yelp directed me to eat. The name is interesting by itself, but the interior of the place is nicely intriguing as well. eat. is a small, clean restaurant with a 'young' vibe. I was seated quickly and ordered a pretty standard meal- scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast. Although it is a simple order, eat. managed to impress. The eggs were very smooth, the bacon nice and crispy, and the toast was perfect- it had a very 'homemade' flavor. In addition to the great breakfast, our waiter was very friendly and helpful.A unique, simple, and tasty place to eat.
4	I love how fresh the ingredients are. i had their eggs Benedict and everything tasted so farm fresh like it was just picked that morning. Had the biscuits and strawberries before breakfast and it was the most amazing thing I have had in a while. We came on a weekday after 9am and were seated right away. I would've given them a 5-star, but I've been here for lunch and it was so loud, had to wait to get a table and I had a tummy-ache afterwards. For breakfast however, I would come back, but I'll pass on lunch.
4	Lovely place to eat. I've been here three times and each time was great.
3	I really wanted to like this place.. It is trendy place with a good vibe.  But.... While the service was great the food was average at best.  I got Shrimp and Grits, the presentation was awesome but the food lacked flavor, the shrimp were medium sized and the grits were awful, clumpy and tasted instant. For the price ... My expectations were much, much higher.  My friend got the hash and again looked nice but once you dug in... All you got was very expensive fried potatoes. Not sure I will give them another chance.. Their prices are just to high to get average food.
5	Wow!  This place is good!  The atmosphere is modern, the staff are kind (sometimes slow), the food is always amazing. I don't think I've had one thing bad here. However, the prices are a bit high. But then again, it's the only place around where the food is made from scratch. Their homemade potato chips and potato salad are insanely good. I don't normally go for mayo on anything, but it's absolute perfection. Their posole is amazing (love that it's clear broth and not red), Reuben sandwich is amazing, breakfast foods are perfection and those potatoes. This is definitely a comfort food place to go, if you want to take a nap afterwards. No joke!!  It's unbelievable. Pricey, but worth it. I guess. If you don't have the money, you should probably stick with Taco Bell and don't complain about how much it costs. The owner(s) probably want to buy a bigger house, put their kids through college and they have something really amazing here, so why the heck not!!  The prices haven't hindered the majority of clients from going here. So be mindful of what you order. Also know, if you're on a budget, I believe they have an ala cart menu and you can purchase 2 to 3 things and keep it under $10. Enjoy!!
5	i come here everytime i come to vegas.  A little loud inside, but the food makes up for everything.
5	Holy crap this place was good.  My friends and I took a walk here from Fremont Street during our guy's trip to Vegas because of the great Yelp reviews.  It did not disappoint.  We sat at the common table and were immediately greeted by the friendly staff.  Shortly after we sat down, a woman over-heard us talking about appetizers and immediately interrupted us to tell us we had to order the deviled-eggs.  Wow was she spot on.  The egg whites were deep-fried while the yokes were mixed with amazing-ness and put back onto the newly deep-fried egg whites.  We found out later that the woman who suggested it was the owner of the restaurant.  Turns out she knows what she's talking about.After that I had the veggieburger which was by far the best I ever had.  I don't even know what else to say about it, just get it, or anything else on their menu.I would definitely come back here.  It's also conveniently located next to container park which is always fun to walk through.  Bring your llama.
5	The fries meal is flippin awesome and the hunky bartenders in logger outfits are a nice touch. Top ten favorite bar downtown.
4	This place was such a pleasant surprise!  Everything was fresh, mostly seemed to be local and was chef inspired.  The bacon and eggs were simple but we'll executed.  The truffle egg sandwich was very unique and a must for a repeat visit.  Service was above averge.  Seating is limited,  has outdoor seating also.
5	It's funny reading other Yelp reviews about how this place is located in a sketchy part of the neighborhood makes me think these people must not have been to the older version of the Lower East Side in New York City. True, this part of Las Vegas isn't part of the Strip and it doesn't have the frills of big hotels and casinos - but that's the beauty of Downtown. I love that the restaurants around here still carries the vibe of old Las Vegas. Eat is no exception - it's located on the corner of an old apartment complex. The decor is very unpretentious nor is it trying to be hipster. It's very clean with an open kitchen concept. The staff is friendly and so is the owner, Natalie. We came here on a Sunday morning, expecting a long wait. I guess we came at a perfect time because everyone else must have been asleep or something coz there was no line at all. The bar counter had seats available which was perfect coz that's where we preferred to sit anyway. We ordered the Corned Beef Hash, the Strawberry Biscuits and BLT with tomato salad.  The corned beef was really good - just the right balance of saltiness and it was also quite tender. Also I liked that it didn't have too much potatoes. I could also tell that they source their bread from a good purveyor coz I loved how their sour dough tasted. I took a bite of my friend's BLT - delish!  And I'm finicky about the coffee in breakfast places coz 8 out 10 places don't serve good coffee. This place certainly cares about the coffee they serve their patrons. Love their coffee!  I take mine decaf - but it was still full bodied. It's really good, they even have them in packages for people to buy!Reviewers complaining about the prices being high - I don't really care about that. I would much rather spend money on good food than waste a few dollars on lousy food. This place doesn't take shortcuts on preparing their food and the ingredients that they use. And that takes money hence the price is reflective of that. Now if they charged high and served crappy food, that's another story. This place is certainly worth my money. I shall be back.
4	If you want a good breakfast, I'd recommend venturing outside of the strip to this small joint a block outside of the main street in downtown Las Vegas. Expect a wait, because it tends to get really crowded. There's not much shade or seating outside while you wait so beware of the heat during the summer. We were taken here by a LV local, but I dunno if it's really a "local" place.I got the eggs benedict, and wow, I don't know if it's because I was nearing the end of my road trip from San diego to Denver and back again and was eating subway/in&out everyday, but that Benedict just made my DAY. ShOOt. The benedict was topped with a perfect little egg - poached to perfection - covered with hollandaise, under which lay strips of thick turkey bacon, swiss or thick cheese of some sort, tomato, greens, and a nicely toasted piece of bread. The egg had a GREAT ooze to it as you slowly cut into the center of the yoke, adding to the taste and texture. The bacon was so thick i had to chew slower than I wanted to. On the side was a heaping of potatoes, seasoned well. Definitely a great change from huge and not very good portions served at quick joints on the strip, but super filling! Friends got shrimp and grits, pancakes, country fried steak, all of which no one complained about. I'd come back again!!!
4	Came for brunch. We had the shrimp and grits and BLT, coffee, OJ, toast. - We liked the energy of the restaurant. - the shrimp were just a little over cooked- the grits were good, and dipping the toast into the surrounding sauce was fantastic!- the BLT was good.- the house made chips were great. - the best part was sitting at the counter and watching the kitchen staff. Best show in town :P
5	Downtown Las Vegas gem.  We had a group of eight and service was excellent. The Downtown Benedict was yummy. I love the turkey bacon, whole wheat English muffin and spinach. I also had the short stack pancakes! Yum! We also had the corn beef hash. It is a must when you come here. The coffee is great. If you are staying downtown or entertaining family and friends you need to visit this place!
5	With an excellent following this place is only open for breakfast and lunch.  It has good food at reasonable prices.  The place is always packed with customers and the line is out the door with more. It is definitely a place you must try if only once. Once you have though you a find yourself coming back again. So if you are downtown in Vegas get off the e beaten path and go eat.
5	great place for breakfast. Hipster-ish atmosphere, great coffee (medium roast, no acidity), amazing food.I had the shrimp and grits (amazing), hubby had the country fried steak, and his brother had the tomato soup (wow, delicious) with grilled cheese (Texas toast, extra bacon). We were so full, I can't believe I didn't finish everything off the plate.Owner was present, which always makes a good impression. They seem to have bussers (clean tables, clear tables, bring drinks), and servers (take food orders); food was brought out by kitchen personnel. Do yourself a favor and experience their food, I promise you won't be disappointed!!
5	Great place, small, clean, and fast service for Saturday morning. Shrimp and grits was delicious. If in Vegas must try.
4	Was disappointed they replaced the beignets on the menu, saw it on yelp and that's what made my decision to go there...However, menu options were amazing and tasty! Large portions, should've shared because I don't have a microwave in my hotel room. Server in particular was NOT very nice, the rest of the staff was very nice and accommodating-didn't look at me like my requests were ridiculous. Over all, thumbs up and I would try this place again.
5	We tried this place and will definitely be back! My 6 yr old son is a picky eater but had not problem eating up his Pancakes and wanting more. The price is right on for what your getting, the food, the vibe, the nice view of the Container Park. It was nice to be Downtown and really enjoying it. Can't wait to go back. Sparkling Strawberry Lemonade: GREATLemonade: GREATPancakes: INCREDIBLY GREATDT Benedict: GREAT
4	Just flew into town and was looking for a place to eat  breakfast before hitting the outlets.  I had seen them on a Food Network show and liked the style and look of the food as well as the spot.   It did not disappoint.   Service was nice from the start and carried over well, however a little slow at some points.   The food was spot on though.   My wife had the eggs benedict which was awesome, although the Hollandaise was a bit more citrusy than I'm used to.   Still very good though.   I ordered the corned beef hash and loved it.   I must say that this was the first time I've ever had corned beef hash where the chunks of fresh corned beef out numbered the potatoes 2 to 1 !    It really was good though with chunks of meat and onion and potato.  Maybe next time we'll try some of the pancakes because they looked really good!
5	I went for my second visit for lunch there after far too long. I got the BLT... SOOOO good. The bread ALONE on the sandwich is worth ordering. I got the side of potato salad, again, delicious and full of flavor. Service is quick and friendly. I highly recommend for a casual lunch with friends or colleagues. It's also really fun that they keep a few breakfast items on the menu all day.
3	I saw this place online and read awesome things about it, so went down with my husband to try it out on a Sunday morning. The place was ridiculously packed... 20 minute wait to get a seat for 2.  We sat down and looked at the menu, which looked awesome.  I ordered the eggs benedict ... which was cold when I got it... other than that everything was "meh" I definately will not be bringing my family over there when they visit on a Sunday morning.
3	Just ok! We missed breakfast, I was with a party of 4. Fairly long wait time. Average service. Meals were mediocre at best. I probably had the winner of the bunch...the Shrimp Po boy with homemade chips---great!
4	Leaving Vegas & my brother wanted to check it out.  Was a little annoyed at the 45 minute wait to be seated (possibly from the hangover.) The food was well worth the wait and I would recommend huevos montelones or the grilled cheese.  The service was very good & kept my coffee filled.
3	Eat is a solid, three star brunch joint. I enjoyed my meal here.  It's a mostly good spot.  Anyone reading this seeing 3 stars and thinking it's a bad review, it's not! But there were several issues during our meal that made this place miss the 4 star level.One place they excel: the pancake. It's thick and fluffy, while still being crispy on the outside. I rarely order pancakes, but after two bites, I was hooked.  The homemade tomato soup was quite good, with large, thin chunks or parmesan floating on top. Also, the coffee served here is excellent.We also tried the truffled egg sandwich. I've seen other reviewers rave about this, but something was missing. The bread wasn't good, and the flavors of the ingredients didn't meld well together. The service here was lacking.  It seems to be focused on turnover rather than true customer interaction. Our server asked us about five times if we were ready to order.  Once we were finished, three different people asked if we wanted the check.  We weren't checked on a single time while dining. Lastly, the name is kind of dumb:"Hey, you want to go eat?" "Sure, what are you thinking?""How about eat?""....I know, like, what place""No...the restaurant in downtown called eat, silly""..."Bottom Line: A fine brunch/lunch spot, and certainly better than a lot of other Las Vegas spot. They serve brunch daily, which is really nice if you are visiting and everyday seems like a Saturday.  Maybe I went on an off day, but this place is already good and has potential to get better.
4	Fresh vibe, fresh people, and fresh ingredients. I came here for the brunch because who doesn't like breakfast foods in the middle of the day? Or night? ;) Even better the food is sourced from local vendors and is considerably healthy. I went for the truffled scrambled eggs with wild mushrooms, chives and bacon on ciabatta, and diced potatoes. It's a lot of food on one plate. I ate the sandwich open-face style and tossed a slice of ciabatta off to the side. The eggs are light and fluffy. You can literally smell the truffle on them and taste it before it hits your tongue. The bacon was crispy the way I like it. Did I forget to mention that there's feta? They hide it in the eggs so you don't see it at first glance. A nice little surprise that's for sure. I def recommend it. Summary: Quick service. Big smiles. Social atmosphere. Open kitchen. Fun menu. Tasty eats. Great choice.
4	The country fried steak was so small they need to rename it the county fried steak. They would have gotten 5 stars if my waiter had been a waitress.
5	Tried because of all the awesome reviews. They were right. This place is really really good. Nothing I tried was average or bad, just yummy. Careful if you walk there though, walked past a few folks who partied too hard the not before and didn't make it home. Semi-sketchy part of town, but it is Vegas, so....
4	Ordered the biscuits and truffled egg sandwich. Delicious. Nice open kitchen and clean. Bring coins to park meters only.Try it you'll like it
3	My wife loves this place and it seems like other people do too! I didn't see what the hype was all about.We were trying to get a table for 10. After a long wait (because it was extremely busy) we were taken outside in the patio. Well, the table didn't fit 10. The waitress simply didn't know how to count chairs. We had to wait again (15+ min) to get seated inside. After our meal, it took our waitress sooooo long to get our checks and to get us out.I ordered pancakes, and sure there's not much to it but they were on the dry side. I had to drown them in syrup. This place wasn't bad but definitely hyped up. I'll try it again and order something different and hopefully the service gets better.
5	Excellent taste and savory menu.  My favorite is the pancake.  Crunchy on the outside and soft and most inside.
5	I love this place. Eat here, please. Help Keep this business live and thriving.
1	We wanted to love Eat. Went for lunch today, 20 min wait for a table, another 10 minute wait for someone to take our drink order, another 10 mins for the waitress to come back and take our lunch order, another 15 mins for our food to arrive.... all of our soup was cold and so salty I could not stomach it, my grilled cheese was far from killer, it too was cold. Waitress never came back to check on us. Four members of the staff including the manager walked by our table, without a word... when the waitress did return with the check I told her we did not like our food, she offered to get us something else.... at this point sitting there for over an hour we declined. The manager did then come to our table and said lunch was on him. Very disappointing. Cute place, really bad service, food not so good :( We will not be returning.
2	Saxby and I ate lunch here today with some friends after trip to the Children's Discovery Museum. The food was ok but nothing really stood out to make me want to return. I shared the B.L.A.T. and the Shrimp Po Boy with the other adult we were dining with. Both came with a side of potato salad. When I think of a Po Boy I imagine a subroll bursting with fried shrimp shredded lettuce and tomato finished with delicious aioli. This "Po Boy" was on a ciabatta with sauteed shrimp, lettuce, tomato, bread and butter pickles and sriracha mayo. It was fine but I'll be heading over to Lola's soon to satisfy my Po Boy craving.The B.L.A.T. was good. The best thing on the all of the plates was the pickle. It was a great pickle. The boys had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The sandwiches were good but the soup was not good at all. It was so overwhelmed by garlic that I can still taste it now, hours after I had just a few bites. That brings me to my main complaint. They don't accommodate kids in any way. The drinks for the two four year olds were served in 16oz glass pint glasses, There is no kids menu and there's really not much on the lunch menu that kids would like except the grilled cheese and I've already talked about the soup that's served with it. My son isn't picky but he's also not adventurous either. He's a normal 4 year old.Perhaps I might return for breakfast but I think there are better choices in the area for lunch.(burp, ugh garlic)
3	3.5/5We came for lunch on a weekday. Wasn't too busy but service was kinda slow. dwBLTa - smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado, with chipotle mayo on a toasted sourdough. Bread was buttery and soft, bacon crisp and thick, but couldn't really taste the chipotle mayo. Potato salad was meh. Roast Beef - blue cheese, wild mushrooms, picked red onions, arugula, with mayo on ciabatta. Roast beef was tender and moist. The mushrooms were a great addition and added a nice sweetness. The bread was soft and warm. Satisfying sandwich. The fresh-still-warm potato chips were fantastic.
5	I went here today for a lunch meeting today and all I have to say is YUM! I had the veggie burger without a bun and the tomato salad on the side. My colleague got the killer grilled cheese with avocado and enjoyed every bite! Everything was super fresh and delish! I highly recommend trying this place out.
3	I had high hopes for Eat., but alas these hopes were dashed. I came here on a Sunday morning during normal busy brunching hours. I get it, it's a popular time to eat, but I what I don't get is waiting 25 minutes to seated then having to wait another 10 minutes before we even get to meet out server for the morning. Thirty five minutes in total waiting and all I have received is a cup of water and some coffee. Personally, I would avoid Eat. on Sundays for brunch, because this place gets packed!I suggested this place to some friends and family after reading a few Eat's reviews, for the most part they have good reviews with a few minor hiccups along the way. We arrived and after studying the menu for the past half hour we were finally able to sit down. The hostess took us to our table and almost immediately we were greeted with waters and a notification that out server would be right back to help us... fast forward to us looking at the menu for the 7th time and wondering when/if our bellies would ever get full on this beautiful Sunday morning, out of nowhere our server finally appears pen and paper in hand. After a few quick menu questions and our table having to explain to our server what a Frittata is, our food order was put in and breakfast was on it's way. FOOD TIME:As a group we ordered the cinnamon biscuits with strawberry compote. These were ok, the cinnamon flavor was lacking and the biscuit fell apart at every turn, but the compote was quite delicious and I found myself going back for more.   I ordered the Shrimp and Grits. First off this had a beautiful presentation, the way the food was laid on the plate was fantastic and really made me want to dive right in. This order comes with two huge bacon strips, two over medium eggs, two fairly large butterflied shrimp, all placed on a mound of grits. This meal was ok, it had good flavor, but needed a just a kick of spice on the back end. Also it arrived cold. Which I thought was weird because I was the last person at our table to get my food. During our meal a few things were definitely noted... - Our server was M.I.A., we didn't see her again until the check was dropped. - The server or food runner forgot to bring out one of our diners toast. Since our server had disappeared. We asked the hostess for assistance and she quickly delivered the toast. - Our table was also lacking condiments; ketchup, salsa, and tabasco. After a few attempts get to someone's attention, my GF's mom got up and went into the kitchen and asked for the missing items herself. - Our waters were filled only once the entire time we ate. I'm not looking for a running river here, but a refresher of the water glasses would be nice. I really wanted to like this place. It has a great ambiance and decor, but when the food and the customer service are not a in fully symbiotic relationship other things tend to follow suit. EAT. is NOT A-Ok, but just ok. I believe in second chances so I will be back, but I will be avoiding the Sunday brunch crowd.
3	Cute, hipster joint to grab breakfast, brunch, or lunch. I came here for a Sunday brunch. We found parking on the side streets right away. There are other available parking spots nearby. There was a little wait, 25-30 minutes which was expected since it was featured on Anthony Bourdain's show.Got the cinnamon biscuits in strawberry compote for an appetizer for four people. Our group ordered poached eggs over corned beef hash, Eggs Benedict with turkey bacon, shrimp & grits, & your basic American breakfast-eggs, bacon, toast, & pancakes. Our appetizer-I barely tasted any cinnamon. The biscuits were OK but thought the strawberry compote would be paired better with something else. However, the compote was refreshing and good. After having a sample of everyone's dishes, I like the shrimp and grits the best and the fluffy pancakes the second. I did not like the Eggs Benedict (who invented turkey bacon?) and my corned beef was not that great.I thought the plates all had a beautiful presentation but many of the flavors did not come together for me. There were other items I would love to try but after sampling several dishes, I'm not in a hurry to come back here but not opposed to it if someone wanted to come here.Service was good and we were constantly checked on but felt like they were trying to hurry us for the next table. Good for people waiting. I'm not one to linger after I finish eating so it wasn't a big deal.
4	Been here several times for lunch and its a solid triple with one man on!   I always walk away happy.  Got great sandwiches, soups and breakfast and lunch is the specialty, with a hip downtown flair.  Need a quick meeting with a business lunch, get there EARLY to get a seat, there is a wait sometimes, but not long.   Also, weekends I am sure are slammed.   I go during the week for my trips and its a great hipster trip every time.   Solid grinds!
4	Really good food. Definitely recommend the pancakes and any of their egg dishes. A bit pricey in my opinion but great spot.
5	We found this place completely by accident. I had Yelped another restaurant in Downtown Las Vegas but when parking proved to be a bigger pain in the ass than it was worth, we just drove in the opposite direction. THEN we stumbled upon this gem. I was pleasantly surprised that as "hip" and "cool" as the setting and staff were that they were super friendly. I had my grandparents with me and truth be told, they hated the setting and felt a bit out of place but when the food came, their tune changed. I ordered the Grilled Cheese with Bacon and Tomato soup. Lovely flavor, would have preferred if it was actually hot though. I understand that restaurants get busy, but really? It's soup. Luckily, it was super tasty so I didn't stay annoyed for too long. But again, the staff was super friendly and were very speedy with recovery when part of my order managed to get lost. All around, the meal my family and I had here was pretty damn good. We all took turns trying each other's food. The chicken pozole was tasty, the corned beef with poached eggs was insane, the menus were short and to the point and it really is a beautiful setting in a kinda blah part of town. If you come here, you'll have a great meal and maybe you can flirt with the server with the amazing beard. (Seriously, he was so good looking it was distracting) I'll definitely be back. I'd love to meet the owner next time. From all that I've heard about her she seems pretty awesome. See you soon!
4	Truly a 'must dine' joint if you're lookin for bomb ass brunch in downtown Las Vegas (blocks away from Fremont Street). As a 1st timer, i knew i stumbled across a foodie's gem when i encountered the spillage of people waitin outside about 10'ish on a Sunday morning. I dined w/a friend so our wait was about 20 mins (not too bad considering the bigger the party, the longer the wait time). Service was great, ambience was hip & inviting & food was bangin! I ordered shrimp & grits - 13 dolla made me holla when i saw that my grits were happily submerged in a savory sauce beneath a pile of goodness (2 strips of smoked bacon, 2 eggs over easy, & shrimps topped w/pico de gallo). I left w/a smile & my belly left happy so I'll definitely be back! :D
2	Before starting a day of outlet shopping with the husband, we decided to grab brunch at Eat based on some helpful Yelp reviews. The staff was friendly yet they seemed like they can barely keep up with the customers. I asked our waitress for some recommendations but she didn't have much of an opinion other than the portions were large.We got our food and we sat for a bit realizing they forgot to bring us our utensils. I ordered the cinnamon biscuit with the strawberry compote. My husband felt like having their "killer grilled cheese" with some "kick-ass tomato soup." My dish was decent but unremarkable except that I couldn't taste any cinnamon at all. I felt that I may have punted and should have ordered the chicken fried steak despite the waitress thinking the portions might be too large for me. I tried my husband's grilled cheese. Frankly, I make a far superior grilled cheese. The bread was too thick and it seemed more like a cheese sandwich with melted cheese. I could give this place another go since we might not have ordered the right items. But in my opinion, if a place is going to name their dish "killer grilled cheese," they really need to back it up.
4	Really nice, homey ambience to the place, has very friendly and helpful staff w/ great service, and wait wasn't to bad on a Monday morning especially with the Life is Beautiful festival finishing up the night before. I ended up getting the truffled egg sandwich, my friend got the eggs benedict special they had going on, & we shared a short stack pancake. The truffled egg sandwich looked like it'd be a bit heavy, but the eggs were fluffy, bacon crispy, feta creamy w/ hints of truffle oil, & the skin of chive potatoes had a bit of a crunch that gave a good textural difference and made it a really good side. The pancakes we got were a pretty decent size with some powdered sugar on it. Surprisingly the pancakes had a bit of a crisp on the top layer and were almost cloud like w/o that heavy butter taste. If you're staying Downtown or just want a change in location for brunch I'd definitely recommend this place.
5	YUM and EAT. are the only 3 letter words you need for a successful brunch.  And eat. brings it all!  This was my 2nd visit to eat. during a recent trip to Vegas.  I went last year when I was in Vegas and I knew that I had to come back.  It is the perfect little hipster hole in the wall in an "up and coming" part of town.  They have a spacious, sun-shining interior and a beautiful little patio too.   They occasionally have live music on the weekends during brunch which makes it the ultimate hipster hangout if that's your thing.Let's get to the food... Cinnamon Biscuits - shared with the table after a recommendation from the bus boy.  Pretty tasty and definitely worth sharing.  Probably too sweet and rich for a meal on its own.    Truffle Egg Sandwich - my boyfriend had this but I stole a few bites and it was delicious!  Scrambled eggs, mushrooms, cheese, truffle oil on ciabatta.  Can't go wrong. BLTA - I had this sandwich on my first visit.  It's a great version of a BLT.  Add an egg to it for the perfect brunch dish.Greek yogurt - tasty and hearty portion with fresh berries and granola.  A little heavy on the granola and could have used some more yogurt to balance it out.  Service...The service at eat. is great and we always end up with a server that is a little odd in all the right ways.  Very personable and chatty with random comments that add to the vibe
5	Totally Amazing experience!  Everything was delicious and filing.  We stopped by after the Neon Museum for lunch. The staff was gracious and courteous. I ordered the Ruben with their tomato salad. The best I've had in a long time! My wife went for the truffle egg sandwich - delicious!  Our friends both ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was better than what Mom ever made.Portions were perfect! We all left full and satisfied. Best off strip lunch and breakfast spot. Step away from the strip buffets (where everything tastes the same) and eat some real food! Can't go wrong!
4	If I'm only going to judge it off of the food, I would give it five stars. Personality a little lacking but they must know it's the place to be. Everything we had was delish! I need to go back next time I visit vegas!
5	Love it, Love it, Love it. I come here on every trip to vegas for breakfast- shrimp and grits or the the hash- both the best I've ever had, excellent coffee and delicious pancakes too- the food is made and served with pride,
4	Great atmosphere, even better food! We came in for lunch, I had the blt with their homemade chips mmm. Would definitely go back!
5	Amazing food here! Split the breakfast sandwich and shrimp& grits both of them were excellent. Great service, quaint comforting space.
2	Early Saturday morning breakfast and wanted to finally try Eats since we were already downtown for an event. We won a gift certificate from a silent auction that was a Zapoo fundraiser, but sadly we couldn't find it...which would have been nice to offset the cost.The location is horrible--on a corner in front of an old apartment building that makes it seem like the restaurant is the motel cafe. Parking, like anywhere downtown is a big pain with the unpredictable parking meter machines.Looking around the dining room, we could tell it was filled with a lot of Zappos Hshieep. It is a typical hipster type of establishment where concept is good but execution lacks. The menu is presented on a clipboard and features breakfast and lunch items.I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with 2 eggs, country gravy, Chive potatoes and toast. I opted for over easy eggs and sourdough toast. The best part of the meal was the sourdough toast...thick slices toasted perfectly. The chicken fried steak was bland and the meat was NOT good. I know cubed steak which is typically used for chicken fried steaks, is the ornery brother of meat cuts which must be tenderized/beaten into submission to properly achieve a chewable consistency. This was not. The meat under the flavorless breading was like an old shoe. The gravy was scarce and made the shoe meat too soggy (note: always get the gravy on the side), the potatoes were also flavorless and boring. The eggs were cooked right. I would not get this dish again nor recommend it.My wife ordered the 2 eggs any style with bacon, toast and chive potatoes. It was ok, nothing special and not really worth $11. Most of the menu items seemed overpriced.Service was friendly enough but one of my pet peeves is when a server sees that most of my meal is uneaten, yet doesn't acknowledge that perhaps the meal wasn't to my satisfaction and at least offers an alternative, then goes about like a robot (Hshieep) to bring the check, box the meal etc. No thank you Eat, there too many other better places to eat. Next!
1	WRONG HOURS. FALSE ADVERTISING. AWFUL CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE! This restaurant claims to be open until 2pm. We drove 30 minutes to try it out, arrive at 1:40pm and the hostess explains that they will not seat guests after 1:30pm. I have never heard of a restaurant refusing to serve during their stated hours of operation. I really would have expected a small restaurant to care more about their customers, and they just lost their opportunity for any of my business. Thanks, EAT. I will take every opportunity to drive people away from your restaurant when asked. You're supposed to cater to the techie crowd...get a clue about user experience
5	Heard about this spot from the owners of Sweet Spot Candy shop and been coming ever since. Definitely my favorite breakfast spot in LV, possibly I've ever had in my entire life!!! I've only ordered the Chicken Fried Steak (come hungry, it's a lot of food). The batter and succulent combination of savory gravy is a satisfying flavorful experience like no other. They master the poached egg. I usually get poached or sunny side ^. I've been wanting to try the pancakes but can't get away from the chicken fried goodness. The staff is very friendly and always in a cheerful mood. The atmosphere is very ambient and peaceful. Has a homely vibe to it. Location is excellent, after your meal take a stroll downtown or to the container park.
4	Good coffee! That's half the battle at most breakfast spots, phew! Had chilaquiles, not our traditional version but very tasty. The sauce and sausage were quite tasty. Friends had the has and chicken fried steak which I sampled(thanks!), also solid options. Come early or be prepared to wait, it was pretty busy for a Monday, I'll bet weekends are a zoo.
5	I can't believe I didn't review this place earlier. Holy moly wow. The shrimp and grits all the way. The staff are attentive, friendly and uber fabulous. It's become a staple every time I come to Vegas. It's a bit off the strip for those of you tourists, but so worth the detour. Highly highly recommended.
2	I've heard good things about this place from a friend who lives out of town, so I've been meaning to eat here for awhile now. On a Saturday morning I get a text from my friend who says he just flew in and the people he was supposed to hang out with on the Strip are all hungover and sleeping still, so my husband and I swoop him up from his hotel and suggest eat. since we wanted to show him the downtown area. The location itself is very unique and just walking distance from Container Parker. Being from SF/Bay Area, we're all used to extremely long waits for brunches, so eat.'s 20 minute wait was no big deal. Once we finally got seated, the 3 of us ended up in a 2-top that was in a corner. It was very.. cozy, but what's a little bit of discomfort among friends? The hostess was very sweet and wanted to make sure we didn't wait too long, so I appreciated that. We ordered the corned beef, eggs benedict, chicken fried steak and pancakes for the table. The pancakes were mouth-watering, and probably the best part of the meal, but one of the servers did give me grief about asking for more syrup (I swear the dinky little serving they give isn't enough!) My friend ate all of his corned beef, so he had no complaints; however, my husband hated his chicken fried steak with a passion. It was very tough - just looking at it you could tell it was completely dry and devoid of flavor. He left a large chunk of it uneaten and didn't bother taking it home. Since we didn't have that much room on the table, I wasn't really feeling my eggs benedict, so I placed it behind me in the booth and stuck to my pancakes. As other people have experienced, waiters are somewhat hard to track down. Someone who wasn't are waiter asked me if I was done with my benedict plate and if he could take it away. It was barely touched, so I'm surprised he didn't ask what was wrong and didn't ask if I wanted to take it to go (my husband eventually ate it at home to make up for his lack of a meal). Maybe we should have ordered a few different items like the truffled egg sandwich, but my husband probably would never want to come back here. I came here wishing that we had spent our morning eating at Mr. Mama's since I haven't been there yet. Hopefully that place doesn't disappoint. Eat. does look like they have a pretty big and devoted following, so I hope they continue to do better and improve on the shortcomings guests have pointed out as of late.
4	Went for lunch and this place never disappoints when to food!  Had the grilled cheese with bacon and avocado! Delicious x10!  Our server suggested we try the fried deviled egg. He said it was a life changing moment.  We tried and WOW!  Let me tell you my life has changed as I will gain a few extra pounds because I want to eat those over and over again.They are for sure a must!  Just remember show up early because the place is busy and sometimes you have to wait for a table a little long. However worth the wait!
4	By BF decided to try this spot out on our last morning in Vegas. And I am so glad we did. We went on a Sunday...mid morning. I was expecting a huge wait. Considering this was prime brunch hours we ended up waiting 30 minutes, which isn't too bad. coffee was excellent! I love a good cup of joe. My BF ordered the corn beef hash. It came with poached eggs and these lovely pieces of toast that was oh so good. I got the golden brown pancakes which were sooooooo good. I love the buttery golden brown crust that they had. I honesty didn't need syrup as the cake themselves was bursting with sweetness. I would have given a 5 star rating however the service could have been a lot better. Our waitress only came by once, and the person who took our orders was the bartender....which i thought was weird.
5	Seriously the best breakfast I have ever had.  We started with coffee, rich, smooth, & not even the smallest hint of bitterness.  The cinnamon biscuits with strawberry compote... perfection.  How do the biscuits stay crisp on the outside with the sauce? MAGIC!  They aren't too sweet, not too dense, just perfect.  I had the eggs with chive potatoes, bacon, & toast.  The chive potatoes were savory, slightly crisp, and delicious.  The bacon.  BACON.  Perfectly crisp, not too salty, not too greasy, perfect thickness.  YES. Just yes.  :)  I had sourdough toast, it was like a texas toast, thick, a tad cheesy, and light.  FREAKIN amazing.  I don't care what you have for breakfast, but you MUST have the pancakes.  They have them as a single add on or you can get a short stack (2) and share.  I don't know how they get the outside crisp and the inside fluffy, more of that magic I guess.  I'm ruined for breakfast now.  a MUST visit every Vegas trip.
5	This doesn't seem like a great place from the outside however I was so impressed once I walked in... I was WOWd with the great staff, inviting decorations and the the food is outstanding. I had the short stack of pancakes and sausage. Best I've ever had. I would come back over and over A+
5	I can see where some of the reviewers are put off by Eat. It is a little intense. Long waits, crowded front, busy staff. It is not their fault they are so fabulous and busy!If you can look beyond all of that, there is a fantastic little restaurant here. The food is super fresh. I always enjoy going here. When it is warmer (not hot) the outdoor patio rocks! My tips...Go early or on a weekday. It is all a bit easier then.You will not be sorry. The food is truly da'Bomb.
1	One chilly Sunday AM that we happen to be on the Eastside of town, we dec'd that we wanted to have breakfast and try something new. My husband wanted to go to Ellis Island, always a safe choice and unfortunately, would've probably been better off going there. So to start, it's downtown. Parking can be difficult, the crazies roam around-- deal with it, they're about to pass out to sleep lol. It was about 9:00am so there was a little bit of a wait, 20 mins for us. SERVICE: We were greeted by someone who we thought was our sever, turns out she only brought out drinks, ok. Server finally made his way over to our table and he was a borderline D. We were greeted with a very bland "Ready to order or do you need more time?", took out order and we rarely saw him after that. Everyone else other than our server was attentive and very nice.SHRIMP & GRITS: Lacked the flavor that I was looking for. Lola's has their version of Shrimp & Grits that blows this one out of the water. The shrimp was way overcooked, practically rubbery. Grits is flavorless so you have to add things to it to give it some taste and it usually mellows out a dish and takes on the flavor of the sauce that the shrimp is cooked in. Unfortunately, the grits  muted the flavor of the shrimp rendering it to be practically bland and an all around disappointment. CHICKEN FRIED STEAK: Tasted like it was a few days past its use by date, husband was so disappointed in it.PASSION FRUIT ICED TEA: The best part of my meal. WTF.AMBIANCE: Hipster and beyond. This is something that reminds me of what you'd find out in SF or SoCal. Menu's presented on clipboards, urban chic decor, great idea and if we went by ambiance alone, then this place would be 5 stars! Too bad, so sad it's not.
5	I loved this place. Got the truffled egg sandwich and it was delish. Everyone liked what they got. The servers were friendly and it was a cute, clean restaurant with good options to pick from.
5	The best cafe in Vegas. The food is excellent, the service is fast, the servers are pleasant, and the prices are reasonable.
4	Great place to eat a little bit away from the strip. Great food and wait staff are very helpful and friendly!
5	The truffled egg sandwich and cinnamon biscuits with strawberry compost is some of the best breakfast items I've ever had!
5	Best breakfast off the beaten path in Vegas! Delicious real food made from scratch. Best corn beef hash I've ever had. Not greasy. Eggs perfectly poached. My daughter had the mist amazing cinnamon biscuits with berries!!!! It was a little pricey for breakfast but with it, you get what you pay for. Very attentive service too. 9:45 Sunday morning they got us right in.
1	Let me get the food out of the way first. We ordered the corn beef hash with poached eggs, shrimp and grits, one pancake, tomato soup, iced coffee, and passion fruit iced tea.Corn beef hash and eggs - corn beef hash itself was good. Diced and goes well with the egg yolk. Shrimp and grits - grits had great texture. A good amount of shrimp but tasted frozen. Pancake - tasted like funnel cake. Not bad. Coffee - nothing special Passion Fruit Iced Tea - refreshingHere comes the horrible service. These are facts, not opinions.We were seated by a nice hostess and given our drinks immediately. Our server whom I will not name for his safety didn't bother to greet us or introduce himself. After we ordered and was well into our meal, not once did he come up to us to ask "how we were doing?" "How's the food?" Or refilled our water cups. However, he did all those three service favors for others around us. I politely asked for syrup from him and he gave me a blank face. Came back and put the syrup in front of me with no word. After we were finished with our meals and already annoyed, a busser comes to our table and asks (in a awkward tone) "are you done?". He stacked our plates quickly and never said a word further. Not to mention we thanked him for cleaning our table. When I asked our waiter for the check, he came back with it and didn't say a single word. I paid and left him a tip because I understand servers make their money off tips. I left him a personal note to let him know our experience at Eat.Extremely disappointed.... Our highly anticipated lunch at Eat. during our thanksgiving weekend getaway was ruined due to the poor service.
5	I had breakfast at the bar here one beautiful Sunday morning. I had the pancakes with bacon. I didn't realize how large the pancakes were going to be. It was so good that I didn't wan to stop eating them. The bacon was cooked to perfection. It's a nice little place and awesome for people watching which I love to do. I will be returning. This may just become my favorite breakfast spot.
4	I was in town for work and was looking for a breakfast spot before some client meetings.  Eat was right around the corner from my first meeting and the place was great.  I had the huevos motulenos and it had a little bit of spice but just the right amount.  The staff was great and I love the location that Eat is in.  It's in old Las Vegas and there is a lot of cool happenings here.
3	I enjoying supporting a small business ESP a Downtown business.  Super clean, super cute, really hip!  Pancakes Yumma but not worth the price but I'mSure rent is crazy expensive.  They have charging outlets by every still at front counter to charge while you play on UR device and eat or sip coffee!
5	I can't seem to get away from ordering the chicken fried steak! The gravy with it is awesome. Now if you have a large party the service may seem slow but the food you get is worth it! Another highlight is the strawberry puree, which goes with your toast, pancakes, hell you could put that on anything and it would taste amazing. I've had the corned beef hash and eggs and they are great aswell and my friend ordered the eggs benedict and she really enjoyed them aswell. They have healthy alternatives if you require that for your diet.
5	The food and service are always great.  I love the small owned business and how the restaurant is managed.  I'm very impressed with the recipes and how they are plated.  I would recommend this breakfast place to anyone in the valley.  Go downtown and support this local business!  Try any of the benny's they are my fave!
2	My friend and I have been looking forward to coming here for weeks. We finally make it out for Sunday brunch and were extremely disappointed. We waited about 20 mins for a table which isn't bad. The decor is really cool, modern, and has a good vibe. Service is horrible. No one smiles or introduces themselves. A guy take our drink  order, a women comes takes our order. Neither of the servers are pleasant or friendly.  I let her know that I would like to order a sandwich to go toward the end of the meal. Food comes out quickly. My friend got the grilled cheese with avocado. It's average. The passion ice tea is really good. My eggs Benedict is drowning in the hollandaise sauce. I can't even enjoy all the ingredient bc the sauce is taking over the plate. I look around and others have egg Benedict's who have a lot less sauce than us, and even strawberries in their plate!  The check is dropped while I'm still eating. Uncomfortable. I never get to order my sandwich to go bc the server honestly never really came back. Sure I could've got her attention but at this point i would take my business else where.The cherry on top is I asked if the orange juice was fresh squeezed. The guy tells me yes. I ordered a small and it's definitely not fresh squeezed. I am charged for a large. I don't even bother to correct the $6.00 mistake. I'm just so over it at this point.
5	Friendly service & BOMB food!! I'll drive downtown to Eat anytime it's totally worth it!
5	This place is awesome and just what I like...nice place, not too expensive, and offering food with unique twists/additions than the usual or outright inventions. The coffee is awesome. Drink the coffee. I haven't eaten chicken fried steak in about a decade but that's what was calling my name. It seems like that is the biggest breakfast and just what I needed: a massive piece of chicken fried steak with sausage gravy dumped on top, plus some eggs, plus some potatoes, plus some mongo thick sourdough toast! Awesome! My frau got the truffled egg sandwich and I had a bite of that - delicious! We went on a Saturday around noonish with a party of four and were seated in about 10 minutes. No complaints about the service - everyone was nice and chipper.
5	Me and my boyfriend went on a weekday. Not too busy with a good vibe! Waitress and hostess were very nice. Healthy option menu. He got the dwblta and added an egg. It came with a tomato soup which was equally bomb. I ordered the truffled egg sandwich, hold the shrooms. Was probably the best scramby egg sandwich I ever had. Potatoes I weren't crazy about but that's ok. Loved this place. Would go back again.
4	Eat was good.  Pro-Portions aplenty, quality was amazing.  I recommend the country friend steak because of the hearty portion. (5 stars for food)Con-we were only 3 people, but we wait 45 minutes to be seated.  We arrived at 11:30 am, Sunday. (3 stars service)
4	Good food, good service, big price tag.Based on waiter's recommendation I had the corned beef hash with cheddar cheese this morning. It was simply delicious and the added cheddar cheese was a good recommendation. The two poached eggs were of differing doneness though: one was a little runny and the other boiled hard. I am not sure how that happens unless they were prepared separately or the eggs were of different age. Coffee was good and constantly topped off. I am just not entirely sure that a single breakfast dish and coffee should run $20+ with tip.Parking on the street is $1/hr by parking space number at the automatic meters.
5	Things my boyfriend has said about the truffled egg sandwich:"Fking amazing""Legendary""This is the greatest breakfast sandwich of all time""I can't even believe this is real""This sandwich needs an award"We've been here four weekends in a row
5	Wow, another amazing find in Las Vegas that's off the strip and well worth the visit! Went here for lunch and the place was packed with only a few tables open. There were a lot of locals, which immediately made me feel like we made a good choice. We didn't have to wait as the hostess happily seated us near the kitchen (which by the way is open, so that was fun). We ordered drinks and then placed our order with a friendly waiter. I chose the "killer" grilled cheese with tomato soup and my boyfriend had the BLT with avocado. They both came out of the kitchen in record time... we were not expecting them to be so quick, especially with a packed house! Both dishes were amazing. The bread is to die for! It really made the sandwiches. I loved both dishes (had to sample) but I will say the BLT may have been the winner. It was also served with homemade chips that were especially good. The prices were also refreshing to someone who has been gouged by restaurants up and down Las Vegas Boulevard. A new "must visit" in this city for lunch!
4	Great food! I really enjoyed my truffled egg sandwich. My husband had the dish that was kind of like breakfast nachos and wasn't wowed, but liked it. The service was good, although our server was replaced by someone else with no explanation (her shift was over??). But both servers were very nice and friendly. I liked the decor which has a very trendy/industrial feel. With two dishes and one coffee it was probably the most expensive breakfast I've ever had at $40 (including tip).
5	I'm two years late to the party, but I finally ate at Eat. A few weeks ago, my husband was downtown on business and called me up asking for a recommendation for lunch. I told him to try Eat. Afterward, he told me about the awesome blta w/ egg sandwich he had. He took me to check it out the day of the Santa Run, but the santas kept us from getting to Carson and 7th so I'd have to wait to try Eat. Then, last week; success! If driving be prepared to feed the parking meter. The restaurant sits on the lower level of Park Avenue Apartments. This tired building is sure to experience a revitalization thanks to the Downtown Project. Carson Ave has become a hot spot for downtown dining and it began with Natalie Young's Eat. She was the first to partner with Tony Hsieh and see her dream to fruition. She is currently working on her next venture, Chow. Eat bustled on a late Saturday morning, while there was no line out the door. There was a wait for a table, but counter seating was available. We settled in and gazed over the menu. Our server asked, "Can I get cinnamon biscuits started for you?" Many might be duped by the question thinking they are complimentary, only to be surprised later by an $8 charge on the bill. It is a bit sneaky so be warned. Yet, we said, "yes, bring them on!" The tender biscuits swim in strawberry compote and are topped with berries. It reminds me very much of strawberry shortcake, add some fresh whipped cream and it'd be the perfect dessert. When it came to ordering we skipped right over the breakfast items and went straight for the sandwiches. I had to try the dwblta ($11) myself and the husband went for the killer grilled cheese with tomato soup ($9). During the week more sandwiches are available, they all sound fantastic. However, if I ever get a chance to dine on a weekday, the chilaquiles will be mine! I added cheese to my dwblta, I skipped the egg; I don't dig runny eggs, blasphemy, I know. This sandwich was great! All components married beautifully and the sourdough bread held it together without being too bready. It was a thing of beauty, truly. Sandwiches come with a side of house chips, potato or tomato salad. I really enjoyed the tomato salad. Despite my best efforts I could only devour half of the sandwich. I took the rest home. This sandwich could easily be shared. He added tomato, egg, and avocado to the killer grilled cheese. It was a tasty twist, especially when dipped in the soup. However, as good as it was we agreed we enjoyed the dwblta a bit more. In fact, it might just be the best damn sandwich in lv.
5	NAIL -----+ HEAD!!!Thank you, eat.!When one is stuck in the saddest place is the world that is Las Vegas, one's skin might crawl. Mine actually itches. eat was such a pleasant respite from the strip mall hell that is most of that town, and it really brings it with the food and the atmosphere.--Great music playing that's not too loud.--Fantastic food with something for everyone (and generous portion sizes like the rest of this town).--We had the truffled egg sandwich minus bacon (hey people, if one doesn't get bacon can you PLEASE add something else or take off some money?!), the arugula/asparagus salad, and a side of cheesy grits. Everything was delicious, and the home fries that come with the egg sandwich are actually REAL home fries, as in, crisped and tossed with onion. We saw a number of delicious-looking menu items gets sent out from our counter/kitchen-view seats. The housemade veggie burger looked particularly amazing too.--Also, coffee!! The first/only decent coffee I had on the whole trip, and you can get Sugar in the Raw.--Leftovers NOT packed in styrofoam!! Hallelujah! While the rest of Las Vegas attempts to kill the environment and the humans in it at every turn, here at eat you can get leftovers packed in paper!We had counter seats with a view (and ear) to the kitchen. We figured out why there are so many complaints about service. It is slow and inconsistent, and frequently there were up to 8 meals ready to go out to tables, but servers weren't taking them as fast as the kitchen was working. Also, for some reason, instead of table numbers or seat numbers, one person would say "This is for the heavyset gentleman in the hat over there" rather than "This is table 11." Very odd. Our service was fine, and we weren't in a hurry but I hope if any owner/manager reads this you'll take the service complaints to heart. They seem valid. Also, vegetarians really hate having to ask for a left-off ingredient like bacon, prosciutto, sausage (things with an upcharge) but not getting offered something for a sub or $1 off.If I ever have to return to the saddest place in the world I will eat here at least once.
5	Great food. Great service. Egg truffle sandwich was amazing. Definitely coming back when we're in Vegas.
4	I've been here twice now and what a great addition to downtown! They've a variety of breakfasts items like chicken fried steak and chilaquiles along with a delicious bacon and egg sandwich with feta on ciabatta as well as your standard bacon and eggs. I've also had the roast beef sandwich and a nice salad with shrimp. The breakfast items are all great while the lunch items were good. That combined with a slightly high price point keep this from being 5 stars in my book but don't let that deter you. Check this place out!!!
4	Tried out Eat. because we saw it on Anthony Bourdain's Parts Unknown Vegas episode and we were there on Wed morning early so it was easy to get a table.  Street parking in the front is meter, but around the corner where we parked is residential apartments.It's a hipster kind of place, people are friendly and they give good service.We got:Tap water - FREE1 coffee $3 - she kept asking if we wanted it refilled and even if we wanted a cup to go.B. got a full size bowl of green chile chicken posole $9 - it's a huge bowl we shared.  Soup was tasty enough, chicken dry.I got Arugula salad $10 - even at 9am you can get salad.  I wanted it for fiber since when we travel we don't eat enough greens.  It was tasty enough.Our total with tax $23.78 but before tip.Separate bathrooms available.
4	Good food - kind of expensive - convenient to Fremont street - and don't miss the park across the street.
3	Still Don't Understand the HypeI ordered the huevos motulenos.  It was barely edible.  I should have gone with something else because apparently there must be a better dish than what I had ordered.  My co-diner enjoyed her grill cheese sandwich, which I've eaten before (really greasy, but that's what you expect).  All I can muster for this place is - "yep."  I won't be going back for breakfast again.
3	I sooooo love the good here...and would usually give it 5stars....But today I sat at the "community table" and observed how long it took to be served (after someone had to tell out a table # to server...I believe it was 25 or 45)..:then I was finally seen, asked for a drink and I was already ready to order. Got my meal super fast which was great, but then never had a refill on my water...ever...or asked for a refill.Then I had to out out my CC in hopes to signal I was ready to pay...yes...that signal worked...A FEW mins later I was given my bill...again never asked for any more water tho.I've usually come on the weekends and maybe it's more relaxed then, or maybe I just need to sit at a table from now on....who knows but definitely not impressed by service today. Food 5star, service 1star...makes it a 3.
5	its no hash house a go go but the food was just as good.
5	Really great breakfast place near Fremont Street. Awesome ingredients, great presentation and delicious flavors. Super positive energy here too. Not cheap but worth it. See you in the flowers.P.S. There's a cool shipping container architecture styled shopping park across the street too.
5	My favorite place to eat breakfast downtown.Everything we've eaten here was all good.- Golden-brown pancakes with chicken apple sausage and maple syrup- Shrimp and grits - smoked bacon, two over easy eggs, pico de gallo- Truffled Egg Sandwich- Green chile chicken posoleIn particular, the crispy outer texture of the pancakes was just perfect, my wife's new favorite. All other items were great, too.
5	Originally went to Dennys down the street, but was closed due to their water was not working. So my boyfriend started browsing through Yelp and found this gem! It's absolutely DELICIOUS!!! We are from Southern California and visit Las Vegas pretty often. You bet we will be coming for breakfast from now on whenever we are in town. Service was great as well :)
5	A little out of the way from most vacationer's way but that's what I love about Eat. It's not what I call trendy but definitely seems like it's in an up and coming part of vegas that really appears to appeal to locals and tourists (if you are smart enough to do your homework). The food portions are substantial and taste is above average. Though I have to say they are far superior in the way of service. Everyone is super nice and attentive but with a laid back style I appreciate. This is the place to be if you are looking for that unique find off strip.
4	Had a party of 4 and stopped by this place on Wednesday at 1pm.  Waited 30 minutes to get seated.  Once seated, ordered, and ate, food was really good.  Would recommend.   Nice staff and helpful.
4	Yummy place to have breakfast. Especially if you stayed around the downtown area. The atmosphere is uban-y but cool, The service was great, the food was delish. I would recommend the poached eggs on an english muffin with turkey bacon. Parking right outside cost $2 due to parking meter. Our bill was about $75 for four peeps. I do think the food was worth the money though. Try it out :)
5	It was such a great surprise to find this hidden gem away from all the craziness of the Strip. This place is cute, trendy and very clean. The food options were great. I had the shrimp and grits (best I have ever had!!!!) and the hubby tried the chicken sandwich which he liked a lot. Service was great and we were seated in half the waiting time we were told. You can see the chefs working in the open kitchen and you can expect to have your food ready in no more than 10-15 minutes, which is also a plus. If you are in the area, don't forget to check this place out.
5	So yummy, chicken fried steak second to none! Grits done equal to my dads specs!!!!! Everything had a distinct excellent taste!  My new Best breakfast place!!!!!
5	I wanted a good non-touristy spot with great food so after reading a bit about this place we decided to come for brunch. It was a weekday and the place was pretty busy with the lunchtime crowd but we were still able to get a table as soon as we got there. After sitting down and getting a quick introduction from our server my impressions of the place was immediately favorable. It was obviously a local joint and the atmosphere reflected that. There were quite a few regulars there as evident from their familiar interactions with the staff and with the friendly service I knew that if we were locals we would be regulars here too.And of course the food was delicious! My boyfriend and I shared the shrimp and grits and the corned beef hash. Both plates were amazing in that comfort food goodness kind of way. I loved the chunky corned beef and the way the grits were seasoned was just perfect! The toasts that both plates came along with was also good and you'd want an extra helping to sop up the creamy grits. Last but not least, the coffee was really good! I thought I'd be disappointed that they didn't have an espresso machine but we liked their coffee so much that we ended up buying a bag! Turns out they use beans from Mothership Roasters, a local roasting company that sources single origin beans. Yup, exactly my kind of place. We were definitely happy to have found this place!
