5	I read about this place in New Times and saw two words that always speak to me like they are some alluring foreign language.... COCHINITA PIBIL! I've made this dish at home a couple of times, and it takes me a couple of days, so when I get to eat it it is a real treat. Went into La Condesa around 7:30 on Thursday night and went straight to the counter and ordered the glorious achiote and orange maranated pig, along with rice and beans and a homemade horchata. Chips were included. While I was waiting for food, the people running the place were over the top nice. The man told me about some tips to making cochinita pibil including using cinnamon, which I'd never done. The girl actually introduced herself, shook my hand, and asked my name. I've never had anyone do that in a restaurant. She proceeded to explain the salsa bar, which had about a dozen different salsas though they plan to have 20 in total eventually. The chips were fresh, all 5 of the salsas I tasted were delicoius, especially the green cream and the watermelon. My Horchata was amazing, just perfect. They topped it with crushed nuts, and there were strawberry chunks and whatnot in it. Very unique but amazing. My tacos came, and I was quick to pick off the raw onion and replace it with the proper pickled onion slices as it should have come in the first place. No problem, they have the pickled ones at the salsa bar along with all the other veggies. The tacos were full of meat bursting at the seams... large portions were great for me as I'm used to such small tacos. Their refried beans were creamy and well cooked with a nice cheese garnish, and the buttery smooth rice was delicious as well. For the fact that this place is nice, decorated with dia de los muertos style art, mexican wrestling posters, the niceness of people, and the excellent food, this place gets five stars as easily as any restaurant I've been to in Arizona. It reminded me of Mama Testa, which has grown to be one of the best known taco shops in San Diego. Phoenix has never seen anything like this. They asked if I want to come back, and I assured them, it will be soon. Very soon.
5	Fred M. pretty much said what I would say, so I won't beat a dead horse.  I'll add, though, that they offer a wide variety of deep-fried quesadillas.  Did you catch that?DEEP FRIED QUESADILLAS!
5	Keeping this brief..Went for lunch on Monday after a co-workers recommendation and was blown away by how good the Cochinita Pibil Burro was.  The pork shoulder is marinated in achiote, orange and a bunch of other stuff and was unbeleivably tender.  Great tortillas as well.  My Mexican buddy declared it some of the best meat he has ever eaten.The salsa bar had some pretty interesting stuff in it and everything I tried was great, including marinated onions and two different salsa verdes.  A plus was the Pico was pretty spicy, with large chunks of Jalapeno in it.  I will definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome. Wife had the shrimp - I had the Cochinita. Both effing delicious and reasonably-priced. And after reading some reviews, I'm really excited to go back tomorrow and try their horchata. The chips were a little salty for my liking, but the salsas we tried (especially the watermelon) were great. Cool art on the walls.Seriously - La Condesa is the real deal.
5	Drop what you're doing and drive here. After I ate here I had to go back the next day for more.  The food is that good.This cute little green building may have gone competely unoticed if I hadn't been driving down Palm Rd to avoid construction.  While waiting to turn onto 16th Street the "Grand Opening" sign caught my eye and my little yelping soul leaped for joy!  A new place to try!It looked desolate from the outside but when I opened the door I was put at easy by the decor, smell and cleanliness inside.  I ordered dinner for two, to go.  The menu was awesome.  I loved seeing all the variety: poblano peppers, mole, mahi mahi, mushrooms...something wrapped in banana leaves.  It made it difficult to choose something.  Here's what I've had so far: La Condesa Shrimp Burro and Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco.  They are both were very delicious meals but the shrimp burro stole the show.  So much flavor.  I snagged some bites from my hubbys mole and mahi mahi burros- mmmm such a delight.  The salsa bar is endless.  I really stocked up.  I was excited to try the strawberry salsa but it was too hot, in fact it all was, but I'm a big wimp when it comes to hot peppers. The horchata is handmade and delicious.  They throw pecans and some fruit in there too which is a yummy bonus!As if the good food wasn't enough to win me over the art in this restaurant sho did!  I'm a sucker for Mexican folk art and Frida Kahlo is my Oprah.  There's a painting of her and Diego hanging over the salsa bar, it's amazing.  All the paintings are great, love the artist.
5	This place is blowin' up on Yelp and for good reason!  I have a strong desire to knock one star off every review I have for other Mexican spots after eating here.  The salsa bar is fantastic, and with so many choices (upwards around 10!) it was really hard to stick with four or five little cups.I decided to go kind of random with my taco selections and picked the Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco and the Cochinita Pibil - marinated pork.  I seriously think the Cochinita Pibil was the best taco I've ever had, at least north of the border anyway.  The Dogfish Shark taco was very good as well.I think my search for the best tacos in Phoenix has come to a close!  It's going to be really tough to justify going to another place after this experience.
4	I am wrestling with what to say. The large selection of salsa maybe masked the flavors of my burrito, it's hard to say. Luchador jokes aside there were many things about my experience here that I liked. From when I entered via a large wooden door, the clean inside decorated with interesting Mexican art, padded chairs and of course the salsa bar. There is a menu on the wall; however it is hard to read. Luckily they have printed ones to order from. Despite the taco centric name I went with a Mahi burrito sans bacon, filled with grilled mahi, mushrooms, pablano pepper and more. The fish was nicely grilled and tender, the texture of the mushrooms really added to the dish. It was wrapped in a soft tortilla was quite good. Every bite I had was accompanied by one of their many salsas. The salsa bar was one of the first things I noticed walking in. There were eight options. Mild to spicy, Mellon to smoky they have it as an option. One of the more unique salsas is made from watermelon; it is refreshingly spicy and sweet. A complimentary basket of chips was delivered to our table, some of the chips were good, and however others were undercooked or stale. The location was a bit hard to find as its part of a small strip of stores and we parked out front which made for a scary exit backing on to a main road. For lunch today it was a bit odd, we walked in around 11:45 and we seemed to be the second customer of the day, with the first waiting for a to go order. The salsas were just being put out. The entire time there no one else walked in.From the looks of the massive sign on the door their liquor licence is still pending.
4	For the last several months America's Taco has ruled the downtown Taco scene.  Now just across the neighborhood a new rival emerges.  Not since Magic and Bird graced the hardwood have we seen the seeds for so tasty a rivalry.  From the great Mexican artesenia laden decor to the great service to the impeccable salsa bar- try the strawberry or peanut salsa- the place is top notch.The menu is diverse so it merits several repeat visits for purposes of exploration.  I'm still a novice but I am completely sold on the cochinita pibil.  The pork is as tender and flavorful as anything you will get up the street at the Barrio Cafe.  The place is still young.  But the rate at which incredible reviews surface on Yelp , it is testament enough that it deserves your patronage.
3	Fellow Yelpian reviews finally got me to visit this place to try it out. I am going to keep this short and to the point.... the food was yummie.... the salsa choices were very good and I now love the strawberry salsa..... the price was fair.... the service was ok!!...  The only thing I did not like was the portions were a bit on the small side.... the pulled pork is yummie/messy.... the dogfish shark tacos were yummie.... the art was interesting... the place was clean....Summary... I will visit it again but I did not think it was out of this world great..... but over-all a good exp....
5	Not sure how to follow Julie P.'s epic review, but I thought I'd show some support.La Condesa is a fantastic addition to Central Phoenix. Casual, nice people, amazing food.Like other reviewers, I'm partial to the Oaxaca black mole chicken and the cochinita pibil. Everything is delicious in any delivery system -- taco, burro, or (gooey and vaguely depraved) quesa.The salsa bar really gets me, though. Experiencing it is to suffer total cognitive arrest and disorganization; it's like love at first sight or stumbling upon a work of great art. Peanut, cilantro, de arbol... bring a sharpie so you can mark the little plastic cups and remember your favorites.Bonus points: The server remembered that I'd asked for strawberry salsa (they were out) on my last visit eight days prior, and offered a totally above-and-beyond apology. Must be something in the mole that sharpens the memory. Great place -- a gem.
4	Really awesome tacos here. I ordered the black mole and the conchinita pibil tacos. One of each and a steak queso. I didn't expect everything to be so big so I really over did myself. The queso I figured was like a quesadilla but it really isn't anything like that. Closest description is a calzone sized gordita. And not the taco bell version. The cheese was gooey and the undercooked parts of the masa were delicious. It was awesome. I broke out the plastic utensils and went to town. Daunting none the less. But I managed to put down half of it before the coma kicked in The mole taco was delicious. The chicken was sliced and covered in red onion. The sauce was spicy and not sweet at all. And the whole thing melted in my mouth. The corn taco shells are soft and made to order. The conchinita pibil taco was full of flavor and dripped juices all over the basket. Delicious. The horchata is unbelievable. Full of fruit and pecans as well as cinnimon and nutmeg.the salsa bar is epic. there was at least 12 different salsas to try. the cilantro was really good. and i normally hate raw cilantro because i burp it. but this was excellent and really brought out the flavor of my food. also the strawberry salsa was hot with a hint of sweet and freshness. and the salsa peanut was very tasty. very. very.I'm buying a bike just to ride here.  A lowerider bike with two 20's in a trailer. So I can rock all the way there.for now condesa....you are in my top 10.
4	This place is HOT on Yelp for a reason. We couldn't wait any longer and had to go try it after reading so many awesome reviews this past month; and now we must personally thank every person who recommended this place to us:Thank you my fellow Yelpers... if it weren't for you there is zero chance we ever would have stopped at this unassuming storefront in a pretty rough area of Central Phoenix. This place has a very 'hole in the wall' sort of vibe... when we first pulled up we kind of had an "Oh... this is it!" sort of reaction. We got scared at first because there was a big 'public notice' sign on the front window; we thought it might have been shut down, but luckily it was just a 'liquor license pending' sign. Whew, that was close. It's a pretty small and cozy place inside. The walls are decorated with some really interesting and fun to look at Mexican paintings and the whole inside just feels authentic; like you just walked into a taco shop in a nice quaint Mexican village. The lady behind the counter and the cook that night were very welcoming and fun to talk to. Upon pondering one of the paintings on the wall she even explained to us the meaning behind it. First things first... the chips and salsa were flippin great! Thin and crispy with a slightly salted flavor; but even better than the chips are the salsas. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that La Condessa has got the best salsa in town; and the biggest variety too. Out off all the salsa's we tried a few standouts were the peanut, cilantro, and avocado variations. For our main dish we got one of each taco on the menu... in the spirit of brevity I won't get into each specific taco; but I will say that we loved every single one of them. They each had very unique flavors with a sense of freshness to them, and pretty much zero grease. Each taco was also brim full with meat... they don't skimp on the product here; they give you your money's worth! Next time it might even be tempting to separate the two corn tortillas the tacos come in, and just divvy up the meat to make two tacos out of one! Last thing that must must must be mentioned is the Horchata. Generally this mysterious white drink is very hit and miss, well here it's a big time hit. It's unique and has all sorts of fresh fruits and spices floating in it... it tasted like some Super-Horchata or something; it was just absolutely to die for and is easily the best I've had. I highly recommend giving it a shot even if you usually don't like the stuff. La Condessa gets a 4.5/5... rounded down to a 4 for now, just because we want to go back and try the rest of their menu; which at that time if it's anywhere near as good as our first visit this'll be bumped up to a solid 5 stars. Hooray for another great Mexican place in AZ!
4	Since it's already a well-established point that this place has delicious food at an excellent value, I'll simply provide a few bulleted remarks:Great Original PaintingsSweet & fresh faced Guadalajaran transplant at counterAmazing Strawberry Salsa (WTF -- who knew?) New favorite pinto beans in town (sorry America's Taco Shop)Not a fan of the Dogshark tacoChicken Mole & Conchinita were T'AstyGenerously portioned $6.99 2 taco combination entree is UNBEATABLEI went in at 1pm, and the place was empty.  With all these great Yelp reviews, where are all the sophisticated, bargain hunting peeps with a hankering for delicious Mexican in a town notoriously lacking in this?
5	The Countess, she is beautiful, she is talented, she is delightful and she is bountiful, she is saucy (in the "salsa" sense of the word, not the "descarado" sense of the word:)...she's also cheap:)But then again, so am I:)It's Taco Tuesday (as I write this...who knows when I'll finish it and post it...maybe next Taco Tuesday...maybe not:)But today, I needed to retox after my run along the mighty Scottsdale River (or the Crosscut Canal as the flatlanders refer to it:)I was going to wander over to Cien Agave, when my buddy called and said he'd gotten done with an open heart surgery early (usually, that's a very bad sign, but not today...he said everything went "swimmingly":) but after 12 hours of holding someone's life in his hands, he too was in need of a retox:)We agreed that it was time to go see The Countess:)I've seen a bunch of glowing reviews on good ol' Yelp and as I always do when I read the praise heaped on a particular place by my Yelp brethren and sistren, I thought "I'll be the judge of that!":)Not that I don't trust the reviews...I do, or I wouldn't have jumped in the rig, pulled the belts tight and lit the turbocharger in order to get my retox going:)No..."trust, but verify"...those words were given to all of us during an episode of Death Valley Days by a nearly washed up actor (whose name escapes me at the moment)... http://tinyurl.com/yfg9e39Well, it's all true enough...the black mole chicken is subtle but spicy...the cochinita is saucy and inviting...the dog shark taco may be made with the only fish that travels well to the desert (no, don't get too excited...not the best fish taco I ever had...but very good:)And more than enough to eat from an inexpensive platter of softball sized tacos (I know, I called The Countess "cheap" a few paragraphs ago, but what I meant was a solid value:)...Two big, round, tumescent taco's with rice and frijoles'...$7.59, USD:)And plenty of salsa...oh yes...lots and lots of salsa...saucy, saucy salsa:)None of the legendary "strawberry salsa" today (probably like the Yeti...plenty of sightings, but no actual evidence:)...but I didn't care...they still had a dozen salsas to choose from:)And all the salsas seemed to complement my taco's...how is it even possible that Peanut Salsa and Smokey Chipotle Salsa BOTH taste exquisite with the moles and the pork shoulder?I don't know...I asked my buddy...he's a trained physician and he didn't know either (so what good is he?...unless I need a heart transplant and then, you know...he's a god:)As I contemplated all of the fresh and interesting selections available at the salsa bar, I thought to myself "well, it's a bar, why don't I just pull up a chair and make a day of it?" :-)After The Countess herself came out and asked me to please eat at my own table and quit embarrassing myself and my lunch buddies, I remembered that this kind of thing is what got me banned from the Top of the Mark in San Francisco (although I will tell you what I told the SFPD...having a Caviar Bar with bar stools in close proximity is just asking for it:)We finished our delightful lunch without further incident and agreed that this place should be much closer to our respective homes and open 24/7 so we can walk over and grab a burro or a platter of tacos whenever we feel like it...which would be pretty much every day, for at least 2 meals:)Do you think The Countess will go for that?
5	If this place only served chips and their salsa bar, I would still give it 5 stars!  As a salsa and hot sauce (they're different, people!) fanatic, I tend to judge Mexican food joints based on their quality of salsa - and La Condesa ranks high!  Last time I was there, I counted 10 different salsas and 2 or 3 different condiments (limes, onions, etc.).  They offer a wide range of salsas from their exotic strawberry salsa, to spicy chipotle, or creamy cilantro.  It looks a little silly with 8 little cups on salsa at your table, but you have to try them all! The horchata here is also 5-star material.  Don't be a cheapskate - shell out the $4 for it! Its giant, it will make you happy. And, when you're done with it you can eat the fruit and nuts - the drink keeps on giving! I have been here twice and have only eaten the veggie tacos, 2 of them are enough to fill me up and they are very delicious!  I must say I am not a huge fan of their rice and beans, which seem a bit bland to me.  But, the tacos, salsa and drinks all make up for some plain 'ol rice! I was very  happy to see a decent sized crowd here on my most recent visit and that La Condesa is applying for a liquor license.  This place needs to stick around for awhile!
5	te encontre! I've been reading yelp reviews of this for a good two weeks and was dying to go here.After a long day of not eating, I forced myself to go here. It's completely out of my way but boy was it worth it.I ordered two things:Carne asada tacos combo plate and a Tinga quesadilla.The fact that they have tinga makes me very happy. It wasn't as "tingaish" as I would have liked it, but then again, no one has ever made me tinga like my Tia guty. The bad:- teeny tiny parking. I came here at 4pm on a friday and was the only person there for a good ten minutes. I can't imagine finding a parking spot when there are more people around.- The tortillas weren't great. They're not bad, but they aren't anything special. A taco should have a good tortilla in case the meat sucks (not that it sucked here).- The rice and beans portion is small. WAY small. I get that a restaurant needs to make some profit, but these are tiny. The good-- The quesadilla is huge. By huge, I mean I ate half of it and had to save some for later because of how filling the doughy tortilla is. This is not your average quesadilla. Not only do they use the right cheese (not your Americanized mozzarella and monterey jack or even, god forbid, chihuahua cheese), but the tortilla is flaky AND flavorful. That's a quality tortilla. This tortilla is nothing like the one used for the tacos, you can tell they make these themselves.-The variety of salsas is pretty damn good. They will have everything from the most unoffensively bland salsa for gueros to a chile de arbol salsa that could make my daddy sweat. - La horchata. Now this is what horchata should taste like. Other restaurants take note because people may come here solely for this. The fruit is a cute side trick, but the horchata really is good.I give it five stars because it reeks of unpretentiousness and we all know how much I loathe pretentiousness. The artwork is simple but quirkily Mexican, there is nothing fancy about the decor (which I like) and the cook looks like my Tio Memo (except he can cook whereas my Tio cannot). Overall, I hope they don't change a damn thing here. Let it become as popular as they can but please, please, don't change what you have! Finally, some authentic (and I hate using that word) tacos in Phoenix.
5	Judging from the other amazing reviews, it surely won't be long until this gem is packed at all times... Apparently it still hasn't been discovered by the majority of the city yet, which definitely made our Sunday night visit quicker.  As we arrived, I immediately fell in love with their door.  Their door? Yep. It is an awesome front door.  And the colors? Love.  Definitely a good start to our adventure.The restaurant only had 2 tables filled - thank goodness there wasn't a wait, since we had the child in tow.   On the advice of other yelpers, we ordered two taco platters and a quesadilla.  Unfortunately, they were out of carne asada, my husband's first choice, but the lovely waitress's genuine apology made everything okay (seriously - people underestimate the power of a good apology!).  We ended up with Tinga chicken, veggie and cochinita tacos and a tinga chicken quesadilla.  While we waited for our food, we took our time trying many of the salsas at the salsa bar.  I was so happy that we picked a night that they featured the strawberry salsa.  YUM! Why has no one else thought of this deliciousness before??  Our dinner came out quickly and was perfect.  We absolutely loved every bite - the chicken and pork were tender and so flavorful.  Normally, I don't even bother to share what I ordered to drink... this place is the exception - HORCHATA.  I'm pretty sure that their horchata is taking steroids or something.... it is unnatuarally good.  I can't imagine going there and not indulging in this lovely rice milk - decked out with tons of fruit, pecans, and cinnamon.  Now, in all fairness, I'm about as white as a sheet of paper... so perhaps I've just never been exposed to amazing horchata before... but this seemed to be the ultimate.   Thanks for showing me the horchata light :)I am looking forward to a return visit - very, very soon.  And if you haven't been there yet - get going!  Show them some love... I want to make sure they stay full and busy, so I can enjoy their deliciousness for many years :)
5	We got there...there was a wait...it was so crowded that some people had to stand to eat their food and it was soooo damn worth it.From the folk Mexican art depicting Santo and Freda Kahlo's uni-brow to the leather and rough wood La Condesa is as much a treat to the eyes as to the nose and mouth.We are so used to fiery Tex-Mex here in Arizona that it is hard to believe that there is another side to good Mexican food....a delicacy of flavor that counts on subtle textures and refreshing herbs and vegetables to cool our palates and the heat of Southwest days.I tried every one of the salsas available on Saturday and I can still taste the peanut salsa while I dream of the strawberry salsa (and the cilantro cream salsa and the chipotle...you get the picture).We split the dogfish and carne asada tacos along with a mahi burrito and were too stuffed to make our way any farther down the menu, guaranteeing we'll be back for more.Any complaints? Only the smallest of one....I actually prefer water to soft drinks with my meals and appreciate a reasonably sized cup (I promise I won't steal the Coke). I was given an 8oz styro cup filled with ice, necessitating several trips to the counter to ask for more. Totally rediculous since the soft drink dispenser is behind the counter and I couldn't rip them off if I wanted to ;-) ....and yet another styro cup waiting over a thousand years to biodegrade in a landfill.La Condesa is what a good taqueria should be, just make sure to weedle a paper cup out of the cashier if you quieres agua.
5	Oh. My. Goodness.  I realize that I just reviewed this little-slice-of-Heaven last week, but our latest visit deserves an update.  We brought my visiting mother-in-law to La Condesa, so we could share the Mexican-food love with her.  For the last two days, I've heard her on the phone to at least 3 different people, raving about the "amazing" Mexican food she had on Saturday.  On this visit, they had the Carne Asada (they were out last time).  My husband liked it, but actually thought the Tinga chicken was even better.  He swears there isn't a better chicken taco in town, and I think I'd have to agree.  My MIL had the chicken mole tacos and loved them.  She orders mole whenever she gets the chance, and rated it way up with Barrio's dish.  I was blown away by the deliciousness of the mahi-mahi burro.  Oh, goodness... I'm having a flashback of it's amazingness...  luscious chunks of fish, smokey bacon, mushrooms (which I normally pass on, but they were fantastic!), and their velvety cilantro-cream sauce.  Ahhhhh.... so good!  Another 5-star visit!
4	Was is good.. YesDid it blow me away.. NoI arrived here about 4:45pm Monday evening. It was me and the photographer for AZ Republic. I look over the menu and the salsa bar and man did it look good. I was hoping there was a sample platter or something but the best I could come up with was the 2 Taco meal. I opted for the Chicken and the pork, one of each. What I liked: -Chips with out having to order them separate.  -Tacos full of meat. -Staff was nice-Rice and Beans were good. -The salsa bar...way coolMeh:  -Corn shell was overcooked on 1/2 (one side)-meat was boring without salsa, good thing there is like 20 to choose. It seems like the upscaled two hippies and it worked! 3.5 out of 4
3	Hmmm ... well it was good, just not great. I had the shrimp taco and it came super hot but relativity tasteless. My girl Jacquid had the same thing (two shrimp tacos) and the total came to $25... not exactly a bargain in my book.That said the interior is small but beautiful (lot of art on the walls).
4	I almost feel useless writing this review, I think everyone has said it all.  But still, I liked it just that much that I want to have my say anyway!I had one shrimp taco and one pibil taco.  The pibil was...... just... so, so so so good.  It made me want to exit through the kitchen and shoot the chef a la Johnny Depp (*i will not shoot any chefs, please do not report me).  The tortillas were just right, and I already want another one.The shrimp taco.... I hate to say it but it WAS bland.  Not bad, just not very flavorful.  I poured on a bunch of the Cilantro Cream salsa, which didn't add much.  I'll stick with the pibil!On to the salsas:  Believe the hype over this strawberry salsa.  Who the heck thinks these things up??  Regardless, it's brilliant and I hope they start selling it by the jar.  I was super excited about the cilantro cream, but it fell a little flat.  Like the shrimp tacos, it was good, just not filled with flavor.  The only other salsa I had was the plain old salsa, and it was really great as well.And as for the horchata, I have never had horchata like that.  It really was delicious, but just so sweet and rich that I don't think I even finished 1/4 of it.  And for some reason, you can't get a smaller size.  But for a few sips after your meal, mmmmmmmmmm.Dave B is right about the price.  BUT, we each got 2 tacos, and neither one of us finished them both.  I really think that splitting a 2 taco meal, combined with the DELICIOUS tortilla chips, is more than enough for 2 people.As others have mentioned, the artwork is just stunning.  I love Day of the Dead art, and these were beautiful.  In short, the Yelpers are all right.  Just go, and thank us later.
5	Well... couldn't help it... gotta bump this up to a perfect five stars after our last visit. Our first visit we tried every taco on the menu... this time we tried a quesadilla, an Oaxacan Black Mole Burro, and for good measure a regular old bean burrito because we wanted to try their beans. On top of that I just had to get another 'Dogfish Shark' taco because it was my favorite, and instead of the Horchata we tried their Jamaica drink...mmm. The quesadilla was very different, made with a really thick corn tortilla with sour cream drizzled all over it... damn good. Perfect to tear pieces off of and dip in the different salsas. The two burros we tried were equally tasty... and just like last time the chips were spot on. What's not to love about this place? It's just one of those 'easy to fall in love with' little holes in the wall. I think I'd give just about anything for them to start selling their salsa's to-go... especially after our last visit and finally being able to try the much talked about strawberry salsa; it really is as good as everyone says it is... heaven in a sauce basically. Whoever the mad scientist is behind these salsas really deserves a pat on the back, because I'm hooked. From what I've been hearing this place is slowly starting to get busier and busier... it puts a smile on my face to see good food and good businesses succeed based on word of mouth. In my ideal world there'd be a La Condessa on every other corner, instead of a Taco Bell... eh, baby steps I guess. 5/5.
5	Wow...this place really knocked my socks off.  This is exactly what Phoenix needs, a cool place to eat great Sonoran/Mexican food.  The owners sure had a nice vision and succeded in creating a great spot for the neighborhood.The tacos and quesadilla I've had here was nothing less than spectacular.  Having lots of flavor and not skimping on the portions. The salsa bar is quite fun as well with many different and uniques choices to choose from.  Never seen so many salsas offered anywhere else and I'm sure I will make it through all of them with my many visits to follow.Keeping the flavor of the area being on the edge of a very artsy neighborhood the decor is amazing.  Vibrant paintings all around and murals on the bathroom doors definitely makes this place stand out with style.This place is a must see for anyone who likes great food and culture.  Take a deep breath before you walk in and inhale an experience I am sure you will remember.
4	It was a very decent place. (I still live/die for Ritos)--Price:  It was $6.99 for my burro.  For its size, it was about average.--Food:  I had the Oaxacan Black Mole Burro. I was good, but not mind blowing.  I would say it was worth the visit.--Service:  Alright I guess.  I could take out my balls, rub them on the table, and the waitress would never know.  Take what you want from this.I read so much about the chips and salsa: Chips sucked my shaved anus but the salsa was good.  I had better at Costco. **Strawberry salsa was good**Overall it was a good experience (hence the 4 stars), but I will continue giving my money to RITOS.
4	I went here at about 11:15 today for lunch. There was a line. that had already formed. Its a very small venue, no bathroom, so make sure to wash your hands and do your business before you get there. Only about a dozen or so tables on the floor, and the cashier is also your waitress delivering food to your table. If your expecting great service, forget about it, you focus strictly on the food here. Their is barely any parking. Everyone that seemed to come in was new to this place checking out other patrons food and asking them what it is and how they like it. Im sure they were all fellow yelpers as well considering where this place is and how everyone appeared to be new to this place.The address is a little confusing with the map being shown on their website. Its off 16th street as the address implies, and the crossroad is Palm and 16th. There is a sign for another business there that says FAT PAD which is easily visible. Blink and you will miss this restaurant. The inside has a lot of cool mexican art. They also have a fresh salsa bar.Wow this has some very flavorful food. Its not greasy or fatty at all. You can really taste all the ingrediants. I ordered the Dog Fish Tacos, the mahi mahi burrito, and the Carne Asada Taco. Everything was absolutely delish with lots of flavor! I liked the Dog Fish taco best. Make sure to get there before noon. They do take a while to make it, so be sure you have the time, especially if they are busy. You can call ahead or fax your order in as well.
5	Yes! Yes!! YES!!I got to go here & I'm going to be telling everyone I know that they're missing out if they don't try the Dogfish Shark Taco.I actually took a first date here. Major points for me from my date. He luuurved it.I'm salivating thinking about the happy-mouth-gasm I had.This place is hard to find :( Drove right past it twice! I was hell bent on getting here though. They need a sign out front, not just the name on the building.I wasn't sure which direction the restroom door opened either. It opens on the right. If there's no one in there it'll open. (duh lol)Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Taco was good. Not really my style though. It was tasty & looked good. Maybe I just don't like mole?Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco is melt in your mouth good. You lightly crunch through the batter & the tender dogfish practically, no perfectly, falls apart in your mouth. I'm addicted.The Shrimp Quesa is... gosh, where do I even start? The outside was fluffy, while still being robust. The shrimp were cooked, & chopped perfectly; tender & never chewy! I loved how the garlic was sliced & not minced or ground. It's amazing how a little thing like sliced garlic makes a huge difference in flavor balance.I thought I'd had some darn good horchata before. This is horchata on steroids. I mean that in the best way. This may be weird, but next time I go I'm going to ask for no ice so I can eat the pecans & some of the fruit with a spoon. Don't think badly of me, I just want every last tasty bit!The salsa bar is so fun! The salsa bar with something crazy like over 11 salsas?! Yeah, THAT salsa bar. I've never even heard of some of those salsas. I took 1 of each home. I wanted something to use to convince my mom to come here eventually. I also get to keep enjoying La Condesa from home by using their salsas on burritos, tamales, & quesadillas I make.Who cares if they don't always understand what you say? Who cares if sometimes they don't get every order right? That's fixable! Just talk it out with them. But really, it's about the food. It's all about the food...Edit:I noticed a difference between the online menu & the physical menu at the location. Online: Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Shark TacoActual: Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Taco - A Oaxacan specialty! A legendary blend of spices, chiles, nuts and chocolate made into a rich and flavorful sauce, mixed with shredded chicken.This comes topped with red onions & there is no shark in it, just chicken.
4	Stopped in for lunch with M.  I got the Mahi Mahi Quesa (Oaxaca cheese, mahi mahi fish, poblano pepper, mushrooms, onion, fresh garlic and Mexican herbs) and a large rasberry lemonade.  I asked if I can have the quesa without pepper (not a big fan), they said ok.  But it still came with it.  The quesa was HUGE!  It was really good.  The total came to $10.27, a little more $$ than I thought it should be.
2	Stopped in on Saturday for lunch. Place was dead, only one other couple in the restaurant. Noticed speakers on the wall, but no music was playing. Not exactly a jovial atmosphere for a wonderful spring day in March. I ordered the Carne Asada and a Cochinita Pibil to be washed down with an Horchata. I then proceeded to the Salsa bar which appeared to have an outstanding selection and I immediately started filling cups with the many varietals eagerly anticipating being able to dress up my tacos. Chips were then brought out to snack on while I waited for my food. I can only describe these as cold, flavorless, and typical of most chain restaurant chips. Not a good sign. My Taco's arrived shortly thereafter. Unfortunately these too were nothing to write home about. The tortillas were cold and appeared store bought. The carne asada was overcooked and lacked any form of flavor. I attempted to spice things up by adding salsas, but these too were flavorless. Very little spice and hardly any seasoning. The cochinita pibil was enjoyable, as it was juicy and tasted like a quality cut of pork, but wrapped inside of a cold store bought tortilla the experience was muted. I highly doubt I will be returning to this restaurant, and I honestly question those that have written such outstanding reviews. My opinion, no taco shop should bill itself as "Gourmet" if it does not make its own tortillas, has bland salsas, and cannot make a juicy and flavorful carne asada.
3	Liked the artsy decor and slightly unusual taco selections.  Would have preferred 3 rather than 2 tacos in the combos.  I had the Cabo shrimp and the conchita pilbil tacos.  Both very good but neither knocked my socks off.   The various salsa were indentified by signs while I was there and lots of fun to test against my tacos (even though I ended up preferring the most standard versions).  The strawberry salsa is a definite must - astounding to get strawberry taste and heat at the same time and it works!
4	Dear 16th Street,Please continue to bring it!  Just yesterday a colleague at school told me he thought Barrio Cafe's food was diminishing in oomph.   I disagreed, but that evening, I just so happened to bike over to La Condesa to try out this new gourmet taco place on 16th.The cursive red neon sign, that word "gourmet" and the dozens of Yelp endorsements ushered us in on a Tuesday night.  Warm walls. Original paintings. Furnishings from Bellas Artes de Mexico.  The most substantial wooden tables and chairs in central Phoenix.  When we had opportunity in our conversation to "knock on wood," we felt a bit shamed by the feebleness of our gesture and the robustness of the table.  Order at the counter from a cheerful and demure young lady, whose accent we could not place.I linger on the ambiance because others have noted the stellar food.Your food food for thought:  Come for the two taco meal (with beans & rice (with corn!)), and stay for the fresh and diverse salsa bar.  This isn't Baja Fresh.  This is Condesa cuisine.  Think jicama and orange salsa.  Think peanut salsa. And the creamiest, zingiest cilantro creme salsa!I must disagree with Lali about the beans: America's Tacos' are more memorable, but you are still right, Lali, on a technicality -- the beans at America's are not pinto...It's a secret. Not really. Ask them.
3	Life is all about creating a balance. This idea translates to a restaurant with its elements of food, service and decor.The gourmet taco shop La Condesa is still trying to find its own equilibrium, but the line of customers nearly out the door isn't giving the new establishment much of a chance.La Condesa is located on 16th Street, just north of McDowell, in a neighborhood that's no stranger to tasty Mexican food, including Tortas El Guero and the popular Barrio Cafe.With no shortage of good Mexican food, how does a new place stand out? They do things their own way.You'll notice striking artwork on the walls. The art is beautifully lit, and from a visual standpoint it's hard to look away, that's until you see the salsa bar.Once you place your order at the counter, you're given a number. Then have a seat and a staffer will deliver a basket of crunchy chips. This is when the fun begins, tapping that salsa bar.On each of my visits, the salsa line up was never quite the same, with at least six to choose from. Standouts include an Avocado Salsa that was vibrant and flavorful, the chunky salsa Mexicano and the Creamy Cilantro Salsa.If you run out of chips they will refill your basket, but try not to fill up on chips while you wait for your food, because you will indeed wait, and wait, and wait... On each of my visits the kitchen took from 15 to 45 minutes to deliver my order. But don't let this discourage you because some things are worth waiting for.The tacos are served on two 6-inch corn tortillas. You can order tacos ala carte ($2.99 each) or as a two taco plate ($6.99) with rice and beans.The beer battered Cabo Shrimp version was hot and fresh, yet perfectly crunchy while leaving the shrimp moist and tender. The Sonoran Carne Asada had a great flavor but was more like jerky, tough and dry.Burritos were mostly a miss, while paying a premium ($7.29). You can choose shrimp or mahi mahi. Mine were filled with too much rice and not enough seafood.However the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Burro ($6.99) was an absolute killer. Filled with luscious roasted pork shoulder, it was so tender you don't need teeth to eat it.The handmade Corn-Quesa is going to bring me back. They take fluffy corn masa and fold it around your selection of fillings, then use their deep frying to create a unique and substantial alternative to tacos and burritos.Being a purist, the Traditional Quesa ($5.49) was one of my favorites, simply filled with gooey Oaxaca cheese.The same Oaxaca cheese is paired with the earthy flavors of mushrooms in the Maria Sabina Quesa ($6.99).For me, the thing to order is the Azteca Tinga Quesa ($7.29). Stuffed with shredded chicken, tomato, onion and chipotle sauce, the flavors were complex and each bite was sheer bliss.Service is friendly and on some nights you might even see the owner's kids helping out.
4	It is in the weirdest area!  But the food, good!  Had the shrimp and carne asada tacos, the beef was a little tough, but the shrimp tacos were yummy!  Best part, eating all the guacamole they had out, yummy!!  It's worth going back ::-)
5	I don't tout many restaurants especially Mexican food but La Condesa is by far one of the best taco shop restaurants I have been to in the valley. It is hard to believe that with almost a Mexican restaurant on every corner in Phoenix that most if them if not all of them are disappointing or overpriced.If you want a Scottsdale vibe with overpriced drinks and unauthentic food then this is not the place for you but if you want home flavor cooking with fresh ingredients with an authentic smile, then don't miss trying out this great new hot spot. You won't be disappointed!
4	On my way home from the baseball game I decided to stop in here and see what all the excitement was about.  I drove past it and then turned around and got a parking spot right by the door.I ordered the dogfish shark taco and the cochinita pibil taco combo with rice and beans.  I received some chips as I left the order counter and stopped at the salsa bar to get some pico de gallo.  When I got to my table I scooped some pico onto my tortilla chip and wow, what great fresh taste!I also had some tomatillo, jicama and chipotle salsas that I tried on my tacos.  The shark taco was good and the cochinita pibil was even better.  Even the small cups of rice and beans where really good.I grabbed a menu on my way out and am already trying to plan what I'll have on my next visit.  I especially can't wait to try the horchata.
3	I met a friend here for lunch and it was both of our first times. When I arrived, I parked next door at a mexican party shop. I am not sure if I was supposed to park there or not. Luckily I didn't get towed. Parking is not so fantastic there and you have to drive slowly down the street so you don't miss it. The restaurant is in a non-descriptive block. When I walked in, I loved the big wood chairs and tables. The feel was authentic mexican inside. We grew up going to Mexico every family vacation and my parents always liked to go to the non-touristy spots, especially in Cancun downtown. This restaurant reminded me of the Yucatan-inspired restaurant we visited that was right next to the bull fighting arena. So did some of the items on the menu. There was a mini bar for the salsas, and I think they had about 6 out. I wish they put a name card out for them so you knew what they were. I decided to grab a few different ones and see which I liked best. None of them were outstanding, but I did enjoy the unique, but hot strawberry salsa. I  decided to try a corn quesadilla off the menu, looking forward to real mexican queso in my meal. I ordered the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Quesa. It had Oaxaca cheese, roasted pork shoulder with achiote rojo and Mexican herbs. It was delicious, though, it was so filling, I could only eat half.  I was unhappy about the tortilla chips.  They tasted old and stale. I figured they'd be fresh and hot from the fryer since I got there right when they opened. I need to go back again so I can really get a feel for more of the food and atmosphere. I think this is a review-in progress situation...
4	A quaint lil' taco shoppe, with an assortment of DEEE-LISH salsas, my favie is Peanut Salsa and Orange Salsa.... and a menu paralleling Al Varado Street, Downtown LA... and HORCHATA to make your eyelashes curl! LEmmmmmE just say.... it's YUMM-4-DAYS......
4	Solid three and a half stars, rounded up because I am feeling magnanimous today . Others have already waxed rhapsodic about the high points of this little hidden gem: the decor (slightly kitschy, somewhat modern and a pinch of rustic), the salsa bar (over ten types, freshly made and flavorful without the tastebud massacre of straight hot chilis), and the horchata (yummy and light, made unique with the addition of finely chopped cantaloupe and strawberries and a sprinkle of pecans). Being a quesadilla fanatic, I got the veggie one. Now, mind you, I had not read any reviews prior to my visit, so I was somewhat disconcerted  by the three pound Mexican calzone that arrived. I'm not complaining -- it was quite tasty -- but the puffy, doughy corn "tortilla" exterior was a bit much for me. Oh yeah, and the five handfuls of cheese inside of it. Too much. The damn thing was so big, it eventually became three meals.My SO, the ultimate Mexican food snob, dug his chicken burro, although it was overstuffed and gooing and oozing everywhere, requiring him to attempt to consume it with a (cheap, flimsy plastic) knife and fork. Try cutting a hot, goopy mess wrapped in a tortilla sitting on a single thin piece of paper on a wicker basket with bendy cheap utensils. Yeah. Total mess. Not first-date friendly.The location, parking, and service are questionable, as others have noted. We beat the rush by going late morning; I didn't think the wait for the food was unreasonable, but I wouldn't be stopping in here for a bite if I was in a hurry.  While I loved the horchata, the fruit was chopped just finely enough to go shooting up the straw unexpectedly. Total choking hazard for the less physically coordinated (read: me). Overall, pretty, pretty good. We'll be back, although I'll pass on the quesadilla next time...
4	YUM YUM YUM!!! This place is amazing. The focus is fresh delicious food. Everything tastes like it was made from scratch that day. Everything we've eaten had a distinct flavor so you can really get a feel for lots of different tastes. Whatever kind of "Mexican" you are in the mood for; this place will deliver. Nothing here ever feels like it was rushed to be cooked faster.I have been here twice and the second time was even better than the first.The first time we had 2 Cochinita pibil (pork) tacos, a Dogfish Shark taco and a Carne Asada taco. All of them were amazing with each having their own unique seasonings, complimentary accoutrement (pickled red onion for the pork, cabbage and creamy salsa for the shark etc.).The second time we got a 'Dogfish Shark' taco, a chicken mole taco and a chicken burrito. The chicken mole was outstanding. My mouth is watering remembering it. It was a perfect earthy balance of the chili and the chocolate dancing on my tongue. The chicken burrito was also amazing in its simplicity. The refried beans are smoky and smooth in an indescribable way. The chicken was slow cooked and complimented the beans well. The horchata was very good- and not gritty or powdery or too sweet like many places. My only complaint (because nothing's perfect right?) is I would have liked more ice. Yeah- that's all I could come up with.The variety of salsas makes it fun. The first time we went they didn't have the strawberry salsa we had read so much about, so of course we had to come back! We got the strawberry salsa and there was also the peanut salsa which I preferred to the strawberry one. Again the variety of tastes in the salsa is fantastic. The flavor combinations are unique and widely varied from sweet, to savory to spicy.I work around the corner so will definitely be back for more!
4	Just really good salsa's and Tacos!!  Just had a late lunch with the wife...had the fish tacos plate and the pork tacos plate accompanied by housemade horchata...both tacos were really good...especially liked the salsa to accompany the pork tacos.  The beans and rice were good. The horchata had fresh strawberries and nuts in it, tasted like they had  just made it!   Salsa bar has a really good selection..especially like the avacado and the tomato chipotle.  Will be back for more and try their queso's or a burrito.
4	since I cannot show my face in Gallo Blanco ever again, this has now become my fave gourmex establishment where they will trade food for $!the tacos are good. the salsa is better. the only downfall, is NO ALCOHOL! ...which may be why I am still able to show my face in here...and perhaps why the hairspray is not sticky... NO ALCOHOL!
5	My definition of Central Phoenix ended at around the 12ths on both sides, but this place and Urban Beans have taught me the folly of my ways.  Condessa is a simple and beautiful spot, serving a different, more expansive menu than most of the other Mexican restaurants I've been sampling.First impressions won me over on first step in, I am in love with the Dios los Muertos art aesthetic and they have some beautiful works adorning their walls and doors.  The self-described gourmet menu was enticing, many selections I've never seen in person, only read about in my food travel readings, so I was intrigued.  I really wish I was more hungry, I settled on the Queso which was recommended by my server.The food takes a bit of time to prepare, but that does give you time to enjoy the salsa bar, which this day included 10 varieties including strawberry, chipolte, a creamy cilantro, guac, pico, can't remember them all.  When my Queso came I was a bit shocked by it's size and relativity to fry-bread, not that this is a bad thing.  The pork inside was unbelievable, comparable in portion size and taste to that of much more expensive places.  Fried cheesy porky goodness, topped with rotating different salsas, each bite was another slice of heaven.My gripes:  I have much respect for the work they put in to make this food outstanding, but they are shooting themselves in the foot with the plastic silverware,  cheap baskets and togo cups.  I know doing dishes is annoying, but you need to match your great food with great accoutrement.After writing this, I'm going back today.  Yum.
3	Good food but service is lacking.  Self service, sort of.  No trash cans, no easy refills.  Food is well worth the experience, though.
3	Okay.... Where was the strawberry salsa? The Guacamole was gone too.  I went here with my sister and was so confused with the menu. It was posted on the wall and it was so hard to read. Why was it posted on the side and not in the front? The place was okay. I ordered the the shrimp tacos and got fish. They messed up my order, but they were busy...oh well. The fish was good though, so I didn't complain. I'll try it again and give it another chance.
5	If the food and salsa weren't off the hook incredible, I would have given just 1 star.  Apparently I went to LCGTS on a really bad night.  But they pulled off a tasty miracle.  My pal and I went to LCGTS on our way to see Cheech and Chong at the Dodge Theater.  So we were up for some good Mexican food munchies.We walk in and there is a line... okay no big deal.  BUT there were no forks (we had to eat with spoons and fingers).  There were no napkins, and the salsa bar was bone dry.  I mean the salsa trays looked like they had been licked clean by a starving dog.  They were able to replenish the salsa but they completely ran out of forks.  We got no chips and no drinks.  We had to beg the poor, nice girl who was completely stressed out.  They were a tad understaffed.  It was a "trip".  But somehow they managed to bring out my dish.... a Chicken Mole burrito and a Carne Asada Steak taco.  OMG were they amazing.  The flavors of those dishes and the flavors of the AMAZING salsa were just super.  The meat in that taco was cooked to perfection.  Crusty bits of steak that had a crunchy sear but were still very tender on the inside.  I didn't mind not having a fork.While we were there, they LOCKED the door, just like Cheech Marin did in the Vampire den in "From Dusk till Dawn".  We were locked in as prisoners.  Apparently they were closing down at 6:45 p.m. due to being understaffed and not having forks or more salsa.  Luckily, my buddy and I were the last people to be served.  I will definitely go back.
4	Third visit to La Condesa and that's enough to give it a review. I like the flavors, which are largely guided by your personalized salsa choices, but find it to be a bit heavy in portions.La Condesa is really ALL about the salsa... not just for the chips but utilizing the bar during the whole visit to create your own perfect balance of flavors. Dishes are dialed into a low volume in order to let the salsa sing.  If your meal's not right, it may be that you're putting peanut salsa on charred beef rather than chicken or vegetables.PORTIONS + VALUETwo Condesa tacos are way too generous, while three truly street-sized tacos at Gallo Blanco are just perfect for this gal (one reviewer noted the lack of a "sampler" style plate, which is true). However my brother in law, the bottomless pit, packed away one queso and two tacos in a single sitting. So if you're a big eater and looking for value, its very fair and you'll get plenty of protein.THE BEANSSmooth, smoky, with just a little chunk. Thin enough for dipping, which is crucial for the doughy ends of your fried queso tortilla. I'm impressed at how consistent the beans have tasted across three visits. Portion size has been reviewed as small but when you have that much taco to eat, who has room for beans other than as a condimento?THE RICENothing to write home about. Pale, underseasoned. On one visit it was sticky. Not what we local eaters expect as "Mexican Rice".THE SALSASThis is what you come for: salsa on demand. There is an avocado cruda salsa that disappears quickly but is consistently green and fresh, never gray. Chile de arbol salsa has a faint nutty taste. Green tomatillo is delicious. Purple cabbagy condimento is great paired with cochinita as suggested. Salsa Mexicana is not mundane. Cilantro drizzle is a welcome accent. TACOSTaco plates are generously portioned with meat, almost too much in my book but who's complaining? Whisper of selected vegetable garnish included. Tortillas are average quality and may not be steam-fluffed enough. I'll give them this: they don't break. BURRITOSMessy but good. Thin wax paper can't withstand much contact with a knife and fork. The Bullet is a mild no-brainer favorite for kids. QUESOSDecadent! Sinful! Beckoning! The fried dough is pastry-like. Paired with the cohinita pibil it was like having dessert for supper. The extra doughy bits on the seam are particularly yummy dunked in beans. Being a fan of the doughy huarache concept in general, the Queso takes corncake-ness up to eleven.MOLE NEGROA true mole negro, not the sweeter raisin-y ancho-packed type we often get here in town. It's not smoky, but actually charred and a little bitter, with aromatic undertones. Chocolate tones not easily discernable. Different that what you may be used to, but good.AZTEC CHICKEN TINGAAdequately wet and seasoned. Tender and easy to pull apart without a knife. Mild on the seasoning, but easily remedied with that ample salsa bar everyone is raving about. This makes Mexican food accessible to all tolerances of heat, in a way.COHINITA PIBILDelicate shreds of well braised pork. Low key on the seasoning but not flavorless. Nice paired with the purple salsa and anything acidic they have out that day.SEAFOODOur bottomless pit had the Ahi and the Dogfish shark and said both were good.CARNE ASADACrunchy but missing the smoke and sizzle I'd expect from a mesquite grilled specialty. It was adequate but lacked a bit of citrus acidity and kick. Competent, and even tasty.  Again, nothing not easily remedied by salsa.VEGETABLESHow refreshing to have vegetables available for all dishes as entree or add-ons. I added spinach to my Queso in a meager attempt to satisfy a vegetable serving for my meal. It delivered beautifully and added crunch.BEVERAGESHorchata and Jaimaica live up to their previous reviews here. Horchata is way too huge for a child. Would love to see a pint-sized version. The full size is a commitment.THE WAITYes, you might wait. Even if the restaurant is empty. I went for take-out after the lunch rush and waited 20 minutes even though there was only one order ahead of me and there was no line at the counter.  If I had known they were going to pack me a mini-stash of chips in the to-go bag I'd have asked for it in advance to pass the time at the salsa bar while I waited. Post-lunch rush also showed some empty salsa bins but with 12 choices, it just means some of your favorites are in the process of being refilled. We're spoiled here at La Condesa. Most of my favorite true-mex restaurants only offer two, maybe three at the table.THE ENVIRONMENTRustic contemporary/ironic and clean on the surface but not tidy to the  glance when abandoned baskets stack up. They need a self-service trash can like Baja Fresh or Chipotle so the baskets don't accumulate in public view. Would appreciate a commitment to wash cheap silverware. No indication if they recycle the consumables.
4	Oh man, this was a good dinner! There were rumors about La Condesa: awesome salsa bar, tasty cheap tacos...I am glad to say that both of those rumors are TRUE!I had a chicken mole taco which had just a couple too many red onions on it (which were easily dispatched). The mole was rubbed into the chicken rather than glooped on top, so the fragrant smokiness really soaked into the chicken. I liked this taco even better with a spoonful of the juicy strawberry salsa on top.I also sampled the carne asada burro. Simple handmade flour tortilla (I could eat them plain for days), filled with black beans and beef. The meat had a deep flavor and was slow-cooked tender. Again, a dollop from the large assortment of salsas, this time the creamy cilantro, made good taste great.My calabacitas were grilled just right: nice char marks, but with some body still left to the slices. La Condesa only loses a point because the chips could have been better (fresher) and the parking in front is rather harrowing. Otherwise, it is going in the regular rotation. I hope they have t-shirts sometime soon with some of the amazing artwork!
5	Been twice. Authentic, high quality & great price for what you get. Salsa de Chile de Arbol was the best!! Loved the decor. Orchata tasted fresh, which is a rarity in most Mexican Restaurants.
5	soOO yummy!! the best vegetarian tacos around!! fantastic salsa bar too  & the Horchata soOO delicious! mmmm
3	i have been to this place a few times now.. in the beginning it was amazing but last time i was a little disappointed.the salsa bar has lots of great flavors, but the best was the guacamole which used to be free.  now they charge $3.75 for a tiny container..!the quesa (although tasty) can be VERY greasy.. took it to go last time and it was literally swimming in the container by the time i got it home.the art on the walls and bathroom doors is lovely and tricks me into liking the place more than i would otherwise, i think.not bad.. but not good.
4	We finally had an opportunity to check out La Condesa and it lived up to all the great reviews we had read.  We overordered as we wanted to try several things.The salsa bar was fun.  It was nice to try a few different flavors.  My daughter who doesn't like spice really enjoyed the peanut salsa.  The tomatillo was exceptional as well.  I did not think the guacamole was well executed.   There were onions, tomatos, pineapple and cilantro but it was more pico-ish than guacamole-like.  And where was the avocado?  For $3.95 the portion was relatively small.  I would definitely pass on this in the future.    For main courses, we had the mole chicken quesa and an assortment of tacos.  The mole was exceptional and wasn't at all bitter.  The quesa itself was flaky, crisp and delicious.   If you are a mole fan, this is a must try.For tacos, we had the baja shrimp, slow cooked pork and carne asada.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly and the breading light and didn't overwhelm the flavors.  I loved the pork which was moist, flavorful and satisfying.  The carne asada was very good though pretty typical street taco fare.   I will definitely dine here again.   The setting matched the food... casual, comfortable but not your typical mexican fare.  It's definitely a step above.
4	So I finally got off my yelpn butt and made it on over to La Condesa for lunch today. I got there around 1045, so I was that creepy taco stalker in the parking lot for about 15 minutes. I ordered teh La Condesa Shrmip Burro and the Oaxacan Mole chicken Taco. As I waited, I was able to check out the 8 or 9 different salsas they had there. Great stuff, I only packed up four. My fave, by a mile, was the creamy cilantro salsa. I wanna bathe in that stuff, like now. My food was ready pretty quick and I was in and out, which is nice.The taco was great, I really liked the flavor in the mole. I decided to add some of the peanut salsa the had, which was pretty good. I do have to say the Burro did fall a bit flat for me. there were tons of ingredients in tehre, but somehow it seemed to be a bit bland without adding any of the salsas to it.  Kiinda like that girl you see at the club, and y ou get home and...well, you get the picture. It was a good burro, but the shrimp were somehow flavorless and the bacon was non-existent. Not that I'm total food snob but when you tell me there's bacon in that mug, I wanna taste me some bacon. Overall my meal was good, I'm going to go back another day and try some other things on the menu, like the dogfish taco. Two thumbs up for the creativity on the food and the salsas, it's hard to stand out in teh Phoenix Taco/Burro scene.
4	The Mayan Cochinita Pibil tacos are AMAZING. These tacos have really impressed me. The horchata is also a great treat. They add strawberry, melon and nuts. I'm not vegetarian but i try not to eat so much meat and their veggie tacos are sooo good. Cheese, peppers, onions and mushrooms. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. I took away 1 star because sometimes the service is very slow, although i will say the last time i went they seemed to be working on it.
4	I've been to La Condesa three times this week for the mole chicken tacos. I think about them all the time. This place is cozy inside with a big salsa bar which I'm working my way through.  Be sure to try the cilantro cream! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because service can be a bit slow, even when there are only two tables of people. And also, I nearly lock myself in the bathroom every time because that darn latch is so hard to open.
5	Other than the fact that I should have brushed up on my Rosetta Stone Spanish Edition before trying to find La Condessa I can honestly say I haven't had better tacos in PHX. The place is a little hard to find if it's your first time so after multiple turn arounds and a stop at the Panaderia to ask for directions my colleague and I arrived at taco bliss. The meal starts off with an endless bowl of fresh tortilla chips and a salsa bar that would make Bobby Flay  jealous. They had some of the best homemade salsas with a large variety. From your classic Pico De Gallo to a Creamy Cilantro salsa. I ordered the two taco platter with a tinga taco and a carne asada Taco. These were both great. The carne asada was a little dry for my taste but with the assist of the homemade salsa's it was a perfect combo. The tinga taco was a perfect combination of slowly cooked shredded chicken and seasoning. My colleague got a carne asada burrito and a tinga taco and was satisfied by both. In short if I am looking for a great taco for a good price I am going back to La Condesa.
3	I had heard many good things about this place so I finally decided to eat there. The restaurant is small and cozy with lots of mexican art on the walls. On to the food... The salsa selection was very generous and I liked most of them. The beans were great and so was the rice. Now about the tacos, the mole was not that great, they went overboard on the chocolate imho, the carne asada was good. The chicken tinga taco changed my life, it was amazing! Overall it was a good experience. I will be going back soon.
4	I couldn't put off my ravenous feelings anymore after leaving work the other night and pulled over at La Condesa. I had been meaning to try it for quite some time. So what if I was a party of one. Satiation is more important than social appearances. The place is in a mildly sketchy area next to a little market that sells pinatas and a few groceries. To me, this actually lended the place some street cred. Anyway, I like how the restaurant's interior has none of the feeling of a Baja Fresh or Chipotle yet the prices are pretty reasonable. The dining room doesn't look like it can fit too many people so I'm wondering what it's like on weekends. The bathrooms were reasonably clean and I got a kick out of the whole lucha libre motif in the bano for the chicas. I had a pork mole burro with the mole made with chocolate and nuts. Muy sabrosos but the meat was a tad salty or too kicky, not sure if it was the tanginess or salt that had me asking for more water. But I think that is more a matter of personal taste buds, not the reflection on the cooking. I found the meat quite tender. And I felt like a wimp only being able to eat half the burro. Next time, I will probably do the two-taco deal. There was only one gal doing all the bills and service. She was quite nice. But what will make me come back again is their awesome salsa buffet. It makes the salsa trays at chain restaurants look like plainer, less adventurous salsitas. I had the strawberry salsa (sweet yet salty), jicama, cilantro (my favorite but found if you have too much too soon, you'll feel lit) and peanut. It got to the point where I had to tell myself "no more chips" so I simply sucked the salsa off a chip like it was a spoon. Yup, it reduced me to that. Anyway, I do need to go back and get some more ideas of the food. But for now, I'm a fan.
5	I, unfortunately, rarely make it out to this part of town. When I do, I tend to go an binges, scarfing down food from one or two of my favorite spots, and adding a new place that has been on my must-try list. This time, it was La Condesa. Everything about La Condesa took me by surprise, regardless of the high expectations I already had. I loved its interior--the small space, the rustic wood furniture, the artwork, everything. A big departure from the usual feel of cheap-mexican restaurants/taquerias, it felt homey, warm, inviting. I was expecting to just shoot a quick order to the girl at the counter, but instead got table service, and extremely friendly and attentive service to boot (sounds like it's usually an order-at-the-counter place, though). On to the food: don't expect the usual suspects at the salsa bar--these salsas and toppings were phenomenal. I didn't ask, but I suspect they were all made in-house, and seemed incredibly fresh and were really a unique assortment. A great mellow, nutty peanut sauce, smokey chipotle salsa, creamy/salty cilantro, an awesome Mexican (or was it Mayan?) salsa (my favorite of what I tried)...my only regret was not sampling more.What I loved about the menu were the unique options that branched far beyond the usual suspects. I went with three tacos: tinga, mole, cochinita pibil. When they arrived, all of them looked beautiful, and were surprisingly and thankfully chocked-full of meat. I took one bite of the mole and...HO...LY.....SHIT. Ever go to a restaurant and casually take a bite of something without giving it too much thought, only to be immediately punched in the face by its deliciousness? I love it when this happens. It's one of those pure joys in life, and happens far too infrequently...but it happened here. I'm a sucker for any type of mole, but sometimes they fall a bit 'flat'. This one did not. It had a fantastic bite and complexity to it that really elevated the mole to one of the best I've had. The tinga and cochinita were both equally great. The meat in all three was insanely tender and flavorful from the great sauces they had simmered in.I paid the bill--$9.80--and realized that it was an awesome deal. Sure, you can find tacos in town for less than $3/ea, but they will not be like these. Not to mention, the portions were generous, I got free chips and a run at the salsa bar. I drove home feeling like I was teetering on the edge of purging...this was, after all, my second substantial meal in the course of 1 hour. But it was well worth it. Adding yet another spot to my list of places I have to hit when in the area. Already searching for an excuse.
5	Huge and delicious Horchata!Strawberry salsa!Shrimp taco!Those are what I had at my first visit. First it a little bit hard to find the place because we did not know exactly where this place is located at. Once we stepped inside, the artwork on the wall blew us away. We started off with the chips and 10 different kinds of Salsa. This is the incredible ideas since none of us love the same kinds of Salsa. I loved Strawberry one. My husband loved 7 chilies. Others also love different kinds, such as green chili and jicama.Then our meals arrived shortly after. A basket full of tacos, rice and bean. They are all delicious and I have never had the shrimp tacos this good before.I am glad that La Condesa is not to far from where we live. It is our new spot to go get some delicious food.
5	Ok, I finally got a chance to come back with some coworkers. They changed their format. The first time I was there, it was go to the counter order and they give you a number. They have waiter service this time. I got the Sonora Arrachera Quesa (Oaxaca cheese & char-broiled Arrachera steak). It was so good and too much for me to finish. I looks at my fellow lunchers and their tacos looked so GOOD. The salsa bar is filled with all sorts of varieties. I tried the strawberry salsa, too sweet for my taste... but more to favors to try!
5	The salsa bar alone would make this place phenomenal! Our favs were the Salsa Strawberry and the Salsa Cilantro. My only advise for this place would be to just order one taco al a carte because we had so much chips due to the quality of the salsa we were stuffed. The horchata is home made and the best I've ever had! They top it with cinnamon, pecans, strawberries, & cantaloupe. It sounds weird, but it was very good. They also use extremely fresh, crisp cabbage on their tacos. It was very impressive! My boyfriend had the pork shoulder "quesa" which is actually a fried quesadilla and that was also very very very good. We will be back.My ONLY complaint is that I ordered two different tacos & got two of the same tacos... But it was still very delicious & we will go back to try anything else that sounded good.
5	What can I say? Fucking delicious, which in my vocab is the equivalent to a five star review. WOW! Amazing salsa bar with bland salsas for those scared of the real hot ones, along with some AMAZING tasting salsas that are hot but even so, you cannot stop eating them! The chips brought to the table as an appetizer aren't the best but that was about the only complaint I had. I ordered a Pepsi and it didn't taste like it had sugar at all so I returned it and the girl gladly exchanged it and didn't give me any beef about it, she was so chatty friendly and witty and she recommended the Cochinita Pibil Quesadilla, and I said oh hell why not? Lets have it as an appetizer while I waited for my friend to get there, well was I in for a big surprise! It was ORGASMIC, with some of the best cochinita pibil I have ever had in my entire life, so warm and with the perfect level of spicyness, I even added one of the hot salsas on top to the quesadilla, it was even more delicious after that, and the queso fresco it had on top was just to die for. I was actually way too full to even finish the quesadilla, and way too full to even order one of their delicious tacos which according to my friend, were also orgasmic. I cannot wait to go back and will definitely become a repeat customer.FYI, the girl told us that they are supposed to have a bar soon, but in the meantime, each guest is allowed to bring a beer into the establishment. WAY COOL. Super lugar, de lo mejor!
4	La Condesa is an amazing little spot that has more than food, but charm as well. I really enjoyed the way that the restaurant was decorated; it definitely creates its own vibe, and it's not painted with a lot of loud colors (there are a ton of pictures of the decor if you look at the pictures). It's very classy to say the least.The salsa bar is the first thing that I have to mention. It was overflowing with variety and flavor. Every time that I thought I'd found one that I liked, I tried another and pushed the previous aside. My girlfriend and I managed to polish of two baskets of chips without a problem or remorse because we had to try every salsa. The tamatillo and cilantro were two of my favorites in the mix. We also ordered the Mayan Conchinita Pibil tacos and the Aztec Tinga tacos. I'm usually hesitant about chicken on tacos because I usually always have bad experiences, but not here! The tinga taco was great. The meat was tender and well marinated - I could taste the sauce in every bite. The conchinita though is what really won me over. The pork was so good! Imagine the tenderness and juiciness or your favorite BBQ pork sandwich, but replace the flavor with a bevy of delicious Mexican spices and we'll pretty much be on the same level.I'm pretty baffled that I didn't see a lot of my Yelp friends raving about this place. As a result, I will send this review out to you all (go try it =) ). This is a great little place that isn't pricey yet brings great flavor. The next time I got there I will be getting a quesa, no question, and hopefully I will be going back very soon.
4	My profound love of Mexican cuisine and a bevy of shining Yelp reviews of this place led me here last Saturday night. My BF and I arrived just after 7pm, which was perfect because just after we ordered the place filled up- fast!The salsa bar is fantastic! Some of my fave's were the peanut, chipotle, strawberry and a chunky dark one who's name escapes me..... But really they were all good.The very best taco that we tried was the Cochinita Pibil (sp?) It was heavenly- packed with meat that had a kind of smokey, kind of mole/chocolaty taste- it was incredible. All the taco's we had were great though. To start with- the tortillas are so freaking good on their own, and they pack the meat inside of them. I'm getting hungry just thinking about them.Lastly, my BF is a lifelong connoisseur  of quesadillas, so we ordered a steak one to split. Holy crap- it was a monster! They split it up for us but it looked like we ordered two of them! Humongous! It resembled a strudel pastry! Big, flaky and lightly drizzled with something white, sour cream maybe? I dunno, but it was to die for!  Even the next day when we reheated our leftovers this cheesy doughy meaty concoction was still fantastic! The chicken tinga burrito was almost BETTER the following day! (Maybe because it didnt have to compete with any tacos)! All in all we were very satisfied and will definitely be back. I would like to wait for a bit cooler weather though, because the place is quite warm inside. That is why I only gave it four stars.
4	For shame.   For shame.Ok, this review is not to talk about the food at La Condesa .  I am a huge huge fan of the food and service, and everything else about this place except one thing.  While eating with a friend from Tucson, he recognized the art on the walls as being the art of famous San Francisco artist Sylvia Ji.   So we called the owner over to ask about the artist.  She told us all the art was by Mexican artists Manuel Gilavalos y Garcia and Ricardo Ramirez.   These are obvious reproductions of a young artist who is currently very hot and exhibiting all over the world.   How has La Condesa gotten away from this for so long?      The owners probably have no idea, but this is some shameful shit, and as great of a reproduction as it looks and makes the little restaurant feel,  Sylvia should be notified and should cease and desist on these "artists".      Google Sylvia Ji  and check the La Condesa website and compare the art, and you'll see what Im talking about.   One of the paintings in there is an EXACT replica of one of her paintings.
2	i drove from avondale expecting something worthy of such a long drive. salsa bar was very good. the chips were nothing above normal as was the food. the worst part of it all is while i was midway thru a taco a bug scattered across my plate. when i went to go pay i mentioned this to the waitress which only shrugged and took my bill. didnt apologize or even seem remotely interested in my complaint. i wasnt expecting a free meal by any means but a sign of concern was expected.
2	Been driving by this place for some time, and finally I decided to try it. I was skeptical at first because the parking isn't very inviting. The restaurant is somewhat small but yet quaint. I was very excited to try all the salsa's but was utterly disappointed when the chips they brought us were hard, stale, and just not suitable for eating. I think they were some of the worst chips I have ever had, I had one.. I requested another basket and they kindly bought another basket of chips but they were the same, Stale, hard and dull. I ordered the Aztec Tinga Taco, and they were very good. The salsa's were all great. The service was great, and the waitress apologized for the chips, and stated that they had ran out and had to buy some etc, etc.. Overall tacos were great for the money, just disappointed with the chips.
5	This place is amazing.  The cochinita pubil and chicken mole tacos were unforgettable and the salsa bar alone is worth the trip.  The salsa cilantro was a great choice.  I'll be telling all my friends about my new favorite taco stop
2	This place was said to be "busy", so I made sure to arrive before opening time at 11 AM, expecting a long line outside such as I would have found at Matt's or Five Guys.  Instead, there was no one else, & that was still the case at 11:05, when the door was still locked, the dining room dark, & the "Open" sign in the window off.Figuring they had gone out of business, I started my car to drive away, but just then the "Open" sign lighted (although the dining room remained unlighted during my visit).  I found a table with enough light to read the magazine I had brought along, but then loud music started playing, so I couldn't hear myself think anyway, & it played during my entire visit.There were a variety of tacos offered, & a combo including two tacos plus rice & beans was priced ok at $6.99.  "Vanessa" brought me a basket of chips & took my order for a Combo with a dogfish shark taco & a Carne Asada one.  There were an array of salsas available on an iced table, & I tried several of them with the chips while I waited for the main items.  The chips were blah, but the salsas were good, especially the green Cilantro one.The rest of the food was ok too, but it would have been more enjoyable if it hadn't been for the blaring music.  Forty minutes after I had arrived, I went up to the counter to pay, & one other customer finally entered the restaurant.  So much for it being a busy place.Wham!  Instead of $6.99, I am being charged $8.79!  What's this?  Vanessa points out to me that in tiny print at the bottom of the menu it says that if your two tacos aren't the same as each other, then it's $8.79.  That's too much for what it was.Back home, I looked at La Condesa's menu on their Website.  There, they do tell you up at the top that they will charge you extra for two different tacos, but the new higher price shown there is $7.59, not $8.79.Too many problems here, & I'll never return, but since the food itself was pretty good, I'll bring it up to 2-Stars.    :-(
5	Was there about three weeks ago and was told that they offer beer now!
5	Chicken mole tacos, crazy salsa bar, HORCHATA.I have been living in San Diego for three years, and had never once had homemade horchata loaded with fresh strawberries and cantaloupe, pecans, and cinnamon. But now I have, and I'm not sure that I can go back to the soft-drinky stuff of various fill-in-the-blank-bertos.They could start a lucrative business just selling that horchata, but the food is amazing as well. My friends and I slid through the door about half an hour before closing, and were immediately greeted with menus and chips. We ordered, then proceeded to raid the salsa bar. It wasn't at its full glory at the end of the night, but 'twas still extensive. Honestly, I'm kind of a ho when it comes to condiments, so trust me when I say we looted that baby. Hard. I can't pick a favorite, but I was particularly fond of the avocado-cilantro, as well as the chipotle salsa. Them tacos is the stuff of dreams. Layered corn tortillas, rich and steamy chicken mole, fresh onions y cilantro. For all of a few minutes, I was in heaven. And then I was in a food coma. Two tacos don't sound like much, but it is definitely a good amount of food. Especially if you've been sucking the life out of your horchata.Service was fast and friendly, the dining area was clean and pleasant, and I am officially crowning La Condesa my favorite taco shop of all time. Big words coming from a California girl, I know, but I wasn't even drunk when I went. (FYI, I got drunk after... and it all stayed down!) I will be back, La Condesa. Mark my words!!!361 miles can't stop my love for you.
5	I LOVE La Condesa.  What more do I need to say? The salsa bar is amazing! I really like their carne asada.  They do but beans in the burrito, which, at first I wasn't sure how I'd feel about it, but after a couple, I really like it.  I've had the pork and shrimp tacos also.  The quality is always top notch.  I did the artwork too!  Two negatives...The music can sometimes be loud, and sometimes they are REALLY packed and parking is a bit tough to find.  Other than that, I HIGHLY recommend!
5	La Condesa is amazing.  I'll keep this review short and sweet...Short wait is well worth it. Horchata is amazingThe Mahi Mahi Burro might change your life... if i wasnt already in a relationship with the Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus from Pita Jungle, i might actually try to make love with this burrito.  Everything about this place is great.  Eat here... if you don't, you are probably crazy... maybe you are the dude at Circle K that is always talking to himself by the dumpster...  That dude creeps me out a little bit.    So, i guess the moral here is:  Eat at La Condessa, so you don't end up talking to a dumpster.  That is all.
5	Wow - what a great find.  The food is amazing.  The salsa bar has an impressive selection of yummy and unique salsas.  The horchata is crazy good with fruit and pecans in it.  It all is bliss for the taste buds.I got the veggie quesa and it blew me away.  YUMMMM.I also love the art - I saw that a previous review said there was some controversy about whose art it really was.  All I know is it adds some beautiful imagery.I wish the music wasn't quite so loud - I liked it but it was just really loud.Overall, I am just so glad that this place exists!  Very exciting.
4	Been here twice now. Think I have sampled a bit of everything. Tried three different kind of tacos (chicken, beef, and fish), a burro (carne asada), and a quesadilla (ground beef). Everything was really good. The quesadilla is quite a bit different then other quesadillas I have had. Much thicker. More like a stuffed gordita. Was really good.Small place. No wait was I was there, but I can easily see there being one. Salsa bar is fantastic.
2	Am I allowed to rate La Condesa below four stars? I would've hoped not, but my experience didn't seem to rate as high as expected. My daughter and I met some friends here for a late lunch on a Saturday. The building isn't in the most amazing part of town, but I suppose it adds to the charm. The inside is small and very clean, and I was surprised to find that it's full service. According to older reviews, it was order at the window and grab a seat; a concept I would have preferred in this setting. The salsa bar is expansive and varied, but I didn't find myself to be head over heels for any one in particular. Props for the creativity, but like another reviewer mentioned, I would rather have three killer salsas to choose from than several mediocre ones. Chips were included though, which was nice. We each ordered an horchata ($4) and holy moses was it huge. Like, too huge. I couldn't finish half of it. It was pretty tasty and not overly sweet, but there was just too much of it. I would have appreciated the option for a smaller (and cheaper) amount.For lunch we ordered the kiddies a Traditional Quesa ($7) to split, which happened to be a massive cheese-stuffed, deep-fried corn meal quesadilla. There was plenty of cheese, but also a ton of corn meal (eh, too much corn meal). Also ordered was a taco combo plate ($8.79) with La Condesa Mahi Mahi and Carne Asada Tacos, a La Condesa Shrimp Taco, and Mole Burrito. The Mahi Mahi and Shrimp tacos were stuffed with an incredible amount of filler veggies and the Mahi Mahi was a bit dry. The Shrimp taco was flavorful and much better, I thought. The Carne Asada taco was dry and had little flavor. The beans were good, the rice just okay (I understand they're prepared "traditionally")...and were both served in TINY styrofoam containers on the side. For $8.79 a plate, it was totally not worth it. The Mole Burro was okay, but I think that's just because I'm not a huge fan of mole to begin with. Perhaps we ordered the wrong items, but I feel like it was pretty varied and nothing over-delivered. 2 horchatas, a combo plate, one taco, one quesa and one burro set us back...drum roll please... $40 (not including tip). Definitely not what I'd call "cheap street food". Sure, they throw "gourmet" into the mix, but I'm not quite sure I'd call it that. Will I be back to La Condesa? Most likely not.
5	tasty menu with lots of variety, twelve salsas at salsa bar, seafood options, table service, handmade tortillas, giant basket of chips included free, no lunch rush.  all this AND priced similarly to america's taco shop, which can't hold a vela to this place.
4	Now we're talking.  Fabulous tacos -- the Chicken Tinga is amazing, as is the Cochinita Pibil.  The salsa bar is amazing; lots of choices, some of them specialized for your taco/burrito.  Reasonably priced hole-in-the-wall.  Service is just o.k. and it gets hot in the summer (no/weak A.C.), but the food and the value are excellent.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for La Condesa yet.  I have never been disappointed here.  Ever.  Here is the deal:  -you start with a side of chips.  And then you get to feast on the humongous salsa bar.  My favorites are the pecan (creamy, thick, and with a kick at the end), cilantro (thinner but delicious), and the tamarindo (sweet and spicy).  Sadly, the tamarindo one seems to be quite elusive and is not always available.  You could spend hours trying all the different salsas.  I agree though with Iain, the peanut was the weak link.-next comes the real food.  I have only had the tacos, but I imagine everything to be of the same quality.  So these tacos come with double tortillas to hold all the ingredients.  These aren't skimpy by any means.  Two should be sufficient for most people.  The Cabo Shrimp is amazing.  Huge shrimp beer battered with a creamy sauce on top.  The chicken mole taco was also great with that special chocolately flavor to it.  Today, I tried to Mayan Cochinita taco and it was stuffed to the brim with tender as can be pork.  I have had the rice and beans before with a combo and I would say the beans are better than the rice.  Though in my opinion after four or so visits, it's best to come enjoy the chips and salsa and then indulge in two tacos.This place is really hard to find, but if you find Palm and McDowell, it's right there with a few parking spots along the street.If you like tacos, you need to come here.  It's just that simple.
5	What makes this place special is the salsa bar like none other.  Some are good on the complimentary chips; others are good with your order.  It's up to you to find out.  The oversized paintings reminiscent of Kahlo and Rivera adorn the walls.  Frida and Diego also appear in the pictures, and, yes, we're on a first name basis.  The restaurant was just about empty when we entered on a Friday night.  Hopefully, this was because it is new.  Pssst, you're missing out.  I had fish tacos and my Frida had some vegetarian dish.  Both of us were very happy.  They didn't have margaritas, just beer.  But I keep trying to order a margarita every time I go for good measure.
4	The food is 5 +++ Stars! Completely unique and so flavorful. I can't say enough about the Quesa's (except I really hope they are fat free...hehe) Their tacos are even great after a 15 min car ride back to my home. Everything I have tried has been very tasty! The Salsa's are 5++++ Stars! The cilantro cream, holy moly can I have a gallon to put on anything and everything...I really  think it will make everything taste amazing!Over all La Condesa is a great Gourmet Taco shop and the quality of the food definitely  puts the Gourmet in the name. I love using La Condesa as take home food for out of town guest, they are always impressed!What knocks my review down a star, difficulty parking and the lack of AC in the summer. I much prefer to get it to go!
5	I am always looking for an authentic mexican cuisine experience and this place is up there with the best. Some of the best salsas I've ever had, the 5/7 chile salsa is amazing if you like a little heat in your life.
4	yes another review of awesome accolades to a great taco shop. With all my repeat visits I thought I had written a review on this awesome taco shop. Apparently not. So, this is why I'm a fan of La Condesa... it's simply their beer battered dogfish shark tacos!!! they are soooooooooooooo good, it's like beachside fish tacos without the freaking beach, the taste, smells, and overall experience eating these totally delicious fish tacos can give you a mindf*** yes it's that good! and dipping them these beauties into my favorite salsa of all time.... confetti machine razzle dazzle... the salsa cilantro! it's soooooooo good so creamy, so perfect with their fish taco, and afterwards enjoying their horchata with fruit and cinnamon on top.... HEAVEN! love their quesas, the fish taco, La Condesa you have a fan!
3	Cool little taco shop in a questionable part of town.  we went early and the place was dead. The waitress was very nice and helpful even going in to the kitchen to get us samples of the meats they offer.  The salsa bar was huge with lots of interesting choices, nothing rocked my world but the cilantro cream was tasty.  we ordered a variety of items, my least favorite being the quesadilla, just tasted like fried greasy tortilla couldn't get past it to eat more than a bite or two.  the tacos were good I had the shark and hubby had the pork it was his favorite. we had a carne asada burrito as well and the meat was tasty.  It was good not great but I think we will be back to try it again.
4	Love La Condesa!  They have a fantastic salsa bar with delicious, interesting salsas and a range of fantastic tacos (something for everyone).  The environment is cozy, albeit a little small.  The only thing that would make it better is if it were BYOB (they recently started serving alcohol).  Phoenix needs more restaurants like this one!
4	This place reminds me of my Nana's (Grandma's) home cooking.  For instance, when you order a carne asada burrito... it doesn't look like your typical fast foot burrito... which is great.  You truly get a more authentic Mexican feeling here.  I'll be back soon.
4	I've been here twice now for lunch with a co-worker and I'm obsessed.  First thing you notice is their huge salsa bar in the corner -- looks like they always have about 8-10 different kinds to try.  My favorites: strawberry, pecan and cilantro.  The whole place is decorated with Dia de los Muertos art everywhere -- very colorful and authentic.  Next...the meals.  So far I've had the shrimp burro and some of my co-workers chicken mole quesa.  Both were absolutely delicious -- melty fresh cheese, the mole sauce was unbelievable, and the shrimp burro was a great mix of cheese, an assortment of vegetables and a yummy sauce.  If this place was closer to my house I'd be there way more!
4	Heaven,  the way Mexican food should be! Dogfish tacos are the bomb! Salsa and guacamole are great too.  If you want true tacos this place is a must.
5	Chicken tinga burros and grilled zucchini, oh my!So I've been here a few times and figured it was about time to give it a review.  It's easy to pass by this as it's squeezed in between a closed down car repair shop and a Mexican party shop, complete with pinatas hanging outside.  The only giveaway is the fact that however nice your ride is, there's at least two other vehicles here way classier parked beside you.  You open a large wooden door to a cacaphony of fantastic smells, dizzied by this olfactory blast and pupils adjusting to the darkened lighting, and stumble to find an open table to sit down at.  The furniture is all heavy wood an iron, a signifier of the quality of the place, but the placing is not the best, leading to endless bumping and apologies, the only thing that could be considered a bad point to this place.If you love salsa, this place hosts a bar with at least ten different types of salsa including ones made from ground pecans, which became addicting after the initial shock of eating salsa made from nuts.  It's hard to find for those coming with quite an appetite I recommend the Santos Plate.  It's a choice of one taco, one burrito and a generous helping of grilled zucchini.  I tend to slather anything I get in salsa to raise the spice level, the chicken tinga in a burrito does not require it at all, by the end of this huge burrito I was starting to feel sweat droplets forming but I couldn't pull away from how delicious it was.  The taco choice recommendation is the pork shoulder cooked in banana leaves, the flavor was amazing and the red vinegared topping added just the perfect amount of sweet and sour.  I'm not a big fan of chocolate but if you are, the mole taco will definitely hit those key notes with you as well.I've never personally ordered the horchata but one of my co-workers did.  It only comes in one size, LARGE.  Be very thirsty and take your insulin beforehand.  Thirty-two ounces awaits of what was originally horchata, now spiced with cinnamon and nutmeg, ground pecans and strawberry.  Definitely not your average rice drink.Overall you can't go wrong here, everything is made fresh, hot and delicious.  This place has become a monthly ritual spot, it should be for you as well.
2	Super slow service.  Make sure you don't get the ques and get the burros instead.  We waited for over 30 mins for the food and they messed up one order.  That's a long time for mexican food.
4	Reasons why I love this place:1. Horchata with all kinds of goodies inside, like pecans and cantaloups and strawberries, I mean these are "real" and not those freeze-dried stuff. My poblem with it is it only comes in one size--32 ounces, which is like two meals for me.2. The salsa bar...never knew there could be so many kinds of salsa! That alone is an adventure in taste-testing. My personal fave is the jicama one, which really is more of a relish but who's checking. 3. Chicken mole and pibil...they do it right. Their mole could be a bit spicier for my taste but that's what the salsas are there for. I had the chicken mole as a taco and the pibil as a burro (separate occasion, alright, don't think I'm a pig now).It's a great date place, I think. It's small, it's quaint, in a good neighborhood, and the satffers are very friendy. I love this place so much that I didn't even care about the tiny creature scurrying across the floor near the front door. That's  not their fault though. That was just an unfortunate situation. Not a reflection of them.So try it.
5	I have eaten here twice and it is consistently excellent. I have had a shark taco, mahi mahi taco and veggie taco. I had to bribe my meat-loving-high-cholesterol-fighting mother into "splitting" the mahi mahi and veggie taco's with me. She loved them, too! The horchata is like nothing I have ever experienced. Love the fresh fruit and nuts in it. The salsa bar is a tastebud orgy of sheer delight and a playground for foodies who love complexity of flavor. But best of all... for 2 tacos, a little side of rice and beans, chips, two BIG drinks, it was only $16! Plus, we listened to The Smiths and old Mexican folk music. This place rocks. Oh, and for those reviewers who were frightened by the neighborhood, get over it. I live 5 blocks in a historic neighborhood and it is as safe as a city can get. If you come for lunch, you just might take a walk a couple blocks up to get a poleta for desert. 16th st between McDowell and Thomas has successfully embraced its roots to create a truly positive cultural experience.
4	I recently returned to Phx from Portland "bad Mexican food" Oregon.  Thank god for La Condesa.  I am lucky to live near by and plan to enjoy their Oaxacan Black Mole tacos on a very regular basis.  Salsa bar is inspired.  My only complaint -- and perhaps I haven't studied the menu thoroughly -- I'd like some salad to cut the incredibly rich food.
5	I have never loved tacos. This place changed my mind... The quality and size of their tacos surpasses that of America's (Sorry America's Taco Shop lovers) and it adds a strong local cultural vice that other taco shops lack with its Dia de los Muertos themed paintings. The meat is well-marinated (especially the carne asada) and the dozen-plus salsas are each different by tasty and made to perfection. You can spend ten-to-fifteen minutes just sorting through the salsa bar. I am lucky enough to live nearby and I take advantage of the shark tacos on most days :) I am so glad that it's caught on! I know that I will keep coming back!!!
5	Love the interior design and salsa bar.
4	Mexican style food in Phoenix is both varied and plentiful, so any restaurant that can lure me in to being a regular is doing something right. La Condesa is a hip little taco shop on 16th street, close enough for me to walk to. The decor is a trendy/traditional mash up that works well. Honestly, the food is good enough that I'd probably buy it from a guy in an alley. I've sampled several different varieties of meat based products as well as the beans. Everything has been well prepared and fresh. The Mayan Cochinita Pibil in particular is drool-worthy. It's mildly sweet and super tender. Adding a little of the chipotle salsa really sets it off. Ah, the salsa. There are some truly interesting varieties, from tamarind to pecan. The pecan salsa was a great surprise, with a nice amount of heat. It really sits well with the carne asada. My only negative comment involves the parking situation. The parking lot is situated in such a way that in order to leave you have to back out onto 16th street. If a big ass SUV with tinted windows happens to park next to you (which always seems to happen) then pulling out can be...invigorating. La Condesa now has a well earned spot of honor in my restaurant rotation.
4	Visited this place for the first time, and was very happy with my food.  I loved my chicken mole taco, and my mahi mahi taco.  Portions were huge and I ended up making two tacos out of each that I bought.Mexican food is everywhere here in Phoenix, but this one hit the spot with great flavors, and an awesome fresh salsa bar.
5	What else is there to say about La Condesa that hasn't been said in the hundred other 5 star reviews of this place?  Not much, so I'll just add the following for extra emphasis...1. The tacos.  Oh the tacos...  even living out in California, the Baja Sur Dogfish Shark tacos are made of dreams and sunshine and sugar plum fairies.  If sugar plum fairies came in the shape of delicious, beer batter fried dogfish shark pieces.  With just a little cream sauce and lettuce so you don't miss out on any of the shark.  And the Cochinita Pibil tacos... there's fall off the bone tender, then there's meat that's pretty much as  close to melting as meat can get.  But these are just my favorites... I've tried all the tacos on the menu, and they're all delicious.2. The salsa bar.  If I can give this place any criticism, it's that they run out of salsas far too often.  Late in the day.  Just before they close.  Look... sometimes I'm in a peanut salsa mood, sometimes I'm in a chipotle salsa mood, sometimes I'm in a strawberry salsa mood.  I can't help it.3. The horchata.  Just order it.  It's big.  Bring guests.  Share it.I come here far too often for someone that lives 1000 miles away.  Love it.
4	Went again tonight with my sisters and we shared a few tacos... great service, the waitress was super friendly, and although she was the only one there was attentive.  We ordered a burro to go, and she packed it nicely with a bag of chips.  We finished out this meal with some flan, and having had what I thought was great flan in Mexico, I was pretty impressed!
5	Slow roasted pork burros!!!
3	I have enjoyed La Condesa numerous times. I am stuck on the La Condesa Shrimp tacos. Awesomely fresh and I love the spinach instead of lettuce. Beer is cold, service is slow, but very good. Before my trip last week I would have ranked at least 4 stars, but the shrimp were NOT deveined. Not only mine, but my friend who went with me. I had 2 shrimp tacos & she had one with a carne asada. She loved the carne asada. I don't know that I can eat the shrimp again...what a bummer.
5	This place looks pretty rough from the outside, and is easy to miss. On the inside; however, it's quite comfortable and nice. I'm a fan of Horchata in general, but I have to say La Condesa has the best I've ever had. Also, they managed to change my opinion about Mole with their Mole Chicken taco. The salsa bar has no equal! Cilantro Salsa, Jicama Salsa, Peanut Salsa, the list goes on an on. You can experience what seems like enless and amazing combinations of flavors.I'm definitely going back!
5	Dude.I love this place. It's walking distance from my house, that is baaaad news for my thighs. I've driven past it multiple times and it never caught my eye. Finally, I did notice their large statue thingy outside of the establishment. It was all lit up as I drove by during the evening. When I realized it was a gourmet taco shop, I knew I had to go asap. I went with my boyfriend and we both went to TOWN on their chips and assorted salsas. My favorite was the pecan salsa. Sweet and spicy! For our meals, he ordered 3 tacos and I ordered 2. The pork tacos were slightly bland and made me worry at first that I was going to be let down, but then came the chicken mole taco - oh my! Delicious! Sweet and savory, it was perfect. I know that sauce is difficult to make too, so, well done. Most of the tacos actually don't come with cheese - you know why? Because the tacos are so bomb you don't even need the cheese really. Their flavors are very carefully picked to taste a certain way. Save the cheese and salsa for the chips! You'll enjoy the tacos just as they are.YUM!
5	Excellent tacos & Unbelievable salsa.  Chips were marginal and she apologized and agreed.   Atmosphere is quaint, art is fabulous.  Outstanding combination of flavors that will keep me coming back.
5	I've had all their Tacos and they are all excellent.  My favorite are Cabo Shrimp & Oaxaca Black Mole Tacos.  The best way to enjoy the tacos in this place is to put them into rotation like in baseball and do the same with the multitudes of creative salsa.  The worse thing about La Condesa is their tacos made you wonder what the hell did you eat at Taco Bell.
5	Chicken mole taco on corn tortilla? YUM!! Top it off with one of their many homemade salsa options for a truly unique food experience! My favorites include the jicama salsa and the cilantro salsa!
5	Small joint, delicious food. You must try the Mole Quesadilla, I've never had anything like it, and it was the best thing I have ever eaten, maybe in my life! We thought about ordering a couple to take home, but we didn't (but we should have!!). We also tried 4 of their tacos, you can't go wrong with any choice. On the way out, we ordered the horchata and it was great. Lots of cinnamon, just sweet enough, good for a dessert. There are some fruit bits in there, and I am usually not a fan of stuff flying up the straw like that, but it was fine. There is also a large salsa bar, many varieties to choose from. I'm looking forward to going back to this place.
5	Wow...this place is so good it is ridiculous!  The Azteca Chicken Tinga quesa was amazing and the carne asada burro was to die for!  The food is so flavorful.  The salsa bar is fantastic...so many choices and they all have such good flavor.
5	After almost 2 months of visiting this place, I am still fantasizing about their food!I trusted my fellow Yelpers when I was taking a road trip with family to Tucson from California and had to stop for dinner on the way.  The Yelpers' raving reviews did not let us down.  When we got there it actually looked closed from the outside especially since the OPEN sign wasn't lit, but we took a chance and opened the door anyway to find that it was indeed open.  It's a tiny little place with a Dia de los Muertos theme, so it was rich with color and culture.  There was only one server so it was a little slower than we'd like, but in her defense, she was pregnant. We each had to order the horchata with pecans and melon because it sounded so good.  The cup it came in was HUMUNGOUS and thank goodness for that because it was awesomely delicious!  We also pigged out on the chips and variety of salsas at the salsa bar.  The salsas are seriously amazing and there were a lot to choose from and taste.  I especially loved the jicama salsa.  I ordered 2 carne asada tacos with rice and beans.  I was already so full from eating all those chips and horchata and usually it's hard for me to enjoy the taste of something after I'm super full, but the tacos were so good I finished them.  I only tasted a little bit of the rice, which was okay... probably my least favorite thing I ate there, but the beans were very good!  I was soooo full afterwards and I left with a smile on my face and a new favorite restaurant that I'll have to stop at whenever I'm in Phoenix, which isn't very often, sadly.
5	Amazing salsa bar selection, fresh ingredients, very flavorful, mouthwatering tacos. A great dining experience for me and the work gang. Totally worth the drive from downtown Tempe. Can't wait to return. Mmmmmmmm!
5	Best authentic Mexican food in Phoenix that I have ever had! They have an amazing salsa bar with flavors I never could have thought to be salsas. I have the mahi burro and it was awesome. Everything made from scratch down to the tortillas. It's in a kind of "rough" location, but don't let that stop you from this place!
5	Hands down yum and fave taco place in town!!!!! Haven't tried the burros as I'm in love with the tacos... Love love the salsa bar as well! Cute inside, nothing fancy and a great place to take friends. If you like barrio, you will love la condesa (so will your wallet).
5	After two consecutive, relishing visits, I have declared La Condesa as my numero uno taco joint in the valley of the "Bertos". The obscure and hoody street it resides on has always kept me hesistating until one day! Before I immersed myself into the unknown, I had to do some Yelp investigation.  I wanted to know which taco(s) in particular people were raving about.  Coincidintally, the ones people tipped about were the ones I also adored! I kept seeing Yelpers talk about them dogfish shark tacos, so I knew I had to order those first along with the can't-go-wrong carne asada! First thing that happens upon entering the cool, wooden door, you place your order at the counter and find an open seat once a number is assigned to you. Being that they specialize in tacos, I focused on just that (for now)! They do have burritos and other things but its all about the tacos!  Here are your options:1 Taco: $2.99, will not fill you up, but it is still a decent size.2 Taco Plate: $6.99, you get 2 tacos of the same core ingredient (ie. Carne Asada, Fish) plus 2 sides (refried beans and rice)2 Mix Taco Plate: $8.29, you get to choose any 2 tacos from the menu, plus the sides I mentioned.Beverage is additional.What I have tried thus far:1. Dogfish Shark Taco:  Killer! What makes these so awesome is in the beer batter!  They are super crispy, hot and the fish itself is still soft and moist!  2. Shrimp: Again, Killer! Comes out very similar to the shark tacos, except it is shrimp!3. Carne Asasada: Holy cannoli folks! Some might argue that America's Taco Shop are better but I would say the quality and taste is near even!  Condesa might edge them with its overall composition and various salsas!  It had that mesquitte, charred off the grill kind of taste and cut perfectly to fit into a taco!4. Cochinita Pibil (Pork): The first three tacos I mentioned were pretty darn good! But this one stood out quite well on its own.  It was savory and packed with excellent flavors!  As the menu stated, it was slow-cooked, fork tender!The 2 sides-Refried Beans: Excellent! Rice: Excellent! perfectly cooked!The cool part about dining here is enjoying their Salsa Bar! If I recall correctly , there were about 10 different salsas to choose from!  The tricky part is pairing it with the taco you just ordered! Experiment, I say! As part of every order they bring you a basket of warm, house chips!From the outside, you would never assume that such a great taco place existed, but once you step inside you know something good is about to happen!  Every wall has some sort of hip and contemporary Mexican art, from flowers to people.  The overall decor is very tasteful and upbeat!Staff members are very friendly and courteous!I took my office colleagues out during my second visit and they have nothing but positive responses and is begging to come back for more!Whether you are a connoiseur of Mexican cuisine, tacos or just love eating good food, I highly advise you stop by!  For the overall great taste and value, its hard to beat this cool taco spot that will please all your senses!
5	What a great hole in the wall.  Cool vibe, very clean and an AMAZING burrito!  Had the Mahi Mahi, it was awesome, and the descriptions of the ingredients in the other items will grab your attention.  For what it is, plus some, it does not get any better!
4	This place has the best horchata!!!!! You have to try it, but it only comes in one very large size so it is best to share. They also have a great salsa bar and good vegitarian tacos.
5	This place is ridiculous. No complaints here. THE most interesting salsa bar I have ever seen with tradition styles such as chipotle and tomatillo alongside crazy inventions like sesame and peanut. All delicious. So far I've had the shark fish tacos, shrimp tacos, and carne asada burro. My fav is the shrimp tacos but all were amazing. Also, get a side of the calavasas - yum.
4	Yum, tacos... Ok the thing that stood out the most was how fresh everything was. The salsa bar..a definite plus... I love a good salsa... My favorite the Strawberry Salsa.  Wholy cow was that good! The quesadilla was bigger than I've ever seen I couldn't finish it!!  Loved, loved loved the artwork, The only negative I could find was that the furniture for some reason felt a little awkward like I was in everyone's way while they were trying to get in line to order, but that really has nothing to do with the food.  I'm givin' this place a thumbs up... authentic and delicioso!
5	This place has to get all five stars. Ok, the area is a little suspect I will admit; that can be countered with the excellent food and excellent prices. This is the kind of food that goes for $12 - $15/plate if it were located in an upscale area.  They have done a great job with the interior and the food is really wonderful.5 Top reasons I love La Condesa: ~ Beautiful food. Unique flavors.  ~ Great salsa bar: aver a dozen lovely hand made salsas; I liked them all ~ Price: you can spend under $7 and have a really good meal ~ Convelient: It is only a 2 minute drive from 24th & Camelback. ~ Atmosphere: the interior and the service create a great place to dine.***We eat out several times a week, and this place is now at the top of the list for my wife and I both.***
4	My parents came into town last month, and they always want me to take them out to eat.  I, however, don't go out to eat, so it makes it really hard.  La Condesa isn't far from our house, and I've been wanting to try it, so we went there.  The food was amazing!  Even my mom - who is the pickiest eater I know - liked it!  The different salsas at the bar are great, and the food is delicious.
3	La Condesa is in a rather unassuming location in Phoenix.  But has a nice atmosphere when you get inside.  The first thing I noticed was their huge salsa bar.  We sat down and were brought menus and chips.  I tried most of their salsas.  They all had their own very unique flavor.  the peanut salsa was really interesting.  My favorite was their tomatillo salsa.  I ordered the Oaxaca Mole taco and a carne asada taco.  The mole was excellent with great flavor.  The carne asada was bland and flavorless...huh?  I dumped salsa on the carne asada taco and when finished was rather disappointed in that particular offering.Also ordered their calabacitas.  They were seasoned well and tasted great.  I had a bite of my partner's pork taco and it was amazing.  I am glad we found La Condesa and I will definitely visit again to try some more of their menu offerings.
5	This little Phoenix gem delivers everything you want from fine Mexican dining without all the touristy bullshit. The exterior has classic Dia De Las Muertas tile work and the interior is rustic, intimate and clean. The menus and prices are simple and excellent and the food is phenomenal.The salsa bar is one of the best I have ever experienced. At least 12 different salsas. All different and all excellent, and I believe, made on the premises. We had, Pecan, Peanut Butter, 7 Chili, Mexicano, Pico de Gallo, and Cilantro salsa. If variety is the spice of life, what is a variety of spices?The absolute, takes the cake reason for 5 stars is the Horchata! I am a fan of Horchata. I have never had Horchata like this! 32 ounces with what must have been muddled strawberries and apples and fresh ground cinnamon. So good, so good.
4	As much as I love their veggie quesa and amazing salsa bar, I am taking them down a star because I found out they use lard in their rice and beans.  As a vegetarian, this really limits the menu items I can eat.  Veggie quesa is pretty much the only thing I can get.  It is fantastic so it is worth going just for that.  Actually, I'd probably even go just for the salsa bar.  But I wish I could explore other options too.
4	Loved this place! I asked the cashier to order me her favorite thing and it was absolutely delicious!
5	Wow! I was pleasantly surprised when I stepped into this joint. The decor was fun, the restaurant was super clean and the food was so great! I am so excited that this is within walking distance of my home. YOU MUST TRY THE HORCHATA! It tastes like my mom's except better. Wait? Is that even possible? Yes! I swear to little baby Jesus that this is the best horchata in the universe. The Cochinita Pibil taco was great, the mole chicken taco was great and the salsa bar was killer. I tried 5 or 6 and they were fresh and uniquely flavored. The best part? Three people ate for 20 bucks! I could have eaten cheaper if I had not gotten the plate. I took half of the food home, if that is any sign of the healthy (but not overly large) portions here. One taco would have done it for me. I will be a regular at this place!  You should try it too! :)
5	Well, as this place is 4.5 stars after 144 reviews, it's not like I am going to share anything that will ruin the secrecy of this place and just how great it is!I had plans to bring one friend here who is Dia De Los Muertos obsessed.  She blew me off, but I was so looking forward to it, I talked two other friends into joining me to check out a new spot.The gal is a jamiaca fiend, and was thrilled with the drink.  Having read reviews on the size of the horchata, I convinced the guy to share one with me, we could always get another if we needed it.  (We didn't)  WOW - no other horchata will ever measure up!Yes, the salsa bar ROCKED!  We sampled 6 or 7 of them.  I could live off the jicama, cilantro, jalepeno and lime tastiness!  And the hot red one that looked greasy had the most amazing heat/flavor ratio I could imagine ever encountering.  Truly, the acme salsa!Being indecisive, I went a la carte with the tacos.  One each of the cochinita pibil, one chicken mole and one carne asada.I was busy having a foodgasm with the cochinita when the gal freaked on her carne asada, making the guy have some - and they both agreed it is better than America's Taco Shop!  (Mine had to sit and wait while I was having quality alone time with the last bites of the pork.)I will say I wasn't thrilled with the mole.  This is NOT a knock on how La Condesa does it - and if you're a mole fan, it may be amazing.  I'd never actually had mole - turns out I am just not a fan of the overall flavor.  But I love almost all Mexican food, and I love chocolate!  How is this possible!  Two rights making a wrong?  Weird!That said...I will be back.  Over and over!  This is definitely on the short list of places to have a quick, great meal in my hood!
5	As many have mentioned, this place is freakin fantastic.  I vote for La Condesa Shrimp tacos as my fav.  Best horchata I've ever had and eating the fruits and nuts when your done is a tasty dessert.  The Rabano (radish) Pibil salsa was so amazing I almost killed their supply of little cups going back for more.  That's one I'll be trying to recreate at home forever but will never get quite right.  Slightly sour, slightly hot, it's like a Mexican kimchee . . literally, I just drooled on myself thinking about it.  Viva La Condesa!
1	I tried both the machaca and shredded chicken tacos - barely edible!  The shredded cabbage looked to be a week old on the overcooked beef, which did not really qualify as machaca.  The shredded chicken was swimming in a tasteless red sauce. The combo platter promises rice & beans - more like thimble-fuls of white rice and bean soup.I will say that their chips and salsa bar was great, but the rest was awful!
5	salsa bar alone is worth visiting, types you wont ever see anywhere. the pork shoulder and quesadilla's are so good! enjoy
5	What a great place!  Good food that is very reasonably priced, and more types of salsa than I've ever seen before.  Our group had a lot of fun going up to the salsa bar, and bringing back samples of the huge selection for everyone to try.  I'd go back there in a heartbeat!
5	Amazing food & the absolute best horchata that I've ever had! The atmosphere is great including the paintings inside and new calavera they put outside. The food is always fresh and there's a variety of different salsas to choose from at the salsa bar. Great little place to have around the neighborhood, great addition. :)
4	Tried the tacos and their unique quesadillas. Two thumbs up - though my waistline might not appreciate too many of those fried quesadillas, lol. They'll have to be a treat - not a regular thing for me.Their salsa bar is a lot of fun. Be prepared to spend some time sampling all of them.Gotta love the dia de los muertos decorating. Unique!
5	My boyfriend and I went here for the first time today. The food is great, and so is the service. However, if you don't like fried food, don't get the quesadillas. My boyfriend had the horchata, and he says it is the best that he has ever had. The horchata is sweet, but not sickly sweet, and it has strawberries and pecans in it.The salsa bar is awesome. You receive complimentary chips, and you can choose as many salsas as you want.The menu has a wide variety; there is something for everyone! Even vegetarians. The dogfish taco lives up to its reputation on Yelp.
5	My husband and I stumbled on this place about a year ago after reading about it in the now defunct Calendar Section of the Arizona Republic.  We have been in love ever since.  I want to try a burro or something else so bad but I cannot tear myself away from the Tacos like a few other Yelpers have experienced, addiction, in a good way.  My husband ordered a quesadilla one time and it was delicious but I need my tacos, the shrimp ones are my faves with the chicken mole coming in second.  Vanessa (I assume this is her name from other reviews) has one of the prettiest smiles I have ever seen!  There must be a hidden Wizard at this Oz- like place, I have not ever seen anyone else except "Vanessa".  Whom ever is behind the curtain is a culinary genius in my book.
5	so my mom is in town and wanted some good mexican food.  i ran through the list of places that i know in my head and have frequented.  i stumbled across La Condesa and suggested it.  but i wasn't sure, i mean, i wanted to take my mom somewhere nice and i wasn't sure about La Condesa's atmosphere or food.after much deliberation we decided on going.  and boy oh boy, we were not disappointed in the least!to begin with, i'm a big fan of dia de los muertos imagery.  so to walk up and see a big mosaic sculpture above the door, i was already biased that this place may be my new favorite mexican food spot.  inside was decorated much the same with beautiful paintings of dia de los muertos portraits.  stunningly beautiful (i wish i had asked if they were for sale, but they had just finished up a remodel, so i was assuming they were not available).their salsa bar is amazing!!!  my personal favorite was the jicama salsa.  but i could seriously sit and just eat chips and salsa.  i had a big sur dogfish shark taco and a carne asada burro.  the calabasitas (mini-squash, kinda like zucchini) were amazing!the service was great too!  she was very friendly and was willing to chat up with us...always nice when i'm trying a new place.this will definitely be my new joint for tacos and burros, hands down!
4	This place is a local gem, and we were introduced to it by a local.  I hesitate to review it, for fear that the out-of-towners will find it.  You'd have to know where it is though, because the tourists are not going to accidentally stumble upon it.  It's in the middle of the hood in Phoenix.  The only thing setting it apart from the other old-school business fronts with barred windows is the giant mosaic Day of the Dead Catrina above the door.Known as a "gourmet taco place" to locals, the menu also features burros and quesadillas.  Where else can you get a shark soft taco or a Mahi Mahi burro?  I have no idea, but you can get them here.  My husband loved his Mahi Mahi burro.I had a more traditional Carne Asada soft taco.  All their flour tortillas are hand made, and fresh.  And did I mention the salsa bar?  About 20 different kinds of salsa for you to try, with the chips that keep coming to the table.  My favorite was the creamy cilantro one.  There are also peanut and pecan based salsas, so those with nut allergies, take note.  You may not expect nuts in your food, so pay attention.Seating is limited, (maybe 10 tables) and the restaurant was full when we were there, for lunch, in the middle of the week.  If you have a group larger than 4, it would probably be wise to call ahead.  Parking is also limited, just the few spaces on the street in front.The only slightly disconcerting element was the giant mural of Frida Khalo.  It's a little odd to be stared at by a giant portrait of a mustached woman while eating such wonderful food.We liked it so much that my husband took my dad there.  My dad is a notoriously finicky eater (which means I probably came by it naturally), and he is still talking about it a week later.  Yum!
5	I really do think that I could live off their chicken mole tacos and the salsa bar! The service was wonderful, the food was above and beyond, and I am addicted to their cilantro salsa. The chicken mole tacos were overflowing with meat and topped with just a bit of pickled onions, perfection. Their quesadillas .....as delicious as they are, are not figure friendly. They are homemade corn tortillas stuffed with various meats, cheeses and veggies and then deep fried. I had the Oaxaca cheese & char-broiled Arrachera steak, which was ooozing out on delivery. Waaay more than I bargained for, good thing I was sharing. These are very indulgent and intensely tasty.Once I got a little into trying all their salsas, I decided to mix the cilantro salsa and the chipotle salsa...WOW!!  This was my husband's idea, have to give him credit. If you haven't been here already...go...if you have been here...go back, I know I will.
5	The tacos here are to die for.. The dogfish shark tacos rock.. The salsa bar is absolutely insane, lots of real spicy options.. Kitchy, inexpensive, I feel a must for locals to take your tourists as that "hole in the wall" place with some real spunk and guster..Pack some heat.. Its the Ghetto:)
1	YUCK! Craving Mexican food so my friend and I decided to stop at this place for some burritos. We were impressed with the large selection at the salsa bar. When we got our stale store-bought, rubbery chips the salsa wasn't so appealing after all. We both ordered chicken burritos and were shocked when we got a basket with a tortilla filled with soggy chicken bits and bean soup. It wasn't possible to use a fork and knife in a basket so we tried to pick them up and the burritos spilled all over our hands. It was a mess! I asked the waitress to look at the menu again because we were not satisfied with the burritos. I hate to waste food but we could not force ourselves to eat them. She said we had to pay for the burritos and then she would give us "one" taco. She made us feel very uncomfortable as she waved her "one" finger in our faces so I told her we would pay for the food and then look at the menu again. She immediately brought me the check and waited over my shoulder for me to pay for it before she handed us the menus. Her angry attitude scared us, so we no longer wanted to look at the menu. We just wanted to leave and try out another restaurant. I would not recommend dining at this place. The quality of food was horrible and the service was even worse. Waitress with vile attitude and crappy food equals a no win situation. You're better off dining at Taco Bell.
4	I love the artwork.  Its a tiny little restaurant crammed with a bunch of little tables and chairs.  You go up to order at the counter, there's a salsa bar in the corner with a LOT of different salsas (most are not that great).  They do bring you the food and you do get a basket of chips on the house.  The tacos are pretty heft - about 3 bucks each.  They are "Gourmet tacos" after all..  All in all, its kind of uncomfortable service/restaurant wise (self serve) but the tacos are very good and you do get chips and a variety of salsas.  Not the most friendly staff and the cost is kind of high for a place like this but its pretty dang good.  Get it to go if you don't mind packing a bunch of salsa cups.
5	I read the reviews before going in and was still couldn't figure out really what to do--seat yourself (because you're not greeted in any way), order at the counter (yet we didn't see menus by the register).... So we stood around awkwardly trying to decide to sit at one of the dirty 2 tops or take a bigger one. There were only two occupied tables when we arrived on a Saturday night. Finally someone came out and waved us to a table, and, in the end, we ordered seated (no "order here" sign either).When people say it's tiny, they really mean, "this is almost NYC style sit on top of each other or at least have a hard time winding your way between tables".But let's get down to the food... I had the fish taco and the carne taco. Both were ok. If you're looking for fancy toppings, move along. You get some shredded cabbage from a bag on top of your tacos. That's it. So you have to take advantage of the salsa bar, which is fine. I got the combo, so the rice and beans were included. And they were awesome. The rice was light and fluffy and the beans were amazing.Hubby had the cochinita pibil burro. We joked that it wouldn't taste nearly as good as the stuff cooked underground in banana leaves but we were so wrong. If food could give you an orgasm, this would do it. Just beans (those super smooth beans again!) and meat in here, and the meat is to die for. Super juicy and flavorful.And everyone drinking out of giant cups? Yah, it's the horchata. And yah, at $3.99 it's pricey, but it's also the best I've had anywhere. Save it for dessert, because it is that good.So the service was "eh" (they were scraping chairs along the floor and bumping into me constantly as they rearranged for a large party coming in) and the music was loud but kept cutting out. So why five stars? It was the pork, man, and the horchata. I would stop by for just those two things, and then die happy.
5	Thank you yelpers! I was searching for mexican late at night and was really craving something authentic. I struck gold with La Condesa.  It is a true diamond in the rough part of phoenix.I ordered the carne asada burrito which is simply meat and beans. Anywhere else that would be boring and plain, but it was seasoned perfectly and full of flavor. A perfect vessel for the salsa bar from heaven. Every bite was different depending on what spicy concoction I chose.I also couldn't resist trying the maya conchita pibil taco, which was packed full of juicy shredded pork. So juicy in fact that I had to eat it quick because the corn tortillas were getting a bit soggy. Did I mind? Oh no. I just sopped up any juice left and sighed with pure contentment. They topped the taco with nothing else but pickled red onions that were delicious. Simple done right.  Can't wait to go back and get that horchata!
4	Really enjoyed the food and the salsa bar. Everything I have tried here so far has been great. The mole is very tastey and I have to say you must try the quesadillas they are awsome (but mind you they are not for those watching the waistline).
5	mmmmmm.......the quesadillas are A M A Z I N G!!!!! who doesnt want it deep fried?! lol, also their salsa bar is delicious....try the pecan salsa!
4	Jim W was in town and that was all the reason needed to party, well at least have dinner.  Heather C and Ryan C also were able to show up.  This was my first visit here.  I arrived last and there were chips, guacamole (thanks Ryan) and several salsas already on the table.  About half way through the second basket of chips we placed our orders.  Most of the table got tacos and I got the Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken Quesa.  I also ordered the Horchata which was very tasty with the addition of nuts and fruit but when done left a pile of stuff in the bottom.  The Quesa was delicious, quite filling and actually made two meals for me.  Just a note: mole does not do any better in a microwave on high than gravy, but it still tasted fine.  Service was fine and she split the checks after she had already given us a single one.  We were dining fairly early but as the evening wore on it got pretty busy on a Thursday even with a major Haboob going on.  Definitely a place worth checking out!
5	Great shark taco, mole quesadilla, salsa bar with peanut and pecan salsas, decor, and best goddamn horchata I've ever had. Thanks for the find, yelp!
4	Thank you Yelp. I just received an email with Yelpers' reviews of Burritos. Usually the recommendations are far and away or not fitting my food mood. However, La Condesa was right in my wheelhouse. The location is ok, but the interior is spotless and fun. Lots of Day of the Dead and Luce Libre to enjoy while you choose salsa from the 12 or so available. Did I mention that there are a lot of salsas? For a condiment king like me, this is heaven. Peanut and Pecan Salsa, WHAT!?! Both were tasty and new flavors. Mayan Cochinita Burro jumped off the menu. I had beverage ordering anxiety and caved to the Horchata. Best Horchata I've had. There are nuts, strawberries and other tasty floaters in it. The burro came, and it was lava-esque. I couldn't touch it for 20 mins. Luckily I had salsafest 2011 to keep me busy. The burro finally returned from the sun and it tasted delicious. Melt in your mouth stewed pork and refried beans in a possibly homemade tortilla. I'll be back. $12 Food, drink and Salsafest.
4	It is a little confusing when you walk in, but you do seat yourself and a server comes over with menus and chips. Help yourself to the wide variety (about 20) of salsas @ the salsa bar and your server will come take your order. I got the cochinita pibil tacos and my husbannd got the carne asada tacos...we got the combo plates with rice and beans, 2 tacos for $6.99. I don't know where that person has been eating who said this was expensive...the plates (baskets) come looking a little plain, but you have all those salsas to add to your tacos which makes it fun and filling! Rice and beans quantity was a little small for my husband, but just right for me.The carne asada tacos were good, but the cochinta pibil were amazing! I love the artwork and the tables and chairs...it's a great place! Plastic cutlery is a turn off, but who cares when the food is so good. I like La Condesa more than America's! *ducking behind the sofa*
5	Great mexican food.  Favorite part was the salsa bar
4	So I get why this place gets 4.5 stars, the tacos are fabulous!!!!! Yep, 5 exclamation marks good. The tacos are gourmet. I tried the mahi mahi (grilled, I'm not sure if there is a fried version) and the veggie taco. Hmm, they are both equally good; I can't pick one over the other. I can say that the Pecan salsa helped out the fish taco with a nice spiciness and gave it that pizzazz it needed to set it apart. This is my first visit to La Condesa so, I'm not sure how the place works, but from what I gather you just walk-in and grab a seat then a server will eventually get to you. It was a Sunday evening when we stopped by and there was only 1 SERVER!!! Poor thing was running all over the place. I don't blame her for not getting to us with the first few minutes we sat down. After a little bit she regained her composure and was friendly and accommodating. She really shouldn't of been the only person serving the place was hopping as one group left another entered. There was no one standing around waiting for a place to sit, and honestly I don't know where they would wait. The paintings on the walls are amazing. Great art work to look at. However, I was seated at the bar and faced empty bar shelves and the light above me was out, so it was very dim. So as far as ambiance, it just wasn't quite working for me. Back to the food.. The refried beans could use some improvement. Okay, so I am Hispanic and have been eating beans since birth and I have never had beans so watered down. It was more of a cold bean soup. Maybe that's what La Condesa was going for, but that didn't work for me either. The rice was good and warm.  I enjoyed the salsa bar. So many salsas, Cilantro (like), Pico (like), Pecan (like), Peanut, Mexican (like), the list goes on!!I would visit this place again with the hopes that I get a table next time!
5	I first tried this place last Sunday and I went back yesterday for more. Given that I'm not much of a "regular" (I crave variety to an unhealthy degree), this says a lot. Both times I've gone, I ordered the La Condesa shrimp tacos, which were positively fantastic. The shrimp is great quality and perfectly grilled to bring out its natural sweet flavor. I also love the robust veggie filling, including sauteed spinach, onions and peppers - the spinach is especially flavorful and a unique addition for sure. My only gripe with the tacos (and this is just a personal thing) is that each comes with two corn tortillas, which appears to be necessary to hold the hearty fillings but is a little carb-heavy for my tastes. But who I am I kidding? By the time my tacos arrived, I'd already devoured an entire basket of delicious, not-too-greasy chips with a ton of great salsas from the salad bar. Why stop there? :)Speaking of salsa, while I like the more traditional ones, I think that the unusual flavors are the most delicious. For example, the sesame one tastes great drizzled on top of the shrimp tacos, and the peanut one was really solid with the chips. Both Asian-seeming sauces. Both surprisingly great matches for the savory Mexican flavors. The final thing I wanted to mention is the Jamaica (pronounced Huh-my-kah) drink, which is essentially sweetened hibiscus tea. It's delicious but I think it's a tad too sweet for me. I'd love if it was watered down a bit. This is definitely my new Sunday spot, but of course, check back with me in a few weeks. If I've still been hitting this place up on a weekly basis, you KNOW it's good!
2	I read all the great reviews on here and in the 'Phoenix's 23 of the Valleys best new places to chow down' and was excited - both my sister and I love street tacos.Maybe I missed something, but I have never been more dissappointed in my culinary adventures. The chips were alright...the array of salsas was impressive and all the ones I sampled were quite good. We ordered 5 different tacos a la carte - Cabo Shrimp Taco, Sonoran Carne Asada Taco, Aztec Tinga Taco, Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco, La Condesa Shrimp taco. The Cabo was tasty, but nothing to write home about, the carne asada was tasteless and overdone, the Aztec Tinga was not bad... but very one note and we were over it after the first bite. The Condesa Shrimp taco had  WAAAY too much garlic and the shrimp had zero flavor - I came across at least 10 full slices and I still have the taste of garlic in my mouth hours later. Overall it wasn't horrible - it just wasn't good - definately not 25 dollars worth -  this is not a place I would return to nor would I recommend it to anyone elseIf you want good street tacos see my reviews.
4	I would have given another star if they hadn't run out of horchata. To say that my heart was broken is an understatement when I was told the news. The endless supply of chips and variety of salsas did occupy my thoughts. Yet, while my mouth was on fire and all my taste buds started sizzling away, I couldn't help but yearn for my horchata that was not to come. The carne asada taco and the shrimp tacos (both types) were all very good. I will definitely be back.
5	Ohhh baby the horchata is simply amazing. 5th star well deserved. I felt like a little kid scooping the pecans and strawberries with a spoon at the end.
4	I have been here like a dozen times, and this place is awesome. I saw that most of the bad reviews were about their service and not about the food. I, personally, have never had a problem with any of their waitresses and only once has my food been mixed up (whatever, accidents happen).Look- the food here is good. I for one HATE mole, but a friend of mine ordered it here (I think it was in taco form) and I had a bite and I was like "heyyyyyy. not baaaaad." That says a lot about the quality of their food. They have AMAZING quesadillas. They're not your typical filibertos "I'm gonna throw some day old cheese inside this tortilla" quesadillas. No. They deep fried corn quesas filled with deliciousness. I personally love the steak & cheese quesa. It comes topped with sour cream and fresh cotija cheese. Try dipping it in their pecan salsa.GET A HORCHATA! You won't be disappointed. It's homemade and they add melons, strawberries and walnuts into the mix. All those flavors pair so well together. It's the best horchata I have ever had.They have an awesome salsa bar. I would guess there are at least 20 kinds of salsa in there. I also saw people complaining on yelp about their chips. I've been here a bunch of times and never received stale chips. Here's a tip people- If you get something you don't like... tell them! I'm sure they will gladly bring you another basket of FREE chips.The ONLY, and I mean only, reason they are losing a star from me is because on my very first visit (a little over a year ago) they had a DELICIOUS strawberry salsa that I absolutely loved. I have since returned many many times and NO STRAWBERRY SALSA. I asked one of the ladies who work there when they were going to have it again and she told me she didn't know. I guess I'm just disappointed because it was SO GOOD and kind of the main reason I even went back the second, third and fourth times. But the rest of their food is still super delicious and I will continue to go here and eat up all their delicious drinks and salsas.
2	I went to this place like a month ago. It was awesome. I couldn't wait to go back. I had the beer battered shrimp which were huge and their beans and rice were so flavorful. I subsequently went back last week and it was not the same at all. The beans were runny (like they were watered down when they were really thick before). The shrimp went from being huge to about the size of a quarter. I was really disappointed. I'm hoping they just had a bad day and this will not be the norm.
4	It is interesting that the bust of a tattooed woman above this restaurant specializing in tacos should have such a strong Aztec feel to it since, according to Wikipedia the Spanish conquistadors were the first Europeans to enjoy tacos and incidentally wiped out the Aztecs. I guess that means cultures may come and go but tacos, they are forever, and thank goodness because this place, one heck of an bargain for such a great foodie experience.The restaurant, if you don't know what you are looking for, can be easy to drive past so have you smartphone out with the map function on Yelp to make sure you don't miss it. Once I arrived, as it was just me, I sat at the bar instead of taking up a whole table. After ordering my drink, which comes in a take-out cup (and I ordered iced-tea, not the famous Horchata which seems well worth trying) you get a basket of tips and then you can go hit the salsa bar which has at least a dozen different types of salsa. I was partial to the peanut salsa, sort of feels like a Thai/Mexico crossover though the pecan salsa, which creamy, was somewhat bland.  I did especially like the 7 pepper salsa, a mix of roasted green peppers, slivers of garlic and olive oil, from what I could tell and their more traditional red salsas seemed quite good.I had the two taco special, which is about $10 and comes with a small side order of rice (fluffy white rice with corn in it, nothing special) and a small container of re-fried pinto beans, also nothing special but they look nice on the taco plate. For the two tacos I ordered, and this is a mouthful, the "Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco" and some sort of grilled steak taco..both came made with two corn tortillas instead of one and the nice thing, they were not overly soft but had a dry feel to them that kept them from getting soggy from any juices from the taco fillings.The grilled steak taco had some sort of lime based topping that was really good and both tacos were quite substantive. The Cochinita taco was made with pork shoulder roasted with some sort of red spice and what tasted like orange juice and topped with pickled onion and it was also quite delicious. I did like adding some spicy salsa to that one to kick up the heat a bit.The menu online is rather limited compared to what they offer now but for a meal that was $13 with a drink and tax, it was a great food experience. If this place was up in Scottsdale instead off of McDowell and 16th St (by the way, easy to get there on the 202, just get off on 24th, go to McDowell, drive to 16th Street and turn. I plan to take some co-workers from the office here next Friday so I can share the experience.Oh, by the way, found t his place because it was listed as one of the best new 25 restaurants in Phoenix in Phoenix magazine, and they were spot on. Next time I have to try the Horchata which is enhanced with pecans and fresh fruit. Bottom line, worth you time to go here! :-)Bit of an add on - went back this Friday and boy, even at about 11:30 it was packed. I tried the Horchata this time and the best I've had - I like the pieces of pecan and diced fruit they mix in with it. I also had the steak taco, I guess it is the Condessa taco, that has the spice and olive oil mix on it and it was wonderful, especially with the oil based salsa that tastes like it is made with oil, dried crushed papers and salt, excellent, and I also ordered the grilled squash which, while not amazing, is a nice addition to the meal. I have decided, now that I've eaten there a second time, that I like the grilled steak tacos but the pulled meat, both the chicken and the pork, nothing special, and the side of rice this time, really clumpy and overly sticky, not like what I had last time so I'll give it four stars but need to do something a bit more special with the rice and beans to get a five.
4	Awesome taco and salsa choices, but no big crowds.For a foodie, it's great there are no long lines and waits for seating, but peoples, YOU'RE MISSIN' OUT! In Saturday for lunch, had a seat at the empty bar. Tables mostly full, but not jammed with folks. Good for me though, service was quick, and room to kick back.Ordered Azteca Tinga and Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken tacos, but oddly, was served Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco instead of the Azteca. I double-checked with the server 'cuz the Cochinita was absolutely mouth-watering! Over-the-top when paired with the Cilantro salsa (just a touch). A definite repeat item. Black Mole was certainly delivered as described, with dark, somewhat smokey-molasses flavor, but a bit too heavy for me.Ti[p: Pick just two-to-three salsa to sample, and then decide on how best to enjoy them-some just with chips, others to top off a taco. How to be sure what's best? Duh, come back again!
4	I really like the choices of salsa. They give you some interesting flavours and textures by using pecans and jicama. As weird as it sounds, it's worth trying it out to discover new things and it might surprise you like it did me. When I came here, I was a little disappointed because they didn't have any shrimps so I couldn't get one of the tacos I wanted. I ended up getting  the Baja Sur Shark Taco and another taco. Both were very good, but I did prefer the Shark Taco. I also had their horchata which was just okay...it had too much cinnamon for me, but I like the addition of fruits and nuts with it. This place gets crowded especially during lunch time and it's a small place. They've got interesting paintings on the walls.
5	it has been said already-Awesomeness
3	At first I thought I was in a nursery, every table in these cramped quarters had an infant (with strollers and baby seats) crying and whining. I hate our society now that this is acceptable behavior of bringing your crying baby to restaurants ...how about taking that kid outside for a stroll like a responsible adult than totally ignore them and put us through this stressful situation (you're just waiting for me to snap RIGHT?) Well back to the review...Food was fresh, unique, authentic. Plus, Plus, Plus. Salsa's were plenty, yes tried them all. But I'm a foodie and I need flavor, though I thought it's a bit on the bland side for my taste, I'll instead rave about them being unique and not your 'ordinary' mex-restaurant. The night we went, there was a line and busy, and they do treat you as family/friends (another Plus) but maybe too crowded. We had the center table and everyone, servers and patrons jammed right in there. I ordered up the Sonora Carne Asada Burrito (it says: A char-broiled mesquite Arrachera steak with homemade beans) unsure what Arrachera Steak is but gobbled it up with extra salsa from the buffet. Jodi had the Fish Tacos and well... they smelled fishy. Not the best either one of us ever had ...but was now check off our bucket list. Mission complete
4	So whenever former Phoenix Yelper Jim W arrives or departs, you can count on a dust storm, a big one.  It's like he's got his own set of haboobs.  But when he suggested La Condesa, I said to hell with a clean car and clean hair.  It was about time I met La Condesa.  And the pleasure was all mine.First off, the salsa bar is more like a salsa buffet.  And the guacamole..yum, it had mango in it!  Not sure if that's a seasonal thing, but it was tasty.  The carne asada taco was good, but the Mayan Cochinita Pibil taco (let's just call it shredded pork) was so far beyond good, you have to taste it to believe it.  And I suggest you do, soon.
1	Awful. After all the batting away of the flies, dodging the moldy chips, straining to hear my date over the blaring and awful mexican music and noticing that my Sierra Mist was brown, I never did get around to actually ordering a meal, I was too frightened to! The walls were supposed to be white but you could only see it through all the dirt where the chair had recently scratched the wall.....won't be going back! I suspect someone spends a lot of time writing their own reviews....
5	I was going to meet a friend for lunch at Barrio (one of the only places you can get "real" Mexican in Phoenix, which I could never understand -  we are less than 4 hours from the border!!). Unfortunately, it was before I yelped much, so I neglected to notice that they were closed Mondays:( Dejected, we drove down the street looking for someplace else to go. I can't remember if it was the Catrina that drove us in, but as soon as I saw the salsa bar, I knew I was in heaven. It was like actual food that I've actually eaten in Mexico (rather than assorted patterns of tortillas, rice, beans, and cheese). Now we take all visiting friends and family to this place. A visitor from LA said they were the best tacos he had ever eaten and I'm sure he wasn't lying. Many people have commented on the salsa bar. My favorites are the creamy ones (pecan, peanut, and cilantro) and most of all the sesame (to me, the spiciest one on the bar), and usually I try to sample some of each one - but taste is in the eye of the beholder. The important point is that you don't want to fill up on the chips, because you will be sad when your huge plate of food comes. So I'd like to share my strategies for maximizing the salsa enjoying experience without getting uncomfortably full.  I start by limiting myself to 5-6 chips which I break into smaller pieces for dipping. Once the food comes, I take the second tortilla from each of my veggie tacos (the tacos themselves already have just the perfect type and amount, so it's pointless to try and add more) and use it to scoop up the salsa. With only the one remaining tortilla, you do get some drippage, but you can add more salsa to any veggies and cheese that fall out and eat it with a spoon. Then for dessert, I pour the cilantro salsa on my rice. Mmmm, salsa. I would buy this stuff by the tub if they would let me. BTW, I asked - they just laughed. The only draw back is that my poor husband tries to order a margarita every time we go, and they still don't have any. I hope someday they will take his advice and add it to the menu.
5	Great  salsa barGaucho taco and burrito are the bestAnd the Mahi Mahi Horchata is also pretty goodDefinitly coming back
4	I am giving this place 4 stars because it is unique. The night we went it was crowded...but we went because of all the hype on Yelp and my quest for Fish Tacos. The service was good. I tried all the salsa's and only liked a few. And as for the tacos...they were ok. The Shark Taco needed a better sauce and I would have enjoyed it much better. Truthfully, I didn't find the shark tacos as great as everyone else does on these reviews, but then again, I am new to Fish Tacos. I also tried the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco, I found this flavor strong (unlike other Mexican places I have tried), so that is good, but I didn't really care for it.The bad, my son ordered the steak Quesa. He didn't care for it at all, I did like this, but then the waitress took the entire thing away when we weren't done with it and Dave didn't even get a chance to try it. So that was a bit disappointing, given he didn't eat hardly any of it. Overall...I am glad we went.
1	went into the dark bathroomflipped on the lightsscurrying ROACHES, as in plural, ran into hidingi squealedwe left
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place.  Shocking.  I LOVE this place.Their quesadillas are doughy cheesy heaven.  HEAVEN.Their tacos are the stuff dreams are made of.Their salsa bar proof that there is a god.Well, that may be much, but still, awesome place.And guess what kiddies? They finally have beer!Decor is nice, room is a bit small to contain all this awesomeness though.  Its cozy.let me recommend  the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco.  That pork, tender, so very very tender.  Amazing in the quesa as well.The dogfish shark and shrimp are great too. I haven't been disappointed yet actually.Order one of everything! (maybe two of the pork)
3	Went to La Condesa around 630PM on a weeknight and drove right by it a couple of times. No lights on outside at all. The parking was kind of scary as well.On to the food. The Shark Taco was good until I ran into a huge piece that was so tough that I couldn't get my teeth to sink into it.The carne asada tacos meat was a bit tough and cold.The pork taco was pretty good and the meat was tender.The salsa bar was the most interesting and yummy thing in the place. I loved the cilantro salsa the most.If you go there you may want to pick a time when it's a little more busy. Not sure if my food was at its best since it was just before dinner? Not sure. I will give it another try though. Each taco was about 3.50 each. There are a lot better taco joints in the area though.
4	Good "upscale" mexican fast food, if that makes any sense.  Lots of great flavors to be had.  Mixing and matching with the unique salsas (peanut, pecan, cilantro and jicama salsas are standouts) allows for some pretty awesome flavor combinations.Sort of an odd place, because it the menu feels like it should be a takeout or order-and-take your seat kind of place, but it has a beautiful wood bar that seems wasted on the environment.  If they do carry beer, it isn't in an obvious place (no taps, no display refridgerator).  And they appear to only carry one type of wine.Just think of the drinks as afterthoughts and enjoy the variety of food you are able to enjoy...
5	LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE this place.I have found my new place that I will go to for tacos over all else now. So my mind was way bigger than my tummy but here is what I ordered:1. Aztec Tinga Taco- Spicy yummy and honestly one of my favorite Mexican dishes so this was one of my top fav's2. Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco- This is how I found this place and it was a good taco but didn't stand with my other tacos in taste.3. Arrachera steak Taco-  This was the first I ate and it was awesome the steak was nice and charred and the flavor was just killer.4. Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Taco-  Woooooow this one was awesome packed full of flavor and was very moist.  This was another one of my fav's.5. Gaucho Taco-  This was my total favorite.  It was a carne asada steak taco with avocado and Argentinian Chimicurri sauce on it.  Oh man sooooo yummy I am drooling just thinking about it right now.  Last I had the Horchata which had a interesting twist with fresh fruit and pecans in it.  Honestly it was one of the best Horchata's I've ever had.  On top of all this they have an AMAZING salsa bar with about 15 different salsas for all palates.  If you've never gone take my advice and go and thank me later.  I can't wait to go back probably won't make it past tomorrow.  :)
5	A good friend refered me to this restaurant as we were on a Taco shop kick for the month. i had no idea tacos could be so amazing. The salsa bar is out of this world.
5	Really good tacos. The Cabo Shrimp tacos are excellent and very authentic. They are sooo similar to the tacos we loved in Cabo! I'd highly recommend this place for great food cheap.
5	I'm a salsa fan, and this place must have had 20 fresh salsas just waiting to be enjoyed. I tried most of them and they were excellent. Five stars for the salsas alone. The tacos were great - mole, shrimp, etc..
5	Awesome selection of tacos and great salsa's... the restaurant itself it very tiny though! When its busy good luck finding a seat. You can always carry out.
3	Mixed feelings about this place - the food was great, the salsa bar awesome, and the service really bad.  I really like the filling choices,  especially in a taco.  Their quesadillas are like a thick fry bread, I though they we're too greasy but everyone else raved.Leave extra time to check out, it took longer than the meal.
5	Best tacos I've ever had. Ate the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco (pork shoulder taco) as well as the Baja Surf Dogfish Shark Taco. The pork shoulder was my favorite because of how well the marinations blended with the pork as well as the small hint of cinnamon... Fucked up good! Both tacos came with a plate of rice and beans.  As mentioned before the pork shoulder taco has cinnamon in it which my girlfriend is allergic to so she switched if for the Sonoran Carne Asada Taco. The carne asada was well done and you could taste the mesquite charcoal it was made on. The salsa bar is another reason why this restaurant is good, due to  how diverse it was. There were so many salsas that we couldn't test them all before the chips ran out; can't remember the names of all of them, but the peanut salsa was awesome.
4	Excellent tacos and salsa!
4	This is actually hard to rate for me.  This place is different, the way the food tastes is different than most taco places, but it wasn't bad.  I liked the strong cinnamon flavor of the pork shoulder taco, but half the taco was enough.  The steak taco was good, juicy and not as sweet as the other food.  The chicken one (not mole) was ok, also too sweet.  I liked one or two bites of the chicken mole quesadilla, but couldn't have more than that, the sweet chocolate flavor became too strong.  I think that is what threw me, the food was almost dessert sweet. The mahi mahi burro was good, but I question the freshness of the mahi mahi, it was overly fishy, other than that it was very good.  So nothing was bad, the Hubby couldn't eat any of it after trying each, it was not his thing at all, but I would go back to try some other stuff.  My advice is to expect something different.  FIVE STARS + 100 more for the horchata though, ooohhhhhh my amazing!! The salsa bar was awesome also!!  Our service was good, and fast.
3	These are not your buddy's street tacos.La Condesa hits the nail on the head when it comes to flavor. Cochinita Pibil that tastes like Cochinita Pibil... though I would be fine with a little more achiote.The tinga is great, with citrusy notes on top of slow cooked beef full of chorizo and onion flavor--don't worry, the onion sweetens it up.My personal favorite is the baja shrimp taco. Big juicy pieces of breaded shrimp stuffed into two corn tortillas with cabbage and mayo on top.My only point of contention; they should warn people that more than two tacos is actually quite a lot of food. It would help get over the sticker shock. Beans and rice are unnecessary.A suggestion: Provide people with suggestions for salsa/taco pairings and make everyone drink the fruity horchata, it's awesome.
4	Finding someone who can make better mole than I can deserves 4 stars.  My absolute favorite is the chicken mole burrito.  The chickens mole burrito is just that- loaded with lots of shredded chicken, minimal rice in a flour tortilla.  The burros are gigantic and the drinks are gigantic.  I cannot comment on any other items as I am extremely satisfied with the mole and don't venture far from it.  I think you can order chicken mole tacos but I am unsure.  The salsa bar is tasty, too.  Apparently there is a Happy Hour on weekdays.  I noticed Tequila behind the bar but didn't see any beer and am unaware of what the Happy Hour entails.
5	A total hole in the wall, but so good!  Tons of different salsas to choose from.
5	Best taco shop in town hands down..I love everything I have had..Horchatta is amazing! I would say they need to get a bigger place..a little cramped at times..I am on the fence about this because it makes things seem more communial and neighborhoody. I tell people at La Condesa all the time. The owner recently told me happy hour everyday 3-6pm...$3.00 natural,organic margaritas.
3	Here's what you'll like.The salsa bar. It features about a dozen types of salsas, ranging from traditional to the more obscure pecan.The cochinita quesadilla, which really doubles as a Mexican stromboli, only deep fried in lieu of baked.And the artwork, all of which is macabre, depicting 'Dio del muerto' scenes. Erie, to say the least, but colorful and provocative.Here's what you won't like.Your missing car if you don't lock it and set the alarm.The chairs, likely designed by an orthopedic surgeon whose mission is to rid the world of scoliosis, one taco aficionado at a time.In their defense, the chairs look to be some kind of Mexican relic, something they found in an old Mission or something. They're artsy and very heavy carved wood. One problem.They're so heavy, when you stand up, attempting to furtively sneak to the salsa bar for the fifth time hoping no-one will spot your sloth-ass in the process, they'll give you up in a New York second as they make the most God-awful racket scraping the bare floor. I don't like it when I'm trying to be sneaky and some inanimate object signals everyone, warning them of my intentions to abscond with the entire salsa bar, greedily hogging it all to myself.
4	Awesome Quesadillas. They are more like empanadas than quesidillas but they are so good. Try the mahi mahi, it was so fresh and the sause was wonderful. the salsa bar will show you a dozen different salsas. Really fun to try them all.
4	My new "Comfort Food" favorite! If you like varying the taste of your favorite dishes this is your place! Light up your palette with multiple savory salsas and match them up to a plethora of uniquely prepared gourmet tacos, burritos, and quesadillas. I had the Mayan Conchinita Pibil Quesadilla, which is pure decadence all by itself. However, I paired a few bites with their fresh guacamole and one of the kickin salsas.  (Something with Cabo in the name, or the other one that looked very similar). While the presentation was beautiful, I started to break through the paper lining the basket. That grosed me out a little, but by then I was full and bagged the rest for later.
5	Probably the best tacos in town. Please don't move!!! Also, being Hispanic I've had my fair share of Horchata's in my life...this one tops them all, it's more like an Horchata Salad, just brilliant!
5	I am trying to buy a home, distance from La Condesa is a huge deciding factor, that's how good it is.really, its that good. The quesadilla are not your mamma's quesadilla, by the end of my meal my table is filled with tiny plastic cups from the salsa bar because there are so many to try, and the guacamole is like none I've ever had before.
4	So good! So good. A must try taco shop if you are in Phoenix. I ordered 3 different tacos and was able to turn them into 6 since they put a lot of fillings and 2 corn tortillas. The mole is so delish and you gotta order this taco. I ordered the steak and it was good too, but my fave...the carnitas taco. The pork is so tender and flavorful! I also love all the salsas! I just wish they didn't run out of some of them...there were so many to choose from it was hard to decide what to try so I relied an a regular to steer me in the right direction. The margarita was ok, but I would definitely go back for the mole and the carnitas!
5	MMMMM!!! Love this place! The Salsa bar is awesome. They have updated it since the last time we went so they now have a full bar! YAY!  The prices are great and you get sooo much food. My boyfriend and I was always have left-overs that heat up wonderfully in the toaster oven . There is not a lot of seating but that's down town dining for ya.
4	March 16, 2012 put me into the middle of Art Detour 24 preparations.  Part of my art detour was meeting a wheat paste artist named Jetsonorama.  That topic is at at least two elsewheres.  Breeze says La Condesa serves some of the best burritos on 16th Street.  Jetson couldn't make it for lunch under the 16th street canopy.  He was up to his elbows in paste and plotter paper, plus being three feet off the ground.   I said, "What the heck, I Yelp* I'll let Jetsonorama rate the food and I'll get a horchata."  (  'Or cha ta' for all you snowbirds)La Condesa horchata is not To Go horchata.  Especially with a straw the diameter of an osmosis tube.  The crushed peanuts, and pecans, diced strawberry and cantalope are not straw friendly.  Especially for a traveller.  I kept probing the drink with my tiny tube, trying to find a crevice among the fracked fruit stand and ice, so I could slurp and taste some liquid.  Tough proposition caballeros.  If I'd have been at a table, with a spoon, my words might be celebrating the glories of this unique gourmet horchata.  My favorite horchata in town is still Poblano's.I feast on art.  My great-grandmother sent books depicting art from the world's great galleries, most of that art showing live subjects.  I'm a human being who's always been encouraged to live.  I don't completely get the Mexican celebration of The Dead (Garcia IS a hispanic name isn't it?).  The art depicting them who've gone.  Lots of it is about humor, fleeting beauty, memorials, and kicking it in the hereafter.  I don't quite get it in my bones.  Some day I will.  I understand a Day of the Dead, but a lifetime of the dead is beyond me.  La Condesa has Fine Art depicting The Dead.  Or those who could be dead.  I mean will be dead.   It is beautiful work, worthy of a trip to La Condesa.  Looking over some of the Yelp* pictures, La Condesa is also a gallery.  To the main course!The salsa bar is the most diverse one I've seen.  I dished up Cilantro, Sesame, and Pecan salsas into my little salsa to-gos.  The salsa bar was loaded with all the normal flavors, plus lots more.How often do I get to order mole anything?  (That's 'mo lay', not mole for all you snowbirds.  Big difference.) Not too often.The Jet gave me free reign for his lunch.  I ordered him a mole burrito.  He said he wanted jamaica (  'Ha my ee ca', hibiscus flower iced tea, to all you snowbirds)  to drink    I cannot wax wordy on the mole or jamaica.  I ate and drank neither.  I was texted, "It was great, perfect flavor, drink refreshing, no room for dinner."Need anything else be written?Elsewhere 1:http://www.panoramio.com/photo/68707840
5	They do serve Alcohol they have a full bar
1	Slow service. Waited 15 minutes without just a bowl of chips and no order taken. One server on a Sunday wasn't a good idea. Headed elsewhere.
4	Great food can be served anywhere. My wife and me got lost couple of times while on gps!!duh! Who thinks of such a neat and cool place in this neighborhood. The food is great , really really great and their salsa bar is seriously awesome.thanks to all my yelp family for giving me this place!
5	I love this place!!  As other reviewers have pointed out, the salsa bar is insane.  Do yourself a favor and sample each variety.  They're not labeled to indicate how spicy they are, so be forewarned.  The cochinita, gaucho, dogfish, and shrimp tacos are my favorite.
4	Two things you must have: the Cabo shrimp tacos, and the cilantro "salsa" (it's at the salsa bar, but it's dairy-based, creamy, and delicious). I went with a vegan and even they found something to eat that was reaaaaally good (vegetable burrito). Some of the salsas were really spicy, but all of them were awesome. Decor is great (chairs are a little heavy and make a crapton of noise if you move them, but I don't really think that's a dealbreaker, come on now), and yes, it's in a bad area (really guys, let's keep posting about locking our cars. Shouldn't you do that everywhere anyway? Most of the people I know who have had their cars stolen had them stolen from outside their houses, or at work, in BETTER neighborhoods than this. Get. Over. It), but overall it was fantastic, servers were attentive and very nice, and the food was YUM and at a good price.
4	Lunchtime out with a relative on a weekday, and La Condesa has a seat by the window. There is really nothing like its saloon-artsy walls for us to gaze.   The Dia De los Muertos motif and wooden furniture make it perfect for easy conversation.  Most folks seated around us already know where to go for lunch that's not too pricey and homemade.  The Horchata is nothing short of liquid dessert, filled with pecans, fruit and rice milk.  You can avoid dairy all together with this and a special bullet burro with guac and lettuce.The salsa bar sets the standard for good restaurants.  It's wide variety of salsas leave little doubt what creative people run the place.  My hope is that only a few people read this and try it. Otherwise, to my chagrin, the next time we park on 16th Street, we may have to WAIT in a line outside.
4	Considering salsa is my favorite food group, La Condesa is a small piece of heaven. The carne asada and cabo shrimp tacos are delicious. This place gets very busy during lunch and is pretty cramped. Wouldn't recommend for large groups. Mmmmm salsa.
5	Everything here is awesome and the pecan salsa is amazing.
4	Almost missed this place, because Yelp still shows no alcohol, and a mexican meal without a beer or margarita is not complete.  Glad I went!  We split the shrimp, veggie and pork tacos.  This is the only place where I would consider ordering a veggie taco over the meat ones.  The grilled vegetables were packed with flavor, and the cheese was perfect.  Add an awesome salsa bar and mexican beer, and you have the perfect meal for before or after the ball game.  I would have given 5 stars, but the pork tacos didn't wow me.  Don't get me wrong, they were good - but just above average.
4	Really great salsa bar, tacos, quesadillas and burros.  Service is hit or miss depending on how busy they are but are very friendly.  Just get the food ala carte, the beans and rice portions with a combo are small and aren't that great.  Not a very good selection of beers and the regular margarita is just so so.
3	Really great salsa bar, tacos, quesadillas and burros.  This is 'authentic' mexican; not Macayos.  A few downsides though, it is really small & not really built for families or large groups; plus, I wouldn't park in the neighboring streets.  I got yelled at by one homeowner saying if they saw my vehicle again they're having it TOWED!.
5	Oh My Goodness!!Husband is Mexican - we're from Chicago - have NEVER had such fabulous food outside of Mexico City! Were there on vaca and went one night - loved the tacos (the Tinga chicken was SOOOO tasty!) and the salsas are so fun and interesting and tasty!Had to go back one more time before we left and ordered the DEEP FRIED QUESADILLAS!!! O.M.G. pas deaux - it was AH MAY ZING!!! One of the best fried foods I have ever tasted - and the cheese, and the chicken tinga..... mmmmmmm - Booking another flight to Phoenix as I write this....
5	Best Horchata EVER!  The Tacos and salsa were also some of the best I have ever had.  Try the mole taco.
5	Just go here. You won't be disappointed.The atmosphere is cozy and hip with rustic tables and chairs and dia de los muertos artwork lining the walls. The staff is FRIENDLY. I can't emphasize that enough. I have been for lunch and they handle the crowds well. At dinner, and during slower traffic times, they are very attentive and ensure that you have everything you need.The food. Where do I begin. I will start with the amazing salsa bar. They have about a dozen salsas per day. Fresh. My favorite is the seven chile salsa which is simply roasted chiles and red onions. They are all amazing though.As far as the tacos, I have only ever eaten the pibil and the mole, and that's because they are so good, that I can't branch out yet. Every time I go, those are the ones I am craving. The pibil is so good that it makes me fully appreciate Johnny Depp's character in "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" having such a love of good pibil. If you go at lunch, go before 11:30 to beat the crowd. This is one of my favorite places to eat. Hands down. Get some horchata to go as well. They top it with fruit and pecans. Yum!
5	If you are an culinary adventurer looking for your diamond in the rough, then look no further than this temple of deliciousness in the heart of Phoenix.  Seldom do I go head over heals for a place, but with La Condesa I am totally smitten.  We went there for dinner on Friday and after the first bite of the guacamole I was wondering where this place had been my entire life and I hadn't even really tried the salsa yet.  Before I even really dive into the main course, I have to tell you about the salsa bar... it is unique and the flavors are mind blowing.  They have the classic fare of pico, but they have so much more than that... when I say a bar, there are at least 10 impressive salsas to choose from that are freshened frequently.  My favorite, the roasted seven chili salsa; let me tell you I wanted to run into the back and take every last remaining bit of it and run home to enjoy it in solitude.  Seriously though, all of the salsas are incredible... but the seven chili is just the best... dont try debating me, your arguments will fall on deaf ears.  ;)The guacamole is earth shattering. It has mango, cranberries, avocado and other ingredients that just just take the ordinary and make it extraordinary.The main course... Pibil Burro...Jenny B mentioned the movie "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" where Johnny Depp's character had a very passionate love for pibil.  I cannot say enough about the pibil.  From my experience at this restaurant I am sure everything on the menu is amazing, but from my point of view the pibil is where it is at.  Get it, love it, devour it and embrace it for all its glory.  Yeah... I am a fan.At the heart of this amazing place on 16th Street is a staff that is no less than stellar.  The people that work here are so incredibly friendly and take every opportunity to make sure you are enjoying your experience.  They know how good their food is, you can see it in their eyes, but they also care about the quality and it shows.  I am a big fan of the staff as much as I am the food that they serve.  Well done La Condesa, well done.
4	Ooooh, more of a 4.5 rating.So many wonderful things to say about this place. Thank goodness for living social deals that introduce me to new favorites!Unassuming from outside. It is located in a run down strip mall with limited parking. But once you go through those doors you are transported to a dia de los muertos paradise. Really cool decor with awesome art on the walls. Love the bathroom doors!Service was warm, informative, and attentive. Salsa bar. Wow, what can I say? I consider myself an expert on Mexican food, as a Mexican-American myself and a native of Arizona. But I have never seen these sort of salsas in my life! Peanut salsa? Strawberry salsa? Yum. My husband had the dogfish shark taco dinner and I had the veggie taco dinner. Yummmmm. Hubby loved his tacos and I had the BEST veggie tacos of my life. The cheese in the tacos is delicious. The beans and rice were great too. I had their house margarita which was so different and refreshing. It had a hint of grapefruit juice which I loved.My only (very minor) complaints? They charge for chips. Only a couple bucks but I wish I was warned before I saw it on the receipt. Also, I saw a tiny bit of unidentifiable meat in my taco. It must have gotten mixed in accidentally on the grill. Hey, it happens, but it can really unnerve a vegetarian.Love this place. We will definitely be back, preferably during happy hour when I can knock back a couple of their margaritas at a discounted price. :)
5	With 234 reviews (and counting) there's no need for me to go into great detail. I'll just add to the weighted score. This place lives up to the hype, so get at it!
5	Such a cute, unique place. All of the tacos are amazing (pulled pork, carne asada, grilled shrimp), carne asada burro is also very different & delicious!!! Looks shady from the outside, but that's what makes it even better, & a great find.
5	Chicken Mole taco and Salsa Bar to D-I-E for...just sayin! sick happy!
5	Been searching for good quality authentic Mexican food? Well, look no further. This place is the best in the state of AZ.  They use good quality freeh ingredients to prepare the food. Everything from the tacos, burritos and quesadillas are superb. They have a salsa bar with many different salsas that are to die for!!! Oh and don't forget to try the horchata. You won't be dissapointed after eating at this place!
4	Walking into this small restaurant, i could image I was in a nice part of Mexico City.  Showing up with my customary crew of three little boys, you can imagine some people would be annoyed, but our hostess greeted us kindly and found us the space to sit down. They didn't mind at all that we had to park the stroller at the small bar.The boys were hungry monsters and we got baskets of chips right away. I found several lovely non spicy salsas for the boys, including a pecan salsa, cilantro salsa, and strawberry salsa. We ordered a mole taco, shark taco, and pibil taco with a side of rice and beans to share among us. It was plenty for two adults, two little ones and a very picky 8 yr old who just ate chips. Each taco was awesome.each was  Realy  unique in flavors. The beans and rice were both boring and bland. All salsas were delicious. It almost didnt m atter what we ate because it was all so delish.The decor was very appealing, although the walls were pretty dirty. The service was good, the music good and rather loud, which helped to drown out the baby pulverizing chips with his fists. This is not wat I would categorize as a good place to take kids, but even so, they were tolerated, and I am just not going to miss trying a place like this because I have my kids with me. The only drawback for me was that this is a SMALL place, and it was hot and airless inside. I don't know if the air conditioning was broken, but just a room fan would have helped a lot. We were sweating by the end of the meal, and not from the pico de gallo. I hope they get that worked out before summer melts the asphalt.
4	I was in Phoenix on a one day business trip and found this place on yelp. I'm glad I did. The restaurant is small at first but has a variety of home made salsas at the salsa bar. I didn't get a chance to try them all but the ones I had were very good. They have really good service with a friendly server and prompt service. I had the mahi fish taco which was grilled and I also had the chicken taco. Both were excellent with the rice and beans. They give you soft drinks in a to go cup so that was convenient to take with me in the 100 degree weather. The food was really good and was better than similar tacos in CA. I'm glad I chose this place for my one meal in AZ before my flight home! One more thing the price was very reasonable and the location was only a couple miles from the Sky Harbor rental car center. Will go back if I'm in AZ.
5	I want to say don't go here... Why? Because my wife and I loved it so much on our first visit to La Condesa that we selfishly want to keep it a secret from others.The food was really good and such a unique sampling of traditional Mexican food dishes, with a twist.  The mole was to die for and the shark tacos were amazing.  The rice is also so tasty and I am not usually a rice kind of guy.  I always forgo ordering the traditional side of rice & beans and initially I did the same on our visit.  But my wife ordered the rice with her meal and after seeing and tasting hers, I actually added that to my order even though we already had received our food.  Everyone has already mentioned the amazing salsa bar so I won't repeat the accolades other than to say what a journey of amazing and unique concoctions, coupled with a few of the standard salsas.  Have to recommend the cilantro salsa if you go and be prepared to order more chips if you want to take the salsa adventure and try them all!!!Gets pretty packed during the standard rush hour periods but worth the wait and if you plan accordingly (noon or early dinner meal), you can avoid the surge.  Definitely one of my favorite taco places in Phoenix.Ray
5	You'll want to legalize immigration, for sure, once you try this food and salsas. The salsa bar brings strawberry, pecan, cilantro and other 8 or so collection of salsas to be savored with your basket of chips.  An array of hotness, so sweet, yes!  This food will make you question what the heck was that other Mexican food you once thought to be delicious.  This is true Mexico City cuisine. I've been to Mexico City and have tasted el sabor verdadero, now here in Phoenix, is a family owned restaurant that brings this authentic Mexican flavor to you and yours and you will say thank you its here.  Provecho!Keep up the good work to be great Condesa!  Gracias.
5	I am beyond picky when it comes to Mexican food, having grown up in Phoenix. I eat here weekly since I work down the street. The meats are seasoned perfectly, the salsa bar is amazing (try the creamy cilantro), everything including the guac is fresh and the price is right. Waitstaff is very pleasant. Eat here.
4	Went to the symphony during the mid part of the day and happened to run into La Condesa based on a Yelp review. This place is very tasty. Their salsas are exceptionally good and a must if you make a visit. Their drinks are good as well. All items served are unique in preparation and taste. We had the taco's gaucho, quesadilla and some orchata. The food was excellent and the service was friendly and attentive. Overall this place great for a mid day lunch of evening meal.
3	My husband's choice. He loved it.  I, on the other hand, thought it was just ok. For a taco shop, it's a bit overpriced.  I think our total meal came out $40-$50 and we didn't have any alcoholic beverages.  I've had better in Phoenix for the prices (Barrio Cafe) and would rather visit a real taco shop and eat for $10 than go back.  That being said, the staff is very nice and the food was good.  Their salsa bar is very enticing.
3	Place is a bit overrated.   Good salsa bar but tortillas for the tacos were pretty average and the meat on the arrachera tacos not particularly tender.  The fish tacos were very good.
5	Amazing place wish i lived in Phx so i could have this EVERYDAY!
4	Authentic Mexican food made with quality ingredients in a comfortable setting. Salsa bar has great variety from the usual to ones with strawberry. Munch on salsa and chips while they make your food which does take a little time as it's cooked to order. I like my food spicy but like to counter it with their horchata which is chock full of fruit and pecans. My favorites are the chicken mole and grilled veggie tacos.
5	La Condessa is muy Bueno in many ways. The tacos are always fresh, from shark to carne asada you really can't go wrong. (Although I heard it is bad karma to eat shark).They carry Mexican beers that I have never heard of before, last time I had an Estrella and it was delicious. They have a full bar with tons of exotic tequilas and they are generous on the pours.The servers are attentive and sweet and the set up is old style cool. What really keeps me coming back is the salsa bar (oh the salsa bar)! Pecan salsa, 7 pepper, chipotle, sesame... They carry over a dozen and you will have to come many times to experience the perfect salsa/taco combination. It is worth every delectable trip!
4	Nice variety of salsas. I had the shrimp tacos and they were delicious. The place is very small and only had two servers for dinner. They were nice though. I would definitely return.
5	What is there to say about La Condesa? It's simply amazing. I'll admit, we found this place searching for more of a day-to-day, less expensive version of Barrio Cafe. We found that and more. In our one month since we've moved to Phoenix, we've eaten here three times. By far the best item we've had is the fried quesadilla with mole chicken. Oh, and the horchata. Best. Horchata. Ever. It's not your typical horchata, so watch out. Mole poblano tacos are also heaven, as is the cochinita pibil. Salsa bar is to die for. I love the hole in the wall vibe. Only bad moment was that I got trapped in the bathroom, but that was my fault. I swear the door opens out, not in. This place is super casual. Plastic cups and nothing fancy, but the vibe is uber awesome. It is very small, and seating can be limited, but it always seems to work out. I don't recommend this place for very large groups. We'll be back, about once a week.
5	My Wife and I love this place, great salsa bar, tacos and burritos! Not your average mexican, beans and rice kind of place.
3	I come to La Condesa quite often (at least once a month) because it's really close to my house. It's one of those hidden gems along 16th Street and I really wish I could give it five stars but I just can't. Here's my summary of the place:Good:-The tacos are delicious! My favorite is the Mayan Pibil taco. -The prices are pretty descent.-The salsa bar is AMAZING! I can't get enough of the pecan salsa. -The chips are free and they go fast with such great salsa selections.-The margaritas are tasty.Bad:-The service is really bad. I'm not they type of customer to really care too much about service at a restaurant but it's pretty ridiculous here. I took my bf here the other day and it took about 8 minutes before anyone came to the table to greet us. I would say this was a fluke but, unfortunately, it's happened a few times now. Also, I have had two occasions when they forgot to bring out silverware/napkins. I've had a couple times when they've forgotten to bring out my margarita (they're really good here btw) and one time when they brought it out looking like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for 10 minues (all of the ice was melted). It's really sad how bad the services is because I absolutely LOVE the food/atmosphere.I guess the bottom line is that La Condesa makes some amazing gourmet tacos and salsa but they fall very short on the service. I'll be back but there are plenty of other places I can go and receive great food AND great service (i.e. Gallo Blanco at the Clarendon Hotel).
4	My friend took me here for lunch.  I had read about the salsa bar and so was looking forward to trying as many salsas as possible.The server let us try 3 of the taco fillings before we chose.  We then had the chicken, the pork, the Gaucho and the shrimp and shared them - all were very good.We tried all the hot salsas (no strawberry for us!) and they were decent (not Mrs. Renfro's Ghost Pepper Salsa hot, but decent enough).The prices were very reasonable and I would for sure go back if I was in Phoenix again.
4	We stopped in on July 4th for lunch. We were told we could sit wherever we wanted. The server walked over and asked for a drink order. He later brought chips and let us know they had a salsa bar.We walked over and they have a big selection. We tried several and they were very tasty. We ordered the fried quesadilla with chicken and beans and rice and an order of guacamole.The quesadilla was amazing. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it was spicy. The refried beans were the best I have ever had, I just wished the side was bigger than the small cup it was served in.Everything was excellent, except the service was a little slow. We had to ask for water, silverware and an extra plate a couple of times before it was brought over. But, the food definitely made up for it. Cant wait to go back!
2	I was very disappointed by my last 2 visits here. On one visit I was served cold beans and rice, like from the fridge cold. It took almost 20 minutes to get new beans and rice, and they were still barely warm. No apology, no nothing.Went again to get my favorite chicken mole tacos, and they were barely warm. My husband had their marinated shredded pork in a burrito and got sick after taking the first bite. This must be an acquired taste, it was gross, really gross. Then I found what looked like a gray slimy booger in my rice. When I pointed it out to the server he took my plate away and came back saying it was an onion!! No way was that an onion, or even a close relative of an onion. No apology, no asking if i want something else, he just came over, slammed the bill down and said we didn't charge you for your food, so don't worry about it, and walked away. I know mistakes happen, but own up to it, and at least TRY to make the customer feel good about the situation.
3	I went here to use a Groupon a couple weeks ago (can't believe I forgot to review it!). We got there fairly early and the place was empty. I found that to be kind of awkward. Anyway, The BF and I both got taco plates. I got the pork and the gaucho tacos. The pork was alright, very tender and the flavor was decent - a little sweet a little spicy, but the gaucho was pretty not good. There was something incredibly sweet about it...I did not like it at all, and I love chimichurri sauce. Their salsa bar is fabulous! I liked the pecan salsa and the tomatillo. I thought the strawberry salsa was odd...not my cup of tea. The salsa was the best part of the meal. I also had the horchata.....I did not care for it. The fruit and nuts in it did not add to the flavor and it was served luke warm...not so good. I do not know that I would go back.
4	On an extremely hot June day,  I was in the mood for Horchata and had read about La Condesa's with the Fruit and nut pieces.   I enjoyed my drink sitting at the empty Bar area while I waited for my To Go.   Its worth just going for the Horchata.   I ordered One Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco as my Appetizer which was lightly battered and fried perfecty in obviously clean oil.    My Entree was the Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken Quesa.  The 2 Quesas were crispy, pastry like and filled with Mole Chicken.  Oaxaca cheese was sprinkled on top and was a nice compliment .   Although, The Mole was just a tad bit too sweet, for me, I am looking forward to trying the other Quesas on the menu.   I was not familiar with "Quesa's" prior to my visit.
5	Excellent !!! looked up the place before our trip to Colorado, decided to stop in Phoenix for dinner.  We had a 30 min wait, but it was so well worth it, the food was amazing!!.. the owner was very kind and started us on drinks while we waited for a table.  The staff is very courteous, the food is phenomenal.. the price is a little up there, but then again it's not your local Taco shop, this is definitely gourmet tacos at it's best.  I loved their Shrimp tacos!! and of course their cochinita pibil quezadillas were lickity good.. everything on the menu looks very very good.
5	There really are few words to describe how perfect the food is, how delectable the salas are, how great the waitstaff is, and how awesome the vibe is. Sufficeth to say, we come here at least twice a month (we have to hold ourselves back!).Since my husband's from SoCal and I'm a born and bred Austinite, we both grew up eating delicious Mexican food. But I have to say that La Condesa truly beats out even my favorite spots in San Diego or Austin (sorry, hometown! you still have the best migas!). They are truly Taco Royalty.Our favorite tacos: Mayan Cochinita Pibil, Arrachera (carne asada), the El Guacho, and the shark taco. Also, you must try their margaritas and horchata!
5	Today we had a meal par excellence at Condesa!  My sister and Mom raved about the restaurant and I was excited to go.  I noticed some of the prior reviews had so-so service but my experience was very good. Our party of 5 was seated promptly and chips and drinks brought out pretty quick. The salsas were great but I liked the pecan salsa the best. My wife had chicken mole tacos which were tasty and even the beans have that authentic mex taste that is hard to find. Quesadillas were interesting and almost pastry-like in presentation, I had the Argentine beef wChimichurri sauce and it was awesome. A overall great experience and we shall return. Oh and margaritas were NOT from crappy sweet mix. Fresh lime juice and authentic!!
2	My parents taught me, "when you don't have something nice to say, then don't say anything at all."Yelp has taught me, "when you don't have something nice to say, tell it like it is."Sorry mom and dad, Yelp FTW!I like my restaurants how I like my style, un-cramped; unfortunately, this place is packed full with wall to wall tables and chairs leaving about 3 inches in between you and the guy at the table next to you. Don't plan to come here during the lunch rush with a big group, you're lucky if you can fit one or two people through the door. The parking isn't that appealing either, you are practically parked in the middle of 16th street traffic. :-/La Condesa makes a pretty good taco, and their salsa ain't bad either. To their benefit, they do have some fairly unique salsa's to choose from, such as strawberry, peanut, and pecan; but in my opinion, unique doesn't necessarily = awesome. Any of their tacos will do you right, but my favorite is their pork.  In my opinion, and lets face it, if you're reading my review, that's exactly what you're looking for right? La Condesa over stated when they went with Gourmet in the name. Sure, everybody likes their taco's but who wants to pay $9 for two tacos and leave feeling like they were packed in like sardines in the middle of a seedy neighborhood? If it isn't obvious yet, I don't plan on coming back soon, I can take or leave their salsas and tacos and wouldn't be bothered either way.Happy Yelping Phoenix, hope you find that hidden taco gem you've always been searching for.
4	Things Evolve over time, so has La Condesa, There now is a big fancy bar and a somewhat different menu.What really matters is that the flavor, ans salsas are still here.I had a burrito with Mahi Mahi in it, it came loaded with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and rice. The cheese was a bit much but was still great at 10.59 with tax it should be.What really mad it great was the salsas. Everything from a peanut salsa, to a strawberry to many of the classic favorites. I really enjoyed the roasted peepers and onions salsa.Yes the inside is small and the parking is suicidal when you leave, but if you need a flavor shot give this place a try.
4	I came in here on a Sunday with a friend.  We hadn't seen each other in months so we were in no hurry.  Which is good because the nice waiter was super busy.  When things did slow down later he joked to us that just as soon as he sent an employee home early because it was slow, everyone and they mama came in for tacos.I got a fish taco and a veggie taco.  My friend got 2 fish tacos.  The piece of fish I got was significantly smaller than the pieces she got, not sure what's up there.  Food was good, price was right also.  I think the whole bill (each of us got 2 tacos, 1 beer and 1 tea) was around 20 bucks, no complaints.  I liked the style and vibe in the shop. Great salsa bar too.Lots of yelpers mentioned the cramped style and slow service.  I unfortunately have to agree, but as I said we didn't mind the wait cuz we were chatting.  I would not recommend this spot for big groups or people on lunch breaks, otherwise-enjoy!
5	Love this place!  Salsas are excellent the beans could use a little something but other than that it's great!  Must try if you love tacos!
4	Stopped in to have dinner for my brothers birthday.  Our party was a bit too large for the small dinning area, there was 8 in our group.  However, after a short wait they were able to accommodate us.  Everything I tasted was great, the only thing holding me back from giving a five star review is the small dining area.  I had two tacos and rice and beans.  The cochinita pibil taco was very good but the star of the show was the Aztec tinga.  So flavorful, so fat, so hot!  Man, good thing I had a horchata to cool the flames.  The horchata was very good but around halfway through it became nearly impossible to drink through the straw because of the fruit and nuts.  It was no big deal though.  All in all it was a great meal at a very reasonable price.
5	Whhat? I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. It is by far, one of my favorite taco shops in all of Phoenix. Authentic. Quality. Delicious. When you first come in you get chips and can start experiencing the amazing salsa bar. Each flavor isn't just thrown together, but put together with thought and care. I have favorites, but they are all pretty tasty.Follow that up with some amazing food (I personally love the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco plate with double rice). Then you can wash it down with a, not-so-traditional, but in a good way Horchata. They will then drop the bill off and you will be pleasantly surprised that you had such an delicious, fresh meal for such a reasonable price.
5	I absolutely cannot describe the amazingness that is La Condesa Gourmet Taco Shop. Gourmet it is. From the top to the bottom. Service, Style, Food, the whole 9. Do not be fouled by the neighborhood... this place SHINES like a diamond in the rough. I am SOOO bummed that we were only in Phoenix for the night, cause I would have set up shop here every night. THE SALSA BAR!!! AHHH! We tried EVERY ONE. AMAZING. Our amazing bartender/server was David. He killed it. He even made me a Skinny Margarita. They make their own juices there for the Margs...mmmmm. Yep. They are authentic. The fish is fresh. They put up with me wanting no oil and after ordering 1 taco... he put up with me ordering 2 more, after the place should have been closed. This was all done with a smile and kindness that is unfortunately rare these days. Even just thinking about that taco... Grilled Mahi w/ a ton of veggies, spinach, onions,  wrapped in a homemade tortilla, guac, TONS of dipping sauces... literally melted in my mouth.If you are EVER in the Phoenix area--- YOU MUST STOP BY. If I am even an hour with-in it's radius I will be running back.Not. To. Be. Missed.
4	We go here about 1X/mo.  Their salsa bar is extreme; get ready to try all of the 13 amazing freshly made salsas.  Watermelon and radish are my faves.  I usually get the fish taco or chicken tinga.  The staff is nice and service is quick.  Last time they got my order wrong.  It was still good but I had my mouth ready for something else.  When I mentioned it to the staff.  Without a blink of an eye, she was back in the kitchen getting me a replacement taco to take home.  The place is small and usually packed so arrive a little earlier than the usual dining time.
5	You would miss this place if you drive by it in a random small strip mall on the side of 16th st, but the muerte that is so beautifully decorated outside will catch you! My first trip to La Condesa was great, the music is very authentic, almost like Latino pop. But the FOOD- lets talk about it... First you get chips and you wonder, where is the salsa lady?! But then you realize that amazing salsa bar at the back of the restaurant is where you get to pick out your salsa! My favorite was the strawberry salsa it was so unique, I've never had something like that before- and it was fresh fresh fresh! Then there's other usual salsas and more fun ones, probably about 12 or 14 to choose from and lots of lemons and limes.I had the tinga chicken tacos and they were very spicy, but I like spicy! But if you don't like spicy do not order them, they have an after burn and don't require salsa. The amount of chicken on the two taco plate was amazing for $6.99! TIPS-Try the strawberry salsa$2.00 Modelo Sat&SunHappy hour M to F 3 to 6 looks great
5	Amazing.
5	wow!  i have never been to a taco shop like this!!!!!!outside of the restaurant looks like in the ghetto and a little hard to find.  there is parking in front, side and across the street of the restaurant.the ambiance is really nice.  cool paintings on the wall and very small and only a few tables available.  since the restaurant is small it gets real noisy.  oh and plus a bar with seating.  during lunch this place fills up fast.once you sit down someone will bring some chips.  next, you walk yourself over to the salsa bar to select from the 14 salsas available.  kinda cool and different.  i'm a wuss when it comes to hot stuff but gave it a shot.  i loved the strawberry salsa and it was dang good!when you order you need to place your food order at the bar.  we ordered the mayan cochinita pibil taco and oaxaca black mole chicken shark taco.  for too adults i thought it was pricey for 2 tacos per plate with a small portion of beans & rice.  all freaking good but a little too spicy for our taste buds.  for the record we still loved it.this place is AWESOME!
5	This place is just amazing. Good prices, consistently excellent food and friendly/helpful staff. First off, you pick your own salsas, whaaa!? the salsa bar - strawberry salsa! pecan salsa! cilantro salsa! so so so many to choose from and always fresh. My favorite burrito is the Mahi mahi specialty, but the Mole, and veggie are also a hit. I have been going to this restaurant since I moved out here over 1 year ago and continually recommend it.Make sure you get a Horchata if you are in the mood for a sweet drink. It has melon, strawberries and pecans in it! Delicious and worth trying!Now go and tell all your friends about this place.
5	If there is anything I'd miss if I were to leave Phoenix, it would have to be the Mexican food.  That's what we're good for (and to think we're trying to get rid of the Mexicans!).  There's awesome greasy hole-in-the-wall, everybody-speaks-Spanish places like El Tlacoyo and Moreno's in Mesa; there's a variety of fast food places like Filiberto's and Someburros; you have you generic family restaurant Mexican like Macayo's, Garcia's, and Tia Rosa's; and then you have your niche places.La Condesa is one of those niche places, and one of my favorites.  Here, their niche is a slightly fancy take on really simple items like tacos, salsa, and quesadillas.  The tacos come in several varieties, with meats including chicken, beef, pork, whitefish, and even dogfish shark, and different spices and toppings on each one.  My favorites are, of course, the shark, as well as the black mole, and one of the beef ones (not the Sonoran).The salsas are also a big draw: prepare to be blown away as you dip your chips in peanut salsa, strawberry salsa, cilantro salsa, or even my personal favorite, pecan salsa.  There are typically about 20 choices, so if you want to try them all, come with a few friends (it does get crowded, though).The quesadillas are also delicious; they're a southern Mexican fried style.  They're quite heavy, so don't plan on being able to eat two or three tacos *and* a quesadilla.Oh...and GET THE HORCHATA.  You won't regret it.  I won't describe it, just because I don't want to ruin the surprise.  But it will blow your mind.  Whenever I get it, which is always, someone always asks me what that delicious-looking beverage is.
5	The things I like best about La Condesa (other than the decor - I love the imagery of Dia de los Muertos and Catrina):   their delicious homemade horchata, garnished authentically with bits of melon and pecans;  their many unusual varieties of homemade salsas (jicama, peanut, pecan, berry, every type of chile/tomato combination... All of them tasty); and their thick-rolled, flavorful quesas.  In the land of a thousand Mexican restaurants, they bring a fresh spin to the cuisine and the food is awesome.   Totally worth bumping elbows with one's fellow patrons a bit in the tight dining room.
5	Best Tacos in Phoenix!
4	Tacos rocked so hard, the Salsa was great, service was friendly and fast. It's a nice change from Gallo Blanco... I'm torn between the two, but that's OKay.
5	It is all about the salsa bar.I've eaten their tacos many times, both at the restaurant and to go.  Food is fresh and tastier than many of the other mexican eateries close by.  It isn't cheap by any means, but the salsa bar has so many choices (delicious each one) that more than makes up for the slightly higher cost.  And the choices don't just range from pico de gallo to hot to hotter.  Some are tart, some are creamy, some are smoky and hit the back of your throat, some are hot on the front end, etc.  Just go and taste it for yourselfBecause I live close by, I prefer to take my tacos home because the space is very small and (because the food is so good) it can get quite cramped in no time.  (And when the unfortunate circumstance of someone bringing in a baby happens, there really isn't any way to pretend you aren't in hell no matter how much Yoda you think you can channel.)  But get there early and down a few of their happy hour margaritas you might not care about the space.  If anyone knows of another place with a salsa bar even half as good as La Condesa's, please let me know.
5	Current favorite Mexican place in Phoenix. Will have a spot on the permanent rotation. Have tried 3 types of their tacos so far and none of them disappoint, but the fish tacos have to be my favorite so far.
5	Everything here is exceptional. Full bar with a decent beer selection of domestics and Mexican. Huge salsa bar. My favorite was the strawberry salsa. The salsa Mexicana was good, a little on the spicy side for me but I couldn't stop eat it!I had the white pacific fish tacos with rice and beans.  The tacos were delicious with lightly fried fish, cabbage, cilantro salsa, and a delicious creamy sauce.  Everything was so good, I wish I leaved in the area or could take this restaurant home with me so I could try everything on the menu!We arrived around 1130am on a Friday and around noon the place was packed, and it's a small place with limited seating.  Definitely worth it.
5	The salsa bar is "all that and a bag of chips!" "Since when do you go to a salsa bar, where the salsas are actually really full of flavor, thick (not watered down), and unique?!" as my friends put it so well! It's sounds strange, but the pecan salsa was delicious! The peanut salsa was still spicy but had a hint of peanut in it, so it wasn't overwhelmingly "peanuty." There was a strawberry rhubarb pepper type of salsa. This may sound a little too strange for most, but it was almost like a spicy dessert type sauce. Don't forget to order some margaritas to wash those salsa and chips down. I would say you could get filled up on salsa, chips and margaritas alone here and be more than satisfied, but I'm not sure the owners would be too happy about that! The salsa variety was nothing less than astounding! And don't worry your precious little heart. There are traditional ones too: green tomatillo, chipotle red pepper, jicama, and cilantro... just to name a few!Slow roasted cochinitas pibil (pork) tacos, slow cooked chicken mole tacos, beer battered Dogfish shark tacos, battered shrimp tacos, el gaucho steak in chimchurri sauce tacos with guacamole. Oh gawd, yes! And affirmative... these were all eaten in one sitting.... well, with a little help from Bryan too. He's so thoughtful for that too. I might have died from eating too much. We live so far from here that I just wanted to "stock up," and I came oh so close to having to be rolled out of the place like that "blueberry girl" from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory!
5	Simple, best shrimp taco's! Love this place!
3	I like the salsa bar!  Good to try at least once.  The horchata was yummy with all its chunky bits of nuts and fruit in it.  Those are the only good things I have to say!!  I didn't really like the food that much.  Not much vegetarian selection.  I probably won't go back.
5	Ok, some of the salsa sound a little strange. Try them. They are awesome. Mole tacos are delicious, so are the dog fish ones. The burros are huge. Great service, even when busy. The horchata is a nice way to finish a meal.
5	My mouth salivates when I drive by. This place is soooo yummy. Their un-traditional quesadillas are amazing!
5	Best Mexican food I've had in a long time. Good atmosphere.
5	Amazing food. The menu offers many more interesting choices than I am used to from the other local Mexican restaurants, and they're absolutely delicious The service was solid.The extensive salsa bar is worth the trip alone.They have Anchor Steam Beer for $3.00 during happy hour (Try it, you'll like it)Beautiful artwork on the walls, and a very laid back, non pretentious, but still classy, environment.
5	This place is amazing, once again, this place rocks. Today I had the Quezadilla with Argentine beef and chimichurri sauce, fresh avocados, just to die for!!! I would ditch any overprice mexican restaurant for the oportunity to eat here, they kick butt!!If you like the gourmet food from Cancun, then you will not be desapointed!!!
5	Recently some of my colleagues from Spain were visiting and on their last night in town, I offered to take them to dinner.   They immediately told me that they NEEDED to have authentic Mexican food and they really wanted tacos.   After searching through pages and pages of Yelp and Google, and polling my friends on facebook...I finally chose La Condesa over many strong recommendations of Los Dos Molinos, Barrio Cafe, Aunt Chiladas, and many more....   Now, I realized that never having been there myself before I was taking a bit of a risk...but my fellow Yelpers surely couldn't lead me astray, right?!   Happily, they did not!   The food was delicious.  The four of us all ordered different kinds of tacos and we all loved our dishes!  I had the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco, which I DEFINITELY recommend!  The flavor was amazing! a little heat, a little citrusy....mmm mmm mmm!!   Two of my co-workers had the Carne Asada and they both raved about it the whole way home. we all shared an Horchata for dessert -- wow!  very good too!  It's a big drink, so I do recommend sharing - it's totally worth it!    Their bellies were content before the long flight back to Espana!   The portions were good.  Not too big, not too small.  Two tacos were filling - I always like to know what to expect.  Nobody had any leftovers, so I think the portions were just right.  Of course, the salsa bar is a key feature of this place.  I think we only made it through 5 or 6 kinds and I liked them all.   The mango one was one of my favorites, which is a surprise b/c I'm not usually a huge fan, but I loved the sweet and spicy combo - it was done just right.   I've already sent the link to my foodie brother in law - the whole fam will be visiting for the holidays, we will definitely be going back!   This will be a MUST visit place for my future recommendations!  Yeah!
5	OMG! La Condesa, I love you! If you drive too fast down 16th on your way downtown, you just might miss this little, neighborhood taco joint...and it will be your loss. La Condesa is a delightful little 10-12 seat restaurant with seating also available at the bar. The wait staff are courteous, helpful and knowlegable about the food. There is a salsa bar with no less than 15 freshly made salsas.. everything from your standard pico de gallo to a strawberry jalapeno and a spicy chipotle peanut. We've been here a few times and have not been disappointed. Try the Sonoran Carne Asada Arrachera steak marinated with Mexican herbs, fresh garlic & olive oil, charbroiled with mesquite charcoal or the Mayan Cochinita Roasted Pork Shoulder Taco with marinated onions and salsa habanera. If you order the "taco plate" for a few dollars more, you can get sides of their slow cooked beans and rice.This is a place nice enough to take your mom and trendy (and inexpensive) enough to take your out of town hipster friends. Total neighborhood foodie heaven on a budget.
4	Just had lunch there and as for being a major taco fan i have had better(Los Angeles Tacos still rule) , but overall its pretty good compare to other places near by. I had the Argentine Style which thats were my dad is from.. was not as great the meat needed seasoning and the chimichuri was bland , not to mention a little cheap on putting the sauce on , so i had to ask for more. But the one that got me was the shark tacos , now thats a taco ! Just wish the would recomend the sauces/ salsa to put on it that would help bring out more flavor. They have so many salsas I WANTED TO TRY ALL OF THEM !  Great place for a good lunch and awsome concept ! if you have'nt tried it , you must go once its a fine meal for $10. Happy hour prices seem to be reasonable also. I will be back again i must say and will ask more questions about the sauces.
4	I could go there just to eat chips and salsa, very good! The tacos are really good too. Small little place with great service and great food.
5	WOWWWWWWWWSeriously, wow. We took the kids here one night when we were looking for someplace good to eat. We were going to go to America's but we used to live there, so we tried this place out instead. It's right down the road, so we were like "what the hey." Firstly, the outside is so cool looking. With that big ol sugar skull thing. So artsy. I was a little nervous we'd be out of place. But then we thought... "well, it's not in the nicest area, so it can't be too scenester" SO glad we made that decision. So we go in with the kids and sit at a table. The seating area is very intimate, I didn't mind that. The decor is really cool, gotta love a place with a great ambiance! The server was really nice, not overly nice. He did a great job. Omg the salsa bar is amazing. We tried them all! The kids loved trying them and naming them. The cilantro salsa.... never had anything like it in my life. I had the fish tacos that were such a relief. I have had some bad fish tacos in the past so I was a little nervous. But wow. We also had a margarita. They were both strong so I got to finish my husbands. Yay for me! :) I was a little disappointed that there isn't a kid's menu. I think they should make a small taco plate for kids, and maybe an option for a small burrito with a side of beans and rice. But the kids made due just fine. My daughter had a bean and cheese burrito and my son had 2 of the carne tacos. They both loved their choices and my husband swapped a carne taco with one of my Son's fish so they got to try it all. Yum. The chips were also great and made it nice to be able to dive right in to all the salsa options. The price might be my favorite thing. All four of us ate, got drinks, and my husband and I had a margarita all for about 40 bucks including a nice tip. You really can't beat that! We will DEFINITELY be going back to La Condesa!
4	It's a good little place with a nice authentic vibe. Certainly plenty of salsa options - ranging from acceptable to pretty good, but you can't argue with the variety.I thought the roasted pork shoulder taco was flavorful and delicious. Found the black mole chicken taco to be a bit too bitter, but the meat was tender and good. Enough salsa verde on top got the job done.$2 negra modelo on Sunday was a bonus.Certainly worth eating. Especially for $10.
5	Finally!!!! The strawberry salsa is back! Here you go, La Condesa, your 5th star!Thank you!
4	I came here because my coworkers were all talking about how good this place was. I also heard that they had shark tacos that my bf really wanted to try. The place is super small and kind of divey. They have a salsa bar for you to enjoy when you first sit down. The strawberry salsa was my favorite. Sweet but a little bit spicy. They definitely get you on the chips though because there are no free refills like most other places. Another basket of chips is almost $3. I got the chicken mole quesadilla. Their quesadillas are definitely not like your typical quesadilla. It's almost like a deep fried calzone. The portion is huge though, I could only eat half of it. My bf got one shark taco to try and it was kind of disappointing. It tasted like cod and there wasn't very much flavoring. The taco just came with a tiny bit of lettuce and some green sauce. We got the guacamole and it was delicious. They put raisins and some other fruit in it. At first it sounds strange but trust me, it's so good. Wish we saved some chips to eat with it since we ate most of it with the salsa. The service is friendly and the food came out pretty quick. I'm glad we tried it out but don't know if I would be dying to go back.
4	In a single word this place is... AWESOME!We were up in Phoenix on Wednesday afternoon and stumble upon this little gem right at the end of happy hour. Their happy hour tacos are delicious, especially the tinga tacos. SO GOOD.Helping ourselves to the fresh salsa bar was a blast. There are so many unique and yummy flavors up there. I think we tried 12 different salsa and absolutely loved four of them. (Not to say that we didn't like the other flavors.) We then went on to order the the shark, the mahi mahi, the mole and the pibil pork shoulder tacos. I can't say enough about these. The mole was tasty and rich. The pibil pork shoulder was sooooo good. The meat in that one had so much flavor and was just perfect. The shark taco was more like a shark taco with a LARGE side of more delicious shark. Seriously, too much shark for one taco. (Not that such a thing is a bad thing!) The mahi mahi taco was more like a scrumptious mahi mahi pizza. The portions for these tacos are more than enough to keep get you full by the end of the night!I really liked every little taste that this place offered up. Why isn't this a five star review? Honestly, the service isn't the greatest. It isn't bad service, it just isn't five star service. Seriously, I would over look this little point time and time again if I lived close to this place. The food is AWESOME. Seriously. Check this place out and you will leave full and happy!
3	As the name implies, it's an eatery that specialized in tacos and wide variety of salsas.  Among 5 of us, three ordered tacos and were pleased with the food, and two persons ordered the Quesa: La Condesa Mahi Mahi and Sonora Arrachera Quesa.  The quesa is like a jumbo empanada  made with corn flour dough then deep fried. We ordered it at the waitress recommendation.  I'm sure the soft corn flour dough makes it very hard to stay together during the frying process however the creation is way too doughy and heavy, with little filling. Nobody ordered burritos. If we come back again, I'd definitely recommend my friends/family to stay with the tacos.
2	I had heard about La Condesa from friends and wanted to try it. I went with a friend for dinner and had the chicken burrito and soft taco. My friend had another combo. Chips were great and liked the salsa choices, but was let down by the main meal. The burrito although tasty, was mostly meat. The soft taco was flavorful but nothing exciting. I have had better in Phoenix. My friend said his meal was served on the cold side a was a bit salty. Glad I tried La Condesa but will not go back.
4	Damn this place is GOOD. A family friend discovered it right after it opened, and I am always down to go there.Parking is a SOB, look for street parking because the lot in front of the place is always packed. Lunch time is out of control packed and the dining area is TINY so come at odd times for your best bet and shortest wait. Love the decor tho. Old school, giant wooden tables/chairs, giant local art. 20 salsas to choose from, ranging from pica de gallo to pistachio, you'll always find new ones to try. Tacos are quite good. Maybe a little pricey, but it's worth it. I always try something different because it's guaranteed to be tasty.
4	When you come here, the best thing you can do is order a plate of tacos, more tacos then you can comfortably eat (but you'll eat all of them, damn it) and build a fortress with the salsa cups.  There are so many different kinds of salsa here.  Just keep going back until you have a cup of each different kind and stack them so you create a barrier and no one can see you stuff your face with that delicious food.Don't be afraid to wipe with your sleeve, because no one will see you.... the wall of cups of salsa will be blocking you.  Eh?  See, I think ahead.
5	My co-worker walked in from lunch the other day with their horchata and I liked the bit I had so much I demanded to know where it was from. It took a bit for me to get used to the sheer number of salsas they had available, but once I got comfortable trying things (I was afraid I might burn my tongue off accidentally) I was hooked! I'd recommend the peanut salsa to anyone. It was some seriously good sauce.
4	Oh hells yes!  I had driven past this little gem several times and never really gave it much thought.  That is until a friend of mine invited me to join for a bite.Some may say this place is small, but I say it's quaint.  The menu is pretty big, lots of veggie options:)  I ordered the veggie burrito (mushrooms, spinach, cheese, rice,  etc.) and my friend ordered a few different types of tacos.  I was excited to see how amazing the salsa bar was!  I opted for a creamy cilantro sauce.  It totally kicked up my burrito!!  I could order that burrito each time and use a different salsa and never get bored!  The service was top notch and the prices were very reasonable.  Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!
5	This place just keeps getting better and better. They have updated their menu which now includes red and green chili. I tried the red chili and it was amazing and truly unique. Also, great margaritas! Still one of my favorite places!
4	My husband and I ate here for lunch this afternoon after reading the "Eating 16th Street" blog in the New Times :http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2012/08/la_condessa.php#moreWe went for a late Friday afternoon lunch and though the place is on the small side had no problem finding a seat. The decor is great, and the food truly was delicious. I tried three different "street tacos" and they were all wonderful - particularly the Al Carbon. My husband had the Azteca Tinga Burro and he also said it was very tasty. We also indulged in some "we earned it" margaritas and they came complete with grapefruit, lime, orange and lemon slices. I've never had it that way before and it was delicious. We will definitely be going back for more soon!
5	La Condesa is without a doubt one of the best Mexican establishments in all of Phoenix.  Their salsa bar is one of our favorite parts, with so many unique flavors to choose from and each one is delicious.  We have had everything from their tacos, burritos and quesadillas and all have been a hit and would certainly order again.  Besides the fact that the food is wonderful - so are the staff.  They are very efficient and easy-going.  They have great recommendations and work very hard.
4	Oh, I dream about the salsas here... I love all the different combinations, and could very easily make a meal with those alone. Love the tacos and the horchata as well.
5	It's been almost 11 hours and darn it if I'm not still thinking about that mahimahi burrito. So fresh. So tasty with the various salsas. So awesome that it's just down the street and I can come here whenever I want and spend WAY too much time choosing the salsas I think would best compliment my meal. It just don't get much better than La Condesa, and that's coming from me, and me has a pretty serious taco/burrito issue, as in I always want them and I always want them.
5	The best horchata and salsa bar ever!! When you come here, you have to try the horchata, unique and oh so tasty. Also, I'm a salsa lover, I love to make it, I love to indulge in it, salsa is my middle name.  So when I come here, its always the best part of the meal. My favorite is the pecan salsa, so creamy and not what you would expect a pecan salsa to taste like.  The burritos are delicious as well and I've had the tacos too, everything is so eye appealing as well as tasty! I wish the restaurant was a bit roomier, but it stays consistent in the number of people coming in and doesn't get overcrowded. I wouldn't recommend to big parties. But overall I love this place and recommend you try it out.
4	I'm not a fan of what's annoyingly referred to as "Tex-Mex" food, at all. It gives me the idea of pseudo-not-fast-food like Moe's, or lame cantinas, run by people whose ancestors probably couldn't pronounce "cantina," that cater to the effete-minded "Margaritaville" crowd.My wife, however, was attracted to the outside decor and lured in by the "gourmet" in the name.Welp, folks, let me tell you: I'm really glad I went in this place. Their big advertisement is that they want to turn the tide of opinion on Mexican food/Tex Mex whatever from one of greasy, unhealthful junk to tasteful and thoughtfully-prepared fare- to the end of the latter, they did their due on me!The woman and I had their take on quesadillas, which weren't the usual stupid flat flour tortilla cheese sandwiches with a pile o' salt and a not-pile of meat. In fact, these guys were made from homemade corn tortillas, deep fried (though not doused in grease) and filled well with your menu choice (In my case, al pastor; the wife got mahi-mahi). Folded over like a calzone and topped lightly with cojita sour cream, these guys are filled with flavor- flavor I've not experienced at any other Mexican joint in this city. The light crispiness of the tortilla really drives it home, and the quesadilla in all makes me think more of "tamale grande" than what you would classify as a quesadilla. (again, a boring flat cheese sandwich).The price is kind of high; and while the portion is not *big* big as if you might get from a typical Mexican restaurant around here, let me tell you pals: It's well worth it.Can't wait to try some new things here, sometime. In the meantime, go and try a quesadilla if you want to be flavor-blasted for the first time in Phoenix.
5	We came here on December 23rd, after failing to find a local kebab store that was open.  I remembered the amazing mosaic sculpture and told my buddy, let's try the place with the big Dia de los Muertos lady on the front....and we did.  The Mayan taco was ....well...to use the term orgasmic would be both an understatement and a poor use of the word.  I took my parents there 4 days later and had a similar experience. My dream dinner there is to have many friends, many hours, many many tacos, and many beers or margaritas.  I am impressed with the food quality, but haven't had the beans or rice, I figure why?  They have tacos.  Also, impressive salsa bar with a pink radish salsa that I wanted to drink out of the bowl.  Yes, this is a hedonistic review, but I had a hedonistic time.  Go eat here.  They must never go out of business.
4	Loved the salsa bar with all kinds of fresh and unique salsas! Pecan, Jicama, Peanut, and Radish to name a few and I'm not usually a fan of tomatillo but it was really good. I had the steak and the black chicken mole tacos- the steak was on the dry side and lacked flavor but the salsa helped kick it up the few notches to where it needed to be. The space is small and tight, but with a cool modern Mexican decor. It looks like there is room to expand which I hope they get around to soon. We went for lunch and it was crowded and cramped. Service was good and attentive.
3	Tacos and salsas were good, but the quesadilla we were not fans of.  It was too bland and the deep fried corn shell wasn't that good.
2	La Condesa, I give up on you. We try and try to excuse the terrible service, but no more. It's not worth it. It's too slow and inattentive and they just don't give a damn, so I'll take my $33 elsewhere.This time we were disappointed by the food, too. We returned our horchata for being too thin and tasteless, and you brought us new ones after we finished eating. You drizzled a pretty crema all over the top of my torta (sorry, lonche). How do I pick it up and eat it? In the past we forgave the dirty tables and loudness because your cochinita pibil was pure bliss. But not even that makes up for the service. :(
3	Dear Condesa,I wish you had a few more vegetarian items, and that you didn't get all persnickety and confusing about the whole torta/lonche thing, because that led me into an ordering error. However, bygones. While I didn't love my veggie lonche, it was obviously very fresh and prepared with care. Also, please refill the salsa bar more frequently so that I won't be tempted to get too much of the really spicy ones and burn the he** out of my mouth. And put more tequila in the (non-happy hour) margaritas. Thank you!Amalia C.P.S. Your chairs are too heavy.P.P.S. In reflection, maybe this was more of a 2-star for me personally but my husband really liked his street al pastor and carne asada taco plato and again, it all seemed fresh. So I bumped you up. You're welcome!
4	My friends love this place (seriously one of them has gone there like 10 times within a few months) and I have to say, it was pretty good. I love their salsas. There is this one, I can't remember the name of it, but it was so delicious.  If I remember correctly, The peanut one was not tasty at all. Their tacos was unique and tasty. I also got a burrito, it was good too. It is a little pricey, $$ for sure.
4	Not sure if I agree about them having the best salsa in PHX but everything was pretty good and there were many salas to chose from. If your in the area I would definitely recommend it but, not really worth a long drive.
3	Lunch at the bar on Sunday.Best Salsa: Chipotle and Tomatillo - the traditional ones are the best. I also liked the cabbage and jicama varieties. Peanut, pecan and others were more like dressing than salsa. Pico was tasty too.Tacos: Chicken Mole was great, sauce was not spicy, but this taco sticks to your ribs.              Carne Asada - had fatty pieces and chunks. Picked through this one.Beans/Rice - Did enjoy the beans, free chips and rice wasn't really Mexican, but more white with veggies. Horchata - Glorious beverage here. First horchata I had to use a spoon for to get all the fruit and nuts out from the murky cinnamon depths.Price: Two tacos platter for almost $10. wanted crispy shells, but only corn here. Horchata is 4 bucks so price can be $20 for one person almost.
5	BEST HORCHATA EVER!  I've never liked horchata, but I was told this was the best of the best and I absolutely had to try it.  So, I did and I am SO glad that I did.  I would go back for the horchata alone.  Amazing.  I'm already planning a trip back just for the horchata!I get the 3 street taco combo with rice and beans.  I've had the carne asada, al pastor and cochinita.  The carne asada was delicious and the cochinita was good, but my absolute favorite was the al pastor.  It's the best al pastor taco I've ever had!The salsa bar is awesome.  My favorite is the tomatillo and my friend loved the chipotle.  It has something for everything and it's all fresh.All in all - a great little place (emphasis on little - probably not great for a large ground of people).  The food is authentic and very, very good - I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong here.
5	Stunning variety of fresh salsas that cover the spectrum from salsa fresco to a cabbage salsa (the night that we were there) and it is my understanding that the salsas are created daily and vary from day to day.While the salsa selection is incredible, I was encouraged to order an Aztec Tinga Taco. While I enjoy slathering salsa on virtually any Mexican food offering, I found that the Aztec Tinga Taco was so perfectly seasoned that it require no additional seasoning. Perfect.Can't wait to go back again.
5	I discovered this place on a whim when we were driving around central Phoenix a few weeks ago. It had a cool Dia de los Muertos skull on the sign and I thought someone had told me about it so we stopped in for a weekend lunch. Our server was super nice and explained about their awesome salsa bar as everyone else here has commented on. I loved the chipotle tomatillo salsa, while my husband preferred the pico de gallo and my daughter (who is 2) could not get enough of the creamy cilantro one. I had the Condesa special tacos which were awesome, especially when topped with some of that chipotle tomatillo salsa. What was really outstanding though was the horchata. So outstanding that after finishing mine in the restaurant, I ordered another one to go. It's not like any horchata that I've ever had before as it was kind of light brown in color and had lots of chopped up fruit and nuts in it. I would go back just for the horchata!
5	I have only been here for brunch, but can't wait to try lunch or dinner on for size!  We were the first table in on Sunday and were greeted right away by our server and felt at home with its cozy interior.  It's a small place but has lots of character with the heavy solid wood and wrought iron furniture.  Love the Dia de Los Muertos art and heavy wood bar with cowhide bar stools and authentic Mexican glassware.We sampled quite a few of the salsas at the salsa bar and there is a little something for everyone including those that can't take a lot of spice.  This is a big plus for us since our family has spice tolerances from 1 to 10+.What was on our menu? we tried the divorced eggs (which I added avacado), black mole chilaquiles with chicken, and an egg scramble with side of bacon; all of which were served with black beans.... Delicious and full of flavor! I'll have to post the brunch menu next time since it is not currently on their website.Each of us would order the same thing again, but so want to try the other items of delicousness on their menu.I guess we will have to make La Condesa a staple on our restaurant list!
5	The tacos are $4 a pop (I guess that's why they call themselves a "gourmet" taco shop), but they're worth every cent. I came here twice and tried much of the taco menu. My favorites were: cabo shrimp, fish, mayan pibil, arrachera and guacho. This place has the best salsa bar I've found in Phoenix so far, too. Great house margarita as well!
4	I can (and sometimes do) eat here two or more times a week. Their salsa bar is the best (pecan, mexicana, cilantro are my favorite -- I still haven't tried their strawberry salsa everyone raves about as it's not in season). Their veggie burrito is the most amazing I've ever had anywhere. No, seriously. It's true. Now they even offer a vegan version, but that Oaxacan cheese is too good to pass up. My meat eating friends love this place, too. I'd give them 5 stars, but their service is a bit slow and you may need to fill up your own water glass or go up front to pay your bill.
5	The only semblance of a complaint I can muster is that the restaurant is SO small, it can fill up in minutes, and you'll find yourself scooting sideways between chairs to get to that delicious damn salsa bar. It's so good, I'm not even minus-ing a star for the crowdedness. Honestly it adds to the charm and intimate atmosphere of the place. The food is out of this world. Phoenix's absolute best Mexican food, as far as I'm concerned.
5	Great staff and wonderful food, This place hits the spot.
5	The salsas in the salsa bar are uncommon and exciting, but satisfying, without filling you up. This is great way to start the meal.There are many favorite tacos of mine at this place. Cochinita Pibil is a must.Beer-battered seafood tacos, whatever the kind, are always a success.Whether you drink booze or not, you will be happy beverage-wise (Horchata with fruit/nuts! Strong Margaritas!)Go there!
3	Aargh - the two reasons I come are the two reasons I can't give this place what could be it's due worth.  I came specifically to try their salsas and their horchata.  Unfortunately I never really got to try either b/c they had run out pretty much out of all of it.  Probably a good sign that they are busy and popular but at the same time, a big disappointment.  I tried their two taco plate.  The cochinita pibil and veggie tacos.  Both were ok.  The beans were ok but not nearly as good as America's homemade beans.  The rice was like everyone said - not your typical mexican rice.  Not bad though.  Apparently they were so busy they could barely keep up with "supply".  The salsa bar was pretty dismal.  They had just a little of the cilantro and peanut one.  Horchata was all out.   I'm disappointed that I missed out but at least it's a good sign that they are the place to go.  Will definitely be back to hopefully try again.TIP: If you are coming at night, be very careful.  It was really dark and there weren't any real lighted signs.  I could barely see it so it's easy to pass it.
3	They claimed to have mighty good horchata!!The Horchata was indeed great!! :) I liked It! But not the best in my opinion, no place like Mexico could ever offer amazing Horchata to me thus far, nothing like the one's you'll find at street taco stands late at night in places like Cuernavaca, Chihuahua, Mexico city and or Acapulco! _ Anyways, coming back to La Condesa this place is super tiny, and should consider expanding to make it a bit more comfy, just my opinion! The taco platter I had included the Carne Asada , Pacific Fish and Cochinita Pibil taco. All three were okay, and just okay. The rice and bean were also A-ok, nothing too extravagant nor elaborate. I really think this taco shop could do better, they have the potential to, like their amazing salsa bar is a huge kudos to consider, and the staff too so you got that down Condesa, Keep up the good work and plenty of room for improvement if you care to know!
4	Of the countless Mexican restaurants in Phoenix, it's hard to find one with an authenticity to it that brings back memories of Mexico City. Fortunately, La Condesa, an excellent taco shop in an unlikely location, succeeds. The first time I went there, I wasn't quite sure what to expect, as I had been recommended numerous times by family members and friends. What I noticed immediately was the eclectic selection of homemade salsas. From smoky peanut sauce to deliciously sweet avocado salsa, Condesa has just about everything a chips & salsa lover could imagine. As for the chips themselves, they're actually warm and delicious even when not dipped in one of the many salsas offered. Condesa makes you believe that the chips are being made in the kitchen right before they bring them to your table, even if this isn't the case.The restaurant's atmosphere perfectly matches the food, with excellent music playing at all times and fascinating art adorning every wall of the room. Based mostly off of classic Mexican art and architecture, La Condesa is beautiful to look at it if you decide to dine alone. Even if you are with friends or family, the many art pieces hung around the room will surely spark a conversation; they're all gorgeous and full of Mexican history.For the main course, I had a Veggie Burrito with a side of rice and refried beans. Just about everything was absolutely delicious, and pouring a little bit of salsa on it made it even tastier. The beans weren't very full of flavor but were definitely enjoyable especially when eaten with the rice and burrito. Since my first visit, I've tried a variety of foods at Condesa but my favorite so far has to be the Shark Meat Burrito. Before trying it there I had never eaten shark meat before and always wondered what it could taste like. To my surprise, it was actually delicious and made for the perfect filling to an already delicious burrito filled with mushrooms, spinach, melted cheese, and garlic.To drink I only had a pink lemonade, but the person I came with had Condesa's famous Horchata. While I'm used to the delicious and legendary Horchata from Mexico, I did enjoy the Horchata at Condesa, even if it wasn't as perfect as some of the more authentic renditions that I've tried over the past couple of years. The fountain drinks are served in large cups, the kinds that you see in gas stations directly off the freeway, complete with a plastic lid and straw. Of course, the presentation wasn't anything fancy, but the cup is so large that needing a refill is unlikely, something I enjoyed (especially when the place is extremely busy, making it near impossible to get speedy service).This brings me to my final, and only entirely negative, point. Where Condesa is lacking is in the service. While all the servers are very nice and accommodating, the food has a tendency to take a while to get to the table, especially if the restaurant is busy. With room for about 20 or 30 people at the very most, Condesa is a small restaurant, one that operates with a maximum wait staff of about three at all times. The best advice I can give you is to take your trip to Condesa before the lunch rush, or before the dinner rush. The enjoyable experience of the food and atmosphere will be quickly deflated once the restaurant reaches 65% capacity or more. The tables are far too close together and eavesdropping on another group's dinner conversation is entirely unavoidable. It's best to not come with massive groups, as the restaurant prides itself on its intimacy. Anyone looking to try authentic Mexican food should come to Condesa immediately. While I'm one to enjoy places like Filiberto's almost any day of the week, the experience you'll have at Condesa is one that few other restaurants in Phoenix can offer. The prices aren't extremely high, and the food is worth every penny.
4	I love this place. The Pecan Salsa alone is enough to keep me coming back. The Horchata is divine and the brunch offerings are filling and hearty. We shared a Traditional (Cheese) Queso which was filled to the brim with Oaxaca cheese. It was not one of those flat Quesos you find at most places. It looked more like a turnover with it's flaky tortilla dough. We each had a burro and should have split one as they were enough for a meal by themselves. We noticed their Happy Hour Street Taco deal right after ordering so that will have to wait for another visit. Pecan Salsa oh how I love you.
2	"Oh wow, what did I get myself into?" was all I thought as I pulled up to La Condesa.  I'm not familiar with Phoenix or the surrounding neighborhoods, so I was a little taken aback at first.  The business looks like an old house, as most of the businesses in the area do, i noticed lots of bars on the windows, and the majority of the business signs in the area were in Spanish.  THE ONLY reason I noticed this is because I'm unfamiliar with Phoenix and was traveling alone.First impression, the restaurant is tiny! I would say that at capacity, the restaurant is pretty loud and I had a difficult time hearing my server. The tables were very close together, all the chairs were mismatched, and the lighting was really dim.  It was very difficult to get to the back of the restaurant where they put the salsa bar.  The house margaritas were made with fresh grapefruit and lime, and that was perfect for me. Unfortunately, the food wasn't as good.  I had the shrimp burro, and it was really sloppy.  It melted out of the sleeve and fell apart while I was trying to eat it.  Plus, some of the tails were left on the shrimp... let me tell you about shocking!The service was sub-par, in my opinion.  My server was inattentive and didn't ask how my food was.  I had to flag down the server like an air traffic controller in order to get my bill, and it took a while to get my bill back.  This one is not a revisit for me.
5	The salsa bar IS the best in phoenix. Just tried the Napoleon taco made with filet mignon: loved the sauce with mushrooms and crunchy onions, as good as what you would find in a fine dining restaurant. This will be my new favorite along with the cabo shrimp taco: big fresh and juicy shrimp fried to perfection! I also love their quesadillas...not like anything you would get anywhere else.
5	Beau and I enjoyed a burrito and fried tortilla with chicken mole this past weekend. Ate late and avoided the dinner rush - there will be one for many a nite! Loved, loved the tasty salsa bar and down home service. Thank you La Condesa.
4	Love the salsa bar. 15 varieties. Street tacos rock.
4	La Condesa not only has two of my favorite tacos The Baja Sur Shark Taco, and The Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Taco but the hole in the wall feeling you can't get a chain place. The seating is community style with large tables and smaller ones. It's a little tight space wise but it works for the style of the restaurant. Prices are reasonable, food quality is great, and they have one of the best if not the best salsa bars I've ever experienced. There's also a full bar for those that drink.This place is awesome and I love that I can support local business while getting my grub on!
5	I can't get enough of this place. I consider myself a bit of a taco fan and this place keeps me happy! Also the salsa bar is pretty creative. Only complaints are if you order their amazing horchata, it only comes in one size which is a bucket and the other complaint is they only provide 1 small basket of chips per table, any more will cost ya like $2!?! Forget the chips and spend that on another taco!!
5	The salsa bar is worth writing sonnets about. Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco with cilantro salsa might be the only thing I eat for the rest of my life.
4	Item's tasted include.Free Chips and Salsa Bar - options including Chipotle, Pico de Gailo, Robano Pibil, Peanut, Jicama, Pecan, Soy, etc.Baja Sur Shark Taco - Corn Tortilla with Beer Battered Wild Dogfish and lettuce with cilantro mayoCabo Shrimp Taco with Beer Battered Wild Tiger Shrimp and cilantro mayo, jicamaMayan Cochinita Pibil Taco - Roasted Pork Shoulder with Achiote Rojo slow cooked in banana leaves topped with lime marinated onions and salsa habanera mayoOaxacan Black Mole Chicken Taco - Spices, Chiles, Nuts, and ChocolateRealizing that an inordinate portion of our travel west, from the Port Fonda experience at Greendirt Farm outside of Kansas City to The Shed and Salsa Brava, had focused on Mexican food I couldn't help but pass by La Condessa while my mother was in town for tacos and although I know some in Phoenix may claim the space is not "authentic" enough for them (from what I've gathered, according to some locals you need to have questionable evaluations from the Health Department to be legit) I can say without a doubt that although I've not been south of the border, these are the best tacos I've ever tasted.Beginning first with another free chips-and-salsa-bar stocked with a baker's dozen of house-made salsas and sauces paired with slightly salted, almost greaseless, and pleasantly warm tortilla chips and moving on to the four tacos featuring local produce and fresh proteins on (unfortunately not house made) imported flour tortillas I particularly enjoyed the crunchy texture and delicate flavors of the shrimp taco while the bright acidity of the pork shoulder and smoky spice of the chicken taco both worked nicely as well.  Perhaps not as regional as some taco stands (or trucks) and instead choosing to focus on the depth and breadth of Mexican cuisine from coast to coast I'm sure the is "better" or "more authentic" cuisine to be found both here and over the border, but thus far I've not experienced it (outside of the vastly more upscale, expensive, and certainly less authentic Distrito.)
3	Food - OK. Had cochinita pibil tacos with beans and rice. I found bone and thhe flavor wasn't all that great. Husband had a quesadilla - way too greasy. Napkins couldn't soak up the grease fast enough. Salsas available, because some were empty were quite tasty.Ambient- sound bounced of the walls and couldn't really have a talk with out contributing to the already loud room. Lighting not great. Beautiful mexican culture inspired art. Loved it.Service- not good. Sat us down and then disappeared had to stop them and ask any of the employees to put in our order, refills, and our check. The worst part was... there wasn't that many people.Other- loved there terra cota plates. Cups were paper cups, and they had nice silver wear. Couldn't figure out whether it was nice dinner restaurant or just a dive.
4	The Chicken Mole tacos are phenomenalThe salsa bar is the best I've ever had.  By far.La Condesa is a must try.....then you will be back...- M
5	Love the idea of a salsa bar.  The three I had  were all good.   The Norteno burrito with red chillies, beans and pork was best burrito I have ever eaten.
5	It doesn't look like much from the outside but the food is outstanding, and it's a great place for lunch. It offers free chips and a salsa bar, and the hardest part was limiting myself to just a few salsas. The 3 I had were great. Chicken mole torta (though they don't call it a torta) is rich and tasty, just right. I'm glad they offered a Groupon; I'll be back.
5	Cochinito tacos are so tender and tasty!!  Not your run of the mill Mexican.  This pleasures the palate!! Unique and fantastic.  I will be making the drive to La Condesa again!
5	Had lunch with a friend of mine after dress shopping and this is officially one of my best taco spots in town. I've struggled in finding an authentic taco place in Phoenix since I moved from Mexico (ironic, considering the amount of Mexicans living here), but I found it! The salsa bar is my favorite part, but try the shrimp tacos, the gaucho taco and the maya taco, you won't regret it. No sour cream or cheddar cheese non-sense here! Pure authentic Mexican fare (I lived in Mexico for 27 years, I know what I'm talking about!) Make sure you're here early, lunch time is packed, but is totally worth the wait.  Tip: It's easier to park around the corner.
5	As many close to me know, I hold Carolina's in very high regards as it is cheap and delicious and I have claimed many a time that it is my all-time favorite. However, until I tried La Condesa, I had no idea what the hell I was talking about. La Condesa Gourmet Taco Shop has surpassed Carolina's - nay - EVERY restaurant I have ever known. I write to you with a mind blown and blurry with recent memories of an unreal salsa bar and horchata topped with pecans, melon, strawberries, and cinnamon...  I can die happy.
4	I keep coming back because the I simply love their tacos. I'm pescatarian (seafood only, no other meat), but I've shared meals here with vegetarians  and my dining guests always say they plan to come back. I love the veggie taco and the vegan option, and usually pair one of them with either a shrimp or mahi mahi. Always delicious (and, of course, the salsa bar if great!)
5	I still love this place. A lot. Perhaps even more so now that I can walk there from my apartment. One thing I forgot to mention in my last review is their fantastic margaritas, which have squeezes from fresh orange or grapefruit, pack a punch and are very cheap ($6) for the size. I know I said I'm not much of a "regular," but La Condesa has made me one. Spectacular.
5	Incredible. The salsa bar is amazing!
5	The very best tacos in town. The Aztec Tinga is fantastic...but the real star of the show is the Napoleon taco. Also fantastic are the quesadillas...and they will forever change the way you think about them. You'll never order a quesadilla from Taco Bell ever again. You've been warned. THESE quesas are puff pastries filled with gorgeous things, and then topped with Mexican sour cream. Also check out their salsa bar. Too many to choose from; and there are no wrong choices to make.Run to La Condesa. Run past every other mediocre Mexican restaurant to get here because THIS place is the real deal.
3	It's nice and spicy with hand-hewn wood decor and interesting recipes and salsas, but after two visits I have to say it's just not all that fabulous.The tortillas are factory, not freshly made.The salsa bar has a lot of options, but nothing on the bar stood out as much better than anything you'd find on Baja Fresh's salsa bar.Service was confusing and wait staff was confused. Transition from counter service to table service after the lunch hour wasn't handled well. I was seated and given a menu but no one took my order, so I ordered and paid at the counter. Then at the end of the meal, other waiters kept asking if I wanted to pay my check.La Condesa is good enough, but I'm not impressed.
5	I love this restaurant. It can sometimes be difficult to find solid mexican food, but this place nails it, bringing dishes from various regions in mexico, but mostly central and southern. The salsa bar is fun, it is great to find a dish you like and experiment with new salsas.The negative of the place is also its charm, but it is small and usually very busy, so expect a 10-15 minute wait. My favorites are the burritos, with a grapefruit margarita.
5	Best shrimp tacos around!
5	Thanks to Yelp I discovered this Amazing  Taco gem on the way to a meeting down town. La Condesa has a great salsa bar. The margaritas are tasty too!Love the selection of tacos on the menu. The tacos were so delicious that when I started eating, I texted my husband to go there on his way home from work. Luckily he made it there before I had to take off to my meeting, and agrees, the food is amazing. The carnitas is my favorite. I cannot wait  to go again.
5	Delicious food. I am obsessed with their salsa, yum! Also they have an awesome happy hour.
5	This is my FAVORITE taco shop! Every salsa is unique and delicious. Margaritas are some of the best I've ever had out - not too sweet, yummy citrus pulp for flavor. Amazing horchata. Beautiful artwork. Kind of small inside so you may have to come at a slightly odd hour to be sure you get a seat. Oh! I almost forgot about the guacamole! Very fresh and very tasty!
3	Visited here today for lunch for the first time. I was pretty excited about a salsa bar since I've never been to one and my last meal would definitely include chips and salsa. The rave reviews on Yelp won me over so I decided to recommend this place to a friend so we could meet up for lunch.Luckily I snagged a spot right out front at 1pm but I'm not sure where the additional parking was? Upon entering, the place has some cute decor but it was a little startling to walk in and see that it's pretty small inside and it was busy. With no hostest stand, I immediately had that, 'deer in headlights look' about what to do and where to go but I was recognized when I walked in within a few seconds and luckily there was a table for two open. While I was recognized and that was a relief, I wasn't greeted per say but was just asked if there would only be one for lunch. I said I was waiting for a friend so luckily they sat me without her being there. The water came around and gave me small plastic Solo cup full for water and menus. I've never seen solo cups like this in a restaurant? Maybe it's for the lunch crowd? I noticed all the other tables had larger drinks, also in plastic cups, so maybe it was just for your drinks to go?Anyway, my friend arrived a few minutes later and after we got caught up on our week and looked over the menu, I had to flag down our waiter to order. I attempted to order the grapefruit margarita that I had heard rave reviews about but the waiter didn't understand 'Grapefruit Margarita' and offered some fruity one with melon and something else. When I confirmed that it didn't have grapefruit and he offered another one, again without grapefruit, I opted just to forget it and drink the water. I figured I would fill up on chips and salsa so I went with two al la cart tacos. My friend ordered a mahi mahi bowl. I was pretty impressed with their chips, not overly thick like some places and pretty light and the the 6-7 salsas we tried were mostly good. I wasn't aware there was a need for peanut salsa? It was definitely different but not something I needed to try twice. My favorites were the creamy white one (can't remember the name) and the strawberry salsa one. You go help yourself to the salsa bar once they bring the chips but it looked like you had to pay extra for an extra bowl of chips since they were on their special of the day board for $2. Also, the salsa bar had small dipping cups to eat the salsa. They're about the size of the to-go dressing cups you get in other restaurants but not quite as deep. Again, they were plastic so it kinda took away from the overall feel of the meal. I'm all for convenience and I know this probably cuts down on the customers filling up larger containers and wasting salsa...and doing dishes...but I would think there has to be a more environmentally and more aesthetic way to do this? Granted, this is no fancy Mexican place but they seemed to put effort in the decor so maybe that's where they spent all their money on rather than real dishes? It definitely did discourage me from going back for seconds though so maybe that was their goal?Our food came and both my tacos were really good. The presentation was nice, no plastic there! The tortillas were fresh and all ingredients seemed quality. My friend said her dish was really good and she got a really big portion. We enjoyed our meal but our waiter never returned. A young kid, maybe 8 or 10, came over and asked to take our plates and he asked if there was anything else we needed. I requested the bill thinking he would tell our waiter that we were ready for the check. I'm guessing this is a family owned place so I understand everyone pitching in but the kid then delivered our check and then took our credit cards to pay for the bill! Our waiter was standing back at the register, almost watching over him though, but I still wasn't overly eager about handing over my card to such a young kid. He was at least faster than our waiter though so I guess it was okay.I really don't mean to harp on this place because the food was good. Just a few more things done differently and I could see this being a go-to spot for me. For now, it doesn't top my list of places I have to come back to soon.
5	Veggie Burro + Salsa Sesame = Heaven. Salsa Chipotle is a close second
5	Had a Groupon - went there today...  It was fantastic!  I had the Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Taco plate. Loved it!  I normally don't order rice and beans but since It was my first time visiting here, I did get them.  The beans had a nice flavor and they were moist enough to dip my chips in and eat that way.  The rice had bits of corn and cilantro and was very flavorful.  The salsa bar was also delicious with several options to choose from, including a strawberry salsa that was very nice for the sweltering Phoenix summer day.  I liked La Condesa so much, I bought another Groupon while eating my lunch!  :)
5	This place is amazing! I love their salsa bar and the quaint environment. They don't skimp on the serving sizes either. The tacos always have large portions of meat and fixings. It's one of my favorite places to take out of town visitors. They are always impressed and satisfied. Oh, and the horchata is the best I've ever had. Yes!
4	I really like La Condesa.  What stands out is the variety of fresh salsas on their salsa bar, and the great variety of tacos to choose from. I've had the shrimp, and a couple of different versions of their steak tacos.  I've also had the mole chicken, which was great as well.Service can be a little sketchy here, mostly because they're often very busy.  But if you're in the area, it's a great place to try.
4	Another hidden treasure in the valley of the sun. I went there for lunch and it was packed,  food was great as always.
5	Hands down my favorite mexican place of all time! Big cheesy chimis, huge burritos and tacos with the tastiest mexican fillings. My favorite is the Mayan Cochinita Pibil, so good Johnny Depp would've shot him dead in Once Upon a Time in Mexico! haha Seriously so good, plus they give you chips with endless salsa! My secret is to mix the spicy green salsa with the creamy cilantro! I love this restaurant so much I would marry it! lol
4	Totally worth the crappy parking situation here! My girlfriend and I came in on random weeknight for early dinner and the place was already full. Wow! Could be due to the limited seating or maybe because the food is terrific. Both? Likely. Chips arrived promptly straight from the oil pan - nice and toasty. And we helped ourselves to the salsa bar - which is completely fresh, creative, and whets your palette at the get-go! We loved the cilantro salsa and salsa mexicana the best. Zesty! The servers were quick to take our order despite being busy and minutes later my tacos de arrachera arrived. Sooo good! I mean. Wow! Meat was tender and juicy ....and the combination of spices and flavors was heaven. My friend ordered the Condesa specialty taco. Another winning ticket! Condesa has nailed the right way to make beans too. And..don't get me started on the deliciousness of the horchata. I've had me some horchata many places ..but this really rocked my world. Rocked it! Condesa, I have just two requests: Please do something about the sitting area so we can actually fit in this place. Also, please don't be out of flan next time I come in! Thanks!
4	Pleasantly surprised at what i found after walking through the doors. Yum. I underestimated the 2 taco plate size and got two additional street tacos (happy hour 3-6 m-f), leaving me stuffed.  The fried shark was great - awesome crunch with perfect texture while not being fishy. I've had better mole but it's worth the try if you've never had it. Carne asada and cochinita were also good.  Experiment with the different salsas to make each bite different.  This place is not cheap for tacos but def worth the groupon when available.  Good luck parking in front if it's busy.
5	Hands down one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. With a few exceptions, I've tried most of the menu and I can say that everything is superb. The quesadillas have a hand-made corn tortilla that is almost like a pastry. Whether it's filled with al pastor or arrachera steak, it will not disappoint. The cochinita pibil and chicken tinga are also do-not-miss items. The fresh salsa bar has some very unique and delicious offerings, in particular the pecan, strawberry, and chile de arbol salsas.The service is always super friendly and the decor is very inviting. I sincerely look forward to enjoying La Condesa for years to come!
5	From my experience up to this point this place is hands down the best taco shop in PHX.  The salsa bar is awesome with a ton of options and their street tacos along with the gourmet tacos are great.
5	Yet another eatery I've put off trying for way too long! With a name that doesn't dissapoint this gourmet taco shop is appealing on the outside, and warm and welcoming on the inside. Seating is tight and scarce, so arrive early and be prepared to make new friends. My favorite part about this place aside from the food, is the salsa bar... who knew that many salsas even existed? I ordered the El Gaucho burro, packed full of marinated steak, then topped with avocado, cucumber, and chimichurri sauce which gave the burrito a crisp flavor. I then proceeded to drench it in chipotle salsa from the salsa bar! The horchata here is to die for, made fresh and topped with walnuts and sliced fruit! For the price, you'll be hardpressed to find an authentic Mexican meal this good anywhere else!
5	I was tipped off about this place for their fish tacos and salsa bar. I was expecting a divey taco joint but was pleasantly surprised with their old-world style decor: wooden floors and tables, heavy metal chairs, Mexican-inspired art, hand-made pottery plates with their name painted on, and the wooden bar all added a cool vibe to the place, albeit small. Space is very limited and most of their tables accommodate 2 persons. We watched several couples who walked in after us, get seated before us as we were waiting for two tables to open up in order to be able to seat our party of four. A basket of chips was brought over immediately and you can then go up to their salsa bar and sample as many as you like. The variety is amazing and it's fun to try so many different types ranging from very spicy to slightly sweet. The menu looks good all around. Tacos, burrito-bowls, tortas which they call lortas, etc. You can order a la carte or as a meal with rice and beans. We opted for the tacos and I tried the vegan, the veggie, and the dogfish shark. I ordered three expecting them to be really small, but I was only able to finish about two! All three were delicious and fresh tasting. Can't wait to go back and sample a few other menu items!Service was polite, and prompt. I love that they leave a bottle of water on your table for you so we never had to wait for more refills.
5	we love fish tacos, but find it hard to find good, "authentic" ones near our house without paying scottsdale prices. i've heard of La Condesa, but since it's out of our "circle of convenient driving distance" we never think of it. thanks to the wife, we were all set to meet some friends here last night. we first noticed that is an actual sit-down restaurant. i assumed with all the hype, it would be a grungy, post-soviet area looking eatery (re: carolina's), but no....it was nice inside, replete with some beautiful dia de los muertos paintings. we had to wait about 30 minutes for a table to open up. once seated, we were brought a jug of water and some chips. then the fun began! trying out each one of the approx 15 salsa's at their salsa bar. i liked many of them, but wound up going back to the traditional salsa and pico. of note, the cilantro, pecan, and strawberry salsa's were good, but only for a few dips. i ordered one each of the shark, the shrimp, and the veggie tacos. they are small but packed with flavor. so juicy, they come stacked on 2 small corn tortillas. i actually savored the veggie and the shrimp instead of wolfing them down. both very tasty with that mexican sauce they put on them, and the fried shrimp were perfect...not caked in batter, but just a light dusting. i didn't get to the shark ones because i was so full, so it's in our fridge waiting to be eaten. i also ordered a margarita...it was rather delicious!there are so many choices of tacos, burritos (with/without the tortilla) and fajitas...and several for veg heads. it's difficult to pick 2...which is why we must definitely go back!!!!!
5	Love this place! Not super close to my house but always worth the drive, or a fun place to stop by if I'm headed to the Ranch Market. You have to be looking for it because it's in a tiny strip mall and could be easily passed up. I love the decorations inside it's Dia de los Muertos themed and all the art work is super cool. They have a salsa bar with tons of different salsas you can try out which is fun and gives you a good variety of spice and flavors (try the strawberry one!). All of the tacos I've had have been delicious but if you do get the plate with 2 tacos and rice and beans you're going to be really full or have half of your plate to take home. I haven't been for the happy hour tacos or whatever it is so I will have to make it by 6 one day for the deal. Highly recommend this place.
5	I have been here twice now and both visits were great. I love the Salsa Bar they have with fresh homemade salsas. Both visits I ordered Taco plates. I have had the Tinga Chicken and the Carne Asada. The Chicken was much better. I have also had the mahi taco and a shrimp taco. Those were amazing. Their Horchata is delicious as well as their rice and beans that accompany their Taco Plates. I highly recommend this place. I hear their margaritas are great too. I will be back.......many more times.
4	i reallllly need to come here more often. this is definitely a little gem of a mexican restaurant that fires on all cylinders. the restaurant itself is adorable-i love all the awesome dia de los muertos paintings on the walls and the unique decor. while it isn't in the greatest neighborhood, you'd have no idea once you walked inside.  the salsa bar! oh my god, i don't even know where to start with how amazing this thing is.  i am a huge salsa fan (wouldn't mind eating it with every meal, or as a meal, whatever) and i've never known of a restaurant to have so many options! i could literally come here and only eat chips and salsa for hours and never get bored because of all the choices! horchata! they put an interesting spin on the horchata by adding pecans and fresh fruit to it.  i thought this might be weird since i've never had it that way, but it was totally delicious and refreshing.  food! the menu is packed with delicious items that have some unbelievable flavors.  i recommend the carne asada burrito or the bullet (bean and cheese).  i'll be coming back soon!
4	Nice small restaurant for street tacos. Had the carne asado tacos which are fresh and tasty.The thing that stands out here is the salsa bar with the different varieties of salsa to choose from. Fresh and home made with a great opportunity to experiment and sample all kinds.Very small place with old tables and dawn of the dead motif if that is your thing. Service is good but they dont have much to do with you. The parking is limited and may need to park along a side street.You order at the counter and they bring the food to you. Simple and easyRecommend to try their tacos if you want real tacos and something different
5	I always bring friends and family here to have good real Mexican tacos. They always  want to come back here. The horchata tastes the way my mom and grandma make it.
1	I ordered a burrito and 2 tacos w/ rice/beans. I was charged $20.85 for what I thought was a rip off. Looking at the chicken it appears like it's been sitting at room temperature all day. It's black, dry and old looking. They must think people are stupid and won't know the difference. It's harsh to say, but I could not finish a meal I purchased due to disgust.
5	Stop reading and just freaking go there NOW!It's the best place for street tacos... by FAR!  From traditional carne asada, pollo asada, carnitas, to exotics like fish and shark tacos... it's FANTASTIC! The price is fair and their menu is pretty large.The place is definitely not Scottsdale. It's a small place and looks kinda dirty.  They have the whole "Day of the Dead" theme going on.  It's an odd looking place but trust me, these are the kind of places where you will find the most authentic food.They also have a small bar to serve up some nice cocktails and beers.Their chips are very good and they have a salsa bar with over 14 different salsas. I'm glad my friend recommended this place to me.  I look forward to visiting often.  It's sure is a LOT closer than driving to Mexicali for the same tacos! :)Advise:  The seating is limited, so if you arrive at the traditional week day noon lunch rush, expect to wait for a table.  It's first come first serve.  I usually visit around 1:30pm or on the weekends.
5	Reviews say it all.... Yum!
4	The fresh salsa bar is the featured attraction.  20 - 30 types daily with differences nearly every day.  The food is great-to-fantastic.  Decor is nice and the space is small and tight.  Don't expect table service - go to the counter, order and pay.  They will bring you your food.  If you are looking for white linen napkin experience, go to The Barrio.  If you want some of the best salsa and tacos in town - come here.
2	Based on my first visit, I would have happily given La Condesa a 4 star review. My veggie tacos were delicious, and I loved all the fun salsas. I couldn't get enough of them! Really, the only negative was the cramped quarters.My second visit, however, was not nearly as good. On the positive side, I got guacamole this time which was studded with dried cranberries and tasted great with the strawberry salsa. I was impressed with the service too because my friend's order came out the same time as mine despite the fact that we ordered separately 10 minutes apart. The tacos this time were awful. I decided to get the vegan tacos since the description of "no pintos, no rice" lead me to believe that the beans and rice in the veggie tacos weren't really vegetarian friendly. I'm a pretty strict vegetarian so I try to avoid food that's been prepared with meat-based stock. The vegan tacos come with black beans which were absolutely flavorless. I'm not sure these beans encountered even a grain of salt during their preparation. The tacos also had iceburg lettuce in them which tasted dreadful of course. So now I know I can't have their veggie tacos, and the vegan ones suck. No reason to visit again.
5	Lots of options, cool/hip smallish place, great vibe....Salsa bar killed it, and service was quick.  Just what you want.
5	I love La Condesa!  I've been here a million times and never been disappointed.   The veggie tacos have so much flavor,  some of the best I've ever had.  The Puebla Quesa is amazing with the cashew salsa from their crazy huge salsa bar.  Their homemade jamaica and horchata are great.  Honestly there's not a bad thing I can say about this place.
5	The Yelp rating is what made me drive out of my way to pickup a late lunch. If I were just driving by this shop I would have never stopped. I ordered a three taco plate with three different tacos. I do not remember the names, but they were ALL excellent! I ordered a Quesadilla. It is different from the Americanized version but I did not care for it. Love all the salsas!
4	I've been in to La Condesa twice now, both during their happy hour. If you're not aware of their happy hour, familiarize yourself with it. It's pretty damned good ($3 delicious margaritas and $2 chicken tinga or carne asada tacos). To start, there is the salsa bar. You get one basket of chips (any more than that you pay for, but my wife and I never eat more than 1 basket-full) and then there are about 16-20 different types of salsa and sauces to try. I've only been brave enough to try about 5 of them, and they've all been decent-really good. My favorite was their tomatillo, and their chipotle didn't really do it for me, but I don't usually enjoy the taste of chipotle peppers in general. Too smokey.The first time I went I got 2 carne asada tacos and 1 chicken tinga taco. I was disappointed in the carne asada. The meat was dry and topped with dry shredded cabbage. It has a decent flavor, but I had to put salsa on it because it was too dry for me. The chicken tinga, on the other hand, was pretty fabulous. The chicken has a very flavorful sauce on it with good spice, and it's topped with pickled red onion. Fantastic. I also had a plate of rice and beans which were delicious as well. So, the second time I went in, I ordered only chicken tacos. No biggie.I highly recommend checking this place out. 5 tacos, 2 margaritas, and some rice and beans for $20. Brilliant.
5	Seriously fantastic. Friendly. Delicious. Salsa bar. Enough said!
5	Definite five. We're visiting PHX and trying to make as many taco stops as we can. This was a total yelp find, and we ordered based on tips. The horchata was exceptional--light and fruity. The best horchata I've had. Five just for that. Five for all three tacos we tried: Oaxacan Black Mole, Santa Condesa Mahi Mahi, and Mayan Cochinita Pibil. So good. And five for a varied and delicious salsa bar, great neighborhood feel, and helpful waitstaff. If I lived closer if be a regular!
5	I went to this location as I was driving down 16st saw it out the corner of my eye and I'm glad that I made the stop, it was kinda packed but my party only waited about ten minutes. I ordered the gaucho taco that was recommended by our waiter that was one of the best tacos I had ever had and trust me I've had tons of tacos and don't even get me started about the shrimp tacos they have
5	We just got off the plane from Kansas City and needed to eat quickly. We looked on Yelp and found this amazing place. We loved the salsa bar and the three different tacos we had. All we can say is "WOW"!!We now wish they would come to KC.
3	The portions were huge at a great price.  You have all types of sauces to chose from but the taco entrees were flavorful enough that you didn't need to sauce it up.  A great casual joint to fill yourself up.
3	Was very excited to come here after all the good reviews.   Overall, our experience was quite "meh".  The menu was inspired.  I loved the idea of having a taco to represent the cuisine of so many different latin american places.  I also loved the salsa bar with its dozen or so unlimited salsas.  However, the food its self was nothing to write home about.  We tried six different tacos, and none of it seemed particularly fresh or interesting.  Had to rely heavily on the salsas to revive the tired tacos.  Doubt I'll be coming back.
5	I had to finally give La Condesa (recently changed their name to Santisma Tacos) the five stars they deserve. THIS PLACE IS MY JAM. We eat here all the time and believe me when I say that their santa condesa veggie taco is the best you'll ever have in your life (if you're vegetarian) and definitely awesome even if you're not a veggie. My go-to lunch/dinner is the 2 taco plate with one santa condesa and one ghandi vegan taco (their guacamole on this is divine). If you haven't ever had a horchata with fruit and nuts in it, it's about time. Theirs is delicious. They also have brunch (!!!!) and it's so fabulous. Just make sure to add Oaxaca cheese if it's not already part of the option, trust me.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here.  The layers of flavors in my Al Pastor, Tinga and Carne Asado Tacos were awesome!  My only complaint was I was expecting it to be less expensive based on the single $ on yelp.  I think this should be updated to $$.  (I didn't mind paying what I did at all, it was totally worth it, but the expectation based on what I had read here was in my head.)
4	I like the Cochinita Pibil the best. Not a fan of the other tacos and I could do without the rice and beans. The horchata is something to write about. I have never had horchata with fresh ingredients...Very Tasty. The server was nice and quick. You have to get your own salsa so stock up. Would love to stop by again!
4	Super authentic. Really enjoyed the food.
5	The tacos were amazing!!! When you step inside you'll think you are in Mexico. Everything from the art to the bar is authentic. The salsa bar has so many exotic selections that you will salivate over. The menu even caters to vegetarians. The tacos and burros are amazing. I will be a regular here and you should be too! Oh yeah and Alfredo makes killer margs!
1	Cant believe all the rave reviews on here! If you like to eat dry, chewy tasteless meat in your tacos....this place is for you. If you like to eat with plastic utensils in a dirty restaurant and pay $3 for a coke....this is for you.If you like grimy walls, dirty floors and a salsa bar with half the choices empty....go for it. The meat in the street tacos were overcooked, chewy and tasteless. The taco meal for $9 came with 2 small tacos, and a thimble full of beans and a similar amount of rice. On a piece of paper in a plastic tray. You have to get your own plastic utensils and napkins...which I dont mind, just not at these prices. The famous salsa bar was half empty and I had to ask for forks as they had run out.Poor, very poor. Dont waste your money.
4	have been here several times - love it.  authentic, good food always. their salsa bar rocks the house, great variety and savory choices.  had dark mole egg dish with black beans  LOVED IT
4	The Guisados of Phoenix. Order the smoked Marlin tacos they are amazing. You will easily forget that you are eating fish. The salsa bar selection can be a bit overwhelming. You want to try everything but at the same time are afraid to because you don't want to make the wrong taco salsa combination. Ahh the paradox of choice. Horchata lovers will be enticed to order the house Horchata which goes for $3.99. The specialness of that drink all float on top in the form of pecans, diced cantaloupe, and strawberries. A girl walked in solely to order the Horchata to go.
5	Honestly, love this place. The Yelp reviews don't lie. I can't get over La Condesa's  salsa variety. I literally had to dig into my memory to remember what I even ate here because I was so amazed by the salsa bar. I literally got up and filled containers nonstop with EVERY single salsa (no shame). I didn't let that go to waste, I tried them all and left little behind. Of course, I loved the spicier selections, but everything was amazing. After eating so much salsa, my pastor burrito came and was pretty good. I think it was a little dry, but nothing salsa can't fix. I tried some of Eric's shark taco and carne asada taco, those were really good! Next time I think I'm going to give a carne asada quesadilla a try! The beans were also great and I must say I left full and satisfied!  Can't wait to come back!
4	This place has at least 3 different names: La Condesa on Yelp, La Santisima on the front of the building, and Santa Santisima on the menu.  Call it whatever you want, just find the place.  It's so good, my friends and I came here twice during our trip, on the word of some locals we met at JoBot Coffee.  It's a really small place, so expect a wait unless you happen to get lucky and pop in at a slow time.  The guacamole is stupid good, as are the shark and pork tacos.  If you're really hungry, skip the 2 taco platter (just adds rice and beans) and get a third taco, or order the guac.
5	Amazing. Really. We were driving back to LA and we're looking for a place to stop for a quick but yummy lunch.... Found this place on Yelp and I am so glad we stopped here. Best tacos I've ever had. Salsa bar is amazing. The waitress mixed up my order so I have no idea what I ate but it was phenominal. Seriously, you need to eat here.
5	This is mine and my daddy's place! We love the food, and the salsa bar is great. It's a small place and it's always busy. We love to come here every Sunday night.
4	My dad & I were in town for the day. We were sooo hungry & in the mood for anything so yelp helped me find this place & of course we were kind of iffy about it & expected it to be like every other Mexican restaurant, BUT we were totally mistaken! My dad is from Mexico City, but has been living in the US for almost 22 years. This is the FIRST place ever to actually have tacos that tasted just like from his hometown! He even teared up because of the memories that filled him (no i'm not exaggerating!), & when my dad says the tacos are authentic then they are! This place will be the only reason why we will come back to Phoenix! Hopefully this place lives on for good! :)
4	I just bit into the mole street taco.  Delicious.  I've lived in Puebla, Mexico, the birthplace of mole and La Condesa's is the best mole negra I've had outside of Puela.  This little restaurant is a wonderful suprise in this otherwise unassuming part of 16th Street.
5	Amazing food! You must try the horchata and the mole tacos! I could eat here twice a week.
3	my friends convinced me to give this place another chance. the salsa bar is SO good. I don't really recall what I ordered to eat but i do remember not loving it. it was decent though. the salsa on the other hand is amazing! salsa all day long!
4	Shrimp Tacos are out of this world!!! So fresh and tasty. The horchata is great also!
5	I have been waiting to write this review until I was really inspired, because I wanted to do this place justice. Sitting at a coffee shop, a little wired, listening to some amazing Explosions in the Sky in my headphones, I finally feel I'm ready. The bad: North of McDowell. I mean, this place is supa close to me, so I'm happy, but I really wish this place had a sexy downtown location because it is so freaking good it would blow up if more people were near it. I feel the location, although keeps it a hidden gem, also repells people from going, although let me be the one to tell you, it shouldn't! You NEED to go here if you are chippy and salsa person. Bottom line. Not optional. The absolute BEST in Phoenix metro ever. If you disagree, hit me up and I will pay for your meal. I'm not kidding. I believe in it that much. The good: The Salsa bar. Jesus Christ himself would call this Salsa bar a miracle. From reds, to greens, to peanut, to hot, to mild, chunky and smooth they have everything, hand made from scratch and incredible. The flavors actually rotate so some times you'll go and get a new treat to try. Most of them are inspired by regions of the world and have salsa flares about them. I can't stop, thinking about it now. I may leave this coffee shop and go there for lunch today now... The gourmet tacos. Incredible, large chuncks of savor steak, giant shrimp (yah I know that makes no sense), and great corn tortillas make this no flour boy a very very happy camper. Obviously you'll need to choose the right salsa to add on top of your already incredibly delicious taco, but choose wisely. The flavors are already perfect. I hope this review has done it justice. It's incredible and needs to be in your rotation. Especially if like taking your friends out to new places they have never been before.
4	This is a cool little place to try. I think the best thing on the menu are the quesadillas. They are traditional Mexico City style which are not in the flour tortilla as most places serve but are maid out flour ( I think they are from Mexico City because we were brought up eating them this way). They are deep fried which is worth trying just because of how deliciously amazing they are! There salsa bar is unique with lots of choices, but I do wish they had at least one spicy one. I think their service can improve, ( maybe our server was just having a bad day). But overall good place.
4	I've been here about 4 times now. I love this place. The name has changed, they've been serving alcohol for a while now, there's a new location in Glendale (I need to go), and the menu has expanded but isn't quite represented online yet. Even the physical menus can be different. The one I had had a few more items on it than my friends'. The horchata is still the best I've ever had. The margaritas are so freaking good.I tried the marlin taco that wasn't there last time I visited. I love trying things I've never had before. Marlin is an odd fish. Their preparation makes it look and taste almost like pork. It's just... different. Still good though!My friend got the veggie burro. She said it was pretty tasty, but a little on the bland side. We agreed that it can be hard to make vegetarian food flavorful at times. She liked the salsa bar because she could add a different flavor between bites.They get slammed on weekends. I was here at 7pm on a Friday. They need more than 2 people serving and clearing on weekends. When every table is packed there's almost no room to move. Getting to the salsa bar can be pretty awkward.
5	We tried this place due to yelp.   We were impressed with the atmosphere as it has beautiful art hangings and the place is clean.  I ordered the guacho burrito and the horchata due to the yelpster's recommendations. I usually don't go for beef so I wasn't crazy about the burrito, but it was good.   I was freaking crazy about the Horchata though!  I am a salsa snob so it takes a lot to impress me.   Rule number one - it must cause burn or don't call it salsa.   The seven chiles was so good that there wasn't much left at the salsa bar.   What was left, I took!  Second best salsa was the salsa peanut!  It was creamy, hot, flavorful and the best salsa peanut I have ever had!  So happy that they serve real salsas. My only recommendation for them would be to improve on the chips.   The chips are a bit thin, but cover them with salsa and all will be alright. When in Phoenix-go to this place.   It's a bit small, but hang in there and grab a seat and set your tongue on fire then cool it down with the horchata!
5	I was brought here for lunch by a co-worker, and it's now my go-to dinner on the way out to Coyotes games.The tacos are out of this world, but even better is the salsa bar.  Peanut salsa? Cilantro salsa? Pico? Yes, and more; over 10 salsas made fresh daily on site. The place is small and decorated brilliantly in a Dia de Los Muertes theme year-round. Sometimes the waitstaff can seem a little disinterested, but during lunch you order from the bar and sit down whenever something frees up. Don't go here for the service, go here for the amazing food and enjoy a little taste of Mexico in Phoenix.
2	Love this place but the service sucks. I sat for 7 mins and did get any service. No water, just chips. They ran out of the cups for salsa and I just sat there. What a joke. I asked if I could place my order, the waiter just said yea, then walked away. So I continued to sit there. After what seemed to be 5 more minutes I just gave up. I left. What a shame too, I used to like this place. They need a better wait staff. Fail.
4	Was here 2 years ago. They've added a sit down bar. Interesting variety of unique salsa. Small place but not cramped. We all tried different tacos. Was fun .
5	This place is a gem. The have any type of fresh salsa you could imagine. The energy and decor makes you feel welcome as well as the staff. We had the street tacos and they were amazing! My favorite was the Al Pastor. We will definitely be back!
5	Wow! We pulled up to this place with some skepticism, but after entering we  immediately knew we were in for a great lunch. With a salsa bar in the corner, we were given chips and first tried 3 different salsas. We ordered two types of tacos and a chicken mole quesadilla to share. The tacos were good, and the quesadilla was like a fluffy fried calzone. Absolutely delicious! The only bump was the fact I ordered my taco with no mushrooms and it came with them, but I didn't mind that much. My husband had a hornitos margarita which was good as well. Next time we're in Phoenix we will certainly be back!
4	Holy Tacos and Salsa Bar!!!!!! This place is the real deal. We came here 10 minutes after opening and we were glad we did. This place filled up quickly and for good reason. The tacos were incredible. The spicy pork, the beef, the white fish all mouth watering. The refried beans and rice served on the side tasted awesome, I just wish the portions were larger. Right away we were served large baskets of warm tortilla chips and we tried every salsa at the bar. Some were very spicy!!!! I enjoyed the cilantro cream one on the fish tacos. The quesadilla came with avocado slices on top and the cheese was very tasty. These tacos were gourmet! I really enjoyed everything we ate here and would definitely come back. Prices are fair as well. They staff kept refilling our glasses of water and kept checking in on us. We had a great lunch here.
3	The horchata is amazing! The food is good. The salsa bar is fun. The service is iffy. The prices are starting to drive me nuts. I've been coming here since just after it first opened as "La Condesa," because it's down the street from my house and I could walk. It was good, unpretentious,  and reasonably priced. They have changed their menu at least 4 times since they first opened. I appreciate the added variety, but not the price jumps. One taco used to fill me up and I could get it for under three bucks. Now I have no idea what they charge, so I only go when I'm fine with spending 8 bucks on a cheese quesadilla (which I will say is very delicious but not really worth $8 all by itself). Anyhow, try it, because the food is good, and leave other expectations at the door.
4	Really good food, decent sized portions and good customer service. A tad bit high priced, $30 for two people and only one beer. However the hotchata was so amazing it made it all worth it....there are nuts and fruit in it, what?! I can eat my delicious horchata as I drink it? Yes please.
5	Everything is good. And hands down best salsa bar imaginable. Best, best, best! Small and always crowed though, which I blame mostly on the awesomeness salsa bar.... Did I mention how great the salsa bar here is?
4	Great tacos and amazing horchata! The salsa bar was fresh, and it was really fun to try out different salsas. The Horchata and the Jamaica come in huge cups and are both excellent. I had the Mayan pork and Chicken mole tacos. They were delicious and filling.
4	One of the best Mexican spots in town. The food is great (salsa bar!) and so are the margaritas. That said, it is crammed - try to go on a night when it's less busy to avoid feeling the full brunt of that.
5	This place is so unique. Everthing is a little different in a good way. I LOVE the pecan salsa! The tacos are great!!
5	SOOOO thrilled to find this place! The food is excellent - not the heavy cheese-laden Sonoran style that the Phoenix market is used to, but a lighter, more flavorful Mexican style. Lots of things to choose from on the menu. Loved my chicken mole burro. Margs were delicious and I cannot wait to do happy hour there - an afternoon of $3 margaritas and the amazing salsa bar with a great variety of salsas. I particularly liked the pecan, peanut, and chile arbol salsas, although they were all really, really good. If you love horchata, you'll love the one here.
5	First time here tonight. So delicious! Loved the salsa bar. Loved my tacos and husband loved his burrito! Wish we lived closer and could add this place more often.
5	Awesome quaint taco shop with excellent food that has real flavor.  The staff is warm and are a treat!
5	Just moved to Phoenix, and am SO HAPPY that we live near La Santisima. The salsa options alone make every trip back well worth it. Highly recommended if you like great Mexican food.
4	Food is phenomenal. Horchata is the best in town. Love the cozy atmosphere but on a busy night it can be a little too intimate with strangers squeezing and bumping through to tables. Choose a weeknight late or early dinner to avoid.
4	REALLY great salsa bar selection here! I would go here strictly for that reason alone. The food here is great. The drinks are delicious as well. They hand make the cocktails with love and use real fruit. I had the blueberry martini and there were so many fresh blueberries in it I could barely finish it haha! My hubby got the horchada with rum...it tasted like a pina colada! Yum yum. In a rougher part of town, but this is definitely our new go to spot for Mexican food when driving to/from the airport back up to North Scottsdale :)
4	I really want to give them five stars. I love: the art, the atmosphere, the super friendly servers. I think I would have loved many of the salsas, but they ran out of cups & had small plates to put the salsas on instead. Dude, it's really hard to dunk a tortilla chip into a plate of salsa. I tried the cilantro & the tomatillo & both were great, but couldn't muster the effort trying to scrape another flavor off the bottom of a plate.The Mayan pork taco was damn near perfect, but I thought the chicken mole was a little too much on the sweet side.
5	Awesome food, great atmosphere. Salsa bar is really good. Horchata is a must try. Very well priced. We will be back.
4	The food here is fantastic! The tacos were fantastic! The salsa was great too. It is a very nice hole in the wall with fab food. Special mention goes to the steak verde taco-phenomenal! As stated before the service is ok, the neighborhood is rough but the food makes up for it. I'm just not sure id come here after dark.
5	I won't beat around the bush. This was hands down the best Mexican food i've had in Phoenix so far. The salsa bar was incredibly varied and interesting, the street tacos at happy hour were delicious, the house margarita was perfectly balanced and the handmade quesadilla destroyed any preconception I had of what a quesadilla was supposed to be. Highly recommended. On top of that, staff was attentive and the atmosphere was unique, and unpretentious.
2	Best part was the chips & different salsas (tried 3 & they were all fresh & delicious). The tacos were another story. Had the carne asada: dry, chewy, and flavorless. This isn't a taco truck, I expect better.
4	Ate there today after golf w/husband & his best friend, took some coaxing to get them into small place in not so best area ...but SUCCESS! Tacos were great, salsa bar & chips awesome, fun for all. Like posted elsewhere, SMALL noisy but worth it.
5	Love the food. Wife and I visit her ever so often and I've tried a few different dishes. This place is not your run of the mill regular meat, cheese, tortilla and red sauce Mexican cuisine. Plenty of seafood and veggie items. The salsa bar alone is something to visit for as there are so many delicious items.
5	A hole in the wall but amazing quesadilla!!! The tacos were alright, the star of this restaurant would definitely have to be the quesadilla, you can't go here and not order one or two or THREE!! Lol the bread/crust/dough if the quesadilla is amazing! The salsa bar for the nachos they provide while you wait for your food is fun and there are some good selections, esp the cilantro one and I don't even like cilantro.
5	Great, cozy ambiance. Great service. Complex, unique, and absolutely delicious flavors on everything that I've tried (tacos, quesadilla, salsa, margaritas). The quesadilla is unlike any other I've ever seen or tasted, and absolutely the best. The margaritas are the best I've had in the valley, and the happy hour price for them is amazing. Their menu is so awesome too, so many things that are unique and not commonly found.
5	I went to this place when I was in town visiting friends an I loved it! The tacos were great and the prices were very reasonable but what made this place amazing was the salsa bar that had over 12 varieties that were some of the best salsas I've ever Tasted. I will absolutely go again when I'm back in town.
4	they have 2 taco orders and i was stuck between two kinds so the waitress said, you can get one of each. perfect. i love problem solvers. the tinga and the cochinita are great. they come with picked purple onions. they pickle them with lime so it comes through strong, but i like lime.
5	A great little taco spot hidden in Phoenix. The pastor tacos have a nice hit of spice, which contrasts well with the sweetness of the pineapple. Prices are reasonable. This place is seriously small, we went on a Tuesday afternoon and it was empty, though I can see La Santisima filling up quickly during the evening. Our waitress was reserved, but not rude.It's not in the best neighborhood, which is kind of sad, because there's an elementary school across the street, but I feel like the best eateries are usually in someplace sketchy. Often, you must venture outside your comfort zone to experience the sublime.Also, I neglected to try the salsa bar, I was so memorized by the pastor tacos. I'll definitely return on my next trip to PHX.
5	I love this place. Very welcoming staff and authentic food. Every time friends visit from out of state, this is always a dinner spot request. The name change has in no way changed the flavor. Thanks.
3	the tacos were very delicious and the variety of sauces and toppings for your tacos were great. I just felt overwhelmed in such tight seating arraignments it even got too loud to the point where i could hear everyones conversation from being so close to each other! Got so bad i took my food to go.
4	If you're a fan of big fancy, red carpet joints, this is not the place for you. The service is not good, it is understaffed, the restaurant itself is small and there are a boat load of people there. If you like eating some kick ass Mexican food though, this place tops the list. I had the pork and bean burrito with a side of their chipotle salsa. The meat was so tender and the flavor was so developed, I wept a little with each bite. This is on my radar for the next time I come out to Phoenix.  Just hope they find a bigger location or open a taco truck.
3	I wanted to be blown away by a gourmet taco shop, but sadly I live in Southern California, and when you live there being amazed by tacos take A LOT. I definitely recommend this place, but it doesn't have the WOW factor.The Pros:Awesome Salsa Bar - about a dozen delicious salsas. The regular Mexican salsa was flavorful and spicy. Some nice rare options too.Service - Our server was very nice and attentive.The Al Pastor - I tried the premium carne asada, fish taco, and al pastor. This is the only one I would go back for - great taste and tender pork.The Cons:Price - Like double the price of what I'm used to paying for any kind of taco.Pepsi brand soda - Hells to the no!! and they didn't have Mexican coke either (they were apparently out).Bleh on the fish taco - again, I am spoiled because I only eat fish tacos in Baja, but the batter was very soggy and bland.Small place and tight parking but it wasn't crowded on a Sunday.
5	Fresh, original, delicious. Soon it will be impossible to get a table here... so go now!
2	the food was good, but not great. the horchata; however, is one of the best i've ever tried. i could come back just for that. the real reason why this place gets 2 stars instead of 3 was how the manager dealt with our issue. my friend ordered the filet mignon taco plate and the menu clearly said it was 15.99. We got our bill and it says 21.99. So we asked why and she said it's because they changed the menu. Well.. not the 4 menus that we were given. Instead of fixing it, she argued with us and tried to find a menu with the new price. when she couldn't produce one, she said she would need to call the owner blah blah. seriously?! and then she takes another 15minutes talking on the phone with the owner, I'm assuming, instead of dealing with her waiting customers. left such a bad taste in my mouth. in the end, she changed the charge to 15.99, to which i left a $6 tip and a scathing note on how they can have their money back. we will never return to this place.
5	This place is small but totally worth it. Guac has mangos in it which just makes its all the more amazing.
1	Worst service ever. I had chunks of bone in my chicken burrito, and no one came to check back to ask us how the food was. On top of that the place was small and claustrophobic, there was 3 groups of screaming kids that echoed the entire time we were there. I would not recommend this to anyone!!!
4	Gourmet tacos!  Try any two gourmet tacos you will not be disappointed. These tacos aren't your regular small street tacos these are some serious tacos. I tried the la santisma taco with arrachera carne and the shark taco. Both were incredible. Really like the shark taco with its sauce.  And the santisma taco was right on. Real Mexican sodas with real sugar straight from the glass bottle. And don't forget the salsa bar. Seriously, so many salsas to choose from. Try them all, I did and simply went back for those I liked, no loved!  Oh. Did I forget even the rice and beans were good and I only know this because they mistakenly added them to my plate, the chef was being generous the waiter said. Thank you I said!  These are definitely better the average rice and beans.
5	We were taken aback by the decor, waitstaff, the patrons, and classic rock playing, because it appeared filled with hipsters,  an all male staff, and an interior with a very confused identity.   HOWEVER, I will be returning, and I will tell you why.....       1. Salsa bar, simply delicious.  All of them. From mild, to smoky, to hot, there's a peanut and pecan salsa, jicama, guacamole, Pico de gallo, and several more.        2. Great menu choices, not your typical American/Mexican options.         3. The street tacos! !! We chose Al Pastor,  Carne Asada, y Cochinita Pibil with rice and beans. Uhhhhh-mazing!  From a white girl who used to never eat Mexican, who is now married to a Mexican.....I was totally impressed. My husband said 4 stars, because he's got a picky palette. Thoroughly enjoyed my meal! Can't wait to return for a Horchata, and to try the Mole!
5	Sometimes, Yelp is right on.  I was looking for a great Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood to take my wife to (it was date night).  This place had far more stars than most, so we gave it a go.Upon entering (we visited on First Friday last month) it was so loud that it was like bombs going off.  The decor was unusual and had an interesting botanica vibe going on.  Service was a bit slow but they were so packed that I wasn't surprised.Their salsa bar had more flavors than I've ever seen at a restaurant anywhere--and I've been to a lot of Mexican Restaurants.  As for the food itself, there was nothing "traditional" about it, but everything was so bursting with incredible flavor that I was savoring every bite.Holy sh*t, that was good.  My burrito was loaded with CHUNKS of marinated steak--not ground, not shredded, but chunks.  I was blown away.  Next time, there's a SHARK burrito on the menu that I can't wait to taste.If you're in the mood for something "traditional", I still point people to Mi Patio in Phoenix.  However, if you're looking for something other than the same old Mexican taste, may I recommend this landmark.  It's just a few blocks north of McDowell on your right hand side.  You won't regret it.  The place is small and can sometimes be packed with noisy gringos, but the taste is unforgettable.
4	I've been eating at this place since it opened.  I'm not going to stop.  In fact I don't think I could stop if I wanted to- it's too good.  All the tacos are great (I especially like the La Condessa special taco with shrimp) and the El Gaucho burro and Bullet burrito are always a good choice. The place is clean and the staff are nice.  It's not always the fastest place to eat, but hey rushed eating isn't healthy!
5	Holy delicious batman! These tacos were amazing! Very very filling. I only ordered two and walked away completely satisfied. They have a cornucopia of salsas! I wish I could tell you what I had but I could not choose so I asked out server to pick two  out for me. My coworker did the same thing.However with his, we asked about one ( his favorite) it was the shark taco.It's quite small so lunch time it gets very packed. I would recommend getting there a bit earlier or later than noon.
5	This place deserves the hype. I asked the waitress to surprise me with with a couple tacos. I was impressed by the three she ordered for me, but the special shark taco was unreal. It was the best taco I have ever had the pleasure to consume. This is a wonderfully unique eatery. I would highly suggest dining here.
5	If a place in Phoenix has almost 500 reviews and it still has almost 5 stars, you know it has to be good. I came here for a quick lunch after work one day, and couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. The fish tacos I ordered were absolutely delicious, and the staff was very friendly. The salsa bar is genius! So many different flavors, it's like having 10 different dishes in one. Overall, do yourself a favor and try Santisima if you're in the mood for Mexican.
5	I saw 450 plus reviews and almost 5 star rating. Well here is another 5 star. The menu is a little overwhelming at first. So I tried the Cabo Shrimp taco. Amazing. Then the smoked marlin taco. More amazing. Then the tinc a chicken taco. OMG. The salsa bar is extensive all made from scratch. I tried six of them and they were all terrific.  The salsa peanut and salsa strawberry really stood out.
5	If you are looking for a hidden gem of Phoenix, La Santisima is definitely one of those places!!The decor and vibe of the place is top notch. Even though it is a bit small, it has a bit feel on the inside. The decor is not over the top and for being a taco shop, has the ability to seem a bit classy.The biggest thing that would sell anyone on this place is the salsa bar. Every type of salsa you can think of. Some ranging from really hot to super mild. Some specialty salsa as well made form guacamole, cashews, and fruit. You can definitely chow down a few baskets of tortilla chips trying all the different types of salsa.I ordered the Azteca Tinga Burrito. It came out really quick and was huge. The burrito itself had an amazing flavor on its own, but I added some of their salsas to spice it up a bit and it made it even more amazing. The chicken was cooked very well and was very flavorful. Even the beans and veggies in the burrito had their own flavor to it.I am looking forward to visiting this place more and more and trying as many different items on their menu as possible. Not to mention all the salsas!!
3	The good:The tacos here are amazing. Best I've ever had? No. But enjoyable, if pricey. I had the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco and the La Condesa Veggie Taco. The pork taco was tasty, though extremely messy; the onion pieces were huge, but weirdly enough they had no flavor at all. My favorite was the veggie taco. The vegetable variety was great and they were all cooked to perfection--crisp but fully cooked. The cheese on top was like the glue (best glue ever!) and had a lovely salty tang.My husband had the pork taco as well and also the Sonoran Carne Asada Taco. The steak taco was his definite favorite; he thought the pork chunks were way too big.Our server was good--much better than when I visited the Glendale location by myself and was ignored.The bad:Yes, the salsa bar is great, but the restaurant is so crowded that it makes getting the salsa difficult. The restaurant is downright claustrophobic, and it wasn't even fully packed with customers when we were there. We wanted to finish our food and leave ASAP so we could stretch out and breathe. There's not a great deal of parking, either.The tacos are served in baskets lined with tissue paper. With really messy tacos, that means the paper disintegrates and you can't easily cut big chunks of meat with a knife.Really, it's a place with great tacos and a horrid location. We won't visit again.
5	Amazing salsa bar! Loved the cilantro variant... Excellent tacos, great prices... A gem hidden in Phoenix.
3	I so wanted to love this place. I was in the area to get a haircut with fave barber but told he was on break. So I decided to venture out in the area for lunch. The beautiful entrance door caught my attention and decided to try it.Since I broke my foot, I'm crutchin' along with the dang boot on my left foot. I must have arrived minutes before the lunch rush. I sat at a little table in a corner. Waitress took my order.  Because the tables are so close to one another and filled, I couldn't go to the Salsa bar to try a few sauces. I ordered the guacamole which was yummy -- love guaca guaca! When I ordered two chicken tacos, I expected two nice size tacos. Instead I felt as though I ordered two tacos off the menu section for kids.Waitress never returned to refill my glass of tea. I may return and give this place a try when I'm no longer in need of crutches. Nothing grand here...now run along kids...PS...They do not accept AMEX!
3	In town for the weekend and my girlfriend found this little taco place. The tacos here are pretty darn good. She and I split a shrimp taco, carne asada taco and a pork taco. They were all pretty tasty. They have a bunch of homemade salsas but none really knocked my socks off. I tried five different salsas hoping one would catch my attention but I was kinda disappointed. Luckily the tacos were really good.
5	Is this real? Are they serious with this? The ambiance was small, cozy, and art was hung on the wall that was really very good. Unbelievable service and food. All the salsas at the bar were stellar and my shark tacos were dynamite. I'm kind of a sucker for rice and beans and I think it's hard to mess up but I've still had some awful rice and beans at some other spots. Luckily, this place had some of the best I've had in a while. The prices were great, helped by a wonderful happy hour. I will be coming back for more because everyone loves tacos and La Santisima does tacos well.
3	Love the peanut salsa!!!
5	OMG! The best horchata and the salsa bar was great. The tacos were to die for and I loved the mole taco.
5	I was looking for a quick street taco fix and what I found was La Santisima.  Calling it a gourmet taco shop is fitting and more importantly the price was right!The list of Mexican restaurants and taco shops is endless in Phoenix and while I can't possibly try them all, I have at least found one I thoroughly enjoy.  From the quality of meat, to the portions, to the highly touted salsa bar, this place delivers on all levels!I started with a half order of guacamole to compliment my assortment of chosen salsas.  Their guac tends toward the chunky side mixed with red onion, tomato, mango, and cilantro.  The chips were disappointing, but they served their purpose of sampling salsas and the guac.I also heard great things about the horchata, which I can never pass up when available.  First of all, it comes in a massive 32 oz cup.  I would definitely share this with somebody else next time.  It's also loaded with strawberries and mangos, which I initially thought seemed unnecessary, but provided a unique twist.  The fruit proved difficult to fit through the straw, so maybe I'll order without in the future.I ordered 3 of the gourmet tacos - El Gaucho Taco, Baja Sur Shark Taco, and Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco. All were $3.99 and excellent and I would say the Cochonita Pibil was the best I tried!  It went really well with the salsa cilantro, a cream based cilantro salsa.
5	Hands down the best Mexican Food I've had in AZ! Not your typical greasy, heavy Mexican food. Everything is so fresh and delicious. They have a huge salsa bar with a variety of salsas. Their margaritas are delightful. I highly recommend if you're craving something a little south of the border.
5	This place is amazing. The pastor tacos are out of this world. Like a fiesta in your mouth. I would recommend you trying them with the chipotle salsa  from the salad bar. I enjoyed every last bite I even wanted to lick the plate. The last time I had pastor tacos this good  I was in Mexico City.  This place is very small they have a little bar and it is dark. But when you have pastor tacos this good who needs light anyways;) the salsa bar was impressive I would recommend this place to anyone . I will be back with my mother, sisters, brother, aunt, uncle, Cousins neighbors friend :) AMAZZZINNNNGGG !!
4	The street tacos were delicious and we had fun sampling the different types of salsa. This food has f-l-a-v-o-r.... there is definitely a  reason this place is busy!!
2	Pros: Full bar, salsa barCons: No bartender, watery salsas, poor service.We visited this shop for a weekend lunch.  We were starving and didn't have a lot of time, so we opted to quickly sit at the bar.  We waited 5 minutes, and a server brought us chips.  We then went and picked out a few salsas from the salsa bar.Out of the 4 salsas I tried, I liked none of them.  They were very thin and watery, and the plastic containers are smaller than the chips - so you can only dip the corner of a chip (but the salsa won't stick), and you can't pour the salsa onto a chip (because it will run off).  The only chips that sort of work are the 'defective' folded ones. I have no idea why everyone raves about the salsa bar, perhaps for the novelty of it, but chips don't work as a salsa-delivery vehicle for watery salsa.After 10 minutes, we still did not have water, and 15 minutes into us sitting there, we apologized and left.  Their tacos may well be amazing, but we didn't have time to sit around.  Waiting for 15 minutes (literally) with no water delivery during an AZ summer should be criminal.There appeared to only be 2 servers for the entire restaurant, and no bartender, and they clearly couldn't handle a lunchtime rush by themselves.  Luckily, there are many other excellent taco shops in the area.
4	I went with a friend over here after work one night on a recommendation. I loved my food it was much bigger than I thought and more gourmet to. I was expecting a little cheese crisp filled with meat, but it was so much more than that. I had a margarita that was really good but I think it was grapefruit all it says on the menu is margarita's but no description of any of them.The place was very tiny and cramped, but it was colorful in a good way and was not super busy. The service was a little slow and it was our first time so it took a while before they told us you get your sauce's from the little bar.I will be back in the future, overall it was a good price and taste food.
4	We stopped by for a quick bite to eat. i was told to come try the tacos.  its a really cute but very small place.  Clean and organized.  Very good salsa bar.  The seven chili and mexicana salsa were my favorite.  We ordered queso fundido...i liked it. One of my favorite dishes to try at new places. It did not dissappoint.  Only bad thing was...they could have given a few extra pieces of tortilla with the queso.  We tried the guacho and white fish tacos.  The guacho was excellent.  The white fish wasnt anything special.  Needs some extra seasoning or maybe a spicier sauce instead of the cabbage and white sauce.  I would come back and new stuff because i was pleased with my first try here.
5	This place is very good. Their salsa bar is great with many different selections. Whenever I'm thinking about eating Mexican food, this place always comes to mind.
5	Wow!  This spot is legit!  Just went their on Father's day and was blown away!  The salsa bar is killer, some many tasty varieties.  The quesadilla is what won me over and is worth the trip alone.  The street tacos are very tasty.  If you are a Mexican fan this is a must go.
4	Very good Al Pastor Burro. It's a little hard to find right away from the road and parking can be a hassle but this is such a great place! Their salsa bar has flavors I've never even thought of that go way beyond green, mild, medium and hot. The meat in my Al Pastor Burro was so juicy and flavorful and the pineapple was actually in there for once! Will absolutely go back with friends next time for sure!
5	Love, love, love this Phoenix gem!  I stumbled upon it when I was out house hunting & my husband learned about it from a co-worker, so we tried it one night & have been hooked ever since!  The salsa bar is awesome & the food is fantastic!  We are so happy to live just a few short miles from here & we go often!
3	I hate it when I don't love a place that everyone else loves, but after seeing the reviews and ratings for La Santisima, I expected a lot. I wish my expectations had been met!This is definitely hard to find, but we were able to park in one of the few spots up front. The parking lot is small, and you might have to park a few blocks away in the nearby neighborhood. If you have a big car, you should probably skip looking for a spot right in front and just park in the neighborhood to save yourself some grief.The restaurant is small and cramped. Seating is very close, and even during early times, there is a wait. If you don't mind high impact, you'll probably be fine with La Santisima. Service is very slow - there's only a couple people working in the restaurant serving as host/hostess, server, and from what I could tell, bartender. I have to give credit because obviously the two servers were running around like crazy, busting their butts and doing the best they could, but I really think it would be good to hire another person so that you don't have to wait to be seated, wait to receive a menu, wait to receive water, wait to order a drink, wait to order food, wait to receive food, etc. In short - things might be sped up (quite a bit?) if another person worked there.Salsa bar is nice, but I think bigger cups should be available in addition to the small ones because it's annoying to get up 93874 times for refills. I did love the peanut salsa - spicy and delish. House margaritas are nice, and strong! Quesadillas are delicious and wonderful as an appetizer. I would get them again as a meal.Tacos... hm. El gaucho tacos had very chewy meat, with little seasoning... bland. Pork tacos are pretty good, but but not wow. Just... hm. Much to be desired. Beans are too salty, but the rice is very good. I don't know. I just expected more flavor and better quality meat.In sum! Not bad, just OK.
5	This is an excellent small restaurant.  They have great vegan options and huge salsa bar providing a wide range of flavors.  We will come back here in an instant.
5	I decided to try this place on a whim. We looked through the pictures on yelp and the tacos looked great. As we walked in we immediately noticed that the place was like really small but the atmosphere was laid back. The menu had a huge selection of tacos, burritos, tortas and quesadillas. I had the specialty tacos with Mahi mahi. Pretty good stuff since it came with rice and beans. The salsa bar had a wide variety of salsas to choose from too.
5	As you read this review, please keep in mind I am a conservative mother of two small children.This place is so effing good.Since moving to Phoenix two months ago, I have been in search of a down and dirty taco place, but one that didn't leave me feeling like I had just eaten a corn tortilla full of grease. This is that place. Authentic Mexican food with a gourmet twist. So so yummy.I ordered the el gaucho steak taco and the cabo shrimp taco. Add in a $2 Negra Modelo, and life was good. If we didn't have two kids in tow, my husband and I could have kept ordering tacos and beer. Be prepared to go early, and the place is small...so seating is limited. Not good for large groups. Such a great place. If you aren't happy with your order here, then that just might be a personal problem. And I can't help you with that.
5	Great food and salsa bar. Personally, I love the strawberry, 7 chiles, & Mexicana salsa. I had the crane asada (ok) and Mayan Cochinita Pibil Tacos (very flavorful!) combo with rice (mixed with corn - soft and yummy!). My friend order the burro with beef and chimicuri sauce which was soooo delicious. Prices are reasonable $10/plate.
5	This place was an incredible find. We trusted Yelp on this one and it did not disappoint! The only knock (and it was no surprise if you read the reviews) was that it was pretty small so they run a pretty small crew.  With the 15 or so different salsas at the homemade salsa bar and the late amount of food we got, we were not in any hurry to leave!We will definitely be back here soon!
5	Suggest getting street tacosChicken moleShark and whitefish Baja stylePork pibilChips and chiles sauces incredible!! Partners had the gaucho:: awesomeThe mole ........ Food of the Aztecs gods... Yummy
5	Greatest happy hour ever!  Cheap beer and street tacos.  We did not get any of the specialty ones but it did not matter, everything was fresh and amazing.  They have the best mole in the Pheonix, we searched multiple spots and this one is special.  Salsa bar is crazy!  I am taking my family here when they arrive!
5	Everything here is delicious.Best salsa bar in town. The pecan salsa is my favorite. Mexicana and pico are second favorites.Horchata is a must.Beware the cheezieness of the quesos!
5	This place has some of the best tacos I've had in the Valley. Can't wait to go back!
5	They have so many different salsas to pick from...(Mango, Strawberry etc etc) We tried almost all of them with the homemade chips as we waited for our food. I ordered the chicken Quesadilla, but this one came with a deep fried corn tortilla covering all of the goodness in the middle. It was great because it was gluten free friendly. It was a big meal and well worth very bite.
4	Honestly, if you like Mexican/Latin American food, eat here. The food is great!! I didn't care too much for the salsas because most were too spicy for me or just not to my liking...but I'll give them a pass-who needs salsa when the food is that good! The restaurant is small, and can be uncomfortable when full. But the place does have character, and our server was more than wonderful.
5	Absolutely first rate, best Mexican (Oaxacan) food in town. Best I have ever tasted! Incredible flavor profiles. This is not your typical Mexican fair, it is bistro chef quality. Highly recommended!
4	This place would match, if not beat, any taco shop in LA.  Good service and amazing tacos with a complexity of taste.  The Salsa Bar bar is delish and the salsas add a whole new depth of flavor when added to a taco.  I one star off because the place is pricey for tacos.
4	Great local place.  The food is amazing, but the service was only ok.  Great place to go with friends, but this would not be my first date location.
3	My friend and I stopped in here after a day of shopping and it was nearby.  The reviews on  yelp made us stop by.The three stars are really based on the quality of the food and the location of the restaurant to me.  The food quality was good, but didn't knock my socks off.  I can get just as good tacos elsewhere in the valley.- Two taco plate ($9) - had two different kind of tacos, with two tortillas per taco type, rice and beans.  I had the smoked marlin, which I tasted more of the salsa than the marlin...  and the Sonoran carne asada tacos which were yummy but I've had better elsewhere.- I also wanted to try the el pastor street tacos ($3 for two tortillas).  They were yummy but sadly I had Rocky Point on the top of my mind and I remember getting better there.... -My friend got a chicken deep friend quesas that had peppers and onions in it.  It was very yummy and a large portion but very rich.The restaurant was cute, but small.  Luckily it was just the two of us because a large group would be too much.The menu was extensive, it was hard to make a decision.There were tons of salsas to try and a free basket of chips when we sat down, so it was fun to try all the different salsas.The wait staff was friendly and attentive, I really did like my lunch there but I wouldn't call myself a "fan".  It was good though, and if I happen to be in the area (which is very rare) I would stop in.
2	I was so hyped on my way here, I brought a coworker to order for the whole store. It was so busy, everything looked great. I said I've never been here and I'm starving. He ordered for me and it literally ended up being a beef burrito with only retried beans and nothing else. I'm sure everyone else enjoyed there's but man was that confusing
5	This is the real deal.If you are looking for a small hole in the wall joint that serves clean, delicious, authentic tacos, this is where you want to go. It costs $5 for two a la carte large tacos served on fresh corn tortillas that are filling.There are a variety of choices, you cannot go wrong. The meats are all prepared with strong spices, and cooked appropriately without being dry. The seafood is well seasoned, and kept moist after preparation and frying. Best of all, there is a salsa bar with over 10 different types of fresh salsas to accompany your dishes.My only gripe is that there aren't additional "authentic" cuts of meat like lingua or tripe. But still, everything done here is done exceptionally well.
5	She is sweet, spicy, smooth, and exotic.But don't talk about her like that, because she is La Santisima, and that means saintly, perv.To her 16 salsas, I'm forever faithful. I can't even bring myself to eat a shrimp burrito or dogfish shark taco* from anywhere else.** I swear, I'm a one-burrito woman. Let La Santisima show you the light.*No dogs/fish were harmed in the making of this taco. **dogfish shark tacos aren't available anywhere else around here, anyway.
5	Let me start by saying that I absolutely love Mexican food (so I believe I have good taste)  and these tacos were literally the best I've ever had ! So many salsas at the salsa bar, which is like candy land for someone like me! I had the chicken taco and a shrimp taco (with beer batter) and my sister had the cactus tacos. We born enjoyed our meals quite a bit although my sister liked the cactus tacos from two hippies beach house better (she's vegetarian). They were so good you must try!!! I am very picky about Mexican food and only enjoy authentic flavors. The beans were underwhelming , but it's a taco shop, so this rating is based on tacos. Will def be going back the next time I visit Arizona!
3	So I went to lunch here on a Friday and the place was full, but then again it isn't all that big. The interior is fairly nice for a Mexican food joint and what first caught my eye was the salsa bar. At least 10 different kind of salsas for the taking. This is a good omen. Gourmet Taco's feels incredibly insincere. It is like when MacDonald's have "a la carte" on the to of their back lit wall menu. It becomes a joke. I had the shrimp tacos that comes when ordering some cheesy slur that most surely contains the words 'baja' or 'cabo' or something silly to that nature. I also ordered the horchata to go with my lunch. The order is two decently filled tacos with both double corn tortillas. The shrimp wasn't the long monster that I expected but instead three minor in each taco. This was OK. Then it was filled with some kind of cabbagy mass that was completely raw and tasteless - but would look good on a  picture. This was not OK - tasteless filler is pointless. The horchata was tasty, but way too much ice in the glass. The salsa bar did not disappoint - they have hot and mild and spicy and seasonal, in this case some strawberry salsa that was strangely tangy. But I love the variety. I liked the food. Not all of our party did enjoy their meal, but I did. But it is too pricey for Mexican food.. because it isn't that spectacular at all. The price would be the discouragement for me, when it comes to my return factor. I have had better tacos for cheaper. that is the bottom line - but it wasn't bad. Not at all. In summary; meal was good but too expensive.
4	I had an extremely hard time deciding whether to rate this restaurant three or four stars. It is a solid 3.5 stars, but I decided to raise it due to the free salsa bar and authentic food.The restaurant is a small location with an all-you can eat salsa bar with various flavours such as cilantro salsa, peanut salsa, tomatillo salsa, and strawberry salsa just to name a few from the selection. The meal also came with a free bowl of tortilla chips, but extra bowls cost more. The tortilla chips were a little thin for me, but definitely tasted authentic.I ordered the taco plate with two different tacos. When ordering it was a bit difficult to understand what the waiter was saying, but contrary to the menu, he said that you can have two different tacos on the menu instead of one type on the taco plate for $8.99. In the end I paid more than the $8.99 for my taco plate in the end.I got to taste three different tacos and a part of a burrito after sharing with some other people eating with me. My wild white fish taco was extremely crunchy, but disappointing due to the fish ultimately being too big for the corn wraps. The traditional Mexican taco was very spicy, and the meat was fairly flavourful. The best taco was the pork shoulder taco which was moist and tasted great. I also tried all of the tacos with the spicy guacamole provided at the salsa bar for an added kick. The pork burrito used a flour tortilla and was relatively bland aside from the pineapple salsa which was a refreshing sweet flavour.Overall it was a nice portion, but was a little expensive. The food is definitely authentic and provided a delicious taco.
4	I was excited to try this restaurant because of the other great reviews that others had written. The restaurant is fairly small, but definitely authentically Mexican. When my party and I first sat down, we were given a bowl of fresh tortilla chips, and were encouraged to try a variety of salsas at the salsa bar. The salsas were interesting to taste, and helped make this restaurant unique from others that I have tried.I ordered the tamarind soda, which was nothing special, and honestly just tasted like normal soda. Although the restaurant is well-known for their tacos, I decided to order the Al Pastor burro (burrito) which contained pork, guacamole, pineapple salsa and lettuce. The burrito tasted flavorful, fresh and delicious. I would definitely come back for another round.
4	So fantastic! The salsa bar alone is worth going to see, unique tasty salsas. The tacos are big not street tacos, found out after I ordered 5 of them, but had plenty of take homes. Their horchata is the best I've ever had. The place it's self is small so make sure you get there before the rush. But absolutely check it out!
2	Now, I'm going to give this restaurant a poor review not because of the food (because we all know that it's the bomb.com), but I'm specifically referring to my most recent experience. I ordered a to-go order, as I live right around the corner. I was quoted 15 minutes. This was a Tuesday evening. Apparently, they were slammed and this wasn't usual. However, I came 20 minutes later and my food wasn't ready. This is excusable, it was busy. However, I waited to simply be acknowledged standing at the cash register for almost 5 minutes. It's a small restaurant, I'm not invisible in the place. I finally pay, and then my food is handed to me. No big deal, right?I get home, and realize that both of the precious deep fried quesadillas are barely edible. They had been so overcooked that they were mostly solid dark matter on the inside. I was heartbroken, but decided that I would call back the next morning to mention it, because they were busy. That was a mistake, I was told that the owner is only there on two specific days of the week, and of course, that wouldn't be there until the following week. They wouldn't provide me a number for the owner (nor a name now that I think about it). I left my name and phone number, and still haven't received a phone call. This was two weeks ago. So...I'm not happy, and I probably won't eat there again based off of the principle. Which sucks, because I like the food, but hate the service thus far.
5	Can fill up on the salsa bar and out of this world horchata alone! The street tacos and bullet burrito are all amazing. Margaritas are mixed well.
5	Oh. My. God.Best taco I have ever eaten in my entire life. No lie. My husband and friend said the same thing when they took their first bites.The salsa bar is great, too, but OMG those tacos.......
5	Simply my favorite tacos in Maricopa County. We've sampled several different types and they all were amazing! Great for lunch and we got quick service. They also took our large family group even though the space is limited. You should go.
4	The food was very good and very fresh.  Trying out the different salsas was cool - I have never eaten anywhere that had that.  The price was right!  I had a huge meal, beer and horchata for $20.  That said, the food did not blow my mind. 4 stars seems about right.
5	Awesome salsa bar. The Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco melts in your mouth. The horchata tastes like a liquid cinnamon bun.
5	I hadn't been there in quite some time but went for lunch on Monday. Amazing! Had the chicken mole quesa which tasted great and was more than enough for lunch and dinner that night. Also had a salad which was really good. I'll go back often!
5	Popped in here over the Labor Day weekend after reading the Yelp Reviews.  One word....WOW!The tortilla chips were fresh and not soaked in grease, the 20+ salsa's were fresh and flavorful, the burritos and street tacos were some of the best we ever had.  To top it off, our server was wonderful.It's a small place with 20 or so tables, if their busy I urge you to wait it out.  They turn the tables quickly and it will be with the wait!
5	We visited here on a Saturday afternoon and we immediately knew this was a place that we would be returning to regularly. The food was wonderful and the salsa bar was just plain fun. The wait staff was extremely helpful in understanding their menu and her recommendations were spot on.  We're looking forward to working our way through their entire menu, one visit at a time!
5	It is the superlative bean and cheese burrito in Phoenix! Classic taste and the refried beans are not cooked in lard, which is nice for vegetarians to know and whatever oils they use give them a good savory taste. No bland beans here! If dairy is not your thing, the Ghandi Vegan burrito has fresh guacamole and black beans matched by no other. And if the entrees weren't enough, there is also THE best salsa bar of all time. The red chipotle salsa must have some sort of addictive substance in it, as I cannot stop at just two servings. The service is top notch and the atmosphere is mellow. My only issue is that it's kinda hard to see from the road. But you can see the sign pretty easy if you're looking for it.
5	BEST TACOS EVER!Gourmet tacos are fantastic but these are the best of the best.  The al pastor tacos as well as the al pastor quesa are amazing.  The pork is marinated and has great flavor, the inclusion of pineapple adds sweetness which works great with the savory flavor of the pork.  My personal favorite is the chicken mole which is not for everyone but I love it.  The mole sauce has great depth of flavor.  It is made from unsweetend cocoa and chiles.  Unusual but delicious!  The salsa bar has a great selection.  I recommend the chipotle salsa with its smoky flavor.  The tomotillo and guacamole are excellent.
5	This was me and my wife's first time to the Gourmet taco shop. We absolutely loved it. Great salsa bar, best horchata ever and classic take on Mexican food. Definitely recommend this place.
5	I tried this joint simply because of the great reviews on yelp. I was not disappointed. There is an awesome salsa bar. The service was great. The staff was helpful and friendly. The food alone was worth the trip, but there was just so many wonderful elements. I had a steak and bean burro. The steak was seasoned perfectly and had a nice crust of season on it. The horchata is seriously the best I've ever had. I can't wait to take everyone I know to this great spot. Enjoy!
5	This place is simply the best. This is my favorite Mexican food in Phoenix. I have sent MANY people here and every single person has been amazed. I moved to Seattle and boy do I miss this place. The service, atmosphere, and most importantly the food is GREAT. It is all fresh and I don't know who is back there making this heavenly food but they definitely know what they are doing! The salsa bar is huge and all of them are amazing. I can't wait to visit Phoenix so I can go again. They used to be call La Condessa.. not sure why the changed their name but who cares as long as they still have those amazing tacos, amazing burritos and that amazing salsa bar.  Side note: I am a vegetarian and have had no problem with the selection of vegetarian food. Definitely worth it.
5	La Santisima has a great variety of Mexican foods from many different regions of mexico, with a depth and richness of flavor that is absolutely amazing. Their happy hour is extraordinarily reasonable, but one of my favorite things is the salsa bar. Around 20 salsas with a variety of flavors and ingredients, from a pecan salsa, to old standbys like pico de gallo. I would highly recommend this restaurant to ANYONE, and have brought folks visiting from out of town. Everyone agrees, this is the best of the best.P.S. The place is definitely cozy. I would recommend coming in during happy hours if you are trying to avoid a crowd.
5	I was totally blown away with La Santisima. The salsa bar was top notch. Over a dozen to choose from, each delicious. The pico de gallo was some of the best I've had. A creamy guacamole and a cilantro sauce were highlights as well. The tacos were phenomenal. Each topped with salsa and garnish that complimented perfectly. Even the beans and rice were incredible. So much flavor in such traditionally simple sides. The interior is fun and quirky, decorated with luchadors, sugar skulls and other interesting Mexican art.
5	What took me so long to get to La Santisima?  Not much to add to the myriad of great reviews about this place other than to say Yelpers are dead on with this one.  The food, drinks, atmosphere, and staff all make this place a valley favorite for good reason.  Tonight my brother and his wife took me here as a late birthday present.  They've been here dozens of times and love it.  So I was confident what I was about to get would be pretty money.  And it was.Let me first confirm what so many are saying about a specific drink here.  The Horchata.  Yes, its enormous and yes its awesome.  Has a nice light texture with accents of cinnamon and nuts.  The salsa bar here is also as extensive as advertised.  My brother and sister grabbed cups of each and every salsa for me to try (which was hilarious to watch since they were carrying full handfuls of salsa cups).  My favorite salsas were probably their cilantro and tomatillo.  As for the main course, its a taco shop first and foremost so I went the taco route.  The two that Yelp suggested most were the Mayan Cochinita and Cabo Shrimp.  Outstanding choices.  The cochinita pork was out of this world tender and delicious.  And the cabo shrimp was delicious and the portion on the taco was VERY generous (I could barely hold it on the tortilla).  The other thing that stood out to me was the rice on the side.  Seriously.  This isn't your run of the mill rice.  It's got a creamy savory thing going on.  Not sure exactly what they put in there (though I did pick up on some corn notes), but that rice is good stuff.  We didn't do dessert this time, but I'm sure I'll give that a try next time I'm here.The service we received was super friendly and on point.  The place is small with seating for no more than 20 and it was pretty busy on a Saturday night.  So on most nights you might have to wait just a bit for a table.  Parking here is also pretty scarce so keep that in mind.  Its quintessentially traditional and delivers a wonderfully tasty experience.  I'll be back regularly and that horchata will likely accompany each of those visits.
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to. The taco bar was awesome...we went crazy over it! Special mention for cilantro, pecan, guacamole salsa. Th e main course was also really good. Tried the fish taco and I wasn't dissapointed and hubby was happy wi th his chicken taco. Portions are generous and best part about this place is that they have a lot of options for vegetarians.we will be coming back here for sure :)
5	Yeah, so, everything everyone else is saying about this place is true.  Marvelous tacos, great salsa, cozy and cool.  I had the tacos with chimichurri and pabil (sp?).  I would have ordered more but I had to run back to the hotel for a work meeting.
5	Delicious Mexican food with flavor! The mango margarita on the rocks was fantastic!
5	WOW! Visiting in Phoenix so visited Yelp for a restaurant recommendation. La Santisima was the winner and I couldn't be moe pleased with my meal! You MUST try the Shrimp Taco! It is fabulous!! I will definitely be back for more!!!
4	Overall great food with a good selection of items. Both tacos I ordered were very good and extremely fresh. The chips were good and the salsa bar was the best I have seen. I would for sure go back and recommend this place to anyone having a taco craving. The only negative and reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was that parking was not good and it is a little hard to locate, even though it is right on 16th street.  Again, overall great food with reasonable prices and makes for a great lunch.
2	I bought a groupon here last year and finally got around to trying the place. My son and I are pretty picky eaters, so we kind of created our own. I ordered a chicken and bean burrito enchilada style, with rice and beans on the side. I don't know what the heck was in that burrito, but pretty sure the meat was not chicken. I had a stomach ache before even walking out....I honestly should have asked for a different item. I don't know what was wrong with the meat. The portion itself was huge. Very large plate. The salsa bar I liked, lots of different options, Inside was cute. Warning though, parking is a hot mess, its literally on 16th st. Good luck getting out of there during traffic. Waiter was nice, but slow. Over all I was disappointed. I will say, the beer battered fish taco sounded good. May go back to try that, but other than that based on what I ate, we wont be returning.
5	So, mi media naranja and I were flying out of Phoenix early in the morning: we were headed to Boston for a couple of weeks. I didn't want to get up at the butt-crack of dawn to drive up to PHX from Tucson, so we decided to stay the night close to the airport. Of course the normal "what do you want for dinner" conversation started, and we decided we wanted some good Mexican food before we left the desert Southwest. Yelp led us here; when was the last time you saw a 4 1/2 star review with 500-some odd reviews?Those 4 1/2 stars weren't lying. The salsa bar is ridiculously fantastic! Strawberry salsa? Yes please! I had four helpings of the robano pibil salsa. Chips were sorta warm, nothing incredible; the real star was the salsa. I ordered a couple of al pastor tacos and a Mayan Cochinita pibil. The pastor was delicious, and the Mayan taco?? The pork was mouthwateringly tender and perfectly seasoned. I felt sad when my plate was empty. My better half had the cabo shrimp taco, which she didn't seem super excited about. The mole taco, however, got her talking; incredibly, she shared a bite with me. I agreed; it was phenomenal. Service was fast and courteous. I'd take off 1/2 star for using the restrooms as a storage area for extra dining-room chairs. Kinda gross. Overall, though, it was excellent and I am glad we went!
5	I was realllllly craving horchata and was phyched to be in the area, so I did a quick run in to go order at lunch time on a week day.  I was impressed with how they handled the crowd, they had a flow.  I also ordered some al pastor tacos, while waiting I filled some to go cup from their salsa bar, then waited at the bar. They gave me water and were very friendly even while busy as can be.  When I left and dug in to my al pastor I was sooooo impressed.  It was tied with the best I have ever had.  So amazing! Street tacos are the way to go!  I won't wait so long to come back next time!
5	Very good food with awesome price!
5	Wow wow wow wow wowBest Mexican around. Only reason I tried this place was because of all the reviews. Doesn't look like much from the outside but it was amazing. Awesome salsa bar! The guacamole is different but awesome! The street tacos with great too. I'll be coming back to try more stuff!
5	The only words that can express how great this Mexican place are...OMG yummy!  Once you dine at La Santisima you will be hooked for life!  Try to get there before 11:30am or after the lunch crowd 2:00pm or you might have a challenge getting a table.
5	Tiiiiiiny little place, but with very cool decor[ artists exhibiting their paintings], day of the dead theme.Not that it -matters-, because with the food that is served here, it could be all paper plates and plastic cups and I do not think anyone would -care-.  We came here on a sunday evening, with a -very- hyperactive 5 year old in tow-as the restaurant itself is -very- small, even the smallest sounds he made felt like they would bring on an avalanche- or maybe I was just self conscious, as no one seemed to mind. The staff were very attentive and kind, the food arrived super quickly. And now onto the food-O M GI had the Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken tacos- they were incredible.Rich, thick, delicious, amazingggggggly good. My son had Mayan Cochinita Pibil tacos[banana leaf roasted pork shoulder], and though usually I do not like pork, but from what I had of his, was delicious. Husband had Aztec Tinga[shredded chicken] bowl, with a fresh tortilla the size of a UFO saucer.  There is a salsa bar with about 12-16 different, freshly made salsa;from pico de gallo to more exotic offerings such as strawberry salsa[the bomb], creamy cilantro salsa, creamy cashew .etc etc.All were super fresh and very tasty.We will definitely be back-the mole sauce alone was worth the drive!
5	Tacos the way they should be. I cannot rave enough about this place. Considering myself a foodie that likes to try NEW places all the time, I found myself coming back to this gem on vacation. The mahi mahi and shrimp taco special combo were so unbelievably good, I would rank them above the Grand Canyon. Was I just that hungry?...um no. Salsa bar is great and there are bottomless chips, margarita was tasty. Service is average, but if you come here for service you have it all wrong!
5	Everything was terrific! The salsa bar had huge variety. Had the Condesa Mahi Mahi tacos, and the veggies were fresh and perfectly cooked. We had a huge party, 8 moms and 10 kids under the age of 5. (We had just toured Stuffington Bear Factory and we are a very rowdy hungry crew). They treated us wonderfully and service was exceptional. All the moms raved about the food. Next time we visit we need to leave the kids at home ;-)
5	Absolutely phenomenal. I can't say enough about this GOURMET taco restaurant. Granted, this menu has more than tacos but you need to look no further than those filthy goooooood tacos. I have came here a few time with several different groups, not once did the sitting render tasteless. I've ordered almost every taco and each is extraordinary within itself. I am a Carne Asada enthusiast! With that said this dandy delight of a taco magician has various types of steak cooked various ways, all producing the bountiful bliss of juicy satisfaction. The salsa bar is a blessing in itself, so many varieties you don't run across at any other taco restaurant. The reviews speak for them self... Get here!
5	Have been to the new La Santisima in Glendale three times and keep going back.  Love the authentic taste, best Mexican food we've ever had.  Hope everyone is aware there is one on the west side....5932 W. Glendale Ave.  The ambiance is great too. They need to advertise this location more!  Pat N.
4	Salsa bar alone is worth it.  Awesome artwork is worth it.  Best tacos/burritos are the cactus ones.  Not overpriced.  We love this place.
4	This is the diamond in the rough type mexican food you'd expect out of Phoenix. Fresh tacos. Love the salsa bar. Guacamole is fresh and tasty, almost a little sweet. Give it a try people.
4	Delicioso! This is a neighborhood hole in the wall that serves some pretty great mole. I am a mole fiend. Love the stuff. Can't get enough. Their's is dark, rich, spicy, and the right amount of sweet. (Also how I like my men, hey-o). (Just kidding.) Also, who doesn't love a salsa bar? I've never even heard of most of them: pecan salsa? peanut salsa? Um, why are you only giving me 4 lids for the to-go cups? Like I'm not going to try them all ...
1	This place MUST have paid for their reviews. . I'm sure I'll eventually see this review being removed. Service here is beyond horrible. It took a table next to us 10 minutes before being greeted. Keep in mind, there's only about 10 tables in the whole place.. All in one small room. The food here is bland. Gross. The steak taco and burro we ordered were both full of gristle. Also got a specialty burro with shrimp. Blah. All bland with no flavor.For having menu prices on the higher end of the spectrum, you would expect a better location. Scary!!! The only deserving star for this place is their salsa's. They do a good job with the salsa, I must admit.  But I don't see myself going somewhere JuSt for the complimentary salsa.Do yourself a favor and go a couple blocks over to EL Nopalito's
5	I love this place! The service is quick and friendly and the food is great! There are more than enough vegetarian options and too much good salsa to try! My favorite was the cilantro and the pecan dressing. They are so fresh and the food didn't take long to come at all. I will definitely visit again next time I'm in Phoenix
4	Fantastic. I had gaucho borro, was delicious but I should have added rice and beans. Margaritas were tasty too. Guacamole was from perfectly ripe avocados, which I really appreciated.If you go at night, don't be discouraged by the total lack of lighting outside. Inside the food was great and staff was welcoming.
4	Great place. Easy to miss though, so look closely. Small place and not much parking! Once we actually found it (we drove right past it the first time) we were greeted warmly. The menu is extensive and there are a ton of great options for vegetarians. First time I've ever had grilled cactus (and it was great!). The server was friendly, the food was fresh, and everything came out really quickly. They also have a salsa bar so you can try a bunch of different salsas on your food. The decor was also pretty awesome- lots of Day of the Dead decor. The overwhelmingly positive reviews are justified.
4	Kool small joint, reminds me of the Mission District in my old San Fran hood.  Authentic street food. Cheap prices, strong salty Patron Margaritas. Insane horchata in a huge glass ?40 oz???   Ridiculous slow service on Saturday nights.  Chips not salted but thats ok because of the kick ass salsa collection.
1	This place was extremely disappointing! After having some amazing fish tacos in SD, I wanted to find something here that would hold me over until my next trip. After reading the reviews for this place, I was sure this was going to be my spot. Oh how wrong I was! I got the shark and mahi mahi taco special with horchata. My friends got the white fish taco plate with that nasty ass red drink. Everything tasted so awful. I didn't even finish one of my tacos because I was so disgusted by it. My friends finished theirs but that's just because they were hungry. Afterwards, we all got sick from the food. Yuck, even thinking about it makes me want to vomit.
1	Wow where to start...If you decide to give this place a try based on their "good" ratings and reviews you're better off looking elsewhere.Me and my girlfriend were looking for ordinary tacos and when we noticed the awesome ratings and good reviews this place had achieved, we thought it would be at least decent.When we got there and ordered our drinks, I ordered the horchata because according to people on Yelp, they had the best one could taste.As soon as I got mine, I noticed it had some kind of canned fruit on top, if had some sort of strawberry syrup and to top it off, it had a brownish color instead of the usual white.When I tried it, it was so sweet that one sip is all I could take before I decided to tell the waiter to take it back because I was not going to pay for that.My girlfriend's Jamaica also had a purple color to it and she told me it tasted like grape Kool-aid.When we were attempting to order food, all I wanted from the start was a few simple tacos...Their tacos were $2.97 each!!!  That is absolute madness!!!For the size of the tortilla and the quality of the taco, the MOST those could have been worth anywhere else was $1.25.When everything was going bad and our night had been ruined, me and my girlfriend started looking around and we noticed that only white people were eating there.Then everything made sense; white people don't know REAL mexican food, so they assume this crap quality was the "best they had ever tasted" and thus very good review on yelp came from white people.If you know what real mexican food tastes like and are looking for just simple tacos, DO NOT GO TO THIS UTTERLY AMERICANIZED MEXICAN JOINT!!!!You will be sorely disappointed.ANY cheap taco stand in Mexico can beat the taste of these so called "street tacos" AND FOR A THIRD OF THE PRICE!!!If I could I would give this place 0 stars.
4	I was craving street tacos and this place is as close to the street tacos you will get in Rocky Point. It's a small quaint place but they have such a variety of different salsas I didn't even know existed. The corn tortillas were fresh and the carne asada tacos were extremely on point. I'll be coming back here sooner than you think just to get my taco fix!
4	Came as a recommendation by a friend that visited here when he was in Phoenix.I also had to come because there was HAPPY HOUR and UNLIMITED SALSA.TINGA STREET TACO ($1.25)- wasn't too spicy- very well marinated- I originally only ordered 1 but couldn't resist and ordered another one soon after I finished the first one!CARNE ASADA STREET TACO ($1.25)- meat was relatively tender- good but definitely preferred the Tinga Street Taco moreMARGARITA ($3)- not too strong that it tasted like alcohol but there was definitely alcohol in there.- good drink to help celebrate the beginning of the weekend. HORCHATA ($3.99)- VERY GOOD- different from any horchata I had before; it had dices of cantaloupe, honeydew, and strawberry- super large thirst quencherUNLIMITED SALSA BAR- any salsa from strawberry, cilantro, pecan, or pico de gallo- I almost tried everything because well I've never been to a place with so much variety- it also helped that I had unlimited chips so I just kept tryingSERVICE: nothing too special. Staff members were friendly and refilled my water appropriately.ENVIRONMENT: a bit hidden in a not so great part of Phoenix. There is the large signage that you know it's not the wrong place. The place doesn't get too busy which was good.Overall, great place for tacos. I can't compare it to other places in Phoenix but I did enjoy my visit. They are a bit different than the tacos I have in LA Taco Trucks mainly because I get different kinds. The price is reasonable and well UNLIMITED SALSA BAR! Also try the horchata...it's so refreshing!
5	Love this place! Great atmosphere, excellent variety of salsas, amazing horchata and the tacos are fabulous! We came from south Gilbert for no other reason than to come here. It's definitely worth the trip!
5	We went based on recommendation and it did not let down.  Great taco place.  Ok I am going to go Spanish on this one.  Delicioso!
4	We must have arrived at an odd time for them to be busy because the service was lacking. The kid was super sweet, but we waited and waited... and then waited some more. The food made up for the wait, but we were HANGRY when we got there and it almost got ugly. We got street tacos and they were awesome. We wanted to go back when we were flying back out of PHX, but we totally would have missed our flight and no tacos are worth that. That being said, one of the reasons we came here is because Yelp said that vegetarians go nuts here... and that was just not true at all. Veggie options left MUCH to be desired, so beware.
5	Off the charts delicious and menu is extensive and unique. Best occixicana tacos ever. Can't wait to come back.
5	The fish burrito here is my favorite and don't forget to try the horchata--best I've had! They load it with extra cinnamon, pecans, cantaloupe and strawberries. The salsa bar is amazing and the quesadillas are deep fried--yum!
5	The burro was fabulous. Hard to describe how wonderful the food is. The horchata was the best we ever had.
5	The best Mexican food I've ever had. The street tacos are the best. Good friendly service too. Small though so hard with big groups.
5	If you don't get the horchata then you are making the biggest mistake of your life.... There are something's in life where you overlook the bad because the good outweighs it. Not gonna lie, the location and atmosphere is maybe a 3/5. But Dan says good tacos are always in the most ghetto areas so we had high hopes. The place was full when we arrived and filled with an assortment of people. It was promising. This place did not disappoint. I had the sorano arrachero taco plate (or whatever... Something like that) and Dan got the carne asada street tacos. Right when I bit into it I knew..... This was going to be a good meal. Dan is a taco snob and gave the street tacos 10 stars. Very rare. My tacos made me forget that our table was wobbly and that it was hard to find this place at night.Just go and eat the tacos.... Just do it. Food 5/5 Atmosphere 4/5 Overall 5/5
5	Everything here is delicious...  from the salsa bar to the quesa to the horchata to the street tacos...  I don't think you can go wrong.
5	All delish! Burro Taco recommended by waiter was a great choice. The fish taco was excellent as well as the shrimp taco. Salsa is done right! Can't wait to visit again! Great atmosphere and service. The decor is interesting!
4	Specialty taco and margaritas are great. The Mayan taco is also good. Mole and Marlin were interesting but not as good.
4	Order at the counter and decided to try lots. Street tacos were good but not the best I've had. Quesadilla with shrimp and chilies was amazing. Chips and all the salsas were great and the guacamole with cranberries was also very good and a nice change. Margarita was very good. Downside was the paper lined baskets and plastic utensils for eating. I'd go back but didn't leave raving like so many others.
5	Yes!! Go here! Order anything and it will be delicious. Guacamole and horchata are highlights!
5	So good!  Had a burro,  ate half took home the rest.  I'm now eating the other half for breakfast and have been brought back to a euphoric verde sauce heaven!
5	An oustanding, quality restaurant with reasonable prices.  The carne asada bowl that I had was amazing.  Enough for two meals for me, but it was so good, I ate it all at one time.  I did take out and while waiting saw all of the dishes come out to the customers.  Everything looked amazing.  I can't wait to return and try some of the other items.  The salsa bar was amazing with over 12 choices of different salsa.  I mixed the guacamole (hot) and cilantro (mild)  salsa and it was one of the best that I have ever tried with the perfect level of spice for me.  You can't miss this place.  Thanks again for a great meal.
5	Chips and salsa before your meal: YesSelf serve salsa bar: YesIf you are looking for some daytime tacos this is the place to go. Tica tacos, carne asada, cochinita pibil, shrimp and even shark tacos. Vegetarian choices also available. If you love real horchata you'll love it even more here. They have the best horchata ever with fruit and crushed walnuts. This place is perfect because you can walk off the calories at Papago Park, Indian Steele Park or check out the sites downtown which are all within 10 minutes or less away.
5	Veggie taco was awesome and so was the chile verde burro.  Service was good and the server took time to explain several items which was very helpful.  Salsa bar was excellent.  The only negative is the limited seating.
4	Love this place! Great atmosphere, excellent variety of salsas, amazing horchata and the tacos are fabulous! We came from south Gilbert for no other reason than to come here. It's definitely worth the trip!
1	Worst service u can ever imagine and what type of Mexican restaurant can't make guacamole because they ran out of tomatos?!?
4	This is the diamond in the rough type mexican food you'd expect out of Phoenix. Fresh tacos. Love the salsa bar. Guacamole is fresh and tasty, almost a little sweet. Give it a try people.
4	The salsa bar was an instant hit amongst my family. The guacamole was creamy and spicy. The salsa Mexicana was our favorite. Food was wonderful and inexpensive. Service was fast considering how busy the restaurant was and there were only 2 waitresses. Would definitely recommend it!
4	Amazing salsa bar! There wasn't one that I disliked, although there was a chipotle one that I loved the most. The pastor tacos were the best of the street tacos we tried. Amazing flavor! The carne asada was okay; not great. Would go back for the salsa, pastor, and to try other things.
3	The service was very poor and slow.. We didn't get water or our drinks order taken until 15min  after we had arrived. The waitress wasn't very friendly and didn't check on our table after the food arrived. We had to stop her when walking to another table to get our check. The salsas are delicious and there is large variety. The food was great. I would come back  for the food but the service is discouraging.
5	I was here!  Guy Fieri came earlier than me as well!The best modern Mexican and first Mexican place we went to in Phoenix.  This place is a hit!The service was slow and they forgot our drink orders a few times.  But the tequila they suggested was good.Here comes the most important part.. their food.  We ordered their shark taco to share.  I had their El Gaucho Burro and my wife had their El Gaucho Quesa.  My wife is not a big quesadilla fan, but she liked it and it was so good when I tried it!  Her quesa had the perfect crisp texture to each bite.  My burro was excellent.  Since we both had El Gaucho, the fillings were the same ingredients.  Here's the climax.  They put cucumbers and bell peppers into their El Gaucho Burro and Quesa; that is a genius idea!  Those 2 ingredients brang out the taste of each individual ingredient from our burro and quesa.Man, it was good!Prices are good.They have their own salsa bar.  I recommend their creamy cilantro salsa.  They also have good spicy ones as well.A chips refill for your chips and salsa will cost you about $2?Oh yeah, this place is pretty small.  They try to utilize as much as they can.Very rare you will find Chinese eating Mexican, but I saw a few here.Got to come here.
4	The self serve salsa had a great variety and was a lot of fun. The margaritas weren't amazing, but the food certainly was. I enjoyed a few street tacos, but particularly enjoyed the refried beans. I was visiting Phoenix, but it is definitely the best Mexican food I've had in a long time.
4	Service was very good and it was an enjoyable experience. The acoustics have to be the worst I have expeienced but I personally don't care. Acoustic ceiling tile might be an inexpensive solution. Very small place with everyone talking very loudly basically drowns out the music. Customers appeared to enjoy the atmosphere, food, drinks and company. I felt some things were excellent and others average. That tells me to try other things from a large menu. For me the true highlight was the La Santisima Mahi-Mahi Lonche. I have taken a couple of pictures of an item a couple of times but this was my first time to take three photo's of one item. It should be enjoyable to return many times to try different things. They are rightfully very proud of their restaurant. The positives far outweigh the negatives.
5	Best Mexican food I had ever had. Of course, this isn't saying much considering East Coast Mexican food has nothing on West Coast. Now I know.I came here twice.This place was so good,  I dreamed about eating their shark taco that night. And the next and our last day in Phoenix we went back to get more. Nice way to round out our stay in Phoenix. Best meal for last. First Night:The Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco taco is where it's at. Perfectly crispy beer batter. Amazingly soft and tender fish. Topped with cabbage and some kind of yogurt or mayo sauce. Not sure where else you can get dogfish shark tacos, but I wish all my fish tacos could be shark from now on. Make sure you order the shark taco and not the regular fish one.If you're not a seafood person, the Mayan Conchita Pork Shoulder is a good taco to get. The pork shoulder was cooked until tender and the sauce was delicious and flavorful. The pickled onions on top is a perfect combo with the pork.Second Night:The second time around I had the shark taco again. This time I also tried the Cabo Shrimp Taco. Another amazing taco. The shrimps were large, and I'm not sure what they put in their batter but it was so crispy with a nice tang to it. I also tried some of the Al Pastor Street Tacos. Order this if you want something strong in flavor and charred. The street tacos are also cheaper than the gourmet ones.Sides:The Guac was chunky and fresh with tomatoes, cilantro, onions, and I think cranberries. The salsas were all average until I tried the jicama one. It's so fresh with the lime and cilantro. Best salsa I had ever had. Each table gets a free basket of tortilla chips. We got two for our table of four.I never had a horchata before, but it seemed to be the recommended drink to get. I wasn't a big fan of it. Not that it wasn't good, but maybe I'm just not a fan of horchata in general. The pecans, cantaloupe, and strawberries did provide freshness to the drink, but it was too overpowered by cinnamon. The drink is huge at 32 oz.There is only one guy acting as a server, so service can be a little slow. But these tacos are worth the patience. The restaurant itself is a little bit cramped but there is enough seating. There's also one large table for a big group.On a side note, I saw a picture of Guy Fieri on a board next to the salsa bar. He seemed to have signed it with the date 12/14. Future Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives joint?
