4	Was able to check out this new boutique hotel at a party Saturday night. I didn't get to see any of the rooms but did get a good look at the lobby, restaurant, bar and grounds. I'll admit the outside doesn't look like much but once you walk through to doors it's a whole different story. Everything is swankily decorated in black and white with touches of purple, pink, and silvery gray. There's a nice little lounge next to the bar and separate table in an elevated alcove with bar stools. The chandeliers hanging over the table are the centerpiece here as they look as though they are elaborate wax sculptures.The courtyard has a nicely appointed pool and hot tub with tented seating areas and beds along with chaise lounges scattered about. There are several hammocks hung on tall palm trees over sandy beach-like areas throughout the grounds. Although you can see the sign for the Hard Rock across the street it does feels as though you are in a different, more chill part of Vegas. FYI, there are is no gambling available on the property as far as I could tell so if you're looking for that then this might not be the place for you.After looking at the pics online and seeing the rates I'm very tempted to give this hotel a try. It looks like a good place to get away from the usual crowds and noise of Vegas while still being relatively close to the Strip.
5	Everything looks clean and newly renovated from the lobby, elevator, hallways & rooms. Rumor Vegas is the former home of St Tropez Hotel. They have a 24 hour pool, 24 hour bar area and a restaurant with a chef from one of the popular food reality TV shows. The hotel is 18+ as the pool area has European bathing.I like the large room with sitting area, the rainfall style shower head, flat screen LCD that is attached to a swing arm, WiFi property wide that is currently $9.95 & is included in the resort fee of the same price at the time of this review. The modern sinks and shower with embedded seat is something you don't find at even the largest of hotels. The wall accents are also different and somewhat fun inside of the room. I got a second story room that faced Harmon Rd. The sound level from the cars passing by was barely noticeable and I had no problem sleeping.I happened to be staying at the hotel during the annual DefCon convention. Rumor hosted the Ninja Networks party that was invite only with about 2,000 people that attended. Everyone was having a great time inside and out with a band and DJ. He stayed until about 5 am the next morning.When I checked out, the front desk person asked me if I needed any recommendations or help with my luggage. He was as courteous as the person that checked me in a few days prior. The room was complimentary and was not in return for any review. I would recommend this property to others and I already have.
4	I just returned from a Vegas trip that included a two night stay at the Rumor. I took advantage of a promotional offer they had that provided one night's free stay with one night's reservation. Yes, that's right, half off. I booked the two bedroom double queen suite, which has 500 sq. ft. of bedroom, bathroom, and living room space. Neurotic as I am, I comparison shopped this to rooms with similar rates and this was by far one of the biggest in square footage. The accomodations are quite lovely. The room is very comfortable- the beds were wonderful. I loved the rain shower head. The decor is very modern leaning, which I think is well done in the rooms. However, I found some aspects of the lobby teetering on the verge of tacky (but that's just a matter or personal preference, don't let that sway you away from staying here). Oh, the decor was also weird in the toilet area. The wallpaper's just a bit "busy" so if you're looking forward to an alcohol-filled night, this may not be the toilet you want to turn to when the party winds down. The pool is 24-hours so you can lay out whenever you feel like it. You can soak in the hot tub, regular pool, or fountain pool and it was never so crowded that you'd want to avoid it. (Plus, as someone mentioned, it's European style--- my friends said they saw a woman with "pretty boobs"-- don't know if that matters, but I'm just throwing that out there). It's right across the street from the Hard Rock so it's far enough from the strip so you can have some solitude, but close enough so that a cab ride doesn't kill your pocket. It cost us about $11 to get to Encore- just for a cost reference. However, I noticed quite a few people stayed on the grounds and partied and seemed to have a good time. The lobby acts as a small "club" and bar and it was rather packed. A few words of warning/encouragement:- no fridge, just ice machine (aka don't try to bring leftovers home, unless you like upset stomach)- some cabs are not yet hip to the Rumor's location so you may have to refer to it as "the old Saint Tropez" or right across from the Hard Rock - as it is fairly new, there were some waves of weird paint smell, particularly from the closet area- take advantage of the hammocks. i forgot to and i'm kicking myself right now. - hit up the pool at least once. - check facebook for pool specials (they often give out passwords for drink specials)- parking is valet only, but there's no fee so it'll only cost you tip for each in/out - staff is very nice, but during slow hours they tend to slow down too (I attribute it to them working out the kinks and getting the ball rolling)- if you love purple, you'll love the rooms
4	I'm happy to report this place rocks :) I've stayed here twice within the last few months and both times have been incredibly pleasant and memorable. Overall, the decor is fun and chic, but the staff here is what makes this place shine....from the moment you are greeted by the valet, to the bartenders at the bar. Its a team effort and with smiles/charm abound...even Vic, the hot little tattooed number aka..le chef...is a winner!hop in the pool ( what a fun oasis!)  and  test out the resto menu (it's superb!) ...I guarantee it's worth every penny and more
4	Very clean. Friendly service. need more outlets for plugs and lighting inside the room looks like vampire place, maybe because they are renovating the place from the previous owner, other than that nice place took bad its down the strip and that parking is valet, they need a strcture, maybe one day. Would go back and reserve again and next time try the food
4	Very cool boutique and amazing pool area! I have never been to Miami, but this is what I imagine Miami to be as far as the decor.
3	I went back home to Vegas to work and for a girls night out. I was very excited about staying at Rumor. I pulled up and the Valet was very friendly. The front desk was great. The decor is very contemporary and modern..loved it. The drinks are good at the bar. Everyone working there was very friendly. The pool area was nice and they had dance music playing all day and night through out the hotel which was great. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone over 45.Now for the room. walking down the halls the place smelled very clean and looked clean also.  I walked into the room it is modern and nice. The drawbacks are there is no fridge in the room,no iron/board in the room, no room service, the ice machine was broken by our room. The tub is huge. They need to leave a booklet in the room to let guests know what services and/or dining options are available. I did enjoy their food it was fresh and good. They also charge a resort fee of $10 a day which I don't think anything was included in that. I think they have a few kinks to iron out. The hotel has only been open a few months.  So once that is all fixed they have a great resort.
4	I really enjoyed staying at Rumor- we had a great deal in the middle of the week for our rooms if we could have gotten the same deal we would have stayed there over the weekend as well!Check in took way too long but other than that the service was wonderful! We got a nice room with a lovely view of the strip. Our room door didn't close unless we pulled it shut a couple times we found we left the door cracked open by accident. I always dislike the resort fee that gets tacked on to your room fee but we still got a great price mid week. The rooms where clean and modern I enjoyed lounging in the over sized robes. The pool was relaxing not too much going on there last week, very peaceful. I wished they had a spa here too! Quiet, clean, modern, relaxing, affordable, place to stay close to las vegas strip!
4	Stayed at the Rumor Boutique Resort for an evening after attending a party out at the pool on Saturday night.  This is definitely a boutique hotel, and a far cry from the standard fare in Vegas!  I really loved the look of it- very contemporary and modern. No casino, and right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel.  The pool area was beautiful, and we loved the cabanas. We stayed in a 2-room suite, which had a living area, a separate bedroom (with a giant bathtub in it!), and bathroom.  The bathroom was a little on the small side, but perfectly adequate, and I loved the shower. Aside from the 2 parties downstairs, it was very quiet. We heard nothing from our room. Important things to note: 1) No self-parking, only valet (I am always ashamed to valet my car as it is usually incredibly messy).  2) No room service (Egads!!) I didn't like that at all. Having the munchies at 2am...we had to order a pizza. 3)  Very small elevator, and just one of them. I loved that the elevator interior was magenta, but it did feel a tiny bit claustrophobic. Although there was security outside around the party areas, there didn't appear to be any inside, and certainly none checking room keys at the elevator.
3	Rumor Hotel. I really wanted to love love love you but that just didn't end up being the case.I liked the hotel itself, the decor, the color scheme, and how it felt like all of our friend's Vegas condos but we had some issues with the place so I wasn't totally in love.Let's break it down. I'll start with the pros.PROS:* So many of us stayed here so when I came out of the sliding doors and walked out it felt like I was walking to my friend's condos. I liked how it felt like we all lived here.* Music playing outside.* Hammocks.* 24 hour pool and jacuzzi.* Good food at the restaurant.* Nice decor, purple/grey wall paint, and modern furniture.* Rain shower.* Comfy comfy bed.* Cozy feeling. * Had a nice time overall but did not like dealing with all the following cons.CONS:* Does anyone work around here besides the security guard? Loved Vince.* I specifically requested that we have a fridge when we arrived. I was promised that one would be in my room when I got in by the manager. That didn't happen and after many calls, waiting, emails, and calls, that just never got resolved. Finally after a day and a half someone finally told me they only have several fridges and don't have any at the moment. Why didn't you guys just tell me that instead of making me wait and check back, etc?* Why it takes a day and a half to get an ash tray on our patio I will never figure out.* Many of my friends reservations were messed up and the check in process took forever.* Sliding door had to be opened and closed several times before locking properly.* No place to put your hand soap. Has anyone heard of a soap dish?* Phone had the wrong room # on it.* After waiting for the bell boy to come and get my stuff after check out for almost an hour, the security guard finally helped us out. Actually he ended up helping us out with several different things. Doesn't anyone else work?* No menus in room so we can call in orders or even have the option of eating in the room.* Jacuzzi tub is not a jacuzzi tub since the jets are all closed. The front desk guy told me at check out that they closed all of the jets because they had problems with people putting dead flowers in them and it makes things messy? Um ok. They should just be called TUBS then not jacuzzi tubs.* Tub wasn't cleaned before my arrival which most of my friend's had issues with too. They had partially uncleaned rooms. Thankfully mine was clean except the tub. * Wifi goes in and out. The front desk told me that there is a user and password to get in but it's an unsecured connection so the user and password is not needed. * Manager says something will be taken care of yet I need to keep checking back and following up. Did not like that.* At the end of our stay, even with the contacts with the manager, we only got a credit for the resort fees? Not sufficient.All in all I did like the comfy feel of the place. I guess it helped that so many of us stayed at the hotel. We were all on the bottom floor except for one room I think so it was nice walking to everyones rooms and hanging out outside. I just wish I didn't have to deal with the emails, calls, and all the waiting. I definitely could have lived without that.
4	Really nice little off the strip hotel.  24 hour pool, along with plenty area to lounge around from the lobby to the pool area.  I wish i had the chance to just lay around in the hammocks they have there. Also nice little fire pit to just hang out and get cozy. Only downside was they only have valet parking so you can't self park if you even wanted to.
2	After reading reviews of this place and seeing the pictures I had some pretty high expectations. It was the last destination on our week and a half long road trip so I was hoping for something grand. Instead I found myself staying in a place way too drunk on it's own kool-aid.  This place does have potential. The set up with a wide open space for the pool and recreation was pretty nice. I also appreciate no pet fees and a gated dog park area. That's a really nice touch. But where this place fails is in it's desire to be some kind of super chic South Beach club. It started when we pulled up to the front to find out they have valet parking only. We didn't have to pay extra for it (except for the tips) but it seemed pretty ridiculous as it meant we couldn't park close to our room to make it easier to bring our luggage in. Maybe if they had offered to help with the luggage it would have been less annoying (and a lot more like the chic place they are trying to be). Next we find out that every time we had to go out and back to our room we had to go through their "lounge" lobby. This was annoying because they designed it to be like a lounge/club. The pumped in club music and didn't have what I'd call a nice pathway through to the rooms. And it didn't have to be this way as there were numerous gates with key card slots around the hotel. But these are only for employees. So apparently they think their lounge/lobby is so great that no will mind the inconvenience of walking the long way with luggage in hand while dodging other people. Seriously, It's like if yelp took you back to the home page every time you finished writing a review. It's bad design and they should really re-visit the whole valet only/one entrance and exit thing.My other big complaint is that after more than a week of staying at other cheaper hotels that offer things like free breakfast and all day free coffee, this place didn't even have a coffee maker in the room. Or even a near-by vending machine.
5	My girlfriend knows I hate traveling because I hate people looking at us funny. The only reason I can write this review is because I think gay people should know about all the places that are gay friendly, and anyone reading this can't really track me down. We try to find gay friendly hotels close to all the gay bares (or at least some gay activity). Rumor was the closest hotel that was in our price range. I always get scared about walking into places and having them look at my girlfriend and I odd because we're a gay couple. The staff doesn't bat an eye at it. They're very gay friendly (not to mention they're in the same area as the fruit loop). I won't say they cater to gay couples, but they're not dumb with all the "PC" of asking "oh, would you and your friend like to check it" when you have clearly shown it's your partner. We just hung out in the room for a few days, think we ate in the restaurant once. It was alright, kinda fancy for my taste, but there was a PB&J sandwich that I just had to try. It was funny because when you think of fine dining, you don't think of peanut butter sandwiches.  We made some friends hanging out by the bar and watching the TV in the main lounge. There wasn't any gaming, which was cool with me bc I hate the smoke. My gf likes the smoking and gambling, but she was just as happy with the special drinks. Me personally, I'm great with a beer.  We took the drinks outside to the pool area and sat on the chairs and just talked. It was pretty cool getting to spend some time with my girl away from home.
2	I was so excited to stay at this hotel. The pictures looked great, it seemed new and different. I grew up in Las Vegas but recently moved to San Diego. We were coming back for Christmas so we thought this would be the perfect time to try out this hotel. I booked the hotel well over a month in advance. We got a really good deal because we stayed 3 nights and had a AAA discount. We get to the hotel, getting into the driveway was a little confusing because the enter lane was blocked off but it didn't take long for us to find the entrance. We pull up, the hotel is valet only. That would've been nice to know. We go in to check in, no outside food or beverage. So, we couldn't have a pre-drink in our room and I was worried about the food I had brought from San Diego for Christmas. That was really annoying. I understand they want us to eat/drink at their restaurant, but we were going to anyway. The lobby/bar was very beautiful though and it smelt very nice. One of the valet drivers helps us with our luggage to the room, no elevators so we helped him take our bags off the cart and up to the room. We walk right into the doors that go into our building and our room was right there. Seemed convenient but we later found out it was horrible. That door was so loud that every time someone walked in or out of the building, we heard it all! There was not an iron or ironing board in the room, but they did have one available, but when you went to iron your clothes, water poured out. There was not a coffee maker in the room....ok no big deal. The bathroom was beautiful and the room itself was decorated nicely, the bed was comfortable. There was a patio but I had no desire to go out there since we were right at a brick wall. The pool are was really neat looking. It had great furniture. I tried to call for room service one night because my husband was fast asleep and it was 11:30 at night. The kitchen closes at 11:30. Ok that's fine but I couldn't bring up the food from the car because no outside food or beverages. And the phone didn't work. The handset must've had a dead battery because the speaker phone worked. And back to the valet only, since we didn't know, we didn't have cash on us to tip them with, so my husband told the valet driver that he was sorry but we didn't know it was valet only, we don't have a tip but we will get him when we come back and he just jumped out of the car and walked away! We did end up bringing cash back when we returned but he wasn't there. So yes, the room is beautiful, but the overall stay was a nightmare. I will not stay here again and I will not encourage my friends to stay there either. I've had a better stay at other cheaper hotels.
1	I am giving it one star because it allows dogs, the room is ok for the price.Other than that, my experience was not so pleasant at this place. First, let me unveil some hidden policies for you since you won't find them out until you check in. (No, it's not even in the reservation confirmation email)1. $50 refundable deposit per night - this was not mentioned in the reservation email I received. I wasn't sure if this is for the guests with dogs or everyone else. 2. No outside food and drink - I had to initial my name next to this policy. I was really put off by this policy. I traveled with my dogs. I wouldn't leave them in the room by themselves and I can't bring food and drinks into the hotel? Even though the hotel has a restaurant but what if I am on a special diet? My husband and I had to eat in the car because of this stupid policy. I am sure Westin (also allows dogs) wouldn't mind us eating in the room.3. $11 a night resort fee - again.. this was not mentioned...4. The room you requested may not b available - this is quite common with other hotels. However, I didn't understand why it is available all of sudden after we insisted to have the room we requested. Besides these hidden policies, my last night there was horrible. They set up a restaurant bar area near the front desk which is 3 rooms down the hallway from where we stayed. During our last night, they had a D.J and a party going all the way to 1 AM. The music was so loud and I couldn't sleep in my room. When I called the front desk, he told me that I could move to a quieter location with bellman's help. It was almost midnight so my choices were either packing up now or suck it up? I have never encountered this type of service in a hotel. I don't know if I checked into a hotel or a night club. I guess if you are into loud music, this is the place for you. Oh yeah, by the way, their WIFI never worked. My 3G network is faster than their WIFI connection. I guess the router was just for the show that yeah.. we offer WIFI internet...    it just never worked or loaded any websites.
3	This review is only for the bar/lounge area.  I haven't stayed at the hotel, so I can't say what the rooms/prices/service is like.  I went to the lounge here only because my most favorite bartender in the world started working here, and I would follow him anywhere.  It's very different from the usual places I frequent.  First of all, the lounge area is very small and within throwing distance of the front desk, the restaurant seating area, and even some of the hotel rooms.  I like my lounges a little more secluded.  Second, the two or three times I've been, the DJ has been playing some hip-hop/80s/techno music.  It's almost like they want the place to have a club-y vibe, while I like my music a little more chill.  The decor could be described as bright and gleaming white.Rumor seems like a loud, bright, and exciting place.  Reminds me of Miami or something, and I'm sure people love that kind of environment.  It's just not quite my cup of tea.
1	The service was absolutely horrendous. They were 3 hours late with our room and never apologized or gave us any sort of discount. We asked for a late checkout in return for the late room and they said it would be a half days rate.The next morning, we called again for a late checkout and the front desk said we could have until 1pm. At around 12pm, security came to our room and said we were supposed to be out. We explained that the front desk had said 1pm and that our room had been 3 hours late. He didnt care and acted like a complete asshole. He called to the front desk and talked to the same girl who gave us the late checkout. She is obviously a real gem too b/c she told security that we didnt have an extension.Anyways, the service was horrendous. Don't stay here.
2	I was quite disappointed with Rumor. I was all excited after i checked their website, but  in reality the rooms look average and a bit cheap. You could actually hear the conversation going on in the next room! Their confirmation mail said we were supposed to have a soak tub in our room and when we arrived, i was quite disappointed that "that room was not available"! So why mail us saying your going to get a room with a soak tub? The service was bad at the front desk. They acted like they are doing a favor by being there and answering our questions. The two stars are for the pool side and the rain shower in the bathroom (one feature i thought that really was good) and Vince, the all in all for the hotel i believe. Well there's no next time with Rumor for me!
2	Atmosphere is awesome...the menu items..and taste "eh", service...maybe cause it was a slow night they have less staff on hand. But had to go to Bar to get our drinks, which were advertised half off during happy hour...and was charged full price. Concept is good, just need to work a bit harder on service and food
2	Rumor. Hm. Well, honestly- At first glance inside I did like the decor. It lives up to the term "boutique hotel". What threw me off about it is the kind of people that hang out there. I say there is a 10-3 ratio, 10 being ghetto folks and 3 being non-ghetto folks. It seemed the later it got in the night, the people looked more and more sketch. Trust me, I'm a little rough around the edges. But this was a little too hood for me. It's too bad. I was hoping for a different crowd.
3	I'm on the fence about this place, more leaning towards good, but they do have few things that need to be improved.  I stayed here last weekend with my husband...The good:-No casino, not a fan of the big casino hotels and all the hoopla you have to go through to get to your room.-Nice pool area & really lovely property...I love how it felt like a Palm Springs Hotel, similar to the Ace hotel, just smaller and less hipster.-Cute decor and good sized rooms.-Very nice staff.-Great pricesThe not so good:-SMOKY room...maybe I didn't specify a non-smoking room so I will take half blame for this, but my God, I felt like I needed to go to the hospital for some oxygen treatments after 2 nights in our room.  It smelled terrible and burned my eyes.-Slow staff...We were running late to a wedding and needed an iron.  We never received it.  They should probably spend a couple hundred bucks and get some irons in the rooms.-The refundable charge they put on your card for "incidentals".  In this recession, it's really hard on some people to have a more than $100 charge on your card for a few days.  I understand the concept behind it, but I just feel it's wrong to assume I'm going to destroy the room and charge me before it's even happened.All in all, I have already recommended this place to a couple of friends with caution to the issues I had.  Honestly, if the room wasn't so smoky I probably wouldn't have even minded the other things.  I know this is Vegas and it's smoky everywhere, but it's also 2011 and not everyone is smoking anymore..The room could've been better ventilated.
1	if i could i would give it a negative 100 stars.i think most people wants to stay there for the looks of the hotel but behind the looks it's all chaos. i booked the hotel for this past valentine's day weekend, I was trying to book online for two rooms and it didn't allow me to do so. so i called in to book it, Jimmy helped me he was busy at the moment so he asked if i can call him back in 10 mins so i did. when i called back he appolized for the wait and he said i'll lower ur rates to $99 instead of $119 for both rooms. he also said he'll throw in the $35 credit for both rooms to use at their resturant which is a pomotion that offered on their website. i was very pleased with his service. so the weekend came we arived on the 13th sun. i checked in around 3 toni was the one that helped me she did tell us that we have a $35 credit for both rooms use anytime and no minium purchase is nessacery. so we got our room keys, went to our rooms i noticed in side our room there's a doubled door on the right side of the door there's a huge crack on top. right away i tried calling front desk and no one answered. so on our way out we stopped by the front desk to notify them. we waited 10 mins to do so, cuz there was a customer in front of us. Jimmy was there and i told him and this other guy was next to him and i had 3 family members wiht me witnessing this and they said it's ok i won't be charged for it. so we thought it ok like they said. so that eveninng we ate out and we were going to use the credit for our breakfast the next morning so i alled the front desk just to see how do we use it. i called and jimmy answered so he siad just tell them our room number and we'll be able to use it. so early morning the 14th Valentine's day we want to have a quick breakfast there and be on our way back to LA. we went to the resturant the server said she needs to check with the manager about the credit thing so the manager Ben came over and said jimmy didn't have the rights to do so. and told us we don't have any credits. with a very bad attitude, rude, and no respect. as if we were trying to take advantage of them. so we asked to speak to jimmy and toni he said they are both not there at the moment, so we got up and left it's not like we had to eat there. but totally ruined our valentine's day morning. we know we'll NEVER go back there again! so around wed the 16th i noticed a $500 is being charged on my credit card. so i called to first address them about what happend and Susan said jimmy doesn't work there anymore, how strange! susan said she'll leave a note for the manager about my complain and a day gone by no one called me so i called again and jason the manager spolized and said that Ben shouldn't against us to use the credit he doesn't know why he did that. so is ben racist against asian people? i don't get it. then i asked him about the $500 charge and he said oh it's cuz there's a damage on the door. OMG really??? u must be kidding me i notify u guys right away and i'm being charged??? i asked him dou think it's fair to ur customer? and he questioned me back do u tink it's fair to the hotel? wow really threw me off! and he said he can't do anything about it beause there' a report done already the room was fine b4 we checked in and while we were there checked out that's when they found out. what a complete set up! and on top of that jimmy doesn't work there anymore. so jason told me he'll call me back regarding the situation. when he called me back he said he'll remove the charge since we didn't get to use the credit. still make it seem like it's our fault. i know there is nothing they can do to make it up for our valentine's day morning ruin it already and charged me for sth we didn't do Ben didn't even bother to call to appolize! what a messed up hotel management! jimmy was the only nice guy there and the rest of them all have an attitude problem. the room we stayed in can hear a plane pass by every 5 mins. worst exprience ever !what a nightmare!!!don't just gop for the looks people!
2	Meh.  Conceptually fun. Executionally challenged. Room does not look old but was not properly cleaned. Big wad of black hair in toilet, red wine stain on bath tub. V low water pressure for filling said (amazing but dirty) whirlpool tub. No bar soap, no iron, no ironing board, no blow dryer, no room service after 11 pm, no gym. Two stars for good bed and sizable room. And friendliness of staff. Staff really above and beyond in the friendliness & ready to serve you dept. However, unfortunately cannot make up for a host of ills in the serviceable hotel room category. I would NOT stay here again. It wasn't outrageously expensive, but it was not cheap. We coulda had a V-8 (stayed at the Wynn).
1	First off I want to say to all the 1 star reviewers, you have my full sympathy! This place is so misleading it is unbelievable!!! My wife and I booked a two night stay here through Hotels.com because they advertised pretty well and the pictures didn't look too shaby at all. But we shure were fooled! When we arrived it turned out check in time wasn't till 3pm and they were understaffed apparently because the bell boy/girl was doing her job and tending their ridiculous bar! Anyways, when we got to our room it was literally not cleaned; the house keeping girl was (who looked like she was 16 years of age) still cleaning up our room! This made my wife and I real disappointed. I am usually against discrimination but for this review I have to say that when I go to a hotel I expect to see  housekeeping ladies (between her late 30's/40's)  with experience not  housekeeping girls who are barely 18 years of age that do a half ass job! But going back to the room situation, we went back down to the front desk to get a new room. Once we mentioned to the front desk dude that are room wasn't even ready he put on this phony look of shock, which he probably wouldn't of displayed if there wasn't a line waiting to check in! So he told us he was sorry and gave us a new room which was supposed to be an "upgrade" from his words, trying to make us feel better. Though yet again, disapointment was on its way. The only real "upgrade" that we got in the new room is that we didn't find housekeeping in it! It was pretty much the same room as the first with just a slightly larger bed and only one dirty towel left in it! We tried our hardest to make the most of what we got for our money but in the end we still got ripped off on our $120 stay for two nights.So don't be fooled about this joke of a hotel. The only "Rumor" about this hotel that should be floating around is how bad it is! And it shure as hell aint no "Boutique"!
4	I recently attended a convention here, which gave me the opportunity to explore the majority of the property and many of the rooms over several days. There is a large entryway that leads into their stylized lobby,  where TVs were playing repetitive videos of a woman's silhouette dancing with what looked like a mushroom cloud in the background. The rest of the area is decorated in largely black and white with silver/mirror accents and large 'plastique' purple chairs. There is a recurring theme of a 'little birdy', a nod to the idea of hearing a rumor from one. The outside area is comprised of a lawn area to the left and an enclosed pool to the right. The hotel is several buildings that are connected by stairways. The rooms either open directly to the outside with a small grassy area in front of a sliding glass door or out to a patio. It seemed that they came with a variety of room layouts, but that could have been due to the way the rooms were being utilized by their occupants. There are cheesy 'artsy' photos that are the same in every room, which was quickly apparent. The rooms seemed pretty comfortable, though, with large beds and plush comforters, as well as many offering lounge chairs or benches. There were other events going on during the convention, such as BBQs, live music and live demonstrations, so it was quite lively. It seemed like the hotel really tried to cater to it's occupants and show them hospitality.I can't speak as to whether the rooms are reasonably priced, however the facilities are pleasant. I believe the hotel is owned by the same group that owns the Artisan, near the 2-15.
2	lets just say...this place is VERY deceiving !!the pictures of Rumor looks like a very nice expensive classy luxury resort with a nice contemporary feel.right when i stepped into the lobby & rooms, i felt like i was in a high class MOTEL ! their rooms look nothing like their pictures, very low ceiling, and they don't even have central AC, they have a portable stuck on the wall AC that looks like one you see in a cheap restaurant. if you're looking for a nice looking hotel for this price, i say skip it.  for about $350 2 nights, not worth it.only up side is, they allow pets.
2	I was very excited to stay here for my anniversary with my boyfriend, being as though, as a local, I am a fan of anything in Las Vegas that is boutique-y and different.  Wasn't impressed.  Almost every employee seemed as if they a) didn't know what they were doing or b) didn't care.  In a bad economy, you better bend over backwards to demonstrate your customer service.Also, the room was a letdown compared to their online photos and halfway cleaned when we arrived: old water in the tub, stray hairs in the sink, and (my favorite) several curly hardened toenails on the edge of the bathtub.PS: They let a family throw a BANGIN sweet 16 party (really?) downstairs at the bar.  Those kids looked HUNGOVER the next day.  Kinda inappropriate and illegal.
2	I still don't know quite what to think about Rumor yet. It both entices me and turns me off. And it confuses me.First of all, I never know where to park here. The valet guys are never out front, half of the parking lot is blocked off, and the spots I can get to are all numbered. Can I park in those spots or not?Secondly, when I enter, no one says a word. There will be at least 4-5 staff standing around doing nothing, but not a single one will say "Welcome!" or "Can I help you with something?".Thirdly, this place kinda feels like a ghost town. Now, of course, I may just have bad timing, but I'm pretty much the only non-staffer here every time I go.Fourth, what is up with the restaurant? Is it open? When is it open? Does anyone actually work there? And the one time I did manage to get someone's attention (always 4-5 staff standing around and none of them willing to assist a customer) and get seated, they weren't offering the tapas menu and claimed to not have a cocktail menu. Huh? And the service just had an incredible air of rudeness to it.I do, however, like the decor very much. It seems like a place I should love. However, as my husband puts it, they are trying a bit too hard to be like somewhere on the Sunset Strip. And while everything looks neat, it is all incredibly uncomfortable (bar stools, chairs, etc.).Thanks to Yelp Drinks, I did sample a couple of the cocktails here. (Still confused as to how they have 3 cocktails on the Yelp Drinks menu, but don't at all have a cocktail menu?) I tried both the Hollywood and Ginger Lemonade Highball. They were both ok, but I would have felt really ripped off if I had to pay full price. Had the Ginger Lemonade Highball had any kind of a ginger taste to it, it would be an excellent poolside cocktail.I still have another gift certificate to use here, so I will be returning. Hopefully, my next visit will be better than the last couple.
3	This is not your regular Vegas hotel.As you enter the lobby, it is a combination of check ins/out, bar, dance room, lounge/dining area; it's a multipurpose room. This place does not have an elevator, so be sure when you come here with a load of luggage, ask for the first floor.The room itself, is not what you would expect if you were to stay at other hotels in Vegas. It is the same layout as you would see at Super Motel 8 or Motel 6. Although, I do think, a regular Motel would have a fridge, this place doesn't. It doesn't have a tub, so it's not a full bathroom. The room is functional but lack convenience because everything is still manual except for TV & AC.This hotel is good for rest only and avoiding the crowds as it does not have casinos & a lot of amenities that other Vegas hotel offers.No self-park; valets only.
4	Addication Restaurant in Rumor Hotel. I recently went for a business mixer and had thier Speared Tuna and Thai Satay, both delicious, recommend to others to try.
1	HORRIBLE UNHELPFUL STAFF! OVER RATED CRAPPY PLACE.  This place might be amazing in some po'dunk place in North Dakota, but VEGAS!?  Tried to coordinate event there and staff either lied to me straight up, or just refused to do anything proactive to help.  Finally visited Rumor to see for myself and was very disappointed.  A Holiday Inn with Purple lights.
5	Amazing hotel.  Very modern, reminds me of a Miami Hotel.  Staff was awesome.  I bought off tripres.com, they had a deal $199 for 3nites in the 2rm suite! However they had overbook, so they offered us a free room at the sister hotel, we really wanted to stay at Rumors so we declined.  They upgraded us to the Swinger Suite for free! WOW is all I can say.  Couch n flat screen in the bathroom, 2 person shower.  Huge King and 2 sofas.  Would definitely stay there again.
4	Man, we are SPOILED in Vegas.  After having a few cocktails at Rumor and touring their hotel rooms, I came to the inclusion that it would be the most awesome hotel ever if it were in any other town.  But in Vegas, it just isn't that amazing.Starting with the drinks... we came here for Yelp Drinks, and the bar was packed for happy hour.  There was a wedding party hanging out, so I'm not sure if it's always that busy.  But there were some decent food deals, so maybe it is that busy.  But the food wasn't that good, so maybe it's not that busy.  The bartender definitely looked like he couldn't deal with the amount of people that were ordering at the bar, so for his sake I HOPE it's not that busy.The front desk staff was nice enough to take us on a tour of the rooms.  We didn't get to see their standard rooms, which start at $69/night, but we did see their deluxe room and their pimp-daddy suite, which goes for like $500/night and up.  The latter is definitely worth it if you want to film a porn, as there's a mirror above the platform bed and a set of couches in the bathroom for a good view of the multi-person shower.If I was visiting Vegas with a few friends, it would definitely be a cool spot to stay.  Small hotel = small staff = you'd get to know your bartender, so you'd probably be well taken care of.  And the pool looks like it'd be a fun time during the summer, with the promise of a DJ and cabanas, etc.  As a local, I'm not sure I can find a use for Rumor, though, except maybe to pre-game for a concert at the Hard Rock, which is steps away.
2	Not really impressed with this place. I went to celebrate a friend's birthday and it just didn't blow me away. This place is TINY! We had a pretty large group with us and there were also two other events going on in the bar area at the time. Knowing this in advance, you'd think they would have scheduled more than one bartender to man the bar! But no. Service was slow and labored. He did the best he could and there were some drinks available. I'm a big fan of The Hollywood. It definitely packs a punch. Looks like their happy hour was pretty reasonable, so that's a selling point.The decor is just all right. Nothing amazing and nothing I haven't seen 100 times before. Just all right. The parking situation is a nightmare as well. There was no one manning the valet area and no one to direct people where to park. People in our party actually had their cars towed from having them parking in the wrong area. I think better signage would be helpful.Overall, just ok. Nothing that would entice me to come back for more.
4	The lobby is awesome. I sat down at the bar chatted with other guests and had a wonderful bartender - Grant - serve me drinks. Used the Yelp discount as well. It's charming and unique. The room was on the second floor - standard size, with a huge comfy bed. That bed was awesome. Next to it was a couch and a small table. Funny to note, the hotel comes with it's own porn channel. But um, it's probably late 70's early 80's porn. :)The show had a rain effect which was cool. The only complaint was room service was extremely slow - the lady apologized and said the kitchen was packed. Also the door had a hard time closing.Oh as for Emily R's review. I talked to the bartender about it. He told me that they didn't anticipate having yelpers at the bar nor the bridal party to be as large.
4	I was put on to this little hotel by a friend of mine. Originally it was a little run down motel, but now they turned it into a nice little boutique style hotel. The lobby is great and the staff were very helpful. The rooms were big and very clean. It's located directly across from the Hard Rock, so it kind of feels like you're staying there....just not paying the HR price!I recommend this place to a younger crowd for sure. The pool is going to be amazing during the summer!
4	Just got back from 3 days at this hotel and it was great! Rumor is very hip and chic with a fun atmosphere, amazingly friendly staff and great rooms. We got there late on Friday night and the valet, Brandon, was right there when we pulled up, very friendly and assisted us with our bags before taking the car. The front desk agent, Jose, greeted us immediately, was super friendly and got us checked in very quickly. We got to our room and it was perfect! I am a bit of a hotel snob and this hotel passed all of my "room inspection" for cleanliness. The bed is comfortable with great pillows. We had a pool view room and it was so nice being able to sit out on the patio. The housekeeping staff is fantastic and our room was always very well cleaned and stocked. This hotel is a must stay if you want to be close to the strip but feel like you are a world away. The pool area is VERY nice with lots of room, comfortable lounges and sun beds along with cabanas. They offer a poolside bar and there is a DJ playing music.
1	I was disappointed from the start and it did not get better. The first room they put me in was at the back of the property with a parking lot view and no balcony or patio. I tried using the pre-programmed phone to call the front desk but the pre-sets didn't work. I went back to the front desk and was quickly put into a pool facing room with a balcony. I don't understand why they wouldn't put people in the best rooms if they are available. My room did not have the complimentary robes - so sad. Both nights the restaurant closed early without notice because of weddings. And, neither wedding seemed to be more than 45 people. I think they need to allocate their resources better so that a small wedding does not cause the kitchen to close down to guests. The pre-sets on the phone in my second room did not work either- I found that out when I tried to order room service. The guest book does not include any actual phone numbers so I had to hope dialing 0 got me the front desk. It did and I that's when I found out that at 5 PM on a Saturday that the kitchen was already closed. At least offer a limited menu- I was starving and only wanted the hummus plate anyway.Housekeeping did not do a very good job- I drank a bottle of water and it was not replaced. I used the glasses and they were not replaced. That is pretty basic stuff.The hotel itself is adorable and the rooms are spacious. But, you can't get by on looks alone. With so many options in Las Vegas, I think you can do better just about anywhere else.
2	I really want to 'like' this place but I just can't. There were so many things wrong with this hotel/motel that out-weighed the good. Most of the complaints from other yelpers are pretty legit. The rooms do look nice & modern, but it's so frickin dark! I couldn't even see my clothes hanging in the one & only dinky little closet. They need to purchase a few extra floor lamps. The hubby and I spent 3 nights here. It wasn't our choice of hotel but all his cheapy friends were staying here so it was our only choice. Good:Addiction restaurant (decent taste, prices & portions)Rain showerheadCabanas in the pool areaFree wifiBad:Poor serviceManure all over the grassy areas (whole place smelled like sh*t)Pool & jacuzzi was dirtyBad lighting in the roomsFree 80's porn channel was awful (just ONE channel 69)Loud obnoxious people chatting outside our room at 2am I'm sure there were more 'bad' items but I just can't remember right now.. In a nutshell, don't bother with this place.
5	First off, if I could give RUMOR 10 STARS I would. My Fiance and I were looking for a place to hold out Big Day (Wedding) and we were searching places in our home town of Boston when we finally agreed it would make better sense to hold our wedding in Vegas, since most of our friends now reside in California and Las Vegas. Having nearly 20 long vacations in Las Vegas personally (my best friend/best man resides there), I had a good idea of which venues to look at. Then, a curveball happened. We came across Rumor Boutique online. Judging by the website this had everything we were looking for. It is hip, hot, and close to the strip. My best man made a stop by and said it was awesome. Then, our wedding photographer called us from Vegas, while doing another photo shoot in Vegas and did a recon mission himself. He called us at 3 am EST and said we were going to LOVE RUMOR. So far so good. Little did I expect when we got there just how much RUMOR WOULD BLOW US AWAY. Let me start by saying that the communication of the Events Director Susan Hall and the wedding coordinator Joni Mitchel was on another level. Being 3,000 miles away and coordinating your wedding can make a stressful situation worse, however this was not the case. The immediate and thorough communication that these two amazing woman maintained with us during the entire process was the equivalent to speaking to them in person. OUTSTANDING is the only word that comes to mind. It gets better. My first day there, I bumped into this strapping young lad of a Food and Beverage Director by the name of Benjamin Ortiz. We immediately connected on multiple levels due to the fact that Ben is originally from Queens. Several Yankees and Red Sox jabs later and it's safe to say that not only did BEN ORTIZ and KATIE CALVERT help make our Wediing the GREATEST DAY OF OUR LIVES, but they also became family to us. You see that is what separates Rumor from any other wedding venue that I or any of our friends or family have attended before. THEY CARE. THEY MAKE SURE THAT YOU NOT ONLY GET WHAT YOU WANT, BUT THEY MAKE YOU NEVER WANT TO LEAVE. fROM THE CLEANING CREW, TO THE OWNERS, they all know who you are and genuinely care and love their jobs. It is the most professional AND most relaxed environment any of us have ever been to. My God! I forgot the FOOD! To die for. The rehearsal dinner we had a gathering of close to 20 people and many of our friends and family are already married. They said it was by far THE GREATEST MEAL THEY HAD EVER HAD AT A WEDDING. The Chef and staff comes out to also make sure that everything is to your liking. Carey the bartender is the man. No if ands or buts. One of the best bartenders in Vegas. Jonathon from security is the MAN! Heart of Gold.BOTTOM LINE. The entire wedding party is already rebooking for next May to return to Rumor. We are going to turn it into an annual tradition for our group of 40 to return to Rumor and there is a reason for that.RUMOR = HOMETo Susan, Joni, Carey, John, Katie and BEN. You just added 40 people to your family, and if you visit us, you have a family in Boston waiting to see you.GO TO RUMOR AND THANK ME LATER. You might just create a life long bond with truly amazing and gifted people.
3	Stayed there over Memorial Day Weekend for my birthday.  Ok, overall a good experience and I liked the place with three exceptions.First, to nitpick about the room (so that they can see suggestions for bettering the rooms), there was no hook or bar on which to hang hand towels in the bathroom, nor was there a soap dish.  Not a big deal and the bathroom was great otherwise.Second, the restaurant food is really mediocre.  We ordered two lunches from there and nothing to write home about by any means.Finally, and most importantly, are you nuts, management?!  You are across from the Hard Rock but your pool scene will never be the hotel pool scene there.  Your hotel says, relaxed, hip boutique and you should make the pool fit that.Instead, we woke up at 11:00am the first morning to the loudest music I've ever heard at a pool.  I mean, it was club loud and I could feel the bass in bed.  The second morning, it started in at about the same time.  When I called to complain, I said that my guess was that their guests didn't want to hear blaring techno music being played in the morning and that there were only two people out at the pool anyway and was told that they'd relay this to management but I heard no change in volume.The third morning was lovely because it was too cold so no DJ and the hotel felt like it should.  Do not stay here if you care about sleep.  Luckily, we were in bed by 2 each night so being awoken by blaring music to entertain 4 people out at the pool at 11am didn't bother us too much.I really wanted to like you, Rumor but you didn't let me.  The rooms were great but blaring music all day that you can't escape, not so much.Chill beats instead of blaring techno and rap - give `em a try and I'd be back.
1	this is the worst hotel ever. it is basically a cute motel 6. awful service. we asked for a cab to be called for us, and we were hung up on. we asked for a pitcher of water and were told that we cant order water because they need to make money.
2	The pics of this hotel online looked pretty enticing, so my husband and I were excited to stay at Rumor for his birthday weekend. That excitement disappeared VERY quickly...We arrived on Friday night, around 8pm. The valet staff were friendly and helpful, however, checking in was brutal. I was quoted $119 per night when I booked the room over a month ago via telephone. My credit card was not charged at the time. They informed me that my card would be charged the full amount upon arrival. Ok...cool. During check-in, the lady at the front desk proceeds to tell me that the total amount that will be charged to my card will be $724. Ummmm....not okay. I anticipated being charged $119 + $50 (for my dog) per night. Not the case.She broke it down::1) Instead of $119, Rumor is charging me $149 due to a busy weekend?! Ridiculous.2) $50 extra per night for my pet. Totally fine. 3) $150.00 extra per night for incidentals, which Rumor failed to inform me about over the phone as well. 4) Taxes/fees...blah blah blah. We had no choice but to pay. We were ready to just unwind and have a few drinks. We get our hotel keycard and head to our room w/ a bellhop carrying our luggage. My husband inserts the key and opens the door. The first thing I hear are 2 girls screaming, "HEEEEYYY!! Excuse me!?! What are you doing in our room??!!"  lol My poor hubby shouts out, "I'm sorry!" and shuts the door. We stare at the bellhop, confused. He immediately says, "I apologize! That has never happened before." Riiiiigght. I find that very hard to believe. =/ Back to where we started- the front desk. The lady had a bit of an attitude when we told her what happened. I have no idea why, she's the one who sent us to an already occupied room. Superficially, this hotel is alluring. Look a little deeper and you'll find that the front desk customer service sucks and they don't know how to take care of their clients. I gave this place 2 stars due to the fact that they accept pets. My dog got to play in their mini dog park just outside our room. =) That was definitely a plus. Another quick tip:: Don't bring outside food & drinks into your room. OR if you do, don't let the staff see you bring it in. If they find outside food & drinks in your room, they will charge you! No joke. They only allow Rumor's food and beverages into the rooms. Unfortunately, I am NEVER staying at this hotel again. I shouldn't have wandered away from the "big" hotels. They know how to take better care of their customers. P.S. We noticed that there is a pretty decent DJ playing music in the lobby/restaurant area while we walked IN & OUT of the hotel to party SOMEWHERE ELSE.  This is gonna sound harsh, but the people partying at the Rumor are GHETTO.
5	My girlfriends and I literally just left vegas and the first thing I wanted to do was yelp about how amazing our experience at Rumor was. From the moment we checked in the staff was on top of things. Super chic and trendy and minutes away from the strip. Yes there was people chattering by the pool at random hours of the night but who cares it is Vegas far from a quiet vacation town. I Loved Rumor !Thank you to the staff for being so awesome and keep up the good work=]
5	Why is it people yelp when they are clearly in a bad mood? ...is the FREE porn channel really one of the "bad" parts of staying at Rumors...REALLY...my friend whose wife works for Zumanity told me about Rumors and said it was very cool...and it is....I am not in the age demographic that appeals to Rumors crowd  20-30's- (perhaps just a day or so outside of it....) but I found exactly the opposite experience that some here seemed to flip on...Service was excellent...starting with the friendly Valet to the people taking drink orders at the pool to the woman who cleaned the room...ALL helpful and friendly...lighting in the rooms is good and each room really has a nice attention to detail THAT IS NOT all over Vegas...someone yelped the pool music was too loud...REALLY...didn't start until about 1130am and if that is too loud you are in the wrong city...and yes there is bar soap, blow dryers, ironing boards and hooks on the wall to hang your towel...no they don't have a gym but do we really need another crappy hotel gym...some of you really need to chill....Rumors is reasonably priced and in truth a bargain...enjoy...
5	This place is awesome!  I'll be honest, when I was first told I would be staying here for a work trip I was very nervous.  I thought it sounded like a seedy gentleman's club.  Boy was I wrong!What a great find!  First of all, the staff is awesome.  Richard, the guy at the front desk was super helpful.  Our check-in was a bit complicated because my boss hadn't faxed in her credit card information.  (She was not checking in with us.)  Richard went above and beyond to help us get it sorted out and checked in.The decor is really cool.  Very modern and super cute.  It's kind of nice that they don't have any slots or anything.  If you want to gamble the Hard Rock is just across the street.  The pool is beautiful, hammocks and sand and DJ's, too.I ate at the restaurant and thought it was really good and very reasonably priced.  The service was also top-notch.Our room was beautiful and very plush.  It also seemed to have free 90's porn, just in case that's your thing.  (Not sure if that was an accident or if all rooms come with that!)I would absolutely come back here - what a treat!  (The hotel, not the free 90's porn!)
5	Awesome place to stay...away from the chaos and crowds plus i got one night free.  i paid $69 a night and got a huge suite (living room w/ couch, bar & flat screen tv & a separate room with king size bed, flat screen tv and hot tub).  staff is friendly and room service & food is good. i'm definitly coming back here next time i'm in vegas!!
4	If I had one word to describe this place it would be "SHEIK" :D I was amazed to find this jewel in the rough, the decor and arrangement they have inside the hotel and the rooms is friggin awesome. Vibrant white and dark colors, it has an "Artisan" hotel feel to it. This place has a bar, kitchen, pool... I was not able to try any of the food or drinks but the staff seemed friendly :) and a friend of mine told me that, Sundays in the summer time, the pool parties are pretty cool. Rooms start off at $59.99 per night for a basic 1 Queen bed/bath- comes with a jacuzzi tub, beautiful stand in shower, (patio to the pool if your room is located on ground level), flat screen TV, radio (cool sheik radio lol), if you add a couch and living room rooms start at $120 per night... Overall I think the price for what you get and the location of this hotel is MORE THAN FAIR! I will definitely come here again and maybe even try to plan an event just so I can go back haha!
3	Looks way better in pictures than in person, just sayin. Parking lot is small; wish they had a bigger parking lot. It's right across from Hard Rock, but both of these hotels are pretty far from the Strip. Next time, I'll just stick with one the hotels on the Strip where it's totally buzzing. Ps: the water pressure of the faucet is too powerful. I lifted the handle just a little & it splashed everywhere.
4	I came by Rumor the other night because a bunch of us got suites to pre-party and crash here for a stay-cation on the strip. The lobby is beautiful with the ultra-modern clean look. Inside is great, but there's like NO parking outside so you pretty much have to valet, unless you park across the street at the Hard Rock. There were also 2 girls standing at the valet in bikinis, which made me NOT want to leave my car at the valet (hey! no naked butt cheeks on my car seats!) but I found out later they're the welcoming committee, not the valet! (oops!) Anywho, the suites were decent sized with jacuzzis in them. It was chill. The best part was how easily you could lock the balcony sliding doors from inside the room. On more than one occasion someone got locked out for an extended period time. Definitely a fun place to hang out with the buddies.
3	This was a great place for us to stay because we were seeing a show at the Hard Rock but didn't want to pay to stay there.  But you do get what you pay for..the pool wasn't as nice as the HR pool and I thought the place was trying to be a bit cooler than it actually was.  But the beds were really comfy and our group liked having a suite.  All in all a good place to stay, especially if you want to be near the Hard Rock.
5	AMAZING! My husband and I just moved from Portland, OR to Atlanta,GA and wanted to spend two days in Vegas. I noticed that they were a pet friendly hotel so when I call they told me no dogs over 25 pounds but when I emailed the GM he told me no problem that my 54 pound dog comes. He was super nice and got back to my emails quickly. The prices are super nice and affordable. Driving into Vegas I knew that I was already over all the fakeness of the city. I do not gamble and I do not like to be in massive crowds of people this hotel was perfect. The pool was amazing, the food was awesome and best of all the service was so good. If I ever went back t vegas id stay there again in a heartbeat. The Suite was amazing.
3	I'm still not completely sold on this place, but it is definitely growing on me. And that has everything to do with dogs. I love that this place is dog friendly. They even have Yappy Hour - happy hour for you and your four-legged BFF! Yappy Hour is a really fun event and a great way to spend some time benefiting from happy hour deals while also spending quality time with my little critter - and mixing and mingling with other doggies and their owners. I so wish more places in Vegas would do similar events.
1	Is it possible to rate a place with no stars? Because that's what I might like to change this to...My girlfriend and I had a great weekend in Vegas, minus the time spent at this hotel. Loud beats starting by 11am every morning pulsating through the walls is not pleasant when you're trying to nap off your Vegas hangover after hitting the mattress just a few hours before; so firstly don't stay here if you like a quiet room to nap at in between your weekend debaucheries. We were offered ear plugs at least 3 times without even asking, and accepted to try them out, but each time nobody showed up to our room. When we followed up later in the day, the manager on duty said they don't carry ear plugs, hmm so why did you even offer it to us to begin with??!! This was one issue among several I don't have time to lay out because it's late and I have work in the morning, but...To top it all off... after leaving the hotel already vowing never to go back, when I checked my account a couple of days later I noticed I was overcharged by $250! I called and was told by a receptionist that it was a smoking fee, I responded by saying I didn't smoke anything in that room or even the entire hotel for that matter, and perhaps you got confused from the visitors smoking cigarettes and cannabis all up in the hall ways... the best she could do was take a message for the manager to call me back later, guess what, yeah the manager never called back. I followed up a week later, but still no manager to talk to and I left a 2nd message. Nobody from the hotel ever responded, to even explain the charge to me, I call that theft.
1	Everyone is incredibly rude and act like they are doing u a favor allowing u to book at their hotel.  In this economy they will never survive.  What a bunch of assholes.
5	If you know anything about me, anything at all, it's that I love to be pampered. I love boutique hotels and I especially like boutique hotels that love my dogs. I have found my mecca in Rumor. This place is unbelievable. Not only is it gorgeous, they have amenities for my dogs, the most beautiful rooms I've seen on the strip yet, and the friendliest people working there I have ever met. This is not exaggeration. I hesitate none to give bad reviews. It is a sparkly, inviting place and it means to make sure you come back. Job well done! I'm going to most definitely be going back! The room I got was a suite (upgraded, didn't even ask - see??) with a garden tub and a soft, comfy bed. It had a balcony over the pool, and while I really disliked the music that played from 11-6 (mostly it was 12-5), it was bearable. I'd definitely ask for a room away from the pool next time, though. I just couldn't ask anymore when they'd already been SO generous! It wasn't that bad, I'm just not a huge partier. Having just said I am not much of a partier, I must say I did make full use of their bar. The bartenders were outgoing and very friendly. They smiled, talked and joked and made the bar experience pretty great. I have to emphasize how fantastic the staff was. From the front desk to the people who clean the rooms, everyone smiles and greets you EVERY TIME. They always, always paid attention to my dogs, too. How are you going to keep me away with attitudes like that! Just try it!To end, you must go here. You must discard every notion you ever had that Vegas isn't Vegas if you don't stay on the strip (really, you LIKE throngs of people everywhere?). This place is worth it.
1	Checked into the Rumor hotel a few weekends ago and everything was smooth and thought the room was nicely decorated. However, the air conditioning in the room did not work properly. It took 2 calls and almost 2 hours for someone to come and address the issue. It was determined that the a/c unit was busted and we would have to move rooms. Kind of a pain, but things happen....however, the woman at the front desk tried to downgrade the room! I informed her that it would be unacceptable to do so and she copped a major attitude with me, informing me that she had to move someone else's room to accommodate me (like a care!). We had to move our stuff on our own to a room across the hotel (to a room that had a view of a wall). The bellboy informed us that a bottle of champagne would be sent up, but of course we never saw it. After I returned home I sent an email to the management informing them of my experience and of course I never heard a thing. It seems like this is their mo, never to respond to guest complaints. I promise with such horrendous customer service this place will be closed within 24 months. There are too many options in Vegas to deal with rudeness.
1	I really wanted to like Rumor. First of the food was great so kudos to the kitchen staff. I did however have to remind the waitress at the pool about my sandwich...I received it almost a hour after ordering so good thing we weren't starving or in a hurry. Drinks at the pool are comparable to on The Strip prices which is odd considering its much smaller 'motel 6 style' and the scene much more low key.  The drinks are in tiny plastic cups likely the same ones wrapped in plastic in the rooms for water.The pool has this really annoying sand all around the chairs which gets really hot and sticks to your feet...not sure who's brilliant idea that was. As soon as we came into the pool area what appeared to be some manager informed me in regard to my breakfast smoothie "No outside food or drinks, its a state law" I didn't know whether to laugh or just keep walking. First off I call bullshit on the law, second refill the clean towel bin buddy. I will not allow my friends or family to stay at rumor after this and will not bring my friends back for their pool party after such a embarrassing afternoon.
1	EDIT! So right after I wrote this review/essay, two 5 star reviews caught my eye, one written on 9/13 by michael e. and the other written on 9/14 by john h.  Both of these people have only written 3 reviews, all in the same day and all for hotels owned by The Siegel Group. You have got to be kidding me! On 9/13 and 9/14, I was staying at Rumor!  This is deceptive and insulting. A better star rating isn't going to fix your business. Instead of inventing fake people to rave about your fabulous properties, take that time to fix some shit. Writing fake reviews is the least productive thing you (whoever you are) should be doing right now. Knock it off, get your shit together and run your business. FLAGGED x2! Echoing the sentiment of at least one other reviewer. I REALLY wanted to like this place. The week they opened (about a year ago), they hosted a small cocktail party for a non-profit organization I am involved in... this was cool. A year later, my girlfriend and I decided to give Rumor a try despite the very (suspicious) mixed bag of reviews. I am sorry to report that our experience reflected most of the bad reviews and very little of the fabulousness described.1. 3 days before we left, I called the front desk to ask about the availability of the soaking tubs. Our email said they were avail. based on availability/per request. The girl on the phone told me that there was no way to request them. She did not offer any other solution and the call ended awkwardly. Our confirmation also mentioned that you can email questions to the manager. We sent that email. See #7 for the outcome.2. When we arrived at the hotel we were met by a very friendly valet and a helpful, professional girl (Toni) at the front desk. She was surprised and confused by the info i was given over the phone. She said that the hotel was less than 10% booked and it would have been no problem to block us out a room with a tub.  3. The Room- I knew that this hotel was for party people. I was prepared for things to be a little worn and rough, but I was bummed that it was actually DIRTY. The bed, couch and bathroom counter were clean but almost every other surface was not. - Distractingly strong odor. Sour and smoky despite being a non-smoking room. -Soaking tub had hair by the drain and soap film all over- Side table with removable glass top had filth under the glass - Tile shower was filmy - Bathroom sink also had a hair in itAfter a long drive from LA, we just wanted to get our vacation started. We decided that instead of being moved to another room, we would suck it up. We decided to just use clorox wipes on everything (we had planned to do it anyway). 4. Dinner- Food was reasonable and we saw the Sun-Thu happy hour on the website. Victor was our waiter (he was great). I ordered a cocktail and the bartender poured it in a plastic ribbed water glass (like the kind Mc Donald's gives you when you ask for water). I asked what was up with the cup. Do I get a plastic cup because it was happy hour? Victor reluctantly informed us that it actually wasn't happy hour. The Manager reserves the right to cancel it at any time. The website says that holidays and events are excluded from happy hour. This Sunday was neither. $9 jack and coke in a bathroom water cup, just because! Food was good, but it didn't matter. The combination disappearing happy hour/lame bartender was a buzz kill. 6. Breakfast- The next morning, we ordered room service and again the food was good, but aside from the oatmeal (served in a real bowl), the waffle and fruit plate were served on flimsy cafeteria-style styrofoam plates. We were told that they were out of to-go containers and they were sorry about the plates. This breakfast was $50. We were not at a taco truck.  REAL PLATES! REAL CUPS! 8. Relaxing by the pool- Being the only people in the pool was great, but the bar at the pool was still not clean since its last use. Trash on the bar, dirty, white vinyl pool furniture. 7. END OF OUR ROPE- After an evening out we came back to an email response from the manager. In addition to the soaking tub question, we had asked about the "No outside food or drink" policy we had read about on Yelp. The manager responded with " We have the no outside food or drink policy for insurance reasons. We can not be responsible for anything you bring in". WHAT!? Your insurance says that a guest can not bring a bag of Ruffles into their room? A liability? I think not. We immediately showed this email to the girl at the front desk and she said that they do not have that policy anymore. She was very nice and helped us end our stay. This place has been through 8 managers and it shows.  I am sorry Rumor, you are not too fabulous or exclusive to not be clean or consistent. You expect flexibility from your guests but offer very little yourself. Get your staff on the same page and the hair out of your tubs. Otherwise, hourly rates might be more appropriate.
1	My girlfriend has already written a review on our experience here. Her name is Ivy E.It breaks our hearts to write a bad review, but as it stands now, we couldn't recommend this hotel. Rumor hopefully will gain some stability and become the very cool hotel it has the potential to be. Unfortunately, I learned from one of its really awesome employees that it has been through 8 managers in the year it's been open. It's going to be tough to pull the staff together and get things in order.We had a great first impression of Rumor a year ago when its first manager hosted a charity we love for a cocktail party. Upon booking our room for our stay this past week, we had a very different experience. We found out that each employee has been given (or not given?) different information, obviously because no manager has been there long enough to set up and enforce guidelines and policies. (Can you request a soaking tub ahead of time? Do they charge happy hour prices as advertised during the times advertised? Do they allow outside food in the rooms or not? Everyone had a different take on these things.)The most upsetting thing came after we had left the hotel. We discovered that most of the good reviews that lead folks to stay here are fabricated and posted by someone related to the Siegel Group of which this hotel is a part. (Some of the people who gave the reviews had only reviewed hotels in the Siegel Group and reviewed them all on the same day) I feel like they made money (my money) off of the lies they posted online. That's just not ok.I hope that a good manager can stay with this hotel long enough to get it on track and that the honest reviews posted online will begin to improve. Toni, Victor, and Hailey deserve a lot of credit. While each and every member of the staff has a different set of information, these three were so kind and helpful and demonstrated great customer service despite the lousy situation they were in! If it weren't for them, we would have left within the first 24 hours we were there. Unfortunately, we only made it slightly longer than that and then changed hotels.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE IVE EVER HAD!!!! to say the least....stayed here over memorial day weekend, checking in took forever and the girls at the front desk were so rude. we get to our room and the door is wide open and the closet door is completely off the hinge, tv doesnt work and the hallway and rooms (our friends in another building as well as ours) wreaked of weed and cigarettes. we do not smoke. took almost an hour for the maintenance guy to come fix our tv. lighting in the room and bathroom is horrible. and at least put two curtains in front of the window, one semi sheer one and one thick one rather than having to keep the curtain closed the entire time because our room backed up to the ghetto parking lot. soap dishes are not that hard to be put in every room.... we asked the front desk for a fridge and they said they will see if they had any left then we spoke with another employee who i believe is one of the managers and he said they didnt even have fridges there..... strange how no one knows any of the same information!worst part of the stay was walking to our friends room and there are two guys giving eachother oral sex in our hallway. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!? GET A ROOM!!!! so we call the front desk to tell them and they acted as if it was a normal occurrence. it took security about 20 minutes to finally come and stop the nonsense. we were disgusted. and again the girl at the front desk was rude and all she said was "oh sorry about that". im sorry but if i were her id tell the guest i am SO sorry i will get security there IMMEDIATELY AND is there anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable and make up for this nonsense.i can go on and on about more but that was the main things that stuck out to me that ruined our experience at rumor
3	lets get right to the point.  I think the Hotel is really cute, Staff was nice, waiter,bartender,valet etc. Food was good too, we had a delicious brunch. pet friendly, with a cute little dog park. That was all the good stuff.  now the reason I took away 2 stars is for the COLD shower 2 of three nights and the abrupt price increase on extending the checkout time. was told in writing that it was $25, then when checking out was told it was $50. I refused to pay that and they only charged me the $25. I was still pretty pissed off though. This place has a lot of potential, I hope it's worthy of 5 stars one day, and I'd go back.
1	The thumping music day and night - lame.The no cleaning of my room during the day - gross.The lack of a fridge - stupid.The 'resort fee' - ridiculous... no resort I know bumps music all hours of the night.The broken phone that I asked to be fixed on day number one - crappy.All in all, I would not go back here.The place is cute and designed well with nice decor... if only they could get their management and customer service in line with their looks...
2	This place is a mixed bag.The Good:The room was very good, not denying, if you like a good room(minus a fridge) this Hotel will be good for you. The decor and decoration, while not my thing, is pretty cool. Prices for food are pretty good. The pool and the seating at the pool is pretty awesome.Directly across from the Hard Rock, so there is some good chemistry if you need to gamble/see a show and the HRH is already booked. The OK/Meh: The Hotel is a bit off the strip, you will need to take a taxi or drive unless you are the athletic type. The shower head hangs from the ceiling, which is really cool for me, but a couple of the people I was with hated it. The Bad: The pool is only open till 6pm, but it is open after 6 as something else? This was not clear to us and they need to do a better job of informing customers.There is music playing throughout the complex at almost every hour of the day, I don't really get it and the music was just...boring.The Website had indicated that there was a shuttle, it has since been updated very recently to indicate that that doesn't exist, but you need to update the second something like that changesThere is hardly any self parking, you will likely have to Valet.The Hot Tub jets were SUPER WEAK and there was a good bit of floating matter in there as well.Bottle service is about 3-5 times the price that it should be for a place like this, I think a bottle of Malibu was $200According to the people I was staying with you are not supposed to bring in outside food or beverages to your room...The free internet sucks big time.
4	C'est chic!I loved this place. Not only for its interior and exterior decorating! The prices are very reasonable and it's not too far from the strip. It's very clean, the staff is very helpful, and the ammenities are great!Avoid at all costs for these reasons:1. The DJ starts playing at the pool starting 11am; so if you have a bad hangover, this would inconvenience you. Not a problem for me though, I don't sleep in that late.2. Valet ONLY. It gets annoying have to tip the guy every time you want to go out and need them to get your car just to go a few blocks out. We were better off just getting a taxi.WILL DEFINITELY COME BACK!
1	I booked the hotel through their website.  It was nice, I liked the room. Everything was A-ok other than there was no fridge. That was until I saw my bill. The price of the room did not include several hidden fee's such as a hotel fee and resort fee per day which adds up to quite a lot of a few days.Next time i will stay at the hyatt across the street.  NO HIDDEN FEES THERE!
5	As a locals we like to take "Stay-cations" and try many different hotels. We general stay away from the Strip so this is by far one of our favorite "non-strip" hotels!! We first visited just to check out their happy hour and we were hooked! The staff was great and the  1/2 price appetizers are delicious! Gary (the server) and Ben (the manager) were wonderful and remembered us every time we came back!Next time was for the actual "stay-cation". We got a very reasonable weekend rate and absolutely adored the rooms. They were spacious, clean and we had a nice little patio that overlooked the Hard Rock Hotel. The large soaking tub in the bedroom with the rubber ducky was such a great touch!! Because we are such big fans of Groupon we purchased TWO of them for dining at Addiction! We've been back over and over again and have never had any of the issues mentioned in the previous reviews. We've done family dinners with our kids, spent many summer days at Gossip Pool, met out-of-town friends for drinks or dinner, had lunch in the middle of the day for no reason...always a great experience. In fact we just attended the One Year Anniversary party (my husband won tickets via Twitter) and had an great time!!! We will continue to make Rumor part of our Top 10 places to recommend and attend!
2	Super pimpy looking spot with tasty appetizers.  While I'm no fan of overcrowded hotspots, the ghost town vibe kinda creeps me out.  This was my first visit for happy hour, but my girlfriend told me that the past few times that she stopped in, it was also dead.  It was so quiet, our conversation echoed through adorable, whitewashed lobby.  We were the only patrons in the joint on a Wed night from 5:30-7:45, until we were leaving, when 2 other people came in.  I had received a $25 restaurant.com certificate as a gift, which would turn into a disaster.  Since it was my first visit, I informed the bartender of my certificate and asked if I could use it.  He informed me that I could, but would have to sit in the dining room, not the bar, to use it.  I prefer the bar, but oh well.  My server approaches, again I notify him that I have a certificate I would like to use.  He happily takes the certificate and says ok, no problem.I attempted to order a three different types of vodka to which I was informed they don't carry.  Ok, let's try the house Chardonnay.  "Sorry we don't have that right now."  Hmm, the KJ "Avant" Chardonnay?  Yes, fifth time was the charm.Thankfully Happy Hour prices take 50% off of the apps & drinks, which are normally $6-12 each.  The food quality was delicious, however portion sizes were conservative. We tried the hummus, braised short ribs, truffled mac styx, and chicken sliders.   When we asked for our check at the end of the night we wouldn't see our waiter for close to a half hour.  He finally returned, completely confused, to inform us that we couldn't use our restaurant.com certificate that I had clearly asked 2 different employees about AND sat in the restaurant instead of the bar.  On my inaugural visit I left quite disappointed because they jerked me around.  If I they weren't going to allow me to use my certificate, they should have told me at the start of my evening when I first asked, not after they led me on to believe that I needed to order the minimum dollar amount stated on the coupon!To sum it up: cute place, tasty apps, but they're disorganized and need to work on their customer service.
4	The Decor was Awesome! The lobby smells like a stripper, rather than a smokey hotel! The staff was all VERY friendly. Parking was super close as well as complimentary Valet. Inside was clean, all linen was clean and comfortable! It was too cold to check out the pool and I didn't party enough to lay out in the rain on the hammocks. HRH is right across the street if you need your gambling fix. There is a coin op laundry, liquor store, subway all next door and a CVS kiddie corner. It was nice not having to wait in lines to check in and out. I had the Chicken w/ Angel Hair Pasta and a salad. They were all good!Only reason I rated it a 4 is I got put in the back left building that faced the neighboring parking lot and I didn't have a balcony. The balcony wasn't the big thing though, my room also faced the flight pattern for the airport so if you're not a deep sleeper like I am, it might bother you.Overall it was a good stay! Definitely get your bang for the buck! Beats out that crap-hole LVH. I booked another stay for my business trip next month.
4	We wouldn't have stayed at this boutique hotel if it wasn't for an AVN special event. I 'v never even heard of this hotel before, but we had a great time there, was a little surprise.:) Very cute, chic, modern contemporary boutique hotel, (obviously it was a motel before) the rooms are all cute, chic and comfy with in room jacuzzi. The location is just across the street from hard rock hotel, walking distance if you wanna go to the restaurants and nightclubs there. We stayed at a premium paradise suite upstairs facing the pool, it's the biggest suite next to themed mega suite. Spacious living room, decent sized bathroom with nice shower, and comfy king bed. I liked the decor, and the sexy paintings. But there is not enough closet and drawers, I just put some of my stuffs in living room. We'v been to all types of room in this hotel. Standard rooms are very small, themed mega suites are the biggest, but it's only a studio suite, and huge bathroom with group showers and a lounge area,  $800-1000 a night is not really worth it. I recommend premium paradise suite facing pool. It's great to stay in summer, they have many sexy pool parties throughout entire summer. The rates are around $150 on most of weekends. This is not a luxury hotel, it's been remodeled nicely, but still not like most luxury hotels in Vegas. But it is a very relaxing, cute and comfy place, the bar and lounge area is pretty nice, good for a few drinks and intimate couples times. There is an Addiction restaurant on site, serve breakfast, lunch and dinner, food is fairly good. The staffs were very friendly. If your are looking for a sexy yet affordable hotel stay in Vegas, this is the place. Perfect for couples or couples friends weekend getaways. :)Ps. They don't allow outside alcohol and food in this hotel. Book directly from their website save %30, this hotel is pet friendly. :)
1	oh where to start -   The staff were abhorrent especially at the restaurant.  One was so busy flirting with 20 year old girls he couldn't be bothered to refill my coffee, and the other was seemingly tweaking on meth which is the only way to explain his bizarre behavior and obsessive face touching.  I had to ask for utensils, coffee, butter, jam, and then when the food actually arrived, my eggs were raw and the food was disgusting.  The jacuzzi in the room is not a jacuzzi but a soaking tub, they plugged the holes.  The Ipod dock is a clock radio that appears to have been made in the 1980's.  There is no channel guide for the TV, the cover was missing from our remote so the batteries kept falling out, and there was no real room service to speak of.  The best I can say is that it was clean and the shower was pretty nice.
3	If you're looking to party and bump music and you don't mind staying off strip, the Rumor is a perfect place for you. It's across the Hard Rock Hotel and only a short drive to the strip. My group of girls and I stayed in one of their standard suites. It's very spacious and has a ton of mirrors so there are many places to get ready. Even a full length mirror and we girls know that that  is always a plus. Oh and let's not forget their amazing shower. It's one of those over the head showers with the perfect pressure. Oh man, I could have stayed in there for hours!Downfalls about the Rumor-- taxi traffic doesn't frequent here but I don't blame them. It's not popular enough to have a constant taxi line. But no worries, run across the street to the HRH and they'll take care of you there or have the front desk call one for you.The Rumor is nice if you're with with a big group and are looking for ample space and don't mind being off strip. It has flair and style, but in my opinion, you can pay that same price and stay in a nice room on strip.
4	Disclaimer: This review is for the lobby bar.I popped in for a Happy Hour with a friend, and was pleasantly surprised. Happy Hour is from 4-8pm, and all drinks and apps are half price. Skip the apps, and grab a bite to eat elsewhere.The main event is the drink menu. Full bar, with a big selection of vodkas (Mtn Dew Vodka! among others). The bartender is very friendly, and the vibe/decor is really cool.This is the perfect place to hang out with a few people after work.I can't wait to come back.
3	This is not a bad place to stay! Sure, it's not on the strip, but I'm past the point where I need to be in the middle of all that madness. When you're in super high heels, even walking across the street is a daunting task. So if you're going to cab it anyway, you might as well save some money and stay at Rumor.First of all, I love how short the taxi ride is from McCarran here. It's like $13 including tip, and I think my cab driver still took me slightly out of the way. The bad news is, it's really close to the airport. The air traffic noise can be deafening. That is probably my biggest complaint.My next biggest complaint is that not all of the rooms come with the huge soaker tubs that are highlighted on their website. Not a huge deal, but if you book a room looking for one of these, keep in mind that you will need to request it.Here's a breakdown of the stuff that's important to me, and how Rumor fared:Water pressure: 5 starsWater hardness: 2 starsSink area for spreading out my stuff: 3 starsTowel softness: 3 starsSheet softness and overall bed comfort: 4 starsSmelly hotel air factor: 4 stars (including 1 star for windows that open)Climate control: 2 stars (swamp cooler thing was loud and sort of obnoxious, and ideal temp was hard to reach)Bathroom amenities: 3 stars (why does everyone have a better hair dryer than me??)One thing I will note, is that while the sinks are stylish bowl-style with fancy hardware, the water pressure is nothing short of AGGRESSIVE and will leave you with a wet floor if you turn it on too fast.Great value for the money, good service, and although cabs don't come by very often, the guys at the valet counter are more than happy to flag one down for you.
3	My bf and a few of my friends stayed here for 3 days and 2 nights and honestly it wasn't as bad as we thought it would be. Rooms were clean and were described correctly on their website. Room service and the workers were friendly and there weren't any complaints on my end about the noise level, music played 24/7, and etc. like how other reviewers commented about. The only thing I do not like about this hotel is that parking is very limited and the free internet is very slow, but other than that I think I would stay here again.
5	Wow I thought I had reviewed this place long ago. Apparently not.It was a great value staying there. Sure it's not on the strip, but it's about 2 minutes walk to Piranha, an okay gay club. If you stay across the street at the Hard Rock, that's a 5 minutes walk since you'll have to wander through the casino to exit from the lobby.I didn't request for a room with soak tub but somehow they gave me one. In fact I didn't know they have that until I checked into my room. It is a really nice thing that allows about 7-8 people to sit in. Needless to say how big the room is when there's a big tub in it. The interior has a modern design. I liked the sofa - new and contemporary. The magazines placed on a table just brings a touch of relaxation and coziness.The only thing I would complaint about is that I hated the complex design of their residents building. Vegas is so hot during summer and fall. Looking for my room when it was 90 degree outside was more than what I could tolerate. Even after midnight in October, Vegas can be as hot as 80 degree.The ladies at front desk were very nice and polite. And I remember there's a hot blonde valet.I thought it was the Cosmopolitan without views and the killer fancy lobby when I stayed there. Gotta go back this summer for the gay pool parties on Sundays.And I loved how they answered my question: "Is this a gay hotel or straight hotel?" "We're an everybody hotel." Too damn official.
5	As far as a great getaway boutique hotel in a nice area close to the strip it is great!!! Stayed there a couple nights. The rooms are very lovely & comfy. Reception & staff are great! If you want to gamble you can always walk directly across the street to the Hard Rock that cost much more each night.  It was a nice calm & private place to enjoy my stay in Vegas & only a $5 cab ride to the wildness & fun of the strip.  Also a great thing about them was the fact that I had an incident where a cab driver who picked me up at Rumor & upon arriving at my destination drove off with my items. The cab company asked for the cab number & they immediately checked out the incident & gave me the cab number being a great lifesaver for a rude cabbie who wanted to run off with my items.  Thanks!!!
1	Quite possibly the worst service of any hotel I've ever checked in to. I have a laundry list of inadequcies, but the following best describes our experience here...Ordered a few room service items. When they came, the short rib nachos had no short ribs (along with Velveeta style cheese. Ugh.). I went to the phone to call when there was a knock on the door, it was the room service waiter with a plastic container in his hand. He apologized and handed it over. In it, four little pieces of ice cold short ribs. Awesome.The rooms were decent (free porn!) and inexpensive, however the service killed any good will. The front of house staff was awful. They acted perturbed every time we encountered them. Awful.If you do stay here, be prepared for party central. The party suite next door was blasting till the wee hours. I'm sure it was great if you were in there, however sleep was on our agenda at 2am. No bueno.Try the Cosmopolitan or Platinum, not that much more and far greater experience.
1	Service: horrible to say the least....rude, unhelpful and condescendingIf they will treat a local this bad I can only imagine how they treat tourist. Strip view was not of the strip bathroom not clean and rude staff....yeah definitely not worth the time. Can't speak for the food as I refused to spend another dime of my money with them after the service I received....I wouldn't have bought a soda out of a machine there after that. STAY AWAY!!
1	Last year I was married at this hotel and had nothing but good things to say. The entire staff was amazing, welcoming, and went out of their way to make all of my guests happy. We had about 40 people staying at the hotel and everyone loved it. I loved that fact the hotel was small and had an intimate feeling. When we were leaving we had talked to the event planner about having our one year anniversary there and invite everyone back. I was told they would hold the top of my wedding cake until then or ship it back to me if we decide not to come back. Awesome.Well around 5 or 6 months after I emailed the hotel to set up an anniversary party. I sent 2 emails before I got a response and was told none of the people I had worked with before were there anymore, but they would be happy to help me with anything. I sent a few emails and got minimal, if any response. Here I am trying to spend more money and bring a large group of people to the hotel and I have to beg for a response or information. I had requested a specific room and was told that that is not possible. Six months in advance and I can not get a specific room??? It wasn't even one of their super fancy rooms. (Some one had mentioned before this about getting a room with a hot tub, even if you request it, they will not guarantee it. it seems silly if that is a selling feature. I guess you gamble on the rooms there and not a table or slots) The best is that they told me they did not have my cake. Not an "I am very sorry, I don't know what happened, but we can not locate your cake" it was more like I had asked if they still had my hair tie. "sorry, we don't have your cake"Yes, they did offer to  make me a duplicate if I could show them a picture, but that was it. Not a nights stay on them, not a guarantee we can give you the room you want, nothing. It's Vegas, they give rooms away for nothing!! They give free nights to people who spend a lot of money gambling. I had already spent a lot of money on the wedding and was trying to spend more with an anniversary party with at least 30 guests all staying at the hotel!! They threw out my wedding cake and can't give me a free nights stay?!?!?!?I was done after that. I tried so hard to spend money there, I gave them so many chances. I used to love this hotel and the people that worked there. This time around I felt as though they did not need or want my business. There are plenty of other hotels in Vegas that would be happy to have me. This hotel also runs The Artisan, so I wouldn't go there either. Probably run into the same problems.
1	In one of my previous trip to Vegas last year, I was passing by the Rumor's and I decided to stop to check it out it and I liked the decoration and the pool. Months later I had a fitness convention to attend and I booked two rooms, it was in September, I booked the rooms with more then a month in advance.  I thought it would be great, since we are two fitness models and a photographer, would be great to shoot there, and during my previous visit I asked it if it was possible and they said would be no problem to shoot. I reserved it for 5 days, we arrive there was Wed, it was calm and ok, the photographer did a photo shoot with the other model in the lobby during the night time, it came out great. The next day it start to get very crowd, and the service totally changed, we was sat at the restaurant for breakfast and it took  more the 20 min for someone help us, and twice they brought us wrong food... We was getting ready to leave for our convention and the photographer was waiting for us at the lobby when the security of the Hotel told him in a rude way he couldn't stay at the lobby because the Hotel was hosting a lesbian party during the weekend...(Nobody ever said anything to us about that when I made the reservation or when we did checked in) He said he was a guest of the Hotel, then the security guys said he could stay, didn't even apologize... We are not discriminative people, I have many gay and lesbian friends, but the situation there was getting aggravating every second... Later the photographer brought another fitness model to the pool, one guy naming himself "manager of the Hotel" said he was not allowed to shoot in any area of the Hotel, we explained when we made the reservation the other manager said it was ok to shoot there, he said if the pictures will be published the photographer or the company the shooting was for will be sued, he was very rude. We was getting sick and tired of the bad treatment, we asked for the general manager, it was the guy who told me was okay to shoot there, when we saw him and spoke to him, he said he never allowed us to shoot... Lied in my face, I told him that, he blushed and he said: it's ok the pictures you guys took yesterday but can't shoot anymore because the lesbian party, no men allowed to be in the dependencies of the Hotel, the girls didn't even wanted waitress men, they wanted the whole crew to be girls, no men could access the pool etc.. And we said they should let us know about the situation in advance, it was not a vacation trip for us and it totally ruined our purpose. They at least should transferred/offered us to stay  in the other Hotel of the same group: Artisan, not treated us disrespectfully and not giving us the treatment we deserved spending money is that Hotel! We couldn't even receive male friends at the lobby!!! The security was again was ordering again in a rude way to our male friend to leave, of course he didn't care for the security he is a big guy and pro fighter, could kick ass of all security team together, but all this BS was just annoying. The girls was partying wild, the room I booked was very noise, the model could barely sleep on it, I felt really bad for my co workers, booked this Hotel was a such of bad idea, after many complains of the 3 of us they decided to refund Sat/Sun from the 5 days we stayed there.  I don't recommend this Hotel, the crew is rude and very unprofessional, I travel around the world, I been in many Hotels and I never confronted a situation like this before.I will never comeback to this place again, AVOID IT!!! Go spend your money where they give you the respect you deserve and not been in a place like this where they are discriminative towards their guests! TOTAL TRASH SERVICE!!!
3	When I first saw this hotel online, I was blown away. Only 2 blocks away from the strip, soak in tub & couch, and beautiful furnitures. So i instantly booked it for 3 nights. Spent my first night there and realized a few things. 1) whoever told you that you can walk to the strip because its only 2 blocks, LIED TO YOU, It was a 15 minute walk.2) the soak in tub was a joke. yes it was big but the faucet was literally the size of the one in the sink. took FOREVER to fill the tub with water. 3) I honestly thought the room would be bigger, since its a junior SUITE. I don't even know why it has the word "suite" to begin with. 4) why is it so dark? felt like a scary movie. I couldn't open the curtains because my view was the entrance of the hotelOverall, it was okay. Decorations were okay as well. There's a strange pig statue near the front desk, kinda funny. Would've been better if it were closer to the strip and if the rooms were bigger. I only stayed a night and got my refund for the remaining 2 nights. if you don't mind the walk and the young scene then this is for you! Oh and the prices were good. that is all!
1	The hotel itself it quite nice. My room was nice, although the balcony overlooked one of the annex buildings, which is where the storage area is and the staff gets their cleaning supplies. etc. So, I could really not enjoy the balcony at all. My main problem is this: I booked my room through Vegas.com, for a very reasonable price. Little did I know that there would be hidden fees, such as a 25 or so per day "resort fee". What?! It was way too cold to even enjoy anything in the resort. I did not appreciate this.This was my first time here, and I would have totally come back (I come to Vegas quite a bit), had it not been for this sneaky practice of adding these fees. Plenty of hotels to choose from in Vegas, though. They lost my busniness.
1	This place looks and sounds good on paper, but the experience is nothing like what they sell you. For calling themselves a "Boutique Resort", they sure didn't provide resort service or resort class.As soon as we walk in our room, the lights are burned out. Really? So we have to wait for the maintenance guy to come change the lightbulb. He does. And he leaves the fuckin lightbulb trash sitting there on the table! What kinda shit is that? And not only that, but with every single light on in the room, it's STILL dark and depressing. I guess theyre trying to establish a "mood", but cmon... i couldnt even see what i was trying to iron!The website advertises free adult channel in all rooms. Well, i couldnt find any. I call front desk and ask for a channel guide, they dont have one. Ok, what channel's the porn? 69. Shocker. But it's not working. "oh, thats because our adult channel is a live feed from a DVD we play, and the DVD is currently broken, but we'll have it fixed by tomorrow." Never happens.The soak-in tub? Pssh... crap. Takes over 30 minutes to get a decent water level, and then trying to keep it in is a different story. It all drains out within 10.Our closet door (small, shitty closets by the way) was broken, off the tract and just leaning up against the other mirrored door, like some broken teenager's closet. No coffee maker. No coffee maker?! Even Motel 6 has a coffee maker!! No fridge either! No towel rack in the bathroom. Wi-Fi drops connection every 15 minutes. We booked a room that guaranteed either a balcony or patio... we got nothing. Except a view of the back parking lot.Here's the best though... call for a late check-out ON DAYLIGHT SAVINGS DAY, and "Sorry we cant offer that... on a Sunday afternoon... cuz it's Nascar weekend" Nascar was Sunday ONLY, nobodys checking IN today, and secondly, no redneck is staying at Rumor, period. So seriously, no late check out? After putting up a stink with the manager, she gave us an hour. We tell her, ok we have some friends staying a few rooms down and they need the same as us. No sorry, i cant extend that to them, just you.Rumor. Pretentious and unsatisfying. Never again.
1	do not stay here the worst customer service ever!!!  if you smoke outside your room you will be charged $250.00.  they will also charge you for unwarranted room service fees....oh and the pool is ice cold...whats the point...
3	We would recommend this hotel if you are looking for modern chic rooms out of the Casino hustle and bustle. It is conveniently located directly across the street from Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. I would recommend a cab if you want to hit the strip. However, a couple of things to note. We had room service for breakfast that was delivered in to go boxes with plastic silverware, no condiments, food was cold, and they forgot our waters. We ate at the bar for "Tappetizers" and they were very short staffed. The bartender was great and their half off happy hour is very reasonable, but the quality of food was average. We tried to sign up for their players card and the system was down and apparently this is not a new problem for them. We forgot our toothbrushes and razors and they did provide complimentary ones which was a lifesaver. They have a great pool and spa if you are looking for a quiet pool side to lounge. Also there bar delivers drinks 24 hours a day, great for a late night glass of wine after hitting the casino. Not bad for the price, but don't expect a resort quality experience.
3	I reserved my pool view suite 3 weeks in advance and when I arrived on a Saturday night at 11pm from the airport, I was told that my room was given away because I arrived late. So they downgraded me to a basic room and gave me a discount. When I asked them why? The front desk guy said, it was full and it was Spring Break.  At the same time, I had a line of people behind me and he was the only one at the desk. He was slow, inconsiderate and didn't care about my reservation whatsoever. I felt singled out because I arrived alone. When yet, I had a friend flying in to stay with me.When I got to my room, though it was very pretty, there was a view of a rooftop from another building. The room had no tub as I wanted, no refrigerator. The next day, I complained and wanted the suite I had reserved. I was told I had to wait until 4pm to get the room because they were waiting for people to check out. So I waited at the pool, pretty much all day, checking in constantly with the front desk. I enjoyed the pool, it was quiet and comforting. The hotel was empty! Why did they have me wait all day!  First of all, no one was at the hotel pool nor hanging out on the balconies! I felt completely put out! Finally, they gave me a nice suite and it was in close distance to the the smaller room, so I could move my stuff easily.PROSGreat pools and cabanasPretty rooms, especially the view of the poolGrounds staff/cleaning staff were super niceHappy Hour Food is awesome - the nachos are the bestThe room tub and shower, bed were really niceAcross the street from the Hard RockLiquor store, pharmacy and small convenience store within walking distanceComfy bedsNice TVsCleanShower head is like rain, very niceNo slots! Thank God!Not smokey at all!CONSThe TV channels were weird and slowNO fridge again!Too expensive for the weekend rateHospitality with majority of the front desk staff was horrible. Not very informative or helpful. Some were rude! Staff sent us on a wild bus ride to get to Old Town when all they had to tell us was take the SDK Express from the stripStrip is about 1/2 mile up. taxi's are a must at times.No area tourist or transportation materials in the roomsGAVE MY RESERVATION AWAYIf you have children, do not let them use the tv remote - channel 69 (take a guess, and yes it is free).Mix drinks from their bar $12Rumor is, cars get broken into quite oftenTub takes forever to fill upWould I stay again? Yes, I did like the quiet and the pool and cabana. But I would make sure they stuck to my reservation, regardless!
3	The hubby and I stayed here one night, for my bday. We thought it looked cute online, and it did in person too. Funky, eclectic decorations. But honey thats where the buck stops. There was nothing resort like at this place, once you get past the lobby you lose the swag. This is just a fixed up motel, with youngins hanging out, loud. Umm no ma'am. Anyway, its ok if you need somewhere to stay. But find something better.
2	We took a spontaneous trip to Vegas this past Easter weekend and after seeing the beautiful pictures of Rumor (and after finding out it was about $80/night for the champagne special), we decided to book a couple of nights there. We've never stayed off the strip before, so we thought this would be a good time to try something new. Besides, we've stayed at boutique hotels in other cities and have always loved them!Well, or so we thought... Rumor is beautiful. The decor and furniture alone are worth the 5 stars, but that's about where it ends..Our room was at the very corner of the resort and wasn't the room we had requested. They told us they were fully booked and to check in the next day to see if more would be available. However, from the time we checked in to the time we checked out, we barely saw any guests there.Numerous things about our room wasn't working either. The phone, for starters, was missing the plug to actually BE plugged in. The iron and the outlet in the bathroom weren't working either. Little things, but they really started to get annoying after a while. The hotel also does not have a fridge or coffee maker, which is kind of a bummer.So, skip this hotel and find something better on the strip.
3	I didn't stay here, just attended a sponsored pool party for a local business. The drinks were pretty pricey but the atmosphere inside the bar area was nice and chic.  Parking was a bit of a nightmare, valet only or you had to park across the street at the Hard Rock. Maybe it was because of the event, but they didn't have much parking even if it wasn't valet only.
1	I visited Rumor in April of 2012 for their local industry night.  While I was there, I opened a tab at the bar, which meant that their bartender held my card.  I stayed for a couple of hours and then closed my tab.The next day, I noticed a couple of orders had been placed using my card number.  After investigating further, I discovered that these orders had been placed WHILE I WAS AT RUMOR.  Someone at the bar used my card to place orders online while they had my card in their possession.  I spoke to the manager, but never heard back.  Very disappointing.  Will never go back or recommend.
4	We actually love this hotel and its nice to find a little break on the price now and then from hotels.com on the night of getting a room I have stayed here several times because of the nice decor, the close proximity to stuff I am doing down by the strip and I dont care to drive home, etc. The food here at the restaurant is awesome. We have had the tuna appetizer and some of the sandwiches for brunch and they were awesome. The chef is actually pretty cool as well. We also just recently attended 'Yappy" hour on the 3rd Thursday of April (they have one coming up in May and they do it every month on the third thursday). Isabelle (My yorkie) isn't much into the socializing aspect; all the pups are allowed off their leashes and their handlers can have cheaper libations and listen to cool DJ mixes while the pups mingle and jump and run and have fun from 6pm until 9pm. The cool thing is as it gets dark most of the old hacks at this game have flashy light up bulbs around their necks so their handlers can find them more easily at the end of the night after all those libations :-) it was a really fun evening and I think even Isabelle had some fun too.Being across the street from Hard Rock makes it a highly desirable place as well if you don't want to stay over there you just want to party and roam back across the street. It is a lot less 'loud' than her sister property the artisan but it has a teeny area inside that they have some DJs spinning in the later part of the evening. And Although the bar area is small apparently the Keno pays well if you have patience.
2	This hotel is from the people who brought you the Artisan.  Club vibe.  Pool party with about 12 people and a DJ in the common pool area.Rooms show a lot of wear and tear, but clean.  One of the two A/C units in the room only blew hot air.In-Room amenities were scarce.  2 big towels, 1 hand towel, 1 washcloth.  Had to call front desk for drinking glasses.Planes overhead every 4 minutes or so.Stay here if you plan on spending most of your time at the pool.Wouldn't stay again.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE! VERY UNSAFE!I was a guest at this hotel last summer. Unfortuantely, my room was broken into and all my belongings, along with my friends' that were staying with me in the room, was stolen. I was sad to hear that the hotel did not have security cameras in the back lot where my room was broken into, nor did they have cameras in the hallways where the front doors of the rooms are and where they assaliants escaped.After arriving to the hotel to find my front door wide open and the back window open, I was just in shock. The manager at the hotel dealt with me in a very insensitve manner, demanding that I vacate the property as soon as possible. Not to mention, I didn't get back to the hotel till 9AM that morning (it's vegas) and was expected to vacate the room by noon. After taking pictures and calling the police, I fell asleep out of exhaustion. I was suddenly awoken, in my underwear, by the manager standing in the middle of the room with a security guard saying I need to leave the room now.I obliged and moved into the room the moved me to for that night. I walk into the room to find that the AC unit does not work, and all we have to keep cool is 1 rotating fan. We stayed during summer so you can only imagine how hot it was. The manager told me that he would be moving me into a suite the next day, but for that day the room was the only one available. When my room was broken into, the robbers took my car keys and I had to ask my parents to fed ex me my spare key. Since FedEx doesn't deliver on Sundays, I asked the lady at the front if they could extend my stay until 5PM, or until my key arrived on Monday. She said it would be no problem and was very sorry for the situation I was in. Then, the manager emerges from the back, the lady told him that she was going to comp me the extension and he had the nerve to say that I should be charged. She was nice enough to defend my case saying that I should not be charged due to my situation, and then agreed. In my opinion, she should have been the manager, because she at least knows how to show like she cares about the hotel's patrons.I give this hotel a 1 star for my experience during my stay and lack of security.ps: There was never a resolution to the robbery except for an apology for what I went through.
1	dont even think about it.
1	would never stay here again! they started out like a nice place. but as the weekend went on they got worst. also had some friends get there stuff stolen. most likely had to be someone that worked there and knew you could open the windows from the outside. no locks on the windows.
1	Customer service and experience was horrible due to the fact that everything is poorly run. I would not think twice about staying here again! Rumor has it you guys suck.. oh wait its not a rumor you guys really do suck
1	This is a nice little hotel with clean rooms with modern decor the bed was even comfortable too.  Never got to try the restaurant, we sat down and waited 20 min with no service at all so we left. A lot of the staff puts off the I'm so cool that I don't have to even bother helping you vibe which who knows maybe is what they are going for. My main gripe is that the pool area was totally taken over by parties on Saturday and Sunday. We went and did something else on Saturday and figured we would hit the pool on Sunday.  On Sunday there was another party this time a very exclusively gay one. Not just gay men but gay men dry humping and walking around with erections in their speedo,s really over the top. I have no problem with gays but this was not a party I felt welcome at with my girlfriend. I talked to the manager and they said there is the same gay party every Sunday all summer long so unless you are flamboyantly gay don't expect to have access to the pool if you go there on Sunday.
1	You could not PAY ME to stay here. This hotel is UNSAFE!I'd rather put my entire life savings on one hand of blackjack! I'd rather have unprotected sex with a stripper! I'd rather.... well, you get the point...
1	I would NOT stay here again. My girlfriend and I were first greeted by this sketchy person asking for few dollars for "gas". I thought it was a one off type of things, but our stay got shadier. The car next to us got broken into the next night, our next door neighbor had a constant stream of people coming in and out at all times of the day, the occasional roach that would scurry across the hotel room floor. We actually left 2 days later and stayed at another hotel since it was a bit much.
1	here is my update. A few weeks/months after I wrote this review, I received a call from someone stating that they were going over their files and saw that I had had a wedding there and they wanted some feed back and to use me as a reference. For my trouble they were going to offer me a free night stay if I wanted to come back and visit. I told them if they wanted my feedback they could read my yelp review and I was insulted that they would even bother to try and get anything from me. She then informed me they were under "new" management again. What ever, this place sucks now and it seems that they can't get a review over 2 stars unless it's writen by a friend or paid for.
2	I planned a night out with my boyfriend, a little stay-cation if you will to get away for the night. I had always been curious about Rumor, I like that it was 18 and over, off strip and different looking as in a Boutique style resort.I suppose my curiosities have been roaming free now for awhile because I was a bit let down by my experience. The property website is very misleading in many ways!We stayed in a Junior suite which is not really a suite at all, the room is very small and we had to request a room with a soaking tub as not all of the rooms have them. Keep in mind it is a soaking tub to splash around in, NOT a jacuzzi as there are no jets. FYI- they no longer provide bubble bath as per their photos, they used to provide a bottle of Mr. Bubbles to enjoy in the soaking tub. I walked to the front desk and the clerk Nancy gave me a couple of tubes of body wash to use as bubbles. They also cut out the luxury toiletries they boast about on their website. No longer are there the fancy pump bottles of luxury shampoo/conditioner and body wash in the rooms. The property is loud, the windows you can hear everything happening outside, like the start up of a car in the adjacent parking lot. If you like sound sleep then this is not the place for you because on the other side of the property you have the pool party and music playing. The furnishings are worn already and this property is not very old, a couple of years it has been around I believe. Our television was jacked up, the clarity sucked, and speech delay was annoying! Also they provide for FREE an adult porn channel, did it work? Hell no! I called the office after searching for it, they advised is channel 69, OK so when we clicked on play movie what happens...Nothing! I called the office and spoke with Nancy who informed she will call maintenance. That was a bummer, an adult property with free adult movies and the channel is not working. Yep unplugged the TV, reset the remote, etc and nothing worked and there was never a response from the front desk. Us having the pleasure of porn was clearly not a priority of the front desk! Another issue is the presence of security, I understand this property has had an issue with the rooms being broke into before and perhaps is not located in the most desirable area but damn. We also noticed the ghetto window locks on top and bottom of our room window. Security is all over the place, everywhere you walk or turn you see him. My boyfriend asked where the vending machine was and security informed they have none however they have a convenience store next door and would he like for him to walk him there? WTF? Wow. Yeah my boyfriend even unplugged his spark plugs from his car for the night. They have a card you can fill out and leave on your door with your order selection checked off, says leave on your door by midnight for breakfast room service delivery the next day. Hmmm woke up, where is our breakfast? I open the door and the tag is still hanging there, nobody came and got it. The funny thing is that I had a feeling that would happen, I knew after our experience that day that this service would also disappoint in some way! I called the office and they apologized and sent someone over to get it off the door and work on our order. The room service gal shows and informed they comped our two Orange juices for the trouble. She explained how another coworker from the night shift dropped the ball etc etc. The best thing of all was my breakfast, the cinnamon roll french toast with maple syrup and creme glaze was delicious. The best part of this stay other than tub fun with my sweetie!The rooms are small but cute, I like the artwork and dark goth style and dark plum wall color. Pass this place up, don't waste your money or time, is way too frustrating in so many ways to even bother with.Yeah Rumor is not all it is cracked up to be. The Junior suites are not suites at all, the rooms are small, the place is a safety concern, no vending machines, adult channel does not work, and room service is not reliable.Nancy and the staff are friendly however not problem solvers. They have no urgency for issues that arise.The positive on this property is that the beds are extremely comfortable, I want to buy a mattress just like the one we slept on! It was a great bed indeed!
1	DON'T STAY HERE!!! NOT SAFE!! WE WERE ROBBED!! So My friends and I decided to stay at the Rumor "Boutique Resort" this past Memorial Day Weekend.  We decided to book a  "Junior suite"  what a joke!  it's more like a Motel 6 Presidential suite if they even have such a thing  (I know they don't just giving you a visual).  At first glance the hotel appeared to be very nice, but that ended after you left the lobby.  The rooms were old with minor upgrades, the pool was always dirty and thats about as positive as it gets. Now for the kicker.  So we come home about 4am, and our friends staying across the hall noticed their room is ram shacked! everything of value gone! even the not so valuable things were gone socks,underwear, toiletries you name it GONE!.  So naturally we called the front desk and told them what happened, the frontest desk receptionist seemed to be oddly unfazed, I am assuming it happens all the time! (my words not hers) so after a useless meeting with security, and the manager they flat out told us nothing could be done.  Not even comp a night at this shi***  a** hotel, and on top of that would not even call the police for us!But it getts better...What they did do is send us a bottle of the cheapest "sparkling wine" they had to offer ( not the $150 Veuve clicquot that they offered for sale in the room) I'm assuming the bottle they offered my friends was probably left behind by a previous guest! but hey who does not feel like celebrating after getting robbed? Now that I've given you some insight into our experience with this monstrosity of a hotel. The choice is yours kiddies, I know Vegas is all about risks! but stay at the Rumor and you might lose your shirt literally!P.S almost forgot there was a charge for four bottles of $8 Fiji Water on my bill, which is odd, because only two are offered in the room, and we never had maid service because all the maids look like ex crystal meth users.
1	Dear Lana,First of all, your hotel never called the cops after the incident occurred. We arrived to our room with the front door wide open.  I can only imagine how long our door stayed open like that after the incident occured. A security guard stated that he noticed the door was open and thought it was odd, but did nothing about it.  After noticing that our room was certainly robbed, it was I that called the poilce, not the hotel. I am the one who has been dealing with the detective throughout this whole ordeal. You never filed an insurance claim as was promised.Now for your next statement, "It is believed that this incident occurred as a result of you allowing unknown guests into your room to 'socialize' while leaving them there unattended," this is a complete lie. There were never more than 6 people in the room at a time (including myself and 2 other guests that were staying with me and had their belongings taken as well), and I was always in the room when there were guests present. Your hotel tried to pin a "noise complaint" on us regarding a party that occured the night before we even checked into the hotel. If there were security cameras present, then we would be able to prove that your claim is false. Rumor's fault in this situation is its lack of security. What I have been told is that there were no security cameras present in the areas that could have caught the culprits on video. Your security is one or two security guards patrolling the area.Thanks for nothing,Chris T.P.S. I was still charged for my stay. Alaink A. review on 6/6/2012 wil justify your lack of security and negligence to improve it.
4	I liked is alot. Friends were staying at the hard rock across the street. That's just not my scene. So I found this little place. Great prices for what you get. Excellent bar and food. The staff were all very nice and helpful. I guess if I had one minor complaint it's loud. But hey it's Vegas. The room was clean modern spacious. Smoke free. I'd stay here again if I stay on this side of the strip.
1	Just thought we'd drive down the street to grab an early evening drink. We have 'heard' how cool this bar is and thought we would check it out. Boy was I wrong. We walk in the hotel and head down to the bar. Its a cool setup but looks were very disappointing. I walk up to the bar and ask for a cocktail menu. I would never do this at a pub, local bar ect. but thinking that I was in a classy Las Vegas resort, I would think they have some nice beverages. When I ask for it the "bartender" says well we have a full bar. Thanks Captain Obvious, I can see that. I didn't even get a polite Hello. Unbelievable. So, I settled with the Mojito, thinking you can't mess that up. Boy, was I wrong again. Worst tasting Mojito I've EVER had. I will never be coming to this place again and advice anyone else to steer clear as well. If you want a nice bar at a True Las Vegas resort head down to the blvd.
1	I'm here with my husband for 1 night 7/21/12 room 2502 and I knew I should've listened to the other reviews! It's 6:07PM and we originally checked in at 2 (early check in) so the guy at the front desk said our room wasn't ready (which is fine). He asked for my cell # to call as soon as our room was ready. We went walking around locally until we started worrying why it was 5:30pm and still NO CALL!! We walk in all sweaty and told DAN (guy at front desk) why we haven't received a call!?!? He said "I apologize but it looks like we've upgraded you to a deluxe room" what a convenience, right? So we walk in, beautiful decor, but the free porn channel doesn't work. So my husband and I had to play rock paper scissors to see who would call front desk to complain about it! (I lost) so I call, Dan answers, I told him our free porn channel isn't working, he said, room service will be right up to fix it. EMBARRASSING and INCONVENIENT! it's 6:19PM now. I will keep you guys posted on what other fuck up happens (I can feel it).
2	Me and a couple other girls booked a room here last minute because we decided to drive up on Friday instead of Saturday morning as originally planned. We didn't want to pay for a pricey room on the strip at the last minute, so we found this place online, thought it was cute, and we ended up here. We parked in front, we were greeted by the valet, and we checked in. There were 3 male employees standing in front when we were done checking in. We had a ton of bags so we asked if we could use the luggage cart. Not once did they even offer to unload our luggage. They didn't even bother to help move the cart over to the car as they watched us struggle to get the cart over curb. One of the guys left to smoke a cigarette a few feet away and the two others just had a conversation as they watched us unload all of our bags from the car. Only when we had 2 small bags left to unload, one of the workers asked if we needed a hand. Seriously? I have never experienced that in Vegas. Usually we stay at the bigger hotels on the strip, but again this was last minute for this night and we had reservations for the Venetian for the following night. When we stay at other hotels we usually pull up, someone greets us, they ask if we need help with the luggage, they unload it, we tip them, and that's that. I guess this hotel isn't big on taking care of their guests. It's unfortunate because the hotel itself is quite cute. It would have been a decent stay, but the initial impression just turned me off from this place altogether.
1	My experience here was mediocre. When I first checked in it looked beautiful. When I went into my room it was very dim. They do not have a lot of lighting in there so might not be a good room with only girls. Getting ready was pretty difficult. Next, the ac started leaking our first night there. We called front desk and they said they can switch us rooms. We were already headed out the door and they said that they can do it tomorrow for us. Tomorrow came and Greg who was at the front desk was not helpful. There were no notes on the system of the room switch and basically said all the rooms are booked and they don't have a room available for us. Load of crock. When does a hotel fully booked and their lot is not even full, pool doesn't have people there, etc. he had the too bad so sad attitude. He looked at us if we were asking for an outrageous accommodation.  They ended sending a handyman out who fixed it and drained out all the water. Everything looked half done. For it to be remodeled it wasn't all that great. I was disappointed with the service I received and when asked by another person in the front desk when I checked out, I told her the same story and all she could say was sorry and I hope ur next stay with us will be better. Like realllly?????
4	When I want a peaceful hotel experience I don't stay here. When I want a wild wknd I book here . When I'm in party mode, I love the loud techno in the lobby at 4am, walking in pissed drunk, with one shoe (how I lost it I don't know) and getting no looks as if though my behavior is expected and normal. Free porn, so win. This isn't an hotel i would ever bring my kids too and if you do , well , get ready to be a bore. The rooms are super sweet for what you pay for. The pool is nice and I love the dj parties . For the times i want to relax and just rest I would book another hotel like the cosmopolitan or the Wynn . So, if your young and aren't reading tale of two cities poolside , go.
3	Hip Vegas boutique hotel located right across from the Hard Rock hotel.  Intimate and personal, a good alternative to the massive hotels located on the strip.  Decor is very decadent and a little gothic with dark purples and blacks.  Stayed at the suite complete with mirrors located in compromising places (wink, wink), and a hot tub located right in the bedroom.
2	I came with some friends to hang out and celebrate a recent graduation with some food and drinks. First impression inside...very modern...very clean...very trying to hard to be a name brand LA hotel hot spot. meh...Outside...umm...when did Motel 6 get a make-over?? Seriously...it seems cozy..and chill if you want to cater wtih a couple of friends..but more like, your local friends..lol not the out of town friends you really want to impress..The service for our tapas was an airhead..poor girl looked like she was on her 3rd job for the night..not attentive...not quick..literally...a walking zombie..Food...had mixed reviews..some friends liked it, some not so much. I happened to enjoy my chicken and bacon quesidillas...yummmy :)Overall...would I come back again? I wouldnt mind giving it a second round..with my local friends :)
5	I got a suite that opens up to the courtyard and I absolutely loved it!  The atmosphere was totally mellow and the rooms large and delightful.  The shower was totally cool, you must check it out.Had most of my meals at the hotel and the restaurant Addiction has some of the best French Toast and Fish Tacos anywhere int he world!awesome place
3	Okay, this place gets three stars because of the cool decor and the price.  But seriously, my God, who the hell manages this joke?About 20 friends and I stayed here in August 2012 for a weekend and it was fail after fail after fail!  We actually laughed about it the whole weekend when yet ANOTHER thing would make us cringe at the lack of hospitality the employees offered!  But I am fair and will point out the good things, too!First thing, we drive in, and we see valet one direction, and maybe 20 spots to the other.  Where the hell is the self-parking?!   No signs anywhere, and the two employees out front are of no help and are just talking to each other.  I sit there for a few seconds but after four hours in the car, mama needs to STRETCH HER LEGS.  We parked in what looked like it was probably a valet spot (It had a number on it) but no one stopped us, so whatever.  Come to find out the valet is FREE for hotel guests, yet the two attendants standing out front made absolutely ZERO move to wave us in their direction.  What dicks.Checking in was easy and the front desk chick gave us a little map of where to find our room.  We got settled in and of course, being in Vegas, we wanted to pop bottles and get the party started.  My friend and I went up to the bar in the lobby to ask where the ice machine was.  He said, "I think there's two in the adjacent building, but I don't know if they're working."  .....WUT.  Number 1, what the fuck does "adjacent" mean when there's, like, 18 buildings surrounding you?  (this hotel is made up of several small buildings) And, Number 2, WHY DON'T YOU GO ASK SOMEONE AND FIND OUT FOR US.  He ended up just filling up our ice bucket there at the bar and looked at me like I was a lunatic because I had lined the small bathroom trashcan with two plastic Target bags.  I mean, it was lined and we were immediately going to dump it into the sink to use as our "cooler" so I didn't think anything of it, but he looked at me like I was a random transient begging for a crust of bread.  Not impressed with the 'tude, Kind Sir. Next, we wanted room service to go with our homemade beverages; so we pick up the menu, pick a few items, and call up to order.  Apparently we have the wrong menu (as if this is our problem and not theirs) so, get this, instead of them offering to bring over the correct menu, the fool starts to READ OFF ALL OF THE MENU ITEMS TO MY FRIEND.... who then is expected to relay them to the rest of the room... so that we can decide what we want.  Could that BE any more awkward and inconvenient?  The flip-wording kitchen is probably all of 30 yards away from our room yet even after we told the guy "No, thanks, we'll order pizza," no effort was made to remedy the situation... by simply walking his sweet ass to our room with the correct menu............. ....................................... ........... .  Oh and then when we ordered pizza they wouldn't let the damn delivery guy come through the lobby to get to the actual hotel room, so we had to go to the lobby to pick it up.  I mean... it's Pizza Hut, not a fucking drug deal.The room itself was cute.  Uncomfortable couch that sticks to your skin so if you plan on packing five people in a room, make sure you bring a sheet or something to put down on it.  Free porn on the TV.  I mean, cool if you're into that sort of thing, I guess.  There was only one tiny ass trashcan which was kind of weird.  We had shit piling up all around it by three hours into our stay.  (After I tried to use it as an ice bucket, that is lol)The next morning a few friends and I went to the restaurant in the lobby.  First of all, it has a B rating.  HUH?  They have like, five menu items, how'd they screw that one up?  You know what, I don't even wanna know.  So there's proooobably four other people in this restaurant, and I swear it took a good ten minutes probably to even get menus, which I think we ended up having to ASK for.  The hell?!  The food was actually pretty good.  A big plate of the usual breakfast offerings for 9 bucks.  My friend got a parfait that was the size of a pudding cup and that was also 9 dollars....  so veto the parfait!  Another fail - they brought each plate out one at a time, like five min apart from each other!  What!!!?The pool is open 24/7 which was pretty sweet so can't complain there!  They did make us turn our music off because the hotel was about to start their own over the sound system...... but that never happened.  Liars!!!All in all, despite all this random bullshiz, I'd stay here again.  It's insanely cheap and just off the strip.  I didn't really expect five star service, but the level of "DUHHHH" in how easy it would have been to remedy a few of these things is worth mentioning!I'll be back, Rumor, but won't expect much in the way of hospitality!  ...or common sense.
3	OK, so I liked the place.  It was cute and inviting and my BF and I felt totally comfortable here.  Not a gay hotel but very gay friendly so it's 5 stars for that.  In fact this place should consider marketing to the gay scene, it would do well.The only significant issue we had was at check in and here's why.  They require $75/day up front when you check in so if you are staying for a few days be prepared to have a few extra hundred charged (not just authorized) to your account.   The big issue I had was I didn't know about this and when they ran my card for all nights room & tax and resort fee & tax and incidentals, my card was declined.  I figured NBD I'll transfer some funds and try again -- not an option.  Once a card is declined it can NOT be run again.  I was totally caught by surprise so I offered to pay cash for the room and incidentals and all other charges, and that too was not an option.  At this point I'm totally frustrated.  We were checked in for one night instead of two and worked it out before the next day.  This whole thing could've easily been avoided if somewhere in the reservation process they made very clear there was this $75/night for all nights refundable deposit required up front at check-in.My other issue is this is not a resort.  This is a cozy boutique hotel with a pool like any other hotel with a pool.  A cabana is available, but there is really NO service by the pool or any other amenities that I've experienced at a resort that would qualify this as a resort, so I don't agree with the (modest) resort fee.  In the 3 days that we were there we saw the pool attendant for a couple hours one day. He had his eye on a couple boys and they were the only people he was concerned about.In addition, our room rate for the last night was posted online at $70, we had reserved at $99, I asked if they would honor the lower rate and I was flatly told NO by Crystal.  I suppose I could've reserved online and checked out and in but I wasn't about to deal with any more hassle.I liked the house music that played from like 11am to 10pm, it wasn't too loud like other reviews said it made the hotel seem festive and fun.  We were pool side 30' from the hot tub and the noise was moderate at most. Seriously, if you're looking for serenity, don't come to Vegas and then bitch about the noise. Try Montana.Check out day comes and we asked for a late check-out and were offered 1 hr free and $25/hr after -- seems fair except he room rate for that night online...$40. If they really were customer service oriented, they would've offered another night at $40 as an option for as late a check out as we wanted  This hotel is NOT about customer service, specifically at the front desk.  Bar and Restaurant staff were friendly and courteous. Breakfast was good, Gil was super friendly at the bar. All said this place is unique and a welcome break from the monster hotels that are about a 15 minute walk to the strip.  I recommend it to GLBT travelers and friends of those.  It's an easy staggering distance from the gay clubs and you can walk across the street to the Hard Rock if you're looking for a casino or more amenities or the infamous Rehab Sundays.  I would recommend Rumor for a stay, if you come with the understanding it's going to be a great stay if YOU make it one.
5	Awesome place, very hip.
3	Yappy Hour review only.I've never been to Rumor before, I have no idea what the rooms are like but I pity the folks that had rooms booked in the courtyard area the night of Yappy Hour (third Thursday of every month from 6p-9p), a few dogs tried to get in an open patio door. LOL.We had some drinks, met some cool people and dogs, got a free doggie dental check, and got to run off our pups energy. Our dog had a great time, so that's all that counts. This is an awesome event I wish more places would try and hold something similar.The only negatives of the night were...I was surprised people brought children.There are some cacti around the courtyard, my pooch got a few cactus spines in his hip.There was a Dog eating contest for the canines, fastest to eat their cookies wins...afterward there were extra cookies, one of the girls walked into the grassy area and just dropped the carton on the ground, luckily not a lot of dogs noticed, our dog got a few before we took it away, her dropping these cookies could've caused a dog fight.The front gate needs to be secured better, while we were there 2 dogs got out, luckily they were caught before getting lost.Parking is sparse, they do provide free valet though.We can't wait to go to the next one.
4	This Hotel is very nice and fun for the price; I would most definitely stay here again. The rooms are very trendy and stylish; it sort of feels like like a small villa hotel in Europe. The only down side is that it is a bit far from the strip walking distance, but then again you have the Hard Rock Hotel right across the street.We had our own little balcony with view of the Hard Rock and a Jacuzzi tub with a window of the same view. All the employees were very friendly. The pool is a bit small and if it's a busy weekend it gets way too crowded. There's not many ice machines and the 2 available are at the back of the hotel.
1	As local Las Vegans, hubby & I like to spend a night in a hotel from time to time, enjoy the (usually) superb Vegas rooms. Rumor advertises a trendy vibe so we decided to check it out. Parking is a nightmare...and it all goes downhill from there. They seemed to be quite understaffed. Just one person at the front desk and she was trying to do 10 things at once. She was pleasant though and informed me we had been "upgraded" to an Oasis View room. I had specifically booked the Skyline room as I find rooms facing the pool tend to be quite noisy, but this was what they had left (despite checking in an hour early). First tip to the lack of cleanliness was the food on the floor in the hallway. No, I don't mean someone's room service tray left out - I mean food actually on the carpet. And this was the hallway right off the main lobby. In the room itself the tub and sink were both less than spic & span also. While the decor is as pictured on their website, it's really just a new coat of paint on an old (and I do mean old) motel. The TV in the living room is smaller than my computer monitor! LOL And apparently no one considered towel racks in the bathroom. The "soaking tub" is just an old, worn, broken jacuzzi tub. Now being nothing more than an old motel 6, you can imagine the walls are thin so the noise level is already higher than your average Vegas room. But the real treat was the private event that they had sold the courtyard out for that had a live DJ blaring until 3:30am!!! Great if you always dreamed of having your bed in the middle of a nightclub but otherwise not so much. Now, remember I had booked, via Rumor's own website, the Skyline room and was "upgraded" to the Oasis View which gave us front row seats to the noise and the party, to which we could not attend as it was a private event. So I finally called the front desk at 3am and asked how long this would be going on. It took 3 tries before the guy could even hear me (yes, the noise was that loud) and then he informed me until 4am. I requested that since I had booked a different room to begin with and did not appreciate the noise, could they at least give us a late check-out. He asked how late and I replied what could he do. He curtly told me 12:00 was the latest he could give us with out additional fees. Wow, a whole hour. Now they do have a free porn channel but is old, dubbed over porn and that one amenity hardly makes up for all the shortcomings.Rumor is a cheap motel playing dress-up trying to be more than it is. It's over-priced and on top of that they will sell whatever real estate they have to make an extra buck at the expense if their guests' comfort. The staff can be quite rude and cleanliness is clearly not a priority. So to sum it up, Rumor is a great choice if you want something just a half step above motel 6 to party in after the prom. If you're an adult, Vegas has FAR better to offer. Especially at nearly $180 a night.
4	Great priced rooms that are amazing inside! All the furniture matches, flat screen TV's, beautifully decorated. It's not far from the Strip, and I really like that it's a hotel first, not casino. The website is super easy to book through too. I will be suggesting this place regularly!Only dislike - I wish it had a bigger parking area, but they have most of the parking for valet. If its ever too full, you can always park right next to it at the Hard Rock HRH parking lot for free.They also offer local's discounts! (10% I think.)
5	We travel a lot and have stayed at many hotels but none like this. We travel to Vegas every year for CES and normally stay in one of the larger casinos and hotels. Never again! Every aspect of Rumor was perfect. From the valet to check in staff to the room. The restaurant and bar staff were excellent even though there was a wedding in the grounds as well. I will absolutely stay here again and again and I absolutely would recommend this to everyone I know.
1	Yappy Hour OnlyToo Bad it's $10 to get in to the Howl-O-Ween party this year otherwise we would have gone. The Howl-O-Ween party last year was alright, but NO WAY was it worth $10.
5	This is probably the best place to stay off of the strip.  There's a relaxed, cool vibe from the guests and the staff.  It's pretty gay friendly, but not a gay hotel.  It's an easy walk across the street to the Hard Rock, if you feel like it, but we've always run into fun people at Rumor's pool.
5	Praise God.....for someone FINALLY getting it right!!!Pulling up into valet, I knew instantaneously that my stay here would be a pleasurable experience. The location alone sold me, especially after I'd cancelled my reservation at Luxor due to their hot tub jets not functioning! Who the hell wants a hot tub with no jets? Come on now!!! I've got a bath tub at home. Anyway, as I digress on my vent fest - I booked a suite at Rumor and upon my arrival I immediately took notice to some mongoloid visiting from out of town and/or attempting to argue with the front desk associate on shift at the time. This "soon to be guest" held up the line to check in for a good 20 minutes arguing over the $11.99 "Las Vegas Resort" fee. Are you kidding me??? He testified to the Holy grail that the Rumor website and/or Expedia didn't advertise this fee. To speed up the line, I offered to pay the damn fee for him! Hell, after suffering through 5 hours of traffic from LA to Vegas - the last thing I want to hinder me from enjoying myself is some idiot arguing over twelve damn dollars! Compliments to the guy on shift (I don't want to give out your name) but his composure was above reproach as I surely would've caught a case over this entire ordeal had I been in his position.Moral of that story: Beware of incompetent out of town idiots....ya' can't please everyone!Moving on .....passing up the bar where I requested a pineapple kamikaze (you've gada' try this!!!), I went on up to the room and one would've thought I'd opened the door to Heaven. The white decor' aside of the gray and purple theme was absolutely captivating. It reminded me of my own home and in turn I was entranced by nothing short of an inundation of modern, chic - comfort. The photos don't do this place justice. Bedding arrangements - PLUSH. Noise encountered by way of other guest(s) - NONEXISTENT. The staff - WELL TRAINED and patient (see story from above). The decor - STRAIGHT OUT OF COSMO or TRAVEL MAGAZINE. The location was just off of The Strip so I was able to avoid traffic and fyi, Hard Rock, located directly across the street, has a 24 hour restaurant allowing you to dine locally and come back to enjoy your room alongside a martini or 2. The purple hammocks by the pool area were a nice touch as well...Love it!!!Suffice it to state, I've located my new favorite hotel. I look forward to my next visit.
2	We stayed at the Rumor for my bffs bday and it was a fine stay but we accidentally left some things behind in our hurry to get things tidied up .... and upon going back to ask if the stuff had been found (which should most likely be immediately after cleanup since they were the next people in the room) we were told it hadnt shown up as yet. We checked out yesterday. So why wasnt it turned in immediately after clean up? and I know that we left it because I didnt unplug my brookstone charger to put in my bag and no one checked the closet for the clothes that were there before we left. So this bums me out. I hate forgetting things when staying away from home but its even more sad that when you leave it at a hotel, then its just gone forever because the staff gets to keep it (or whatever the arrangement is for lost and found). So I had to post this comment here because I believe that the lost and found is as much of the experience as anything else we were catered to and if someone drops the ball like this, maybe something will be done to better serve from this aspect.Thank you,Tonya
1	I could give two stars but one star is more proper from my experience with this place.  Just because one saturday night was so loud, college kids screaming, yelling and running up and down on the hallways.  This place is not for family, this place is for college kids and young people who like to party.  Its just the characteristic of this place.  If I knew that before I go there, I wouldnt even try this place.  Staff members were nice, room was cheap but that was all about this place.  The room given to me had no tub.  No tub...  Come on, Motel 6 has tubs.  So I requested to change the room with a tub at the front desk next day after I spent one night at the room with no tub.  I had no id or anything about me.  I just went there to ask.  The front desker ask me for id of which I didnt have, and then he asked me my name, of course I gave him, and he asked me the lat 4 digits of the credit card.  Speechless...  Who memorizes last 4 digits of the credit card?  And he was checking the computer and said, 'I have only one room with the tub'.  Very hard to believe.  It was Sunday morning and I saw the parking lot and most of cars are gone, meaning most of guests checked out.  I even saw many guests checking out on that morning.  Just had one room with the tub...  I chose that one and this room had no view, big AC vent was outside of the window.  Very loud and noisy...  At that point I wasnt sure if I should thank the front desker.  He was acting he was doing me a favor.  Not a good taste around my mouth.But, two rooms I have been, they smell like cheap, very cheap after shave lotion, specially latter room smelled like vomit by the door, plus cheap after shave lotion.  I didnt want to deal with front desk any more so I just swallowed.  I just had a problem with one front desker, Greg, or he had a problem with me...  Two other female front deskers, maids, that pretty restaurant lady, and even valet guys were nice and kind though.  And resort fee of $11.99 per night...  What resort fee?  Just because it has an outdoor swimming pool that no used?  It was Christmas weekend and it was obviously cold.  There was nothing resort about this place at least during my stay.  I have a couple more to illustrate but you get the idea.  If you do not mind party atmosphere, this place may be for you but if you need to sleep at night in peace, try other hotel.  I am not returning to this place at any price.
1	One star is overly generous.  Don't stay here. We booked a room months ago and we showed up around 11am knowing we were well in advance of check-in.    No big deal, we left our bags with the front desk and went to wander around town for four hours. When we came back to check-in, we were told our room had been water damaged ***EARLIER IN THE WEEK*** and they didn't have a room for us. What the.......?? They couldn't have mentioned this little tidbit HOURS earlier when we dropped our bags and got ripped off at the bar for overpriced water.They offered to book us at their sister property which was all the way at the other end of the Strip. No thanks.  We passed on staying 10 miles in the OTHER direction from where we needed to meet friends.The icing on the cake was the attitude of the General Manager -- flippant, arrogant and unapologetic.  And as I'm talking with him, the front desk checks other people in who just walked in the door?  Unbelievable.The Hard Rock Hotel across the street was a pleasant change.  When we explained to them how we were treated at Rumor Boutique, they found us a room, gave us a discounted rate and checked up on us to make sure we had everything we needed.
2	Well, where to begin.... after driving for 5 hours you want to get to your destination and relax. We pulled up to the Rumor "Resort" and parked. I didn't see they had valet parking, but that's good, we ended up using it later on. Going into the lobby, as mentioned in many other reviews, someone was arguing about the "resort" fees. I must say that after staying there, I agree. There was nothing "resortful" about this place. At least not in the winter time. In their courtyard, they do have some hamocks and a nice green area. The pool also seemed decent, but like I said, when it's 30 degrees outside, the pool doesn't matter.  After checking in, they gave us a bottle of champagne, nice touch, haven't drank it yet though but that was nice of them. We headed to our room based on the instructions the lady gave us and that's where my problems with this place began. Since our room was in the back area, she had us go through the outside and go around the hotel perimeter which was next to some indoor mini golf place. The walkway was really dark and it could've been easy to get mugged or attacked there. They have many doors surrounding the perimeter to get into the hotel, but your door key only opens up the one closest to your room. I think the keys should have access to all doors, after all you are staying there. Sometimes parking was an issue and you had to park on the other side and due to the key not opening doors, you had to walk all around the hotel. Not cool when you have stuff to carry.In addition to that, when we finally got to our room, it was like 45 degrees in there. It was freaking cold. They had a thermostat remote, but it doesn't explain how to use it. All you see are pictures and you have to fiddle with it until you understand how it works. The bathroom doesn't get any heat so good luck with that. The bathroom floors are freezing. I guess it depends on the room because we had some friends staying there too and their heating system looked alot newer and worked fine. If you're a light sleeper, this isn't the place for you being that the airport is like a block away and the airplanes fly really low above you. It bothered me the first night, but the second night I decided to "drink off" the noise. I didn't hear a damn thing :) Overall, would I recommend it? Probably not. Especially in the winter when you can get rooms in the strip for cheap. I already had reservations at a hotel on the strip and canceled because we wanted to stay with the group. That was my mistake.
5	we loved our suite!!! gorgeous and clean.noise level---none, but maybe its because we came in the winter season.will definitely stay here again...btw, out suite with separate living room was 45bucks/night----awesome deal!!!!
5	I just stayed here with my husband last weekend when we went to Vegas for a wedding. I really can't think of anything that was missing from this place. We had no problem finding parking, the valets in the front were super friendly and even pushed the luggage rack to our room for us and was talkative and friendly the whole way. The person who checked us in was very clear on the charges and showed us on a map exactly where our room was. We got a free bottle of champagne on check in and she showed us where to pick that up. The lobby was squeaky clean which is hard to maintain when you have so much white tile and leather everywhere. The ambiance was great with plants, pillows, wall paper, beads, candles, and croc skin wallpaper.When we got to the room it was very clean and felt more like a home than just a hotel room. I love the colors and decorations and every piece of furniture was super soft and comfy. Our bed was a huge pillow top with great pillows you could just melt into after running around. We had a large tub in our room; I saw other reviews saying the water didn't stay in the tub which made laugh. I put the drain plug down and the water stayed in the tub as expected. The soaps were nice and smelled good so it was nice to relax in a bath with music and champagne that was hot and then climb into bed. The shower was awesome too I have to say. It was a directly overhead shower head with great water pressure. Even the hair dryer was a really great one. We were going to run late for the wedding and I swear my hair dried in 5 minutes and normally takes 15. lolOur first night there we went to the bar for happy hour where we had great cocktails and sangria, tender calamari, and a great artisan flat bread margherita style pizza. The price was so minimal for the quality. Our bartender was Mark and he was so incredible! He was friendly and answered questions about which places to go around Vegas. My husband had to leave for a bachelor party so I was watching the A&M game on TV and talking to Mark and a few other nice patrons at the bar. It was great. Room service was ordered later and was moderately priced and delivered timely(again, Mark) and to be cliche...with a smile. Really if the manager is reading this Mark needs a reward! His service was the best and he greeted everyone who came to the bar ina very timley and friendly manner and was so welcoming. After dealing with the Hard Rock Casino bar this was a big deal!We also took advantage of breakfast at the hotel. I got egg whites with bell peppers and onions with wheat toast and my husband got the french toast with their incredible homemade strawberry jam on it and both were very fresh and tasty! Our waitress was also very sweet.Needless to say from the moment I booked with the Michael to the moment we checked out our experience was nothing but wonderful. I will certainly stay here again next time I'm in Vegas and recommend it to anyone!
5	Got this pretty cheap on a Sunday night. We had an excellent stay! Our little trip was beyond perfect and Rumor really helped with that! The room was beautiful and clean. Some small, random element did need touching up but big deal! There was nothing really wrong with the room. The tub was nice and clean and we even watched the Pro Bowl from it! Haha.Staff was friendly. Definitely helped us with everything we needed. We didn't have any problems with parking but maybe because it's the off season. That being said, we didn't experience any pool parties BUT the planes flying over into McCarran in the morning were BRUTAL. Gosh, it was ridiculously loud. I recommend earplugs or some NyQuil in order to sleep through that. Otherwise, it was great. Room service was yummy too.
1	This place looks like it is one step away from closing down and no surprise considering how rude the staff is.  Not one person the entire weekend smiled or said hello.  Maybe it's a Vegas thing, but me thinks NOT.  To top it off the valet has sticky fingers.  Had a cap in the backseat that had sentimental value and the jerk decided to grab it for himself.  Called as soon as I discovered it and was told the manager would return my call and I never heard a thing.  Although the rooms look nice, they felt dirty.  Never again!!!  Oh and another thing, no coffee pot in the room, but you can have a pot delivered for a fee.  Whatever!
5	FAST_VIEW: rumor hotel has a bipolar set of reviews that sit at 1 star or 5 stars with little in between. i had a 5 star experience! roomy for the price, clean, super value and close to the strip. i loved itpros: convenient, trendy, inexpensive, good location, roomy, valuecons: if you look close enough, you can see it used to be a motel, but you must look hard so it's not that bad a con. must use valet, if you care about self parking but its included in your resort fee... oh ya! no ice machine, must get at the bari cant find much of a bad thing to say about Rumor Boutique. the room is spacious for what you might pay at Luxor and being just off strip makes it easy to get in and out of where you want to be in Vegas. i like that it is an extremely short walk from my car to my hotel room no matter what i do, when you compare the hoopla one has to go through to get back to one's room at Aria or other big name hotels.no casino to walk through, don't have to wait for an elevator to take me 30 flights up, and honestly, even if your room is at the end of a hall, it's not 60 rooms down. this is a much more homey, comfortable experience.the room is decked out with all that modern hipster cool, crazy artsy stuff and lighting. you get a white leather couch, living room, bar area, 2 queens and a bath accessible by 2 doors... this place is perfect. the only things i missed from big name hotels are: ice must be gotten at the bar down stairs, luckily it's not a far walk but now you can't abuse that industrial ice machine to fill your bathtub with it. sometimes you want to self park but spaces are limited so they prefer you valet. you can still try to park if you want though. that's it!
4	I see there are a lot of up and down reviews about Rumor. This place was great and did earn 5 stars, even though I'm only giving them 4.The room was very spacious and mostly clean. Everyone on here is whining about rooms being dirty. If you don't want to stay in a room that's dirty, don't stay in a hotel. No matter what, there is always going to be some amount of dirt. Compared to other rooms I've stayed in, this one was pretty clean.It was very modern and fun, and a great room for the price. We got the upgraded room, with a huge tub and mirrors, plus complimentary champagne for about $100. They forgot our champagne at first and made up for it by bringing us chocolate covered strawberries.They let us in the room way before check-in time, per my request, which was nice. Check in is at 4pm, they called me at 10:30am and said my room was ready to check in.Overall, this was a great experience. I don't know what it's like during summer, it seems like it may be busy. Our stay was peaceful and very enjoyable.Pros: Swanky room with fun decorAffordable & CleanMost of the staff went above and beyond to make our stay greatFree adult movie channelCons:The tub has a bit of paint chipped off it, but no big dealThe guy to check me in was a bit rude and off-putting, but the lady I checked out with was excellent (I believe her name was Crystal?)You have to walk through the lobby to get to your room, no matter what. There is no "private" way inThe free adult movie channel had stuff from like the late 90's, straight up old school pornFor my wife's birthday room, it was excellent. We will totally be back, maybe many times if the other stays are anything like this one.Like I said, the place deserves 5 stars, but the guy(s) who checked us in seemed like they didn't want to talk to me (maybe because I didn't have boobs?), and this is why they get 4 stars. Not really a problem of the resort, but of that one staff member.I do recommend this hotel, it was a lot of fun. Did I mention we did a photoshoot in the room? It was a perfect room for that, and a nice change from most of the boring and drab rooms that are in this price range.
5	Five stars for Yappy Hour!  1 star for our waitress.   This was my first time attending Yappy Hour.  The event is 6-9 every third Thursday of the month.  Admission was $10 which gives you two drink tickets.  It also benefits the Animal Foundation.  Once you've paid and entered the courtyard you let your dog off leash and hope for the best!  Kidding of course.  Being the overprotective dog Mom that I am I was a little nervous at first because the area is huge, and I don't usually frequent dog parks and when I have I was able to keep my animals in sight the whole time.  Not really the case here but after awhile my girlfriend, who accompanied me without a dog, told me to calm down and we sat at a table and ordered a couple appetizers and used up our drink tickets.  It was a fun, well organized event.  Rumor even had  pooper scooper patrol.  My only complaint was our server Chantal.  My girlfriend and I ordered two appetizers  from the Happy Hour menu well before the 7 o'clock end time.  When are unitemized bill came it was $19.46.  I asked why so much and she said we ordered after 7 and we said no, we didn't and not only that the time for Happy Hour is unclear as the event flyer even states 6-9.  So an otherwise great evening ended on a sour note thanks to Chantal. I do plan on going back next month and hopefully will get a different waitress.  The Courtyard is not extremely well lit as it got darker in the evening.  I think next time I will put a colorful bandanna on my dog or a collar light so she is easier to spot.
1	This place has the potential to be amazing. I loved our suite. The customer service is atrocious. The manager doesn't come in till 11am? Are you kidding me? I have a list of customer service issues with this place.The manager did email me but he never followed up with a phone call. - Our breakfast in bed was never served-Went down to the cafe to eat and there were a few drunken men shouting at a baseball game. ( not a very nice ay to wake up in the morning)- The bartender snapped at my husband when I asked for a new espresso to be poured. It was look warm and bitter when served to me.-The waitress forgot our order- Dinner room service was supposed to take twenty minutes and it came in over and hour- A/C was freezing and the remote to turn it off was broken- My husband went down to get me a blanket. They told him they would bring one up. Again over an hour to get it. - Called three time to speak to a manager and was given the run aroundI will say the free bottle of champagne we got as part of booking a suite was tasty.
4	Haven't stayed overnight here but the bar is awesome! Love the atmosphere.
3	Stayed here this past weekend. The hotel looks so cool from the outside, so I have always wanted to stay. We checked in at 245pm on Saturday, and we were quoted a 30 min wait for our room to be ready, which ended up being 5 minutes.  We were put in a junior suite, however, my reservation was for a deluxe suite. I'm not sure if they tried to put us there because we wouldn't notice, but I had to check to be sure. They "upgraded" us to a premium oasis suite, which sounds cool, but is really just a deluxe suite with a pool view. The location was cool, because it was right across the street from the hard rock. If you are going to a concert at the joint, like we did, you can walk right over. The rooms have modern decor, similar to cosmo in my opinion. Here is what was advertised and not provided: there was no iPod docking station, no rumor bath supplies, no adult channels.  I would have preferred to know there was no iPod docking station, because I would have brought my own. Also, there is no valet service on Sundays, which was part of the "resort fee". Also, the bathtub was not really clean, which made me not want to use it. There are no towel racks, so towels will not properly dry. The ice machine in building 3 did not work all weekend, closest working ice machine was in building 8. Also, they provide 2 drinking glasses, much smaller than a regular cup, but just bigger than a shot glass. Also, there are two flat screen TVs, but the living room tv is tiny, maybe twice the size of an iPad. Also, the air conditioning units are loud, so you will be sleeping in a warm, stuffy but quiet room, or a cool, super noisy room. Overall, it is a Cosmopiltan Room on a budget, away from the strip, but has its share of drawbacks.
5	A great and friendly resort....
5	I can't complain about anything here,  great price and great room,  got the deluxe suite for the price of a jr suite and a free bottle of champagne? can't go wrong with that.  Great customer service and the bar open 24 hours with a cool bartender :)
2	Stayed here in December. LOOOVE the decor and how the room looks. HATE everything else. No room service after 8pm. No cleaning after 4pm. No towel rack in the bathroom (what really? Yes) So maybe I came expecting something different from a boutique hotel. Personally, I would rather spend the same money at somewhere like MGM.  Oh, and because it is off the strip, it is a $10 cab ride there and back at least every day. That adds up.
4	I was very skeptical about staying here for a few reasons. 1. The mixed reviews about the room and the unsavory looking bathtub in the room. 2. I didn't know anyone who had every stayed there 3. The fact that the website is a more than a little misleading as It shows the room pictures with a big soaking tub. Because of my skepticism and the fact the price was so low I had to double check. When I've tried to book a room in the past I called to and inquired about the big tub situation. The receptionist informed me that it was not guaranteed. This was a big red flag and very off putting to me. Therefore, I opted to stay elsewhere. This time the nice lady I spoke to when I called, I think maybe a Christina or Cynthia was so nice and explained that the possibility of me getting the type of room I wanted was high, I decided to book with Rumor. You must understand, in the past when I called, they were not very helpful or pleasant. She was, and I was so glad I booked this room. I needed 2 nights, but I didn't want to book it until I saw the room.  It was awesome, especially for the price. The customer service from the lady who checked me in on Wednesday morning was great, she was so nice and assured me that if I wanted to stay the second night she would honor the same price. We called and informed them we would be staying. We loved the fact that the pool wasn't ridiculously crowded, we even got a daybed for free. I believe it's first come. They had a cocktail waitress who was also very pleasant, she even brought us lemon waters without us even asking, which was super because I was so so hot and my bottled water was no longer cold. Our cocktails were really good and we don't do foo foo drinks. I had some refreshing cucumber concoction and my husband had a grape something or other. He loved his drink!! It was delicious! One of the highlights of our stay was a Polynesian Party they were having by the pool. It was free admission, I believe open bar for an hour and then after some drink specials. The band was awesome! Lots of reggae.  Just very chill and great vibe! We didn't leave our room and we didn't have to. We just sat out in the balcony and enjoyed the show. I did not feel like I was in Vegas at all!Since it was Wednesday and Thursday, there was no valet and this wasn't a big deal because we were so in and out. We didn't eat at their restaurant, but we did get room service. It was a burger and I found it decent. My husband thought it was overcooked. I am planning to make this a repeat stay cation for us, especially when they have the Polynesian nights! The down sides: There were only two locations to get ice, in the lobby and one of the buildings. I don't remember which one. I had a Do Not Disturb sign on the door and they disturbed. I guess the housekeeper didn't know we were staying another night. Not so bad but annoying. There also was a bartender that my husband found very rude. I didn't encounter this individual, therefore I can't explain.Oh, by the way I have to mention the free porn in the room. It was hilarious! Strange, not that all porn isn't strange, but this was from like the 90's!! So so funny!
4	This place cracks me up.We were in town to see Prince and this was across the street from the Hard Rock. Its small and clean and reasonably priced so that's why we stayed. We got a free bottle of champagne when we checked into the room so that was fun.The reason is cracks me up is that it is the weirdest mix of people and the weirdest mix of things going on as well. Don't get me wrong, we had a blast and the place was exactly what we needed. There were 4 of us and we rented a cabana for the day and there was a $200 minimum but included food and drink so we were happy we didn't have to go anywhere. Our room had a hot tub next to the bed so that was fun.I would stay again for sure but be ready to see some interesting people and some interesting things happening at the pool.
5	This a great place to hang out with groups.....chill because you can be at the pool or your room, all in a roundtrip time of 5 minutes. You are not constantly distracted and overstimulated by a casino because there isn't one. It's an intimate place where you can rest and relax, hang out in a hammock or by the pool. On the weekends there is a DJ if you want to have your own party by the pool, there is potential there without having to commit to the full on Rehab party at the Hard Rock. Weekdays by the pool are super chill, no minimum was required of us to use the cabana, though once we settled in it was easy to order up because the waitress was super friendly and attentive!Chef Steve 'the people's chef' is amazing. He will take good care of you and do so with a smile. He is passionate and dedicated to giving you a good experience at Rumor. All the bartenders were also super friendly, security, front desk all very cool, nice people.Rooms very comfortable, awesome shower and slept amazing in the dark room and the beds are NICE!Everyone was SO NICE......and the Hard Rock is just across the street when you want to be surrounded by VEGAS BABY IN YOUR FACE!! Plus reasonably priced, yummy sushi and a CVS a block away, this made Rumor even more practical. Who needs the whole strip anyway?Side note: you have to request stuff if you want it, such as a hairdryer (should be standard, right?) and there is no fridge in room. Also no hooks to hang towels in the bathroom which would be a simple thing to make it nicer in there.
1	Stayed here last night and I didn't feel like it held up to the yelp reviews. First the positives, the room was very spacious. There was plenty of room to lounge around. Also the room was decorated pretty nice. It gave me a very cozy feeling. Even thou I didn't use it, there were hammocks for public use which is pretty cool. Other than that I can't think of any other positives about this place. Now for the negatives, even though the rooms were decorated well, the rooms were pretty dim. Most of the decorations were darker colors which made the room a little darker. Decided to open up the window to let some light in and there wasn't that mesh that lets light in and keeps people from staring in. The balcony that we had was horrible. First there was a bunch of bleach smell, which can be good because it's clean, but I see it as a bad because it was so strong I couldn't stand out there for very long. The balcony view on the right was also horrible, since the room was in the corner the two buildings on the left and the right blocked most of the view. I felt like my room was in an ally way and i could only see bits and piece of people walking by. Along with the balcony view, on the left side, was a cat walk, which i wouldn't have mind but it was so close that if our blinds were opened anybody could see straight into the our bed room. This wouldn't have been so bad if it had the mesh things i mentioned above, but they didn't so it's a fail for them. Now for the bathroom, there's a few little things that bugged me about this hotel. First off, the sink is round and tall, kind of like a big salad bowl. I don't mind it looking like a salad bowl, until i turned on the water, the pressure was so high that the faucet sink shot the water right out of the bowl like a water slide and got me all wet. Secondly, I was expecting a tub, something that i could sit in a relax my muscles, but there wasn't one, I thought I heard that all the rooms had one, but i could be wrong. So this last one could have gone either way. Third, there were no cups for us to use to brush our teeth, we had to scoop the water with our hands to rinse our mouth. Lastly, I don't know if the water was safe to use, when i turned on  the water, it kind of smelled like chlorine, not sure if it was me, but i doubt it. Lastly the the biggest disappointment of this hotel was the PARKING!!!! This hotel if i remember correctly only holds about 150 rooms which is suppose to give the feel of a private community, what they don't tell you is there are ONLY 150 parking spots, or at least that's what it looked like to me. But what sucks about that is it seemed like they saved 130 spots for valet and 20 for self parking. Also that i don't mind, but when we got back from dinner and wanted to park, ALL THE SPOTS WERE TAKEN!! Even the valet spots were taken, they had to park cars where you check into the valet making passing the front doors impossible. So we asked an employee what we should do and he said that we should valet park it, which we didn't mind, so we asked him if it was possible, then he said they were all full!!! Why suggest something when you know it's full!!! So we asked what we should do since self parking and valet parking was full, he just laughed said he didn't know, and walked away!!! WTF right!? We ended up parking across the street at the Hard Rock hotel and walking back to the hotel! Out of everything that happened, this pissed me off the most. Over all, the decoration is good, but other than that, I hate everything else. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody, I rather pay double the price at another hotel than come back here. .
3	This hotel/motel was ok. It wasn't dirty but clearly wasn't a 4-5 star hotel. I think it's perfect for those who are on a budget and partying with friends. The bed was big but not comfortable. There was a bath tub, however, it didn't look 100% clean. The decor was fun and modern and the front desk people were nice. I think the walls are thin because I could hear the guests next door talking, and they were not yelling. Oh yeah, if you plan on bringing kids to the room, BE SURE to SUPERVISE the remote control, they can accidentally run into the adult channel while flipping through!  Ahh!
2	I stayed here last weekend. NOT what other yelpers have described it. Don't be fooled by their site either. Cons:It's a chic/posh boutique hotel--yes, but it's all very cheaply made and terrible terrible upkeep. It felt like a cheap diner...When we used our sink we heard this crazy abrupt loud shaking sound. The doors don't swing shut, a couple windows had those cheap thin pull-up blinds, couch was that gross oldschool plastic. It's ghetto. The pool is trying. Their sand is like kitty litter; painful and very unappealing. Pool was full of leaves, bugs, n grass. No towels out. Their "dog park" has a fake, cheesy, plastic fire hydrant surrounded by AstroTurf, mean while everywhere else has large luscious lawns. Didn't make sense to me. The worst part was the restaurant. I ordered the frittata--it's NOT what is described on the menu at all! It looked great actually, but it's not what I like, definitely not what I ordered n I returned it for a Plain Jane, crappy, over-priced egg scramble, toast, etc. The server leveled with me n said they haven't updated the menu mainly bc they don't want to lose the old chef's name--yet they completely change the menu ingredients? Why even bring me a menu? It's nothing like what I'm gonna get. Insane. Unprofessional. This place needs a complete overhaul on management/ownership. Pros:The staff was amazing however! Our server did her job and was super sweet. I know it's not her fault at all; it's the management and the new chef for not sticking-up for his own name. The lady that was at the front desk was super sweet and helped me with printing, etc. and one of the bartenders helped me gets towels for the pool. I'm almost 100% sure there were drug deals going on with the other bartender. A lot if us were watching and noticing multiple characters n instances. NOT JOKING! I'm giving this place a 2 for the staff really trying and the fact that this place allowed dogs. Please don't be fooled by the amazing website; we definitely were.
4	Dear Rumor:  I'd seriously suggest you fire that mean "attendant" who "welcomed" us into the hotel, which such a 'stick up her A$$ attitude, but other than her... our trip was amazing.The reality is this place has mixed reviews, and I think it really comes down to the caliber of the Yelpers!A hotel is a really sort of personal thing, and people expect very different things when coming to their home away from home.My boyfriend and I Loved, Loved, Loved the place!Now unlike most hotel's especially those in Vegas, Rumor is a lot more low key, and down to earth, in fact it appears to be a converted apartment complex.  I'm not positive, but that to me would explain some things about the set up of the spot.  We got an amazing deal through Southwest, and our four day trip, with air fair included came to just over 400.00, and we even had an elevated tub in our room, as well as a rain fall shower.  The room it's self was really nice; adorable, actually.  I love Demask themes, and actually have the same white, purple, and black demask theme at home, so I felt right "at home".   The tub was huge, and almost heart shaped, which I loved.  I also got a kick out of how the patio door opens, I actually brushed my teeth outside in the NV sun, while getting ready to out out.  Well I feel like I could write on this place forever, so here are some pointers:Pros:~Kick A$$ hammocks.  There's nothing better than falling asleep outside, steps away from your door step, and knowing that your actually pretty darn safe!~For one reason or another, this hotel feels really safe, and inviting to me... it's great for chill laid back couples, a group of girlfriends, or gay guys.  I really wouldn't see a bunch of meat head single dudes, feeling at home here, though. ~Nice clean rooms, friendly room service, and cool boutique feel.~Gay, gay, and gay... now this seems to be a very gay friendly spot, which is great, because that means there are super sexy looking, extra friendly guys at the pool, who really do 'just want to be your friend'.  (wink)~When my honey lost his phone, it was returned... Thank you to the honest patrons, and staff!Cons:~The bathroom shower looked a little worn, not dirty just like it could use a bit of a helping hand :(  ~You have to request that room service change all your bedding, otherwise the only do the bare minimum (there's even a room service sign that says this)~You have to pay a few hundred bucks upfront for "incidentals", which is absolutely ridiculous, because they don't simply reserve your info, they actually RUN your card, and reimburse you later!  WTH?!~Also, not all of the staff wear's a happy face, and well... I'm really only referring to the not so attractive, overweight, woman at the front desk who checked us in.  My honey says she was mean to me because she was FU (fat, and ugly).  Yeah.... don't hate, lift weights! ;)  A guest's first face on their vacation, should be a friendly one...
4	Rumor is a great little boutique hotel in Vegas. While its a mile from the strip, it's directly across from the Hard Rock. I actually preferred the location. Close enough but also a little less crazy. The rooms are large, clean and well decorated. The bathroom was huge! The pool area was nice and the best part was the relaxing hammocks. Rumor has an in house restaurant called Addiction. Good food and good staff. Thank you to our server Fermonick. She was excellent!I recommend this place highlySent from my iPhone
4	Was really pleased with the little hotel.  Great location directly across from Hard Rock, rooms were nice, staff was fantastic.  Pool was nice.  My only complaint is they didn't have a pack n play.  Granted they are not really a kid hotel.  We had a baby with us So we went and bought a pack n play for the night.  Really liked that they welcomed our dog.  Food and waitstaff was great.
5	The customer service is great.My friend I and booked this place last minute.  We ended up getting a good deal and we got a free bottle of champagne w/ it.  When we arrived, we had heard the place was sold out.  Luckiy for us we got a room.  To top it off, we ended up getting upgraded to a suite.  The suite was beautiful!  Girls will love it!  They allow pets at this location too.  Everything in the room was pretty much pink.  It came with a fridge, music player, flat screen tv, couches, and a huge bathroom.Outside, there are trees with hammocks attached to them, which is a good place for couples to hang out.The cons about this place is that the lighting is pretty dim.  So girls who get ready in the room, good luck fixing up your face!  This place also only has room service til a certain time.  My friend and I got back late from our nightly outing and couldn't order anything.  Lastly, it took forever for the valet guy to fetch a cab.  I think it was because he was the only guy, at the time, working.
1	It's taken me months to cool down enough to write this review. I know what you're thinking when you look at this place. "Ohhhh it looks so swanky, and it's reasonable, and so close to the strip"... don't do it my friend.I was charged an extra night's stay, the manager, Allen, refused to help me upon my checkout, and told me to take it up with my bank. The room is like a 5 year old Ikea floor model. It was once swanky and trendy, and now the cheap wood finish is peeling, scuff marks and wear cover every surface etc. The hotel grounds are like an old apartment or condo complex, the walls are paper thin. So thin our neighbors normal conversations could be heard word for word and when things got rowdy later that night, we did not sleep. Lots of shady people hang out around the property, not sure why, it could just be that part of town. The management and staff are rude, and incompetent, who charges someone for an extra night that the aren't planning on staying and even when I showed them my booking reservation confirmation, refused to give me my refund? Fail. Stay away from this place, the nightmare isn't worth what little money you save.
1	Don't even bother making a reservation. Booked a room there 4 months in advance and got there to find out that they over booked their hotel and had no more rooms available. Ruined my entire twenty first birthday. The manager there was super unprofessional and made up a bull crap excuse why they didn't have rooms available as well as the boy at the front desk. The manager tried to say he'd pay for us to stay in a hotel 20 minutes away at some random hotel he didn't even know where it was located or what it looked like, then after talking about it he said he wouldn't pay at all and just bs'd his way to try and "make me happy". I will never go back to this place again and remain to talk trash on this poorly run "boutique" motel. Make sure you have a back up plan hotel just incase they do this to you too.
2	The room is decent and it's nice that they accept dogs.  Before you go, I would recommend to check if there would be any events scheduled at night.  When we stayed, we were not notified that there would be a very loud party scheduled late at night.  Our room was right by the pool, and at 1am, we were told that it would stop in 20 minutes, then at 1:30am, we were told it would be over at 2am.  It didn't work out for us since we had to wake up very early the next day.  Stay here if you are to party.
1	My husband and i came here as a staycation and alone time away from our small kiddos. When we checked in, customer service was ordinary and pleasant. We went up to the room and noticed the bathroom door wouldn't shut, the jacuzzi tub had dead bugs in it and it just felt cheap. W didn't really mind because it was a gift from a family member to have an overnight date and it made us laugh. Plus, it wasn't that big of a deal. We cleaned out the tub and used the room for the night. The following morning, we called down to check out and the front desk confirmed. It was around 8 because my husband had a class that morning and I needed to get back to nurse our newborn. A few days later, we noticed an additional charge to our card we had used to check in. It wasn't a small amount, so I called to inquire about it. The service at this point turned straight downhill. They told me I got charged for the second night because we never called to check out and our bags were still left in the room. It turned into a two week ordeal trying to get them to work with us. Nobody would return our phone calls. I called everyday and no one seemed to care or think it was a concern. I had to reach out to the bank to start a reversal charge. Finally, when I told them I wanted to see the video of us entering and exiting the times and dates, they started to cooperate. They had the nerve to ask me if my husband went back with the key and used the room. SO SICKENING! I'm ashamed this happened in the city we call home. They never apologized or called once they realized I was being 100% truthful. They just simply reversed the charges. It would have given me some hope and trust in them if they would have simply said sorry. Please take your money elsewhere. Waste of money!
5	This hotel is all we needed. My boyfriend and I stayed here for a weekend when we had tickets to events at the Hard Rock Hotel across the street. Super convenient and decently priced. No, this is not the hottest and newest pool party or lounge. It's a good hotel with a funk retro pimp vibe. The attendants are not going to kiss your feet and beg to carry your bag. It's a do it yourself hotel with the basics. The room was nice with a new bathroom. You could tell some things were a little past due in the place but the AC worked and the bed was so comfy. If you're looking for a spot a bit off strip, without jersey styled bros fist pumping... this could very well be just the place for you ;)Check out the indoor KISS miniature golf next door. Super fun. Capriotti's sandwich place near by is good, order ahead tho. Paradise Cantina is good for a Margarita. Tell Cassidy, the pretty server, "Hi" for me. Also, CVS is nearby the hotel, too! Super convenient.
4	I stayed here for one night a few weeks ago. The hotel is definitely geared towards adults, with its topless (optional) pool area and free adult channel, so I'm not sure I'd bring children here.The rooms are nice, modern and stylish. Everything was very clean and fully functional. The bed was very comfortable, and the rainshower was a nice touch. The safe was even large enough to hold a 15" MacBook Pro Retina, which is a huge plus.I definitely enjoyed my stay, but I'm not sure I'd return unless the price were right. I say this because it's located off the strip, albeit not too far, so (for the right price) it's worth it if you don't mind walking or taking a cab.
3	a very cool idea, but not executed as well as it could be. i love "boutique" hotels, "retro" hotels, the whole "let's redo a hotel to be fabulous." i see lots of potential for rumor. the atmosphere in the lobby and pool area are great! very chic. the rooms are a little lackluster though. the lighting is horrible! if you don't have your curtains open you have virtually no light. and there's no filter curtain, so if you open yours, everyone can see in your room. the rooms are clean, but need some touch up paint. the bathroom had no hooks to hang anything and i saw no rumor bath products. the elevated tub was a nice idea, but the paint is chipping inside of it and it didn't make me want to jump in.  had no cups or pen and paper by the phone!upgraded to a bigger suite for our last night and it was nicer than the pervious room we were in. no clock though and the ipod docking station is built into the clock. nice front desk staff. valet parking (complementary) on weekends and i didn't want to leave my keys. found a back driveway and i just parked behind the building. all in all we had a nice stay. may try staying here again, but i miss my kitchenette that the palms place offers.
4	I've stayed here a few times, despite being a local. Most recently I stayed here for 6 days, my stay was nice and quiet. Service was great and I was able to rent a small fridge for water and the like. I was impressed at the availability of convenience items available at the desk including Advil an such. Overall I was pleased with my stay and will stay again.
5	My wife and I absolutely loved this place.  Its cute, classy, and modern.  Its about a mile and half off the strip and 5 miles from the airport.  We flew here so we had to take a cab everywhere but we accounted for that when we were saving up for our trip.  Planet Hollywood is the closest strip hotel so we would take a taxi there in the mornings and when we were ready to come back we'd walk to Planet Hollywood and take the taxi back.  Including tip we were spending about $25 a day on a taxi.The rooms are decent sized.  We got a cheaper room and it had a king bed, 32-inch wall-mounted flat screen, couch, coffee table, giant bathtub in the room, and the bathroom had a rain shower.We went during a lonelier time for the hotel so we had the pool all to ourselves and were able to hangout in the cabanas.Housekeeping never bothered us and if you leave stuff out they don't touch it whatsoever (of course try not to leave stuff out).The staff is super friendly and everyone greets you as you're walking through the hotel.We had breakfast at their restaurant and it was pretty good.  Typical Vegas prices but I always got the same things...2 eggs, 2 pieces of bacon, potatoes, and 2 pieces of toast for $9 which I think is pretty cheap.  I can't vouch for lunch or dinner because the restaurant closes early-ish.  If we got hungry later on at night there is a liquor store and subway right on the corner (2 minute walk) and a CVS, mexican food place/bar, 24hr sandwich place, and pizza place on the opposite corner (5 minute walk including waiting for traffic lights).Lastly, they are dog friendly so if you for some reason can't leave your dog behind you should probably check this place out.  We don't have a dog to bring but we saw a few other people with theirs.All in all we had a great time and I can't wait to come back here.P.S. it's cheaper to book through the hotel website
3	Ever watch those "Flip my house" shows? That's basically what happened here. Rumor looks like it was once a run down crappy motel that was flipped into a trendy hotel. The decor is very pretty and modern, but there are still remnants of the old crappy motel lingering. This is a huge party hotel for locals. We got a cabana by the pool and it was kind of boring. Nothing special. It's an ok hotel if you need a place to stay last minute, but definitely not on my top 10 list.
5	I absolutely love this hotel and everything about it. Stayed here for a weekend and Ive decided to make a list of everything I loved*Check in was a breeze, took about 5 minutes and was no long line at all*The front desk area/bar is designed super modern and there is a nice seating area*The employees were all very nice*When we walked by the pool, although it does look like a converted apartment community, it is super cute*The pool area is nice and large and I didn't see anyone topless although I hear that was an option*The room we got was very nice and it wasn't spick and span but it was clean*Our room color was a cute dark blue and it just accented everything*There was a hot tub in our room*The shower was very modern and chic*They also give out champagne to rooms on arrival, its cheap champagne but it helps start the night*We got the chocolate covered strawberries as well and they were divine*Apparently this is the super gay friendly boutique hotel but during our visit we didn't see much gays, other than us, maybe next time!-The only two small complaints or tips are the air is set so low that its cold when you enter your room (but its fixable)-Yes, the bathroom sink is shaped like a bowl so try not to turn the water on to full blast or you will get wet :) I did this but it didn't bother me too muchTell me what you think about it :)
1	Okay so this place has pretty cool decor. The walk in rain style shower is pretty nice BUT the walls to this establishment ( the rooms) are paper thin! I know its Vegas and all but if you aren't going to be belligerently drunk like everyone else I do not suggest staying here. I mean I felt like our neighbors were right in the room with us :/ not cool(They didn't shut up until after 3:30 am) and we had to get up early the next day...the lobby is really small and so is the bar/ restaurant area. I did like the walkway to the room and again the decor is amazing but this "boutique" used to be an old apartment complex  that just got some paint thrown on top and some black and white panels and hammocks.The front desk attendee was rude, not friendly and never smiled. That alone made me not want to stay there, but we did. The in room tub is pretty neat. This is definitely a party hotel for those who do not want to get any sleep! If those are not your intentions then I'd suggest some place else to stay.
5	Yappy Happy Hour is the 3rd Thursday of every month.  It cost s 10 bucks to get in but you get a ticket for a free beer or house wine.  The money goes to support the animal foundation and you can bring your dog to come and hang out for happy hour!  Supper fun!
3	I should have know from the get-go I wasn't going to be a fan of the rumor. Rumor has it, the service sucks! I'll go easy on them because I'm pretty this was the first day on the job for the girl who had checked me in. To start off let me inform you that self-parking is limited to maybe 15 spaces (guestimate). They offer free valet which is nice but ultimately it could be a hassle when the poor guy has more than one car coming at a time. I got around the system by just telling them I was going to park in the back and luckily they would just wave me through. The valet guys do come in handy though when you need a cab. They will flag one down for you. Believe me, you'll need a cab. Driving in Vegas is a pain and unfortunately the Rumor is about a mile off the strip, in the heat that's WAY too far to walk. Including tip each trip to the strip will cost you about 10$. Not too bad.Booked through hotels.com and have never had a problem with fees or taxes before because it's always been right there in black and white. No surprises. Here I go arriving at the Rumor after a 4 hour drive and as a welcome gift they inform me there's a hold of $75 per night for incidentals and what not. I was not happy about that at all but what are you going to do? I wouldn't be able to check in unless I paid the fee. We got that out of the way and get the keys to our room. You walk through an open courtyard where the pool, cabanas, hammocks, and plenty of tables and seating is available to you. It was HOT like Vegas is so the fact that you have to go outside to get to your room was not something I looked forward to. I get to our room and, nope it's not our room at all. I booked a deluxe 2 queen and they sent me to a room with a single bed. It was a beautiful room but not what I paid for. I walk back through the stinky hallway, down the open air staircase and through the courtyard to inform them of their mistake. It was an easy fix and fortunately the correct room was on the same floor and building so I didn't have to haul my luggage up another set of stairs. I get our room, the right one and guess what? The keys don't work. Get a sneaky suspension that they didn't trade them out when I handed them the keys to the wrong room. I go to the room with the king bed and the keys open it up. By this point I was sweaty, tired, grumpy, and irritated. I go alllllll the way back to the lobby once again and the girls who had helped me the first 2 times were busy on the phone so I nice man helped me out. He programmed my keys with the right code and that was the end of it. They did send some champagne to our room to apologize and made a courtesy call which I appreciate. I would have rather them remove the 11.99 a night "resort" fee than a free cheap bottle of champagne. I don't even drink champagne. Whatever I guess it's the thought that counts. I understand that mistakes happen but after reading other reviews it seems as though they happen A LOT at the Rumor. Higher rating simply because the room IS beautiful. There's a seperate living room area with its own tv and the bathroom is perfect! There's a rain style shower head that I LOVED! The sink was a little strange and definitely not made with short people in mind. The room was spacious and super clean. I would stay again just because the room is perfect and there's no way you'd get a room like that on the strip for the price I paid. Check out was easy enough, there's was a pretty big line and the man in the front didn't ask me how my stay was. I don't know why that bothered me, I must just be picky. BTW it's been a couple days since I checked out and their still holding on to my $150 incidentals charge. Maybe that's just my bank processing the whole thing, I really hope so at least .
1	I thought I would bring my wife here for her birthday weekend. I would rather of had red ants crawl up my back side or get kicked in the groin. First, there is no handicap accessible areas for anyone with disabilities. Cars are parked in the handicap stalls. The parking monkey /valet said "we took the signs down to accommodate other guests". Huh?? We had to move twice due to, no hot water. But, the positive if you are into it. Porn channel is (69). Cold water vs. Porn? Tough decision. We moved for hot water. The room was located next to the kitchen. Sounded like monkeys were wrestling next door. They also had a function that had strobe lights that could've guided the airlines into our room. It was so bad that I couldn't have relations with my wife. I would rather have spent the weekend on "Death Row" than here.
3	We did not stay here in the hotel, just visited the location to check it out and to have some lunch.  It's a very unique place.  They took an old hotel and completely remodeled and refurbished to make it funky and hip.  The lobby is fun, all black and white and chrome and they have a pool in the courtyard where they have parties and you can sun yourself during the day.  They have cabanas and funky chairs and furniture to keep the vibe from inside continuing outside.Inside the lobby is a bar and then also a restaurant.  The hours are a little sketchy for the restaurant, so be sure you call before showing up if you aren't staying there.The staff I dealt with were mostly friendly, but no one felt particularly knowledgeable or skilled at their jobsThe hotel is about a mile off the strip, so its quite a walk if you want to hit the strip, but you are located directly across the street from the Hard Rock, so lots to do over there.
4	Read all of the yelp reviews after I had already booked a suite here, so was a little concerned. However, as it turned out.....I was very pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, quiet, spacious. Staff were friendly and polite despite the fact that the hotel was completely full and they were very busy. Valet was slow to bring vehicle around, but they were also very pleasant. Food was good. I would most certainly consider staying there again.
1	I'm a local here in Las Vegas and on occasion my wife and I like to leave the house and have a fun night out where we can have some fun and not worry about driving home after a few drinks. Rumor is not new to me, having been in their suites a few times when friends were in town that stayed there and a year ago my wife and I stayed in their Oasis suite and thought it was really cool and hip. Our most recent stay however, the experience was not so great when we got the same suite again...the two bedroom Oasis suite as it was offered at a really low rate for a weekday, off season. We arrived on a Thursday at 4PM, check-in time. Everything was self-park, which was fine. We walked in and the front-desk woman was very short with us and not particularly friendly. We were both thirsty so I asked where the vending machines were. "Sorry, there aren't any on property. If you want a drink you can order something at the bar" said the front desk girl. OK, so we walked 10 feet over to their bar and waited a few minutes until a "bartender" arrived. We asked for two diet cokes and they were priced to an equivalent of a nightclub price. Stupid. We also asked about food and the kitchen was closed. While walking to our room we noticed on one of the doors leading to the outside that said that no outside food or drink is permitted anywhere on the property. Obviously these guys think of this place as some sort of prison. We went to our room and notice immediately it had a horrible musky smell inside. We had to open the windows just to air the room out. We wanted to adjust the air conditioning when we came in and noticed that there were two units but only one remote, which was really odd. In a similar fashion, there were two TVs in the suite, one in each room. The remote for the TV in the bedroom was there but the one in the living room was missing so the TV in there didn't work. A few things we noticed about the suite right away was that it was so damn dark inside. I never remember it being that way and I know they want to create a mood but you almost are tripping over the furniture even with all the lights on. While hanging out in the room for a few minutes while my wife freshened up someone from Housekeeping barged in. "Oh, I'm so sorry...I was told to show the suite and they said that nobody was occupied in this one! I'm sorry! I'm Sorry!!!" That sure was odd.We left and came back to the room later that night and thought it would be fun to hop in the tub. When we turned the water on we noticed that the paint/enamel on the bottom of the tub had huge chips missing. It looked terrible and my wife decided that the condition gave her some concerns so we didn't use it. We crashed and woke up the next morning. We opened the drapes to the windows and now that we had some daylight coming into the room we could see just how filthy it was. The carpet looked like it hadn't been vacuumed in a while. The round table by the entrance door looked terrible. Underneath the glass on top the table looked disgusting. Our favorite laugh came when we looked at the white sofa that had a huge burn from an iron on one of the cushions. You'd think they'd flip that cushion over to hide that but no. There just is no attention to any detail in this place. It seems as though it's run by a bunch of amateurs and now that their flash-in-the-pan fame of being a unique and original boutique hotel has come and gone, they just don't care about maintaining the place and any supervision of the hotel staff is completely absent. A once cool place has now dropped in quality to the equivalent of a Budget Suites or Motel 6. I used to recommend this hotel to everyone coming to Vegas but now it's an embarrassment.
3	This is a good value hotel.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to comfort and cleanliness and had no problems.  Parking lit was pretty full on a Thursday, but no problems.  Friendly staff.  Lacking in room coffee.  No gym but $7 next door at planet Hollywood.  Nice job with remodel of old hotel.  I was worried as I saw yelp reviews after booking, but I'd stay again.  I didn't use glasses provided in room as they were not real clean.
2	I had my heart set on this hotel since I had seen it but upon arrival the front desk girl decided to argue with me about our room reservation and then told me there were 100 other rooms that needed to be attened to before a new room was available for us. After hearing the girl getting upset a wonderful manager came out to make things finally right. My room would have been great if my closet doors didn't fall off and the ironing board didn't look as if it had major nasty abuse. The hot tub was no where near hot and then of all things we had resort fee after fee after fee for this experience.  Bartenders were great and hotel manager Dillon was the only thing this hotel can brag about. Rooms need attention and hotel staff needs a lesson in customer support and a reminder on why they have their job. Not happy $500 later. I won't be back.
1	I came the week before Thanksgiving, which generally feels like a off-season time, so many things were much quieter and less crowded overall in Vegas.Pros:My room was dead quiet. I never heard a peep from any other people my entire stay, let alone really saw any other people.The location was perfect - I prefer off the strip.Great decor. I picked this hotel for that reason - something different. Cozy, no gambling, or shows, or late night bars, just quiet. Ahhh... :)Free parking, free wifi....I think (noticed a funny charge for $100 this morning...)Cons:The CHILDREN in charge of checking people in need a lesson in manners and customer service. Extremely unhelpful.  I booked through Priceline and paid the room in full MONTHS ahead. Even called days before to confirm my reservation.  I get there after a 5hr drive and they say I need to pay $75/per night for "incidentals".  I've NEVER been charged a fee that huge at a hotel. I didn't have an extra $150 as my paycheck didn't go through until midnight. They said they couldn't help me. I was able to convince them to charge me just $75 for the first night and that I would settle the second $75 in the morning - no f&*ing way was I going to sleep in my car till midnight when I had already paid for my room.  That's just BAD BUSINESS.Stay somewhere else. The business ethics of this place are shady and the staff are bored apathetic teens.
5	My wife and I like to stay at different hotels to enjoy our evening.As soon as we walked in we Loved the decor! We where greeted by since hostess who checked us in quickly. We loved the layout of the hotel and we thought that every hotel should look this nice!We usually like to check out different hotels but the only one we've really wanted to stay at again was Rumor!
4	This little hotel/resort is in a pretty good location off the strip. Close to the airport, various strip malls (CVS is within walking distance) and Hard Rock Hotel is across the street. So if you are looking to go to some Hard Rock events without staying there, this is a good place to stay at.Rumor is an "adult" hotel. I mean it used to be Las Vegas was just naughty naughty, but now Las Vegas is really PG-13. Anyway, this hotel isn't where you want your prepubescent kids to stay. And unless you are really open minded with your teenagers, I wouldn't bring them here either. But don't let my opinion stop you from bringing your kids here, just warning you that it is adult. The pool is "topless", but most ladies are wearing pasties. So not completely topless. But I could be mistaken.The rooms are decorated in a dark theme. Very sensual. I like to think that the whole hotel is sensual and seductive. I honestly did not stay in the rooms, but I've visited enough rooms to get the whole feel. The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are quite nice. Some suites are really awesome with the couple showers. I'm not sure if I could actually sleep in the rooms because I would want to play with everything! Fun fun!What is a real plus about this place is the food. Normally with these smaller hotels, the food tends to be mediocre. Not here. Room service, pool service, bar service, the food is yummy. That's a good thing, because I like hotels with good food. I guess after being adult, you need to feed your body, and good food makes it all the better.Just a little disclaimer, from what I understand, this is a great place to meet people in alternate lifestyles. I'm not saying that everyone here is in a lifestyle, but some are. I'm sure there must be a way to visually tell, but I think the best policy is to be honest and ask. If they are, they usually answer honestly, but if they don't answer directly, move on.
3	We stayed at this hotel Thanksgiving weekend, I found it at a great price and was excited that it wasn't far from the strip. Pros: The customer service from the front desk was great. The girls were super friendly and answered any questions we had. The hotel was only a mile from the Strip, and you could get to all the main hotels through the back entrances. It's also a smaller hotel that only had two floors, so getting around wasn't difficult unlike stating somewhere like MGM.Cons: The sheets had holes in them, no comforter or blanket either. Just 3 sheets to keep you warm in. The maintenance team definitely needs to do a better job of spot checking the paint and scuff marks, there were lots a items that needed touching up. It also didn't look like they really took the time to clean the rooms properly. Like dusting the entire tv screen. My fingertips were grey after brushing over the buttons on the side. *****The biggest issue we had; the fact that NONE of their gates that you go through to get to the parking lot automatically closed after you went through them. Most of the doors were left open because people didn't realize they didn't automatically shut like most gates. So any one could walk in without a problem.
3	I stayed here on a Sunday night. The room was ok, but looked way nicer in the pictures. The walls were a little dirty and the heater was really loud. I might come back if I got a nicer room. I can't really complain for the price we paid using the Hotel Tonight app.
1	I would like to start with...go to another hotel. Cheap rooms with pretty decor. Sink and shower faucets literally loose as a goose. Sunk in tub for a homeless person, or maybe, yeah maybe a homeless person had just taken a soak in it. Yep, that's it. It was gross. Towel holders on the wall fell to the ground when I hung my towel. Not very effective. Had to call security(manager that took 30 min to get there. Had to make a 2nd call to front desk and threaten that we would check out) on several 17 year old high school punks drinking and talking outside our door, oh and also mocking and threatening us. We are grown ass adults and don't have to put up with their crap. The chaperones should be shot since they were out there too. The one star is for the bartender we had with our supper at the crappy Addiction restaurant. He is very nice and accommodating. He even remembered us the next day and said hi. He is alright in my book.
5	My wife and I have stayed at Rumor 4 times in the last couple months and it's safe to say that it's our favorite hotel in Vegas. The mod styling is right up our alley and the place is always quiet, even on a Saturday night. We especially like the hammocks, no one is ever on them, except for us, so it seems.As for the rooms, sure, they are not the best quality and there's usually at least one thing missing in them (mirror, alarm clock, etc) every time we stay in one, but it's enough to satiate our needs. I really wish they would renovate all the soaking tubs though. I like that we can park right near our room every time and the hotel is easy to navigate. Also, the staff is extremely nice and helpful. Rumor is definitely our home away from home and I'm excited for the next time we can stay there.
3	Rumor Boutique hotel is truly a great remodel of an old roach motel. Whoever designed the place made some great decisions, albeit you can tell it was done on the cheap side. I enjoyed our stay here especially for these reasons:-the shower was fantastic, good water pressure and overhead "rain" style-pet friendly-bar on the premises.Having that said, the bar was kind of lame. Mark the bartender was stellar, but his shift was over and another one came in and he was not my favorite. He cut up fake lines of coke on a mirror which really was just some powdered sugar and had this out at the bar. WTF? I get that the bar is called "Addiction" but that is just stupid and confusing to people coming in. I also did not prefer the layout and no elevators so bringing your bags in is a little on the awkward side.All in all, I'd stay again because it's so cheap and pet friendly...but only in transit. If I'm coming to Vegas to pamper myself I will plop elsewhere.
5	Super cute. This is a great place once you've been to vegas enough times to know that paying over $200 a night just to be in a huge casino and not find your room when you're drunk. This place is barely off the strip, and directly across from Hard Rock . I walked over to HRH to catch a cab for $10 over to Wynn for a club. My room was huge and we got a free upgrade (thanks Sabina!!) we also had a balcony which was an unexpected surprise. I've stayed at a lot of hotels like Palazzo, Caesars, LVH, Strat, Circus, all the well known ones.  but I got the best value from Rumor. Only downside - no fridge. It's an extra $10 per day. overall I spent under $100 for 2 nights in a one bedroom suite with a large soaking tum, rain showers, and very comfy bed. loved the decor too. I would stay there again.
5	For the price this place is 5 stars for sure. Excellent treatment from the staff, I got upgraded to an excellent suite without even asking and the young lady at the front had a good sense of humor. The part about dogs being welcome too is an added bonus that was huge for us. For sure coming back.
4	For the price you honestly cannot beat this place. I went with four other girls- we felt safe, as safe as you could feel in Vegas that is haha. Right across from hard rock, CVS on the corner, and a $8 can ride to the airport and strip. For $60 honestly it's a great deal. Totally enough space for five girls in their mid- twenties to get ready for the Britney Piece of Me concert. Obviously, there's no party poppin here, but they do make an effort to make it feel like it haha. Honestly Rumor- keep doin what your doin!! I will be back so long as I'm a broke college student
4	We stayed at Rumors last night and I was pleasantly surprised. The room was big and beautiful. The room had a big living room and couch, the bathroom was a good size and the beds were comfortable. The resort itself was nice, they have a small lobby, a beautiful pool area with cabanas, hammocks and sand. It is extremely reasonably priced (probably because its off the strip.) it's directly across the street from Hard Rock so if you want a restaurant or larger casino, you can access all of that across the road. If you are looking for a hotel off the strip, this is a great option!
5	This hotel is the cutest place to stay off the strip! The suites are themed with vibrant colors and modern accessories which liven up any vacation, or stay-cation.  I have personally stayed in the rooms multiple times and have been upgraded by the kindness of the staff to beautiful deluxe suits. It's modern and fun, and affordable if i might say so!
4	Wife and I loved t!! We stayed here 2 weeks ago for our 18th honeymoon ;) The guy at the desk and the bar were very welcoming. The decor is very nice and our room (free upgrade) was excellent. They even threw in a bottle of champagne. We'll be back!
1	My daughter's cheer team stayed here for one night because that was about all we could take. Our girls are 6, 7 and 8 years old. There were all kinds of creepy people hanging out around the hotel along with a package of sex toys that one of our coaches happen to get a photo of.  One of our dad's was approached by one of the bartenders letting him know if he needed sexual services that he would be sure to get it there at Rumor. My cheer team was promised we could practice in the courtyard, but there was dog poop all over the place so that wasn't possible. Our cheer practice ended up being moved to an inside room, but the ceilings were short so we were unable to do our stunts. One of our moms had absolutely no hot water in her room to take a shower. the room I had was very dusty, missing a living room lamp, the sofa had black stains on it and had no throw pillows on the beds. The room literally had to be cleaned while we were in it. Overall it was HOTEL HELL. Nice try, but I can never do it again.
5	Tasteful, well-priced and not cheesy! Before booking my room at the Rumor boutique hotel I honestly had never heard of it. I mean who goes to Vegas to stay off the strip right? Well I do! I've been to Vegas so many times and dealt with the strip congestion enough to know I want to avoid it if possible yet I still want the glitz and luxury of Vegas hotels. The Rumor is exactly that! I arrived not knowing what to expect and was pleasantly surprised to find a smaller bungalo style hotel all white with purple uplights. I entered the lobby and I have to say pictures don't do the hotel justice. The decor is contemporary and sleek. I also liked that the bar and restaurant, although small, were easily located. Check in was quick and efficient, staff was friendly and knowledgeable (a huge change from the usual amusement park ride type lines encountered at big strip hotels).I had a bit of trouble getting my reservation booked online so I had emailed a question. I got a quick response from the manager Dillon Sweeney. Offering to not only reserve my room but discount it, with a free upgrade and bottle of champagne! Awesome! I was coming for a wedding that started at 3pm so he also have me early check in so that I had time to get ready prior to the wedding. Just excellent customer service all around.The room decor blended seamlessly with the rest of the hotel. I loved the pin striped carpet, modern bathroom fixtures, large tub and surprisingly comfy bed and pillows (I'm picky about hotel pillows and usually bring my own but these were dreamy). My room opened to the courtyard and I loved the purple hammocks hanging from the palm trees and the pool looked inviting as well. All and all I had zero complaints. I only wish I had spent more time in this tiny gem of a hotel.Added bonus being that the hotel is off the strip I saved a ton of money getting around by cab by not getting charged while sitting in strip traffic and the endlessly long lights. And I didn't have to park my car a mile away from my room.
2	I have stayed at this hotel multiple times and enjoyed it before but this time around I was very disappointed. We got there the room was clean but it didn't  have a blanket on the bed I called a total of 3 times to get one and finally I received one the next day in the afternoon.  There was a cup on the patio with cigarette butts and liquid in it they didn't pick up until next day.  The air conditioning unit worked half of the time.  There wAsn't any conditioner in the room and we called room service and Addiction was closed for the day because of a special event which I was bummed about because their food is good. So overall experience wasn't good this time around but in the past I was very happy there.
1	Sadly, I'm compelled to update my previous review and in not such a great manner, might I add? I'll begin by stating, ANY and EVERYTHING GOES AT THIS HOTEL. They don't mind SHITTT!!!Booked reservations for Valentine's Day online by way of Booking.com and arrived 1/2 an hour early in full realization that check in was at 4pm. We'd honestly just planned on grabbing drinks from Addiction while we waited. Went on to notice that valet has since been discontinued.#BUMMER!!!Went to check in and despite my/our reservation being somewhat easily located, the staff seemed to have been "jet lagged" if not "hung over". A line of 5-6 potential guest(s) accrued behind us and the front desk staff seemed completely oblivious to it all as they continued to take their sweet azz time never so much as even acknowledging anyone waiting behind us; one gal' even had to calculate the change back multiple times when given a penny extra per our furnishing $200.01 for a bill equating $160.01. (....sighs)....Are you really so damn remedial that you're unable to configure $40 to be adequate change??? Did the penny throw you off? No.... Really???All in all, they all needed to GET THEIR PHUKKIN' LIVES. This was absolutely abysmal. Whereas this used to be the ONLY place that I'd stay, I've since amended my thoughts. Wana' know why? Keep on reading......it gets far worse!My partner had a business Visa card complete w/ the logo at the bottom of it only for us to be informed by staff that Rumor could NOT honor this card and that we were in need of a bank card of some sort. We're from California and this is clearly some Nevada b/s. SMFH. Having nothing but cash on us (it's Vega$ after all) and not knowing the location of banks, etc., we opted to load a prepaid card from CVS not too far away and were told that the hotel didn't take this method of payment as well. Uhm....okay? Really?! Last time I checked it was '2014, is Nevada void of technology?We were then informed by the manager (or so she professed herself to be) upon her gracing our presence, that to leave a cash deposit we would be required to drop off $300 cash as opposed to $50 using a card that qualified.Uhm... WTF??? Are we staying overnight or moving the phuk' in??? This compelled us to contact my sister to partition her services - - - THANKFULLY SHE'S A LOCAL.She consented to having her bank card charged the required $50 and we were thereon compelled to forage through The Strip traffic at rush hour on Valentine's Day - Friday......across town...... to pick her up only to turn around and take the same trip back just to prevent our room reservations from being cancelled at 6pm.We get back to find that there was NOOO availability (apparently our room was given away) only to request to speak w/ this same less than helpful incompetent manager. Evidently this was a 2 person process as both "stoned" front desk employees left the front counter unattended to fetch this woman, .....in turn, compromising ALL OF THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THEIR GUEST(S) by leaving vital information exposed upon the counter w/o so much as batting an eye. This chick finally reappeared and points us in the direction of our room only to inform us both that apparently she neglected to leave adequate documentation to pinpoint that we'd be returning to claim our room. SMFH, still not an apology.Thereon we went to said suite only to walk in and realize that it was THE INCORRECT ROOM!!! We'd paid for a suite... Upon exiting, my sister decided to check out the decor' in the bathroom whereas she and my partner walked in (and I couldn't make this up if I tried) only to find SHIT (yes feces) on the floor and door!!#GUH'ROSSSS!!!Now I do realize this to be a pet friendly location but this was absolutely disgusting and compels you to question what's lurking behind your sheets prior to resting your head for a good night's sleep. We couldn't even make out if it was Fido's turd-ling or an actual human being's!It should go w/o stating that we were led to abort and request a NEW ROOM. After being given a new key card we all left for dinner.Returned 2 hours later w/ much accrued reluctancy....to a nicer room yet we were never apologized to for any of the above. We were, however, lied to and informed that the fecal matter on the floor was make-up of some sort? Question: Who in the hell applies make-up while laying down on bathroom tile??? I'm just saying.... My hypothesis is that this type of HazMat (Hazardous Material) fiasco transpires on a routine basis yet MOST people neglect to so much as acknowledge it further allowing the hotel to continue skimping by on a wing and a prayer. They agreed to comp' a room within the future and we both refused emphatically. I "used to be" a regular here staying at least once every few months, however I can't see myself returning. Why you ask?... because I CALL BULLSHIT!!!*P.S. The jets within the hot tub don't work any longer either! Grrr
3	I've stayed at the hotel about 4 time before but this time it wasn't up to par.First the positives.Very unique decor.  I love the colors and ample space in the room.  Great location (I love to stay off the strip)Bartenders and servers were all very pleasant and helpful. Although service was slow for breakfast on Sunday but that was due to a lack of staffing (someone didn't show up for work).The price for my suite was about $225 Saturday night and only $90 a night Sunday-Wednesday, very reasonable.Now the negatives:The hot tub and phone didn't work.  I told front desk, twice, but no one ever came to do anything about it. Remote for TV's was missing but housekeeping replaced very quickly.The rooms are decorated nicely, but quality is lacking (paint and fixtures in bathroom is shoddy).  The pictures of the rooms on the website must be photoshopped or something.  The lighting and vivid colors aren't close to what the pics show but for the money paid for the room, it isn't a bad room.The room smells like chemicals from trying to get cigarette smoke out.  It didn't smell like cigarettes just the cleaning product.I've stayed here a few times before so I know the place.  Overall, I like it (for the price) but compared to Hard Rock across the street, it is dirty.
5	Classy! Very comfortable beds!Rain shower! Loveeeeed it!Fancy decor that screams chic. Great pricing for such a classy hotel. You could never imagine what they could do with a place! Staff were super friendly!
5	Fabulous!Beautiful!Classy!This place is a gem. The showers are huge and the water pressure is great. Beds are comfy. Outdoor patio with seating. I am very happy with the quality of this fabulous diamond in the rough.
3	Rumor reminds me of a Vegas version of the Ace Hotel in Palm Springs, but not quite up to the hospitality standards of their hip competition.   I stayed for just a night when I was in town for the Magic trade show.  I chose it because I knew I would be able to avoid walking through a smoky casino to get to my room and could get from my car to the room easily.  I brought my toddler along (daddy is out of town) and wanted it to be as simple as possible.  Here's what I like about it...- no casino - smoke free- pet friendly- awesome bath!  And the hot water was plentiful.- pool view/patio- great landscaping with succulents And the not-so-great- If it's a "boutique" hotel, I want to be treated like the front desk cares.  I chose it because it's a "boutique", but the front desk staff when I checked in just didn't seem to be able to think on their feet and replied back to me with auto responses.- I wasn't told by the manager when I made my reservation that there was a $50/room "incidental deposit" per room.  $100 later (for 2 rooms) and I don't know what the "incidentals" were for since there wasn't a mini bar in the room. Hopefully I will get the refund soon. - The hallway outside of my room smelled like weed.   - The outlet in the room didn't work.- The alarm clock wasn't set.  A simply touch, I know.- The ice machine was locked up.- The hold time when calling was up to 10 minutes.  This happened when I called to make the reservation, and also when I called to check out.  They seemed understaffed at the front desk.  The best part was in the morning, the luggage helper wasn't in yet.  The lovely front desk girl came around to my room and hand delivered the cart to me.  I pointed out the outlet, smoky hallway smell, and ice machine.  She seemed to genuinely care.  Give that girl a raise, train her to be a manager, and long live boutique hotels that make people want to come back.  I will stay here again, but hope that they can fine tune their operations so that it remains a viable option to the big hotels in Vegas.
3	This place looks like someone halfway remodeled an old apartment complex into a hotel, because that's what happened.Rumor puts the assy in classy. Kind of like me. At first I thought this place was ghetto, but I got used to it. Again, me and my girl were balling on a budget. She booked two nights really cheap. The lobby is pretty cute with some modern decor. The front desk girls were not very nice or pleasant... also they seemed... simple in the head. We booked a "poolside" room with a tub. Don't request a room with a tub. You will not want to use it. No way would I have touched my bare ass to that thing. The rooms were good sized, and did have a rainshower. Counter space was tiny. Bed was actually pretty comfortable. Channel 69 is the free porno channel. If you have "can't look away" syndrome like me, I would advise you skip over said channel. That was some dated, gnarly, bad bad bad (not in a good way) porno. The images of that budget looking hooker with the frosted lipstick and the man with the unkempt beard and their undefined bodies... violating each other... also violated my eyeballs and therefore my brain. The good thing about having a "poolside room" is that you can go out your sliding glass door and right to the pool. We brought our entire champagne bucket out to the hot tub, and drank our bub out of plastic cups, cuz we're fancy like that. Actually plastic cups is all Rumor had to give us, because, they are also fancy like that. There is sand all around the pool area, because, I don't know. There was a pretty massive amount of sand in the hot tub, not on purpose. My girl said she kinda liked it because "it reminded her of home, like the lake." Haha cute. You can also lay on the cabana beds for free. Frogs like to chill in the grassy area around this place. My intoxicated girlfriend caught one when we got back from the club one night. Our friend was like, put that down and go wash your hands! Haha good times.Rumor has a restaruant, but it was never open. They have a bar, but it provides no coffee. Walk your happy ass past the KISS mini golf place next door to Rumor and there you will find a Subway and a convienence store that will give you sustenance... really without those places we would have died. Rumor don't have no rules. You can do whatever. That's why I would stay here again. When me and my girl were watching Real Houswives with the door open hungover as hell one afternoon, it felt like we were in our own apartment.  I actually found the location off the strip more convienent than being on the actual strip, because you can kind of avoid the traffic.Don't valet park--you will realize this is pointless since the lot is small and you can self park right by your room. It's Vegas without the price and without feeling like you're in Vegas. If that's what you are looking for then you should try staying here.
1	All I have to say is I will never stay here again got in late cause of flight when we arrived tired & just wanted to check in & sleep nope did not happen they messed up on our rooms & had to change 2 times for rooms. Back to front desk crazy & they forgot our free champing bottle so ask for that 45 mins later got that. Horrible tv selection & the shower was dirty so they had to clean that. No plug outlets near bed wtf ?? Wifi had to reset every time I used the damn Internet .. Last thing that really bugged me on last night I asked to stay till 2 pm to sleep in and rest np on 40 bucks more for late check out... At 1030 am I hear a knocking they asked are you gonna check out wow !! They said we did not see that ect so now I was up got ready ect.. Got to check out desk 1215 noon told them they said sorry you still have to pay 40 bucks for late check out!! By 15 mins after 12 wow!!! So upset crazy crazy customer service Never again never been treated so bad from any hotel
5	Wonderful! I've stayed at the Rumor twice now and I loved it both times. The hammocks, the soaking tub in the room, the location (near cheap food, cvs, ad great bars) all were perfect. And on top of everything the price was right! The only thing I wasn't so excited about was the way that they charged my card. They took out an extra $50 a night as a deposit which wasn't explained to me at check in but I got it all back when I checked out. It was just a bit confusing. I'll definitely stay there again!
4	We reserved a deluxe suite a few days in advance of our stay, but when we checked in, they had given our room away. This seems to be normal in Vegas so we weren't surprised (and they were hosting a wedding reception). They did give us a standard room for a great price and also included a couple free drinks. Free booze wins us over every time!The hotel lobby itself was very clean and modern looking. Besides having to wait in line behind a woman complaining about the $50.00 hold on her credit card, check-in was quick and efficient. At least we had some entertainment and it didn't even cost us anything!Our room was on the second floor and we were surprised to find that it was a really nice room for under 100 bucks. We have paid $250.00 for comparable rooms in other hotels. The room was clean and smelled good. The air conditioner operated by remote and was very quiet. I wish the rooms would have had a small fridge to keep some cold water but the ice machine wasn't far. We had a view of the pool area and the ongoing wedding reception - people watching at it's finest! The only negative to the room was that the outside of the shower (and the showerhead) had quite a bit of calcium build up. The water in Vegas is pretty bad, so that in combination with the black tile, doesn't make for a good situation. We made it back to the hotel lobby at around 1 am and had a few drinks at the bar. We met some interesting people and from what we can remember, the bartender was friendly. I don't really remember what we drank but I know that it tasted awesome!I would definitely stay here again. In fact, I already booked our next trip!
2	I came here for the weekend with a big group for my wedding. I feel like it's not fair to only see the bad here, so I'll employ the use of the phrase, the Good, The Bad and the Ugly to concisely describe the experience for you.THE GOOD:-They let us check in two hours early-My tiny tiny infant fur child, Scamper, was allowed to stay with us for a nominal fee of $25 per day-The Hard Rock is right across the street-I think we paid about $100 per night (before pet & resort fees)-The place looks cool: I love the ultra modern decor, the art over the bed, the big silver pig... the common areas are actually fun to hang out in-Channel 69 is porn, all day, all night.THE BAD:-When I inquired about getting married at the Rumor, or possibly getting a group rate, every suggestion the event planner came back with had a curt tone to it. It may have just been me, but she wasn't helpful-When I asked about menu options for a reception, everything on their menu had either onions or pigs in it.. or both! No thanks!-The group rate was quoted at a price above what the average person would pay to stay here. No thanks!-It's far enough off strip that you need a cab to get there, but not far enough to certain spots, like Planet Hollywood- three different cabs refused to drive us! we ended up walking the mile there one night.-When checking in, one of my friends was told he'd have to pay the whole weekend up front. He was using a debt card, and splitting the room cost with other friends who'd yet to arrive, so he was forced to abandon his reservation, lose his deposit, and find somewhere else to stay.-The services here are minimal: the restaurant is only open on weekends, and even then not all day.-They're clearly disorganized at the front desk, and have no idea how to make people feel like they care about their jobsTHE UGLY:-When we checked in, and mentioned that we were getting married, they put us in a suite with a broken bath tub! the stopper mechanism was laying on the side of the tub in pieces.-The tub itself was peeling, and had red wax stains in it, as if someone had gotten crazy with some giant red votives at some point in the past-The water pressure was so nuts in my room that every time someone turned on the sink you'd hear them scream in the next room! - Rain shower? lame. I don't wash my hair every time I shower. That thing was a pain in the a$$, and way too small to have sex in-The phone in the room was inoperable, as were multiple outlets-They didn't put a blanket on our bed. It took me four tries and over two hours to get a f-ing blanket. -There were cigarette burns and chewing gum reside on the white leather couch in our suite-Because it's a cheap rental with a lot of space, a family of 782,757 people checked into the room immediately across the room from mine at 1 AM the night before I got married, waking me from my nervous sleep. (Imagine me growling at them through a cracked door "I'm getting married tomorrow! Can you go inside!?)-On the last day of our stay, we spend 2 hours trying to have breakfast with our family on the patio. The waitress was absolutely frazzled, and explained that she's the only person to take care of the entire dining room (which was full of my friends) and all the room service orders! Staffing your business like that on a Sunday shows a total lack of understanding of customer service. I bet they have really high turnover!-My meal was a Caesar salad drenched in ultra white, thick, salty dressing. It was completely disgusting. While this experience wasn't good, it wasn't as horrific as some of the things I've heard about other Vegas hotels. Honestly, after this visit, I hope to never go back to Vegas... if I did, I'd try to find another hotel which allows my Scamps to avoid staying here again!
3	Gave three stars for one reason and that is the fu;$; game the front desk tried to run. I booked the room threw hotel tonight prior to getting there. I knew I wouldn't check in to wed and took a lost of a night to check in at 12 when my flight from dc landed. Got there and receptionist said my room wasn't ready wtf. I then said I paid for last night today and tomarrow. And if I have to wait 6 hours refund me a day. I asked for the manager and I guess they figured they didn't have a leg to stand on and found a room lol. The room was cool but then came up with a 11.99 charge everyday for parking and guest fees that's undercover till check in.
3	At checkin. we purposely paid for a room prior to (a whole day) so that we wouldn't have to wait because we new that our flight was going to get In early. when we got there the receptionist wanted us to wait until 4pm to check in. we were like why? we paid for a prior night we shouldn't have to wait. we asked for management so now magically a room was ready for us.. overall I was satified with the room.. flaws and all. I was not satisfied with the simple fact that it took the ladies at the front desk 2 days to get me a remote for my tv. they did waive the resort fees for the inconvenience (for the days that we did not have a remote).  Overall the rooms were nice. customer service thoo. if you need something. you better stand guard until they give you what you need. overall comfortable stay. Ps. Our room faced the hard rock casino.. There are homeless people that stay in the ditch area to the left of the hotel!!! They were not a bother tho.
2	So I've stayed with this hotel a total of 3 times. I tried to like this hotel, I really did. At first glance this looks like a nice modern hotel. But after staying here the a few more times each experience just kept going down hill.The first time we stayed at The Rumor, it was great, it was only for 1 night and we got a good deal for it being Memorial Day 2012 weekend. We had no problems what so ever, the beds were comfortable and the room was clean.Moving on to the 2nd attempt, the week/weekend of Electric Daisy Carnival 2013. I say "attempt" because we booked the room in February of 2013 straight from the Rumors website, so that is MONTHS in advance. The main reason why we booked at the Rumor is because the Hard Rock is across the street and there is a shuttle stop for EDC at the Hard Rock.(Before I continue my story, if you don't know what EDC is, it is pretty much the busiest time for Vegas, 150K+ people come from all around the world to experience an amazing music festival. Hotels up their prices to ridiculously high prices and SELL OUT)A few weeks before we check in the Rumor sends me a confirmation email, great right?! So my group & I arrive to the hotel super excited to check in and get the week long party started. We go to check in and the girl is in the process of checking us in when all of a sudden she ups & leaves to go into the back room with no explanation and is back there for 10 minutes. When she finally comes back out she has this certificate for us for a complimentary 2 night stay that is good for the rest of the year. Now I bet you're wondering "why is she complaining if they gave her a free room?"That's because the free room came with a HUGE cost. She then proceeds to tell us that they overbooked the hotel and are moving us to a different hotel (that I've never even heard of) that happens to be a mile away.By then we are livid and try arguing with them, about how they could give our room away when we booked way back in February and it is now June. We go to this other hotel:1 - it looks like a jail2 - it only had a king size bed with barely any room to walk around the bedLuckily, we told the desk boy about our situation and he sympathized with us and helped us by telling the Rumor that they couldn't accommodate us and that they needed to take us back. We even had our friend's mom who is a travel agent call the Rumor and they were really rude to her.After 4 hours of being hotel-less and arguing with the Rumor, they finally moved us to Tuscany, which has about the same size rooms, BETTER service and CLEANER rooms.Now on to my most recent stay. (We only went back to use the free certificate) This past weekend for St. Patty's day weekend. We get there around Friday night and I notice that the beds don't have comforters on them. But they do have those thin sheets that no one ever uses. When we called them for comforters because i do remember them having comforters before, they said they'd bring some over, and what do they bring? The same thin sheets that were already on the bed. Needless to say that we were all freezing at night.With all the bad experiences stacking up, I don't think I will ever stay here ever again, I rather spend more money at a nicer hotel and get a better experience.
4	some people might view the fact that this hotel is not on the main part of the Strip, or that there isn't a huge amount of rooms, a casino or food court or buffet as a fault, but i view that as a plus.i was in Vegas for a quick weekend getaway and also had gotten tickets to the JT 20/20 Experience show at the MGM with a Ladyfriend, so i wanted to make sure that i played my cards right as far as choosing hotel accommodations: i didn't want to stay at a super expensive studio or suite on the Strip like at Cosmo because i wasn't going to be in the hotel much + it was just me (2 other friends actually ended up coming with me); but i also was not going to stay at a cheap Howard Johnson or Motel 6. i was very pleased with my decision to stay at the Rumor.I know there are other hotels that are trying to up their game by lowering prices or offering special amenities to attract more guests. since the Rumor is owned by the Hard Rock (which is right across the street), i knew to expect good things in the area of the decor and furniture: very Miami-esque. instead of being built like a major hotel, it was laid out more like an old Miami style resort community: a few pools with hammocks, daybeds, etc. laid out everywhere. the main lobby isn't huge nor does it have a mass of people herding through there at all hours, so it's nice that it's relatively calm aside from the lounge area and the full bar on the side.if you're making a quick trip to Vegas and don't plan to do any of the night clubs, the Rumor is a great value for the relatively cheap price. what it 'lacks' in the area of Strip location or "major hotel/casino features" it makes up in amenities and the "off-strip" location convenience - it's just a quick 5-10 minute drive to get back on the strip anyway. if you're feening the slots or tables, you can walk across the street to the Hard Rock!-civilities.
1	I usually try to give Vegas hotels several chances before writing a review. I rarely take photos for Yelp, but this was a must. I have only posted two photos on Yelp, ever! I'm actually creating a Trip Advisor account to review this hotel as well. However, this one did not make the cut! Even my extremely mellow husband, who does not like to complain, had it with this hotel! I would give them ZERO STARS. Good:The hotel is still close enough to the strip to take a cab or taxi to other hotels for clubs or gambling. The hotel lobby is nice, everything "looks" newly-renovated. I like the color scheme. The hotel itself, looked very clean. The couch, the soaking tub, rainfall shower, pleather couch, two TVs, are a plus. But they weren't the best amenities. Oh another plus is that they have gates that require a key to get in, but they leave the gates open during the day. What good does the key card reader do if it's open during the day? Because only burglar/predators come out a night? We received complimentary chocolate-covered strawberries, but the strawberries were not fresh. Dog-friendly hotel! But we didn't get a dog-friendly hotel, because they were sold out. Which is fine. Bad:We get there, we found a body mist spray, baseball cap, and sunglasses in the room. I seriously felt like I walked into another couple's room!! The bed was NOT made. It looked like someone had just rolled out of bed. The soaking tub was FILTHY! The rainfall shower was nice, but it had a huge crack in it and lime, rust, and calcium was building up on the crack. REPLACE IT. The closet door is also messed up and broken. I found dog hair all over the room! What if someone was allergic to dogs? Tell me again how the room had dog hair and you were out of dog-friendly rooms? LAW SUIT PLEASE! I found PUBIC HAIRS all over the bathroom too! GROSS!! Trust me, those hairs aren't mine or my husband's. We are hygiene FREAKS! OCT TO THE MAX! The room was very dimly lit, I love lighting. I love to see how I look before I got out for the day/night. We did not receive a "DO NOT DISTURB" sign. The guy at the front desk handed us one as we were going out. Seriously? LAZY F**KS! There is no elevator in the hotel. I did not see any fire extinguishers on the second level of the hotel. The hotel does not seem accessible for those with disabilities. A lot of the walls had paint chipped. No casino in the hotel. I was hungry but was getting ready to go out and wanted food from the restaurant in the hotel lobby. The restaurant was CLOSED! During a huge Spring Break weekend too!! WTF? There is no microwave OR refrigerator in the hotel! Seriously?! What hotel does not have a refrigerator?! Housekeeping might as well be non-existent. Room service? There is none! Front desk? Even worse than the non-existent room service.To sum up, we were "eh" about staying here, even just to rest our heads after going out on the strip. We had to sleep OVER the sheets with a tiny sheet because the bed was not made. We called and asked more than FIVE times to have our room turned over. We had to get pizza delivered to us (it was good pizza!!! I think the place was Joe's NY Pizza or something, can't remember). We had to clean the filthy tub, with someone else's soap scum ourselves! FILTHY, FILTHY, FILTHY! Their hospitality is non-existent. I didn't use the pool (probably gross too) or go on the balcony. They had landscaping I think, because the whole hotel smelled like disgusting fertilizer, which is weird because they don't even have real grass! They use AstroTurf! This hotel was basically for us to rest our heads after long night of partying, which we couldn't even rest comfortably! Avoid. Just avoid this hotel.
2	Cute hotel but very "cheaply" put together. Front desk staff was unfriendly, non accommodating and seemed to be inexperienced. Rooms - they do not provide blankets on the beds for every room, only a top sheet. When requesting a blanket they told us they have a limited amount and they were already given out. Very ridiculous. No iron in room - we had to wait for another guest to finish using it before we could use it. All outlets in the room were too large to hold our chargers, curling iron, blow dryer. Luckily we were only there for one night. Overall it's a cute hotel but obvious poor management and upkeep.
4	I just returned from a nice stay at Rumor.. Again.. Nice customer service.. bartenders, waitresses, front desk clerks, bell men, housekeeping and security . Nice menu choices at Addiction the in house Restaurant!  I have stayed at The Rumor a number of times and it's so convenient to all of Vegas if you want to go out and about or if you just feel like chilling in the great rooms.. Enjoy!
4	I really enjoyed my stay here didn't have any if the problems some of these ratings had. Other then the fees that are charged the resort fee and the credit card hold fee Atleast that comes back but still came out cheaper then other hotels. Kind of a little hidden gem if you ask me. There was some bad reviews on the front desk staff and I found then to be very friendly. Also housekeeping came to my room daily and did not have any problem bringing me stuff. The bed and the tub were very relaxing. Very nice for the price and very trendy decor. Nice pool area too
3	Great room, fun pool area, and GREAT location. Only an $9 cab ride from strip but the front desk is ridiculously unprofessional if you can ignore them and don't have many request it's a perfect stay.
3	Beautiful rooms, very 80's meets modern. For the price, its phenomenal. They also have a cocktail button--genius! As well as white leather couches, king size beds that you melt in and a single porn channel that never seems to work. Another words, its child friendly. The pool was HUGE and overall it was quiet! Definitely would return.
1	terrible customer service! wish I had read all the negative reviews here before booking a room because they are all accurate. the hotel doesn't come close to providing a boutique experience or the amazing experience they claim to provide on their website. don't be fooled, not even worth the headache for a cheaper rate! will never stay here again.
3	The room was clean and comfortable, but not as nice as depicted on their website. The staff was not very accommodating when we requested a room change. They promised to "take care of it" but never bothered to do so after calling the front desk on two different occasions. Also, it was pretty difficult to get a taxi. The front desk assured me that it would take five minutes, but none arrived after 15. The walk is not too far from the strip (about 4 blocks), but it was very difficult to get a taxi when you needed one. Overall, the hotel was pretty good for the price, but the service could definitely use an improvement.
1	Booked a room for a good rate via the Hotel Tonight iPhone app.The staff was friendly, however would not give my friend and I a room with two queen beds without charging us extra.  I understood this, given that we came in through a budget iPhone app.  That said, the person who initially worked on checking us in had promised us a two queen bed room and even made us wait until after our check in time for our room to be ready.  It kind of felt like a little bit of a bait and switch when, after an extended wait to get our room, we arrived at a room with a single king.  When we complained, they charged us for the upgrade even though the hotel was nearly empty the night we stayed there.  That said, staff was friendly when we did the check in.  I would have been ok with the upgrade fee if it had been up front and not after having had to come back to the room.Check-in came with two free drinks at the bar, which was really nice.  The room we had was very nice, decorated in what seemed a tribute to the fast cocaine era 1980's.  There was only one remote between the two TV's and only one remote between the two AC units (which were not central air, but rather window units installed in the walls that didn't work all that great).  Given the price we paid, it was still reasonable.  I would avoid this hotel in the summertime for this reason.The beds only had top sheet and no comforters on them, which was ok given the lack of effective AC but still unimpressive for a place that markets itself as a 'boutique hotel'I recognize that, overall, this review should warrant a 2 or 3 star review.  The real problem was that I woke up with 10 or 15 bug bites all over my body the next morning.  The bed seemed to have an infestation of BED BUGS that I hadn't noticed.On check out I informed the checkout clerk of the bed bug situation, but could not stay long enough to discuss it with a manager as I had to be somewhere on a schedule. Hopefully they resolve this issue for future guests.  It was totally unacceptable and is the main reason why I will never there again.
1	Rumor has it, that there are only bed sheets...Truly, the bed only has sheets! No comforter or throw, just thin white sheets. In the middle of the night, we woke up freezing, attempted to crank up the heater, but it wasn't working very well.  When we called the lobby and requested a blanket, we were informed they they could only provide us we additional sheets.  huh? The room is tastefully designed, but the placement of the sink is awkward and placed too high. You have to shrug your shoulders to wash. In addition, the shower had black mold growing in the corner and we noticed random long hairs on the walls and splatters and baseboards. The check out time is 11am and if you check out later there is an additional $50 charge. -Come on now, at least give people until 12pm!They have a small bar and nice lounge areas. It's fine if you want to be out of the casino scene, but I don't think that we will be staying again.
3	This isn't the Cosmo but it's nicer than Alexis Park or any other seedy motel on/near the strip. I liked the jacuzzi in the room, I loved the large restroom/shower. I loved the decor and loved the bed. I was okay with the dim lighting, and was okay with the weird A/C unit and even okay with the repeat porn on channel 69.  I was not okay with the slower than mollasses front desk, the warm and humid hallways, the fact that my key card didn't work at 2am 2 days before I checked out, not okay with the non existent Wifi especially if I paid $12 for it in "resort fees". It has it's pros and cons but I would rethink it if I stayed during the swimming season. The pool was dirty, cold and not very tended too. They had a DJ set station but no music and no DJ.
4	First off, reviews like mine are the reason why you shouldn't use Yelp when looking for a place to stay. I have never vacationed at this property.Having said that, Rumor is pretty awesome. I've been here previously for a Spy On Vegas open bar event. I once stopped by with Anthony M as part of our Yelp Drinks bar hopping. And last night, I finally attended the monthly Yappy Hour event (every third Thursday from 6-9pm) after years of it being posted in my Meetup group.Their grass and pool area in the middle of the (former apartment?) complex is a fabulous space for events. During Yappy Hour, your dog can freely roam off-leash while you sip on some cab (or some other included drink of your choice). To borrow from Sambalatte, you get to sip and savor while your dog socializes. There are purple hammocks strewn about among the various palm trees. Just a sweet spot to enjoy the Spring evening breeze.Rumor has it, the hotel itself is pet-friendly.
2	Meh, it's okay here. If you can only afford this room, this not bad I guess. Giving it two stars since I got it for half off, but I would NEVER pay full price. Pros:- Front desk people are nice. Always willing to call a cab for you. - Very affordable pricing- Short walk to roomsCons:- You can tell this was some kind of motel that was upgraded. - Decor does not look as nice as pictures online. - Doesn't clean every inch of the place. There was an inappropriate sticker left by the last guest. - LOUD music during the day, so very hard to nap. - Ice machine doesn't work.- No blow dryer in room. Have to ask and then you get charged.
1	I stayed at the RUMOR last week and from the start it was an awful experience!Check in took forever-then when we got to our room-the dirty sheets from the guests before were piled by the door-so unsanitary!! Going in to the room we were overwhelmed with the awful smell of cleaner!! A sweet disgusting smell of cleaner  not a felling clean kind!Off to the pool-no towels available-we asked 3 times-never to get any!  They were NOT in the wagon as we were told twice! The place was dirty and there were filthy towels everywhere and empty jello shot containers all over as well!Over all-terrible experience-dirty-gross and ill never be back! So unfortunate as its convenient for work for which I go out to Vegas 3-4 times a year for work!
4	What a genius idea to have a happy hour for dogs. I'm only reviewing it's facility from a spectator's point of view, and the YAPPY HOUR.YAPPY HOUR:It's really happy hour for dogs, but it makes me pretty happy too. $10 entry, and you get a free doggy treat for your k9 friend, and a free drink ticket for yourself. It's a great time. It's like witnessing a reality show of a Vegas party through a doggy's point of view. Thankfully they don't discriminate against non dog owners for "Yappy Hour" since I am not a dog owner and just wanted to hang out with my dog owner friends. They had a fun DJ with a really good set list ("Who Let the Dogs Out" not included), bounces who keep your crazy k9 in check, and a really nice set up for these dogs to roam and go wild. I loved it! Seeing a beautiful variety of doggy mixes and breeds really had me sold on find me a k9 friend (or stealing someone else's...kidding). End of the event you'll find doggies doing exactly what we do when we get hammered. They're fighting, pulling pranks, sneaking away from bouncers, attempting one night standers.ATMOSPHERE:Based on the Yappy Hour I assume they're dog friendly. They have a fun set up with a fireplace outside, a decent green yard, a swimming pool, a very small, but hip atmosphere in the lobby. The rooms have a motel type layout (like 2 or 3 floors with balconies). It's a small hotel which looks like a good 100+ rooms, and off the strip. So if you're looking for a small, simple, quiet place this might be good. Makes it convenient to be close to the strip, but also enough to be away from the madness.
1	This is probably the worst hotel/resort I have stayed at.. The only reason I gave them a star was because the front staff was friendly. First off the rooms are WAY smaller then they look in the pictures, the furniture is    chipped and cheap looking. I was excited to stay here because I love the decor of boutique hotels. This one Looks like a fancy  motel 6, definitely not a resort. No clocks, No fridge (extra cost) and no blankets. The waitress at Addiction was nice until we had a question about the check then she quickly had turned into a b*tch. Needless to say I will not be returning here nor would I recommend it to anyone.
4	Great hotel, cool rooms, forget the restaurant though and tell the front desk staff to be a wee bit less assholey.
2	Check in took way too long.At first sight of the room, it was nice, until you sit down...barf stains in the carpet right next to where you head will lie down at night. Hairs in the room, yuck. Big Roaches everywhere! The kind of people in the pool and their nasty nakedness combined with the sexual acts outside our room - the pool nor spa could be used. I got bug bites on my rear, yuck. Why bother with the 20 inch tv in the room when you need more mirrors and lights with a dimming feature. Afraid of the nasty smelling shower, the shower head leaked all the time. They clearly do not fix nor clean the place. Let's not forget they do not use the cameras because we had to close the rear gets all the time to keep the homeless river people out - they were always in the hotel harassing us - the people who work there do not care. When I asked for water I was redirected after being told it was free and told to pay $5 per small bottle. Assured I am leaving something out...Emilio is the ONLY employee you should keep! He is polite and has great customer service. Do not let me start with the 2 rude girls you have in the front desk.NO ice machine, blow dryer xyz = ask and beg and only half the time you will get.Oh and go run across the street for a cab, because none come by here and the dumb girls just tell you to go out front, ha!
3	I've been here several times for little staycations or if I'm just drinking too much to drive home..I've only paid full price once though, I always get deals for $35-55 a night depending on the day of the week on the hotel tonight app. For that discount price, totally worth it, but if you want to pay full price, I'd go to hard rock or palms instead.Since I've been going here, the service and ammenties has slowly been deteriorating. The service is pretty slow checking in, and it's a hit or miss with the front desk workers as well. Sometimes you get a really nice one, and sometimes you get a zombie lol The time before my most recent visit, there wasn't a comforter and the front desk informed me that he could get me an extra pair of sheets because they keep the comforters locked up in house keeping after a certain hour...I guess some not so honest workers there? So this time I asked if there would be a comforter in my room since there wasn't one last time and he nicely explained that basically several of their house keepers have been slacking big time and got fired so hopefully they don't have to deal with issues like that anymore. Onto the rooms. Looks like a modern, cheap, ikea room, not bad (considering I would pay max $60 for a room here). I like the style that they were going for but they went with really cheap pieces to achieve the look. Not sturdy enough for the amount of use in a "boutique hotel". There are no clocks, no refridgerators, no mini bar. But I really like that there are balconies. They're pretty consistent in their mediocre cleaning. On the surface it looks clean enough but I'll catch dusty spots, and dirt in corners and what not. Every room I've stayed in had a tub and all were pretty dirty looking and yellow stained. I've never used it and don't recommend anyone to. You also have to request a hair dryer now as well, when you didn't have to before. I'm guessing this also has to do with their lack of honest workers.Overall, if you just want a room to crash for the night or for a few hours, or celebrate super bowl at haufbrauhaus lol for a great price, then this is a great choice. But if you're looking at it for a special occasion, ehh not my first choice. I don't want to sound harsh but being in Las Vegas, there is NO excuse for mediocre cleaning and so-so customer service with all the competition out here.Hopefully the firing of the crappy house keepers gets this place cleaner. If it does, 4 stars.
2	I was stuck in a room with no air conditioning for 3 days before they moved me into a different room, not before treating me like a stupid person suggesting I didn't know how to operate the machine. I needed to stand in line at the very slow front desk, every day, before they sent a "house keeper" not the maintenance person to check up the air conditioning. An apology would have been greatly appreciated!I could go on and on with the horrible service but i think that gives you a good idea. On the rooms topic, they look ok but you get no amenities at all.  You pretty much get what you see in their website pictures but they need some cleaning, specially, the bathroom floors and walls. Disgusting!
1	Im not one to write negative reviews over anything. Nor, am I to be that "anal" customer to complain about small things. BUT someone ought to stop or DO SOMETHING about horrible hospitality.I SAY THIS, DO NOT STAY AT RUMOR BOUTIQUE RESORT.CHEAP, yes. But cheapness comes with mirror results. I didnt want to be influenced by the negative reviews this resort already had. So I decided to book a mellow weekend getaway through EXPEDIA hoping just that: a mellow week. So we gave it a shot!When we first got there, OK great nice room, great decor, cool hot tub along the bedroom. Setting is nice. We've traveled 5 hours away and all we wanted to do was rest before a night out partying. Soon after laying in bed we come to find a HUGE MOTH (size of a golf ball) atop the headboard decor. We call front desk and their response "WELL WE CAN COME IN THERE AND KILL IT FOR YOU" --I mean, is that really the proper response to a guest who's terrified of bugs?! I saw 2 spiders on the tub and that was it for me. After contemplating on what to do, I decided to walk over to front desk to be further assisted about this situation. Andrea was helpful, but for the other gentleman in the front desk who laughed at me over what to do to the bug is questionable.We were moved to another room to find even more things to get even more disgusted. BLOOD SPLATTER in the bathroom. RIPPED CARPET. DRIED URINE in our personal patio. DIRTY TABLES. ITS CLEARLY THAT HOUSEKEEPING DOES NOT DO THEIR JOB WELL. or NOT AT ALL!We nicely requested that we did not want room service, soon after coming back from a day hike from UTAH, sure enough the room was entered.MY GOLD WATCH WAS STOLEN! Im so irritated.Either RUMOR Boutique employs horrible staff or they simply dont care or have no standards in employing the right employee. THEY HAVE housekeeping that doesnt do their job well in keeping this so called resort clean.This place is FILTHY, BUG INFESTED, QUESTIONABLE STAFF, and housekeeping THIEVES. I REPEAT, SAVE YOURSELVES!! It may be cheap, portray as a nice boutique but its simply an old motel that they tried to fix the exterior to portray a "BOUTIQUE RESORT" but still kept the poorness of a motel standard.GET IT TOGETHER RUMOR, because it is not a rumor that this place is a horrible stay. IT IS THE TRUTH!I rest my case.Best,The mad disgusted guest.
2	Came here for the first time pretty nice-looking place very trendy problem was our phone wasn't working which is no big deal but the air conditioner was not working and I explain to them they all they told me was ( we would have a maintenance man look at it)  but it never happened in the meantime the room was extremely hot and stuffy could not open the window to the other guests that go outside to smoke dope and all the smell comes in to our room so we can't open the windows, so if they expect to keep the pain guess they need to take care of their guest that's how I feel.
1	We like to stay at more quiet, off-the-beaten-track hotels when we come to Vegas, like the MGM Signature, so we thought we'd try the Rumor.  From the pictures it looked nice, so I ignored the poor reviews and decided to believe the positive ones.  Shoulda believed the poor reviews...this place is lame!First off, I will say the location is great.  It's just barely off the strip, so it's easy to get in and out of without having to deal with the nightmare traffic on the Blvd.  But it's within walking distance of the strip, a few steps away from the Hard Rock (in case you want a meal or to gamble) and a bunch of other restaurants.  The decor in the rooms was also nice.  It looked just like in the pictures and we appreciated the more modern flair instead of cheesy themed decor like a lot of the casinos.  The bed was also VERY comfy, which is probably the one thing from the reviews that convinced me to try Rumor.But that's where the good points stop.  There were so many other things that were bad that we'd never stay here again:1) Check in is awful.  Two people work the front desk to check in as many as 8 waiting guests, answer phones, call cabs, handle reservations, etc.  there was a huge crowd of people around the front desk and it took me 15 minutes to get helped.2) The room wasn't that clean.  We found hairs in the sink.  Kinda gross when you arrive at a hotel and see other people's hair.   And the room amenities are CHEAP.  Plastic cups, tiny shampoos, no mini bar, no iron.  VERY basic.3) THE NOISE!  This hotel is right in the flight path of the airport.  Every 5 minutes or so a plane goes overhead.  And worse, when the military planes went by, I thought the roof would collapse, it was so loud!  Forget sleeping in or taking a nap here.  And at 4pm, they start happy hour in the courtyard.  LOUD music (90's hip hop, blech).  Which is all fine if you're up and in the mood to dance.  But we wanted to nap after a late night out.  Nope.  Between the planes and the music, no chance.4) The hotel is OLD.  It looks like a 1940's motel or apartment complex that was renovated (barely).  A lot of thick paint can only cover up so much.  It just showed its age.  No elevators, so I hope you like lugging your bags up the stairs.  The balconies look old.  The whole thing has a faintly musty smell.  5) Calling this hotel a "resort" is a joke! The pool was ICE cold.  The weather was only 75, which was warm when you're sitting in the sun, but not hot enough to want a cold pool.  A dip in a heated pool would have felt great but it was about 55 degrees.  And it was full of palm fronds and wrappers and junk.  Obviously hadn't been cleaned in a couple of days (It was windy the day before).  I just feel like a hotel who takes so little care of the grounds doesn't deserve the term "resort".6) One downside we didn't realize about staying here was how isolated we would be from food.  Although there is a bar and restaurant on the grounds, we never saw a solitary soul in there.  The last morning we ate breakfast there and it was pretty good, but mostly we went across the street to the Hard Rock for variety.So final analysis of this place:  cute decor in the rooms, nice beds.  Totally not worth the price.  It was cheaper than the casinos, but not by a ton.  I just looks and feels old.  And with the cold pool and noise factor, I definitely won't stay there again.
1	The lady at checkin was rude to another customer and blah to us. We checked in 30 mind early and told they would come get us when our room was ready. An hour later and after asking 2 different times we arrived at our "suite". Ghetto! Our bed has ink stains with hair inside. Requestes that they bee changed along with cleaning up the chocolate stains on the bathroom door. 3 hrs later we come back to our to see nothing has been done. Went to the front desk again. This poor guy arrives at our room to clean clean off door, bit tells me the maids went home already...this MOTEL sucks.
1	Hello I stayed at Rumor last night and the a/c was not working in our room.  Our phone did not have a tone only when you put in on speaker.  I called down stairs they asked me if I wanted someone to fix that I said I would call them if I did but first I wanted to try to fix the phone myself in case they was something unplugged.  Then they send someone to the room when I was in the bath.  I told him not to come and he had an attitude when I asked him to come back later.  There were people smoking weed outside so we could not open our window, this made it a horrible night.  I told the staff lady Emily that we were going out and to have someone fix the a/c but no one did.So we rode it out that night and in the morning I went to check out and I told Jessica that the a/c still was not working and she did not even say sorry or anything that would comfort me.  All she said was that she would send someone to fix it, yeah right.The only good thing about this place was that the the room looked nice.
2	I enjoyed the location, the fact you didn't have to go through a casino, deal with a loooong lobby line to check in and multiple floors to find your room. I was very disappointed with the service. We got there at 2, early check in is at noon. Our room still was not ready, we waited an hour and a half for our room. That gave us time to hang out by the bar/restaurant. The drinks and food were great, so we overlooked the wait for the room to be ready. Then, we get to the room and ask for more towels and never received them. We go to the restaurant and order food from the dinner menu, the bartender was the waiter as well. We order our food and 45 minutes later we are told they made the food wrong, they placed our order wrong and somehow run out of what we wanted also. We ask for our money back, at that point we had to leave and get ready for our event later that night. To get our refund we have to wait for the manager who is nowhere to be found- when maybe she should have stepped up and helped out her waiter/bartender since they are short staffed. The whole staff seemed like they were just so overwhelmed and new. They location was great, only 5 minutes away from the strip and no hassle for parking, but the SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE. The manager after refunding our money for the food they didn't have was just so nonchalant and insincere with her apology it was ridiculous. I would go back, but management and service NEEDS TO CHANGE FIRST.
2	Where do I begin? I'm lucky I got here because the staff could not give me directions to their own hotel. We mainly came for the big tubs but the first one was all chipped broken so we opt for another room. Our next room had worms and sewage coming out of the bathtub drain. 3 hours later we are finally checked into room that was decent. Since there wasn't a tub that was decent I thought I could relax in the Jacuzzi only to find out it wasn't working. There's a TV in the bedroom but no remote when we asked for one they told us they didn't know where it was there's nothing like getting out of bed to change the channel on the TV. On the second night at 1030 the fire alarm had a false alarm. Thus we had to scramble to get dressed and evacute rhe building. This happened at a most in opportune time in my wife and I's evening. The staff did try to accommodate us but it seems like they're trying to play with bad cards. But for their efforts I will give it 2 stars. Such a waste of a promising location.
5	We LOVE Rumor!Don't come here if you don't know what a "boutique" hotel is. If you are looking to have some kind of ultra-luxe, 5-star stay in Las Vegas, there are many, MANY hotels for you to choose from. But FYI, they aren't going to run you ~$100 a night. If you are looking for a comfortable, fun, moderately luxurious stay and you have a budget, this might be your place!I love the fact that they are casino-free; getting a break from all the slot-sitters blowing smoke in my face is a nice relief at the end of the night. The rooms are well-appointed and fun; we love the in-room sunken tub we sometimes get (and aren't complaining about channel 69!) We have yet to try the pool but it is the center of the grounds and it looks like it would be super fab in the warm months.The hotel is always pretty quiet, which is nice if that's the vibe you're looking for. There's not the usual rowdy Vegas crowd going on in the lobby--in fact their bar seems to always be closed when I pass by. However, if you book through the website and they offer a free bottle of champagne when you check in. They don't always bring it super quickly, but they always bring it!
2	Being a Las Vegas local, i know what makes a good hotel however this experience reminded me of what a bad hotel is.This hotel is located snug next to the hard rock hotel alongside harmon.  The sign in the front of the hotel looks modern and attractive but the actual complex itself looks like a renovated abandoned apartment complex.Front: Service was friendly however details were not explained as I eventually found out the hardway.Area: The area is convenient to the strip.  Its nice being somewhat away from the strip but relatively nearby.  There's a walgreens located about a block or two away and plenty of restaurants to check out as well.   The hotel looks like an abandoned apartment complex thats been refinished inside of each of the rooms but the general area seems pretty untouched.  There is a pool..... which is your standard community pool, nothing special about it at all.  I had brought some drinks with me and was searching all around for the ice machine, apparently there is 2 ice machines for 9 different buildings and the machines are conveniently located on the second floor.... They have 4 hammocks which were nice to lounge onRoom: The room was decorated well.  Large deep tub with broken jets.  Overhead shower which was nice.  Water was very hot for both tub and shower.  Some of the material in the room had a strange orange tint which looked like faded blood to me.  Small tv which you can adjust. Sliding glass door that went outside to the main courtyard area.  ** I found a $13 charge for my stay.  I inquired about the fee online and was told that they charge an automatic resort fee which includes: "free wifi, open bar (oh... what i mean is a bar that is open 24/7), proximity to the strip, luxurious pool use and etc..." end quoteOverall, I wouldn't stay here again due to the uncleanliness of the room and the general appearance of the entire place.   I also would've like to be disclosed about the automatic fee they charge when i first checked in.
2	They had a great  photographer, rooms are dirty and everyone who works here have no clue. Every time we ask a question we are referred to next person. Oh and Yappy Hour creates a stinky mess they can't clean the dog poop away fast enough.
3	This is definitely not your typical Vegas hotel- nothing super decadent about this place, but still a great little get away. Simple, yet stylish and comfortable. No hair dryer in the room which I thought was particularly strange- I had to call the front desk for one. Large pool/ lounge area. Food and drinks were particularly expensive- $12 and up for a drink. Also conveniently located next to a liquor store, a CVS, and a 24-hour Subway.
1	First off, I did not stay in a room at this hotel - I hung out there for a day with friends who were staying the weekend.  I was unimpressed with the staff who really did not seem interested in their customers.  There was little "resort" in this place that calls itself a resort.  It just does not have the amenities.  I stay at small boutique resorts regularly in Cali and Mexico and they operate at a level far above what Rumor does.  Seriously, I do not recommend Rumor at all - no matter how inexpensive it may be.
1	The hotel looks nice and the instalations are almost new, but, toilets don't flish at all. I've been here two times and I have had to ask for a plunge each time.The first time we came they had a gym event and the set a very loud DJ on the garden without warning any guests. At 3am we decided to go to another hotel because we couldn't sleep at all.The service is horrible, they do not attend properly in the front desk.The 2rd time here, they did not have our reservation because booking did not send it to them and they have us waiting for an hour in the front desk without even saying "sorry".We need to call 3 times to the operator to get the plunge delivered to the room.The windows are old and you can hear all the traffic of the street. Finally, our AC was broken, it wont turn off, we ask for help twice but no one came. We had to sleep with jumpers and socks.Never comimg again.
3	For our second stay, we spent 3 days at Rumor last week with a group and actually did get the deluxe suite! The deluxe suite was larger than the standard, but, for some reason, the shower was half the size. It has 2 small flat screens and 2 air conditioners that did a good job keeping the room ice cold. One thing to note is that they have very hard water so if you are sensitive to it, I would probably stay elsewhere. We had a nice view of the parking lot but the room was surprisingly quiet, even with jets from the executive airport flying overhead. Our bed was hard on one side and had all the springs broke or severely compressed on the other. With enough booze in us, it was comfortable but badly in need of replacement. We spent a couple days by the pool this time and found the wait staff to be super friendly. Mixed drinks were $10.00 each and they had a delicious fruit tray for a few dollars more. Overall not above average for Vegas drink & food prices, considering the excellent service. The pool water was freezing cold - they should probably think using part of that resort fee to turn on the heater!Sitting around the pool, we did notice some maintenance issues: tiles falling off the pool, areas in need of paint, trim falling off, dirty windows, etc. If the management put a little more time into addressing the details, they could have a five star resort. We also walked around during their famous "yappy hour". All the dogs were well behaved and we didn't notice any "messes" but maybe we just didn't look hard enough. Either way, it seemed like a really fun event. If we lived in Vegas, we would definitely take part. Would we stay here again? Maybe to see if they make any progress with these small improvements. My wife was very sensitive to the water so it's questionable at this point.
4	I was thinking 3 stars but then I was told to give it 4 bc of the free porn channel lol... KEEP THE KIDS AWAY FROM CHANNEL 69!!!! I'm serious lol... otherwise, it's a bit dated but I had caught a great deal so I chose to take a chance... I didn't have any issues like some of the other posters... staff was Kool and helpful, Hard Rock was across the street for food, and somehow there was a dj at the pool that I could enjoy from my balcony... now, I Def didn't like that there's a charge for late check-out... As someone with a MBA in marketing... BOOOOOO... ;)
3	The positives are-The design of the lounge and pool area are cool-The staff is nice-It was literally a hop over the road from Guns N Roses at the Hard Rock-A patio to smoke on was nice after a night of partying- Free pornThe negatives are-No mini fridge-Ice machine was broken-Water damage stains on the wall- A lack of furniture (there was only one spot on the bed where I could enjoy my warm mimosa with a place to set it down)- A light bulb or two was out- A DJ practiced in the courtyard with his wall trembling bass around 8pm- No menu on the remote for the cable- The free porn was not that great
3	This is a very unique hotel. It is set up like an apartment complex and most rooms have a patio to sit on overlooking the large pool area. Usually you will get a free bottle of champagne or some other outrageously good deal if you book online and direct. The pool cabanas are free for your use unlike alot of places and the rooms are anything but ordinary. Very cool place. Oh....and you can walk to the Hard Rock
2	I really wanted to like this place, but I just can't.-Check In process was painful, and if you run a hotel, you should at least be able to get that right.  We arrived at 3:30 and were told that it would be about 15 minutes before our room was ready.  No problem.  Around 4, we were told the same thing.  Then, at around 4:30, after waiting in line again, we were told the same thing.  We had plans to meet people downtown at 5, and didn't push those plans because the front desk kept assuring us it would only be a few more minutes.  We didn't even get our room until around 5:15.  - The ice machine on our floor didn't work.  And as I found out on a tour of the property, ice machines are rare.  I finally found one on the 2nd floor of a building completely across the courtyard from my building.  I'm pretty sure half of it melted before I got it back to the room.- The a/c in the hallway didn't work, so it felt like walking into a sauna every time we walked down the hall.  - The a/c in our room was highly temperamental, and wouldn't stay on for long.  Every time we came back to the room, it was brutally hot in there.  - $10 cash per day for a mini-fridge?  Really?- No hair dryer for the wife.  We called and found out there should have been one, so they brought it down right away, so that was good.- One of the outside gates (to the parking lot) didn't work - our key unlocked it and the light turned green, but it wouldn't open from the outside.  - I hated the pillows.  Too damn springy.  Woke up each day with my neck hurting.- No shuttle to the strip.- The view of the parking lot was less than awesome, especially for a suite. - Big MF'n spider in the tub.  I think it was about 2 feet long, my wife says it was the size of a quarter.  She's full of shit.  On the up side:- The staff was very friendly.  - The pool was very nice and relaxing.- It's across the street from the HRH, a CVS, and a bunch of good restaurants, so that's convenient.  - It was completely reasonably priced.- Rooms were spacious.
1	I lived in Vegas for 6 years and stayed everywhere from the Wynn to the Four Seasons including the old crappy Travelodge on the strip and various places downtown. I've been eager to stay at Rumor as I have only heard good things about it and have been there a few times when it opened originally. So it was a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT to actually stay there and discover that the rooms and grounds outside of the lobby and bar area are very dirty!!! I stayed last week traveling through home to CA from Colorado. The first room I received had URINE on the bathroom floor and blood smear on the couch! So disgusted I called and informed guest services that I would need a new clean room and explained my current room conditions. They stated that they had several events the past few weeks and a maid that was in a hurry to get off her shift. They gave me a new room, downgraded by the way, old one had a big fancy tub that was probably gnarly anyway. Went to my new room and a little cleaner until I went to bed that night and saw the sheets were torn and filled with mysterious lint so I decided to sleep in top of the covers w a blanket I had brought. The next morning I tip-toed into the shower not knowing what maybe in there and closed the shower curtain only to come to the realization that this was one of the dirtiest hotels I have ever stayed at. Rinsed up, dried off, packed up, and checked out ASAP!! Only spent the night and will never be going back! So sad and disappointed because this hotel used to really be a sweet ruby jewel in the perfect location. No longer a sweet rumor just a nasty old tumor :(
1	Would have loved to have stayed here but they couldn't get us checked in. We booked via Hotels Tonight since it was after midnight. HT collected my credit card info and said our room was booked. 20 minutes later we arrived at the Rumor, and there was 1 dude in line ahead of us to check in. Checking in that guy took 15 minutes. Then it was our turn. After 15 minutes of silence the front desk gal said there was a "problem" with my card. The card I JUST booked the room with. Okay, try another card. She thinks it's the computer. Tries a different computer. Then another card. Nothing is working, she doesn't know why. She spends the next 15 minutes ignoring us while fiddling with things. We ask about paying cash and are told that cash requires a huge deposit. It's now 1:15 am and we're beyond cranky. The lobby is full of guests waiting to check in, when I hear the bartender apologize for being unable to accept credit cards. So I ask the bartender if he's having CC issues, and whaddaya know? He IS! If I hadn't made this connection, I'm sure they wouldn't have on their own for quite some time.I asked if they could waive the deposit since we had no choice but to pay in cash and we're only staying one night (actually about 6 hours, total). After insisting she couldn't do anything about it, the front desk gal later flip flopped and offered a discounted deposit. We waited another 20 minutes while she called their management company to try to reset something with the card processing, that didn't work. And since we didn't have enough cash to cover the deposit (and my husband was so irate at this point he was keyed up enough to just keep driving) we canceled our reservation and left.I should also add that I bought a gin and tonic during this 50ish minute debacle, which was $12 and not a single word was uttered about any kind of concession or comp for all the trouble.You really do get what you pay for with hotels, or in this case, you don't even get that!
2	I wanted to love this place because at first glance, it's sleek and modern and very promising.  I booked a room last minute and the check in process was a breeze.  Once I got to my room, I started to get some red flags.  Firstly, I got to my room and worried that they mistakenly gave me the keys to Lucifer's walk in closet because the air conditioning was broken and it was easily 100+ degrees inside.  I took refuge in the bathroom while the room cooled down since it was slightly colder there, only to notice the bathroom sink was not cleaned.  Getting back to the room, I noticed there was a little jacuzzi tucked away in the corner...but when I got up close, I puked a little in my mouth to see cracked tile, splotchy wet spots, soap scum, and moldy residue.  And those splotchy wet spots? Still there after my three night stay and dripping.  Addiction Restaurant and Bar is also housed in this little hotel/resort. But the hours are rather erratic, not always following the hours posted.  Either that, or it's catered to by people who don't care.  Its likely a mix of both, as customer service in the food & beverage arena doesn't seem to be a priority.Despite my less than ideal experience here, I give it stars for the following reasons:-I acknowledge that you get what you pay for.-This place really does have a lot of potential, but MUST put cleanliness and customer service at the very top of the list (I just saw the waitress completely ignore a patron trying to ask a question while writing this...poor guy looked frustrated beyond hell)-I spent most of my time across the street at the Hard Rock anyway.
2	Came here for my husband's high school reunion and the atmosphere was okay but the bartenders were so RUDE!!! I stood at the bar for about 5 minutes and watched the two of them just ignore me....then when one of them finally came over to get my drink order she acted as if I was bothering her! Oh I'm sorry I thought you were working! Here's a thought if you don't actually want to deal with people then don't get a job dealing with people!!! Thank goodness we live here and didn't actually have to get a room here and deal with he rudeness!!! I can only imagine! I was super hungry but they closed the restaurant down to cater to the reunion and serve finger foods but the problem with that is I could never find the host/hostess with a full tray!!! Well ended up leaving early to grab food elsewhere! Word of advice: clean up the nasty attitude because the people that actually spends money contributes to your paycheck.
1	We chose Rumor because it looks young, fun and modern. Ladies at the desk were very nice, bar tender not so much. Got to the room and it's very nice at first glance!!!!!!The pillows smell sour, like they were left in the washer for two days. Sheets are stained, comforter (covered with a sheet is stained), carpet is filthy, iron dies not work, ice machine does not work, no blow dryer, no radio.Mattresses in cabanas are filthy, I wouldn't sit on there if they paid me. I would not recommend this hotel and we will never stay here again.
2	The hotel its self wasn't bad, very clean bar and check in area. The woman checking us in could've tried a little harder to make it seem as if she didn't hate her life so much, but hey who needs customer service! Booked with them over the phone and they ensured we were guaranteed early check in (we were in between hotels, on 0 hrs of sleep), so to my surprise when we got there the miserable woman told us "no one noted the account so we were going to have to wait an extra hour and still pay the fee". We finally checked into a decent size room and at first glance things looked clean and up to date ( like in the pictures). After we turned on the lights we saw water stains on the ceiling and many more on the carpets. The soaking tub was cracked/stained and looked like it needed some cleaning, like everything else. 2 Tv's one nice size in the room and one the size of a cereal box in the living room. The AC situation was my least favorite part, due to the fact that it was 105+ during the day and 70+ at night and only the one in the living room worked.... There's no elevators so everything needed to be carried, which was the worst! The location is the only thing I have no complaints about. It across from HRH and many other places to pick up a quick bite! Don't recommend staying here!!!!
4	I called before I checked in and the receptionist was polite and helpful. The outer appearance was iffy but once I stepped foot in my room I was in shock! Room was well put together and very spacious and for the rate I paid for the night I was very satisfied and impressed. They comped water as well as champagne! Cant beat that! Hotels usually charges a grip for water! Good lookin out!
4	If you have a doggy and you want to stay in Vegas this is a great place to be.   The rooms are perfect size, with good Decor, and great bathroom and shower.   parking and internet was free - across the street from Hard rock hotel.
5	Absolutely love it here. I'm a Vegas local and I usually come for a couple day stay-cation every few weeks. Friendly staff, nice clean rooms, and fairly priced.
1	Rumor has it this place sucks! The room was dirty, the "hot tub" was nasty, the shower was gross, the water smelled, the sliding door didn't lock, the ice machine was broken and dumping ice all over the floor ( the maintenance guy just looked at it then walked away), the gates to the parking lot didn't unlock with the room keys. We had to walk all the way around the motel to get inside to walk all the way to the back again ( another guest thankfully broke the door lock to we could use the door again). For the  price we paid we would have been better off at a motel 6. Luckily we were able to checkout a day early but what a dump. I don't want anyone staying there even if I hate them.
2	I stayed here for a weekend. The rooms were very pretty just like the pictures. But it smelled terrible in our room. The AC was leaking all over the place including onto the bed. The AC did not really even make it as cool as it should of with all the leaking it was doing. The hot tub was a great add on to the room until we turned the water on and it didn't come out hot at all. Tried three different times thought out our stay. Also why is check in so late in the day ? At 4pm we got there at 3:45 and was told it's gonna be another half an hour. She said she would call us when it was ready. We returned and ask us our names again ??? How were you going to call us if you couldn't remember our names ?? But still check out is at 11am.
4	Okay this place was different the only issues I had with them is our room letting out to the pool and it's gated but whatever and they staff needs to know what the hell talking about everybody check in early fee was different from the state line till we got to the hotel and the manger cool tho but anyway the room was really nice clean and sound proof lol we are some loud girls and we party hard and this was the best place for us company friendly the pool was clean and live if your looking for somewhere calm quiet DONT COME TO VEGAS AND DONT STAY HERE if you wanna party and fun this is the place for you will be back Oct
4	I was here for a destination wedding this past weekend and found that these bad reviews do not represent this place.  The room was clean, orderly and comfortable.  We loved the cabanas and pool.  Check in was as smooth as you can imagine and the staff was helpful.  Loved the bartenders, they came up with good drinks and great attitudes.While it was 2 miles off the strip, it was simple to get a taxi to the action for only $10.00.  Plus having the Hard Rock Casino across the street made it simple to get a quick fix of a game and then back to the party and pool.Stay there if you want a nice ambiance that is not right there but easy to get to the action of the strip.
4	What I liked:- I could easily park and walk right into my room. I hate having to walk thru 20 min of Casino to get to my room so this was great.- They allow dogs. I didn't have mine- but as a dog rescue person- this is a huge plus. And right outside my room was a path with grass for walking dogs. Even better!- The room was slick and modern. Decent enough size with a jacuzzi tub in the corner and a nice big shower with a rain shower head. - No one was at the pool. I had it all to myself. Impossible to find in vegas. No little kids running around, no Frat boys trying to have  sex in it like at the Hard Rock- just a nice relaxing place.What I didn't like: The hot water was down for 14 hours. They reimbursed me my resort fee- which was very nice of themAll in all I liked it - across the street to Hard Rock and next to Kiss mini golf! (ha) Easy to get in and out of and easy parking.
4	Wish I could have stayed longer and lingered by the beautiful pool !  We had a great room which was very clean and cool.  Love the bartenders and the front desk people.  The staff was very friendly and there was a wedding going on while we were there, but they still took the time for us and treated us like a priority despite them being very busy.
5	First of all, let me start this review by saying FUCK Delta Airlines. My flight got canceled twice in a matter of 10 hours, so I needed a hotel fast. 11:30pm I book a hotel with Hotwire. It was rated 3 stars but my gf and I were only going to be here for 5 hours. I checked in at 11:40 and the girl at the desk was amazing. Well 1 of them at least. I think her name was Dani or something. The other was just walking around talking to the bartender while I stood there waiting. Dani (I hope that's her name) noticed I had a lot of bags. My room was on the second floor and their elevator was really out of the way. So she upgraded me FOR FREE simply so I didn't have to go through the hassle. The hotel is motel style so we walked through the courtyard to our room. I wasn't expecting much coming in here but the room was Awesome. Spacious and modern. It looked so nice. There was also a waterfall shower and cool looking sink. Best part of the whole room was the bed. So comfortable. It's not extremely fancy like all the 5 star hotels on the strip, it has absolutely no type of view, but I really liked it.I'm only reviewing my room and Dani. Since I was only there for 5 hours, I didn't get a chance to have a look around the place or check out their amenities.
5	I don't know what some of these people are talking about...THIS PLACE ROCKED!I've stayed here a few times and have been more and more impressed every time. First off the chicks who work there are hot and friendly. The rooms are awesome and actually very affordable. I was actually up-graded for free once and their Mega-Suites are incredible. They also have a really cool pool and the cabanas were really cheap too! We went to Rehab earlier and we thought about getting a cabana but they were $1200! I'm not gonna tell you Rumor's pool is exactly like Rehab but it's pretty cool especially for the price. If you're smart you;ll ask for the manager Vanessa, she hooked it up. The cabanas have TV's and small fridges.  We got drunk and watched NFL games by the pool. and had a hell of a time.Only drawback is they don't have a club or shows but it's close to The Strip and across from Hard Rock. You can practically walk to anything.
4	Friends of mine stay here every time their in town,I ask why and they say it's very relaxing and not far from the strip. The rooms are clean and up to date, the pool area and the whole property is clean. The property us completely gated, as soon as you walk in you can feel the vibe of a clean classy boutique hotel, it's very close to the airport and the hard rock hotel and walking distance to the strip. I enjoyed my weekend hanging out with my friends.
1	Hands down the worst experience with a hotel ever. The level of customer service was disgusting. We arrived at 4 to check in, and our room wasn't ready yet. Not a huge deal, so we sat at the bar. An hour and a half later (!!) the room was ready. So at 5:30 we finally got in, when we were supposed to be able to check in at 2. The TV was out and the AC wasn't working, so we called maintenance... 4 times. They never came. We called again while we were not in the room, and they told us we would just have to move rooms. We are in Vegas, already well on to partying, moving rooms was not easy. Now for check out. We called to ask for an extended check out time and they said we would have to pay for that. Nevermind that we were 3 1/2 hours late getting into our room because it wasn't ready. Ugh, so frustrated with this place. DO NOT stay here!! Book a reputable hotel in advance, like we usually do. You will thank me :)
4	I had booked this place almost two weeks prior to my visit. On their actual website off of the picture, but didn't yelp reviews. A week later when I did I was totally bummed because of some of the reviews and I wanted to cancel! However I couldn't because they have a no cancelation policy which I was a little upset about because I didn't think it would be what I was expecting after after seeing the reviews. Anyway once I got there I was really happy! I love how private it is! And you don't have to walk through and entire casino to check in! (Like someone else commented) you can bring your stuff through through the side doors. It's great like a little condo complex! and it's really relaxing bc it's away from the strip. Yet not too far to drive valet somewhere and walk the strip! Definitely recommend. And yes the rooms do look like the pictures on their site!
1	It absolutely blows my mind how anyone could give this place more than 2 stars.  Off the strip, across from the hard rock hotel.You can tell what someone wanted this place to be at one point in time.The lobby is nice,  but thats the only part of the hotel that seems to be maintained.   There is a bar in the lobby with fairly pleasant bartenders but VERY expensive drinks ($44 for 4 drinks).  There is a restaurant inside the hotel but it closes at 1 PM for some reason.  Checking in was a little difficult as the person working at the desk seemed to not have a clue what was going on.  They gave us the wrong room, and we were supposed to get a bottle of champagne with the room that we had to go back and ask for.  Not to mention a $50 PER DAY deposit that they require at check in, they didnt tell us, I had to go ask why there was an extraa $100 charged to my card.  The majority of things they advertise that they do/have they absolutely do not.  There is no doorman, so in order to get a taxi you have to go to the hotel across the street which kinda sucks.  Also, it is advertised that there is pool drink service which there is most certainly not.The pool is nice, but just like everything else outside of the lobby, it doesnt seem very well maintained. Needed a serious cleaning.  There are cabanas but not a lot of rhyme or reason with them. Tv's in some of them but they are all covered up.  The rooms.....   dirty, dark, not maintained.   The room was dirty, not sure if has been vacuumed for a while, drapes are hanging broken, shower and in room tub both filthy.   There is a desk in the room but no chair.  A couch that is dirty and has marks from someone leaving an iron on it. The first 2 electrical outlets I tried to plug my phone into were broken.  The latch on the interior door lock was broken.  There were magazines left in the room with gum stuck to the cover.  Marks and dings all over the walls and ceilings.  It takes an obscene amoint of time to begin getting hot water in the bathroom, have never experienced that in a hotel before. No matter how good the deal may have been here, its not worth it and ill never stay here again.
4	Pros: Relatively quiet location. Rooms were clean, decor modern. Housekeeping staff was extremely professional. Dog friendly is a plus. Hammocks and seating are fun. Cons: Front desk staff could be friendlier, when I asked about printing my boarding pass, front desk assistant rattled off the Email address, then seemed irked that I request she write it down for me. No mini fridge or coffee makers. Did not use pool but walked around it, looked attended to. Rooms have whirlpools, did not use our, though.
3	Stayed here as part of a room block for a bachelor/ bachelorette party. My initial reaction when I walked in was very positive. The decor in the lobby is very mod & inviting. White furniture with purple & silver accents!! Great combo. Check in was just ok. Definitely wasn't wow'd but this is coming from a girl who works the front desk of a large hotel chain lol so I might be a little biased, but I'm big on giving guests great check ins cuz that is what sets the tone of a guests experience. But I LOVED the decor in the room also. The shower was so amazing I nvr wanted to get out of it lol. The only thing that annoyed me abt the room was there was a lot of spots on the walls that had chipped paint. & it kinda changed my opinion of the whole level of quality for Rumor as a whole. Considering the standard nightly rate, chipped paint is not something you would expect at such an upscale resort boutique property. & it Only bothered me cuz the walls are painted this pretty deep purple, but then you have random white spots around the room it just came off slightly tacky, & it stood out like crazy. Another thing I didn't like, I understand the average temperature in Vegas is 200 degrees lol but I didn't like that the beds don't have comforters on them. It's literally only sheets. So if your like me & like to b warm at night, bring extra blankets from home. Overall, the rooms are a nice size & cute & cozy. We had 2 cabanas on Saturday & had a pool party. That was fun. The food & drinks were pretty good. Just be prepared if you order the truffle fries, they aren't your typical truffle fries. They're seasoned waffle fries with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on them. Still good but not what any of us were expecting. Would I stay here again?? Maybe not, only because it was just an ok stay. The decor is phenomenal & it's nice to be separated from the strip chaos but there was nothing abt it that made me want to rush back and book a future stay at this property. I'm glad we got a discounted rate for booking a block of rooms.
1	SEVERELY lacking in customer service. The AC unit broke in the room. I called to inform them and they said they would send someone to look at it. No one ever came. The following morning I woke up to the AC unit pouring down water all over my $300 phone. The charging port no longer works. I called and let them know and they offered me late check out. I let them know that that really didn't seem fair considering I now need to purchase a brand new phone. The receptionist said the manager wasn't in but she would have her/him call when the manager came in at 12. At 4pm I called and the same receptionist told me she told the manager and that he/she would be contacting me. She sounded very annoyed that I'd bothered to call again. I never received a call from the manager. Shocked that someone could care so little about their patrons. Very disappointing.
2	Great idea, but well used. Room was pretty thrashed. No remote for the TV or the AC. Phone didn't work. Had to go to front desk for help. Rates look great online, but when you check in they hit you with a $16 resort fee and you have to put up another $50 "deposit". So far we haven't gotten that back. Bartender was very friendly and gave us great service, which saved this from a 1 star rating. Probably wouldn't stay here again. Lots of angry customers with the front desk.
2	Most of the times when I see both negative and positive feedback, I still want to try. So we did. We are checking out to spend 2nd night in the different hotel...When I say that my wife is pregnant, but you still give me smoking room with huge air conditioning unit under us / you are not listening to me.
5	I have had two great stay experiences at this hotel.My first stay was on my 22nd birthday in 2012 which was not off to the best start. I ended up going to bed early *sigh* and my two other friends went down to the small bar in the lobby. They made friends with the friendly bartender and demanded I get my butt down there. The bartender loaded me up with a few beers and unlimited shots of jager for my birthday to cheer me up (success). It ended up being one of the best nights I had, laying out in the hammocks meeting people and having a great time. The place is low key, almost palm spring esq resort style. The pool is a regular generic pool, but nice. You have beautiful palm trees, and of course the awesome hammocks. The room layouts are spacious, and nicely decorated. Yes this is an older building, but they did a great job decorating.My second visit was June 2014. We had sat in traffic all day due to an accident, and finally arrived in the evening to check in to just the normal average room. We get there, and they upgrade us to the huge suite (not even sure what it is called but the room is mainly red and black). The room was amazing and huge!!! This made every minute of sitting in traffic worth it. Not to mention the pricing for this hotel is fairly decent.- good customer service- located off the strip, but not too far at all (less then $10 cab ride or 10 minute walk)- food located next door, and across from the hardrock- free parking- cheap! remember you get what you pay for but this is definitely bang for your buckI like being a way from the hustle and bustle but close enough to take a quick cab ride. plan to return soon :)
3	When you walk in the lobby, it definitely has that boutique feel to it. It's very cute. But once you actually get into the rooms, everything feels pretty cheap.  The rooms were clean and the hotel had a clean feeling to it too. We ate there on new years eve, and I didn't care for the food. If you are long for a cute place to stay off the strip though, give it a try.
3	Nice for a one night stay buy overall meh. Decor is modern and awesome but the room is basic. No fridge, comfortable bed, bathroom is somewhat small. Defiantly ask for a room with a balcony and go during the week when prices are cheap. Customer service was alright, we were thinking about extending because it's one of the few hotels that allows pets but the rate they quoted us was 3 times more than the cost on Expedia lol. Pool is really nice though!
2	I'm giving them a second star just because of the courtyard view. To start with positive, I liked the location; off the strip yet closed enough to get their in a few minutes. Right across the hard rock hotel and there is a CVS one block away...that's it!For the not so good:-We checked in on 9/18/14 and supposed to get a bottle a champagne which we never did. -After being out and going to bed pretty late we got woken up on Friday 9/19/14 super hot AC not working and dripping water from the ceiling right above us. When we called the front desk all we got was "oh someone will be up with keys to a new room" no apologies, no help offered to move our stuff, I mean it was 7am and we only had couple hours rest. After we moved we went to the front desk and said something, the only thing the girl could offer was to waive the resort fee for all 3 days. A whooping $35 for the inconvenience. We asked for the manager and every day from 9/19-9/21 we were told they were not on site and we will get a phone call upon his/her arrival...still waiting.-During the move we most have forgotten a phone charger in the previous room. We reported this on 9/19/14 and again were told maintenance/cleaning services will look and let us know. I had to go to the front desk 3x, always got the same response and honestly I don't think they ever looked. Finally during checkout the front desk girl said she didn't think they find it but she never bother to call us back with a response any of the 3 times she promised she would.I could really keep going but let's just say this place is a no no for me again.
4	The place is fine... While I was on the phone booking the hotel room I saw some of the negative reviews.  I asked about it... she had a good explanation.  The price was right and I didn't want to start all over, so I gave it a shot.  It was one mid-week night.  I was attending a trade show for work.The staff when I booked and checked in were delightful and an adorable puppy came in to the lobby while I was checking in.  The place is pet friendly.  The room was clean, modern decor, they gave me 2 bottles of water.  I passed on the bottle of champagne if you book directly.It's not the Wynn, you can hear planes in the morning (they don't fly at night), but the staff is helpful and nice and I slept very well.  The place is fine.
5	Kenny the bartender is the bomb.com. If you are looking for a vegas dirty secret.. Come see kenny at the Rumor bar. He has one of a kind drinks. He is the reason we will come back to this hotel. We arrived late (past 12am) and was not wanting to go to bed and he made our vegas experience worth it. If you dont want to sleep come to rumor and see kenny. He has the best drinks! I will be coming back to this hotel just for the great hospitality!!
1	Do not stay here! Place looks great on outside, but upon arrival no one helped us, front desk ladies were rude! Pool area is covered in cigarettes and old purple towels. The room had 1 working outlet and smelled like weed. This place has such possibilities if they would find a new owner, put money into it and get a new staff. Unfortunately, I don't have 1 good thing to say about our experience.
1	If you are looking to sleep at night while staying here, this is not the hotel for you.  If, however, you are the type of inconsiderate person that likes to yell, scream and generally make as much noise as humanly possible, at 1am, 2am, 4am, you have found your Shangri-La. I stayed here on 9/26/14. The rooms have a ghetto chic feel going for them, the type of room where you would imagine they film porn. There was a weird smell in the room, semi-musky, semi-chemical that took me till next morning to figure out what was causing it.   The air conditioner was dripping condensation onto the carpet, light and phone.  The smell of mold, and wet plastic/electronics was the answer to the smell.When I woke up, I found out that two cars where broken into during the night, thankfully it was not mine, but I felt terrible for the family that had their van broke into and all of their stuff taken.I will never stay here again, and will steer my friends clear as well.
2	The room was not real clean, I only slept there and showered, then left in the morning so it was a good place to crash. They gave free water which was nice of them.
5	We stayed at Rumor and came to the bar for some drinks. They turned out to be the best drinks we had all weekend! Kenny was our bartender and blew our minds with the fun and delicious concauctions he came up with. We had the panty dropper, Jameson martini, blueberry muffin shot, smores martini and the R Kelly. None of his drinks disappointed us! Next time we're in Vegas were coming to see you Kenny!
1	Had an amazing party nonetheless but the room was completely destroyed when we checked in! No toilet paper, broken couches, broken toilet seat, and a 550$ damage fee?! You've got to be kidding me! So ridiculous. The hotel lobby isn't even worth that much!
5	The hotel rooms weren't the best but Kenny at the bar was awesome. Super funny and nice and really knew his drinks and cared about his customers!!
5	The hotel was overall in good shape .I love the fact that they are pet friendly !!But I have to be honest what really made our  night was the bartender at night shift "Benny" I think his name is ! He totally got down with some exotic and delicious drinks for my GF and I !! He went out of his way to please us and make sure we had a good time !!!I totally re comment this place , is clean , near to the strip and good ambience !!!
1	The only awesome thing about this place is the fact that it's only across the street from the hard rock hotel and casino, where we were planning to attend a beer festival. We found this place on amazon local and thought it was a seemingly good deal relative to the photos and amenities promised on the website. Well yeah, the web site played it up far too much for what we got. The exterior of the hotel looked awful( as if it were neglected) , our room had random dings and cracks in the walls. The decor and theme would have made it look cool if they actually kept up with regular repair and cleaning. They seemed to have lied on their website because there was no mini bar or poolside bar (etc) which is frustrating. Service and "rules" were probably the most frustrating aspect of our stay at this hotel. They didn't allow for us to check in until 4 pm, although we wanted to check in at noon and accepted the early check in fee; first we were told come in at noon, then we were told that nothing would be available since they were "booked" up the previous night.Excuse me, but we made a reservation, accepted the fee, why can't you get on top of your customer service and make sure to get the room cleaned ASAP if we were willing to pay the fee? It's pretty interesting not being able to check in until 4 yet the check out time is no later than 11 am (Which also pretty lame). Also It just didn't seem to make sense to to me that if they were so booked and busy... Shouldn't they at least be able to afford and keep up with repair..?Lastly, the one cool thing that we thought would make our stay better was the pool and hammocks outside - it seemed like a nice place to unwind. However we were really in shock that the pool closed exactly at 9 pm... What kind of crap is that? The apartment complexes back home in Cali had their pools open until 10pm, but for a hotel "resort" in Vegas - LAS VEGAS -to close at 9pm?! Ridiculous. If you're thinking about staying here... Don't, the pictures and website give it waaaayyyy too much credit it doesn't deserve.
3	For the price ($90 on a Saturday night) this place is a good deal. It's about a 15 minute walk to the strip at a brisk pace, and isn't necessarily a "high end" hotel. The staff is super friendly, and when our room (which was adjoining for some reason) was too loud, they moved us without a hassle. Not the "Las Vegas" you would think of, but not a bad hotel either.
1	I will never stay here again!!!!! Very nasty place just filthy!!!!!!!You will leave with the itchy scratches
1	Unfortunately the Rumor boutique hotel did not meet up to my expectations. My expectations for this place were not high for I am familiar with what a boutique hotel is. The renovation that had been done on the hotel was quite flimsy. The sanitation standards were alarming. Lastly the customer service from the staff was not welcoming. I think the hotel has A lot of potential along with many areas to improve on.
3	Great place for the price. (I'm here for 8 days) The room was a little less than what I was expecting.. For example, there's no clock inside the room. Not even a hair dryer. The sheets all had this random black stains on them.. But I guess what can you expect for $30 a night. During the day, there's people with dogs running around, which is fine by me, but people need to learn how to pick up after their dogs here. You'll find poop everywhere. Like, no joke. Then I guess depending on the room, decides whether you get a fridge and microwave. My room, doesn't have any. You have to use a "community" fridge and microwave. Which isn't bad, but sometimes your stuff goes missing from the fridge from other guests. Other than that, it's not that bad of a place to stay. Just don't get that high of expectations.
3	I've stayed at many different hotels and casinos in Vegas. Usually when I visit alone I would stay here. (too dirty for my wife) Their price is unbeatable and the location and convenience were a major plus. BUT, this place has gone to the dogs... literally... They have this event called Yappy Hour. A bunch of dog owners bring their pets to wonder around and mingle all over the property. Some people might not care but I don't really enjoy sleeping in flea infested hotel rooms. MGM Signature is my new home away from home...
1	I initially booked a room at a specific rate with Bridget, then I received a promotion and a confirmation for a lower rate from Alicia.  Then, the GM Dillon called me and said he cannot honor the lower rate ... I've never had anyone in the hospitality industry refuse to honor an agreed-upon price and confirmation.  Additionally, they did not offer any accommodation for their admitted mistake.
1	Horrible place. Don't stay here. We booked 2 rooms and there were supposed to be joint rooms. But didn't happened. Anyways, the first night my friends bags were stolen from the ROOM !!! We told security and just looked at us confuse not knowing what to do. We have to tell him to call police and we need to file report. We had to take care of everything ourselves. Find out that the hotel give us the room with the window open and we didn't know. The manager was suppose to call us and never got a one call back. The hotel doesn't have cameras and security that doesn't help for sh*t. DONT STAY HERE !!!!
3	Ok. So this place was not as bad as the reviews sound but everyone has a different experience. If you're looking for a fancy hotel to get the Vegas experience, this is not the hotel for you but if you're looking for something that's somewhat close to the strip and cost-efficient this is the place for you.The video they have on their website makes the hotel look extravagant and while this place does look nice, it is not as fancy at is as it is portrayed in the video. CONS:For example, there's no one waiting for you at the front of the hotel. It does not take two minutes to be in your room. It's not the staffs fault for not being in our room promptly, it's the fact that the gates to enter into the room area did not work with our key and we had to try multiple doors to see which key opens the door. The "Jacuzzi" is a soaking tub with jets that do not work. There are some dings on the walls and the furniture but nothing too bad. The outside walls need to be repaired because there are cracks and metal bars exposed. PROS: Now onto the positives of this hotel. It is only about a $5-$10 drive to the strip. It is located across the hard rock Hotel which is nice. For the price you pay you get a decent room. They remodeled the bedrooms to make them look more modern. They have comfortable Hamic's in the courtyard. The courtyard itself was maintained and look nice. The staff was friendly and helpful.NEUTRAL:This place allows pets which may or may not be good depending if you are an animal lover. In our situation, we stayed in a room where there was a barking Chihuahua a couple rooms down and we could hear it barking throughout the night. there was no actual comforter,it was more like two thin sheets nicely placed and fitted. This is great if you are one of those people who like to sleep with a little bit of sheets but if you are one of the people that get cold and need something warm then this may not be ideal.They have free porn, but they are outdated;)All in all, I would stay there again. It's cost-efficient, a mile and a half from the strip, and the rooms are nicely decorated to give you that modern feel.
1	BEWARE OF THIS PLACE: I'm giving a one star since I wasn't yelping the first time I stayed at Rumor. So here goes my shpeal...October 2012 I stayed at the hotel and apparently there was a body building convention/party being held at the hotel (I would not consider this a resort by any means) and when I purchase my room and as well when I checked in I was not informed that there would be a special event that would disrupt the normal  functions of the hotel i.e. Pool access, restaurant, etc. I was denied access to the pool and told I'd need to pay the extremely high cover charge for the wrist band (shouldn't room purchase include a wrist band or at least a heads up about pool access charges). As well, I was denied usage of the restaurant do to them closing it down for the weekend event. When I confronted the front desk I was rudely treated and brushed off. My stay this recent time November 13 - 17 I stayed giving Rumor another chance thinking that maybe things were just tense previously due to the body building event. Well, that turned out not to be the case. Once again things just weren't to part in my opinion. Here's my opinion don't call a room a suite of it doesn't have a room separate from the bed. But at the least if you're going to call it a suite make sure everything in the room works. The window blinds were broke and laying on the floor. So after a shower I was giving everyone a nude show through the window. I called it in that night I checked in and was told someone would be over to fix it immediately (also bring me an additional pillow and blanket), needless to say no one ever showed up and when I called again to check on it no one picked up. On top of that the AC didn't work so there was literally no air circulation. I'm normally the type that doesn't complain about my hotel stays but my experience was just no where near close worth my money both times I stayed. So beware, they don't care how your experience turns out.
2	Was not what I expected. Room was cute kind of small. Does NOT have an iron or blow dryer in every room. No ipod dock. Airport is right there ao you hear planes all day and night. The gate next to our room kept slamming shut and making all kinds of noise. Staff was just 'ok' . They hold an extra $100 until you check out .. bathroom sink was taller than I am so that sucked...next time im staying on the strip! Oh...and the ice machine. ..broken
1	This hotel seemed very nice and like a great place to stay but after checking in I was very displeased, there was no valet we had to drive and park near the building where the room was located which was not clearly marked then we get to the room which looks nice but then we discovered that there was not a mini fridge and the nice young man who brought our bags to the room let us know that they could provide one for $10 a day, the room looked nice but there we're no blankets the beds were made up just with sheets, the sockets were loose, one of the bedside lamps was out, the shower had rust and leaked, no blow dryer, there was an iron that had something burned on it but no ironing board, there was a wedding so the kitchen was closed for room service as well as the hotel restaurant, the morning of check out there was a knock at the door and the person announced herself as housekeeping when we answered the door the woman claiming to be housekeeping was actually the hotel manager asking what time we were checking out, just rude and unprofessional, won't be staying here again
2	I stayed in 2011 and it wasn't bad, but nowhere near the best experience I have had in Vegas. In full disclosure, I don't like Vegas. I don't gamble, I don't like to pay double NYC prices for bottles, and I hate having to grease bouncers and door people to get into clubs.. For the price, it was pretty decent.
4	So..this Hotel is so co  #1 the people  here is so Kind and Nice  the bartenders are so cool My Room was so clean and nice for that price worth it, when I was there I when to a private Room And we had this crazy-great experience of a blind Dinner yes we had to seat in dark Room and they blindfolded us and we can't see our dinner and we have to guess what we eating  and at the end of the night the Chef  came with all the dishes we have tried was a grey Experince
2	I stayed here on September 2014. The two stars are for being pet friendly and how quickly they reimbursed us to check us out asap after we spotted and killed a HUGE bed bug. I'm more than convinced that the free porn channel 69 was supposed to make us feel better for the stains on the carpet and spiders in the restroom. The staff was too "friendly" which caught us a bit off guard but we just figured it was their way of showing that they are gay friendly. Soon as we walked into our room we noticed other guests looking into our room through the glass door giving us winks and weird smiles. After spotting a bed bug the following morning we checked out and then met with my niece who resides in Vegas. She was weirded out that I stayed there cause apparently they have a reputation of hosting swingers. Made a lot of sense thereafter.
1	WORST. HOTEL. EXPERIENCE. EVER. (and i've stayed at some crappy hotels in my time)I ended up at the Rumor Hotel with a comp stay for 2 nights. Seriously, someone should have paid me to stay there with what we had to endure. Honestly, I had a choice to stay here or a couple other hotels. And I should have known better than to base my decision solely on photos. The rumor looks nice... but looks can be deceiving. BROKEN HEATER during Thanksgiving weekend. Our room was probably 50 degrees and the damn heater didn't work. We called front desk and they sent someone up but he couldn't fix it. He said he'd have maintenance take a look the following day. We were out all day and didn't return to the room til later that night and it still wasn't fixed. NO BED COMFORTER??? After accepting we don't have a working heater, I turned to the warmth of a bed comforter only to realize it was missing! In it's place were 2 white sheets... really? We called front desk for a bed comforter and they brought us a thin cotton quilted blanket... really? I felt like we were camping, sleeping while dressed in layers upon layers of clothing.The bathroom has no fixtures for your towels. Where are you supposed to hang dry your towels???NO hotel checkout per TV... really??NO double pane windows. You can hear everything outside... the traffic on Harmon Ave... the airplanes flying over to/from McCarran Airport... people outside talking. NO 'Do Not Disturb' sign. I never realized how valuable this amenity was until I stayed at the Rumor. Sleeping in was not an option since maid service knocks on your door b'coz there's no way for them to know whether or not you need your room cleaned. Rude maid service. On our last day prior to check out. Maid service knocked on our door around 11am (check out time). I asked her to come back later and she straight up said, "No! It's check out time." I explained to her that we requested late checkout... I don't know how or if Rumor keeps their staff informed of guests stay duration and/or who requested late check out, but this lady was in the dark and her response was very rude. No customer service personality at all. Fortunately, this was my only encounter with unfriendly staff.  OLD Hotel... the hotel structure is really old and hasn't been upgraded in quite awhile... this becomes apparent when you stay there. Our room was 2 doors down from an entrance/exit door. Every time someone opened that door, our room door would shake.... each time, it always sounded as though someone was trying to open our door. Rumor makes Motel 6 look good!
4	This is our first stay here.  Its off season so we were given a free upgrade and some other niceties for booking directly through the hotel. This is a boutique hotel... not a full blown resort some the amenities are limited.  Its fairly quiet here...except for the the airplanes flying overhead, constantly.  Had I known it was so close to the take off strip we may have considered another place. Everyone has been very nice. If you have really high expectations (especially for the price) then stay somewhere else. The previous comments obviously came from someone with high expectations and a beer budget. Our room is lovely and is perfect for our little 2 night stay.
1	Pricy (unexplainable hotel fees), dirty (pubic hair in the bath from last occupant), fallen apart (the ac never worked). Stay away from this place
1	The absolute worst experience - beyond horrible - room was not ready at 8:00 at night remote missing don room - heater didn't work on a night of 30 degrees and not even a blanket in the bed - tried to reach the front desk and no one answers the phone so went there and the front desk tells me only housekeeping can give blankets and they are there during the day - obviously no one checks and the rest don't care  - this is absolutely the worst experience ever run away from this place
2	OK where do I begin,I'll give the place a three for there efforts to correct everything wrong here. We arrived at our room a "king suite". The room was decorated well but the cleaniness was subpar. The tub was scratched with black marks and best of all the heater did not work. It looked as if they attempted to replace this wall heater because the stucco was not painted to match the wall. There was no coffee maker and did Imention that it was about 39 degree outside and in the room, and just to recap the heater did not work :) Thank God for a blow dryer.We were moved to an "upgraded" room called the "swingers room". It was an ok room if you are in to the 50 shades of Grey type thing. Here is the issue with this room I'm here now writing this review listening to the annoying sound of planes fly overhead, I can hear everything above me from my neighbors, the people in the hall, and outside. The remotes were not working and still no coffee maker to make a warm drink in this cold weather. The hotel has an OK concept but right now it is the equivalent to a trashy whore playing dress up as a class act.
5	Well as a Las Vegas local I have been to multiple lounges around town. Now as far as the hotel it's not that bad and it's a nice low key of the grid spot. However the bartender Kenny is by far the most talented bar tender I've come across. He's a true Union bartender and mixologist. This guy takes drink creation to a level that's not even something I see in the highest end clubs in town. Aside from his talents he's great to have a laugh with. Definitely my favorite place to come after a night of hoping to relax and have a few prohibition cocktails. Do yourselves a favor order a French 75, thank me later!
5	Delicious, creative, and fun cocktails are what Kenny serves at the Rumor Hotel's lobby bar. Relax and enjoy your time at this special place.
1	My stay was terrible. I checked into my room and it was a sauna. I requested a different room because the air didn't work, but none were available (they had already upgraded my room because it was overbooked and were too cheap to provide a further upgrade). Luckily I had planned to go out and was not staying in the room at that time as it was uninhabitable. I requested a room change but was refused. She had maintenance fix the air conditioner and it rattled all weekend. Guests should be informed that the "soaking" tub, is just that and should be advised that the jets do not work and will in fact spray water everywhere. When I informed the front desk at check out her response was to the tone of "duh its a soaking tub they're not supposed to work". The tub stopper didn't work either so best I could do was leave the water running and soak my feet; no I didn't call maintenance. There's nothing worse than having to rearrange your stay to accommodate time for maintenance to fix things that should be working at check-in.The price is a bit high for the off-strip location. Might be ok if you get a well-maintained room.
1	DON'T STAY HERE IF YOU LOVE YOUR PET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Me and my husband stayed here 12/27/2014 and our beloved family dog went missing being gone from the room for just an hour granted he is a very smart dog and let himself out of the room but they employee's saw him in their courtyard some said for almost an hour and didn't even notify the lobby to find out which guest he belonged to and to make it even worse one of the men that worked there told me husband he let the dog out of the iron gates of the courtyard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       So then we were searching the streets of Las Vegas all night long looking for our dog which they didn't help with at all nobody even offered to look,  so needless to say we never even slept in the room because we were looking for our dog and while I'm crying and calling out for my dog several of the employee's showed their unprofessionalism by Laughing at me including their Security!!!!!!!!     WE WERE VERY LUCKY TO HAVE FOUND OUR DOG BUT IT WAS WITH NO HELP FROM THESE PEOPLE IF ANYTHING THEY MADE MATTERS WORSE AND BESIDES THAT WE WERE CHARGED A PET FEE EVEN AFTER THEY HELPED OUR DOG LEAVE THEIR ESTABLISHMENT AND CHARGED FOR A ROOM WE WERE IN FOR AN HOUR!!!!!!!!!!  PLEASE STAY AT ANOTHER HOTEL OR DON'T BRING YOUR PETS WITH YOU BECAUSE THEY CERTAINLY WILL NOT CARE IF HE/SHE GOES MISSING.   OH, ALMOST FORGOT IT WAS 40 DEGREES OR LESS AT THIS TIME AND WE DIDN'T EVEN RECEIVE A BLANKET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Got three stars because two of the lambs were broken, no tv remote on one of the tv, hottub doesn't work inside the room, and not enough towels. The pool was heated but the hot tub was nice and comfortable warm temperature.  Service was great. Pretty decent for vegas. The furniture were modern and up to date. Tv could be bigger tho.  After all we enjoyed our stayed.
