4	aw more memories!  many a very early morning / late night meal at ritters... food was always yummy...
5	Come for the drama between the waitresses in nurse scrubs, stay for the food. All the drunk people are an added bonus. What a great diner. No matter who you are, your name is always "hon", and you food is always greasy-tastic. Mmm.  Grease-tastic. The fact that the owner/manager looks just like Ted Danson's old coach from "Cheers" is tremendous.
3	I really wanted to  give this a great review, because I have very fond memories of this place when I was a kid with my mom and also when I was in my early 20's hitting this place after 3 AM.  Alas,  I went there this morning and found out it really is just your typical greek diner with a giant menu.  I give it kudos for the jukebox on the tables (Sopranos finale style) and I thought our server was great.  She easily had been doing this for 40+ years.  The atmosphere is good just like any other diner you would go too.  I was here this morning with my friend Fiona and we both needed a hearty breakfast to help with our recovery from the prior night.  The coffee was good and plentiful.  We never had less than half a cup.  I had two poached eggs and white toast.  The eggs were poached perfectly and the bread was appropriately soaked with butter.  All in all this was pretty good.  My bacon was also fine with three healthy strips.  However, Fiona was less lucky.  She had a veggie omelette which was average at best, size doesn't matter with respect to omelettes I'd rather less eggs, but super beaten so the omelette is light.  The veggies were plentiful, but I'd prefer the veggies lightly sauteed, so texturely there isn't such a difference from the eggs to the vegetables.  The sausage was good, but cold.  She asked for crispy bacon and it wasn't crispy at all, in fact it was exactly the same doneness as mine.  The homefries were okay, but I prefer a little more crust on the potatoes.  I'd say this is a perfectly acceptable diner, but I'd recommend you'll enjoy your meal much better if it's at 2 AM in the morning as opposed to 10 AM on a saturday when most of your whits are about you and your palate is not dulled from the Tequila.
2	Great place to go if you need grease and carbs to soak up all of the drinking you've been doing!  Many a late night was spent eating grilled cheese with tomato on rye and fries, and only a few nights in the parking lot hanging onto the light pole for dear life while hurling up that last stoli v and ginger!  A great place to be drunk in, not so great to be hung over in...  They have your typical greasy spoon fare, so don't go if you're concerned about your health.  Otherwise, eat on brave soul, eat on!
5	Ritters can best be described as classic.  I have been avoiding this place because the last time I was here - it was smoking - and this place was a smokey diner.  But on Sunday we wanted breakfast and it was after 2pm so Ritters was really the only choice.  Glad I returned - much better that I remember.  This is a diner, with diner food and diner prices.  But I still think it deserves 5 starts because it does a great job of just being Ritters.  I could reiterate why it is a classic but the other reviews do a great job of detailing why Ritters is Ritters.
1	I've only been here after 2 AM, and it's always been a flaming trainwreck of an experience.I've had to figure out if the waitresses were doing this as a halfway house job, I've had staff members not apologize while picking pieces of steel wool and green plastic scrubber out of my food, and I've witnessed an armed robbery.  The food is decent, for the hours they're open.  Try Tom's Diner or Eat 'n Park instead.  Heck, go to a grocery store instead.
3	I don't know what it is (certainly not the food) but I love this place!Perhaps it's the individual juke boxes, the pie, the sassy waitresses, the 24 hour availability, or the fact that everything here seems to be a hang over cure but I just can not get enough!I used to live up the street from here and this was definitely my weekend morning hot spot! The food is pretty standard diner food. I've never come here late at night (and probably wouldn't want to) but in the mornings Ritter's is definitely a fantastic spot.
4	A Pittsburgh classic.  Many, many late nights have I spent here, post strike party, or any other type party, eating the grease necessary to fight off the hangover I deserved the next day.  The waitresses are part of the ambiance.  Love their Reuben.
4	Okay, the food isn't wonderful -- but, it's pretty good AND it's cheap! I must admit I always stick with the breakfast-y menu items, but I'm such a fan of this place!You gotta appreciate Ritter's being open 24 hours. Where else in Pittsburgh can you go at 2 AM and get some comfort food (or something to sober you up)? I've been here at all hours of the day, and the crowd is always interesting... and so are the waitresses.  Ah, I love it! There's just something special about Ritter's.
3	Five adults, including three not-small men piled into a Honda Civic on the way to breakfast one Saturday morning.  This had better be good, I thought as we bumped along...Ritters is a good place to go when other highly attended brunch locales are going through their mid-morning rush as it has two large dining areas to seat customers.  You will definitely get seated and served faster.The food was good, better than the crappy dinner experience I thought I was going to receive--as Ritters just kind of exudes a 'here-I-am-take-it-or-leave-it' diner kind of vibe.  It wasn't amazing, but it was good.Also, I paid for three of the breakfasts (myself and the two larger of the men) and somehow none of us went hungry and the bill was just $15 and some change--for three people!  I even had some food left on my plate.Our server wasn't awesome...she was clearly unhappy to be receiving another table (I'm not assuming, I overheard her say it to another server).  However, she got the job done I suppose (in terms of water glass refill).Ritters is CASH ONLY so make sure you bring yours! (or someone else who wants to buy you breakfast)
4	Ritters is, for me, the definition of a diner.  If you go early an old grandmother will serve up a sloppy egg breakfast on plates that you can't be sure if they've been washed more than twice.  Go late night and you can join drunk college kids and "the ladies of the evening", just be warned that someone may have painted a section of the restroom with a fine layer of regergitated food ("hey, is that creamed corn").Say what you will about Ritters, it is a place full of character and full of characters.  Not to be missed.
4	Quintessential diner complete with in-booth mini-jukeboxes, waitresses in diner aprons and cheap, good, simple food.Go early, go late, go REAL late - it's ALWAYS open.Located on the borders of Shadyside, South Oakland, Friendship and Bloomfield it serves the likes of college students as well as the eldery.Used to live around the corner from it and went weekly.
3	Conveniently across the street from UPMC Shadyside hospital.  Great service and down home atmosphere is hard to beat. Had the liver and onions which came with choice of potatoes, veggies, and a hard roll. Normal person portions and with a coffee came to less than ten bucks. Food wasn't anything to right home about, but a nice experience, convenient location, and open 24 hours. Cash only, but there is an ATM machine.
3	Rittes is a classic old style diner in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh.  It has great diner food and of course great breakfast.It has been a well know sober-up place for years.
4	24-hour diner.  The food isn't overwhelmingly good.  It's been around for a long time.  Anytime is a good time to eat there.  Go after 2 and watch the drunks stumble through their meal.  Go in the morning and catch some early birds or old regulars scarfind down a cheap breakfast.  The servers are as pleasant as one can be when working at a 24 hour diner.  It's near UPMC Shadyside, located close enough to Oakland, and right by Bloomfield.
3	This is a nice dive diner, great if you need food in the middle the night. It definitely has a kitschy old-school ambiance, perfect for the hipster set Or the actual, old-school set.The side salad that came before the entree was regrettable and superfluous, though I wasn't expecting much in the first place. It was definitely pre-mixed long before we arrived, which wouldn't have been bad except they also mix in the croutons, were become gross and soggy after sitting in a bowl of salad.My fried chicken was excellent. Perfectly crisp with a great batter, and not too salty. I had home fries on the side which were well cooked but very much under-seasoned. The service was rather basic and inattentive, but you can't expect much more from a place like this. All in all we enjoyed our visit and we'll be back when we need some late night comfort food.
4	This place lives up to the true, old diner standard, with friendly waitresses who call everyone "hon", jukeboxes at each table, and greasy spoon food that arrives at the table mere moments after it's ordered.Regardless of the time of day I visit, I've always eaten breakfast at Ritter's, and it's always been good.Around 1:00 AM, the after-bar crowd shows up, and around 5:00 AM, the plumbers and handymen arrive.  It's always people-watching time at Ritter's.
2	The food isn't something to rave about but it's edible. I love the fact that they offer fried green tomatoes and grape leaves. I have only been to (C)Ritters for late night munchies and that also happens to be when Pittsburgh's finest come out to play. Never a dull moment.
4	I used to live around the corner from this place and worked across the street at the hospital. Ritters is a great 24/7, greasy spoon diner with adorable vintage juke boxes at the booths, waitresses who have been there forever and patrons who have been lifers as well. Its certainly not a place to go for health food or fine cuisine, but its great breakfast food and even greater place to be for late night, after the bar, drinking.
4	I'll be the first to admit: don't come here for the food. It is not for those with delicate sensibilities or a snobbish palate. That said, I love Ritters. Its a Pittsburgh classic (my parents used to eat here) and is pretty much the standard place to go after emerging from an East End dive bar covered in sweat and cigarette smoke, drunk, and seeking some greasy awfulness. The clientele can get belligerent but I think this is all part of the fun. Its a Den of Shame - bask in it, put something on the jukebox, and relax...or don't go here.
5	my friend and i came around 10:15 one night to grab a bite to eat.  the diner was pretty empty, and we were seated next to a couple who could speak russian spanish and english ("vanderful!") this place does serve the typical diner food, and with a decent quality, actaully.  the server (i wish i had gotten her name, but i'm sure she's the main one there) was extremely friendly, saying "you're welcome" every time i said "thank you", and making sure that our water cups remained full.when I ordered my burger that ordinarily came with fries, i was telling my friend that i was craving hash browns. so when i ordered a side of hash browns, she kindly offered me to allow me to substitute my fries for their hash browns. it was wonderful!  we looked through their jukebox playlist, and there were quite a few good tunes available, albeit it costs 50 cents a play (i think), which is very very pricey for a jukebox.our food came out quickly, the receipt was given to us at the table, and we went up to pay. i left a tip at the cashier, who immediately called the waitress over, who took it and said thank you to us. 3.5-4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the wonderfully courteous staff! yes i know that it doesn't add up to 5, but so much the better!
2	Finding a good ol' diner in Pittsburgh isn't exactly easy. Pamela's has great breakfast, but is in no sense a diner, and there are many good sandwich shops, but once again, they aren't diners.Having only been there once so far, my review may be a little skewed. The restaurant has the diner feel, no doubt. There are jukebox machines at every table up front and the decorations harken to the setting of a greasy spoon restaurant.It was busy when we went, so the food took a while. The wait seemed longer than it should have been, but as I said, the place was packed and it was exactly lunchtime. On the menu it stated that they used "premium maple syrup", but I'm pretty sure I just got corn syrup in a cup. The coffee was somewhat watery but still alright.I ordered the french toast with eggs and bacon, all of which was rather bland (Except the bacon, a meat which has some inherent godliness to it. You can't mess it up). Basically, it seemed like a meal I could have whipped up lazily on my own, and in less time. The bread for the french toast was plain white toast and I normally prefer a better bread. The eggs were eggs: good without any pizzazz.While Ritters is cheap, from my small sampling, I found the food boring. Most good diners have some excellent menu item, and perhaps I drew the short straw. I might return to Ritters later, but it's certainly not the diner I'm looking for.
3	Was in the neighborhood, and decided to stop at Ritters for a late breakfast. Parking isn't fun since it's either on wild Baum Blvd. or parking in the Ritters cramped lot across from the diner. We hit the 11:00 crowd, but were seated in under 5 minutes. The waitress was friendly, even though she was keeping up with a few other tables in the section. I got the 'new' Greek gyro omelete which was good, the homefries were standard potatoes, a little bland, but okay. The vanilla milkshake was great, and was exactly what you'd find in an old diner. The wait for the food wasn't too bad, considering the crowd size, and the food was good, nothing too extraordinary.
3	Great place to go at 3 am when your hammered and just want some food. Ritters only takes cash and the service can be extremely terrible sometimes. However, they are open 24 hours and will serve you breakfast. I think they've seen enough of their share of drunken idiots like us that they're used to it by now. Oh. Did I mention that they are open 24 hours. AWESOME!
2	At 2am on a weekend night, the clientele is colorful, the service friendly and the food...well just forget about the food.  The food ranges from mediocre to bland.  Just be grateful there is a colorful place to go for a late night meal.
4	good drunk food.  even better hangover food.  sweet scrubs on the waitresses.  cash only. also, once, this other guy eating at the bar gave me a free magazine about criminals from the 1900s (in other words: quality people).
3	Ritter's is amazing- for what it is: A big, Greek-ish, old fashioned  greasy spoon diner with A LOT of character.  Granted I have been and will only go here for a weekend breakfast, (or maybe I would go after a night of drinking- since it is open 24 hours.)  It is also walking distance from my house- so that makes me a little bias.  I always order a Greek omelet of some sort, and eat half of it and am stuffed, so take the other half home.  The servers have all been there for awhile I'm sure- but are still friendly and not too bitter.OK greasy spoon diner- especially because I can walk there.
5	i have grown to love thee!!always spot on ! always a seat ! no wait!really have been going there a ton as of late and cannot complain.the bill is always under 20 bux for 2 people !
4	Oh, local greasy spoon... I'm so torn on how to write this review. If I were reviewing you on the atmosphere alone you would definitely get a big hefty 5 stars. The people watching is second to none and at any time of day since you're open 24/7. The staff is probably a 3 as I've had less than stellar service here on more than one occasion.The food. Hmmm. Well, it's dinner food. The breakfast is right on par with what one would expect from a diner like this. It's far from good for you and generally sits in your gut like a cinder block. It's not BAD by any means though. Also you only take cash and have one of the shadiest ATM machines I've ever seen...I'm going to go with a middle ground, dear Ritter's Diner, and give you a 4 stars. You're local, you're not a disgusting chain restaurant, and you've always been pretty good to me.
4	This is an institution.  I hit the counter with a 15 minutes window - ordered two eggs over, hash browns and dry rye- 5 min later- bingo and the hot sauce was waiting.  I llike the Greek items- the cheap prices and the open 24 hours- the cranky servers are the best and worst of Pittsburgh
3	Any establishment that's open 24 hours gets bonus points in my book.  It's my firm opinion that any business that serves customers on a walk-in basis should be open 24/7.  I mean, yeah, there's that circadian rhythm thing that keeps every business from having the graveyard shift, but I'm sure we're only a couple decades away from curing the need for sleep.  Point is, Ritter's is 24 hours, and as a result it's been a standby ever since I moved into town.The food at Ritter's is definitely better than what you'll get at a Denny's or a King's.  It isn't top-shelf, artisan food, but it is pretty good diner food.  Ritter's is also a great place to go hang out with a few friends late at night, and BS over coffee when you're just not feeling going to a bar and blowing mad cash on drinks.  Or for stopping by after you've already blown your mad drink cash.The waitresses are nice.  The fellah who usually rings us out was really rude to me at least once.  I think he was the owner or manager or something, too.  But I'm not really sure.The place is cash-only, too, which sucks.  However, the fact that they're cash-only leads to a really encouraging story about the place: one time the ATM did something wacky and I thought I may have been charged without having received my cash.  The waitress took down my name and phone number, which I thought was just to get me to stop complaining, but sure enough someone called me the next day and gave me the run-down on what had happened.  I'd call that good service.If it's late and you're peckish, don't forget that Ritter's is open.
1	Worst food in Pittsburgh. That's all. I have been there twice, never my choice, I had tummy ache both times. I think the food is boring. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with non-gourmet food, but Ritter's, is just "blah". It also was an unclean feel at times when you are seated and you look around. They are cash only also. That doesn't both me at Pamelas, because the food is oh so delish. Here, you are just wasting you apetite on food that has TONS of rooms for improvement.
1	I live off of Liberty Ave and everyone kept telling me I needed to try this place, so after 4 months I did.  When my wife and I walked in I thought, this place doesn't look too bad, actually kinda cool.  WRONG!  After being seated it probably took 5 minutes for the waitress to come over and another 5 minutes for our coffee to get to the table.  Our food took about 45 minutes, which is absolutely ridiculous for standard breakfast, but I though, everyone thinks this place is great, I guess I can wait for perfection. The food gets to our table, it looks good, it looks like breakfast, but it is cold, well mine was cold.  So I'm sitting at the table, empty coffee, cold breakfast and quite pissed off, because of the situation and I'm hungry.  Finally after about 10-12 minutes the waitress comes by and asks how everything is, I tell her my food is cold, and I'm fine and don't need another plate, we had already been there over an hour, we had placed to go, ya know.When the waitress brings the bill over she doesn't just tell me she took my food off, she says, I figured I would take the food off even though you didn't ask (really?  should I have to?).Wife's food was hot, but she thought it to be just average breakfast.I never want to go back, but I will, because I always give places another shot.Terribly slow service (server was very nice though, probably home from college), and food took forever.  I doubt this place puts out cold food on a regular basis, because this place wouldn't be so packed and highly regarded.
3	It's hard not to give this place and extra star just for sentiment. Honestly Ritters is a favorite of mine. I love diner food. If you're looking for a late night, drunken fourth meal, this is your place. If you just want a no frills, greasy spoon, Saturday brunch, Ritters is there for you.This place is blocks from where I live which makes it even better for me, and it is open 24 hours! One of the only places in town, or at least on the East End that holds that title. Perfect for those of us that frequent Bloomfield, Shadyside and Lawrenceville for late night fun. I can't tell you how many times in group of friends looking to satisfy their drunk munchies (or otherwise) in the wee hours that RITTERS!! is shouted. It's there, it's open and ready to serve you anything from it's extensive menu of diner food. It's also good anytime, to go in and watch the old yinzers on a Saturday morning, drink their coffee, read the paper and just being so Pittsburgh. Served by waitresses in their nurse scrubs that always call you 'hun.'The food - I have never had a problem with the food. I love breakfast and I don't think I have gotten anything else here. I think maybe my sunnyside eggs were undercooked once - but that has happened to me at really nice restaurants too, and eggs just seem to be something that is done wrong fairly often. I think their hotcakes are pretty darn good and that is my go-to meal. A great hangover cure, always.
3	Sometimes at four in the morning you need a place to eat, and, for that purpose, Ritters does its job. Otherwise the food is pretty mediocre. Remember if you can after a long night out that this establishment is cash only. You are never going to get great service here, and for the most part at night when the entire place is packed full of belligerent drunks why should you? The waitstaff does their job: takes orders, brings out the food, and refills your drinks, but don't expect much more and surely don't expect to have all your requests pampered. I feel bad for the waitstaff who have to deal with drunks all night, especially on the weekend.This is a Pittsburgh landmark, nice diner vibe, and a place where I will always have great memories. Though the food is pretty mediocre and slightly overpriced for the quality I will always keep coming back here out of nostalgia.
2	2.5 but I rounded down.This is not a place you go to eat out but it's rather a emergency stop when you have no other place to go perhaps 4 in the morning. Cash only. Doesn't separate the check so if you are eathing with somebody else figure it out among yaselves.I'm not a big fan of diner's and haven't been to one so I don't have anything to compare to but like I said, if you have nowhere else to go you might try this one.Food is ok. It's like the food that a mom who doesn't care for cooking cooked. I don't want to be too mean. Waitresses are friendly. They are dressed up in scrubs like nurses.
4	I will always love this place, mostly because it is one of the few places open 24 hours a day where I can always get a bacon cheeseburger regardless of the hour.  The price is always right, too.  Highly recommended! Cash only but they do have an ATM inside. If you need separate checks be sure to mention it up front, though. Our waitress was a tad rude when we asked her to split the cost at the register because she had already added it up and when she gave us change didn't even give us small bills.  I might have cared more if the food wasn't always so delicious.
4	We came here for a casual brunch and were pleasantly surprised. Service was slow as we expected, but we weren't really expecting much so I guess it didn't make that much of a difference. They didn't have the fried green tomatoes that we wanted to try...oh well. The food we did get made up for our brief disappointment. We had the greek hobo omelette (how could you not want to try something called a greek hobo omelette??) with feta cheese, as well as a stack of buckwheat pancakes. The omelette was really flavorful, and actually tasted like a greek gyro as stated in the description, especially with the yummy tzatziki sauce. The home fries were awesome - perfectly crispy browned layer. Buckwheat pancakes were pretty decent as well, and the syrup was nice and buttery. We left glad that we had decided not to wait in line at Pamela's!
3	Ordered the 2 eggs and potatoes which was only $3.85...DEAL!  I asked for the eggs to be scrambled and it came with home fries and toast.  I know my meal wasn't that exciting and can you really mess up eggs, toast or potatoes?!?!The eggs and toast were fine - something I could've made at home.  But the home fries left something to be desired.  They had no flavor - it's like someone boiled some potatoes and slapped them in a pan and served them on a plate.  I put some salt and pepper on them, but it didn't really help - it's like the potatoes were determined to be tasteless.  I ate a few forkfuls and just gave up.  I came here for a meeting in the morning and it wasn't crowded.  Looked like there were some regulars but fairly low key.  I could definitely see how peeps who come here after a night of being out.  I'm not sure that I'd make it a point to go to Ritters unless it was a night out and I needed a place open 24 hours.  They are CASH only!
4	Not bad not bad at all, went on a late sunday morning and it seemed it would be too busy to get us in and out fast. Just as we were walking out the door an older gentlemen ushered us in and right to a seat. The cash only sign almost scared us off. Anyway food is typical diner food I had a bacon egg and cheese bagel sandwich and it was fine for the price 5.85 with home fries. Waitresses were very attenative with coffee and water refills and brought us our food quickly. You can't always get nice service in busy places so that was a big plus. I can tell this has been Pittsburgh oldie for a while, its not a new age vegan vegetarian friendly joint. although several vegetarian options (with egg) on the omelette portion of breakfast menu. Also several greek american type salads and dishes (gyros) if you're into that. If you're looking for a cheap greasy nostalgia this is it, if you're seeking a spectacular garlic potato, red roasted peper and asiago cheese omelette you're not gonna find it here. I liked the people owner and wait staff and food is decent so I gave it four. Sometimes you have to know what you came for and just be happy with that :)
2	I can't really give a food review since I didn't order anything, but there is a reason why I didn't order anything.My brother and his friends had the midnight munchies after the whole pub crawling. Being the responsible little sister, I "chaperoned" the boys and went the Ritters with them. I wasn't in the mood to eat after midnight, but that's not the reason why I didn't order anything. The reason why I didn't get anything was because when we walked in the diner, I looked at the variety of dishes other patrons ordered and felt slightly sick to my stomach. Must've been my inner conscious that the food is bad news and I guessed correctly. My brother had the Arcadian burger and by sunrise, his stomach didn't settle well. Had no desire to eat throughout the day.Trust your eyes, nose, and instinct. It's most likely right.
3	Oh, Ritters. I'd actually give this place a 3.5. The food is nothing special...just basic, greasy, diner food. The rating is not for the food, or for what the places looks like or feels like. This rating is for what Ritter's REPRESENTS. Ritters represents late nights after the bar with friends. Ritters represents the meal that will soak up the alcohol and save you from a wicked hangover. Ritters represents 3AM with your friends, not because anyone is particularly hungry for chicken tenders, but because the bars are closed and no one is ready to go home quite yet. The laughter and fun shared at late night at Ritters can be replaced by nothing else. If you are looking for awesome food, you will be disappointed. If you are looking for standard, 24 hour diner food and an awesome place to people watch once the bar doors close, this is your place. It is so awesome to see all of the club goers pile into Ritters after dancing on a dark dance floor....hair a mess, mascara looking more like a raccoon than the model they were just a few hours ago and limping in those fierce heels they thought looked SO cute when they hit the dance floor. This place is an institution among those who spend their early/mid twenties in the Oakland/Shadyside/Bloomfield area. If you haven't spent a late night at Ritters, you are missing out.
4	Although it's called a diner, it's much larger than that.  It's open 24/7 and has a full menu.  Tough to fault, especially with good food.
3	Do you need a place to soak up the alcohol after a long night of drinking?  Do you like being served by a grizzled waitress in a nurse's top who has smoked a pack a day since she was 12?  Do you enjoy old school diners and mediocre food at low prices?  If you answered "yes" to any of these questions, Ritters is the place for you!  The PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I have eaten there a few times, but those times were really out of desperation because nothing else was open.  Given all the food selections in the area, I can safely say that Ritter's isn't the #1 choice for most people, but it fits the bill when you need something hot to eat.  I'm sure the PIC and I will find ourselves back there before too long.
4	Fantastic service, incredibly inexpensive, surprisingly tasty - that pretty much sums it up. As long as you come here knowing it is a cheap diner and not expecting something different, you will enjoy your experience. I had the spinach and feta omelet with tomato, which came with a side of hashbrowns. Each of these was great.
4	Iconic diner so I've been told and the proof for me today was the fact that the parking lot was packed and there were at least 10 of us standing outside in line waiting IN THE RAIN for our turn at breakfast!  That says something either about the diner or about us (nevermind).The line went fast and we had friendly and efficient service from our server, typical diner fare and what I expected.  It filled my stomach and I was happy.  I ordered french toast, bacon and orange juice -- nothing fancy.Note that they do not take credit cards.
4	Ritter's will never be a fine dining establishment. It will always be a diner. It will always be a standby. It will always be home-cooked, open and ready to accept you regardless of the time of day or the day of the week. All that is truly required is that you find one item on the menu that you really enjoy. For me, that one item is the Grilled Chicken Breast Dinner. I almost always get this item with the veggie of the day, sliced tomatoes or sliced cucumbers. It always tastes good and it never breaks the bank. Sometimes I might get breakfast, but usually it is the grilled chicken breast.Everyone should try Ritter's at least once.  They only accept cash, but they do have an ATM present at the entry. Every now and then, I do allow myself to order a slice of the freshly made banana cream pie. Wow...it is tasty.
5	Classic diner. Great cheap options. Definitely plan on going back.
2	The food at Ritter's tastes like I made it at home, and this is not an endorsement.  I had the feta and tomato omelet, and it tasted skunked, like it had just been cooked in a dirty skillet.It's a dirty diner with meh food, but it is open 24 hours.  If you're drunk, I bet the foood is great.
3	I have mixed feelings about Ritters. I love it's location and of course the fact it's open 24/7 but you don't quite get what you pay for, compared to other diners. I do however love their pie! I got the strawberry shortcake and it was very large and delicious, definitely recommend.
3	I'm a huge fan of diners and all their fat-filled-breakfast-food glory. However Ritters has left me doubting my borderline obsession. I got the buckwheat pancakes (apparently their specialty) - while they were fluffy and gargantuan the pancakes themselves were nothing to be desired. This place is convenient, cheap, and open 24/7 so if you're in an altered state of mind stumbling around Oakland at 3 in the morning Ritters may be the place for you! Otherwise just go to bed. But the service there was nice enough - remember to tip well!
3	Late nite meal. Gyro was a bit dry. Coleslaw and fries were great. Rice pudding was great.
5	They don't take credit cards (cash only), but damn do they have some good food! The server we had was funny as hell. It's just a good old fashioned diner that's open 24/7/365, and you can have whatever's on their menu 24/7/365! lol.Early one recent morning (still getting caught up on reviews!), I had their fried chicken, and it was excellent. Moist and flaky. I loved the Strawberry Shortcake too. The portions are huge! We didnt find the place to be dirty when we came. They have their own free parking lot and have an ATM inside.
4	If I had to give you just one reason to return to this establishment it would be that they have table jukeboxes. Filled with ridiculous music that of course you want to listen to. Fifty cents a play and it only takes quarters. It's easy to have your own little dance party in the booth.As many have said before, cash only. So if you don't already have your cash or stopped at an ATM, no need to worry there is an ATM right as you walk in.  Not sure if its like this all the time, but it's a seat yourself type of establishment.  When we were there the place wasn't too busy and easy to run for the one server manning the floor.  I love the fact that the server wears scrubs being in close proximity to Shadyside hospital (of course don't expect surgery here).The place is set up like a classic diner inside with the addition of some late model wood paneling. It's hideous, and I love it. From the booths to the counter seats (where I assume you have to be a regular to sit there). Even the desert case at the register, sadly only filled with minimal treats to take with you.  The bathrooms are typical and scary. I walked into a swimming pool waiting to happen because someone forgot to turn off the water. The food, hmm the food. What an interesting array of food to have for this place. From grape leaves to meatloaf. Speaking of meatloaf, that's what I had. Two decent size slices of meatloaf, a scoop of diner mashed potatoes, and the gravy on the side. I also opted for the side salad, which was simple with iceberg lettuce, onion, tomato and green pepper. And the fresh (is it really fresh?) bread that they give you is amazing.If this place is this good at night, I can only imagine what it's like during the day.
1	This was some of the worst food I've ever had.  If this is someone's idea of nostalgia, nostalgia is a term I'd like to forget, and the reality is more like nausea.  Their greek soup (tasted like Campbell's chicken noodle flavored with lemon) and nasty lamb gyro douched with cucumber dressing will likely haunt me as long as I live.  For anyone looking for a good nostalgic diner experience, i can't make a recommendation because I've yet to experience one, but at least in this case, leave the past where it belongs.
4	So after the encouragement of many of my friends I decided to gave this place another try.  We had the fried zucchini, spanakopita, and their fish sandwich.  I was prepared to be disappointed by the food again but I instead I had to kick myself on that last review. It was still diner food, but as far as diner food goes, it was impressive. I didn't even know diners served this vast variety of food.  I am a huge fan of breakfast food, because besides it being the most important meal of the day, I love the doughy goodness and comfort of pancakes and waffles. This time I was dissuaded from ordering my usual and instead opted for some proper dinner food. The spanakopita was a bit soggy but otherwise the meal was above satisfactory. I had my first experience of fried zucchini and now I know what the fuss is all about! They're a delicious alternative to the classic potato fries and I delight to try them again.  While many people are unfavorably disposed to fish,  I love it. I think it's an acquired taste, but their fish was perfectly crispy and the tartar sauce wasn't half bad either! I would definitely go to this place again for a late night meal. Also their mini jukeboxes are incredibly cute so if you're feeling extremely nostalgic of the '40's then I'd go here.
4	The best diner in Pittsburgh (if you think it's Pamela's then you are very, very wrong).  I wouldn't recommend getting anything other than breakfast or maybe a burger, but those two things are more than enough for a 4 star rating.  But maybe the best part about Ritters is that the wait staff wears scrubs.
5	Great food, quick service, nostalgia: what more could you ask for? My dad brought me to Ritter's many times when I was a kid, before we moved out of the city. Now that I'm commuting to Pitt, I'm back. Before even talking about the food, I'd like to say how nice the staff is. They're always in a good mood, and they know their stuff. In the three years that I've been going there I don't think that they've ever let my coffee cup go empty. Breakfast is excellent, no matter what time of day you have it. I especially love their homefries, which are nice and crispy but not overdone. This may seem like a minor thing, but you'd be surprised how many restaurants can mess up a fried potato. If you're coming in for lunch I would strongly suggest one of their salads; the lettuce is fresh and crisp and so are the toppings. If you get a steak salad, the steak comes right off of the grill and onto your plate, along with the fries. The soups are also delicious, although the Greek Lemon Soup is a bit sweet. I love their Navy Bean and Beef Barley soups, can't get enough of them. For lunch or dinner they have good comfort food: meatloaf with mushroom gravy, pork chops and kraut, stuffed cabbage, etc. Some days they make a homemade Greek pastitsio (did I spell that right?), which I think is even better than what is served at the Greek Food Festival in Oakland. One last thing that I'd like to say is that they know how to make eggs over-easy. I like my fried eggs very runny or dippy or however you say it, and Ritter's makes them just so. A lot of breakfast places that I've been to tend to give you over-medium when you ask for over-easy. Just another indication that the cooks know their stuff.
4	Your standard, no-frills diner. Open all day err day, coming here is practically a requirement after a night on Walnut Street. Even during the daytime hours, I prefer Ritter's to Pamela's. Ritter's is spacious - no matter what time I show up, I've never had to wait. It's not anything to marvel at, but it's diner food, and you're getting exactly what you think. Their menu is typical diner food, but more expansive than most - I was a little surprised to see seafood options. Ultimately, I always come back to the corned beef hash. Exactly like canned corned beef hash in every other diner, but that's exactly what I'm looking for. I also occasionally order the wings because Ritter's makes them the way I prefer - freshly fried, naked, with your choice of dipping sauce on the side. I've occasionally tried to branch out but find other dishes lacking. The meatloaf was dry, lacking in flavor, but still a very heavy dish; the burger was even dryer and was served deconstructed - in a bad way. However, friends have had the differing variants of the pancakes and enjoyed them. Overall, the cheap prices (yet cash only!), 24 hour convenience, and rectifying my late night munchies get Ritter's a thumbs-up in my book.
3	Food is ok and it is kind of greasy spoon.. The decor is interesting.
1	People call it "Critters" for a reason.The two times I've been there I was unhappy.  It's cheap, but the food is also gross and you don't get much of it (thank goodness!).  Very small toast, cold hard pancakes, and adequate dippy eggs was what I received last time I went.  Oh, cash only too.
2	Joyce was a great server. She took great care of our party of 7 and was very personable. Cheap, average diner food. You can have subpar breakfast, lunch or dinner at any time of the day! Best consumed late night when nothing else is open. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here besides a late-night drunk snack.
4	Traditional diner with red vinyl booths and diner coffee. Very homey and quaint, and you can't beat the price. I enjoyed the omelette with kale and black eyes peas, and the home fries were perfectly crispy on top. I will definitely be back for lunch or dinnerThere is plenty of parking on Baum, and the place was crawling with customers on Sunday morning for breakfast.
3	The food was good, slightly above average. I Ordered the steak and eggs and pancakes. The pancakes were slightly below I hop quality. I think they offer vegan and vegetarian food as well. Service was adequate but not over the top. I'd go back if I was in the area.
1	Ummm, we're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here. That was the last thing we had eaten for hours, and the next morning he DEFINITELY had eaten something bad after waking up... yikes.
3	Ritters is a Pittsburgh treasure. Old school diner, complete with at-table mini jukeboxes that sometimes work. Great people watching here.  This is the place you come for late night munchies or possibly morning after recovery.  Breakfast food is on point, as is the Greek fare. Cash only like most of the coolest spots in The Burgh!
4	Ummm..... so I will just be upfront and say that the few times I have been here I was at least a few drinks in, but this is an excellent place for cheap diner food and is fortunately open late into the night. I'm from the south, so it is very reminescent of Waffle House- which is awesome. The waitresses are nice and understanding of the state that some people come in at 3 in the morning, and it will always be a place I look to when I need greasy breakfast-type food. The hashbrowns are particularly amazing. From what I remember, it was cash-only, so if you go out make sure to have the moneys on you!
4	Pretty standard Greek diner - omelets, gyros, pastas and burgers with a 1970s look. I can't say I'm a huge fan of the lunch/dinner items (maybe I just haven't found the right items yet), but the breakfast fare is great! No exaggeration, we probably come here once every other weekend. The Greek omelets are delicious, don't let the idea of lettuce in an egg dish scare you off. Also it should be said - the waitresses here deserve major praise. They work VERY hard and almost always with a smile, no matter how much they're running around. They're fast, pleasant, and they are always busting their tails in this hectic place. The food is really pretty inexpensive, so 10-20% for a table of two would usually only amount to about $2-4, so my advice is tip the waitresses well - they really deserve it! :)
4	Now I know I'm about to come across sounding like some man-from-Mars or a guy who eats nothing but cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off, but what I mean to sound like is a guy who just got hit in the face with a wave of nostalgia and appreciation for a tragically dying thing: the traditional diner. Conjure up in your mind the image of a perfect diner: Booth seating. Open late or better, 24 hours. Breakfast served all day. An eclectic mix of patrons. Waitresses that call you "darlin'" or "sweetie". Bottomless coffee. A certain fragrance mix of fry oil and cleaning product. Cheap prices and fast service. And there you have Ritters. As I sat and enjoyed my eggs, bacon, toast and coffee, I saw all of these elements uniting in near diner perfection. Add to all of that a stream of customers all of whom the staff seemed to know by name and greeted with smiles, hugs and good-natured ribbing. The only thing missing that would make this place the pinnacle of diner-ness: the rotating pie case. I can't speak to the dinner fare but come on, if you're not ordering basic breakfast at a diner, you're missing out on one of the great comfort food traditions in these here United States. Get a mess of eggs and breakfast meats, some toast with too-much butter and a coffee, pay $10 for it all (pay up front! no new-fangled credit cards accepted! wow!), and sit back and enjoy this wonderful slice of life. Pie optional.
1	Don't get me wrong, the foods great, but when there's only a handful of booths full it shouldn't take an hour and a half to get breakfast. If you get to the point that you'd rather leave and go to McDonalds just so you can eat something it's too long of a wait.
1	How does this place even stay in business. It's disgusting. The food is crap. Everything is filthy. All the waitresses look like crackheads. They screwed up a club sandwich & fries. How is that even possible?  It deserves negative stars for sucking so badly.
5	I have to show Ritter's some love. I've been here more than 3 times in the past few months and the service each time has been exceptional. It's old fashion, but there's something comforting about it. The coffee is very good, freshly served and hot! The food is served promptly, fresh and hot. I've ordered the fish sandwich twice, along with fries and once with onion rings. The fish is crisp and not too battered up. The hoagie roll was soft and lightly toasted. They also have the best cheesecake. The portion are generous as well. I always enjoy the food and visits here!
4	I love Ritter's.  The fried green tomatoes are my favorite.  And judging from the very long lines on the weekend, I am not alone in my love of this place. Yes, it is a million years old inside and out, and so are the waitresses.  There are 3 or 4 waitresses and they share as many teeth.  But this place is old Pittsburgh and you gotta love it.  The food is good, not amazing...unless you're drunk.  Then it is f---ing fantastic.  As per Pittsburgh standards, even bad food is pretty good if served in large quantities.  You won't leave Ritter's hungry.  You may leave with an infection or rash, but you won't leave hungry.
4	Just popped in to Ritters for a late night dinner. It's definitely a step back in time. Shirley, our waitress, was really nice, funny and helpful. Upon her recommendation we each had the Hobo omelette which is filled with a gyro's meat,toppings and sauce. It was excellent! The side of home fries were crispy and delicious! Definitely give it a try!
3	On a postive note, the honey dipped chicken dinner is tasty as well as breakfast. However, my meatloaf last night was anything but yummy. There was no seasoning in it and I probably tasted one onion in the entire 2 thick slices. his Greek lasagna was made out of Easy Mac noodles + 1 lasagna noodle on top. It also had a teeny tiny bit of sauce. I'm not sure what was Greek about it. The rolls were rock hard too. I'll come back when Im drunk and hungry for a greasy 3am breakfast or a burger or appetizers since yelpers seemed to say good things about those. Also they changed their hours are are no longer always 24 hours. Sunday, Monday & Tuesdays they close at ten.
5	One of the best breakfast places around! I lovvvveeee this place. They are open all night, which is awesome. The servers wear scrubs, which is pretty cool and considering I am a server, I'm jealous they get to wear some comfy attire at their job! The food is incredible- they have everything from home made roast beef dinners to fancy pancakes. I came here last week with my boyfriends family and I ordered the bananas foster French toast with a side of ham. The ham was incredibly juicy and just overall delicious. The French toast... Was ridiculously good. I felt like I gained ten pounds from my meal, but it was incredible. I love this place, it's always consistently good.
4	Ritter's is always good time. Good food and good people watching. Plenty of places to park in the parking lots. Had the grilled ritter's sandwich and it was yummy. My mom had the tuna salad sandwich and said it was good but she's had better.
3	Food is great; however, it is not open 24/7. Huge disappointment. It was late at night, went there thinking it is the only great restaurant that is open, but found it closed. Why would you put a huge sign saying that the restaurant is open 24 hours, and on the other side it says it is only open 24 hours in Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday, but when I went there late at night in Sunday, it was closed? How confusing. It is not really that difficult to inform a customer of the opening hours. Anyhow, I will probably still go there for breakfast.
2	We were skeptical to eat here based on the mixed reviews. We can now say we've tried it and we probably won't go back. We were greeted by a hostess who sounded and smelled like she just got done smoking. Instead of escorting us to a seat, she told us which tables to pick and to seat ourselves. I ordered the sirloin of beef with mashed potatoes and my fiance got the steak and eggs. The food was just okay. Our server was friendly and attentive. We were thankful we didn't have one of the other servers, who was clearly dying of pneumonia or bronchitis or something. She was coughing up a lung in front of everyone and sniffling every 5 seconds. She washed her hands a lot, but the hostess did not wash her hands upon returning from smoking outside. Kind of gross if you ask me.
5	Cheap price for GOOD food! Ordered the fried chicken, my mom got eggs and delicious pancake! Good and friendly service- came on a empty Monday night :)
2	What you expect out of a 24 hour diner.  Food can be pretty good, service can be pretty bad.
2	I remember my first experience at a diner: Art Deco-inspired architecture, narrow and long floorplan, jukeboxes, neon signs, quick service, and extremely tasty pancakes with chocolate syrup! Granted I was only 7 or 8 years old then, but I can recall everything (how can I forget the taste of those pancakes?!). Since then, I've been to quite a few diners, including diner-restaurants (i.e. faux diners). I would go particularly on the morning after a night of partying and/or drinking, when I'm feeling too lazy or hung over to cook something decent without burning myself and my kitchen. On these mornings, I would typically order pancakes or omelettes with a side (usually hash browns) and coffee. Honestly, I've never eaten anything other than these breakfast staples at a diner.My friends and I arranged to have a late brunch one day at Ritters Diner. Now, I didn't have much to eat the night before, so I couldn't wait until we met to have something to eat. So, I came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast. A quick observation of the diner made me realize that this isn't a traditional diner; instead, it seemed more like a diner-restaurant. Oh well, there was still the service and the food to worry about. We sat down at a booth in the large room in the back of the restaurant. The waitress greeted us and took our drink orders immediately: two cups of coffee and two glasses of water. Several minutes later, we got our coffee and water, but weren't ready to order just yet. We spent several more minutes deciding, and when we were ready, we placed our menus in a neat stack in the center of the table to show that we were ready to order. We waited...and waited...and waited some more. Minutes turned into half an hour and longer. By that point, my friends were getting quite hangry. I was sitting there feeling sorry for them and very concerned with the poor service. This whole time, I was monitoring discreetly the other diners who had our waitress and arrived after we did. A few of them actually have gotten their food, have paid, and have left. After what seemed like an eternity, our waitress suddenly materializes and takes our order.We get our food: chocolate chip pancakes; club sandwich; spinach omelette with cheese and buttered toast; and something else (sorry, I must've had too much coffee). My omelette was decent; I would have preferred if they hadn't used too much cheese, especially what I think was American cheese (it could've been cheddar, but the taste didn't seem right). The toast was good, but I was too full to keep eating. I did try a bite of the chocolate chip pancakes, and it was so rich and delicious! My other two starving friends pretty much inhaled their food in minutes.Based on this one experience, I would come only for the pancakes. Service was really bad even though the place was half empty. I might experiment with this diner once or twice more to get a better feel for it.So to summarize: not a real diner, service was bad, food was decent, and come for the pancakes.
2	It is definitely an experience. Located in not such a great part of town. Very old. Food is just ok, grease upon grease. Everything came out from the kitchen hot, but looked like it was all cooked in the same grease in the same pan. Waitresses do not make much of an effort. She was more concerned with eating her meal.  Cashier was a breath of fresh air. She was chatty and nice.
1	I took my family of 7 here on sunday 11/9. We arrived at 11AM and by 1:20 we had not received our food. This is after ordering over and hour ago. We noticed the table around us received their food even though they had been seated after us. The waitress was very nice and said she was sorry for the wait several times. I finally asked to see the mgr, who I assume is the owner. He finally came to our table and after I explained the situation to him all he did was said that he really cares about his customers and if he made all his customers wait this way he wouldn't have any customers then he walked away. He did nothing to compensate us for the long wait. I go here because it is convenient for everyone. The food is just so so. Well this will be my last visit. I understand everyone can have a slip up but it is how they handle it to make the customer feel better. Ritters gets a Failing Grade in this category and an OK for the food.
4	Best brunch ever!  You will have better luck getting seated quickly if you arrive by 10am.  They have the best potatoes in the burgh and it's good food that will stick to your ribs!  The service is always quick and friendly.
3	Ritters has two main perks: 1.) Breakfast 24/7 and 2.) the jukeboxes. The food is decent diner fare.  A co-worker claimed he had the best steak of his life here and I can no longer trust anything he ever says ever again.  The food is fine, but it's certainly not gourmet nor will it top my grandma's homemade waffles.  But it's cheap and you don't have to bake it yourself.The service has been overall friendly and reasonably quick.  I've never been here when it was more than half full.CASH ONLY.
5	Breakfast, breakfast, breakfast!!!  I've been here many times over the years 90% of which I've ordered breakfast.  Diner breakfast easily excites me and this place hits the spot!!  Home fries over hash browns and if my bacon bends and not breaks, then you can get  from me!  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here.  I love it here any time of day from early a.m. when the seniors are here to after hours when the drunks are here lol. Thanks for many delicious meals, Ritters, and hopefully more to come :)
4	This place is definitely a throwback.  Whether you come in here at 3AM in a drunken stupor or 7PM for a quick meal the food is fantastic.  The breakfast items are all pretty standard but I do enjoy getting it sometimes for dinner.  Some of the other things you must try are the grilled chicken on a pita or the diner burger.  The menu is large and I constantly flip through it even though I know it like the back of my hand.  The service is usually very good and I love the quarter jukeboxes at the tables.
4	Ritter's Diner is a breakfast lover's home away from home. The atmosphere is a vintage American greasy spoon--take a black and white photo of the vinyl booths with their own coin-op jukeboxes and convince your friends it's 1960 again. But cozy nostalgic surroundings are just a small piece.Pancakes, bacon, eggs, classic diner dishes, all done well here. One visit in particular, I ordered the Greek omelet, loaded with gyro meat, veggies, and cheese. It was one of the heartiest omelets I've found anywhere, truly a delight.Good food, good coffee, and 24-hour service on weekends. I think I've had breakfast at Ritter's once during daylight, but that's part of the appeal. Bring cash, because no cards are accepted. And come hungry. Few diners do their thing as well as Ritter's.
