4	We have seen La Reve, Crazy Horse (MGM), and been to Vegas at least 10 times...We paid extra to sit in VIP thinking it was a big theater and it really was not.  Dont pay extra for VIP, you are way too close to the stage.  I would recommend the 75-100 dollar tickets (Orchestra).  Let me repeat you get nothing more out of the show sitting in VIP.  The free drink is stupid as well.Now to the Show Review.I really like that its a variety show (dancing, live music, live singing, and all done very tastefully.  I thought it would be a cheesy 1/2 naked type show and it really is not.I think its great for a couple or a group of friends before hitting the clubs or an after dinner entertainment piece.  The show is about 1.5 hours and fully entertaining.I gave it 4 stars, since I'm the idiot who paid for VIP...This is not Cirque, but a solid show and very entertaining.  Also, if you have not been to Planet Hollywood this place is remodeled and is high energy/very modern.
3	Wife liked the show more than I did.  Music and dancing were both decent but all I can say is, I didn't get it.  Show starts out with the star falling asleep and then it starts into a kind of risque version of nursery rhymes while supposedly having an alternate story of finding true love.  It just wasn't very cohesive.  And you might wait until the Playboy chica Holly Madison goes away.  She was stiff and not very entertaining.  Thankfully, as the star, she isn't in it very much.  Rumor is that Carmen Electra is going to replace her which would be a hell of a lot better in my opinion.
4	I liked it I really liked it...  Total T&A show and that's why I decided to bring the husband to it, I was able to get 3rd row seats for $60 via travelzoo.  Holly Madison is so much cuter in person and all the dancers bodies ROCKED.  I liked the Alice in Wonderland theme set to modern sexy music.  This is definitely a Vegas type show, topless and entertaining.   And yes Holly Madison did take it off too.  P.S. kudos to all the dancers having natural boobies, I think Holly's were the only 'surgically enhanced.'
3	I went to the July 4th 10:30 show last minute with friends, the ticket person said that the only tickets available were front row, which I bought since my friends were seated there as well. The place wasn't even 1/3 full.As we settled into our seats I saw a savory looking character seated behind us and giving a big hug to the secuirity guy. He either got him in or came in on his day off. Yet it get's better, the idiot kept yelling "HOLA" behind us throughout the entire show. He even yelled a couple of the performers names. He continued this behavior throughout the entire show, people kept looking back at him and some even left. It took security 45 minutes to finally deal with the situation and I think it was solely because he was friends with the head of security. It was a good show soured by this experience, the only thing that made up for it was when Holly came off the stage and stood behind my friend, rubbing herself on his head.
2	Let me get to the point, if you are coming to the show simply to see Holly Madison, then you are probably better off buying a playboy mag, you will see more of Holly!! She completely disappointed me, and thats the only reason my aunt and I came to the show was for her. In total, she is in about 6 minutes of the hour and half long show. She really really cant dance, but she is way cuter in person.  I truly believe she is only in the show because the producers needed a "name" to add to the show.The rest of the cast is very talented. All the dancers, male and female, have great bodies and are very talented dancers, actors, and singers. My favorite part was the "milkshake" sequence.The theatre is very small and intimate, if you pay for the cheap tickets and walk in and notice empty seats in the front, speak to the MALE!! ushers, they will most likely hook you up with better seats. If you seriously have to see Holly Madisons tatas in person, then go ahead and shell out the ticket price. other than that..ehhhhh for holly yayyy for the rest of the cast! Try to get seats in the middle of the theatre!
4	Was my first burlesque show.  It was pretty fun.  The girls were sexy and the theme was well done.  Holly Madison's completely void of talent though.  Good thing is the other chicks are hotter and more talented than her.
4	So I knew nothing about Holly Madison before seeing this show.  In fact, my girlfriend decided to pick this show. She knew about Holly. Yeah. We picked up tickets for around 35% off so they were pretty reasonable.  The theatre itself is quite nice. It's not too big, but not really tiny. I think the seats we got, were perfect because we were close enough to the stage to see details, but far enough away to see everything.The MC was great, the singers were really good. Music selection was good. The skits they did were also pretty good. The girls were hot as hell.Now, I feel really bad for the cast. Holly Madison is completely talentless. She is not funny, she can't sing, she can barely dance, she looks good though and I guess that was enough with her name to get her on this ticket.  There was on fan who was acting like a stalker, screaming her name to the point security was on hand just in case.Overall, this was a pretty classy well done show. I don't think I'd drop the money again to see it, but if they can hold the cast for a new show once "The talentless one" is gone, I'd certainly go see them again.
2	We paid like $50 for two tickets to this show and honestly it wasn't even worth that. First, the seats are REALLY, REALLY uncomfortable (unless you are a twig). I felt bad because there was this BIG dude and he had to sit on top of the chairs. Secondly, there are poles by where you have to get into your seat so it was hard to even get to the seat. Now the show iteslf, yes there are topless girls, but the whole thing was kinda hokey and not very sexy. Holly was on for like 5 minutes and they guys that were supposedly supposed to be the girls love interests were clearly gay and not really believable. It really wasn't anything special and I feel bad for the people who paid full price. Also, if you wanted to meet Holly after the show it was $100. What a money hungry (you fill in the rest). She should want to meet her fans and I really lost respect for her after that. Don't waste your time or money on this one.
2	This show was pretty much a joke.  WE heard the hipe and saw all the signs and figured it would be good.  It was a SUPER cheesy production.  I am glad we got our tickets pretty much paid for, after going to a stupid time share thing.  We would have been VERY VERY upset if we had to pay for this show.
5	Both my husband and I really liked this show! My only gripe was that the seats were super uncomfortable (sucks they didn't change them out when they converted the theater from the Stomp setup to the new setup) and awkward to get into. Aside from the crappy chairs, the show was really fun! We got the row right behind the banquette seating, dead center - amazing seats! So close we could see stretch marks on some of the girls lol. Anyway, fun music, pretty good dancing, and Holly.....so pretty!! It's true she's not in the show that long, which I was bummed about, but oh well. If they're going to be switching out celebrities every few months then it wouldn't make sense to have them in the show the entire time - lots of marks and choreography to learn in a matter of days, it would be difficult for anyone. Shoshana Bean (Peep Diva) was amazing! Great show, fun cast, and yes my husband and I suckered ourselves into the meet and greet with Holly - worth every penny, we're big Holly fans! =)Oh, I was disappointed about the guy that got picked being a plant. I agree with another reviewer, don't pick someone that looks that unique, pick a guy that looks like every other frat boy.
4	Steve and I went to Vegas for his 30th birthday and this was one of two shows we saw while we were there (the other was LOVE).  I bought these tickets in advance of our trip after weighing our options for a burlesque show and trying to decide between Crazy Horse Paris and this.   I figured that CHP was probably too "artsy" to be enjoyable for my husband, so I went with this knowing it would be considerably cheesier; but faster-paced and more "fun".  I'm glad I did!  He and I both loved it.  We had great seats centered right behind the banquette seating and right at the end of the catwalk portion of the stage.      I admit that Holly Madison was terrible.  She cannot act, tell a joke, sing, or dance.  She looked uncomfortable throughout the entire show until the very end, when her talent for stripping really shined through.  :-) Shoshana Bean, the real star of the show, is an amazing talent.  Strong, solid vocals; great dancer, and definitely brought some great comedic moments to the show. The rest of the cast was also good...great dancers and generally just really entertaining performers.  The casting was really varied in terms of "size"...but all natural (I think) except for Holly.We loved it for what it was...but it's not a show we'd be dying to see again either.
4	What a jolly good time! Who doesn't LOVE a lil "peep" now and then? We took our foreign friend to this show, and he was ALLLLLLLLLLLLL about it. Singing, sexy women, costumes, breasts, and even sexy men!I'm actually proud of Aubrey...who knew "Chandelier Girl" would come so far?!
4	Recently saw peepshow with my wife. We sat in one of the tables for 2 at the very front of the main stage.  We have not been many Vegas shows, so I cannot say whether it was a good or bad as far topless tease shows go.The show was cheezy and kept us very entertained and laughing for 1.5 hours. We both enjoyed the experience and well worth the cost of the tickets.Be forewarned, the cocktail service sucked. Don't take any chances and get a good buz going before you get to the theater.They also had some hoochie at the entrance posing with you for pictures that you could buy at the end of the show. Don't bother wading through the line to see the pic...it costs 20 bucks.
2	I saw Peepshow with a few friends last Sunday. I never heard of it, but my friend's girlfriend wanted to see it. There was a lot of boobage. Most of the women were not attractive though.The star, Aubrey O'Day, really blew up (physically) after Making of the Band. She use to have a nice body, but is now too chubby to be the star of a striptease show. Holly Madison, the co-star, has a really nice body, but has not performing talent.
5	Booked tickets for the Peepshow before reading the Yelp reviews. After I read the reviews I was kind of turned down. Saw it anyways with my GF and damn, it was a good show! Great performance from all the actors in the show!I have to say you people that give it bad reviews are too stuck up. If you want to see hot girls, go to a damn strip club. This is not a erotic porno show for you horny bastards.
5	Great and cute show! I say cute because of the twists on nursery rhymes. It is creative, just the right amount of sexy, and has a couple of scenes with a hot man. Aha, not just women although they do dominate the show as they should. I love that there is live music and live singing. I went when the part of Peep Diva was played by Shoshana Bean, but heard from someone that it is great with Aubrey O Day. What was really suprising is that unlike the star of the show at Luxor, not mentioning any names, is that Holly Madison does remove her top. Although I would go see this show just because of her, it is very entertaining even without them. Go see this show.
4	This was my first Vegas show I'd ever been to. I wanted to see it because I LOVE the girls next door.  Obviously i wanted to see Holly, that's why im sure majority of people bought the same ticket i did.As far as the show goes as a whole-the music was enjoyable, the individual skits were entertaining.  The girls were great and Holly did an OK job- performer not so much. But she was cute and fun to watch.  The seating was great, i dont think there is a bad seat in there.  The price of the tickets were overpriced but they do give military or law enforcement discounts :-) which helped GREATLY.
4	This show really surprised me. I went with low expectations, and came away thrilled. It is well conceived, fast paced and very entertaining. The singers are marvelous and an overall good time. It is a little skewed to youth, so I expect that younger folks (especially Girls Next Door generation) will appreciate it more than older folks, but was definetly a good time for all.
3	This was a nice little show of not overwhelming skill. The songs are a mixture of originals and pop hits (like that annoying Milkshake song). There were three female singers and one male, none of whom I recognized from anything but all were competent vocalists. The peep dancers were good, with nice choreography and costumes, and without giant silicone cans. The weak spot of the show was Holly Madison. She doesn't sing and isn't given much dancing to so. The show starts off with a sappy framing device that portrays Holly as a clueless sack who can't find love or catch a man, which seems ridiculous given what we know of her and the fact that half the male audience yelled her name and encouraging comments toward her bosom whenever she was on stage. It was not all boobs, all the time. Tops were removed a good bit into each routine and not at all in a salacious way. It was almost innocent. There are three featured males in the show, a dancer, an adorable little patsy, and a rope acrobat in wet, skin tight clothes. You see a male butt, which some of the audience males may not have been expecting. I was super-disturbed by only one routine, which featured dancers in a tank of milk or "milk" (and really, it was just the milk I objected to). Overall it was a cute little show, and I thought the tickets purchased at the half-price booth in the Coke bottle were an approximate valuation of the return of the show. I agree with another reviewer, the chairs were quite uncomfortable, with awkward armrests.If you want to see lots of breasts, go to a strip club. If you want to see really skilled semi-nude dance, see Crazy Horse at the MGM (but not when Carmen Electra is there, as the tickets cast twice as much for the name only). If you really just want to see Holly Madison, watch E! or buy one of her old Playboys, because really she is barely in this.BAREly. Oh ha, I get it.
3	I debated on what to give Peepshow, somewhere between 2 and 4 stars. There are some good and bad things here, mostly bad. Let's start there:* They obviously need to make this show start at 9:30, not 9. They were still seating people up to about then. Annoying.* We saw this on Friday night, so not sure if it's just timing or what, but the crowd was the most annoying I've ever seen. There were a row of 5 or 6 guys a couple rows ahead of us who heckled, yelled and screamed the entire show.* That same group of guys (and just about half the rest of the audience) got up repeatedly during the show to get drinks or go to the bathroom, or whatever the hell they were doing. Shouldn't the staff not let them back in???* Holly Madison might as well have not been in the show. She mostly stood around on a corner smiling and swaying on her feet. Really? She didn't sing, dance or anything. Showed her ta-tas in a couple shots, but that was the extent of her job.Now the pluses.... It's hard to think of many because of how annoying everything else was.The singing and dancing was all right. The "milk bath" was just kinda weird. Overall it was a fun experience but I can't say how great it would have been were it not for everything else.
3	My oh my oh my - what do I give Peepshow?  I have thought and thought about this and if I could give half stars I would give it 2.5 stars, but since I can't I will bump it up to 3 stars.  My debate on the rating is as much about how Planet Hollywood runs the show as the show itself.  So here I go. The Good:  The show is fun.  It is a loud, crazy, high energy hour that gets the audience going.  Also, I really like the lobby - I know silly - but the corset on the ceiling and the peepholes everywhere really work! The Bad:  1) Holly Madison - OMG I didn't expect an Oscar worthy performance but the girl can barely get a line out.  She ran into at least 2 dancers.  She looks like a deer in headlights!  Terrible!  Except for showing her rack she is one totally out of her league.  2)  The Showroom itself.  The seats are too narrow and the ushers insist on cutting off access to upper seats and making everyone go up the same way which is just crazy!  Not to mention they don't actually show anyone to their seats and let me tell you this audience needed help.  I have never seen so many people who couldn't find their seats!  And ushers did nothing!  3) The Showtime & Their Policies on Seating:  Donny Clay does a show at 7p every night and Peepshow does a 9p show every night.  Now let me ask you - does that sound like enough time to clear, clean and seat between shows.  IT ISN'T.   Note to Planet Hollywood, move the fucking showtime you idiots.  It results in everyone cramming into the doors with 10 minutes before showtime and scrambling to find their seats (and I already bitched about the ushers and the seats).  Then there is the fact that they don't close the doors.  They allow people to get up and come and go as they please during the show.  So during an 1:15h show we had at least 10 people get up countless time to refill drinks.  Translation we never had a clear view of the stage w/o someone's drunk ass not blocking it.  Plus the heckling was OUT OF CONTROL.  You couldn't hear the show half the time with drunk off their ass men hooting and hollering like they were at a strip club.  Yuck.  And the ushers do nothing.  They are 110% useless.  The show:  The show might be good if you could hear it over the audience.  There are spots in it that are particularly fun (the emerald bikini pole dancer & the whole pink number).  However, the distraction of the audience and the lack of any skill by the main attraction (Holly), make this show a bit of a joke.  It is truly a 2.5 Star show.  It passes the time, but it isn't a great show.  I agree with Diwata P.  If you want an awesome burlesque show go to the Crazy Horse - you won't be disappointed!
2	To be fair, there were some things this show had going for it. Some of the performers were very skilled, both at dancing, and arousing me with their ample bosoms, but overall, I left feeling a little disappointed.  I was so excited to see Holly Madison, but for most of her time on stage, she was literally sitting with her back to the audience, watching other girls with more stage presence.  It was amazing to me that she has been the headliner for this show for so long, and she still seemed painfully uncomfortable on stage.  It was sad.  I think she would have curled up into a little ball if only her enormous breasts didn't render such a move physically impossible.  Overall, this is one to miss. There just wasn't a whole lot here that was special.
4	My husband and I decided it would be fun to head to Peepshow for my birthday. I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. The show itself was quite entertaining. There are fun songs and dance as well acrobatics. It was quite tasteful and a lot of fun to watch. I do agree with other reviewers that Holly is definitely no actress, but I didn't really expect much on that end. The other performers were awesome though and it was a great time!
5	Great show!!Let me start off by saying I have never been to any kind of strip show. My wife surprised me with this on a recent trip.  I didn't know what to expect, but I have to say that it was very classy and creative, at the same time it was very sensual. I thoroughly enjoyed it and will go back.
3	A nice cabaret of songs and dance with a mediocre story line, but with some fun and funny aspects. Audience participation is one of the funny parts, with a surprise at the end for one of them.The girls are all a sight, all talented and they all look like they're having fun. I won't lie I think I felt like I had a some fun too. If you're staying in PH and have a discount for tickets, go. It's just fun. Go with low expectations and you will surprisingly have have fun.Enjoy. :D
3	1 part Campy Entertainment, 1 part Hot Mess....First the GOOD:~ The music!  It's actually pretty great singing and the songs were catchy, I kinda wanted the CD (but they didn't sell it).~ The costumes.  They are cute.  Very girly.~ The bodies of some of the girls.  Holy cow...it felt very much like a Victoria Secret fashion show.  These girls are beautiful and have legs that go on for days.Now the BAD:~ Holly Madison!  Girlfriend cannot act/sing/dance!  Basically, she just stands there.  I guess that's enough to sell tickets, but can't they get a big name that can actually sing or dance???~ Kinda boring.  Every "act" is the same.  After an hour everyone in the theater started getting antcy, checking their blackberry, etc.~ Not worth the $$.  Thank goodness we bought the tickets from Tix 4 Tonight.  Otherwise I would have really wanted my money back!If you go to this show, I suggest 1.) not having alot of expectations, and 2.) having a couple drinks beforehand.  You may enjoy the show a bit more!
2	I tole my cab driver I was gunna see this show and he scoffed "What the hell for?"Unfornatunately he was right.  Molly madison is hot as a hell but all she does is stand around.  Not to be upstagged, she is the only blonde, with the biggest hair and fakest tits.  The other broads are just okay, a few are not very cute at all.  one is so thin that her belly button is pushing out like a disgusting knob.The songs are "Brick House" and "Milkshake" and other kitchy songs that brides like to play at their white trash weddings.  In other words, they're highly annoying, and sung live with variations on the ever played out originals.  The lead singer is a black chick that looks very much like a dude in a wig.  She has a very defined 6 pack like a man.This show could use more tits, better music, more Holly, better dancers, less live music and more good music.I wouldn't recommend it.
1	I had a buy 1 get 1 coupon so my fiance and I decided to check this show out because of Holly.  I knew it was going to be bad right from the start when the show started 15 minutes late.  I have NEVER been to a Vegas show that started late!  And it only lasted about 75 minutes long.There is really not much to say about the show.  The singing was not bad but the songs were.  The dancing was not bad, but it got boring very quickly.  You'd think there was a theme to the show (LIttle Bo Peep), but there really wasn't.  And if you think Holly was the STAR, you'd be greatly disappointed.  She was barely there for the first 3/4 of the show.  She would come out stood there and then faded away.  Holly finally was on the stage in the last 15 minutes or so but poor girl CAN NOT dance nor act!!!  She pranced around and finally removed her top showing her ginormous boobs!  Unless you really want to see Holly 1/2 naked, otherwise, pick a nice strip club to go instead.  You'll get more for your bucks there.
3	It is all about expectations. I saw this show last night with the wife, a friend of ours, and the sister of our friend. For some reason, the wife and our friend were under the impression that the show would be sensual and burlesque like Crazy Horse Paris at the MGM. Well, as many reviewers have mentioned, its not....I am sure the wife would give me crap for a 3 star review (I think she'd probably go with a .5)...but the show completely met my expectations. It was cheesy, high energy and full of boobs. As just about every other review states, Holly Madison really can't dance, and she doesn't do much at all. The show is really all a huge build up to the very short "dance" number that Holly does topless at the end of the show. There were numbers in the show that were more entertaining than others (i.e. Pink), but most every dance was the same thing with different props. The singers weren't bad, though the male singer was a bit unconvincing.  I think this would be a great show to start off a night on the town, it would also be a good one for a bachelor (particularly for those guys not really wanting a strip club experience) or bachelorette party.This show is all contemporary Vegas...a facade of glitz, glam, and is a psuedo-celebrity starring  flash bomb.
3	3.5 starsWhile in Vegas, I wanted to watch a show. I love watching the shows here, and am a big fan of musicals as well.  However, the BF isn't quite as interested in shows as I am (he fell asleep during a Cirque Du Soleil show, and couldn't even remember which one it was).  I figured that watching a strip show would keep him awake (if not entertained).  We are also both fans of Holly Madison (from the Girls Next Door), so I wanted to see her performance.We didn't really know what to expect from the show (other than the fact that the girls would end up stripping). I knew that the storyline was about Little Bo Peep trying to find love.  However, the "storyline" is just a very loose way to try and tie together all the different performances. There is live singing by a trio of girls and one guy. There was a lot of energy to the show, from the lights, music, and overall loud-ness. The dancing was fun to watch, and the girls were all good performers.  While the show was entertaining, I was trying to determine how all the different "fairy tale characters" all fit into the overall theme of "finding love". While I understood the beginning and end of the show, like I mentioned earlier, the middle seemed to just be a series of different girls dancing to different songs.  Maybe I was just trying to read further into a show than take it for what it is: a fun, entertaining, high energy show.  The lower score is due to the fact that Holly's part in the show is pretty small. For the first half of the show, she has a couple lines, and then runs around the stage watching the other performers.  I expected her to be front and center for a lot of the show.  Considering how much prominently her involvement in the show is advertised, I just expected to see more of her in the show (and no, I'm not talking about "seeing her" as in her stripping more).  If you're a fan of Holly, expecting her to be performing for most of the show, you'll probably be disappointed. Traipsing around the stage wasn't what I had in mind (I wanted to see her dance!).  The bit of dancing she does in the middle and in the end of the show wasn't enough Holly in my opinion.  It was still an entertaining show, however, and I still enjoyed the show. It was my first adult show, after all!
3	I saw this show in dec of 2009, and there was still a lot of hype about it... I saw it with my boyfriend, it wasn't the best Vegas show but if u like singing and don't mind it being sung by a man with a high pitched voice then I say go for it! Other than that I could have gave my boyfriend a better "peepshow" in our giant hotel room! Save the money and get a Playboy magazine, you'll see more!
2	This is an hour of my life that I will never get back!  I have been to many Vegas shows and I have to say...I cannot figure out why this one is STILL running!  No...I know!  Everyone wants to see Holly's boobs!  Well...you have to wait almost the whole show for that and if you can make it that long thru this train wreck of a show, you are a better person than me.  Don't get me wrong...there are a few good parts...The main guy in the show has an AMAZING voice!  Some of the pole work was VERY impressive.  But the show itself is absolutely ridiculous!  I thought there would be a point to show, but apparently there isn't.  The milk bath grossed me out.  The routines were ridiculous, I have one friend that leaned over during the show and said, "I don't get it...did that car just burn off her clothes?", yes, it's that ridiculous!  What does a car have to do with Little Bo Peep anyway?!   I didn't go into this with high expectations, and my expectations were not met AT ALL.  Apparently word has spread that the show sucks, because the theatre wasn't even 1/2 full.  I say skip this and see another Cirque, and I'm not a huge fan of those either (I feel like if you've seen one, you've seen most of them!), but I'd much rather have gone to LOVE or Viva Elvis.
4	I have never been to a strip show before, but being my first time it was great. The music was really good, overall a very entertaining show. I would have wished Holly would have done more then her little parts she has in it, but the rest of the cast was great.I would definently recommend to go and see it.
2	This show was all over the place except in bad, which it almost stayed at throughout. I've seen better looking and just better dancers at other shows. I only enjoyed one segment (Josh sings with a girl in green), the rest were just poor adolescent excuses disguised as ideas for the show. Josh, one of the lead singers, has a great voice and can really sing. Hard to not like him, but he is mostly wasted in this show. Holly is barely in the first half of the show and I was a bit surprised that she still seems stiff on stage like its her first performance. Frankly if you just want to see her boobs, which is the big and very brief ending,  you are better off just looking her up on the internet. If you really want a sensual experience go see Zumanity. If you want to see hot women dance go to a strip club. You'll get far more for your money and entertainment then here. I think if you are drunk it might be 3 stars-like really drunk and high too, yeah you should definitely be high. Thank god I only paid half price.
1	I swear this show was created by someone whose daughter is a stripper and they didn't want her doing the stripping gig anymore - so they tried to clean it up and put it with the big name (and big tits) of Holly Madison.The show was cheeseball and a half.  The whole premise is Lil Bo Peep falls asleep and has dreams about all these women in fantasy land who are trying to land a man.  Ick.The singing is pretty good, but not fantastic.There are only two people in this show with real talent -- the one girl who wears green and comes out and does some real pole tricks and talent.  And the other is an "audience" member Timber.  He actually does rope tricks and is strong as hell.  He was hot and knew his shit.Holly left things to be desired.  She can't really dance and her hair is complete straw.  Over processed and might as well be an entire weave.  She has a very pretty face though.I would not recommend wasting your money on this gig.  I was even in one of the VIP seats with a table.  There was a bachelorette party there that looked like they wanted to eat my beau alive with a fork and knife.  Crowd gross.  Theater gross.  The women who are in this show have pretty rockin bodies and some probably do have real talent on the pole - but its not a traditional burlesque show so I found it too cheesy without any stellar performance behind it.
4	I was one of the lucky Yelp peeps to get free ticket to see the Viva Elvis show at Aria.  And Norm K., one of the Yelp Elite member and overall great guy, offered one of his extra ticket to Peepshow, so I was able to go check it out for free. Woot!!!Anyway let's get down to business.  The Peep Show theater is located inside Planet Hollywood (which I am not familiar with, and the website does not seem to offer a floor plan).  I drove and parked in the Miracle Mile garage, which is probably the best way to go if you have access to a car while visiting Las Vegas. Once inside the Miracle Mile Shops, which is basically shaped like a circle, just walk through the mall until you get to the entrance of the casino of Planet Hollywood. After that take the escalator to the second floor and you will see the Peep Show theater, which is very prominent and difficult to miss.  They have some basic rules:Absolutely no photography or video recording inside the theater. You are advised to turn off your cell phone, and remove the battery from your camera.  They say that they WILL come after your ass if you are caught filming or taking pictures or if you uploaded the video to Youtube.  So post it to Facebook and only share it with your "friends". ;pPremise for my review:1) I didn't read any reviews prior to seeing the show and have only seen the promotional videos playing on the big screens on Las Vegas Blvd.2) I have only seen Cirque du Soleil shows and Jersey Boys.3) I like Holly Madison when she was still Hef's GF.So the good:1) Music is better than I had expected.  And one of the backup singer is pretty hot herself (is she a Filipina???) even compared to the Peep Show dancers.2) Songs were catchy.3) Dancers all have pretty nice figures.  And some were just super nice (very impressed with the abs of steel on "the 3rd Little Piggy").4) The "Milk" performance inside the giant tank was pretty cool. It will be very difficult for me to drink milk and not remember the sensual visuals in the future.5) Did I mention that one of the singer is very pretty and has a knock out body?6) Rope act by one of the "audience" was cool, but nothing spectacular relative to the ones performed in Cirque du Soleil acts.The not so good:1) Holly Madison's part in the show.  Very limited in scope. Mostly looking pretty and walking around the stage, while the Peep Show Girls performed.2) Didn't care for the blinding light near the beginning of the show, when all the dancers were being introduced.3) Premise of the show is kind of weak, but I guess it is like watching soft core porn, in that you watch it for the suggestive sexuality (in this case the topless nudity) and the plot is an afterthought.4) The singers never joined in the topless portion of the act. Hey, I can dream too!Therefore, my rating is 3.75 stars. Mostly because I still am a fan of Holly Madison, but it would be great if her role in the performance is increased.
4	I have been wanting to see this show for some time.  This would be the final act in seeing all the topless shows in Las Vegas.  Finishing this task, though a chore, would be my crowning achievement.  Enter a friend who offered to give me two tickets!  Yes, the price is right and I'm set to go.  My wife is not a late show person, so I met a fellow Yelpie, Tony T, at the Peepshow Theatre at Planet Hollywood last night.I was not disappointed.  The premise of the show is a bit weak.  I guess with a show like this, I really didn't plan on going for the story line, so this wasn't too much of a drawback.  Holly Madison is gorgeous.  Her role is limited to brief appearances to move the story along.  In the last scene, we get to see the real Madison and it's worth the wait. The music is quite good.  There are some very good singers on that stage.  The "Feelin' Good" number is very well done!  The scene with Timber is excellent.  His strength is amazing.  Finally, the one scene that was the best for the night was the giant milk bath.  The three ladies in the vat were quite good.  This part of the show was quite clever and it was staged beautifully.  It brought a big smile to my face.  Got milk?I'd go again to see this show.  The ladies are quite pretty and the vibe of the place is so Las Vegas.Edit:  After reading Tony T's review, I remembered I wanted to mention being totally blinded near the beginning of the show when the dancers stand in front of a huge Peepshow lighted display that is so bright you are literally blinded for a second.  Then the dancers become dark figures in the bright light.
2	Our first show in Vegas... My wife liked it and I almost fell asleep...Holly Madison was barely in the show... It is pretty obvious that she doesn't have the skill of the other dancers..... She also is getting really thick...No wonder Hef wasn't into her anymore.....  Nothing against her personally, but the fake breasts, fake tan, fake smile, and fake hair are a little much..... She looks good for a mid 40's lady from Vegas..
3	I went to see Holly Madison at her best, topless, You only get a glimpse of that. Other than that I found the show to be entertaining, I enjoyed them gettin the crowd involved. The other girls knew what they were doing  but its very obvious they all have a fall back job in stripping if the show closes
4	I really enjoyed this show!!! I was weary at first because of the bad reviews, but I had such a good time. My friends and I were laughing throughout the show. It's definitely a treat for both men and women. Our guy friends thought it would be a femmie show, but it's so sexy! Topless girls splashing in milk, pole dancing, and riding a pony swing blindfolded? Awesome. I felt that the show had the same intentions as Cirque's Zumanity, but Peepshow is wayy better! Music is fun too! They take a twist on music we all know and love. Yes, Holly Madison, was a huge disappointment, but whatevs, she's still cool in my book. We got tix at the Coke bottle tiks booth that morning for $55 each and they weren't bad at all. Still in the mezzanine and in perfect view of everything for a lot cheaper than what it normally goes for. I'd definitely watch it again.
3	The wife watched The Girls Next Door (Editorial side note: Bridget Marquardt all the way) and now Holly's World. Since I can hear the TV while doing so I guess I also watch it by proxy. While in vegas the wife expressed interest in seeing the show and we happened to obtain a coupon for tickets. The show itself was disappointing and all over the place. Much like the other reviews here let me tell you why... the good and bad1. For a show called Peepshow staring Holly Madison there is hardly any Holly. When Holly is on the stage (mostly just standing around looking pretty) she seems a bit awkward and out of place. The funny thing is when she IS on stage my attention fell to her and I would forget there were other performers on stage. She does look incredible even if she wasn't my favorite GND.2. The shows "plot" is a mess. OK I get that Holly falls asleep and is dreaming that she is transported into the nursery book she was reading as Little Bopeep. I was expecting a recreation of the various nursery book stories with the various girls. What I did get was a mess of a production that had little to nothing to do with the premise of the show. ie WTF Milk Shake number and do we really have to hear that god awful song twice in the show. 3. The seats in this place have to be the most uncomfortable thing I have ever sat in. Think coach airplane seat, but 6"' narrower.4. Best part of the show was the setup with the "audience member Timber". That part was actually laugh out loud funny. 5. Josh can sing "Feeling Good". A personal favorite and he can belt it out. 6. The other singers (trio of women) are really good as well.7. Ginuwine "Pony".... really?? LOLAll in all the show was just meh OK. I don't think I would recommending it to anyone unless you are a die hard GND or Holly's World fan and just want to see her. I'll still give it 3 stars.
4	It needs to be said.  Holly Madison can't dance and she apparently can't sing, as she doesn't even make an attempt in Peep Show.  Despite her complete lack of talent, she has a cute personality and apparently her name draws in the crowd.  Fortunately, there is very little of Holly Madison in this show, and what is left is pretty great.  All of the numbers -  minus the awful car scene with the singer screeching through the song - are fantastic.  The nudity is kind of an afterthought which is a good thing.  You can tell that the choreography and music were given a lot of thought.  The host of the show (don't know her name) and Josh Strickland make this show.  I would see it again just for his voice.  He is truly an amazing singer and so sexy.  Some audience interaction was pretty hilarious too!Overall, this show was really entertaining and I would definitely recommend it. Definitely look for a deal on tickets.  I got a sweet deal.  Maybe I would have felt differently had I paid full price for tickets.
2	lame routines and mediocre dancing. I'm sure dancing topless was their aim to distract viewers from noticing the sub par dancing. Holly never speaks a word, and this black chick and white dude do all the singin and talking.  For 113 the view would be pretty good, but for 85 the view is hardly worth going for.  Still 113 for dancing tits is debatable. I couldn't  understand why everyone was so pumped to see this show, and even more so when holly showed her boobs, or someone did something sexy.  sorry fake boobs and small b cups just didn't impress me.  save your money go see La Reve at the wynn.. amazing just like the wynn ;)
3	Always always look for discount tickets, I got mine at 60% of face value, and still had great seats.Other reviewers hit the "Holly doesn't do much," and I'll agree, but she looks more like a real woman than I had possibly imagined, and it was a fun show overall, some burlesque stuff that you wan't see at a strip club, and parts of the show are HOT.Josh Strckland is the true star of the show, if he's still in it, the show is still worth seeing.
3	Peepshow was an ok show.  I wouldn't have spent full price on a ticket (which I didn't) but I would have paid something.It was a bit slow in the beginning and the plot was a bit dull but who needs plot in a topless show? My thoughts exactly. My favorite was Ms. Pete's number.  When I was watching her, I realized that she was my favorite dancer from the now closed, Forty Deuce.  Either I have an eye for talent or half naked women.  LOL I also enjoyed the milkshake routine. I thought the "tub o milk" was used in a very smart way. Holly Madison's part was a joke.  She barely was in the show which was fine by me since I was never much of a fan.  However, I will give her credit for being able to get on stage and bare it all when all the other girls have amazing dancer bodies.
4	Coming from Northern California where there is quite a bit of entertainment options I was somewhat spoiled in the frequency and affordability of incoming concerts and performers, so once I moved to Vegas I felt like i knew what entertainment was............I was so very wrong; It was like being a kid that has been at Fat camp all summer long enjoying all the fun activities while munching some celery and then being given a welcome home party at the local Piggly wiggly....."Overwhelmed". Not only was I completely overwhelmed with all of the choices the prices made absolutely no sense at all. Once I got to know a few people I began to here the buzz of all the shows on the strip, one of them happened to be Peepshow. Now when your walking down the strip after a few beers.......Okay, I meant to write a few too many beers, and your wife sees you looking at the peepshow advertisement and simply says," I wouldn't Mind seeing that". The drunk guy paranoia kicked in my subconscious began asking myself, " Is she serious?" The answer is Yep. Learning that a very good friend of mine at my place of business has a wife that is a Independent Executive Casino Marketing Representative for all of the Harrahs Properties and she is very very good at what she does...This was a very intriguing piece of knowledge, I am not a taker so it never crossed my mind to ask for any comps or special treatment of any kind but last week was a little different. The wife is having her Birthday and I figured why not take her to a show we would like. Linda (that is the Harrahs Rep) and myself made a trade... My services for her services and let me tell you it was more than worth it. Our seats at the show were close enough that it made us feel like we were in a old school Pac Bell commercial, It made you just want to reach out and touch somebody... Waiting for the show start the cocktail waitress came and took our order," Whiskey on the Rocks Please". As soon as I took the first few sips of the drink the bright glow of the peep show brought the room to life. The girls in the show are all fairly attractive woman and all do an amazing job throughout the entire show. Now, like many of the other reviewers has mentioned, you would really think that Holly is going to be all over that stage shakin that thang but that is not the case. She hops around looking cute for a majority of the show and about 15 minutes prior to the end she frees the prisoners, and at that point you would think the crowd was a group of bounty hunters looking for there first bounty, That theater erupted with cheers.  The vocalists were all absolutely amazing, I have to say they  pull off the live singing better than some other acts I have seen. I think the show is pretty good and would be an amazing break from any gamblers binge, How can you go wrong with a cold drink and nice set of..................Stage props...In your face. All kidding and prison jokes aside i think this show is worth seeing it does have a somewhat struggling story line but the stage effects and overall performance was awesome. Also as a side not if your a player and need a Harrahs hotel rep to help you plan your trip and make things easier on you so you can enjoy the finer things in Vegas like seeing Holly Madison Hop around the stage Don't settle for less Contact Linda Pierro and tell her your buddy Raymond said she is the best www.Lindapierro.com... and that I recommended Peepshow ;)
3	VIP seating!  Yay!  Well, actually we were supposed to be in the first row but there were people sitting in our seats because we showed up late.  We got placed at the VIP tables instead, which were right under the stage.  So, i'm glad we showed up late.  I missed the beginning 15 minutes of the show but I think the whole "plot" is that little bo peep (Holly) gets talked through by the peep diva into becoming a more sensual, confident person so she can get herself a man.  The show takes you through a bunch of fairytale plots and it was okay...it's a peepshow so you don't really need much of a story line.  I liked that they had audience interaction through out the show...it kept you in the loop and interested.  It's hard to believe that Holly Madison is the star of this show considering she barely appears, dances and never sings.  I think she had a total of maybe 5 lines...if that.  But she is a celebrity and obviously the reason why the whole theatre was packed.  The main male lead vocalist, Josh Strickland in my book, is the true star of the show.  He has an amazing voice and is sexy as hell!  And on top of that, has amazing stage presence and charisma.  I kept waiting for scenes with him in it.  It's really too bad he swings the other way.  If  you don't mind that the "star" of the show doesn't really perform, come see this show. There is definitely a lot of topless women and If that is what you want to see, this show is it.  Along with great songs that makes you want to sing along, you'll become a fan.Tip:  Purchase discount tickets because I don't think it's worth full price.  Even better, if you know a local, have them purchase it for you...it's $66 bucks for them.
5	Just spend the weekend in Sin City and I wish I had stayed in Planet Hollywood instead of the Luxure  hotel I spend the entire time in Planet Hollywood the atmosphere is great the food is great and they have the  Peepshow which is my favorite show in Vegas. If you are in Vegas I recommend you to see this show its worth your money and its very entertaining.
4	I have seen the show since it's inception and multiple times as the cast changed.  I have to say, it is a pretty good show.  I love the singers and Josh Strickland is a good male lead for a show full of "titilating" performers.  As I have said, I've seen it since Kelly Monaco and Mel B. were the stars.  They did a very good job.  When they introduced Holly Madison to the cast, it was a great addition.  When Aubrey O'Day was Peep Diva, she added a spunkier attitude to her role.  We saw the current limited edition run of the show with Holly Madison's friend, Angel Porrino.  From what we saw, she did a very good job.  She has more rhythm than Holly that's for sure.  I also appreciate how they change the contents of the show to be fresh every time.  Either by adding more singing parts for their cast or a change up with the songs they perform to showcase the headliner, the show is always a contender for a burlesque show.  The fresh reinventions and the performance are worth the money to go and see it.
3	This was a great way to end a fabulous weekend in Vegas.  I did not know what to expect.  I first thought Holly was going to do some serious dancing and truly be the "star" of the show.  Not so.  She briefly came out for each number, but the real stars were the professional dancers and singers.  You go, Josh! It's all about the music!We all enjoyed the music and had great seats, close enough to see Holly (and some of the cellulite-nothing wrong with that!).  I do have to say that she needs dance lessons and stage presence.  There were numbers that brought us to our feet.  We had to remember that we're not in a club here.  Glad to see that the ladies were all natural, except for Holly-but she's the Playmate in the scheme of things.If someone wanted to see the show and dragged me out with them, I'd probably come out to see it again.
1	I like to think of myself as a pretty fair guy - objective, anyway.This show sucked. Period.I've seen a lot of Vegas shows and this was the most boring show I've ever seen. It is WAY overpriced. If you're not comped, you're paying too much. I got in with a locals discount and I feel like I was stolen from. On top of it all, Holly is pretty terrible. We went because many of my girl friends are huge Holly fans and we were let down. She's let her body go and it's not very attractive (one of my friends said she looked pregnant).
4	I only read Playboy for the articles & interviews!!! ;-) I would say PEEPSHOW was a fun adult Vegas show because Jackie and I have seen the E! Girls Next Door show a few times on TV. Holly Madison is the prettier of the 3 girls, albeit... all with a little help of a plastic surgeon. = "Enhanced"!!! We went on a Monday night, so the 1000 seat auditorium was half empty. No worries. BUT it would have been nice if they allowed us to move down closer to the show. Our tickets were $75+ fees I had my expectations of PEEPSHOW, and it was cool with the Nursery rhyme spin offs. All in all, it was entertaining. We had our favorite skits and showgirls. (Girl on the pole and the girl on the bear rug was gorgeous)!!! BTW, Holly is barely in the singing and dancing part. She's kind of just a hostess through the show...You get to see Holly topless (YES!) along with most of the other girls too! Gals, there are two guys that also share the stage if you're wondering....
2	Well, the girls I went with liked this more than the guys.  Its not what its billed to be.  Honestly, if you want to see naked girls just go to a strip club.  This was just a big waste of time.  And the star of the show, Holly Madison, doesn't really do  much except walk around and talk.  I was bored.  Derek
5	Such a fun experience! I went with my friend. Holly Madison is in the majority of the show. You do get to see many boobs. The girls come in all different shapes and sizes. It was nice to know that they didn't just pick size 2 dancers. A great time!
4	This is a entertaining burlesque show that has Holly Madison as a side interruption. Holly Madison truly has no talent...she cannot act, she cannot sing, and she even has a gut compared to the rest of the dancers. My favorite dancer is the girl in green, she is by far the best pole dancer and can accurately perform all the numbers with ease. The second is the "Teddy" bear dancer, well, she can dance and sing really well! the show is for a fun, light hearted evening and not for the people who are looking for deep plot or great acting. Is just for fun not a show that will leave you thinking about the ending! cough up the $100 and have a good time...don't expect more than that. Your in Vegas, baby!good for kids? OH Yea!! bring your kids and get them started on the birds and the bees a little earlier in life to reduce future confusions.
1	This was the show I was looking forward to the most. I'm glad it was the first one we saw so I could get my disappointment out of the way. Holly is in the show a total of like five minutes and she doesn't do anything. The most impressive part was her entrance which sadly leads you to believe the show will be good but the best part of the whole thing was the ending... as in when we realized the torture was over. All she does is sit on the stage and occassionally walk around. If you took her out of this show (and lets face it, thats why we all went to it anyway) there would be ABSOLUTLEY NO REASON TO GO. The dancing was less than entertaining and the music was horrible. We paid over $400 for two tickets so we could have vip and do the meet and greet. As if the show wasn't a big enough waste of money, we got to take pictures with holly post show, wig off, hair in a bun, and dressed in a SWEAT suit!!!! I rather would've gambled that money away with a playboy bunny dealer at the palms playboy club. At least there you know what to expect and you're mildly entertained while blowing your money. Not to mention you can take your picture with the bunnies and they actually look good. My fascination with Holly is officially over. This long time devoted fan is over it. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS SHOW.
2	Peepshow starring Holly Madison-more like Peepshow and a little of Holly. For $126 a ticket I would have thought she was really a part of the show. And, I know the title should give it away but REALLY, how many breasts can be hanging out? When they came out they said there would be some men, 4???? so the lead male singer was pretty hot! And the lead female had an incredible voice. The show-so not all that. I could not figure out the story line at all. So Holly is looking for love and then some fairy tale stories thrown in with some singing and dancing and topless women. They could have kept their tops on and it would have been better. I know it is Vegas but come on? Holly never sang or danced, she just pranced around in her robe, which almost seemed like she was very self conscious of her belly because she was always holding it. strange strange strange. not a repeat guest I will be!!!
3	If you're looking for something erotic or sexy, DON'T GO to this show. It's singing and dancing with dancers mostly topless. Kind of like Jubilee with a modern twist, without acrobatics or stunts. Hubby didn't feel the woman of the show were very...how should I put this kindly..."alluring" either.  Definitely not worth what they charge.
3	Alright, so this show had everything you could want.  Girls dancing in a giant tub of milk, struggling vocal artists just waiting for the moment to try and steal the show, and a D list celebrity! What more could anyone ask for?  Actually, it wasn't the worst, but I am sure glad we didn't pay for tickets.  The best part was with Timber.  That, in itself, earned it the third star for me.  Perhaps our experience was because Holly was out this week.  But from other reviews, it seems as if that wouldn't have made much of a difference.
1	This show was silly. The story made no sense, the whole appeal was that the women were walking around nearly naked. For $70+, you'd have more fun at at actual strip club in 15 minutes than the whole hour and a half of Peep Show.The positive parts were that the singing talents were quality and the jest with the boy "Timber" was comical, but it's just topless-ness everywhere and poor story line. Not to mention that Holly Madison needs to hit the gym..
3	Maybe it's because I had really low expectations for the show... Maybe it's because I like tits and ass... But, I thought this show was pretty good. Much better than I thought it was going to be. Plenty of other reviews trash Holly for being talentless and fat. The former is true. Her "dancing" seems stiff and lacks any sense of rhythm. Our seats were close to the back row, so I couldn't get up close and personal with her, but she looked good to me. But, again it's all about expectation. She looked better than I thought she would. Make no mistake, though, she's curvier than almost every girl in the show (and has the biggest rack). All the dancers look really thin, athletic, and natural.The show itself was cheesy but entertaining. Some of the dancing was good, some skits funny, and the singing was good for the most part. There was one girl who did some cool pole tricks. There were some parts that fell flat, but for the most part it was enjoyable.If you want nothing but t&a go to a strip club. If you want a sexy and seductive show, you might want to check out something else. If you want death defying stunts, see a Cirque show. But if campy entertainment is your thing, give this a shot.
4	great show. not to expensive. holly madisons role is so great. great experience.
4	Well we visited Peepshow last Friday night and it was pretty good!  Holly was great.  Everything I expected from her.  I was a little disappointed that Josh wasn't there to perform, but his understudy was good.  The story was a little hard to follow at first, but overall it was pretty good.  My husband enjoyed the nudity!  We would go again, but I would probably just do the meet and greet with Holly.
3	Holly barely speaks and dances in this show. She doesn't sings at all. The rest of performers are good. The show's premise is cool. You'll see boobies, a few dozen of them a few times during the show. There's a striptease in the show that's pretty cool, a skit with the "milkshake" song that puts school milk cartons in a while different light,  and a scene with a big white teddy bear that's "cute". It was a good show, not worth the $77 though. Those were the cheap seats too! I'd say $77 for the expensive seats would be OK! And that Josh guy wasn't there! I was looking forward to him!  Maybe the show's dynamic was different because he wasn't there?!
3	I saw Peepshow on 2/15/11, our last night in Vegas. I had been looking forward to seeing this show ever since I found out I would be going to Vegas. I LOVE Holly Madison and the Girls Next Door, so this show was a must.The show was great! Like previous reviews, people mentioned Holly was more of an accessory than the star. When in reality, the headliner of a Vegas show like this is generally more of a teaser and doesn't appear in the whole thing. Knowing this before you go is a plus. Having said that, Holly was adorable and even prettier in real life, which I wasn't expecting. The segments that stick out in my mind were Milkshake, Pony and the one where a girl made her way across the stage dancing around various stripper poles (can't recall the song she danced to). Also, anyone else who saw this show, did you recognize one of the dancers as being on a former reality show? The tall brunette in Milkshake, one of the three main dancers who was on the right, I KNOW she was in something else and I just can't put my finger on it! Please let me know if you have answers!All in all, even though I really enjoyed the show, I had to take away two stars for three reasons. The first one being, the merchandise sold wasn't very good. Options were limited, tshirts were overpriced and the material was SO thin, the hoodies seemed to be made in men's sizing but for women so I couldn't find one that fit, and I was willing to pay the $55 price if it did. We ended up getting a magnet, shotglass and postcard. None of which had prices marked on them so we had to keep asking the not very nice sales girl how much everything was. Very disappointing.Complaint number two is the seating. Holy cow! I've never sat in seats so narrow. My boyfriend, who is about 140lbs soaking wet even felt cramped.Complaint number three, anyone who watched Holly's World is familiar with Josh Strickland, Holly's friend and the male singer of Peepshow. However, he was noticeably absent :( They did have a replacement and I will say, his voice was amazing. BUT I was looking forward to seeing Josh almost as much as Holly, so it was a bummer that he wasn't there.
2	I have to admit that I had no idea who Holly Madison was before seeing this show, but I had some clients who were dying to see it, so I bought the best seats that were still available which weren't VIP, but the next section up.  The seats were good even though they were one of the front rows on the second level.  The dancing and choreography was ok, the singing was good, but I agree with all the other reviews that Holly was pretty much useless.  I would have thought this show was pretty good if I had seen it in Atlanta, GA, but it definitely was not up to Vegas standards.  Holly showed her boobs a couple of times and strutted back and forth across the stage a few times, but other than that, the show could have gone on without her.  If seeing Holly is your only reason for wanting to see this show, then you are going to be disappointed.Oh, and the whole nursery rhyme theme with the boobs just didn't go together.  It was actually kind of creepy.  The "audience" member, Timber, was very talented.  He was a great actor and was pretty convincing as an audience member.  Then he did some rope tricks in the bathtub scene...that was cool.The girl in green who plays Ms. Pete pretty much made me turn gay for about 6 minutes.  She was awesome.  (Although the third little piggy who danced to Brickhouse might have made me turn a little gay too.)And lest I forget, the milk scene was cool.  I will give them that.It wasn't horrible...I was just disappointed in it for $111/ticket.  For $50/ticket it might have gotten a higher rating because my expectations would have been lower.  I would recommend seeing another Vegas show.
3	Holly Madison is the name point on the headlines for this , but she is just pure cameo.  The singing and dancing was ok and overall it was worth the money for Vegas style entertainment.  Enough comedy mixed in to make it fun for everyone.
2	My best friend and I were going to Vegas for her bday and she's never been before.  She really wanted to go see Holly Madison because of her show and I said I would go along.  I like Holly but she cannot dance.  I thought the story line was stupid.  I don't particularly like seeing topless girls.  But the dancing was really nice and I enjoyed the music.
3	I rate this a 3 b/c I got the ticket for 65 dollars at the half price ticket place.I would rate this a 2 if I paid a full fare on this.Holly Madison does absolutely nothing in this show. She doesn't even seem interested in being there. She just prances around. She's much thinner in the poster ad too. Oops did I say that?
3	I got free tickets to this through a friend of a friend of a friend that works at the Planet Hollywood ticket booth.   Cool.  After seeing this inane show and thinking of the people that just paid $60-$300 to see this show?    Not Cool. Holly Madison looks gorgeous but you only see her a total of like.......4 minutes combined in this 90 minute show.     You only see her ta-tas a total of like.....4 seconds max.    Boo.  Tip from me:   the ushers at the theater are pretty laid back and there are parts during the show where they pretty much black out the theater to make transitions on stage.    This is where you can be ghetto-fab and get up upgrade your seat 5-10 rows ahead of you!    Be good to yourself.Enjoy the limelight while you can Holly!
1	The only reason this show is getting even one star is because of Josh. His voice was amazing, I wish I would have been able to see him in a show that was actually worth seeing though. This is the most horrible show I've ever seen. I was more mad about wasting my time than wasting the money. There was no story line and you only see Holly for a couple seconds. The whole audience looked more confused than entertained. I would definitely recommend seeing any other show in vegas, don't waste your time with this one!
2	Should be renamed "Peep Show; feat; JOSH STRICTLAND"  He and the female lead singer totally keep the show going. The dancers are all really fit, athletic and convincing. Holly simply shuffled around the stage clutching her robe shut, and looking insecure. By all means, SHE IS NOT FAT. That being said, though, the rest of the cast made her look really... amature. She needs to step it up and rock it out like the others do, especially since its "her show". Nothing against her, but dancing is just not her thing for me... on a positive note- the comical relief of Timber is also a highlight, and holly was very cute there, because she looked a lot more comfortable. Long story-short: confusing story line (but whos going for the story, right?), great singing, and overall fun show. just go into it thinking its a peep show, and not the "Holly Madison" peep show...
3	Not the greatest show but hey it was free! And what is up with this Holly Madison chick? Is she supposed to be part of the show because I waited all night and she never made that 4min appearance everyone talks about but whatever, because her friend was way hotter anyway.Good thing about the show is they have a cool host/mc/singer who kept the crowd involved.  It's fun when you bring a bunch of friends or else it would have been a 2 star for me.  Choreography was ok, nothing really special and they danced topless half of the time, so if you're a guy thats unfortunately never seen many titties in your life, well maybe this might be a 4 star show for you.Josh Strickland, the male singer was really the only talented singer there.  Without him, this show would really have gone downhill.  There were plenty of seats still left so make I'm sure you can find great deals on tix instead of having to pay full price for it because it's definitely not worth the full admission.You want partial nudity that comes with real talent and entertainment, I suggest you watch Zumanity.  Or if you just want nudity, this is Vegas! I'm sure you'll find a strip bar around the corner somewhere.
4	Upon reading other reviews I wonder did we all see the same show???I can see if your drinking too much you may not catch on to the story of the show, so here it is, the story is of a beautiful women unsure of herself in the ways of romance (sex appeal etc) this journey thru her dreams and finding that self confidence.Its based on fairy tales, Red Riding hood, 3 little pigs, Bo Peep (Holly Madison) I for one will never look at those stories the same way again! :DBoth my husband and I really enjoyed the show, the energy was great, the music wonderful, all the women beautiful and the dancing well put together. All the vocals were outstanding and I just LOVE Josh, I would buy his music (love to have all the numbers he sings in the show!)Yes it's topless, sexual, and fun!Loved Josh's version of Pony, and Timber was awesome!Its not humping down and dirty grinding, if thats what you want then go to a strip club or call the number on all the cards passed out on the Stripif you want to enjoy sexuality, beautiful women, good music and have fun its a must see.(By the way Holly is in it quite a bit (not just 4 minuets) and is topless twice)I would go see it again and recommend it!
4	Saw the show on Thursday night 04/14  -  Show looked as if it was sold out... didn't see many empty seats.  4 Tier's of prices, we went with the 3rd price (1st being most expensive).  Doesn't really matter what seats you decide on, no matter where you sit your going to get a good view.The show -  Alot of dancing and singing.  Josh (Holly's Friend) was outstanding!  Very good singing and put on a great show...  most of the girls were beautiful (topless nudity). Timber was awesome!!!!   I see people complain about Holly not being in the show much, but come on now... yea its her show and all, but people come just to see her in general.  She isnt going to be out on the stage all night topless...  I mean she has her own show on E (wifey watches it religiously).   She was in the show on and off, but enough to the point where I was satisfied.. especially at the end, oh my she is gorgeous and what a great ass!  lolTips - Arrive 30 mins early...  there is a bar just to the right of where you enter,  they are strict on no cameras..  restrooms are near the bar and you may get up if needed in the middle of the show to use them. I would love to see the show again -
3	I saw this show when I first moved to Vegas and it was the first Vegas show I had ever seen. I sadly paid full price during some drunken decision. The show was half full and I did not know what to expect. The show is primarily musical topless adult nursery story show. It also features Holly Madison every now and then showing her boobs. Overall the show was decent but not worth $100 a ticket. Also do not expect to see Holly much because she is only in 15% of the show to show to show them tatas.
2	As much as I dislike using text speak, Peepshow can only be described as, "WTF was that?"After meeting and taking a cute pic with Holly Madison in the AM (she said so herself that it was cute, shut up), I figured the only logical thing to do was take in her show.  I fooled myself thinking it could be more than it actually was.  Really, Holly just walks back and forth onstage tossing her jugglies around and giving the audience a couple of peek-a-boos for our time.  And yes, they're nice, if you're wondering.There was lots of singing and dancing, and there were parts where it was pretty good, but most of it didn't make sense.  The scene with Timber was entertaining, but for the most part it was just odd.  I mean, it's a supposed to be a sultry and sensual update on nursery rhymes/ kid fairy tales.  Topless girls in a show loosely based on Little BoPeep/Red Riding Hood/3 little pigs, and others.  That's odd in itself.
4	I do not agree at all with the reviews that say that this show lacked talent.  I found many of the dancers, shockingly spectacular and beautiful.  And the music was great... only the a-sexual could watch that horse saddle act to Ginuwine's, "Pony" in boredom.  No, Holly isn't in every single act, but I found myself not missing her.  She was just an extra treat every once in awhile. And no maybe she isn't the most talented dancer or singer.  Even on The Girls Next Door, Holly's talents seemed to lie in having an eye for beautiful women and running the business end of things... it seems that in that that has translated well for her into this new endeavor.  I also felt that her personality was strongly reflected in her role.  Peep is sweet, down to earth and very sexual when she turns it on.  And let's be honest,  we were all there to see her boobs.   I felt the Holly boob level was more than fair and I also feel I had a genuine "Holly experience," at least as we know her from TV.  I am glad we didn't pay for the super expensive seats, but the mid-level was perfect.  Not only, would I recommend this show, I may even consider seeing it again.  I feel like I went in expecting to be a little disappointed and ripped off, having paid for her name and not a show... but we both agreed, Peepshow was some of the best money spent and entertainment had on this trip!
5	I don't know what any of these people are talking about! Peepshow was AMAZING! After reading these reviews I didnt know what to expect, but I still wanted to go because I love Holly! I was definitely NOT disappointed at all!! Holly was on stage for the majority of the show and she looked GREAT! Josh has an amazing voice and the rest of the cast was hilarious and were all extremely talented dancers! You should all ignore the people below because the show was definitely worth going to and I would go to see it many more times!! Love Holly and Peepshow!!!!!
5	OMG - this show was one of the best shows in Vegas.  I'm sort of cheesy - I like Holly Madison and think Hef is a fool for letting that one go!  But, her show is definitely a must-see in Las Vegas in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.  Lots of energy and a lot of fun.  Purchased one of the inexpensive seats and tipped one of the Hosts a $20 bill and voile' we got a seat up close and personal.  Could reach out and touch one of the dancers if BF wanted to!  It was great from start to finish.  If you do not like nudity then don't go - but this show is very tasteful, funny, and one of the better ones in Vegas.
4	I loved the show! Maybe because I'm a big fan of Holly and love the Girls Next Door and Holly's World. It was so surreal for me to see her on stage in person. I really liked the story of the show. Its a great show for a couple to see because it caters not only to men but women too for the storyline. My favorite scene was the girl in green who was dancing on the pole. I take pole dancing at the gym and its pretty hard so I give her 5 stars for being so athletic and sexy at the same time. I went with the boyfriend and we both agreed that was the best part of the show. Josh Strickland has a great voice. He's like the Christina Aguilera in her peak of Las Vegas. You do get to see Holly a lot at the end and she's topless but I wish she was more active in the show especially because she seems like she would be the lead based on posters and billboards. I would say everyone has somewhat of an equal role. If anything, when you watch the show, you can tell who should be the lead of the show. The girls are super skinny! I can understand why they would want Holly to loose weight compared to them. When I when to see her show, I thought her body was fine especially for the men who don't like super skinny girls.
3	The show was good, but if you are going to see Holly Madison don't bother.  She really doesn't do anything; seemingly her name is on the show to truly sell tickets only.  Props to the supporting cast!
4	Love the show... Josh did a good job.  Timber was a funny part.  Holly looks hot and topless.  It's a lot of skin in show.  We enjoyed the show and we recommend to go see the show.  Worth it...doesn't matter where you seat you'll get a view!!!
5	We had a great time. Would see it again. In some ways it was what I was expecting & in others it wasn't. My husband & I went to celebrate our 1 yr anniversary & we also met her after the show. She is wonderful. Would recommend for anyone to watch.
3	The music was the draw of the show by far. The skits were cute and hot. Holly Madison only makes small short visits on stage so if you are going solely to check her out, you will not be satisfied. When she is on stage she is so cute skipping about. She is slender yet jiggly at the same time, love that! Beautiful women in this show as well. I would see it again but bext time get VIP seating.My milkshake brings all the guys to the yard...yes I want a milk bath!WARNING: IF ATTENDING THIS SHOW MAKE SURE YOU GET VIP ONLY! OTHERWISE YOU WILL BE STUCK IN THE BACK WITH ALL OF THE OTHER PUNISHED SCHOOL KIDS LIKE I WAS. HORRIBLE!
1	Save your money.... The worst show I've ever seen.
3	I enjoyed the PEEP Show more than many Cirque du Soleil shows that I've seen at Vegas, especially "LOVE".I am not a fan of Holly Madison but I liked how they changed the fairy tale story of Red Ridding Hood, Three Little Pigs and Bo Pee. But my favorite is still Zumanity.
4	It was a cute show, but for those that only heard "Holly Madison" -- listen to the 'striptease' part of the description!!!I totally didn't realize that it was just act after act of girls in sexy outfits taking it off -- not even dancing all the time.  I wasn't offended or grossed out as it wasn't trashy (looking at you pussycat*doll*lounge) I just couldn't believe that's what I signed up for.  I sat in the 2nd-3rd row on the right side, so I had a good view of a few girls up close and Holly as she sauntered by.  It's true, she doesn't dance until the end of the show, but she does show up to play a small part in almost every scene.  It was really exciting to see Holly in person, being a fan of the original Girls Next Door.I had been waiting for the milk scene after reading the reference so many times -- I think I watched in a little bit in shock.  Haha, ENJOY!I had a beer down in the casino before I headed into the show, so I can't comment on the in house drinks/drink service.
4	Wanted to do a showWanted to do a show that was Adult! :)Ended up watching Peepshow...GOOD SHOW, mix of alot of various entertainment... comedy, acrobats, magic, lots of singing, dancing, acting, hot girls, and NUDITY! in a tasteful somewhat tease manner :)    eyecandy for the ladies as well..not totally just a man's show for all girls or so.Worth seeing, holly madison is damn gorgeous in person.  Go Peep it out and find out for yourself.
1	I just moved to Vegas and had been watching Holly's World since the beginning so I could not wait to see Peepshow! I'm a HUGE FAN of Holly, Josh, (and Angel too!)My review is bitter sweet. Josh is the real star of the show. Holly has no talent, she does nothing except show her boobs twice.  I caught myself yawning like 5 times. DO NOT PAY FOR MEET AND GREET. This was the biggest waste of money ever. My husband was sweet enough to surprise me with meeting her and it was very disappointing. She was wearing a pink baggy SWEAT SUIT with her hair in a BUN.  Ok people, why do I look better than Holly? I was expecting her to come out in costume at least so I could have a cute picture.  Everyone gathers at the front of the stage, you wait for her to come out, toast some champagne, stand in line and wait for your turn for her to say "who do I sign the photo to" and you get one shot with your camera.   I was really bummed, I wish Josh would have come out instead!  I GOT A BETTER PICTURE WITH THE POSTER IN THE LOBBY!Holly clearly did not want to be there, she looked bored and was totally fake. The show needs to end too, she was just going through the motions........
5	I just moved to Vegas and my girlfriend came out to visit, so my wonderful husband got VIP tickets for Peep Show. We had 8pm seating so no meet and greet at this show but we still enjoyed.The beverage service and drinks were good. Our seats were awesome.All the girls in the show are beautiful, Josh is amazing, I did read here that some people didn't like the show but we both really enjoyed. I guess you can't please everyone.
4	Boobies!!  Lots of boobies!I really wanted to see this show because I loved watching Holly Madison on her reality show.. hubby wanted to see the show because of Holly and the all the boobies.. The show wasn't too bad.. the singers were good.. dancers were good.. Holly was literally eye candy for the show.. she didn't do much.. she popped in and out in every scene.. but she did sing.. and that was just OK.This is my first boobie show that I've ever seen.. so I can't really make any comparison.. but I did enjoy the show.. We had great seats.. and I bought hubby a program with Holly as the centerfold..
4	Gosh every single girls were so HOT and Holly was amazing and beautiful as always! I expected more from her but what can I say she not a dancer nor a actress but overall I think everyone did a amazing job!
4	This show was awesome!  I received comp tickets and wasn't aware that it was a topless review, but I rolled with the punches.  We sat in the front row and had a great view.  The dancers are all really fit and toned and I left vowing not to touch another carb to put myself on some sort of "dancer workout".  Ladies, if you have any insecurity about having your man watch hot chicks dance around, you might want to leave him in the casino.  Holly Madison doesn't do a lot of dancing, but in all honesty, the woman's a reality show start, not a professional dancer.  She pops on and off stage for cameos, while the other dancers and Josh do their thing.  Overall it was a great show and I would recommend it!
5	I don't often write reviews. I only write when I disagree with other Yelp reviews or if there are rarely any reviews for the subject. I am going to keep this one short and sweet. I am a big Holly Madison fan, I think she is GORGEOUS. To be able to see her in person at the show was a real treat. The show was very entertaining and I highly recommend it. Other reviews avg 3 stars for this show, well I think not this show really deserves a 4.5 stars but I will round off and give it a 5. *Helpful Tip* if anyone is planning to see this show  be sure to book it early to get good seating and might as well get the VIP seat for a little bit more money because you get so close to the stage that you almost get to touch the performers.
5	This was a very good show. Both my wife and I enjoyed it. Yes it is a topless show so no kiddies. The show had good production value and was interesting to watch. Although it is topless it is done in a classy way and you actually don't pay much attention to the topless ladies (and men) after awhile. There is a bar outside and drink service before the show starts. The only down side was that Holly Madison it not very involved in the show she is more there just to bring people in it they replaced her the show would still be excellent. I would see this show again.
5	I LOVED Peepshow!! Because of all of the poor Yelp reviews, I went in with low expectations. I've been a follower of the Girls Next Door for ages, and Holly's always been my favorite. I have to agree that it was a treat to see her perform, even if her role wasn't a huge one. I squealed a little when she appeared. Josh Strickland is one AMAZING vocal artist. I was completely blown away by his performance, and I'd hate to imagine Peepshow without him. I'm not even sure they could pull it off! He carried the entire show, and I adore him for his vocal power.Loved the music. Loved (most of) the acts. Never got bored and found myself rockin' out with the upbeat music. My husband really liked the show as well. Opt for better tickets as the lower priced seating is NOT comfortable. The usher directed us to the wrong place at first and we were sardines in a can. We moved to our actual seats which were much better. Honestly, I'd love to see this again so that I can see Holly sing :)
1	What a JOKE! I guess I watch too many dance shows because I was not impressed.  IT was not at all entertaining.  The dancers were not synchronized with each other, their dance moves were very simplistic, and it just did not look professional.  As for Holly, I now know why she is single, not only is she stupid (I am basing this off of the Girls Next Door episodes), this show shows how talentless she is. All she does is stand there and giggle. The show is not at all done sensually or sexy, it is more like a stupid comedy. A more appropriate title would have been, "Opps, there's my boobs!"  Don't waste your money.  I would have been more entertained by a high school musical (not the movie). My husband and I both left after thirty minutes of enduring this pathetic show and walked out laughing because we couldn't believe that we had wasted our money on this.  We would have been better entertained by burning our money.
5	This was an AMAZING show! Holly looked great and did a really good job! The other women were all beautiful, talented, and amazing. My favorite was Mrs. Peter. If you like burlesque then this is a must see show!!!! I would definitely go to see it again! Our seats were so close and amazing!!!
4	Best show for bachelorette/bachelor parties!! Don't go here if you are shy about nudity because you will see plenty of it!My girlfriends and I went to this show because we got free front row tickets. My friend's cousin Carolyn Pace was one of the dancers. She's the Asian one. She was awesome by the way. Too bad she isn't there anymore. I was very surprised about the content. Sometimes I felt like I was in a strip club and other times I felt like I was in a comedy show. They had a variety of different musical acts and they got the audience involved as well. My only problem with this show is with Holly Madison. This girl barely does anything. Her name is the reason why people go, but she's doesn't really do anything except stand around. Dancing and singing are not her specialties. I think they only hired her to put a famous face in the show.I won't give away a lot, but the story revolves around Holly Madison's dreams. A dream sequence gives you plenty of creative ideas for the show. I saw a girl on a bear skin rug, a girl on a horse, and of course, a girl on a pole. Both guys and girls would get a kick out of this show because it's more entertaining than a strip club, plus you get a lot eye candy. Guys will thoroughly enjoy it I'm sure. Girls, don't go if you're a prude. You won't enjoy it.
4	We got a great deal for our seats, I went to Holly Madison's website and there's a link to get the tickets discounted (we got ours for 40% off but I just checked the website and now it looks like it's only $30.00 off).  We sat at Row I and the seats were right in the middle of the stage and we were probably only about less than 10 feet away from the stage.  We got to see everything really up close.  I think Holly Madison is suppose to sing a song but she didn't sing that night because she had lost her voice, I would have liked to see that performance from her.  The other singers were great.
5	Let's face it. I'm a saucy girl who loves getting dirty with the T&A. Who cares about the story line?! I get to see Holly's cellulite (thank god she's normal!) sexy wet man bodies, and omg...THE SWING!!! I had to excuse myself during that one - HOTT!!! At times I had to compare my tatas to theirs and overall felt like I had two perks up on them. This show is definitely not for the timid. My two girlfriends and I were the obnoxious girls screaming at the top of our lungs while our other two slightly more conservative friends were hiding their faces away from us. LMAO. After reminiscing from this show, I think I need to excuse myself again. ;-)
4	My wife and I bought VIP seating tickets for her brother and fiance as birthday gifts. We were both scepticle about PeepShow based on previous reviews. We were so wrong. We purchased bottle service for $55 (twice), we seemed to be the only table odering table service, come on its VEGAS and bottle service for $55 (plus tip) is cheap. I could not believe how cheap the other VIP tables were being. The highlight of the show was that our table was singled out (could it have been because of the bottle service?) and my bro-in-law was taken on stage and Holly fondled my hair as she walk blindfolded off the front of the stage. The definate highlight part of the show was Josh singing Pony, great voice and the female pole dancer. She has some serious skills and knows how to work that pole. We got Hollys attention and got her to look over  and smile and wave at our table with just a little bit of yelling and screaming, it works, try it. Get VIP seating, its worth it. Every show we see in Vegas we attemp to get VIP seating, why not?? Its Vegas.The only downfall was of the 3 guys from the audience, one being my bro-in-law, another guy and the last was Timber who made it prety obvious that he was part of the show, even after 5 or 6 (i lost count) screwdrivers, it was pretty obvious. Holly is beautiful and i can definately tell the difference between her and the other girls in her show and a few other topless shows in Vegas, Zumanity being one. Grade A Choice, thats why Good-ol-Heff chose her.
1	I am really glad that we bought our tickets at one of the discount ticket places because this is the worst show we have ever seen in Las Vegas. Even with the reduced prices, we still felt grossly overcharged for this 1.5-hour wreck.Holly Madison does not do much during the show...just walks around and attempts singing and dancing for a few minutes. Despite the fact that she has been doing this show for a while now, she still looks awkward and stiff. Whether or not she is "chubby," as others have said, doesn't matter to me. What does matter is that she cannot perform at all.The rest of the dancers are not exactly synchronized and their routines are nothing special. The singing is pretty good, but after a while, this show just drags. Yes, you get to see boobies, but it was boobies for boobies sake - the storyline makes no real sense.The highlights of the show were "Timber" and the pole-dancer in green. I won't say more for those who are still going to see the show. Ultimately, I think that for the price, one can see a better show. I recommend Zumanity.P.S. The ushers can be real jerks. Don't you dare even glance at your phone before the show or think that you can sneak in even a piece of candy...
1	How on earth is this show still on?  I went two years ago with friends, it was terrible.  Why oh why do people pay for this?You will get far better value for your money by placing it all on black.
3	Love Holly! Holly gets 5 stars! She also actually got naked which surprised me. If you have a bachelor party, VIP seats are way worth it. Holly, I believe is the only reason why this show has lasted. Not impressive especially for Vegas Standards and I'll say why, but hopefully without giving the show away. One of the dancers couldn't even do a whole split. A good part of the choreography was just a lot of girls walking around topless on stage (and if that was what I was after I could just go to a strip club and I bet those girls actually know what to do with a stripper pole which brings me to my next point). I actually got excited when I saw the stripper poles but sadly only one girl really did anything with it and she was not very talented (She didn't or couldn't even climb the pole herself, she needed a boost up). I have taken pole classes at S Factors and everything she did I could have done! Also, I really thought there would be more of a storyline. It was kind of all over the place. Holly's friend, Justin ?, got parts in the show which made the girl audience go wild. He was a very talent singer and I would say better then the girl lead. I really expected to see Angel after seeing Justin! :P This show was cool but not for $100 plus. It's more like a $50 show. But like I said if you have a bachelor party (its optional, but I would probably get buzzed first as it is less likely for you to be disappointed) then the show will probably be worth it. There are definitely plenty of beautiful, young girls getting topless. There were also super strict about you using your phone and this was the only show I saw in Vegas that had to look in my purse and told me to turn off my phone.
4	The show was amazing! So glad I went! The dancers were hot! the singing was awesome...the skits were great... especially the guy who sang had a beautiful voice!  killed the song pony! The show was funny and entertaining! Was a little sad that Holly Madison didnt do much during her own show except for a few singing and dance moves but still stood out as the best and not because she was topless! Something about her!Highlights is that the theater is small so no matter how far you sit...you still feel like your a few feet away! Read some bad reviews but def. disagree! go watch and see for yourself
1	Awful. Don't waste your time and money on this "burlesque" rip-off.  I've seen burlesque and cabaret shows before, and typically there is some talent and humor involved.  Although a couple of the dancers were somewhat talented, Peep Show was not funny - it was depressing and pathetic and hard to watch.  Seriously, people.  Just say NO.
5	Attended the show today and loved it! I went there before reading any reviews to be surprised. Holly as the main headliner doesn't do the majority of dancing & singing but reels the audience in with some charismatic performances. The rest of dancers were superb with original music, amazing singing and magnetizing choreography. Their numbers were all very entertaining and not raunchy even with alot of boob show; it's a burlesque type of show, what do people expect?! I liked that the majority of the performers were 'a la natural' except for a few of the girls that had obvious voluptuous chest like Holly. We got the tickets a few months in advance and got a great deal to up grade to VIP seating where the girls were a few feet from us! We had to turn a few times around as the girls are all over the stage. One of the best performances for me was the dancer working the pole, that's some upper body strength and made it look so incredibly effortlessly.
4	Loved the show! Holly is so gorgeous! Lot's of T&A, and beautiful bodies. The whole show is a stimulation to the eyes. The show is a sultry spin-off to the stories of Mother goose. Great dancing and the singers were good too. The would be awesome for a bachelors or a few couples (us) that want to see some burlesque fun.
4	This was a very good Vegas show!  I went into this show blindly.  My friend got me and my gf free tickets, so we figured Why Not?  It turned out to be an excellent show.  We were sitting in the 2nd row from the tables in front.  EXCELLENT SEATS.The show is based on Fairy Tales with a "twist."  All of the women are beautiful and the dancing and "stunts" are good.  It is mostly a topless show.  There were several couples that were there together...mostly middle aged couples... probably looking to have a good time.This is really a great show.  I would've paid to see it... and I would see it again.
4	This was a fabulous show.  The costumes, set, storyline, music and dancers were ALL great! Emcee is amazing and charismatic. You will be amazed how gracefully these dancers glide through their stunts. And I call them "stunts" because "dance routines" make it sound easy. Holly has a minor role but does kill it in Teddy Bear song. And there is no doubt ALL of these girls have to be in shape.Loved the costumes and the storyline too. Wasn't impressed with Josh - while many people write about him and his wonderful singing talent, my boyfriend and I thought he sounded like Christina Aguilera - yes a girl.We bought our tickets that morning at the half price ticket place and were pleased with our seats - which were in the back of the first tier. I wouldn't want to sit too close because you will miss all the acrobatics and aerial dances. Definitely worth it!
1	Despite buying the tickets from a discount ticket booth, I felt robbed and want 1.5 hours of my life back!  This was a $20 dollar show at best.  Other than having a rocking body, Holly has no talent.  Couldn't sing or dance. Nothing.  The storyline made about as much sense as any porno...not anything coherent.  Singers were good, but again, they were singing about fairy tales... literally, "little miss muffet, bo peep, and the big bad wolf." The one saving grace was when they pulled people from the audience to the stage.  There was some good comedy value there.  The show dragged on and on... I literally fell asleep. Someone suggested Zumanity as an alternative to this... don't bother, I fell asleep there as well.   If you are a woman, this may have a little more appeal... not sure why, but my wife enjoyed it.
4	Bought middle tickets in the last minute and they gave us a free upgrade with seats close to the stage!Expect a lot dancing and lots of singing.I didn't know this was a topless show, so once the tops came off, the guys in the audience were cheering loudly.18 and up only.
4	Loved loved this sexy strip tease show from Holly Madison! We had VIP seats at table 13 right under the main stage. We got to see everything so closed up, some of the dancers even talked to us, a hot girl used our bottle water to splash on her chest! So sexy! Drinks are around $15 each, and they are strong, they have specialty peep show cocktails too. I had 2 peeptini, so yummy! I liked it a lot that most of dancers have natural boobs, and their dancer bodies are just sooo hot! And some male dancers did some strip tease too. :) all performers were very energetic and professional. They brought some hot guy from the audience, he actually was one of the dancers too, but he acted so good. They had so many themed performances, costumes, very creative. This show started with a short film of Holly. She performed about only 10 minutes in the entire show, most of the time she just stood there and acted sexy. But she did went topless, stripped down to just a sexy G string. So I was OK with her "performance", I like her a lot, she is so pretty! Overall I loved this show, very entertaining and sexy! Loved those hot natural dancer bodies! Plus Holly's hotness! Amazing! All the staffs were very friendly and helpful. Perfect for a sexy yet romantic date night entertainment, it adds a little bit spice to your Vegas trip for sure! Ps. No cameras and phones are allowed in the theatre, very strict, have to turn off phones as soon as you enter the theatre.
2	What a snooze fest. I actually got a deal  on expedia, and ended up paying about $110 per person for VIP front row seats, and I was quite disappointed. I love Holly Madison from the days she was on the Girls Next Door to her own reality show, she makes a very entertaining realty star. But i can't say she can act, sing, or dance. The story line was alright, playing into different childhood tales, but it wasn't engaging. I literally felt like I was at a stripper's club with live singers. It wasn't a stage performance, it was plain and simple stripping.
4	I went with my boyfriend on 11/21 we had bought tickets online in advance VIP table #11. We were pissed to find out that you have to wait in line with the people that are buying last minute tickets because they have no will call booth.We really liked Peepshow. It kept us entertained the whole show. We were really close to the stage & right next to one of the runway things. I really recommend a VIp table. Holly didn't have a huge part but she showed her boobs so my boyfriend was happy lol. Holly is like a barbie type.. I know other people were saying she needs to hit the gym but I think her body was hot she would look wird all toned & stuff shes just not that type.  Most of the dancers were extremely talented and the lead singer was hilarous. It was a fun show. The drinks are quite expensive & they take FOREVER to get. We were halfway through the show before our first one arrived. They were pretty strong drinks though. The waitress we had told us our total, so we paid & then she came back saying we owed more money & interupted the show again. So we thought that was pretty unprofessional.All in all it was a good show. We thought it was worth the money.. But we love Holly.
1	First of all, the usher was really rude!  The show does not start till 9pm and one of the usher kept harassing me at 8:30 pm to turn off my cell phone when I aw trying to figure out how to turning it off.  There is really no point on that because this is the adult show (topless) and the simple annoucement will do (and they did) like all other shows.  Secondly, what a HORRIBLE show!  The plot is bad and not to mention Holly Madison cannot sing, act, or dance!  For the entire 90 minutes, she shows up 15 minutes top!  This is absolutely waste of money even though we only paid 2  for 1 price!  If your intension is to see Holly Madison topless (fake BTW) you will be enjoying about 5 minutes of that.  "Bite" at Stratosphere is a much better topless show and cheaper than Peepshow.  I would not even give one star and that is how bad it is.
5	This was our first show in Vegas during our wedding / honeymoon week. My wife wanted me to book something sexy for our first night in town and after doing alot of research I came up with Peepshow. Neither of us knew who Holly Madison was, but after seeing her up close in this show we both agreed she is hot.I ordered VIP tickets months in advance so I was pleased to find out we were seated at table 1, front left center. They warned us ahead of time we might get splashed, and we did, by milk and bathwater, no biggie, it was all good. Some people suggested sitting back farther to see the whole show but we had no problem being so close. A few times during the show we had to turn left or right to see some of the show that moved out onto the catwalks that go into the crowd a few rows, but not a problem. Another nice thing about being so close is we could hear some of the things the performers were saying to each other (and us) and a few times the girls were practically on our table. Very nice.The show had everything we wanted. Singing, dancing, choreography, a storyline, comedy, and most of all hot sexy dancers showing boobies, lots of boobies. My wife thought the guys in the show were hot too. Some people say that Holly doesn't really do much in the show, but I have to disagree. We thought she was the central focus of the show, and she was on stage involved in most of the acts. Ok so she wasn't the lead vocalist or the storyteller. Still, she was the Peep in Peepshow. Drinks were expensive, as expected, I forget how much I spent. A nice couple next to us bought us some really strong shots because we were newlyweds.The waitress was not a distraction from the show, and let us settle our tab when the show was over.Highly recommended.
3	I'll admit, if I didn't have such a strange fascination with Holly Madison, this would be an easy 2/5. However, she makes it interesting, despite her short stage appearance time. First things first, if you are going solely for Holly, I'd advise you to Skip this show, as she is only in it for a short period of time. However she does manage to make her presence worth the admission price alone. However, I do love burlesque shows, and so I'll admit this delivered the goods for the most part despite being heavily flawed.The highlights are easy: holly (of course), the hilarious Peep Diva, the female singers, the special effects and the songs, despite being styled like generic radio pap I absolutely despise. The milkshake is pretty funny too, with the gigantic tub of milk, though it had me wondering where they got all that milk from. Timber was pretty funny as well and them painting him with pink was priceless.The downsides? Two words: JOSH STRICKLAND. I have no idea who he was originally, but his lady voice was so distracting and it took away from the show. Hearing him slaughter "Feeling Good" was depressing. "SUUUN IN THE SKAAAAAAHHHH YEH KNOW WHAT I MEAAAAN!!!" Ugh. I have a feeling he was lip singing an auto tuned vocal track. I noticed several suspicious robotic shifts in his voice. The "pink" song was utterly lame and unintentionally hilarious too. A song about someone being obsessed with pink? Get real. Also, I think the show has run it's course. At times it seemed a bit tired, like people were going through the motions. Not that it was bad, it's just... Tired. If you can get discounted (or preferably, free) tickets, do go. But otherwise, skip this and see Zumanity, much superior show instead.
3	Sigh. I really wanted to like this show. There were aspects of it that I did like but I didnt leave thinking "wow that was so good!" or "that was worth the $$" and I didnt even pay! The first part of the show, all you see is holly's back. -__-'' But no worries her boobies will come out later. Overall, I really liked the Green pole dancer. The chosen guy was really awkward cute n__n  Most of the girls surprisingly had real boobs. I've never seen so many boobies in my life. I suggest just waiting for discount tickets the night of or before the show. We watched it Christmas weekend and the row in front of us was completely empty.
3	First time I've ever been to a burlesque type show in Vegas.  I actually liked it.  I wasn't expecting anything much.  We actually thought it was just a strip tease and no show.  Well let's start from the beginning.Aubrey O' Day does have some singing chops, but wow has she let herself go.  So the whole idea is it's a burlesque show with a storyline.  Yes you get to see naked women. The songs were contemporary and there were a few guys in the show so it's not just for men. It's definitely geared for both sexes.I did enjoy it and would see it again.
4	This is the first show I've seen in Vegas... I'm a fan of Holly Madison from watching her on "The Girls Next Door".  I'm happy to see that she is doing well for herself and having fun.  The story & costumes are fun and there is a lot of creativity in the song and dance.  I'm a captive audience member and was surprised by a few of the cool things they did.  I'm glad we didn't get the VIP table seats and got the 2nd row instead.  I don't really like being below the stage and looking up, so take that into consideration if you're contemplating VIP.  We bought 1 drink each at the bar before the show and they were tasty!  Something like a Washington Apple with sour apple pucker & cranberry.This was a fun outing for a double date and I enjoyed it.  I also think it would be fun to do in a group of ladies during a Bachelorette weekend.  Do I feel the need to see it again?  No, probably not.  It's a one & done thing that I can say I've done!Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
1	Do not go to this show with any expectations for anything other than topless women and acrobatics.  The women are beautiful and capable of amazing flexibility, let's just say that.On the other hand, the "humor" is raunchy (which they warned us about) and not a bit funny (which they didn't).  The attempt at a story line is a shambles.  It involves odd and unclear connections to some randomly-selected children's fairy tales.  The music appeared to be pre-recorded, since no musicians were visible or acknowledged.  And I'm not entirely sure the vocals weren't pre-recorded either.And here's the part that finally killed it for me:  The lead actress (not Holly) ended the show by literally demanding that everyone in the audience rise up and give the cast a standing ovation!  Never before, in my entire theater-going life, have any performers ended any show by asking the audience to give them a standing ovation.  How pathetic.As far as Holly Madison:  Her role isn't minimal, and she's onstage a fair amount, but it is very tightly scripted and controlled, with none of the spontaneity that we all loved about her in The Girls Next Door.  A little audience interaction or Q&A would have gone a long way, and whoever decided not to trust her to just be herself, for at least some small part of this production, is a fool.In fairness, a lot of people seemed to enjoy the show.  But the couple in front of us walked out before it was over, and we were tempted to join them.
3	I have been to many shows, and of all of them this is my least favorite. There isn't very much talent and no clear storyline. If you are a guy and want to see naked chicks, I would suggest Zumanity because you get that plus talent. My friends who came with me had never been to a show in Vegas and they weren't very impressed either. I would honestly choose this show as a last resort (we actually did because everything else was sold out).
5	THis is my first show ever in Vegas and I'm SOOOO glad I went! I'm a huge fan of Holly Madison from "The GIrl's Next Door" and seeing her performance in person was amazing. She played the role really well and very cutesy (well as cute as  you can be topless). The show is much more than a strip tease burlesque show, there's singing and a story line to every performer (the singers were amazing btw, Josh from Holly's World LOVE!) My favorite was the green dancer (I can't remember her name...) and there's also male dancers + audience interaction so its definitely not a 'male's only' type show! I highhlyy recommend checking this show out!P.S. if you don't want to pay full price because you A) don't think its worth it B) on a budget or C) would rather save money for alchyyy I recommend buying the tickets at the Tix4Tonight booths! we got our amazing seats for just 67$! (compared to the usual 90something-100something full price).
4	Cool show for men or women. Holly Madison ass is wonderful. Make sure you get a front row seat. All the girls are beautiful. Most of them have natural breast and the music and dancing is good.Come early and grab a bite t eat at the Strip Bar next door. Fun show to check out either with your friends or with your wife or with whoever. Holly Madison is most of the show and does a great job by the way.
1	Your better off giving your money away to the street performers. The lack of imagination creativity and talent mostly on Hollys part is very palpable-or it might be that I just have been spoiled rotten by all the great shows that I've seen here in Vegas in all years that I've been coming here.What threw me off the most was what Happend to an audience member next when she made the mistake of snapping a shot, Dont you dare take a picture because the GESTAPO will come and hunt you down, specially if during the middle of the show Holly and her sidekick stop the show to announce that someone took a picture and they need to go get them. I was sadden,appalled and embarrassed for the lady that got almost DRAGGED OUT of her chair to be confronted by by the Gestapo security/ushers that they have. After witnessing what was  going on for 10 minutes and sitting down on a half empty auditorium I couldn't get over the fact that someone could get treated this way in front of the audience. I understand that there is regulations but to HUMILIATE someone that is paying your salary is not the way to handle this kind of situations.I couldnt wAit for the show to be over, pulled out my cell phone to check what time it was and guess what occurred next. I was confronted by one of there Gestapo security guards/ushers and was FORCED to turn off my cell phone. Immediately after that occurred I had no choice but to leave because because of personal/business matters my cell phone needs to be on at all times.I have seen about 10-15 shows and have never witness such a LACK OF RESPECT for another human being. Holly/Side kick you guys still have a long way to go and don't deserve to be a demanding B's. I'm sorry to break it to you but you are not anywhere near an icon status.
1	If I could give this negative stars, I would. I was a huge fan of Holly Madison and dragged my friends to see this because I just KNEW it would be great. WRONG. Holly has no talent, and she looked awkward and uncomfortable the whole time. There was zero story line, and I just started laughing halfway through because it was so terrible. We got these tickets for free (that should have been our first clue...) and I STILL felt like I got robbed. Also, we went on a Saturday night in the middle of Spring Break, and the theater was 30% full (I'm serious). I think that says a lot...Just don't waste your money, your time, or your dignity. Go see 'O' instead. I was a huge fan of Holly before this and I left feeling like I got punched in the face by the harsh reality that reality stars have no talent (who would have known....). Terrible.
2	I just saw this one 3/31/12. Let me start off by saying I am never one to obsess over celebrities and never really paid any attention to Holly Madison nor did I know much about her except she has a past with Playboy. After seeing this show, I have no idea how she has her own show in Vegas to be honest with you. She doesn't do or say much the first 20 minutes of the show and just kind of stands around. If this was her first show, it would have been more understandable, but she cannot act, looks awkward on stage, and more importantly, has absolutely no stage presence.  This next next part may be harsh, but I am coming more from who she is surrounded by on stage, so keep that in mind...the girl needs to lose weight. Yes, it may sound harsh, however when you are the star of the show, topless several times, and surrounded by women that are in great shape, it just doesn't seem right. In addition, the male dancer, the wolf, was questionable at best. For having a main part in a big show in the strip, I just thought they could have casted a guy that was in better shape and find a better dancer. Let's be honest, that's not that hard to find. There were some good parts to the show, and overall, I would say the show is entertaining. I didn't walk out disappointed or sad that I wasted money on the show, but I would have been upset if I paid full price for tickets. The show isn't very creative at all.  I wouldn't pay full price for tickets, just buy them from the discount ticket booths on the strip. We sat in the section right behind the VIP section and the seats were GREAT. The theater isn't that big, so there are many really good seats.
2	There's only  so many ways you can show someone taking off their clothes.  The unifying theme is weak at best, and Holly Madison is pretty terrible.  The girls are all beautiful, and talented dancers, but over all the show just isn't fun.If you are looking for an adult show that is worth your time and money see Zumanity
3	The show was ok , we had a good time but for the price it could of been WAY better! holly probably comes out 5 times max  like 15 minutes maybe less...  My husband loved it because you get to see a lot of skin!
4	I liked the show very much.  I agree with others who say that Holly Madison was a disappointment but the show was very good.  I enjoyed the singers and dancers very much.
2	What a lame show! Holly has no talent (no acting, no dancing) other than a beautiful body and she doesn't have to say much so that's almost a bonus. The supporting singers and dancers did a great job and would have been better off without her. I got about 4 minutes of laughs out of the show but had to fight falling asleep for the rest of it.There must be better shows in Las Vegas to spend your money on!
3	As a huge Girls Next Door fan, I don't regret going to this show or to spending top dollar to get seats so close that I could have reached out and touched Holly had I wanted to get tossed out of the show. But the show itself was just okay. Holly isn't that talented and thus really doesn't have a huge roll in the show. The other performers ARE very talented but I didn't love the show, only the experience of seeing the celebrity. If you're a Holly fan, I would recommend seeing it, but only if you're willing to spend the money to be close enough to really see her.
3	My rating is average because I believe this show is just average.  It is just dancing, singing, a little audience interaction, but mostly nothin too special about H Madison.  The real credit goes to the back up singers, the Diva dj of the house and the male singer.  Man can they sing.I was a little tired going into this show and coming off KA which is impressive by the way but I take each show with a fresh perspective and this show was just, well not worth the money.  Maybe for 20 a head instead of 65 or 95 or 125...I mean anyone can see girls dancing topless to music and colorful lights but over all it was nothing special.  H Madison barely doesn't do anything.  I think she is just there to sell her name to the show, no offense.  She is freaking gorgeous.dp
3	Came here because the girl wanted to come see Holly Madison.I wasn't expecting very much, but after the show I was surprised I liked it.Holly doesn't really do much in this production. She moves around, talks around, and shows her huge breasts. SHE HAS NO TALENT WHATSOEVERHer fellow performers are the real stars of the show. the singing and the dancing was simply fabulous all around.
2	Meh.  Maybe I was tired, maybe I was hungover, or maybe the show just didn't live up to expectations.  Expected to see more of Holly throughout the show, but I agree with the other reviewers.  The cast was the star of this show, and Holly was the proverbial cherry on the top.
1	WORST VEGAS SHOW I'VE EVER SEEN.  I went with a girlfriend for her bachelorette party last year some time... and it was by far the lamest Vegas show I've ever been to.  I like "peep" shows just as much as the next person but this one was awful. Vegas topless shows are usually very entertaining and attention holding.  For the cost, this show is definitely not worth it.  Tickets are overpriced because Holly is in the show... and quite frankly, her topless... is nothing I need to pay to see... I have the internet! (Most of the other girls in the show have real breasts... you know, the kind that move with them... which is a positive)  I believe that the premise of the show was good... and could have been done more artfully and tastefully than the current version.  I think the show has entertaining potential! That said, the lines were terrible... the only redeeming part of the show was... I think little green riding hood? I don't know but she was the best performer! She did a number on pole... and was relatively talented. The music and singing were... terrible at best... the dancers were not synchronized... A HUGE WASTE OF A NIGHT IN VEGAS!!
4	Great show good music and they have some amazing looking performers I got upgraded to seats closer to the stage so I have a nice view and I had a very fun time.
5	I am a HUGE Holly Madison fan and would definitely see it again.  My husband and I was in the VIP seating and loved it.  This show is for both men and women, you will all enjoy it.  There are so many beautiful women to watch and men too, that have great talent.   Then don't forget Holly Madison, she sang a song and she was great.  They all did a great job, looked like they were having fun and it was very entertaining.  This is by far my favorite Vegas show.
3	it was cute. enjoyed the show. Holly is beautiful. :)
5	Super entertaining and a really fun and funny show.  We sat in the front row right behind VIP... and it was great.  I loved the costumes and the humor in the show really made it worth it.
4	I came here with the wife, we found a deal to get the tickets for pretty cheap so it seemed like a good idea. The theater was not too full, we had an empty seat to on both sides of us and 3 right in front which was great to have the extra leg and arm space (We sat in the back section). The crowd was pretty much made up of couples like ourselves. The show itself was pretty good. I can only compare it to Zumanity when it comes to topless shows and I enjoyed this much more. Better storyline, not crude and I enjoyed the music. There were some slow parts here and there but overall not a bad show.
4	It's Holly Madison. If you are already a fan (as I am),  it is an entertaining show. She is not known for her singing or acting ability so watch something else if that's what you want. Josh is amazing. The dancers and other singers are talented. It's a cheeky show...enjoy!
2	i REALLY wanted to like this show.  I've been watching Holly since her girls next door days and was excited to see what her life had become in Vegas.. The show isn't actually all bad... it has it's funny moments.. however few there may be... but overall it's borderline cheesy.  Yes, the girls are topless but it's all cheesy [yes, i said it again] remakes of common songs with average choreography.   And "starring Holly Madison" is false advertisement.  Yeah she's there... she's suppose to be a main character.. but she doesn't really do too much.. I don't regret going, especially since we got discounted tickets off of travelzoo, but I don't think I would recommend it.
5	Seeing Holly's last show is Dec. 30th, I had to see it this past trip to Vegas. I can see where other reviewer's say that Holly has no real talent, but I think that part is played up even more in the shows story line. She comes off innocently sweet and sexy. Josh is WOW...AMAZING! The host was great and dancers are sexy. Enjoyed the show!
3	We had second row seats so we got to see everything up close and personal... maybe too close. My friend was shocked at how Holly looks from a few feet away and was convinced that it wasn't her for awhile. The singing and dancing of her fellow performers is impressive. This show is fun if you're drinking, but I would never pay full price for it.
4	Great entertainment for Men and Women.Loved the dancing singing and sexy ppl.Will go back again
3	We hadn't planned on attending this show but picked up one of the mini Vegas magazines from the backseat of a Vegas cab and found a 2 for 1 ticket coupon where we went online and got to pick our own seats.  You can also get this deal at the Half Price Ticket booths along the strip although using them won't allow you to pick your own seats.  As for seating, the most expensive seats are at the very front and are tables with drink service.  I don't recommend these because most of the time people sitting there had to turn their heads backwards to see the girls dancing behind them because the stage extends outwards in the middle and sides.  When looking at a map of seating to pick your seats, behind the tables is a big chunk of seats with middle, left, and right section.  These are the best and are where everyone was sitting.  We were dead center of the middle section, 3rd row and could see everything perfectly!  Right and left sections also offered a great view.  Behind this chunk of seats is another chunk further back but only about 10 people were sitting there.  And right above that chunk is a balcony which was empty.My husband and I were pleasantly surprised at how entertaining the show was.  Having seen and hated MGM's Crazy Horse, I can see Peepshow was much better and sexier. The dancers are in fantastic shape and are all natural (excluding Holly of course!).  The theater had really great sound and the dance numbers were cool. The singers were also very talented.  Unfortunately, I have to say Holly was the worst part of the show.  She's not the star but appears occasionally to act, dance, sing, and show her breasts.  Sadly, she doesn't excel at any of these except baring her breasts. In fact, whenever she appeared the show seemed to slow and get a bit boring.  This may be why her last show is in December.The show even had some really funny moments.  At the beginning of the show they tell you there is even eye candy for the ladies but this couldn't be further from the truth. There are only two guys and they are short and not as toned as the women.  Don't expect Thunder From Down Under type of men.Overall, the show wasn't superb, Holly was a letdown, and the women could work harder on being more synchronized with their group dancing, but we enjoyed it and I would recommend it if you are looking for an adult show.  Plus, 2 for 1 tickets makes it an even better deal!
2	This show is so bizarre. It tried to have a storyline, which didn't make any sense and at points was completely laughable. The dancing was like a high school cheerleader routine. Some of the dancers were amazing, the pole dancer hands down was the best part!The person from the audience was hilarious but majorly disappointing when he turned out to be part of the show too...
3	This show was a solid 3 stars. I'd recommend seeing this for the price we did. We found tickets on Travelzoo for HALF OFF, which was awesome, since tickets were normally $80-120 (typical for Vegas). What to expect:Lots of topless women of all body types (DUH, it's called PEEPSHOW). Not offensive at all though. Dancing. Singing. Story-telling (the whole thing is based around fairy tales). Some highlights: -FUNNY! This show included some comedy, which had my group laughing hard.-Holly. She is good, but not in the show as much as I would have expected/liked.-Dancing. There was lots of dancing which was entertaining.-Ticket price on Travelzoo ($40)Hurry and see this if you want to catch Holly! She's probably not going to be there much longer. My group noticed that she had a little belly on her when we were there, and then 2 days later it came out she was preggo. Pretty funny. This is a show to see one time, but probably not necessary to check out again.
3	Peepshow was definitely an entertaining experience. It was worth the discounted price we paid for tickets, but I doubt I would venture to go see it a second time. Singing and dancing kept me entertained. There is a fair amount of topless women, but it is a peepshow and this is Vegas. It was tastefully done and I didn't find it very distracting. The show had it's moments of humor, but could have showcased a little more of Holly. I'd say it's definitely worth seeing especially if you can find cheap tickets and are in the mood for a fun, very Vegasesque type of show.
3	We were in Vegas recently welcoming a nephew to his 21st bday, and what better way to celebrate than a Vegas show?  We scored cheap seats to Peepshow, and from the reviews we read in the local rag (24x7), it was supposed to be great...so off we went!The show is actually quite good.  Great stage, great story, great story teller.....and some truly amazing athletic stunts.  The guys all appreciated the lack of clothing on the women, and the girls got to see their share of backsides.  If I stopped here, I'd give this a five star....it really was a good show, as far as Vegas shows go.BUT....I can't stop.  I have to give one warning.  If you EVER want to see the poster girl for dumb vacuous blonde with zero stage presence (but, granted, nice boobs), google Holly Madison.  My god....she can't act her way out of a paper bag, her FEW lines (thank god) sound like she's reading a cue card (which I suspect is hidden somewhere on stage), and she has a deer in the headlights look the entire time she has any stage time (which thankfully, was minimized).   It's like the movie Showgirls was real or something..... WHAT was Hugh thinking?  (oh...he's a guy...nevermind). For whatever reason, she's billed as the headline.  She could go away, and this show would go WAY up in quality.  Seriously.
4	Hubby and I went to see this on a Friday night and it was a full house! It was very entertaining and we both enjoyed how they mixed up the music with an original song then switch it to a song that mostly everyone would know (ie Milkshake/pony ect)  Now yes there were a ot of boobs but hey it is Vegas and it is billed as a topless show! But there were some nice looking men for the ladies. The only thing keeping me from giving this a full 5 stars is that Holly had just announced she's expecting so I did feel a little weird watching a pregnant chick prance around topless on stage :S Oh and even though Holly is the headliner "Peep Diva" made the show!
4	I enjoyed this show & found it really creative and entertaining! The modern sexay fairy tale theme was fun and also made for great costumes.Holly's role was during the slow parts and she basically just sweetly & innocently glided around the stage, barely saying anything throughout the show. She left a lot more to be desired but she still succeeded in somewhat tying the show together with her presence and pretty face.The dancers were hot and really good at doing whatever they were doing, my favorite parts were the pole dance and the flying pony...and the milk tank was silly & interestingThe peepshow diva was hilarious and brought a lot of energy and a great storyline to the show.I really enjoyed the music...a fast paced mix of classics + modern hip hop, always with a creative twist in the beats/vocals. The male singer was fierce and he probably half made the show. His voice caught us off guard in the beginning but by the middle I was entranced by his passionate melodies.
3	sat in front rowvery entertainingholly madison should just be a guest star if anything she doesnt dance, flashes her breast like once so u can see her plastic surgery scars =( !!but the rest of the cast was great the singing was good.man some of those dances got me kinda hot!! ex:lady with pumpkin n stripper poles/horse lady ughhgotta appreciate all size of boobies and booties i saw in the showit flowed well and kept me interested . show was about 90 mins long
4	Saw the show in Vegas Saturday 10/6 and Dear Holly, I'm going to need your extremely pregnant behind to sit the hell down somewhere off a stage, please, and thanks!!!!!!! There is something gross and extremely unsexy about watching a visibly pregnant woman in lingerie waltz around a stage at a burlesque show. Just ewwww factor for meMinus that the show was amazing and honestly the only star you see missing is for the very distracting mediocre performance Holly Madison gave while annoyingly and distractingly trying to cover her baby bump during the entire show. Other than that I loved every minute of the show and would come see it again once holly's replaced...The ladies are crazy talented and they incorporate males into the show nicely... I've seen several shows in Vegas and this is hands down one of my favorite, very tastefully done, the two background singers were just okay but I loved the high energy and fun environment the Peep DIVA who hosted was funny with lots of energy, the brick house dancer, Red, and the pumpkin pole dance along with the male act Timber were my favorites. The milk shake act was pretty good and super creative although the girl that sang during this act wasn't too good....Def worth seeing the show, and it's in Planet Hollywood which is a hotel that I love, great vibe, good food, and live clubs.
4	First of all, Holly Madison did not go topless during any part of this show. Zero. Nada. Nothing. So, if you think your going to see her tatas, you may be disappointed. At first I didn't like the show. But, as it progressed I came to really enjoy it. To be honest, Holly Madison does not add anything to this show. Her presence is simply a marketing tool. The true talent is the supporting cast. This is one of the few shows I could watch repeatedly without boredom. I enjoyed it and recommend it.
5	Wow. I can see these new reviews are HARSH. My fiancee and I went to Peepshow in August on his Bday. I bought the tickets (and the meet n greet) as a surprise for his 35th! He is a HUGE Holly fan, and every summer in Vegas we see her pics all over and somehow, we never go. Well this year was different. I heard Holly was leaving the show in dec (this was before she announced her pregnancy) and I HAD to get tickets for my fiancee before Hollys run ended. The show was great. WAY better than I had expected it to be. I bought the cheapest seats, (there was a 2 for 1 deal and the theater is teeny) and we were in the first 5 rows CENTER!! Holly was right in front of my fiancee the whole time, and she was completely TOPLESS most of the show, which I was surprised by. Dancing, talking, topless. (By these other reviews, I guess things have changed now that shes pregnant.) I expected her to just flash here n there, but nope, her top was off ALOT, as was most of the cast. Josh Strickland was also amazing. He is such a talent and should be on Broadway singing. The show was very cute and we enjoyed it. The best part for my fiancee is when everyone filed out of our section to leave, and I made him stay seated. He asked me why we werent leaving, and just  then, an usher came over to ask to see our Meet N Greet tickets. My fiancee almost DIED!! He was like "What? We are gonna meet HER"??? It was priceless. In 5 years of dating, I have never seen my fiancee speechless and NERVOUS as hell. He wasnt that nervous the day before when he proposed to me. The ushers take you to a section of the auditorium and give you a glass of champagne. Holly comes out like 5 minutes later in her t shirt and sweats and poses with each person (and each couple) and chats a few minutes. She was so sweet and nice, and even wrote Happy Birthday on my fiancee's autographed picture when we mentioned this was his birthday present. Then you exit and wait for your pics to be ready. It was a great experience and I am SO GLAD we didnt miss out, as shes only got 7 show nights left!!! THANK YOU HOLLY for a once in a lifetime experience. OXXOXOXOX
3	I saw the version with Angel Porrino. And, the singing and dancing numbers were great. Unlike the Holly Madison version, however, she does go topless. The dancing numbers were really fun, and surely the "star" of this show has little more than vignette appearances. The acts are meant to represent fairytales, but they are really only loosely tied to any stories. The dancers are absolutely amazing, and do an incredible job, I really liked all of the song and dance numbers, the girls were really talented. The women singing were also very, very talented.My complaints: Nudity felt anti-climactic and tacked on, it almost felt unnecessary, and at some points almost weird, and often rushed. During one of the final acts, in the middle of singing, the lead girl just sort of takes off her top. No one else does. And it's not as if there is something leading up to it, or even a change in the music, or anything. It seemed weird, and unnecessary.  Mid-show, they "pull" three men out of the audience, and do an awesome number with one of them. Later on, it turns out he was part of the show all along-- he does a whole number. That felt a bit disappointing, because everything that happened was only funny because you thought he was just some random guy. Overall, it was a pretty good show, the tickets are less expensive than a lot of other shows in Vegas, and I certainly wasn't disappointed.
5	I loved this show.  I have been wanting to watch this show ever since Holly's world.  I was disappointed that I didnt catch Holly Madison but instead it was Angel Porrino(who was also on Holly'sworld).  I did not want to wtach Coco who will be the star in December.  They should just keep Angel.   But anyways, I loved it.  Love Angel as Bo Peep.  The cast were so talented.  love their singing and dancing.  I did not know they would show some nudity.  But I was fine with it.  Josh (the head singer) was a great singer.  Cant wait to watch it again but I want to watch with Angel not CoCo.  Oh and for the tickets, we got a 2 for 1 deal.  Not bad at all!!!
4	I have seen every single performer who has fronted this show, from really good to really bad but last night with Coco was the BEST.Mel B. & ??? was awesome way back in the day when the show opened (but what do you expect with people who can SING & DANCE??).Holly Madison was absolutely horrible. Might as well have taped a spot on the stage for her to stand because she had no idea what was going on. Sister looked like she was lost!Angel Porrino! What a DOLL, way better (as in more enthusiastic about the 8 minutes on stage) than Holly was and way better to look at too. I hope we continue to see her around Vegas for awhile.CoCo last night owned it! Thank god they put someone in the show again who could dance. Shake that big booty girl!!! I hope eventually they change more of the show (they changed it a little between Holly & Coco) so we have more Coco dancing.
5	Smokin' hot show!   I went to see Peep Show on Dec. 6 (Thurs) night and it was a smokin' hot show with Coco and company! I had been a big fan of Holly Madison from "The Girls Next Door" and was happy to hear she was pregnant , but sad that she was no headlining the show.  After reading the previous reviews, I was surprised that she had a minor role and didn't even strip for Peep Show (even though in the Playboy mansion, she could hardly keep her clothes on!)  To call Coco aka Mrs. Ice-T a replacement is a huge understatement.  The minute she stepped onto the stage until the final curtain call, she had the whole audience howling and cheering for more Coco.  She left nothing to the imagination!  She has such a voluptuous and sexy figure!  All the dancers, especially the sultry Ms. Pete, were incredible.  The show was super fun and sexy.  The choreography was mesmerizing with great comedy.  I would definitely recommend this show!
3	Better than I thought it would be.  3.3892103 stars to be exact.Got hooked up with tickets and thought it would be a 4th rate Crazy Horse Paris.  It was a lot more than that.  I was gladly surprised at the production, choreography, music and even the talent on stage.  I would've preferred to see either Holly Madison or Angel Porrino but Coco did just fine.  Not gonna lie...nudity certainly helped!!!I overheard one repeat audience member say Coco was better than Holly and seemed more natural where Holly was a more "my foot goes here and the other one goes there" performer.  It's not like she's on stage the whole show (maybe 30%) but I guess having someone on the "E!" channel everyday helps move tickets. For those considering buying the VIP table seats, save your money and just get orchestra.  If you're in the front of VIP, you'll find yourself turning around to see the performers often as there are 3 sections of the stage that come out giving the optimal view for people paying less than you did.
4	Coco is GREAT! I must admit, I am a closeted fan of Ice Loves Coco so I was super excited to see her perform. I went with my boyfriend and we had tons of fun, we were laughing the entire time.  The guy who serves as the musical narrator has an excellent voice and I was in awe of the dancer's skills and super toned bodies. If you go in expecting a kinda-cheesy burlesque show you won't be dissaponted. Its super fun and light-hearted. Just don't go in expecting a Tony award-worthy performance.
3	After living in Vegas and now going back every year to see my parents, this is really the first burlesque type Vegas show. I do need to mention we had free tickets, so my review may be reflected by this. The tickets we had for a 1030pm show on a Saturday night. The seats were really good. Were were about 5 rows back from the stage and in the center, right behind the reserved tables. I always wanted to see this while Holly was in it, but at least we got to go and see Coco. My wife watched her show on E! and it was not all that bad. Coco, really didn't dace that much until the end, and she really didn't even talk that much either. Her entrance to the show was cool and she did take her top off during the end transformation, but other than that there was not much of her. The rest of the show was filled with Vegas show girls and guys, who can sing and dance. Some of the dances were cool, I guess I was just expecting more for some reason. Since I didn't see Holly do all this, I would assume she would do about the same as Coco based on some of the reviews. It was a good show, but not great. The beers were about 12.00 an they gave you the large beer cans. If you are drinking you may want to head to the restrooms a tad before the show ends ( you can tell ) in order to beat the mad rush out the doors and o the restrooms right outside the venue area. The sad part was, that after I waited for my wife to exit the restrooms and we headed over to the Peepshow gift shop and as we were about to walk in they were closing down the shop for the night. I mean you would at least think they would wait until everyone has exited the entry way of the venue. Not so much. My wife really liked the show because of Coco, and I thought it was just OK. I probably would not go again unless we get more free tickets. Just want to be honest.
4	Peepshow was worth every penny paid. I ordered the tickets online and scouted out a discount code. We were about the 4th row in the center of the Orchestra Section. I highly recommend trying to get seats there. The VIP is not where it's at with this show since the center runway comes out and a lot of the VIP only could see the backs of the performers.Amazing production quality and pretty ladies (even some men for the ladies). The only thing I will say is disliked was the "star" being Coco. My god the plastic surgery on her... they don't even move anymore. Luckily the show is really about the other girls, and Coco is more of a prop to keep the rest of the story moving.
2	Got free tickets. Didn't like it.
3	saw the one with coco the 10:00 showing showed up late and inebriated out my gordits was ok nothing to really run back for the ending was cool, it was more like an erotic fairy tale childish story.  They do bring you drinks we were in the front row and i got the tickets comped i could complain but who would listen the best was the ending not gonna spoil it but kinda funny look like coco lost some serrious weight for this she didnt have the donky ass like she has on tv and a nice slim waisti said it before ill say it again it was "ok" its really more for girls/women like a bachlorette party or something
1	I should have read the yelp reviews before going to this show. I was kicked out of the show within 15 mins of the show starting late. Security insisted I was taking photos when I was not, I showed them my photo albums, even though it's in invasion of privacy, and they still refused to let me back in. I saw the no photo signs but didn't see any signs for having your phone out. I found this to be a poorly organized event. I'm the one paying for a ticket, I should be able to look at the time, text, etc if I need to. I found the staff to be rude from the beginning and this has nothing against the actors, just to the staff and event company.
5	Fun & sexy in a nutshell. My husband and I went to see Coco on 1/12/13 for the 10:30 show ( I was never curious about the show when Holly was there)  And we gotta admit , we both Loved it! (I even got some pointers on how to shake it!) Coco, the dancers and singers are great. Coco goes topless twice and does her dance moves real well :) I would definitely recommend this to friends that want to have some sexy fun!
5	I was in Vegas last weekend for a bachelortte party with 7 of my friends from college. All of us currently live all over the US and are all pretty different and we ALL, yes, all 8 ladies loved loved loved this show. First, Coco is beautiful. I could not stop looking at her she is so so pretty in person. Second, the bodies on these women are ridiculous. Definitely inspiration to hit the gym.Third, I could sit and listen to Josh Strickland sing all day and all night long, him and the other main (a hilarious lady) were a-mazing. I wish they could sing me to sleep every night. Their voices are that of a thousand angels. Seriously. love them. Lastly, my cheeks were hurting I was laughing so hard through the show. As soon as it was over I wanted to see it again. I don't know why this show only has 3 stars becuase I thought it was just fabulous.
3	I would be giving this 2 stars if it wasn't for Coco or should i say Coco's ASSets!!! Good Lord!!! The show itself was just ehhhh, nothing special but when i got to see Coco and her ASSets out in full display, that gained another star in my review. Like i told my girl on the way out, "I am forever traumatized" in a good way of course. We both were not aware of the nudity let alone Coco showing off her stuff. We had VIP table seating and saw her up close and very personal. It was my girls bday weekend and she loves her TV show so we went after finding discount show tickets at the Casino Royale. They have a booth where they sell discount Vegas show tickets, a must visit if your trying to go to any show in Vegas. We paid $210 for 2 tickets (regular price $155 ea.) in the VIP area. Back to the show, kinda bland and could have used more of Coco in it. I was surprised at how little her participation was. I was expecting more of her on stage. The show was only about 60-70% filled on a Saturday night so im assuming they are not killing it with tickets sales. So keep an eye out for the discounted show tickets. Honorable Mention:  Purchase Discount show tickets!! (Y pay full retail if you don't have too)
4	Just saw peepshow this last weekend with my boyfriend and friends. I had zero expectations because a friend of mine had seen it when Holly was in it and had said that it wasn't that great. What I can say, is that this show isn't meant to be "artistic." The show's story line could be a little more clear, but I still understood what they were getting at in each number and it's still really entertaining. The women and men in it are really talented dancers, singers, etc. There is a lot more nudity than I had anticipated, but I definitely didn't mind and I'm sure my boyfriend didn't either! Coco was adorable and looks fantastic. My only complaint is that she wasn't in it enough! All in all it was a really good time and I would definitely recommend for anyone to go too.
4	We went and saw this show on a Tuesday and they had 241 tickets for VIP! (google that stuff)  We were right next to the stage and this show was great! Coco is very pretty and the dancing is spectacular. The guys in the show do a real good job keeping your interest.  It is amazing what a pair of tight theighs can do... OHH Sorry.. Let me talk about the show again. LOL I would highly recommend it. They did make me coat check my Popcorn that I had bought in the mall.  I was hoping one of my guys were picked to go on stage but maybe next time. This was tasteful and calssy great couples night out.  Makes you want to be Little bo Peep~
4	We caught the show last night as part of our show smorgasbord here in Vega. We've done at least one every day. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. It was entertaining and titalating at the same time. Think burlesque on adult steroids. They did a great job of keeping us entertained with song and dance and the amazing feats of athleticism that were interwoven throughout the show were amazing.  Some of the ladies had six packs that looked air brushed on. Amazing!!  Coco was a nice addition but I really don't know a lot about her. I found myself wondering if the show had changed at all since its last star. Hmm...  At first I thought she couldn't dance and the others were just dancing around the "star", but by the end it was evident she had a few moves if her own.If you are in Vegas and want to catch an adult burlesque type show I'd recommend this one highly. One major bonus is that while the casino allows smoking it is more up to date than many so the smoking was not a pain at all. And no smoking in the show. And no cell phones or photos. Boy do they make that clear.
4	We all have out dirty little secrets... I'm a fan of Ice Loves CoCo... so what could get my husband and I to buy tickets to Peepshow? Well, of course... CoCo Austin in the role of Bo Peep! I have to say, we set our expectations low having seen Crazy Girls at the Rivera many years ago. But what a surprise! Wow, that cast can dance... and sing... and take it off in a very entertaining way. A mix of burlesque and high energy dance with creative staging as well, the show moved quickly for an hour and a half. The scene to Kelis' song "My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard" was outrageous. Dancers in schoolgirl clothes reduced to nothing in a giant milk bath where they pressed against the glass in rhythmic unison. The male vocal lead was a American Idol contestant and had some pipes! A gentleman that did an enticing rope dance to woo Bo Peep was titillating for the ladies! The storyline was weak... with the Bo Peep character inter-weaved sporadically... but it's not what you came for,,, right? CoCo did her stuff with panache when it was time and whoa! Totally Las Vegas, it's a great show, tastefully done with a sense of humor and a very talented cast!
4	My husband and I enjoyed the dance performance and the singing.  There were a lot of boobs and I'm glad to see 90% of them looks natural from small to medium size breasts.  It was a classy burlesque show worth seeing for the price we paid $80 for two people.
5	This show was amazing, worth every penny and i would do it all over again! The theater wasn't huge so i think any seat in the house had a good view. I liked the story line and the dancers did an amazing job. Getting to see Coco Austin was a bonus i wanted to watch this show from Holly's world, but i think Coco did an amazing job!
1	I went to see the show since coco was the main star. I went into it thinking it was more of a cute story with a little nudity and I was shocked how much nudity it had. I read reviews before I bought tickets but I thought it was much more mellow. I have no interest in watching a woman strip down to nearly nothing. This was not the show to see if you are a heterosexual woman who doesn't even agree with strip clubs or sexually exploiting women. I hated the show and was extremely disappointed that I paid to see this show. It is an overpriced strip club. Don't waste time or money!
5	Nice show with gorgeous Ms Coco. That's a good Las Vegas show with Show-Girls and also some jests that provide laughter in the audience. The story of the shy Diva is unfortunately a little sexist. It also does not fit into Ms Coco's style.
5	I liked the show.  I laughed and had a good time..  Meet Holly after the show.  She was very nice.  People can be so mean about her but she's just like everryone else.  She's not a great preformer but she is using her assets to make her living.  Go Holly:)
2	I wish Coco had more stage time.  The dancers and the MC were all great, but, I came to see Coco.  It's a boobie show. The guy singer sure had a strong voice (like Clay Aiken strong) and there was a fave dancer for every person (skinny and tall, skinny and short, tall and fleshy, fleshy and short, blonde, brunette, etc.).  Personally, I prefer Jubilee! as a boobie show because of the over-the-top head-dresses and sparkily costumes reminiscent of old Vegas.  I paid $46 out the door for my tickets for seats in the middle-back of the theater (travelzoo discount was $35 for tickets + taxes and fees = $46).  The Vegas coupon book (the one w/ Vegas in dressing room lights) had a coupon that was $30 discount off regular price.  FYI.Other important info: headliner (in this case, Coco) doesn't really spend nearly enough time on stage, funny and sexy show, something for everyone's taste in scantily clad women, discounts are available in local coupon books, and Will Call open most hours so you can pick up your tickets whenever you want (practically).
5	Awesome Show! I am a Coco Austin fan, and knew this was the one show i wanted to see in Vegas no matter what. So I bought front row tickets ahead of time. Tickets were pricy, but did get a few bucks off. The story line was a bit cheesy, but the girls are beautiful, especially Coco. Yes its a strip tease show, but its high class, and enjoyable for but men and women. Overall I would definitely see it again, even though Coco is leaving in July.
4	Peepshow was actually a lot better than I originally expected it to be. Reviews seem pretty mixed but I was incredibly happy with the show. The majority of dancers were great and a couple of them (Green..) were absolutely fantastic. The singing was also much better than anybody in my group expected and definitely added a lot to the show. Coco did great and was great to look at, although it's obvious she is only there to draw in a crowd. She's not bad, but definitely not as good as the real dancers. We bought tickets through Tix4Tonight and were very happy with them. We bought the cheapest they had but it really didn't matter. The show was far from full and they basically sat everyone in the front 3 sections, nobody had bad seats as the entire back half was empty.
5	I saw this show with my husband two days ago!  We thought it was fantastic...CoCo was adorable and seemed to have fun in her role as Little Bo Peep.  She is a gorgeous woman and a great show girl.The music was lively and fun.  The dancers were talented and we could tell that they worked hard at their jobs.  This was the first "burlesque" type show that I have been to and really enjoyed it.  The music, story line, and costumes made this show lively and great fun!  If you are looking for a great show to see in Vegas go see this one!
2	This show was awesomely-bad. It's not the performers fault. They were all decent and it's like they know that they are in a terrible show and just trying to hold it together. Coco is billed as the star, but really, she has a minor role that is more set-decoration than anything. The real star is the Peep-Diva, who sings and banters with the audience. She owns the stage. I also liked watching Mrs. Pete, who was quite talented on the pole!Lower production value than you would expect from a show on the strip. The worst part is the story. It's a muddled mess. It's scenes often have very little to do with each other or with the theme of nursery rhyme characters. Most are nonsensical. I have no idea how this show got produced with such a half-assed story/script. It could have been creative and clever, but misses the mark in a big way.It's not even as sexy as it should be. It's more in your face and obvious. We had a bunch of early twenty-something frat boys sitting in front of us and they couldn't have been less impressed. This show is a lot like The Thunder from Down Under, except Peephow tries to be serious and fails.The only positive is that I laughed a lot. I didn't laugh because it was intentionally funny, but because it was so terrible. This made it somewhat entertaining.You know it's bad when the cast has to goad the audience into giving them a standing ovation.Thank goodness we got cheap tickets from tix4tonight.Skip it!!!!
4	I just saw this show for the 2nd time. I'll start off by saying Coco totally blew Holly out of the water here. She was amazing. I loved the show. Obviously we are not here for the plot. The dancers were great and the music was fun. And can I just say.... the girl in the green..... Wow she must work out. ;)I think the REAL star of this show is Josh Strickland. I think I watched him instead of the girls when he was on the stage. Gorgeous and what a voice. Just wow. I was lucky enough to be able to attend the meet and greet after the show. Coco is absolutely beautiful in person and so sweet. She took her time with each guest (I think there were 9 total) I never felt like she was rushing to be done w the meet and greet. She was awesome. I say go see it. Don't expect a cirque type production, but go with an open mind and you'll have fun!!
4	If you are coming here for the current headliner, you may be disappointed at her short stage time.  If, However, you want a Vegas style show, this is great.  While I have not experienced other Vegas shows, this is much better than some alleged 'broadway' productions.   if you are here for a good time and don't hang your hat on the headliner, you may just enjoy yourself!The gymnastic skills, choreography, music, everything was very well done.  Not much plot, but you come for the spectacle, not the story.  Have fun.If you'd like a beer, for $8 you can get a Fire Rock Pale Ale or Long Board Lager.  Not bad.
5	Great show with beautiful girls, girls, girls!!My wife wanted to go, we didn't know too much about it besides Coco is Ice T's partner. I enjoyed the show a lot, more than my wife of course. It's weird that you will find more girls in the audience rather than guys. Tip 1: for married guys, this is the best chance to see ( .)( .) at Las Vegas without having a fight with your wife, hehe. She will enjoy the show also.Tip 2: buy your tickets in advance, I saved 50% on ticket master.Tip 3: don't forget to pay the meet & greet, Coco is so nice, beautiful and she will sign whatever you want.
4	FYI: That picture of Coco and I is 100% REAL. She was NOT a wax figure! :)THE SHOW:I am so glad my girls and I watched Peepshow for my sister's bachelorette party! Coco is freakin awesome and I wanted to see that booty in real life!! LOL.With the help of Heather from Base Entertainment, I was able to book three VIP tables literally right next to the stage for 10 girls, months in advance. The theatre is located inside of Planet Hollywood so when I arrived, I was able to pick up my tickets on a Saturday evening right before the show was about to start. The doors opened 30 minutes prior to the show so us ladies who are always on time, we were the first to be seated. The stage and theatre wasn't as big as I imagined. It was big but not compared to Cirque du Soleil. The VIP tables and chairs were really close to each other and the tables were small which made it difficult since we ordered bottle service. Imagine a bucket of ice, two bottles of alcohol, mixers, water and popcorn on this tiny table...no bueno. But somehow, it worked!After settling in with some cocktails and popcorn the show started. I LOVED it! I enjoyed every minute of the show. The performers/dancers/singers (men and woman) were amazing! Since I was so close to the stage, I was able to see all the cute lingerie they had on how tone and athletic looking each of the dancers were. I loved how everyone on stage interacted with us waving, winking and pointing. It made us feel special (and it would have made you feel special too, don't lie!). There was a lot of singing, dancing, hair swinging, outfit changes, BOOBIES, and some comedy which made the show so much fun to watch. My favorite was the pole dancer and "my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard" performance. The show was featuring Holly Madison but as a temporary replacement, Coco Austin stepped in. Although the show's headliner is "Peepshow, starring Coco Austin" Coco wasn't on stage as much as I wanted to her to be. She made some appearances here and there, mostly standing and looking hot but when she was on the stage dancing, she rocked it!The show ran 90 minutes long with no intermission. It went by pretty fast. At the end of the show, we asked one of the workers to take a picture of the group and they did so without rushing us out or being rude (the next show started in 30 minutes so they had to hurry up and clean). Our server was super nice and was very patient with us. All 10 girls walked out very happy we picked Peepshow!MEET AND GREET:Again, thanks to Base Entertainment, I was able to set up a few meet and greet with the girls and Coco. My sister, the bachelorette is also a HUGE fan of Coco so us girls decided it would be fun to surprise her with a meet and greet! The meet and greet takes place AFTER the last show. The last show usually ends around midnight so the meet and greet started around 12:30AM. Coco came out with her doggies and we were all able to chit chat with her, cheers with a champagne toast and take some pictures with her. Coco is super sweet, so down to earth and talked a lot with us! All 10 girls had a blast! Great job Peepshow!
5	This show was great.  The women are beautiful and the show itself was amazing.  We had seats right by the stage and a woman kept picking up her cell phone that was sitting at the table next to us.  They say 100 times verbally and in print no cell phones so after her second warning she was escorted out.  I love that they took care of the distraction.  This made the experience even better. I recommend this show to anybody that does not mind topless women, and is looking for a smart show.
5	Very fun show and good laughs. Lovely ladies and coco look great!
5	This was my first burlesque show! I took my hubby and we both enjoyed the show. Coco was staring at Bopeep and our seats were great (we were spitting distance from Ice-T). Coco was above and beyond my expectations! I loved Josh also. His voice was amazing!Unfortunately Peepshow is ending soon So I suggest you seen it ASAP!
4	They are closing in 2 weeks but I thought i'd send Kudos to the shows makeover. It was so bad with Holly Madison but so much better now. Coco really added what this show needed. Also they have revamped the flow of the show so it works much better. Less cheesy and more talent from the main star. A good combination. I wasn't a huge Coco fan from the TV show but she is really something special in person and talented to boot. Good job! Catch it before it closes even if you already saw it last year. It is better now. I promise.
1	Horrible, boring and weird.  cheesy singing too... coco was a bust she seemed dazed and confused... Fought hard not to fall asleep!  No wonder its closing soon!  If you must go make sure you book thru travelzoo for the $35 deal!
4	I was totally surprised at how good this show was. I went in not expecting much, but when I left, I thought it was a great show. Had a lot of fun and everyone I was with agreed that the show was really good. I'd give it 5 stars, but they kept showing that one guys ass and I wasn't a fan hahaha. But all in all, a really good show. The costumes, choreography, props, all done very well. Of course you've got to appreciate all the hot bodies and boobs upon boobs of viewing enjoyment.
4	I didnt get to see coco, but i got to see holly. The show was good. Not raunchy. My wife is the one that really wanted to see it, and I did not mind at all. The production was put together well. Only thing I didnt like was the seats. I wish they were a little softer.
1	This is without a doubt, the worst show I have ever seen, in or out of Vegas. What a waste of money, and we got 1/2 price tickets!The story line is horrible and makes no sense.  There is no relationship between the signs that are suspended above the stage and what is going on in the "story." The car has no relationship to the theme of fables, which is lame at best.The milk song makes no sense in relationship to the props.  At the beginning, the female audience is told to expect some beefcake but the two males in the show are not that great.  The one playing the wolf character is not handsome at all and struts around like a goon, not a man.  The F Bombs from the peepshow diva were really unnecessary.Other than displaying her body, Holly Madison is a great disappointment.  She cannot sing, she barely speaks and her lines are horrible. And I like her!This is the very first show I have attended where people actually walked out.  Two separate groups at two different spots in the show.  How this got to be a show in a major hotel for so long is beyond me.  High school students could put on a better show. Save your time and your money, I wish we had!
