2	I tried their shrimp pasta...it was bland and had a weird taste. The service was a little slow, but friendly. The portions are good but for the price, I hoped the taste would have been a little more pleasing.
4	In my mind this is a first and foremost a bar.An awesome bar with an a lofted upper level that looks down on the pool tables. A bar that has more private, cozy seating in the back. A bar that sets up outside in the breezeway (Crane's ALLEY).Great beer selection. Decent prices. Lots of seating. It was a pretty classy addition to "downtown" Urbana when it first opened.And fooseball... there are some crazy fooseball sharks. Don't let their meager appearance fool you.
3	I like Crane Alley.  I think I would go there more if I lived in Urbana; living in deep west champaign I never really feel like it has anything to offer me that I need to drive to Urbana for.  I like their food alot (especially balsamic spinach strawberry goat cheese salad AH!)  and think the vibe is pretty nice:  clean, waitresses cleavage unexposed, no patrons likely to puke most of the time.I've had REALLY slow service there alot of times, especially up in the loft.
2	Large selection of good beers. Unfortunately everything else is bad. Insipid sugary cocktails and overpriced food. I've rarely had anything good here. The beet chips are pretty good, but the wings seem to be soaked in battery acid and the tempura is just gross (who fries moist baby carrots?). I had some good steak once, but that was quite unusual. Come for pool and drinks, leave when you get hungry.
2	I went here not long after it opened a few years back and the food was great.  On the expensive side for bar food, but great.  I would stop in every now and again, but not very frequently due to the prices.The last time I went was about 5 months ago.  I don't know what happened, but the food was TERRIBLE!  I had butternut squash ravioli in a cream sauce and it was just awful.  No flavor, completely devoid of seasoning and the "sauce" may have been the Elmer's paste that comes in the little tubs with the brush attached to the cap.  It was actually grey in color.  Gross.  My husband had a chicken sandwich and it was small, cold, and cost about three times what he'd have paid for the exact same sandwich (quality wise) from McDonald's.The evening set us back about 60 bucks for a salad, appetizer, two entrees and two draft beers, which is pricey for CU.  So not worth it.  We have no plans to go back.
5	im sad to see that this place has been getting such bad reviews.  this was my favorite place to eat when i lived in champaign.  i have not been there in at least 6 months, so i am rating it on my past experiences. i have had so many awesome dinners here.  and i like the beer selection.  im gonna return next time im in town to see if its really as bad as these reviews say.
4	Servers are wonderfully friendly, there are approximately 8,974 beers available*, the drink selection is broad and the bar is huge, and several of the sandwiches and appetizers are delicious.  When your'e there, do try the potato pancakes in a light cheese/cream sauce.  OMG, it tastes like magic.  *i might be exaggerating, but only slightly.
4	Goat cheese and hummus appetizers were great. So were the sweet potato fries. The regular fries? Meh. If i was better at billards, I'd come here more often. However, this place has a really chill ambience where you can just relax at the bar. Sort of like B Street Billards in San Mateo, CA if you know what I mean.
4	Went here for dinner.  Front room has a long bar and a few billiard tables.  Back room has seating for diners.  We were seated right away.  Large selection of microbrews by the bottle.  Crowd a mixture of families and students.  Enjoyed the hummus dip to start .  We had sandwiches. I had a turkey reuben and the others had burgers.  Solid, comfort food type dining.
3	the first time i came to crane alley i had trouble finishing my beer in the smoke haven that is the outside seating section of the bar.  i'm pretty sure i nearly died that night.the second time i came, i ordered one of their incredibly over-priced martinis and it tasted like triaminic. no joke.  when i told the server that it was awful he brought me some sprite to put in it and said it was all he could do.  believe it or not the sprite made it soooo much worse.  luckily my face was so contorted with the bad taste it convinced the server to go against bar policy and bring me something else.  i had to pay for my new drink...but luckily he took the first one off my tab.  the third time i came i had the potato pancakes and fell in love. yumyumyum.in summation, crane alley is a good place, i always go back.  but like many places in urbana and champaign, its can be a hit or miss, you just have to be willing to take the chance.  i would however stick with the large and in charge beer menu and the more common mixed beverages.  the martinis are way over-priced and i just never every want to taste triaminic spiked with vodka again, thankyoumuch.
5	Crane Alley receives an admittedly very biased 5 stars from me.  This is partially because they're currently carrying two Bell's beers on tap (Amber--divine, and Hopslam 2X--10% abv and so magically sweet AND hoppy that Teej, my fiance and I decided that it must pour directly out of the Easter Bunny's anus...the most magically sweet and hoppy of all the rabbit anuses, as you know).Bell's aside, Crane Alley is a place I want to be at all the time.  It's dim, but not dank.  Tasteful, and not over the top.  The waitress checked in an appropriate amount of the time, was friendly, and had mad non-spilling-the-water skills when pouring all the way to the top of the glass.  I had the falafel pita, which was only 'okay', but was later upgraded to 'good' when I added salt and pepper.  It came with quinoa tabbouleh that was the slightest bit creamy, and oh-so-plentiful.  Mmm....quinoa tabbouleh.
4	You will not find hoards of undergraduates here, it might even be hard to find more than a few grad students.  And yet it has one of the best beer selections in town, a restaurant, and 4 full-sized pool tables.Drinking beer and playing pool is probably one of my favorite ways to hang out, and this is the perfect place for it.I don't know if I should let this get out much, but wednesday is half off pool night ... I played with 3 other people last week for a couple of hours and they charged us only $1.50 each! That's ridiculous. It's also not loud at all for a bar, they have outdoor seating in the ... alley .... when it's warm, and the background music is usually a pleasant mix of classic rock.About the restaurant, don't go here during off hours (not dinner), I don't think the regular kitchen is working or something is off.  I wish they had a few cheaper, more suited to a bar kind of appetizers than they do, especially since their above average overall food quality would make fantastic late night snacks.  The guyfriends manage and are usually hungry enough to eat entire sandwiches and meals by the end of the night, so they don't complain.
4	great burgers and great beers!!!Even though this place is close to the campus, its far enough a way from the regular places the kids go so that is not too loud and rambunctious even on St. Paddy's Day.  The Burger really was absolutely great, even cooked to Medium- Well, it was so juicy that the first bite left a puddle of flavor on the plate....oh yeah...which then got soaked up by their great french fries.  AND they have Rouge's Kell's Irish Lager on Tap and man is that tasty....Great service too and the prices were just right...
3	I, like a fair amount of other people, think that crane alley is pretty hit/miss.  I love their beer selection, and their bartenders are friendly.  We were their last weekend, and their hostess almost drove us to insanity; we had a group of 7, and two tables opened up, more than enough so seat us all, and instead of pushing them together, she sat 2 people at the 4 person table and then let the other sit empty.  At that point, we were told the wait would be 20-40 minutes.  After an hour, still with empty tables, we went to ask.  She said she'd seat us in 10 minutes... and finally 30 minutes later after bugging her twice more, she got us a table.  The bartenders actually compted us the pool because they felt so bad.That being said, our waitress was very friendly, though not always present, but very accommodating.  Food was ok, but we were annoyed that we waited 1.5 hours to be seated when there were empty tables the entire time... we started to wonder if she was mad at certain wait staff members and trying to spite them by not sitting people in their sections. That being said, I have had much better experiences there, and I hope that never happens to anyone else.
3	I like the beer selection, but we went there for a birthday party (where I brought a cake) and they wanted to charge me a $5 plate fee. It was so absurd...we had all  bought dinner, a bottle of wine, etc. It seems like they don't want groups to converge there. I'll go somewhere else next time.
3	This place used to be my favorite place in Urbana, followed closely by the Office.  Well, now the Office is closed, and I feel like Crane Alley is shell of what it used to be.  In fact, I never go out in Urbana anymore.One star for serving food all night, and one star for never being too crowded and loud.  If I only have expectations to hang out with friends at night, I'm not disappointed.  I loved the food about 3 - 6 years ago, but recently, the food quality has declined and the service is horrible.  We met up with friends there, they had been there for about an hour.  Let's just say we got our food before their order was taken.  We were at adjacent tables outside.  At lunchtime.  Bad.Why the third star?  This is where my boyfriend and I went on our first date over three years ago.  Obviously, it was a good date.
5	Crane Alley is wonderful!  They have a very extensive beer list, friendly staff, yummy food, pool tables and a great beer garden in the adjacent alley.  Crane alley is a good place for after work cocktails, lunch, dinner and just hangin' out.  The Fine Young Cannibal reccomends the beet chips and black bean burger!
4	i'd give this place 5 stars, but there's this dude named stern who always goes there.  JEEZUZ!
5	Service is incredibly accommodating.Food is pretty darn good.Pool tables, with a nice, cozy darkness that doesn't attract too many obnoxious student types? Check.Just like any other great bar until you notice that they have Dark Horse Crooked Tree IPA on tap. And they're planning a dinner event to honor Dogfish Head where they'll be tapping a keg of the holy 120-minute IPA? Impressive. Way to stock the best beers! I didn't realize those vendors even made it down to Central Illinois.Oh, and I almost forgot, they have Beet Chips with a Chevre dipping sauce. -- Definitely worth a go!
4	Mushroom and Spinach Lasagna with Cream Sauce- The noodles were nice and thin, the Alfredo-style bechamel flavorful- this was a nice surprise. A bit pricy though..Chicken Parm- Had a weird pepperoncini sauce on top that subtracted from the dish. The marinara was not as good as the lasagna's alfredo. The breaded chicken breast was crispy and cooked to perfection.Buffalo Chicken Sandwich- very good- HUGE portion. I prefer to get the Buffalo sauce and ranch (can't have blue cheese while pregnant) on the side and dip- otherwise the breading gets soggy. Chicken is very well cooked. Italian Roast Beef- the beef used was too lean- it was dry and chewy. Would benefit from using ribeye (like on a good Philly cheesesteak) or a well braised chuck roast that has enough fat to keep the meat tender. The au jus was not very flavorful- tasted mostly like oil + red pepper flakes. Nice beer list- they have beer dinners, ($65 or $75), but they wont' discount the ticket if you are unable to drink alcohol (e.g. pregnant me)- otherwise my husband and I would have loved to have gone to one.
5	I've been a little stingy with my 5 stars these days, and I'm tempted to rate this 4... but the sweet potato fries... there is just nothing like them!I've been here twice now during my quarterly visits to C-U.  The food, burgers in both instances, has been consistently good.  Now I live really really close to the infamous Kuma's Corner in Chicago--their burgers are so famous they've been featured on the Food Network.  That having been said... my standards are pretty high... and Crane's, I must say, makes a darn tasty burger! Today I had the special--1/2 burger with mole, roasted chilies, pork shoulder, and chihuahua cheese--oooohhhh yes.Aside from tasty burgers, their beer selection rocks.  They literally have one full page of IPAs.  And that's just the tip of the iceberg. Their draft beers (which I believe rotate?) are quality as well.  The place is big, their outdoor (alley) seating is great in the summer, and the service is good.Though I must warn you... my first time (in the summer) was during some crayfish special... tables of rowdy bikers cheered on ladies in leather bumping and grinding in their laps.  I'm not sure what was going on, and I don't know if it is somehow related to the crayfish, just thought it was worth mentioning.
2	(Chanting, in that well-worn 4 beat cadence) "OVERRATED...OVERRATED"The food here is extremely hit-or-miss. Eating here three times, I have been very disappointed twice with my own meal and all three times with some aspect of the dining experience. Their menu sounds good, but is perhaps beyond the skill of its staff, as they often fail to deliver. Sauces are either too thin or too thick, either tasteless or too salty, and  every time at least one item was served too cold (even when it was just 2 of us). If you are the type that likes to occasionally order an appetizer for your entree, think again: many apps are really skimpy. Also, food service can be very slow at times, as I think they stretch their servers too thin. They also have very few vegetarian options, which surprises me, based upon their clientele.Notice how all these comments are about food? That is because their alcohol service, selection, and quality are all beyond reproach. Their prices, including their alcohol prices, are pretty high for what you get. For the alcohol, I can justify this to cover the cost of carrying obscure barley wines (tremendous); to charge high prices for the food, is absolutely unacceptable. EAT at V. Picasso's, Courier Cafe, Bunny's, Tang Dynasty, The Great Impasta, Xinh Xinh, Black Dog, Silver Creek, or even Siam Terrace, then DRINK at Crane Alley.
4	Crane Alley is known in town for its beer selection. They've got like 15 rotating taps and hundreds of different bottles.  The table service has gotten better recently.  I think some bad servers quit or something.  The bartenders who work at night are always knowledgeable about their beer.  They are great at making recommendations.  The menu has a good variety.  Their food specials are usually a good deal too. I went in last friday with my mom, the cute little hostess seated us exactly where my mom wanted to sit (she can be quite difficult) and our server was attentive and friendly.
5	Crane Alley is the only bar I go to in Urbana, and has the best bottled beer menu of any bar in the area.  In addition, it will have more than 10 draft beers at any one time from various microbreweries and craft breweries.  The reasons to stop by don't stop there, since there is also a fairly extensive menu of tavern-style food, which is higher quality than what one usually comes across.My favorite appetizer is Crane Alley's signature beet chips. Every table around us got this appetizer, since it is one of the dishes that Crane Alley is most known for. The beet chips come with a bowl of a goat cheese dip (which has cream cheese mixed in). The dip is somewhat rich and heavy, and helps to bulk up what might otherwise be a rather light appetizer.The sandwiches at Crane Alley run up to around $10, and the main courses a bit higher than that. Last visit, my girlfriend got a portabella mushroom burger, which was one of the daily specials, and of course had no meat. However, it was bulky enough to offset that and not be as light and unfilling as a lot of vegetarian food ends up being. I got a beer-battered fish sandwich, which was crispy and fairly large (way too much fish for the bun), along with the sweet potato fries (another thing Crane Alley is known for). One of the complaints I usually have about fried fish sandwiches is how greasy they are, but luckily this sandwich didn't fall into that trap.The primary lure that Crane Alley has is its wide selection of beers and drinks, which can be ordered alongside a selection of appetizers or food (something some local competitors do not offer). In addition, it has weekly special dishes and daily specials, and special beer and food pairings on set dates (tickets must usually be purchased). I would highly recommend anyone in the area or at the university make the effort to stop here at least once.
3	I have to agree with those holding the "OVER-Rated" opinion.  The best thing about Crane Alley is the drinkin'.  They have loads of beer selection, the bar is well stocked, and we all got a little over appreciative of their fine scotch selections.The food and service though, both left much to be desired.  They serve typical pub food with some updates/twists.  Beet chips?  Why not?Our apps were all ok, not great.  The service was slow, like stuck in tar slow.  Everything here is on the expensive side.Go for a night of trying different brews/liquors; eat somewhere tastier before heading over!
4	Every time I watch the How I Met Your Mother episode Best Burger in New York, I go off in search of something to satisfy that craving. There are a lot of mediocre burgers in Chambana, but you won't find that at Crane Alley.My favorite was the burger with mushrooms, gorgonzola cheese, and caramelized onions. The patty was perfectly cooked and flavorful, and I could imagine obsessing over it like they did in the episode...TV-related gushing aside, I really like this place. We also tried the steak frites with gorgonzola butter on top, and those were wonderful, and the beer selection is great. I like trying the flights myself so I don't have to commit to a full version of any one thing.The normal fries are not great. Nothing especially wrong with them, just... not great. Also, the steak sandwich was good, but whereas the steak sandwiches I'm used to are best shared with at LEAST one other person, this is more of a one person sandwich, unless you're not that hungry.Be sure to keep up on their facebook page; they have awesome beer dinners or other cool events from time to time! I went to a great beer and chocolate pairing a few weeks ago, and keep hoping there will be another.
4	My favorite place in town.  I started going there because I live close by.  The food is excellent - slightly creative pub style.  Excellent beer selection - rotating taps mean you'll always find something new.  Waitstaff seem to have been turning over a lot lately, which can lead to inconsistent service.  Usually good, though.
2	Don't order the fish here, it's clearly frozen, not fresh. I've been to this restaurant several times with groups. While there's a decent drink/beer selection, it seems like most of the time alot of the food items on the menu are not available. The one thing I do love about this place is their sweet potato fries, which is topped with brown sugar. This is definately more of a bar + snacks kind of place and not so much a sit-down restaurant though they try. And as far as bars go, there are less expensive and better, elsewhere in town.
4	Many great revolving beers on tap and a delish black-bean burger. Play pool inside or sit outside -- I love this joint.
2	I was concerned about Crane Alley as soon as I saw the menu. The styles ranged from classic italian, to middle-eastern, to contemporary americana. Don't let all that fool you into believing this is some kind of fusion joint. It is just a confused menu.We ordered the calamari as a starter. It was competently fried and the sauce had a nice kick to it, albeit bordering on pizza sauce. We ordered the turkey pita sandwich and the chicken parm. Don't mistake that to mean that the sandwich was in the pocket. No, the fillings were served between two cold halves of pita. The chicken parm was mediocre at best, more likely just plain bad. Managed to burn the top of the mozzarella and still have borderline doneness on the breast. The worst part of it all is that this place is priced like a downtown Chicago eatery. I will say, the staff was courteous and friendly. Ultimately, this is a bar. If you want a plethora of beer and cocktail options and maybe a burger: go for it. If you want a decent meal at a reasonable price: Steer clear.
3	some good beers on tap and a couple tables for stick---good buffalo chicken sandwich.
4	Awesome range of food and beer and the atmosphere is nice. This place has to be one of my top 5 in Champaign-Urbana, especially in the summer when you can sit in the actual alley itself. Not to mention, this place is great for some low-key billiards and beer after dinner.
3	I want to like this place more, because the service is good and the space itself is inviting. I like BEING here, but the food is mediocre. The burgers are mealy and taste more like seasoning than meat. Nothing I've had here is remarkable, and I've been lots of times, since it's a great place to meet up with friends and drink.
4	Tomato bisque is great, and the buffalo chicken sandwich and turkey wrap are also excellent. Can be pricey, though. Excellent beer list, which is the main reason I come here. Service is hot or miss, but the bartenders are excellent. Not the best place for a night of pool and drinking...your bill will be large.
4	This was my go-to place when I lived in Urbana.  Can't beat the beer/food/billiards combo.  Excellent beer selection with large number of rotating brews on tap.  Food is pretty good...I've had a few so-so experiences, but generally I am very pleased.
3	I recently made a trip back to Crane Alley for dinner, and was dismayed by the alterations to the menu, primarily the price.  I remember buying affordable sandwiches for around $6, but all sandwiches have been bumped up to the $8 to $9 range.  ($8.50 for a falafel sandwich!?  Really!?  Those falafels are little nuggets of luxury now...) Quality of the food ranges from standard to good, though there is usually nothing here that smacks of culinary sophistication (especially to justify charging $8.50 for a falafel sandwich!!).  When I'm feeling indulgent, I order the fish sandwich, which is all the greasy, crunchy-crusted fish I could want.  Appetizers here are decent.  The spinach and artichoke dip tastes like every homemade version I've sampled from friends' kitchens.  The beet chips with goat cheese are considered one of their hallmark dishes.  I agree they're good--when prepared properly.  It's a gamble.  Because of the color of the beets, I think it's difficult to distinguish when they're finished cooking; I often get beet chips that taste like black charcoal.When friends propose coming here for happy hour after work, I just kind of dread it.  Crane Alley presents itself as a bar/pub, but they are more like a formal restaurant that expects everyone to stay in their assigned seats.  As someone who's waited tables in the past, I know large groups are challenging, but the waitresses here look downright insulted when they realize they have to serve our table.  They mostly avoid our group and hope that we won't ask for anything more than one meal and one drink.  Once, we showed up at a busy hour with a group of 8 and had to wait to be seated.  No big deal.  No one was complaining, we just stood in a group and chatted amongst ourselves.  After a few minutes, the hostess approached us, obviously annoyed, and said, "If you have a group this big in the future, you're going to have to call in advance to make a reservation."  ...Ugh, really?Sadly, downtown Urbana does not offer many options for night life, especially if you want to have a nice drink with your meal.  Crane Alley has broad appeal and is a general crowd-pleaser, so it is a safe option for a date or outing with friends.  Just make sure you don't bring too many friends.
5	I've been to Crane Alley 4 or 5 times. The first time I went, I had the chicken pesto with goat cheese and red peppers. It was so good, that I keep coming back, just for that. It's so good that I don't want to try anything else. I'm from the Chicago area so I can only visit a few times per year. I was there yesterday and they just put on a new beer, Bitburger, from Germany. It was on special and it was a great beer that went along great with my outstanding sandwich.
4	Ate here on a whim one night when Black Dog Smoke House was packed and really enjoyed it. I've been here three times now with different people. Best piece of advice for ordering food: avoid the pastas, get the burgers, mezzo plate, or tacos (when on special). The pastas I've had or others with me have had were not that great, but the "pub food" is interesting and done right. Plus, you cannot beat the beer selection and their prices are fair. Service is always fast, even if they're crowded.
4	I had lunch with a friend at Crane Alley yesterday. I'd never been there but had heard mostly good things. I'm going to agree with that assessment: mostly good!I had the portobello sandwich, with peppers and a nice pesto topping. I was sort of disappointed when my friend said she wasn't into beet chips as an appetizer, but completely excited when I saw I could substitute my fries for beet chips! Yay! We ended up sharing the spinach and artichoke dip app. It came with toasted pita slices. Mmmmm. The food was interesting, and it was good. It wasn't fantastic, or mind-blowing, but it was solid, and the menu had a good variety of selections. The price wasn't super cheap, but it wasn't outrageous for lunch. My sandwich (plus beet chips, which do carry a surcharge as a substitution), my friend's entree (a bowl of the soup of the day and a Reuben), one soft drink and our appetizer = 28.79 before tip. The drink menu is HUGE! I'd love to come back for dinner and drinks sometime. The ambiance screams "You're in a bar!!" which considering that, hey! you're in a bar, that works. It was cozy, the lighting was low, the booths black - might be a nice place for a casual date. The one aspect that shone above all was the service. Our waiter was FANTASTIC. He was knowledgeable about the menu, helpful without being pushy or overbearing, very attentive, we had regular drink refills but he didn't make it hard for us to continue our conversation. He even brought us an assortment of to-go containers so we could keep the dip and pita chips separate - what a guy! That waiter deserves five stars (and a large tip)!
5	Best place in Central Illinois for beer selection. Cannot be topped. Solid food too, but the real reason to go here is if one covets craft brews. Staff are friendly as hell, bartenders knowledgeable, and prices aren't too bad. Thumbs up. A must hit for connoisseurs.
4	I've been here twice now, and both times I had great food and even better beer.  Their food menu is pretty extensive and the artichoke dip is amazing.  Drink menu is huge, a wide selection of beers ensure you'll never have to repeat a bottle unless you find a favorite.  The ambience during the afternoon is great, both times I came here and occupied a booth in the corner to get some work done while I enjoyed some food and a beer.
4	a little pricey, but their chili is the best in the city.  Lunch specials are always a welcome treat as well.Try to make it here at least once in a while.
3	I like the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich here. I also like the selection of beers and flights. Real chill place to go and kick it with some buddies or to start off a night.
5	BEST BLACKBEAN BURGER EVER IN MY LIFE.i miss crane alley. it was my go-to restaurant in the CU area. always: blackbean burger, no sprouts with a side of greek pasta salad. even better with a bloody mary or a spicy martini, there's a specific one that i'm talking about but i can't remember what it's called...they also have an AMAZING beer selection. every time i go there are a few new draft beers. definitely try a beer flight. oh and the sweet potato fries. so goooooddddd.i've tried a few other items on the menu, but after finding the blackbean burger there was never a reason to order anything else. SERIOUSLY THE BEST EVER. 5 million stars.
3	I eat here semi-frequently because there is a lack of mid-range priced restaurants in town that aren't thai, chinese, korean etc., and this has some meals that I would classify as mid-range in price, i.e., about $8 for a meal plus tip and tax. I think the food is ok, but some of the stuff on the menu is just overpriced.
2	This could be the most overrated place in CU.Beer selection good, everything else pretty bad.Service was particularly bad when we went and the food was not great for the price.  We ordered desert before our appetizers because we particularly wanted one of the options.  By the time we finished our main course, the waiter informed us that they had just sold out of the dessert we had ordered long before.  We were shocked by his honesty and incompetence.
4	Stopped by here for lunch/dinner (it was 3...what meal does that count as?); it was pretty quiet since we didn't come during regular lunch/dinner hours.  Crane Alley is a "Restaurant & Bar" but it definitely feels more like a bar than a restaurant--it's very dimly lit, there are pool tables and a large bar area.  I guess if you like bars/feel comfortable in bars you probably won't notice this.I got the veggie sandwich and it was amazingly good.  Please allow me to list the ingredients of this most tasty of sandwiches: cucumber, bell peppers, onion, tomato, sprouts, lettuce, basil oil, sunflower seeds and dill cream cheese, all on two big slices of wheat bread.  The greek pasta salad was also tasty, and overall it was a very satisfying, generous portioned meal for a little under $7.My boyfriend had a hamburger and it was HUGE.  The fries were good and he liked the burger (although he said it had some kind of seasoning on it, which he seemed kind of "eh" about).Between the two of us we spent about $15 (before tip and without any drinks).  Not bad.  The desserts also sounded really good (flourless chocolate cake...mmm...) but we passed on that this time.I'll definitely be back.  I feel like if I had any interest in beer then this would be my new favorite place, but since I'm not a fan of beer or bars in general, that's kind of a deterrent for me (completely aware I'm in the minority here).  Oh well.  I'll still come back for their yummy food.
5	I love Crane Alley! They have a great selection of sandwiches at reasonable prices, and the best beer selection in town. I find the Friday/Saturday specials are always creative and amazing. You can't go wrong with the frequently offered Beef Ragout Nachos (but bring 2-3 people to help you finish!).Seating outside is quite pleasant, except then you miss interacting with the friendly bartenders inside. The service is friendly, with just the right amount of attentiveness, and they are nice to our dogs.
2	They have a fantastic beer list and the food is very good although pricey for what you get. The service is the reason for my low score. If not for the weak service, I would give the restaurant either a 3 or 4. I went and ordered a beer that the menu stated was 12 ounces. The glass it was brought in was clearly not 12 ounces. When I brought it to the waitresses attention, she argued the point. Finally, we were able to demonstrate that the beer really was less than 12 ounces and she took $1 off the price of the bill. I prefer restaurants who take their customers more seriously than this.
3	Based on my food alone, 5 stars!  I had blackened tuna pita with petit salad and it was amazing as served.  My husband had a fried fish sandwich and it wasn't great, but nothing compares to destihl's fried fish.  The service was terrible.  Our waitress was in a foul mood and had a bad attitude with every table in our section.
5	Some of the best burgers in town! They also have seasonal/weekly items that are prepared using local produce. Other menu items are delicious and reasonably priced. Beer selection us decent. Only negative would be it can usually be loud - but that is to be expected in a good location.
4	So, overall, the food here I've had has been really good. I will say though that if you go to Crane Alley, it's not as cheap as some of the other area restaurants (esp. not the alcohol). Another thing my friends and I noticed is that if you get appetizers, they normally give you way more dipping material (hummus, spinach and artichoke dip, etc.) than you can use up with the pita provided. You will get charged extra if you ask for more pita.They always have a nice selection of beverages, particularly beers, but there's a cocktail list as well (again, just plan on it being pricey). If fresh and local is important to you, they also sometimes have menu items made from products of sellers you might see at Market at the Square in the summer. In the end, it's a great place to go when the weather is nice and you can sit outside in the evening with your friends in the actual alley part of Crane Alley.
4	First off: free pool till 4:00.  All around, this place is an excellent weekend afternoon relaxation spot.  We stopped in this past Saturday around 2:00.  It wasn't empty, but it was far from busy and the pool tables were unoccupied.  If I didn't live out of town, this would be my March Madness go-to spot. Second, other good details: I got the turkey pita, which was just the right size, fresh and slightly crunchy pita bread, plenty of meat, and delicious with guacamole.  The beer selection here is impressive, covering a wide range of styles and breweries from around the country.  I consider myself fairly familiar with the microbrew landscape, and yet they still had about 12 beers that I had never even heard of, plus, Crane Alley does modestly priced flights of 4 x 5 ounce tasters ($6 + a buck for the really obscure  choices).  The servers were all nice and quick to help out whenever we needed them.
3	the food tastes pretty fresh.  i've never had something to eat here and thought it came from a can or a box or a freezer.  maybe it did... but i was fooled.  it tastes clean.  the beer.... well, there's a lot to choose from, and that's good too.  however... the prices.  sigh.  this isn't chicago.  there are a lot of places to get hummus.  probably better and more authentic hummus, too.   it used to be a little more affordable.... and now it is a little less so.  especially considering the food hasn't gotten any better.the service is just... okay.  if you go when it's not busy, like the middle of the day in the middle of the week... it's great.  i've been on weekend evenings, and the waiters seem to have more than they are capable of handling.  all in all, it's an okay place.  i don't generally object if someone suggests going there, because the alcohol selection is pretty rad.  there are also pool tables so you can sit and have a good beer and play.  the thing that saves it for me is the outdoor seating in the summer time.  it's really nice to be able to hang out with friends, and enjoy a decent dinner and a few drinks.  it's good.  it's not great... but you could definitely do worse in this town.
4	I was back in town a month ago or so, and we went out to Crane Alley. I saw someone else posted something I felt that night - they expect you to stay in your assigned seats. I definitely noticed that. From now on, I will only go later on at night when there aren't so many groups out. Still - awesome beer selection and bartenders!
2	my opinion of the food remains the same.  it's okay.  seems fresh.  still costs more than it should.  however.  wait service.  yikes.  it's never been great... but my experience last night was not awesome.i was waited on by a guy with a deep v and plenty of chest hair.  he seemed put out by everything... and not in the slightest hurry to do anything.  refill drinks.  take orders.  smile.  my party wasn't ready to order when we first arrived.  we ordered drinks and an appetizer.  we brought it and plunked it down on the table, not saying a word.  he didn't return to our table for over 20 minutes.  in other words... a long ass time.when we finally ordered, it took a long time to come out of the kitchen.  i could understand if it were busy.  but it wasn't.  there were four tables sitting outside and only one other table inside sitting beside my party of three.  a couple of guys at the bar.  i have had a lot of "meh" experiences at crane alley... and really... for the food, it's just not worth it.  smile deep v guy!  seriously!  if you're gonna be slow, at least be gracious. people love the affable slow poke.  too cool for school and slow never won popularity contests.
4	PROS: Great drinks, friendly service, fun busy atmosphere, interesting large menu (my favs are the mediterranean style Mezze plate and the Falafel sandwich, both of which are pretty rare to find around here), great specials, reasonable prices, good healthy options.CONS: Booth area is slightly odd in terms of interior design - I wish they would revamp it and make it less claustrophobic somehow...
4	Good burgers good beer... Need more?
4	IMO, one of the only reasons to ever go into Urbana :)This is a place I visit often when I come back to see the family. A nice bar with pool tables, and an area upstairs. There is a nice beer garden in the alley next to the bar. Plenty of goodies on tap and in bottles. Boulevard Smokestack offerings, some Flossmoor Station, Two Brothers, DFH .  A really good bottle list too.  I believe they also have a monthly beer club that meets here as well.The food is great. Lots of sandwiches and several other entrees that are top notch. They have the best fish sandwich in Champaing/Urbana. A good burger and Reuben.  About the only thing I have to complain about is the service. The waitresses can be slow and don't always get the order right. Besides that a great place to quaff some quality beers in downtown Urbana.
5	I love this place! The food is surprisingly good. Since I have a dairy allergy, I stick to the turkey pita club and its delicious every time. Also good - hummus, calamari, soup of the day every time, onion rings, bbq bacon burger!  Don't let the pool tables fool you; this is a classy joint.
3	Lets start with the good parts great beer and scotch list the food was good, fresh, and hot. So much for the good stuff, the wait service, bad is an understatement, we where seated the waitress took our drink order we got our drinks and she was gone. Finally we were able to get her attention and ask if we could order. We got our food and she was gone again had to go find her or yell at her as she zipped by to get anything you needed or wanted, even drink refills its a bar at least keep my beer full. Boy do you pay for the bad service you get, crab cakes appetizer, fish sandwich, ruben sandwich, 3 beers $60.00 not including tip a little steep for bar food
4	Great draft beer selection. Try the Blackened Tuna on Pita Bread.  It was perfectly done, seared rare.
5	In the summer you can sit at outdoor tables in the alley. I love that you can sit outside with your dog. They even bring out a bowl of water for your pup. This coupled with the draft beers makes it one of my favorites.They have a huge selection of beers and rotation of drafts. The drink menu is like a small novel. If you can't decide the servers/bartenders are knowledgeable and will help you make a choice.   I have ordered food here a couple of times and was amazed at how good everything was.
4	Love Crane Alley ----Huge selection of beers and they make excellent cocktails. The atmosphere is mellow and causal and in nice weather, there is great seating outside. 3 pool tables in the main floor along with a long bar and plenty of seating. The food is surprisingly excellent bar fare. I was expecting the food to be okay and was pleasantly surprised. I frequent Crane Alley every week and my favorites are their burgers and their fish sandwich!They are a bit pricey but for what you get in terms of quality and atmosphere I think it is a good deal.
5	I grew up in Urbana, and many times with so many great places to eat in the C-U/Campustown area it can be hard to choose where to go. Something everyone can always agree to is Crane Alley! The food is AMAZING and way better quality than most bars can claim. The sweet potato fries are a must try, and I also love the turkey pita sandwich! Also a great selection of beers and full bar, not to mention a great atmosphere. I love to sit in the alley in the summer! Definitely one of my favorite spots at home!
5	The Craft Beer Battered Fish is a great deal for a quality fish sandwich. They do not skim out on the filet at all, and they serve it when it's still deliciously hot! They also toast the bun to give it an extra crunch. I normally eat half and save the other half for later, but I couldn't resist. My plate was completely cleaned by the time we left. I also ordered a small soup on the side, it was the blue cheese tomato soup and that was really great too! We came during lunch, so there was no wait at all. I'd imagine a long wait later on during the day.
4	Great (!) Beer selection and friendly wait staff. The food is also generally very good. I especially recommend the spinach artichoke dip. Sooo yummy, but sadly a little skimpy on the pita that goes w/ it. Beers aren't cheap but I've never been anywhere w/ such a great selection. Pretty nice beer garden area on the side of the building as well.
4	Rock solid! This place will impress even the biggest beer snob in the group, especially if Belgians are preferred.  Crane Alley is Champaign-Urbana's answer to Chicago's Hopleaf. No kidding. I enjoyed a Gulden Draak and my husband had the Local Option American Muscle.They have a fabulous, albeit limited, food menu and a weekly pool tournament. The servers are friendly & knowledgeable, and there are several dining areas away from the bar and pool tables for those who require a bit more privacy. My only complaint is the presence of babies, kids, and teens in the room...one of my biggest pet peeves. Next time I'm visiting my parents in Shampoo-Banana, I'll certainly return to Crane Alley.
3	Mehhhh this place is OKAY. Nothing worth going back to. My friend and I were in Urbana and we decide to try out crane alley (mainly because black dog was closed). He said he hear it was good. It wasn't. Before I begin, the food wasn't bad per say but it wasn't great. And for the price of the burger I got. It DEFINITELY wasn't worth it. I got the 15$ burger thinking, well it's the most expensive one, should be pretty tasty right? WRONG. I substituted the fries for the soup of the day which was jambalaya. +2.50$. Blah. The jambalaya was actually pretty decent. Not amazing but it was pretty hardy. The burger came out and it just seemed like crane alley was trying to do too much on one burger. It had blue cheese, Dijon mustard, bacon and a few other things that didn't go together great. I've also forgot the name of the burger. It was the only one over 14$I almost gave this place 2 stars but I felt kinda bad because it seems like they have a good beer selection and the staff is very polite. Would I go back? Probably not. Rather spend my money on the better places to eat in Urbana champaign. :-)  I would consider going back for a drink but nothing else.
5	Crane Alley is by far the best Urbana bar. Well, okay, maybe that's not saying much, but this place does stand on its merits. It's equal parts restaurant and bar; you can get a drink or a meal whether you're at a table or the bar. There are also a couple of pool tables across from the bar, and when it's warm out you can sit at a table in the eponymous alley next to the bar. (Do this at night--it can feel downright romantic beneath the strings of little lightbulbs.)Crane Alley has an excellent beer selection. They always have a dozen or so good ones on tap, and the bartenders and servers are knowledgeable enough to give recommendations. (I think they do beer tastings and whiskey tastings, although I've never been.) The liquor selection is good, with an emphasis on whiskey, and there are a couple of menu pages dedicated to sweet cocktails. I usually ordered beer here but the few mixed drinks I had were well-made.Food-wise, they serve burgers, pasta, steaks, and appetizers. I was an especially big fan of the Portobello mushroom sandwich (a burger-type sandwich with a mushroom instead of meat, and roasted red pepper, feta, and pesto) and the potato pancakes (a decently-sized appetizer that comes with asparagus and a tasty cream sauce). My only complaint about this place is that some of the meals feel overpriced--my friend ordered the hanger steak once and it was not $16 worth of steak. Oh, and I wish they had kept the beet chips on the menu; paired with a goat cream cheese for dipping, they were awesome, but they disappeared from the menu sometime last year.Downtown Urbana actually has a handful of restaurants and bars, but for whatever reason most of them feel like exclusively townie haunts. Crane Alley and Black Dog are the two exceptions, and unless you're specifically in the mood for barbecue and are willing to wait an hour for a table at Black Dog, Crane Alley is the place to go. It's too far from campus for the undergrads, so it's usually a mix of grad students and professionals. You can eat a burger at the bar, you can grab a beer and play pool, or you can treat your date to fancy cocktails and a nice dinner in the upstairs loft. Highly recommended.
1	this place is horrible. the waiters are rude and the food is average. the waiter I had never came back and filled our drinks and was nothing but rude to me and my family. the salad also tasted of dirt like they plucked it fresh out of the garden and didn't wash it.
5	I love Crane Alley,  their corn beef sandwich is top notch, the staff is fantastic and the atmosphere is pretty good.    The Alley with the lights hanging over the buildings in the summer time is  pretty terrific - you can sit there and sooner or later as people are walking through  the conversations start, everyone seems to know each other.  They have plenty of assorted beer's  and the best desert~!
4	Had about 10 meals here over the years. Glad they are in Downtown Urbana. Great people work here. Good Good Good drink selection/beer/booze. I have not strayed to far from my faves, so I can not really give a fair array of menu reviews here. That said, what I have had, I adore.
4	If you like beer then this place is for you. No really, if you like beer you should come here. Now. This place features all kinds of local beers from the IL area in addition to featuring a ton of other great microbrews from across the country. I wouldn't come here in a rush because you need some time to actually read through all of their beer selections there are that many! It is a mini binder, so come ready to read about beer, taste beer, and enjoy beer, and then maybe even play a little pool (until the pool league comes in that is, since they have a league here a few days a week!). They also have beer samplers and I have to say that Matt J. and I were very impressed with our bar tender in that she not only remembered the 10 different beers we ordered, but then recited them back in order in increasing light to dark beers as well. Amazing. That is the type of bar tender at a great beer place that you want. So hat's off to her! The food looked pretty good here too and everyone here just seemed happy in general. It is a darker bar restaurant on the inside so good for group outings or dates I would say, but if you don't like beer, you will be missing the main draw of this place!
2	Nothing worth going back for...except for the beer which was fantastic.  Food made me think of glorified leftovers and overpriced at that.  I had the steak sandwich and was very underwhelmed.  It came on two pieces of what tasted like wonderbread and the gondolza(sp) was almost nonexistent.  Great atmosphere and our waitress was very attentive.  Don't think I'll be back for the food though.
4	Personally, I have greatly enjoyed all of my trips to Crane Alley. There's plenty of options for vegetarians. My favorite appetizers are the hummus which is served with warm pita bread and the sweet potato fries which are dusted with brown sugar and served with barbecue sauce. Both are to die for!The beer selection is great and I enjoy the cocktails as well. Overall, it is a great place for happy hour, dinner, or for hanging out and shooting pool.
4	My two best dude pals just got married on St. Patty's Day in Urbana, and we headed here for the "reception" lunch. Charming interior, prompt service, and tasty eats!Holiday fate included Irish stew, corned beef & cabbage, rare bit, Irish soda bread, and a platter of all of the above. Of course, I opted for the platter to get a taste of everything.- Corned beef and cabbage was nice spotted in the Irish stew. Mmm...- Rare bit - basically cheese on toast, was horrid. Soggy bread with fake, melted cheese on it. - Irish soda bread - classic!- Irish stew - infused with lamb, potatoes, and veggies. Very nice on a cold, windy day.As for drink, I had my usual Strongbow. They don't have it on tap, just in a bottle. Eh, next best thing. Can't stand the taste of it out of those yucky cans.
5	My favorite date spot in champaign. They have a fantastic beer menu and a seasonal, chef-inspired menu. Their burgers are the best in town (in my opinion). And I am yet to have something here I didn't like. Staff is very knowledgeable, at tentative, friendly, and helpful. One of Crane Alley's best features is its diversity of atmosphere. You can sit at the bar and enjoy, shoot some pool with your friends, or you can have a more private table in the back 2 stories of the restaurant that are quite and comfortable for having a nice meal. Then during the warmer months, you can sit outside on the sidewalk or in their quaint, creatively-decorated alley that is right next to the building (hence the name Crane Alley). The ambiance out there is top notch and I would highly recommend it any time the weather is nice!
4	I just really love this place. The beer selection is fantastic. The food is surprisingly good.. The service rarely disappoints, and the ambience outside in the summer is awesome. Not much reason to drive to Champaign to drink when I can walk to Crane Alley!
1	Skip this place at ALL costs. I went with a small group and the service was horrible. We were seated after a long wait and then told that we could not order food because the kitchen was too small and had too many orders already in! What kind of establishment tells customers (who are seated and hungry) that they cannot order food? What a joke! We asked for salsa and chips and were told that we could not order anything. It took everything in our power not to walk out. Once we finally were able to order, the staff and management stared at our table and could not wait to take our plates. I was not even done and told the manager to leave my plate. This place is ran poorly and needless to say, our group won't be back! There are many better places to eat in the CU area!
4	Crane Alley rocks! Drinks are are strong and the food is great. We had the Italian beef and Reuben and both were solid. The wait for a Friday night wasn't too bad- about a twenty minute wait for a table, but we grabbed a drink and a couple seats at the bar while we waited. Atmosphere was lively and staff was great!
1	This place has been a joke everytime I've gone. I only go when friends go & everytime the worst experience ever. You get poor service on all fronts.
4	Their desserts are now made in house and are pretty fantastic.  The mint cheesecake isn't heavy and is refreshing.The cheesecake in general here is way better than the cheesecakes I could find in St. Louis.  Seriously.They seem to have a rotating thing of desserts but if you see the carrot cake get that too.  It's a lot more delicate than what I'm used to.
4	This is a great place to come for a drink and a late night meal. Last night, we had the poutine and a couple of $4 flights. With a friendly staff, this is one of our regular Urbana spots to visit.Octoberfest here is phenomenal!
1	I live in Urbana, and I think that this is the best place to go locally for some drinks and food.  Well, I used to think that, until I had a bad experience.  One night in the summer, I went to celebrate getting a new job.  The night was going well and the server was pleasant.  The food that we ordered was severely overpriced.  $12 burgers? Are we in Manhattan?  Because I can get burgers in Manhattan for less than 12 bucks and they taste better.  But, I'm digressing.  The main reason for the one star is because after two drinks, I forgot to sign my copy of the receipt.  I totally realize that this was my error--an unintentional one. However, the server took it upon himself to run my credit card without authorization and give himself a full tip, even though I didn't agree or sign anything.  Shameful in my book.
5	This place is my main go-to to drink great beer.  Every single person on the wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the beers.  I'm always looking for a good recommendation, and the draft list changes so often that I rarely have a hard time choosing something new.  The artichoke dip and the special nachos are a must!
4	Excellent quality bar food plus the more elevated stuff is good too. Good sized beer menu. Definitely my favorite place in Champaign-Urbana for outdoor dining and drinking. My favorites: Turkey pita, sweet potato fries, whatever the "special" hamburger is
3	While I was a student at UIUC, it never crossed my mind to go here.  Only after I graduated and moved away did I come to like beer and realize how many opportunities I had missed in Champaign/Urbana...So when I was in town visiting, I finally had a chance to go here.  I thought the beer selection was good, but I would have preferred more options on tap.  Because I'm used to the higher cost of living in Ann Arbor, the beer prices seemed reasonable, especially for flights.  That said, I expected them to be slightly lower, since it's Urbana and not Ann Arbor.The menu looked great.  I got the porter marinated steak and was really excited because everything about it sounded like exactly what I wanted.  The food was somewhat disappointing, though.  I wouldn't say it was bad, but it was a little bland and just didn't live up to my expectations.  If I come back, I'd probably just get a burger or sandwich.Service was fine.  Our waitress checked on us just enough, and food came out in a reasonable amount of time.I'd definitely stop here again if I'm in the area, but I wouldn't be too upset if I couldn't.
2	I had the hanger steak. In my 22 years of life, I've never been more dissapointed by a meal. Perhaps I shouldn't have gone to Crane Alley hungry. The portion size for the beef was laughable at $18. The suace was bland. The side of asparagus was fine. The garlic mashed potatoes were decently good. My friends got sandwiches at half the cost and I was definitely envious. My favorite part about dining out tonight was watching my friends eat their meals.
2	The burgers are typically good, service has been variable.Unfortunately, we decided to try one of their specials which was some nachos with steak ragout sauce and roasted jalapenos, with a chipotle sauce. Sounded amazing but as it came, it was just a big bowl of chips and barely any sauce. It just seemed so plain and the ragout was just a dark mush of sauce that seemed like it came from a can. Nothing about it was special and this cost $14. I asked the waitress for more sauce seeing that most of our chips were very bare, and later when the bill came, she had charged us for the additional sauce. When telling her we ordered more sauce because the chips barely had any, she said "I'll take off the charge, Jesus Christ." She was definitely rude and hostile--unnecessarily. If the kitchen messed up and didn't add enough sauce, you don't really need to charge the customer.Either way, Crane Alley isn't on my list of placed I'd check out again. I'd rather check out Farren's in Champaign. The recent service and food option was definitely not something I'd want to experience again. Thanks, but no thanks Crane.
4	I come here often for both food and drinks. The food is generally pretty good, but I wouldn't come here specifically for it. Burgers and sandwiches are alright, sweet potato fries are superb, and the spinach artichoke dip is a must if you are getting drinks with a few friends.The real highlight of this place is the beer menu. There are always new drafts and an endless list of bottles to choose from. They also have a "Beer Tour" club where you can keep track of how many different beers you've tried and get prizes along the way.Service is always great, and there is plenty of outdoor seating when it's nice outside. Definitely one of the better places in Downtown Urbana to grab a drink!
