4	One word: Bacado.  Bacon, avocado and cheese in an omelet.  Seems common place, but no other restaurant does it so well.Breakfast and brunch only.
3	Went to this place for breakfast for the first time the other day.  I was rather impressed that it was a healthy alternative to your average breakfast at Denny's or International House of Pancakes.One of the first things I noticed when I walked in was that every table had their own pitcher of ice water ready for the customers to pour.  Don't get me wrong, while this was great since I was able to easily quench my thirst, I thought it was odd that for a state that's extremely conscious about water preservation, they could do this.  Fortunately I used some of the water our table couldn't finish by filling my empty water bottle.  ;bOh yeah, forgot to mention one really cool thing I like about this place is that when you get the check, it has the person's order and drinks AND tax summed up as Person 1, Person 2 , etc.  Plus a big lump sum at the bottom.  They really need to do that at ALL restaurants!!!  :DOverall, the service was pleasant and prompt.  Unfortunately, I forgot the name of the tomato basil wrap dish I ordered, and while it was healthy delicious (tomato basil wrap, egg white, cheese, spinach, and smoked turkey... and side fruit), I was disappointed that the basil taste wasn't as strong as I hoped it would be.  My boyfriend also wasn't satisfied with his Chorizo Burrito.  So... 3 stars.
4	When I was younger I thought First Watch was a local restaurant that started at this location because they had several menu items with hospital "themed" names and with some of my family working at the hospital, it seemed like it must have been created just for them.  I was dashed to find out it wasn't true.  This is still my favorite First Watch location, and I thnk should be listed somewhere as "Best place to choke on your ham" or "Best place to meet a single Dr."  or something because it's littered with hospital staff.  Not that there's anything wrong with that...I love everything on the menu.  I love how fresh everything tastes and how healty it (almost) all seems.  I didn't realize the limits of the menu until I went there for breakfast with someone who doens't eat eggs.  Wow. There goes 90% of the menu.  Not that a breakfast/lunch place has to have tons of non-egg options, but if someone is looking for an alternative, it's pretty much just pancakes, or order something from the lunch menu.  Service has always been good, though rushed at times.  Wonder if any of these folks are just working here to meet the Dr's of their mother's dreams?  Could be interesting to find out...
1	A previous reviewer mentioned Ihop and Denny's.  Right on.  Might as well mention LePeep and other bland, vanilla, overcrowded "restaurants" too.  All I will say is this: Until you've had a waitress dripping with sweat (Dripping!) deliver your food, you can't complain.  So, I guess we CAN complain.  Grow up...Go someplace real.
3	First Watch is always a reliable place to hit after a night of binging or a moderate bout of dysentery, as you can always expect the food to be bland but healthful.  Barely anything on the menu is slathered in grease, which is a nice change from some of FW's competitors.  I'm not totally slamming the place: I actually like the combos they offer in terms of the sweet-savory equilibrium that's so important to me when breakfast is concerned.  The retirement home-style pastels are soothing, too.  You might expect Dorothy, Rose, and Blanche to sit down in the booth next to you at any moment.A big FW plus is that generous seating ensures that there are barely any times when you have to wait to be seated for breakfast or lunch.  So if you can't get a seat at nearby Matt's Big Breakfast or the Park Central Good Egg, consider this egg joint.
2	Ive been 4 times it think last time was yesterday....OK so the Good........some good creative menu choices....ah a Fajitas crepe was interesting....BAd: Bugs on table....straw wrapper in water? (-1 star)traditional food Eggs Benedick.... terribly bland....and different food that Fajita crepe thing also not good.....(-1 star) Hours....um close at 2:30pm? I give points for havening long hours and good food this place has neither....(-1 star)It not the worst but I can't recommend it anymore....
4	I used to go to First Watch once a week and I strongly recommend this place.  The pancakes are to die for and the service is first rate.  It i one of the few breakfast places that keeps it real with the sausage, and serves it up many ways (links, patties, chorizo, etc).  One of my favorite places in the valley.
4	I really like this place for breakfast.  There is almost never a wait for a table, even on Saturday morning.  The food and service is reliable.  There are some healthy options on the menu as well as some very not healthy options (which we all sometimes need and want for breakfast).  One of my close friends introduced me to this restaurant years ago.  As it is downtown, it was awfully out of my way to go again.  But, I always thought of it fondly.  Now, that I am only minutes from downtown - I think I will be getting here more often.  I'm almost glad that there are several poor reviews on yelp because it secures my ability to wander in and get a table whenever I please! :)
4	I've eaten there many times.  Nice people.  Good food.  They give you your own pitcher of water & carafe of coffee [very nice touches]!  Reasonable prices.
4	My co worker and I were driving around Phoenix looking for an Ihop and stumbled upon First Watch.  Good thing we did because it was well worth the breakfast stop considering their reasonable prices, good variety, free pitcher of coffee at our table, and very friendly service.  I had something called a Crepegg which is a thin sweet crepe combined with fluffy whipped eggs.  It kind of tastes like an omelet but not really since it has the crepe batter in it.  But my Key West Crepe was very satisfying with avocado, bacon, smoked turkey, tomatoes, and monterey jack cheese.  I did also want to try the banana crunch with granola pancake but you can only eat so much in one sitting!!!
4	First Watch is good for a light breakfast as they really don't pile on the food.  The food is good though and the service is good too.
5	This is near my downtown condo, which is convenient since I can eat here multiple times a week without tiring of it.Free newspapers, great service and friendly staff who remembers their "regular" customers, breakfast all day and huge glasses of iced tea - adds up to a very enjoyable, affordable meal.
3	this place reminds me of a more refined dennys. run of the mill breakfast spot. you wouldn't be missing out on much if you never ate here, and i only came here because the place i really wanted to get breakfast at had an hour wait. i couldn't find any breakfast item that looked particularly appetizing, so i went with the buffalo chicken wrap. my gf ordered the choco chip pancake, and a side of scrambled eggs and ham. food came out, nothing special, taste and looks wise. my buffalo chicken wrap was overloaded with lettuce and lacked a suitable amount of chicken. the buffalo sauce was different than any i've ever had and wasn't very spicy. the bleu cheese crumbles were good though. i ordered a side of bleu cheese dressing and it came out looking like mayo. i don't know if i can ever eat bleu cheese after that. my gfs pancake was a ok nothing really stood out.our sever was awesome though. everyone inside was very friendly. i appreciate good service.
4	Well... The food may have been a little closer to the mediocre side, but the service was great! I had what my gf always says as a "boring breakfast". Chocolate chip pancakes, and a side of ham and an egg. The pancake was a little dry but the ham was pretty good. Coffee was average, eggs were average. But they did have some decent things on the menu. I do like that they brought out an entire carafe of coffee, and water so I don't get stuck paying 2 bucks for a tiny cup-o-joe w/ no refill, or trying to flag someone down for one. Nice! But our server was great. She apologized for the OJ spilled all down the side of her previous to our visit. It did look bad though. lol. When I went to pay they were the guy asked me how everything was and what I had planned today. I sincerely appreciate people who enjoy their job, and make your experience enjoyable. In short: Service, 5 stars.... Food 3 stars...
4	I liked First Watch. It's not as nice as the one at The Promenade, but it's quaint, and that's how breakfast should be in my opinion. I thought the food here was great. There's usually a 5-10 minute wait on a weekend morning, which isn't so bad. I went here with my mom and we both enjoyed the food and our server was very social and friendly, and we all had a laugh. Prices are reasonable too.
1	we used to go here every Sunday...but, something happened a few months ago and all of a sudden the wait staff turned over and the service just went to crap.  The Manager did buy us breakfast once and encouraged us to return...AND WE DID..then the stupidity just multiplied like bunnies and rats.  Food is good but the staff just does not seem to give a darn about you getting your drinks or food....Don't waste your time Phoenix Downtowners.....go to Good Egg
3	Nice, respectable breakfast place near Encanto park.It has a basic, chain brunch place feel, but with the friendly servers, somehow it seemed a bit more homey. Seats are basic wooden booths and the inside seems a bit cooler and darker than you'd expect for a bright Phoenix morning. The menu is basic breakfast fare and I had a version of the Denver omelette with english muffins on the side. There was also a potato side that came with it: for the life of me, I believe it was homefries, but I'm not 100%. Obviously it wasn't too memorable, but I thought everything here was at least average.Prices were reasonable and they dropped a coffee canteen at my table (and even refilled it when I had drank the whole thing) for easy access. So, not a meal that you'll remember for the rest of your life, but there won't be any nightmares here either......
4	We made a trip to First Watch on the way to the airport to take our daughter so she could catch a flight to Texas.  I know what you are thinking..."why would anyone want to go to Texas on purpose?".  She really does have a good reason, so off we went.  We walked in and they seated us right away.  Our waitress promptly greeted us and took our drink order.  She introduced herself as "Lindsay", and I am sure she is not the "Milkoholic Lindsay" from the E-Trade commercial.  She did a great job for us.  Our food came out quickly and it was quite tasty.  Lindsay checked on us quite a few times as we ate and refreshed our drinks. We will be returning for another visit.   The valley needs more places that have a good to great breakfast...!
2	FRIENDLY, FAST SERVICE AND GREAT FOOD. NEIGHBORHOOD FAVORITE. --eggs overcooked--oj watery but tasty--food not greasy or oily--everything just a little bit healthier than you'll find elsewhere.
4	Food is great. Service has always been slow...even when the restaurant is not busy. Haven't been back in months.  however, the last 2 times i have gone, the service has been much quicker so i increase from 3 stars to 4!  and downtown location is across the street from golds gym downtown so i may frequent much more.
3	This place is just fine.  You will have a decent breakfast.  Their coffee is great, they have lots of different flavored creamers and the food is fine.We got tired of paying $20 for breakfast at the big named hotels across the street.  We tried this place out and never ate at the hotels again, even if the boss was paying.Certainly worth a trip if you're stuck in downtown for a few days.
2	A coworker of mine selected this restaurant as her birthday lunch destination when I offered to treat. And what the birthday girl wants, the birthday girl gets... so off we went! This was literally my First Watch - I had never even heard about this place until she mentioned it. The inside is just as some other reviewers have pointed out, very cafeteria like yet still cheerfully bright. It definitely gives off a "Good Day Sunshine" breakfast vibe.We sat down in a not so comfortable cafeteria style booth, and I began to scan the menu. The options looked decent but boring, and spanned the spectrum of usual omelet, egg, bacon, pancake, griddle, wrap, sandwich and salad dishes. First Watch also has "The Healthier Side" - a portion of their menu dedicated to those watching their waistline. I thought that was a nice touch. The coffee tasted like warm water with brown food coloring in it, very unimpressive. I ordered the No. 5 - an Asian salad with chicken, romaine lettuce (yuck), wontons, cashews, cilantro and carrots with the ginger sesame dressing on the side. This salad was not impressive at all, and it needed more toppings to combat the bland romaine lettuce. I just picked at it throughout the entire meal. The birthday girl ordered the Black 'n Blue Wrap - roast beef, blue cheese, tomato, lettuce and horseradish sauce wrapped up in a spinach tortilla. She was impressed with her meal, so maybe I should have gotten a wrap instead! However, I probably won't go back for my Second Watch to find out. Overall, First Watch is decent. The service is fast yet friendly and the food is mediocre. The breakfasty-brunchy-lunchy menu was a step up from an IHOP or Denny's because First Watch's food isn't as greasy. So if I had to compare, I would say First Watch's menu resembles The Good Egg's menu - although I think that The Good Egg's food quality, presentation and flavor is much better. If you're looking for a breakfast place open early in that general area, I suggest you drive a little further up Central to the Park Central Shopping center and hit up The Good Egg. In my opinion, their salads are tastier and their coffee is stronger.
4	I happen to really like this place for breakfeast. I have been going to this location  and the other location for years and always happy with my meal. I used to get the Bubbas Benny which is biscuits and gravy with eggs and potatoes. But now they make it with turkey sausage so I dont get it anymore. Now I get the eggs benidict. Its good and the hollandaise sauce doesnt have a lot of lemon in it. Im not a fan of lots of lemon in my hollandaise. The waffles and french toast here are good as well. This place has burgers, salads, and sandwiches to. Prices are good. $5-10. I dont think they have anything over $10 on the menu.
5	I ate there for the first time on sat morning and it was soo good we went back on Sunday morning I love their food its so healthful compared to other breakfast spots in the area and the prices are comparable!
4	Nice sized parking lot. Friendly staff.
3	i mean, it's just average. lots of old people. lots of regulars.i wish i could give 5 stars solely for our waitress. in fact, i'm going to write the manager to tell them about our awesome waitress. seriously, who cares about the food. i want to be her bff4l, she was so damn nice. apparently everyone loves her bc the regular oldies were hugging her and she knew them all by name. i have NEVER had such a great waitress. for sure, the best, ever. the food was neither here nor there...just typical breakfast stuff... but i would go back just to hang out with my new bff4l. i wish i knew her name, but if you go here just ask for the blonde girl that everyone loves, you will love her too. and you will also want to be her bff4l.
4	We went here for breakfast last weekend and I was pleasantly surprised. The coffee is there own brand and it has a great flavor. I especially like that they have a bunch of different flavored creamers. The staff is very friendly and efficient. You can tell this is the type of place that has regulars. I also like that they have both breakfast and lunch items to choose from. I had the Key West Crepe egg. The crepe egg is a mixture between a thin crepe and whipped eggs and it was stuffed with turkey, bacon, avocado, tomatoes and probably some other goodies. It came with hash browns and an english muffin. My husband had the traditional breakfast which is pretty much what it sounds like. Overall I would recommend First Watch because it's a great breakfast at a good price with friendly staff.
5	I used to come here quite often and really enjoyed it. However, something happened and they really went down hill. I went there again about 3 weeks ago after not going there for years and it was really good. So we went there again this week. Again really good, the food has greatly improved!  Everything  once again was delicious and the service was fantastic.  I am so glad that they got it together again. They are only open for Breakfast and lunch. But, i love that they are right here in the neighborhood.
2	First Watch is a local chain that serves up average breakfast food. This place isn't terrible, but it is also not remarkable in any way.The booths are made of slotted wood, and for some reason they haven't been updated in years, resulting in sub-par seating that will leave horizontal lines on anyone wearing shorts.The food is ok, not exciting or great, just ok. The coffee is bad, it looks like coffee but tastes like brown water. Additionally they don't have fresh half&half, they have the little individual cups similar to Circle K.For this visit, the HUGE downfall was the service. I won't describe this person because I don't want any harm coming to her job, but if our server wasn't on meth, then I don't like cupcakes (HINT- I love cupcakes). The server was jittery, confused and racing around unnecessarily. Making things more annoying, the booth near us apparently had some of the servers friends dining, and they were so loud, I thought I was at a club. When we were seated the server yelled over to us asking us for a drink order. For the next ten minutes she sat with her pals and cackled about something they were watching on a smart phone.It was sketchy too because they started talking pretty loudly about sex acts, and other things that aren't the best fit when there are tables of kids within five feet. I have a great sense of humor, but 11:00am on a Saturday isn't the best time to get cheeky at breakfast. In a different restaurant, they might politely ask the people who are yelling loudly and having inappropriate conversations to dial it down, but here the server was sitting with them, and was part of it.  Interestingly, all the other staff we encountered were very nice and appropriate, but our server was SO poor, that it just couldn't save the outing. Our food was brought to us by a lovely server who we wished would have been ours from the start. After our food was brought out, our server never stopped by again. It was funny however, that she had to walk by our table five times to go back and sit with her friends, and cackle some more- but couldn't stop to see if we needed more water (yes) Luckily my dining pal has a sense of humor and just rolled her eyes, but I would be livid if I brought my Mom, etc. there.In closing, I cannot recommend this place for a meal. It's not terrible, but with the economy being so sketchy, it's nice to spend money somewhere that is comfortable and where you're not ignored, or served by someone who likely cannot pass a drug test.
3	I took my dad here for breakfast when he came into town for the morning. I actually took him here based solely on the location because it was close to my house.  The food is ok, I had the "traditional" breakfast with scrambled eggs, turkey sausage and potatoes.  The egg were just ok, didnt really have flavor and were kind of dry, I wonder do they add milk to their eggs?
4	If you're looking for a delicious cafe/diner type of breakfast/lunch place with good prices, then go to First Watch in midtown Phoenix.  The food and coffee and is fantastic, I've never had a bad meal their. Probably one of my favorite places to go for Eggs Benedict. Every server I've ever had there has been on point, and smiling. I thought it was surprisingly cheap for how good the food was. Lots of variety and choices on the menu. Easy access and plenty of parking.
4	Very consistent place for breakfast with the kids.  Pancakes are always terrific, and I like that I can order a single pancake (they're HUGE; if you're eating a stack of these, be prepared for a nap).  Servers are always super-friendly, and very attentive if the place isn't jammed.  Kids' meals are a terrific deal.   Nice that they have flavored creamers to go with the coffee.  Not as funky & flavorful as Matt's Big Breakfast, but no wait, and a lot cheaper.
4	First Watch offers the standard American breakfasts.  It's good stuff.  What I noticed about this restaurant is the consumer service.  Albert's customer service skills are second to none.  Dude asked me what my name was, shook my hand and referred to me by my first name every time he came by to see how I was doing.  I recommend this restaurant.
4	I am totally in love with their fresh brewed mango iced tea, it is really good. Their food is more on the healthy side and offers some choices that are not on most breakfast/lunch spots. I have tried their eggs benedict with turkey & avocado and it was wonderful. The turkey here tastes fresh roasted and is sliced super thin. Also had their waffle...wow!! its light, fluffy, and not too sweet. Comes with hot syrup and a fruit compote.Service here is excellent all around, even when they are super busy. I will be back here again and again.
2	It's bland old white people food, if you like that sort of thing ;) Sort of like a more pricey version of Denny's.
2	Other than the atmosphere, I don't have too much positive to say about First Watch.  The eggs were disgusting! They were bright yellow and had the most bizarre texture.  You would have thought they were feeding the chickens fabric softener.  I had a carrot cake pancake, which i thought was a pretty clever idea. Unfortunately, it was multi-grain.  Let me tell you, a multi-grain carrot cake pancake is just a bit too much going on for me.  The service was fair but far from great.   Overall, far from a wow, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back. 2.5 stars.
5	I was shocked to see the low ratings about First Watch.  We have been here dozens of times and the food and service have always been top notch.  It is consistently great.  I will continue to support this great breakfast and lunch spot.  Special recognition to the servers-everyone is so friendly, positive and laid back.
5	Every weekend I come to First Watch and the service is always outstanding. I usually have one of two regular waitresses and they are always so nice and cheerful. The food is always good and quickly served. If you want a decent breakfast in a nice happy environment then go here.
4	I'm here pretty regularly for a breakfast meeting, so I've grown pretty well acquainted with the joint.If I were rating it on service alone, it'd be a solid 5 stars. The waitstaff are always attentive and friendly, have answered questions I didn't even ask (thank you, psychic bathroom directions buddy!) , and know the menu well. They don't even bat an eye at special requests. No matter what size group we end up having, the servers and the kitchen both cope well, too, which is always rad.The food, alas, isn't as standout awesome as the service. It's not bad by any means. It's edible and tastes good and comes out at the appropriate temperature. The menu's got a great variety. It's just not anything to write home about. If you asked me "Where can I get a reliably decent breakfast," First Watch would be at the top of the heap. If you want a mind-blowingly amazing breakfast, not so much.
3	it's a healthy breakfast all day looking joint.  Remind me of sunrise cafe in Vegas.   very friendly service and prompt.  Definitely a good spot to go.
3	Solid place to grab a classic breakfast. Nice selection with seasonal choices. Had the Pumpkin Pancakes with some herbal tea.
5	To start with, please notice that all four people who have given this restaurant 1-Star reviews are friendless Orangeheads!  With that out of the way... I stopped in to this very nice place for lunch today joined by Mike C., & ordered a Monterey Club Sandwich, which comes with a choice of soup or salad for a side.Of the three soup choices available, I chose "Chicken Enchilada", & it was TERRIFIC!!  Then came the sandwich.  It arrived on a big pair of very fresh & tasty slices of multi whole grain bread, cut in half.  Inside was turkey, bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato & mayonnaise.  It was also SUPER GOOD!  Monterey Club Sandwich & soup $8.49.  Plenty to eat, excellent value, excellent table service, 5 Stars!     :-))(Hours:  Weekdays 6:30 to 2:30; Saturday & Sunday 7:00 to 2:30.  Both Breakfast & Lunch anytime.)
4	Fresh food, attentive staff and boy is it fast!  I like the skillets and they'll sub out my toast for fruit, which is nice.  I never feel like I ate heavy, sticky, icky food when I leave and I like that.Every single employee you encounter interacts with you with a big ol' smile on their face.  There is ONE wait person who is a little ditzy and I try to avoid her like the plague, but overall I am very impressed with this place.  Not a greasy diner, no siree!Tasty!  I'd eat lunch here sometime too but their gluten free lunch options are just about non-existent.  I wish they'd change that.
5	The staff is super friendly and helpful. The food is great and out quickly. Coffee is always hot & tasty! This is our go-to breakfast spot! Plus you can sub almost anything, including egg whites, for no extra charge. They're very accommodating, especially for those of us who have to eat gluten free. So happy we found First Watch!
4	My go-to place when I want plenty of breakfast options & 0-little waiting time to be seated. No matter how full it looks like it is, I've only had to wait to be seated once & that took all of 5 minutes. This is a breakfast & lunch restaurant & is not open for diner. I must confess, no matter what time I've been, I always have breakfast, so that's all I can review :DMy favorite omelet is new on their menu, the Ce La Vie. It's  roasted zucchini, onions and tomatoes with herbed goat cheese. It comes with just the right amount of potatoes and an english muffin. I always switch out the muffin for wheat toast. When I'm ravenous & I want something a little heavier, I like the bacon and onion hash.  The staff is always so friendly & our waitress always remembers us, even when she's not our waitress :)
4	Good breakfasts options. They have your classics and some tasty healthy alternatives too.
5	Great place for breakfast and a cup of coffee. The ladies here are amazing and super nice. They bring out my food in a timely manner and the eggs benedict there are to die for. During the Fall/Winter season, they have a specials menu that was delicious. If they still have it I recommend trying the pulled pork sandwich and the butternut squash soup. meals are reasonable priced, and if you go online and subscribe to their newsletter you get a buy one get one entree coupon for your next visit, and you get a free entree on your birthday. This place never disappoints.
4	Yummy as always.  I had the Turkey Chive Crepe Eggs.  It was great.  I wish they still had the California Delight on the menu.  That was my favorite.This is the location nearest my work and I was surprised to get 1) a parking spot and 2) a table with no wait.  It is right across from St. Joe's and it is always packed.  But apparently 12:40 is the time to go.  Darn, I gave away the secret.
4	Great healthy breakfast!
5	I love this place. I had sourdough french toast with kiwi, strawberries, bananas, and blueberries with a side of eggs ($1.59 for an egg? Really? I can buy a dozen for that much!)Anyway, pricy eggs aside, it was SO DELICIOUS. I ate the entire thing, even every last crumb of fruit. I loved it. It was reasonably priced, I got unlimited tea refills, and the server was just the cutest thing I've ever seen. It was like a very very nice and quaint version of denny's in terms of layout, not a lot of trendy indie stuff or whatever, but i loved it.
4	This is a Breakfast ,Lunch place that used to be beyond Great!We really loved coming here many years ago.The same people worked here and it was always a pleasure to come in.Food was wonderful and so was the service.Then things started to change. The food was not as good,They changed the menu up.  Then the staff started to change.When you start losing all the staff you have had for so many years something is not right inside the company.The service and food really went downhill.So we stopped coming here.Well, lately I have been back 2x's. Things are better. They are trying.But, it is still not the same. However, service is fast again, and they do check on you all the time. Food is working it self back up the hill.Maybe they should fo more organic or something.It is still a good place, just not what it was.
4	Whenever I come to First Watch I feel like I'm going to a little diner.  The service is great and the food is great too.  They have a great selection of egg white omelets that you can choose from.  My favorite thing about First watch is that they leave you the whole pot of coffee at your table.  :)  The turkey sausage and egg white omelet is really good.  While if you are in the area and when some breakfast.  You should come here.  It is definitely better then Ihop or Denny's.
5	amazing food and great staff.try the banana blitz if it is still around when you go
5	Tried this place for the first time this morning and it exceeded all ny expectations! I'm not usually the diner type, but the quality of food and commitment top great service will have me back here on a regular basis.
5	Best breakfast/brunch place since I lived in Palo Alto in the 1980s.Different types of dishes.  WHOLE GRAINS,which I love.  Great service.  Not cheap, but worth it!
4	Every chance I get to eat here, I do.  I wish there was one in Tucson.  I order the same thing everytime.  I love the Killer Cajun.
1	I went to first watch for first time and will not be back. I ordered the Chickichanga. The potatoes were burned. I also feel like they were frozen potatoes. The chicken I had inside felt like rubber. And tasted just like frozen Tyson chicken. I felt like I was on an episode of restaurant impossible where I had to taste and criticize the terrible food. The service was not as wonderful as everyone is saying. Yes they were nice but that's all. The host sat us in the very back of the restaurant when there was clearly room towards the front for us to sit. It took at least 10 min for anyone to come to us. After we got our food about 15 min later the waitress brought our bill. It felt as if they were trying to rush us out. But by then I was disgusted by the food I honestly was ready. But hey the water was good.
5	What a great place to eat, food was great. I had the eggs benedict and had a special request to add spinach to it. They said no problem.  Was very good.  Portions just right. Very good.
5	Had the lunch 2fer combo, turkey sandwich and pecan salad. Both were amazing. I added on a cup of tomato bisque that I used for dipping the sandwich in. Delish! (:
5	Came to First Watch after a bad experience with The good egg. 1000x better.Unlike other places, the food isn't greasy and doesn't give me a stomach ache afterwards. Lots of options and you can order breakfast or lunch any time of the day! Our waitress told us: "If we can do it,  we will".She even let us order the Turkey Dill Crepegg even though it's not on the menu any more. I will keep coming here! I recommend it any day.I'm just bummed they close at 2 30 :(
2	It was ok I guess. I had the huevos rancheros, hubby had the traditional breakfast. For me - the beans tasted like canned beans, the tortilla tasted store bought like mission tortillas & the chorizo was a tablespoon so more beans than anything. My over-easy eggs, sliced avocados & potatoes were probably the only thing fresh. Oh, and the pico de gallo was pretty good. So overall it was alright for the amount of serving you get & $. If you're starving it'll fill you up. Most likely won't visit again.Husband said it was bland but did the job (after adding salt, pepper & hot sauce) since he was starving.Apart from the food, the service surpassed the food! :)
4	There may be other breakfast places that are more unique, have better individual menu items, or are more compelling for one reason or another. But over the years, this place has consistently provided great healthy meals and excellent, fast, friendly service. I have never had a bad experience here and have always left wondering why I don't come back here more often. Then I go and try some new trendy breakfast joint, only to realize I would have been better off coming back to First Watch instead. My personal favorite dish is the Chickichanga, but I've eaten half the stuff on the menu and it's all been really good. And I particularly enjoy the fact that no matter what I eat there, I never feel like I just ingested 9lbs of cheese and grease when I'm done. It's all light and healthy and fantastic.
4	Great service the staff all have great smiles.  Oatmeal and turkey sausage links with black coffee.  The pecans and cranberries make the oatmeal tasty
4	Amazing and cheap breakfast. Everything was fresh and delicious. You get your own personal coffee pot for your table. The service was outstanding! Our waitress was so sweet and even offered a to go cup for my coffee.
5	We ate here because it was across the street from St. Joseph's hospital where our baby was in intensive care. Had the Parma Hash. It was amazing!!! I love the server Tomara! She has an awesome personality. She noticed my hospital bracelet and we told her about our baby and she was sweet enough to say a prayer for him. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. It has a friendly happy environment.
5	Great service and food!  The menu is leans (no pun) toward the healthy side, but there are hearty items like "Bubby's Benny", which is sausage, sausage gravy, biscuits and potatoes. The perfect breakfast for a hangover!Only knock for early risers is that it doesn't open till 7:00am on the weekends.
5	The service is amazing as well as the food. Everything I have tried so far has been perfected in taste and presentation.
4	I love breakfast, and First Watch does it right.  I had a hard time deciding because there were so many healthy options, along side heartier food.  Service was good.  I'll be back!
5	First Watch is a UPGRADE Breakfast, Bunch and lunch everything tastes GOOD fresh and HOT and it's not loud and uncomfortable, waitress are all nice and polite and happy serve you with smile, not like DENNY's on 7th St Camelback or IHop on Central Phoenix . Even BETTER than MATT'S BIG BREAKFAST downtown Phoenix, no hard uncomfortable chairs to sit in while your being rush.  Finally find a descent place :-) .
4	Really good with good healthy options! I had the chikichimi which was wonderful! Came with fruit to finish tha job whaaaaaaaaaattttt
4	A special place for breakfast when we lean away from bacon and ham.
4	Good food, not located on 61 and Thomas, the address is 3rd and Thomas. Key West Crepegg, is really good.
5	The food is always been amazing there and they have great dealWhen my wife wants to go out to breakfast that is where we goThe omelettes are the best
5	Great service, food, and reasonably priced.. The Belgian Waffle was one of the best I have ever had, we had a great waiter very attentive n quick with all request. Will b back again..
4	A lot of food from breakfast places tend to taste of fatigue and depressed cooks, but not here. Food tastes fresh, nice portions, and great variety on omelettes and sandwiches. Waffles and pancakes taste fresh and fluffy, and helps with the depression of being in Downtown Phoenix. The staff is always great--feels like a folksy 1950's movie because they're mostly moms who ply on the coffee and food and tell you to eat your veggies.
4	Had the Parm hash, with a Pecan Pancake. Hash was amazing, and was a large plate. Pancake was decent, but overall great breakfast spot. Great service.
5	For this area and especially for those in walking distance working at the hospital this place is a must visit. I am consistently surprised at the intriguing new dishes that arrive for specials. They got my order wrong but the dish they brought was delicious all the same. Quinoa pasta dish with a lemon sauce and fresh white meat chicken grilled on top. Also had the squash soup that tickled the tastebuds pink. Ignore the lackluster exterior and give this place a try.
4	Been here for breakfast many times.  Lunch only a few.  Great American food with speedy service and fair prices.   Only four stars because of the wait on the weekends which actually shows how good this place really is. Never been during the week but it would be a regular lunch destination if I worked downtown.
3	As mentioned in previous reviews, I love breakfast for lunch. The other day I had only 30 minutes for lunch between meetings. I was going to test my luck to see if I can order and consume an omelet within 30 minutes. I usually go to The Good Egg for breakfast for lunch but decided I would give First Watch a try.The experience was satisfactory but not great. Server was polite enough but no personality. He did constantly fill my water which was a plus and he got my order in and food brought out quickly and efficiently. I ordered a veggie omelet with a side of potatoes. Omelet was okay but a bit bland. Thank God for hot sauce. The broccoli inside the omelet was raw which I found unappealing. A nice saute, steam, or roast to them would have made this omelet 10x better. The potatoes it came with were obviously previously frozen, lacked seasoning, and unevenly cooked.The good news is that I was in and out of there in under 25 minutes. I don't think I will return on my own to First Watch. I find the food to be tastier and the service friendlier at The Good Egg.
5	Our first visit--loved it and we'll be back.  The food was prepared exactly as ordered.  We love having a coffee pot on the table.  Overall, a great breakfast experience.
4	I'm going to make this one short and sweet.This restaurant has GOOD FOOD.  It's not what I would call fancy or gourmet but it's that kind of place that you know you and your group is not going to be disappointed.We have been there a couple of times and there is always a wait but never too long and it is always worth it!The HASH breakfast's are my personal favorite and everything about them tastes 100% homemade.  If you are one of those who really likes hash but asks if it's canned because you don't like the kinda salty mushed stuff with little tiny chopped potatoes,  Well you are going to LOVE this place because it is truly homemade and well portioned and full bodied with great flavor!There is always more than enough food to go around; we are big boys and like to eat and start our vacation days with good food for breakfast and have never been disappointed here.When ever in Phoenix I think we eat here at least once..... we always try new places because we are adventurous but First Watch is the place that comes to mind if there is any question or if you've had a bad meal you always think, I should have just eaten there....I would also say they are the masters of comfort food!Good food time and again that you can count on.Thank you!!!
4	Wow. Really great hash! I appreciate that this brunch place gives you a seasonal menu outside of their regular fare. The benches in the place are a little shallow, and I'm a big guy, so there was slight discomfort; however, the quality of service and food quickly made me forget any tweaks I would make to the seating situation. The portions are great, and even an arugula salad was elevated and tasty. We'll definitely be coming back!
5	Best breakfast, brunch, lunch, service in town! Affordable and great for kids. The staff is super professional and kind, Any plate you order will be delicious. Never disappoints. My favorite place for brunch for sure!
