5	This place is truly a hidden gem. The prices are really cheap compared to most places. The manicurists and nail technicians there are really nice, helpful, professional & pamper & tend to whatever you need. I got pink&whites acryllics done there for just $30. The male nail technician that did them for me did such an amazing & thorough job. He didnt speak much english but he was really nice! He MADE sure my nails were perfect and that I was satisfied. There was a small black dot on one of my nails and he fixed them w/o complaining.SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE . YOULL BE BEYOND SATISFIED.
5	I have had many pedicures, manicures, etc., so I have a lot to compare this place to.  I came here with my boyfriend and his mom, we were visiting Las Vegas from SF and wanted all to get a nice pedicure.  My boyfriend go the hot stone pedicure (he was very happy and fell asleep in the chair) and we both got the deluxe pedicure.  They did a great job but what put this place to 5 stars was the excellent customer service!  All of the nail technicians introduced themselves to us, asked us how we were and if the water was okay.  They made great conversation, didn't ignore us at all and were very attentive and happy!  Even when tons of people started pouring in and were waiting they did not hurry up to finish up and rush us.  I also ended up getting a full set of white tip acrylics - its been a week and they still look great!  I will be coming back next time I am in Vegas.
5	The BEST nail salon I've ever come to! My best friend recommend Diamond Nails to me and I was shocked at how great the customer service was. They introduced themselves to me instantly and asked what I would like done. The kindness they all showed, you didn't get a fake give from it either. I got a gel manicure and and spa pedicure. The pedicure was AMAZING. To top it off, I got the Mani/pedi at the same time! Like a princess :) got in and out quick too! Thuy and her husband are great partners! They run an awesome business. I'll never go any place else to get my nails done again. Prices are unbeatable as well!!!
5	Amazing hot stone pedicure. Excellent customer service. My husband's first pedicure, he's now addicted. I can't recommend them highly enough. Came on a day when they were short staffed, and we were never shorted on service. Also were apologetic to waiting  customers. Will be back for sure!
5	This place was great! Very friendly staff.  I went here because my usual place up the street had a half hour wait AGAIN.  I looked it up on yelp and read all the great reviews. Everyone was right!  I got the deluxe pedicure - totally worth the extra $10, plus my eyebrows waxed.  I will definitely be back. I'm so glad I YELP'd it!!
5	This place is the best!  Their ice cream pedicures are awesome!
5	how was this place not jammed pack? i walked in here last Monday afternoon in hopes of getting a mani/pedi. i am on the hunt for a new nail salon after Polished nails (which is right nearby) has just done me so wrong. (see updated review) i looked up walking distance nail salons and diamond nails pops up. not a lot of reviews but all good. i decided to give it a try. i am so glad i did. i walked in as a new client and the receptionist was so sweet. they offered water which was awesome since i walked in the vegas heat and didn't rush me at all. she told me Hoa would be doing my nails. he was the best! the massage chairs were great while i sat there. i do wish they had some magazines to read though. my blackberry kept me pretty entertained though. the best part of this pedicure was the foot massage. i am pretty sure Hoa has magical massage powers. that was the best foot massage i have ever had. why did it have to end? i was so relaxed. he is my new go-to with pedicures just for that foot massage. wow. i am dreaming about it now. as soon as the pedi is done he takes me over to this desk. by this time every employee in the salon has greeted me and asked how i was. so friendly! even the girl at the next station striked up a conversation with me while i got my mani on. again, no rush. they also don't soak your hands in water (which i love because did you know that makes your nail polish not last as long?) Hoa however did wrap each hand in a hot towel covered with plastic while he worked on the other hand. felt so good. again, another great massage. this time the hands. does he know he is removing so much stress from my life?! geesh. i need to go back weekly. he treated each nail as if it was a canvas and he was the artist. i didn't get any crazy things done just my normal "lincoln park after dark" color, but he still treated each coat like it was a masterpiece. Hoa seriously impressed me here.i know i will be back. they strive to do good for their customers. so friendly and the prices aren't awful either. 15 dollars for a manicure and 25 for a pedicure. if you get them together though it comes to $35. works for me. they also have a referral program that sounds great. 5 dollar credit for each client that says you sent them. (mention my name and yelp! haha)diamond nails did me so good. i am also proud to report my color has stayed on almost a full week (hope i didn't just jinx it!) it has usually chipped by now, but i am happy to say it is still in tact. woohoo to whatever top coat they put on!
5	My mom and I tried this place based on the yelp reviews that I read and we were not disappointed! Diamond Nails was busy for a Monday afternoon but the staff was extremely friendly and got us in quickly. The price for a basic pedicure was 25 dollars, which in my experience is about the norm if even a little on the cheap side. Sam, the owner, is so nice and really makes sure that your experience is relaxing and enjoyable. They have several different pedicure options, and from what I saw they have tons of different things for your fingernails as well. All in all, this was a fantastic place with a welcoming staff who make the place somewhere you want to come back to. My mom and I have found our new pedicure place!
5	Hands down the best pedicure I've ever had.  I choose the hot stone pedicure.  Tina did a fantastic job and her massage rivals any I've had at a spa.  The staff was friendly and everyone thanked me for coming in.  Diamond Nails is a real gem!
3	I tend to nail salon hop. A few places I stuck with for a while, but was never truly satisfied. The place was clean and the staff was really friendly and pleasant. Prices for basic mani/pedi are pretty similar to other salons.I was disappointed in their nail polish color selection.And when I sit in a massage chair I want to feel it, it was hardly a vibration on my shoulders. The chair and colors are big sellers for me. I could care less if my nail person doesn't want to hold a conversation with me, I'm usually there to relax anyway and would rather not talk.The pedicure was okay, I've had better. Nothing different about it. I liked that they open a new sterilized kit right in front of you.The manicure was okay too, I didn't get an arm/hand massage with lotion like most places give, but she did wrap my hands in hot, moist towels before my polish which was nice.The rewards program/referral bonus would be the only reason I go back.
5	Diamond Nails takes the business to an outstanding level. I looked up nail salons on yelp while on vacation in Las Vegas for my birthday because I didn't have time to get them done at home by regular technician. I must say, that the reviews did not let me down. The employees at Diamond Nails offer their clients the utmost respect, courtesy, and friendliness. They took their time in helping me find what I wanted. Furthermore, they are excellent at what they do. I received a pedicure and Shellach manicure (gel polish) on July 23 and neither have chipped or peeled and it has been over 2 weeks! I will definitely be returning to Diamond Nails anytime I'm in Vegas and will recommend them to anyone I know or anyone who is looking for a nail salon.
5	These people were really helpful. The prices and services are wonderful.  I never had such an awesome pedicure! My peanut toes looked so straight! LOL! They offer a variety of services with an assortment of polish/gel colors at different price points. Great relaxing atmosphere with nice music. I will be going there to get my nails done now also! Indulge yourself! You deserve it!
5	Great pedicure & manicure! Very clean. Very friendly staff. They did a great job at making my feet smooth & the hot stone massage was wonderful! We were in LV on vacation & wanted something good not Vegas hotel expensive. They need to invest in new polishes though. They mostly have OPI & older colors. Go for Essie Diamond nails! People who know good polish will search for those salons who have Essie & choose that salon over any others. Bring your own polish & you're set. They will up sell you (just an FYI) not making negative commentary here. We all realize that people are in business to make $$. As long as you have integrity while doing it- we can always say "no thanks". A bit expensive for the hot stone $45 each but overall, a great place.
5	While visiting Vegas for my birthday, I really wanted to get a pedicure.  I got lost and arrived at Diamond Nails about a half hour before closing, but noticed that they continued to happily accept clients as they came in.  They didn't even rush, like most nails places do when close to closing time.I chose to get the hot stone pedicure.  Was it an hour in heaven?  Why yes!  Damn Straight!I got warm towels, a foot spa, various yummy smelling creams and scrubs, and best of all a thorough massage!  I chose a simple, french pedicure, which still looks sparkly and perfect.  When I am rich, I plan to come here on a daily basis!
5	i love diamond nails! I actually should've just went here for my rockstar mani =[  But the other nail place did a good job as well. They're usually busy, but for the work that they do, it is expected and that is the reason why I went to the other salon last min =O I came here to do a couples mani/pedi a couple of weeks ago... and ended up getting the shellac for me, and I  also got the delux pedi. My bf got the hot stone foot massage. Let me tell you, they did an excellent job! They give you massages with your hands, and your feet. My bf loved it, and he also loved the fact they had massage chairs and they were even willing to close their curtains for us to make it a little more private. I'm going to have to go back here again.My shellac lasted about 2 weeks, and my pedi lasted a little bit longer. =]
4	I finally went, at the begging of my daughter who is a regular. I loved them, the staff was very personable and professional. I had the mani-pedi and must say that Tina did an excellent job. I will definitely be back! They also have a discount offers for regulars and a great referral program.
5	i received awesome service!!!! hubby and i went there while in vega for our anniversary we both got pedis and i received the no chip mani. great great customer service, we got water, in convo we mentioned it was our anniversary and they gave us a awesome smelling lotion and little crystals for my nails in a gift bag and a card. so thougtful! they did a great job and sooo nice. we will def go back our next visit to vegas!!!!
5	I LOVED this place! I went in for a pedicure. The salon is very cute and welcoming. Everyone was super nice and the receptionist took care of me right away. She was really sweet. I got the hot stone pedicure and it was unbelievable! Totally relaxing and it made my feet feel so smooth and soft. The girl who did it was amazing. (I can't remember her name!). She gave the very best massage. I loved the hot stones! I could feel the stress melt away. I loved that there was privacy too. They pulled a curtain around me and it made me feel like a VIP! :) I was offered water and magazines as soon as I sat down and the manager came and made sure I was comfy. The massage chairs were great too! If I had to make one complaint it was about a customer in the salon. She was SO loud. They had the TV on a football game (which was odd to me) and she was yelling an screaming. And when she talked she talked loud enough for the whole place to hear her conversation. That was a little awkward and the only downfall. Not the salon's fault at all!!! I cannot wait to go back here for my next pedi! I will probably get a mani too.... I highly recomend this place!
5	Tried Diamond based on reviews and am very satisfied and appreciative of fellow yelpers feedback, as I found experience to be as positive as everyone else. The deluxe pedicure really was deluxe, all types of masks, scrubs, creams, truly relaxing and the most thorough pedicure I have had ever.  I had the express manicure and also very happy with results. Trinh is the sweet girl that worked on me and she was very detail oriented, took her time, and did a very good job.  The environment is calm and the owners pleasant and professional. They addressed me by name many times through out my visit.  They don't have fancy chandeliers or dj booth, but they do offer great service. I definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a real manicure and pedicure.
5	worth the trip from the strip. Reasonably priced and the nail technicians are skilled and do good work. The nail polish was perfect and not one smidgen of polish on my cuticles. Good massage and the products they use made my feet and hands very smooth. The are very attentive and accommodating - great service!
5	Too bad I don't live in Vegas, thank you diamond for a fantastic mani and Pedi! They open at 9am which was super helpful when my friend and I had a million errands before a bachelorette. We were out in an hour and my nails didn't chip at all!  And it doesn't hurt to have some nice eye candy..the nail art guy ;)
5	My husband and I just moved to town and we have officially found our new nail place. Diamond Nails is a professional establishment that is clean, friendly, and all about quality customer service. Jason gave me an amazing foot and leg massage (one of the best ones I've had), I highly recommend him! He did a great job on my french pedicure. The owners were so nice, I also got my eyebrows done and it's nice to know the owner helped open up the Salon Dept. at Cosmopolitan and she worked at the Venetian. Her husband Sam was so nice, he gave us sandwiches after he found out the restaurant didn't have the ones my husband wanted to buy close by. I'm sending my family and everyone I know here. I'm sold! And I will definitely be coming back :)-Ava B.
5	James is awesome! All the staff is great, but it's my third time with James and I'm definitely a devoted fan. Check my rainbow and bows nails in the pic gallery. I've done leopard French before as well. It's always fun and creative. You can tell he really enjoys what he does! Perfection
5	I went back to Diamond recently and got the chocolate and champagne pedi. The salon was fairly busy so I had to wait but it was totally worth it. It was a perfect pedicure. And it's been over two weeks and I have NO chips and my feet still feel smooth and amazing. The atmosphere is great and everyone is so friendly. I was also impressed that they took a customer after closing. Great customer service. This is the best nail salon in Vegas! I won't go anywhere else!
4	Soooooo I wanted to get a pedi in Hawaii before I went to Vegas... but my oh so cute boyfriend wanted to spend Sunday with me since I had to work the next couple days before I left... Sunday was supposed to be my pedi day but I told him I'd get a pedi in Vegas instead. Of course I came to Yelp to help me out... and I came across Diamond Nails and liked the reviews.It's a little far from the strip... but since I had a rental car, I'm pretty good with directions, and I like to drive, I thought I'd make the trip. It was fairly easy to find from the Las Vegas strip. I arrived a little after opening and there were a few people getting pedi's and mani's. I signed in and Justin was my nail tech. I had heard awesome reviews about the hot stone pedicure so I opted for that one... never seen that on the menu in Hawaii!Okay, from cutting the nails, to buffing, to trimming, to massaging... everything was AWESOOOOOOME. EXCELLENT. SUPERB. Then we got to the hot stones... and... well... zZzzzzZZZZZzzzzZZZZZzzzz.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. ohhhhhh crap I have to finish the review! LOL I was getting sleepy just thinking about the hot stone massage... it was just... oh gosh I don't even have words... better than sex?! Okay that may be a stretch lol (sorry lemme keep this G rated!!!)... but um... seriously... it was pretty damn fabulous. I kept falling asleep... and Justin, bless his heart, kept asking me if it felt okay or if I liked it... homie!! I'm falling asleep... of course I'm okay and I like it! LOL... he definitely knows how to massage and it was probably the best massage (because you get a hot stone massage AND regular massage... SCORE!) that I've ever had. SAD that this place isn't in Hawaii. The ONLY gripe I'd have to say... and I HAVE to gripe because honesty is the best policy... is that I looooove my french tips and I'm kinda anal about them... his technique for the french tip needs a little work because it wasn't even and both sides didn't match... I mean it wasn't completely off or anything but enough that it kinda bothered me BUT since the hot stone massage and regular massage was SO SO SO good it outweighted the french tips.... so I didn't say anything...... Okay wait, ONE MORE GRIPE... one of my toes chipped by the end of my vacation (I was in Vegas for 5 days!) and by the time I got home... most of it chipped off as well... :( so my pedi didn't last me a full week without chipping. IF I had the chance to go back... I'd get the hot stone pedi again, BUT, instead of french I'd just get one color if I have Justin... you were still great with the massage though!!!Other staff are friendly, and the facility is super clean with ample parking.
5	My mother and I went to get manicures for a friend's wedding. I had a lovely french tip manicure by Trudi (sp?) . I don't think I spelled her name correctly. She was very friendly and gave us bottled water to sip on. My french tip was the perfect thickness and completely even. She followed my requests to trimming my nails super short, which many manicurist tend to balk at my request. I was very pleased with my french tip manicure and would recommend this place to others. I would definitely return again to do my nails the next time I'm in Vegas. Side note: My mother's manicurist did spend a lot of time on my mother's gel extensions, which made up for the initial painful removal of her previous acrylic nails.
5	I just moved to Vegas a few months ago and have been looking for a great nail salon. Well....I found it! Their salon is very clean, decorated nice, tvs, relaxing music, and the staff were so welcoming. Even the bathrooms had nice smelling candles, and extra feminine products-just in case. When I first came in for a gel manicure, the receptionist greeted me and answered all questions I had. I only had to wait about 10 minutes on a walk in which wasn't bad for the time I went in. While waiting she handed me about 6 color sample rings which was about 50 different gel colors! I couldn't believe their selection of colors! I picked the Rockstar #4 diamonds. The receptionist sat me at the nail station seat and offered me water. Tina did my gel nails and was so friendly and funny! She made my time fun and was very good at doing my nails. Cut cuticles, cleaned, filed, gel, and hand massage. I even asked if they did gel on toes and she was happy to do them right then too!  I was really impressed when the nail pro next to my station welcomed me when I told Tina it was my first time there. At other places, they usually are very quiet or talking with coworkers. Staff here are very nice and speak good English.Overall, this place is great! I would recommend it to anyone! Can't wait for my friends/mom to visit so we can have a girls day! Get your nails done here and ask for Tina!!!!
5	This place is awesome. they really take they're time and they're very clean. The lady I saw was Mai she was very attentive and made sure she wasn't too rough. Every time she was finished with something she made sure that it was ok with me and the suggestions she made for my colors were right on point. The system they have is really good too after ur 5th visit u get 15% off ur services which is great cuz all us girls need discounts for our nails n feet :). I am definitely making this the only nail spot I go to in Vegas. Oh n if u wanna indulge ur feet I suggested the ice cream sundae pedicure
5	This place was Heaven compared to the CT Nails debacle I had to endure the day before.  The lady who helped me (I believe her name was Kim) was so sweet and kind.  She was very gentle and did a wonderful job on my nails.  I first wanted to try powder gel and get acrylic nails but she advised me against it.  She said my nails were so healthy and nice, that getting acrylic would only ruin my nails and make them unhealthy. She also said that I'd have to come back every 2 weeks to get fillings for acrylics. She told me that other places would just do it to make the extra money, but she wouldn't do it for me, even though she'd be making more money off of it.  I honestly really respected her candid response and took her advice to heart.  So I settled for regular gel manicure for $35 and was very pleased with the results.Instead of soaking my fingers, she wrapped my entire hand in a hot towel to soften the skin.  I really felt the difference when she was removing my cuticles. She also was extremely diligent and proficient when applying the gel color.  She found a bump where a glitter was sticking up, and instead of saying it was fine/normal, she went and buffed it out and re-did it on her own, without me having to ask, so it was perfect.  She also commiserated with me when I told her about my awful experience at CT Nails.  She said an express pedicure should NEVER take more than 30 minutes - more like 25 and the fact that I spent 90 with just a pedicure done was unacceptable. It felt good to complain to someone and have a sympathetic listening ear LOL. Needless to say, I was very pleased by her sweet demeanor and great work ethic. She recommended that I come back next time for their deluxe pedicures, which include ice cream, chocolate, and champagne pedicures.  I am definitely going to come back here next time I'm in Vegas.  This place is awesome!!
5	Wonderful nail salon. My only complaint was how expensive they are. But compared to V nails and all my other regular spots, this is the best of the best.
5	Finally, a good nail salon in Vegas! I wish I stumbled upon this place sooner!! I treated myself to hot stone pedicure and it was AWESOME! The massage lasted so long, they used all sorts of awesome treatments, and my nails came out really pretty. The stones were really toasty too, which was so nice!! (I hate luke warm stone massages.)The salon is really friendly, reasonably priced, and super super clean! They also have some sort of rewards program where if you come 5 times, the next services is 50% off :-) I live on the opposite side of town, but from now on I'll definitely be driving over to Diamond Nails!!
5	Every time I roll through Vegas, I always stop by Diamond Nails for a mani/pedi.  I've been coming to this salon ever since my bestie and I found it in a random search for a last minute pedi.  The staff has always been warm and welcoming, and they are a big part of why we keep coming back.  The spa pedicure is the best! They take their time massaging your feet and your feet are left tingly and beautiful!  And finally, I tried their gel mani for the first time today and I am excitingly impressed! My bestie has been raving about their gel manis forever and I am not disappointed!  This is the best secret salon south of the strip!
5	This is by far the best nail salon I have been to in Vegas. After repeated bad experiences of getting cut literally on EVERY FINGER, nails filed down to the skin, pain shooting up my arms, bubbles and roughness on the acrylic etc, I didn't even want to try acrylic nails ever again. I decided to give it one more shot though, and went to Diamond Nails. The experience you get there is what it should be at a nail salon. Everyone in there takes pride in what they do. They all are hard workers and very friendly. They make you feel welcome and are very pleasant. Thuy is the one who does my nails and she is such a sweetheart. She does a wonderful thorough job, and she is very gentle which I appreciate. I love this place and I highly recommend it. I've been sending everyone who compliments my nails there. You guys are wonderful. Keep doing what you do. Thank you for always making my experience a great one. :)
5	awesome as usual...:)
5	The epitome of customer service!  They are so friendly and accommodating... questions and services are offered and explained before any questions can be asked!  A lot of businesses can learn a lot from how they deal with people.. I haven't had an experience like I've had at diamond nail on a long time.  [and it's not too much either!  some people are just fake about it... but they are truly genuine and cool about it!]The color selection is crazy... I've never seen so much gel nail polish options.  I'm usually very overwhelmed w/ options... which in this case is a GREAT thing. I come in to this place so often it's like i'm walking into cheers.  I'm always greeted with friendly "hellos and welcome backs.. how are you's, we haven't seen you in so longs..."  It's great.. The rewards program is awesome and tiffany is the perfect and most friendly host.  always checking if everything's ok and if there's anything we need.  She's always on point with points and when you get your receipt.. It's broken down perfectly!ALL of the nail techs are excellent... they take their time and do the job well.  This is my local nail spot... They always take care of me!
5	I wish I could give more stars. I love Diamond Nails. It is a good 15 minutes away from my house and worth every second of the drive. My manicures never chip or peel. They are so gentle on your nail beds and tough on my cuticles. Plus, I find that my nails last twice as long as if I went to another salon. The pedicures rock my world. None of that BS 2 minute massage. They are legit. I'll never go anywhere else.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (21 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!I am so happy that I found this place and it is right in my neighborhood.  My girlfriends and I frequent this shop bi-weekly to get both pedicures and gel manicures.  We love that all the women in here are friendly, accomodating, and are good and detailed at what they do.  They clean your nails up real good, cut them down to size, massage your hands and feet real good, give you a bottle of water to hydrate, and have a wide variety of nail colors, especially gel colors to choose from.  They even have a menu of different pedicures you can get from express to even something involving food in it.  They offer wax services of course and even glitter body art for all you bikini wearers in the summer; definitely a treat!What I like too is that they have a rewards program. 15% off after your 5th visit.  Sweet!  If you frequent the nail salon, I highly recommend this place.  Just make sure to make an appointment, this place is hot!
5	As a recent transplant from The SF Bay Area, I was in DIRE need of a mani/pedi, but didn't know where to go.  Decided to YELP a nail spot, which led me to Daimond Nails.Staff:The staff is very friendly, and you will notice that they are busy - both with walk-ins and appointments.  You will also observe that there are enough employees to cater to the high volume of customers.  Wait time wasn't long, which was a plus. Sanitary:I am OCD when it comes to cleanliness, so I especially appreciated that the receptionist cleaned and disinfected the pedicure spa station basins in between appointments.  Service:I went mid-level (price ranges from $25 - $80+) by opting for the $45 "Hot Stone Massage" pedicure package which also includes a hand/forearm massage. Sam (a man) was my mani/pedicurist and masseuse.  Selection:They have a good selection of GELISH/SHELLAC/OPI in addition to regular nail polish.$$$:Total cost of Gelish Mani and Hot Stone Massage Pedi was $100 ($82 + $18 tip).  I was there for a total of 2 hours.Summary:All in all, yes, I plan to return :) Especially convenient if you're on the SW side of LV.
4	Very easy going atmosphere everyone was very friendly at the salon. They are currently expanding to include waxing and lashes. The actual pedicure was fabulous!! I had the 2nd level for $35 and it was worth every penny.
5	I was beyond impressed with this nail salon!  I previously frequented a different salon for my mani/pedi's and finally became fed up with their poor service.  This led me to Diamond Nails which had such great reviews (and fellow Yelpers never lie!)My boyfriend and I decided to get Deluxe Pedicures... it was about 45 minutes of pure bliss.  We did have to wait about 10 minutes for 2 chairs next to each other, but it was no big deal at all since I spent most of that time picking out my polish.  The actual pedicure was so amazing.  It was filled with soaking, a delicious smelling exfoliant, a mint mask and mint lotion (with 3 massages in between it all)!  My toenails came out perfect and I was very happy.  The service is excellent here and the lady who worked on my feet was very nice.  Everyone here speaks English very well (not that it matters to me... I'm part Vietnamese so I'm used to the accent anyway).  The pedicure was worth every cent and I for see many future visits here to try out their different services!
5	I looked up this place on Yelp before my trip to Vegas to visit a friend. The reviews were great so I thought I would give it a chance...I really wish I could take this place back to San Diego with me, I would be a regular. The services I received were a manicure with the OPI Shellac polish, Deluxe Pedicure and an eyebrow wax. My nails are cut perfectly short like I like them and nicely shaped. I've had a few shellac manicures and this one is set a lot better. The Pedicure was heavenly, my feet were tingling for an hour after from all the wonderful mask and treatments. My eyebrows are pretty! The salon is very clean, and they don't skimp on the lotions and use all good stuff. This is the best nail salon I have been too, friendly staff, great customer service. On my next trip out to Vegas I plan on going here again.
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers for the GREAT recommendation!! My eleven year old daughter and I went in for a treat today, and a treat is exactly what we got!! Yes, we had to wait about 15 minutes because we didn't have an appointment, but it was WELL worth the wait!  We both had the deluxe pedicure and it was probably the best pedicure I have ever had!  Mai was so meticulous and did a wonderful job of pampering my tired feet and helping me relax!  Even the woman who did my daughters pedi was super sweet and treated her as if she was a regular customer, not a child.  We felt so pampered and loved that our feet tingled for the next few hours after our pedis!  Next time we will definitely make an appointment, and we will absolutely be back!!
5	I searched on Yelp for nail salons in Vegas and found this one with high ratings and good reviews.  I've been to several salons in the area--they were satisfactory.  Diamond Nails offers a variety of pedicure treatments.  Sure, it might cost you more than the average salon around the corner from home, but "you get what you pay for".  To me, it was worth it.  Figured I would play it safe and make an appointment on a Saturday afternoon, and sure enough it was packed when I arrived.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  The wait time was less than 5 minutes even after arriving a half-hour early.First visit, I chose the "Hot Stone" treatment.  You are offered a bottle of drinking water to hydrate just before they work on you.  Next thing I noticed, for each customer, they used sterilized tools enclosed in a sealed package.  Kory, a male pedicurist, took his time during preparation and was friendly enough to have a conversation with during the treatment.  Some pedicurist can't wait to work on your feet (you're lucky if you even get a leg massage), then to not say one word but, ready to collect.The entire experience was relaxing, soothing, and satisfying.  I think Kory does a wonderful job as a pedicurist, and alongside him, Stacey and James too, both of whom have treated two close customers I know with satisfying results.  When Kory was through, he told me to sit back and relax while my toes were drying.  He was in no rush to have me pay for the services--only when I was ready to get up and go.I'm definitely returning to Diamond Nails (hopefully, soon!) and try their next level of spa pedicure treatment!  Happy Feet!!
3	I was visiting LV and noticed my nails needed some love. I yelped and this is one of the salons that had lots of good reviews. If you are going here and searching for it, I think the sign closest to the street says "Nails" instead of "Diamond Nails." It can easily throw you off if you are looking for the sign to specifically say "Diamond Nails." Its next to a Korean restraunt. I like trying new places so I did a walk in on a Friday afternoon. There were about a handful of customers and luckily Mai was not with anyone. She is really nice. I asked for her based on previous reviews. I'm glad I did bc she makes good conversation so it's not awkward. I opted for the express pedicure and gel manicure. For the manicure they assigned me Stacy. The Manager contacted me recently and said her name was Natalie. Umm..yeah either way I would play it safe and ask for Mai. At first everything was going well. BUT as Stacey/Natalie was cutting my cuticles I noticed how fast and hard she was doing it. Almost like she was in a hurry? I didn't say anything though...that is until she CUT me (yes there is a picture that I posted showing this). I was so pissed! She stared at my injury not really knowing what to do until the guy next to her who was doing someone else's pedicure handed her a bottle of antiseptic and apologized. Naturally this ruined my entire experience. The Manager came by and asked me what happened, I showed him my bleeding cut and he apologized. I could not trust Stacey/Natalie to work on my other hand so I immediately asked for someone else. Mai offered to finish up my manicure for me which I was relieved about since she was gentle doing my pedicure and did a good job. I really should have asked that Mai do both pedi and mani from the get go. Unfortunately I didn't and ended up with an injured bloody finger. I asked if Stacey/Natalie was new? And I was told she was not. I would not have been as pissed if she had shown more concern. I felt like she was rushing the manicure process hence the speed at which she was cutting my cuticles.  Ok enough bitchin about that incident. Overall Mai did a good job with both my Pedi and gel manicure. The cost for both was $60. The express pedicure alone is $25 and the gel manicure is $35. Oh you can also view their services and prices via their website.
5	I usually do my own manicures and I don't go to nail salons as much as I use to because there's always a problem I run into. I came in after seeing great reviews about this place. My nails always chip every week and I'm tired of having to repaint my nails twice a week. I originally came in to put acrylic nails on which I was sort of dreading because in past nail salons I've been to, they always heat up my nail with the electric tool they use.I told the manicurist my reason for coming in and she suggested I do gel manicure. I've never heard of it before but what they do is they give you a manicure and place a nail growth, base, polish, and the gel on top which is healthier than getting acrylics. This benefits me because my nail polish will last for 2 weeks, and my nails won't break because the gel is hard and makes it stronger. That way I can grow out my nails as long as I would like without having to worry about breakage. It costs 35$ but I think it was definitely worth it.My manicurist is Thuy. She's great! This place also sterilize their instruments :)
5	My first visit to Las Vegas and on the way back from a day trip to the Hoover dam, decided I needed to have my nails done before dinner at Encore. Checked Yelp. These folks had excellent reviews and I went for it. Please, Yelp, don't let me down, I begged. Wow! Excellent quality work, super staff. Very clean. This place was packed. Took the advice of an earlier poster and made an appointment. Was in the chair in less than 10 mins. Was very expensive but was 100% worth it. Thanks!
4	My experience started out bad, but then turned out to be great!  Let me start by saying that I received a gel mani and regular pedicure and they turned out great.  They have LOTS of gel colors to choose from, and I found exactly what I was looking for.  Now, for the bad.  I made an appointment for me and my friend for 12pm, and the receptionist asked if we could do later in the day because they were busy.  I said we could do 12:30pm at the latest, but the receptionist said nevermind, she would be able to get us in at 12pm.  We got seated for our pedicures around 12:05pm, which I was actually impressed with because they were very busy.  However, nobody came over to start working on my toes until 12:35pm.  Nobody started working on my friend until 12:45pm.  I asked the manager if it was normal for an appointment to start 45 minutes late, and he explained that they were just really busy.  About 10 minutes later two women came over and started giving us our manicures while our pedicures were finishing up... which I greatly appreciated.  The lady doing my toes, Denise, started talking to me and said "what's the big deal about your appointment starting late? You're getting your toes done now so oh well right?"  I was furious, to say the least.  I just blew it off and ignored her because the woman doing my nails, Ming, was AWESOME! Very friendly and personable.  Ultimately, after paying our bill, the manager met us outside and gave my friend and I a free lotion because of the wait.  I understand that things happen and mistakes are made, and I applaud the manager for doing everything he could to make it right. Because of this, I will be going back.
3	Love coming here the guy who did my nails was really nice to my daughter which is something that i love I hate going place and feeling out casted because I have a child with meBut the pedi could have been better if I have to pay more for a pedi that comes with a massage And the few other things I even get it done for then it better be done right and the massage better be more than. A lotion rub down... So for that I think it was over priced for what I got but I'll go back because it's close to home and the service wasn't completely terrible
5	Best pedicure ever!!! Found these guys on yelp and came here bc of all the great reviews. I'm still sitting in the nail salon (drying, lol) and I just had to write a review about this place. I called ahead to see if they were busy and they said they were, but to come right away and they would fit me in. I was afraid I would get a crappy quick pedicure bc they were busy, yet they took their time. I won't go to another nail place in Vegas again :) yay diamond nails!!
4	You know it's a legit salon when a guy gets a mani+pedi & be completely comfotable lolTried this place out because of all the good reviews. I tried out the deluxe pedicure and it was heaven for my feet! and then at the very end the lady rubbed on something that cooled my feet and had a minty aroma. I'll definitely be back here when I get bored of my current nail color.
5	I found this salon on Yelp and went for the first time on my birthday..I got the deluxe jelly pedicure..most amazing thing to feel on your feet! This was my birthday treat and they were so awesome! I bet I was there for about an hour and a half and did not have to wait at all to be seen. They may be a little more pricey than their competitors with the special price banners all over the place..BUT it is well worth it! They even gave me a BIRTHDAY PRESENT when I left. As long as I live in Vegas...I will NOT go to another nail salon again! When you find a small business offering stellar service...support them :)
5	This is the place to go if you want a gel manicure or a pedicure that lasts and lasts. The whole staff is very friendly and they take their time.... The wait can be a little long if you walk in, but the wait is worth it!
5	Went a week ago for a hot stone massage pedicure. The paint and design still looks great, despite a week in flip-flops! The staff was friendly and professional, I'll definitely come back during future trips to Vegas, even if it is a little pricey.
5	I found this place because I was very unhappy with the previous nail salon I was going too. I checked Yelp and saw this place had excellent reviews. I've yet to find a salon in Vegas that is awesome so I figured I'd try them out. I live in Henderson so I definitely don't mind driving a bit for an excellent nail salon. Well let me tell you, the experience was great from beginning to end. When I called to make an appointment the lady was very friendly and nice. That was definitely a good sign. I arrived for appointment and everyone greeted me in a friendly manner. There was a great vibe and the salon is super clean and relaxed. I got the deluxe pedicure from Wendy, she has great attention to detail and did a great job on my French tip. They were evenly done and feel oh so smooth. While I was getting my pedicure done, James helped me by soaking my gel nails off in tin foil. He filed my nails while I was still getting my toes done, I definitely felt pampered lol. After I was done he finished my gel manicure. His technique was so good I was definitely impressed. He paid excellent attention to detail. He made sure there was no mistakes. They turned out excellent! Best gel manicure I've ever received! Fellow yelpers never lie!! I will definitely be back again! I can't wait to try some of their other pedicures. Another great perk is their discounts they give. They keep track of how many times you go there and on the 5th visit you get 15% off. There is also a points system that also gives rewards. It's super cool! Try this place out for sure!
5	Thank god for Yelp! I was in Las Vegas and desperately needed a mani and pedi. I have been the spas in the hotel for mani/pedi and even though you pay an arm and a leg, I have never been wow'd by their manicures or pedicures. They are not awful but just not worth the money you pay for them.So I decided to check out Yelp and the reviews for Diamond Nails & Spa looked good so I thought I would try them out. I was disappointed at all and totally worth the cab ride out there from my hotel on the strip. They talked me into getting the gel manicure and I am so glad they did. It looked fabulous and FINALLY a manicure that doesn't chip as soon as you sneeze the wrong way... I am a total believer in the gel manicure now and wish this place was in my home town so I could be a regular.If in Vegas, this is the place to go for mani/pedi. Call ahead though-it does get busy but it seems they always find a way to squeeze you in.
5	Not your average neighborhood nail spa.  The hot stone pedicure is hands down the best pedi I've ever experienced!  Two hot stones are used to massage your tired calf muscles and feet.They even asked me if I would like a cold water and brought out a refreshing bottle of water.  The nail dryers are not standard issue; they are UV lighted with fans.  My nails are dry in 2-3 minutes flat.
5	Fantastic Eyelashes and Facials by Nicole! First off I started with a facial.  Nicole did a facial that was wonderful and then she also applied a pumpkin mask. My face was glowing and radiant when I left the salon. Being a 50+ aged woman, this really made my skin and neck smooth.  I also had the individual eyelashes done on my eyes and I love them! They look so natural and are long and thick. I do not need mascara with these and this was important to me. I highly recommend seeing Nicole for the individual eyelashes, the facials and urge you to get the pumpkin mask as well.The salon is very clean, sanitary and a very pleasant place to have a spa day (as I call it). Check out Diamond Nails/Lash Lounge and see Nicole!
5	I'm sad to rate this place...because the more 5 stars they get the more people will come...but here goesI am from California and have HIGH nail standards...and I am happy to say this place lives up to it. The pedicure menu alone is enough to keep a girl happy.  But then you see all the gel nail and colors they have to offer and  you are hooked. I strongly suggest an appointment or you will walk in a be sad when they turn you away. They are  always busy, but still super clean.In addition they have a WAX LADY!! THAT IS GREAT!! I have found my one stop shop and will be here every other week.
5	I have found my new nail salon! I literally just left the salon but feel compelled to write a review because I can't stop looking at my gel mani! They're so effing cute! I take partial credit for picking the cutest color known to man, OPI #88. However, Jenny's attention to detail, and precision make this the best salon I've been to in Las Vegas. $35 for a gel mani is pretty standard from what I've heard. Everyone was super friendly, the tools were all sterilized and their selection of gel colors is unparalleled.Thank you, Diamond Nails!
5	I had indivdual eyelashes done on my eyes and am so happy with the resuts! Nicole did an excellent job and I can't say enough about what a great job she did. I wore mascara occassionally in the past but I have not had to wear any with these lashes. There is no reason to, for me at least.  They look very natural and I have had compliments from friends and total strangers while I am out and about. I have gone swimming and they look just as good coming out of the pool as going in.Nicole also did a wonderful facial on me that made my skin so radiant. She recommended a pumpkin mask treatment, which I gladly did, and I was truly happy with the results. I left the salon feeling like a whole new woman.I highly recommend Nicole for the eyelashes and facials. She did an amazing job!
5	I took a chance as the review were all really good.  I had gone to this salon when it first opened by the previous owners.  I loved it then and now I am back to being a fan.  I had tried a couple of other placed in the meantime but thought I would check out and see how it is now.  I was looking for somewhere new to get my eyebrows done.  I generally don't like to have them done at a nail salon but saw they now have an esthetician available.  I called made an appointment and when I walked in Nicole was ready and waiting. She took the time to ask me what I wanted to have done as well as what I did not want to have done.  She was great!!!!  She really listened and did a fabulous job.  It was worth the 3 - 4 month wait I had given myself to grow my brows back out to fix what the last place I went to did.Thanks Nicole!  Looking forward to coming back in a few weeks for a touch up and hopefully a facial!!!  I will also be booking some "me" time for a much needed pedi and mani!!!!
5	I love this nail salon. They are super clean. Not your average nail shop. They really  pay attention to customer service and they are all so super nice. I had James do my pink and whites and he did a fab job!! I will definetly come back. You always get what you pay for so they might cost a little more than other places, but well worth it!!!
5	This has to be the best pedicure I've ever had! The ladies are very nice and run a smooth operation. I had to wait a little while because they operate by appointments and I like the fact that I had to wait because this means they value their clientelle and they value time. For me time is money and every minute I waste is throwing away money. They have chocolate and champagne service as well. Had a great time here laughing with the ladies and knowing the the husbands that were there also think that real men take care of their feet!
5	Let me start by saying I can see why this place has 5 stars!This is by far the best nail salon I have ever been to.Ive now been here twice I'm going to review it from both experiences. I went here based off of all the great reviews i kept reading off of yelp most of the reviews said to make an appointment because the shops usually busy, so I made an appointment and boy am I glad I did it was packed! When I walked in I was surprised at how organized and clean the place is its not just some hole in the wall nail shop this is an actual salon. I was greeted by the very friendly receptionist who had my appointment in the computer and I was immediately sat. My nail stylist was Kandy she 1st did my pedicure which I believe I got the deluxe it was $35 dollars the massage and pedi was great the polish was ok I prefer my french to be thick but that wasn't her fault by the time i looked down it was to late to tell her. Ok now for the best part my nails I got a full set done brand new she did a FANTASTIC job! I showed her a pic from yelp it was a zebra design and she did black white and silver she did them exactly how I wanted them, she was also very friendly and took her time even though the shop was past closing.I couldn't stop looking at my nails by far the best nails Ive ever had! The whole bill came to $95 including tip that's the most Ive spent on nails but it was well worth it i believe you get what you pay for and id rather pay more and have gorgeous good quality nails. My second experience was just as good as the 1st I don't remember the women's name who did them this time but she was just as good as Kandy.This time I got french with sparkles on top I had her cut them shorter and do them very square I heart square nails she did them exactly how I wanted I have no complaints and she was just as friendly as the rest of the staff. After 6 yrs in Vegas trying to find a decent shop Ive found my dream shop and i will only be coming here from now on!
5	What can I say yet another great experience here, Kandi did an amazing job again on my nails i will only go to her shes that good! I didn't know what kinda design I wanted and she made one up for me and its by far my favorite nail design I've ever had. If i could give this place more then 5 stars I would.
5	Best gel manicure (in Rockstar Titanium) by Jessica figured I'm in Vegas! Nancy is a great brow shaper too! Friendly staff! I'm totally loving the glittery look tonight!
5	I decided to give Diamond Nails & Spa a try since it had a lot of great reviews and I am so glad I did!  James did both my gel extension manicure and deluxe gel pedicure. Yes, it can be a bit pricey but at this place you get what you pay for.  James made sure I was pleased with my nails, he took his time to make sure they were perfect.  I will definitely be returning!
5	My friend and I went in and we both got the Chocolate and Champagne pedicure and a manicure. First things first, everyone treated us with respect from the get go. Also, as crazy as it may sound, everyone spoke english to us and in front of us. The staff is utterly amazing. We had such a great time joking around with them. Outside of that, the pedicure was awesome. The hot stone message really makes it one of a kind. We ended up doing gel on both our pedicure and manicure, which came out wonderfully.  This is probably the first time I have ever been in awe of the way my pedicure came out. I absolutely loved it! They didn't try to rush us, they listened to how we wanted our nails to look and because of that I'd have to say this has been my best experience in nail salon in vegas. Though it spent a bit more than I normally have in the past, it was completely worth it. I will surely be back! I would suggest to make an appointment though, every pedicure and manicure station was full almost the entire time we were there.
5	Went here for the first time and I gotta say...BEST service I've ever had in Vegas. Definitely my favorite by far, I am definitely a permanent satisfied customer. Very nice people, and very thorough with their work. Worth every penny. They make sure your happy with every thing. :) ***** (I'd give them 10 stars if that was an option)
4	I really like this place, and the staff is pretty friendly. They have a nice selection of gel nail color options which is really nice since I usually get gel manicures because I'm a cocktail waitress and a regular manicure will only last me a few days. Their gel manicure is a bit pricey but like I said they have great color options and all the gel I've gotten here has lasted me at least 2 weeks, some longer depending on the name brand. The pedicures they offer are great as well. My manicurist was friendly and careful not to nick me or cut me up with the nail clippers (I hate when salons do that!). Service took a while because they were busy but I also didn't make an appointment; if I had I might have been more annoyed about how long everything took. Overall good, friendly service. Prices are a tad high but so far the best manicure I've gotten in Vegas.
5	I AM STILL AMAZED BY GEL MANICURES!! This stuff just doesn't come off!! As you can probably tell, I am a total noob when it comes to gel manicures, but I am SO glad that I went with that option! My nails turned out beautifully! I feel that the nail technicians here really do a good job. She didn't cut my skin and was able to file my nails to the exact length and shape that I wanted. While I had to wait for about 15 minutes before I was treated, I did not think it was a big deal at all especially since I had no made an appointment. All in all, my tab was $35.
4	Great service... they were quick but fantastic. Lots of Gel colors... not so much regular nail color choices. But the price was good and they were very clean and friendly.
5	My first time getting my eyebrows waxed and getting a pedicure. Amazing experience. Being male, getting this type of work done is so foreign to me but they made me feel extremely comfortable and I am very satisfied with the work they did.
5	Nicole is fantastic, patient and personable. The product they use is light and flexible. Refills are not one price, they are tailored to how much refilling you need...I think that's pretty considerate.Can't wait to go back!
3	Ehhh was just okay. I went here because I was in Vegas for work and needed a mani/pedi before a wedding the coming weekend. Read good things so I thought why not, right!??Had a deluxe pedi and shellac mani. The scrub and massage with the pedi was great. Good selection of colors, especially the gel options. My paint just didn't last on either. My toes were chipped by Friday (and I did this on a Thursday night) and my shellac manicure was cracked and peeling by Saturday. I was not wearing crazy shoes where my toes were getting stubbed or my nails were hitting things, and I hadn't been swimming or soaked my hands in water. I usually get 2 weeks out of a gel manicure easily and 2-3 (atleast!) out of a pedi. Just disappointed!
5	Very good experience. Went here because of the reviews on yelp and was not disappointed! Very friendly, great service and my nails look amazing! I am picky and she was really understanding and gave me exactly what i wanted! Did a full acrylic set with french manicure and i treated my two friends to a deluxe pedicure with 15 minute reflexology. Not sure the reflexology was worth it, but everything else was. Will definitely go again!
5	I just went to Las Vegas recently and this place is awesome. They are soooo nice and sweet I wish I could move them to sacramento. the place is super cutely decorated and really clean. They are a tad pricy I paid 35 for a gel manicure and i think 30 for a pedicure...but they did an amazing job my pedicure still hasnt chipped and I have had it on almost a month...if you are looking for a place that does a great job and is clean then come here. Honestly I feel like everything in Vegas is expensive so really its worth it to come here you will get your moneys worth.
5	The next time I head to Vegas my first stop will be right here!  It's clean, the staff is friendly and boy do they know what they're doing! My gel manicure stayed beautiful for a month.  The best service came from Nicole. She is a miracle worker when it comes to lash extensions!  My lashes are still looking lush and long even after a month :)
5	experienced, and talented work, clean shop, sterilized tools and employees are friendly.  they keep up with the latest styles and products, they are proud to tell you the names of the products they use.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  i always leave happy and I am extremely pickey.  You should give them a try, you won't be sorry.  trust me.  they also do waxing, and eye lashes.  treat yourselt you deserve it.
5	I was visiting from San Diego and found diamond nails on yelp.  The reviews were all so positive so I decided to try it out.  I called for an appointment and the woman who answered the phone was super friendly.  Unfortunately I got lost trying to find the salon but when I finally did find it (30 min later than my original appointment) they quickly accommodated me and started my pedicure.  I chose the ice cream Sunday pedicure ($60) which boasts, "an ice cream pop fizz bath bomb that's in the water, tickling your toes and releasing minerals to revitalize your feet as the room fills with the aroma flavor you choose ( I chose pumpkin pie... Wonderful!!!!!).  After a sugar scrub exfoliation, a creamy marshmallow mud mask and body icing will make you feel like you've stepped into a giant fruit pie, your toes glazes in a color of your choice look as good as new.  The lowest calorie dessert you'll ever have but be careful: You'll want to go back for seconds." The pedicure was exactly what I needed and exceeded expectations I had about the service.  If only there were a Diamond Nail Salon in San Diego!!! I will say that anytime I'm in Las Vegas I will be sure to visit Diamond Nail Salon because for the price and the service, it beats any service offered by the exorbitant spas offered by the hotels on the strip.
4	This is a place I can't stay away from for some reason. Nail places are at every corner & blocks near everyone's house. However like I said, I choose this place over the closest or cheapest one near me. It pricier compared to the usual, but my nails always last so long afterwards. They offer you water/soda & always try to converse. Theres a new spa added to the company next door too. It gets pretty busy so sometimes you may need an appointment. Everything's nice here & you'll get what you pay for!
5	I had a nail catastrophe. I was so mad at how my acrylics looked from another salon, and so tired of going to get them fixed up only to have the nail techs go over the lifted bits with acrylic (and have it lift again within an hour.) I tried to pry them off and ended up with horrific thin nails and was close to crying. So I yelped for a new salon and saw Diamond. They got me an appointment within an hour.Christy did my nails. She was *so* friendly, and didn't even lecture me about the damage I did to my nails trying to pry off the acrylics. Her nails were so adorable (she had Gel polish on) that I had to have the same. She convinced me by telling me that my nails were too pretty to cover with acrylic. Stop it, Christy! Go on! Haha. She put hot towels on my poor hands and moisturized them, and then applied 3 coats of gel polish to make up for how thin and bendy they are. Then she made me promise not to take matters into my own hands, nor to get nail damaging acrylics again. They signed me up, as a new customer, to get 15% off my 6th visit, which is awesome!35.00 is a lot of money to get a manicure, I think, but I also feel that it's worth it for me to splurge every few weeks and let myself feel like royalty for an hour. The gel polish will not chip or peel, from what I understand, which is very important since I work in a restaurant and that's very hard on polish. I can't wait to try an ice cream pedicure.I left feeling like a princess and can't wait for my next visit. Thanks for turning a nail catastrophe into a happy ending!Edit: It's been 1 week and the gel polish has peeled on the ends of half of my nails, with no fidgeting, just from working (I've been trying to be extra careful with them, too.) kind of sad that I thought they would last longer after spending 3x what a normal manicure costs :(. However, after editing this review, I got a call 1 hour later from Diamond asking me to come in and get my nails re-done as they stand by their products and guarantee them. That's customer service! Woohoo!
5	I'm here too often...but they do such a wonderful job I would never even consider going elsewhere. They are always accommodating and friendly, bigger salons on The Strip could learn a lot about service from the folks at Diamond Nails. I've had multiple artists do my bi-weekly gel manis, all of them to an impeccable job. Quick service, clean shop, great work, and the price is right. You don't need an appointment, as they work hard to fit everyone in, and they're open pretty late (making the after-work manicure possible!). I've never seen this place not busy, but I've also never waited more than 5 minutes for service. You can tell they really care about the business and put a ton of pride into their work. Well done, Diamond Nails!
4	I wanted to get a manicure & pedicure done last minute with my gf, and got an appointment within 30 minutes. We got there at 3:30 and left by 5:30. Quan did my deluxe essential pedi [$35] & rock star full set  [$50]. Jamie did my gf's express pedi [$25] & also rock star full set. For the pedicure, the tools were sterilized & packaged. Quan did a good job fixing my tired feet. The minty mask & hot towel action was my favorite part~I switched it up from my usual gel manicure, to the acrylic stiletto style with gel. I honestly haven't pampered myself in a while, so I was already assuming it was going to be the regular manicure; cuticles cleaned, hand massage, etc. Quan did a great job with my nails & was patient with me, it took me a few minutes to pick out colors from the amazing selection of glittery gels they had. I ended up doing a dark gray and a crystal white glitter on my ring fingers by the way ;)My gf was visiting from Chicago & could not stop telling me how expensive it is in Vegas, woopsie! She also did the stiletto with opposite colors, with plain white gel & a glittery black on the ring fingers. I noticed on her nails [probably because it was white?] that on a few of her nails, the gel wasn't completely put on the side of her nails, so it didn't look as nice. My gf finished before me, so once Jamie finished my gf's nails, she bounced! My gf was trying to tip her but maybe she went home? Who knows.The staff was nice; the man who made our appointment over the phone & rang us up was friendly, printed out an extra copy of the receipts for me, made small conversation and "grandpa" offered us bottled water.
4	I went here a few weeks ago for a regular mani/pedi. I just moved to Las Vegas and have heard that everyone gets gel manicures and that regular manicures aren't great here, but I'm not a fan of gels. I was a little nervous about the quality of the regular manicures since it seems everyone has gels, but Mai was awesome! She did both my mani & deluxe pedicure and was thorough and very friendly/chatty.The polish was perfect on my toes and had a beautiful gloss to them. I was impressed with the quality of the pedicure and she did a fantastic job on my manicure as well. Filing my nails exactly how I asked her too - square w/rounded edges. It was $45 for both deluxe pedi & mani.The only negatives: The polish selection wasn't great and I knew to bring my own polish just in case. I noticed that many salons don't carry Essie or OPI, which were staples in NYC & NJ (glad I have a small collection of my fav colors). And of the polish's that they salon did offer, there weren't very many colors and the display was completely disorganized. It was hard to look at all the reds or pinks when they are all scattered on the display. :-/  The other thing is that my polish chipped or rubbed off on my big toes within 2 weeks. Thats never happened to me before, but I have been wearing shoes w/socks, so that could be it too. I would definitely go back and see Mai again.The other thing I noticed was the smell of acetone or something else from the nail salon that was slightly overpowering. They had the door open to air it out, but I could still smell it. I am 9 months pregnant and if I was earlier in my pregnancy I wouldn't go back for that reason. The decor was ok, but I don't know that that really matters...I'm from NYC/NJ area where there are nail salons on every corner and all of them are either great or awesome and the prices are actually less than Vegas, so I was hoping for good service here in Vegas, but wasn't holding my breath. Diamond Nails was great and I was pleasantly surprised. The only thing that I noticed about LV nail salons is how expensive a regular manicure is: $20+ in most salons and lacking in selection of  quality polish and colors. (NYC will run $8-15 at most for a mani with Essie & OPI in every single color) But I guess that is how it is here.
5	5 star service, new and clean equipment with superb business practices. These people know what they are doing and pay ultimate attention to detail. I usually get gel for both Mani/pedi. Flawless is the word from the moment you walk out of the salon till at east 2 weeks later. No awkward moments, bottled water, awesome massage! I'd recommend James and Christy! Soooo happy there is a reliable place to look forward to! Thanks diamond nails!
5	Christy did a fantastic job from beginning to end! I'm new to Las Vegas and was struggling finding a decent nail salon but now I don't need to look anymore! Will definitely be back again!
5	My husband and I both went in to get a pedicure. We both decided to get the hot stone pedicure and it was GREAT! My husband has some pretty intense feet. They're dry, cracked, and his nails...well I call them alligator claws, let's leave it at that! But the lady doing his feet really made them look normal again. Of course she had to get out the drimmel and file down his nails, but still! The massage was great, I could have sat there for hours! Both workers were nice and talked to us, which is different from a lot of nail salons I've been to. Definitely the place to go to get your nails done!
1	Lost my potential business because they couldn't bother to answer the phone during business hours so I could make an appointment or ask if they offered the particular service I was looking for. They also don't have an informative voicemail message to let you know their hours, if they were closed that day or even if I called the right number. If you can't even take the time to answer the phone or record a simple voicemail message than I won't waste my time hoping I can get in for a service I'm not even sure you provide.
5	I have been to Diamond Nails only a handful of times (i'm usually waaayy to busy to even get a mani/pedi in for myself) but after only the second time of going, they were always attentive enough to remember my name and call me by it whether I made an appointment or just walked in. i think its one of the smallest ways to show great customer service and always makes me feel welcome and important in their busy day - even if on a small scale.  Usually I just get your run of the mill mani/pedi and my nails always look great!! One an occasion or two, I've asked for a somewhat fancy/trendy polish job (designs that required hand painting, multi color polish on different nails) and they've accommodated my request every time with a smile.  In fact, they've made it fun (some salons act like you're in inconvenience of a lifetime).  If my assigned technician can't do what I've asked, they're honest and upfront AND always take the time and initiative to ask all the technicians if they can do it before saying no (which they've NEVER said). And everyone comes over and checks out the progress of my designs.  Talk about service with a smile... After having my nails outlined in thin hot pink polish by my awesome technician (she did an incredible job too... the lines were perfectly sized and even all the way around my tiny nails) i went to the dryers where i completely ran 3 wet fingers into the dryer itself and completely ruined all three nails.  Mortified at what I did (completely my fault), i reluctantly went back to her and with just a small giggle she told me to sit down and fixed all three with no problem at all.  (it took her 30 min to do each hand and i felt awful!) and then helped me to the dryer again.  If i were her, I probably would have thrown my hands up and ran away from me at that point -- but she did no such thing.  A++ customer service all the way. Winnie did my nails this past time -- just a regular mani, no crazy nail designs ;) and she was great.  I was last of my party of three to shit down and first one done.  She was so nice, very fast and thorough (i got a great hand massage that wasn't the slightest bit rushed annd she did 3 coats of polish) and my nails look great.  Love the shape of them, the polish is even and shiny -- she did a great job!!  The salon is clean, quiet (i hate when technicians chitter chatter across the place like they're the only ones there) everyone here is more interested in talking to you then to their coworkers and all their instruments are newly packaged.  Can't wait to be back!!
5	I used to live right across from this nail shop and stopped in quite often. The staff is friendly, and the lady that does facials is great! I no longer live in Vegas, but if I I back and need nail service this is where I would go.
5	The only place I go to in Vegas, even though I live by the strip. Lots of parking outside, and tons of aloha inside.
5	This place is beautiful and tranquil.  Nicest people you'll ever meet.
5	My boyfriend lives in the area and I wanted to get my nails done early in the morning, which is perfect because Diamond Nails is open at 9am; unlike most 10am salons.Came right in at 9am and got Christy. I came looking to try gel nails as I have brittle/thin nails.Loved the nude colors they had and Christy was a pleasure to talk to and did a great job.And even though the nail color changed within 2 weeks (prolly because of what I put on my hands (makeup, lotion, etcetc)), I wasn't too mad at it bcuz the manicure itself still looked great 2 weeks later.Christy wound up doing my french gel mani my 2nd time back at Diamond Nails. I loved them!
5	After my French tip gel mani, I was pretty much over gel nails bcuz I hated the way it looked after the grow out.Went back hoping to get Christy again but, got someone else. I wish I got her name because she was a great nail tech, as well.After telling her that I wanted to get rid of the gel, she recommended I get oval nails. I've never wanted, nor thought of getting any shape nails other than square...but, she said my nail shape went with oval....so, I went with it. And I have never loved my nails more!They look longer and I just love it =) They, also, went with the whole "stiletto nail" fad without being scary stilettos!
5	I found this salon online prior to coming to Vegas and my girlfriend and I decided to come here based on the reviews we had read. This was our first stop as soon as we arrived in Vegas. We LOVED this place. The salon was clean, staff was friendly and the services were phenomenal! Highly recommend this salon.
5	First time going here, and check in process was very short. I did not have to wait, I was directed right away. I got my nails done, and I did a fade french/gel manicure and got my eyebrows waxed. The lady who did my nails did a wonderful job! She was very patient with my decisions on my nails and she helped me decide what to do with them. I'm very indecisive so she helped me by showing me pictures and samples of nail designs. Overall, great service and I will be a returning customer!
5	Love love love this place! Came here w my BFF. Found it on yelp. Service was fantastic. Above and beyond. Not only did they do a great mani pedi for my friends but they also gave me a VIP room w blanket, an awesome bed to rest in and TV while I was waiting. The manager  even offered to feed my fruit. Ha. Love love love this place. I woulda given it 10 stars if it was possible!!!
5	Loved the friendly staff, the feast service and my nails! I will be going back again!! If you have no idea where to go I Definitely recommend this place
5	Never have I ever been to a nail salon where I have an actual conversation with the tech - beyond the normal hi, how are ya's.... this place is the complete opposite & for that I'm in LOVE!I've been frequenting Diamond Nails for about 2 months now seeing Thuy exclusively.  From the moment I walk in I am greeted by my name (prior to signing in) which shows they truly care about repeat business.  I go for the standard gel mani - $35+ and they last for the full 3 weeks.  I have only had an issue with the OPI line not staying on but they have more than enough colors & gel lines to choose from that it does not even matter! Make sure & make an appointment as this place gets packed! Another good thing is no matter how many people are waiting they will always make sure everyone is taken care of and you are not rushed.  I have never once seen anyone be turned away even when they are almost closing.  Sam & Thuy - BIG thanks for being not only wonderful people, but great business owners.
5	I enjoy getting my nails done but hadn't been able to find a nail salon that felt like 'home' so I had pretty much given up and my nails were looking neglected. I decided to take my sister out as a treat for her birthday to get our nails done. I had been to a bigger, 'fancier' establishment down the street previously and had been disappointed in the attitude I encountered so I looked to Yelp for a new place to try. Seeing the great reviews we gave it a shot. Given that this was a last minute decision to get our nails done we didn't have appointments. We went in and the receptionist (I wish I had gotten her name) was fantastic. She greeted us kindly, told us it wasn't a problem that we didn't have appointments, and quickly got us in. They were busy but still made time for us. Neither of us felt they rushed, if anything I felt they took extra time to make sure my nails were perfect and to my satisfaction. I wanted to get a pedicure as well but due to my own time constraints will have to go back soon! I highly recommend Diamond Nails. Everybody was very friendly, spoke to us by name, paid attention to what we were looking for and in the end our nails both looked fantastic. Their pricing was also very reasonable. I will definitely be back (possibly later this week for that pedi)! I highly recommend this nail salon to anybody who has had their confidence in the industry crushed. Nobody seemed 'stuck up' or 'above' everybody else and it just felt like a very inviting and friendly atmosphere.
5	My feet were in need of some serious attention. I waddled in as a walk-in (I'm 7 months pregnant) and immediately was seated and helped by Quan. AMAZING!!!! My scaly hooves were transformed into silky balls of butter! The soak, exfoliation, and massage were just what my tired tootsies needed. I chose the spunkiest, hottest pink polish I could find. I had the Deluxe pedicure, which was priced at $35. But then I was upsold $5 so he could use a new product line. It was worth it. Clean, friendly atmosphere and I wasn't pressured into idle chit chat which was awesome because then I could focus on the pampering! I highly recommend Diamond Nails and will definitely be back very soon!!!!!
5	Came for my birthday and it was very relaxing. I got the deluxe pedicure and Jessica did a really great job. Highly recommend. :)
4	Finally!! I made it to the promised land! Despite the 30 min two freeway drive from my  AFB area, I still decided quality trumped distance! I walked in at about 230-ish on a Sunday afternoon and Jenny took care of me. I got a full set of stiletto nails, a deluxe pedi, and someone else did my eyebrows! Well, I guess is should say fixed them ;).. its a long story. Any who my deluxe pedi was great! Only down fall is I kind of like my water scorching hot, but I took it warm because I didn't want to burn the nail tech! Other than that Jenny was amazing, she went and chose my polish based on what i told her I wanted. I'm still a nail newbie so I didn't know to chose my polish:).  I then got my stiletto nails! I have been wanting the pointy witch nail forever!! I am a mother of 3 with a bun baking so I couldn't have them super long! They came out everything I wanted and more. Especially being that I am not the most artistic person, but I love nail arts and sparkle. Jenny hit my simple yet very cute design right on the head! This salon is very clean and everyone is friendly! Jenny is great, she is there 7 days a week! I highly recommend her and Diamond spa!
5	OK I've found my nail salon in Vegas finally!  Diamond Nails does shellac manicures (one of the few who don't confuse shellac with gel). James did my shellac manicure and regular pedicure, and did a great job. Everyone in the salon is helpful and knowledgeable , asking if you want water, if you're comfortable, etc. I felt very comfortable as soon as I got there.  I will be back next time I need a manicure, pedicure or any of the many services they offer! Prices were pretty much average for what I had done, they took care of me right away, and I got great service by people who know what they're doing.  What more could I ask?Great find!!!
4	First impression was on the phone and the man I spoke to was very nice. I made an appointment with no problem and when I walked in & signed in, I didn't have to wait at all. They actually honor appointment times which I love because some places I've been to don't.Denise did my eyebrows and she did a good job; a little uneven but I can deal with it. It isn't that noticeable. She was very nice as well and talked to me the whole time, which I liked. Normally it's just quiet, maybe with a couple "oh you have a lot of hair" comments. (I'm Italian, give me a break.. lol)Valerie did my nails and she was also very nice. We talked about a lot of different things and I also welcomed that because sometimes it's silent with the nail technicans, too. I had a full set done and showed her a specific design I wanted on my ring fingers. The design she did doesn't look like what I wanted but I like what she did better. It isn't perfect but I wasn't going to have her re-do it or anything. Like I said, I like it better. What I like is often different than everyone else and I'm totally fine with that, so as usual, I have something that isn't the norm and I love it.A downfall, though, was their phone system went down which also meant their credit card machine did. I had cash for the tip, which I had already given Denise and Valerie but I had to go to an ATM down the street to get cash to pay for what I had done. He was apologetic for it and of course I didn't get mad or anything.. it's not like they were out to inconvenience me like that. Just sucks that it happened when I was in such a hurry to get somewhere.So all in all, I enjoyed my visit. I will be back. & I like that they have a customer loyalty program, as well. I believe it's after 5 visits, you get a discount.
5	I finally found my Vegas nail shop.  After two failed attempts at a perfect pink and white fill-in, Diamond Nails finally made me complete.  The shape was perfect and my nails look immaculate!  I even got a french pedi.  I got the step up above the express...don't remember what it was called, but my toes felt fresh and pepperminty afterwards for hours!  The entire staff is friendly, attentive, and took care of everyone! Very packed when I made my appointment to come in at 5pm on a Friday.  Great service, nonetheless!  Also, the store is much, much cleaner, larger, and updated than your typical nail shop.  Very worth the extra 15 minute drive!
5	I loved my nails after Christy did them.  I had gels done before by a different salon that completely neglected my cuticles (didn't even push them down) also the gels done by this OTHER place started peeling almost immediately.  Christy totally pampered my hands, putting them in some moisturizing mittens before even starting.  This girl is hilarious and I can see why she is so busy even on weekdays in the middle of the day.  So my short nails  look amazing in a perfect French manicure, thanks Diamond Nail, I already have my next appointment!!!
5	Been going there now for over a year and James rocks it everytime. Call and schedule if you can he books up well in advance. Love love love this place.
2	I was so excited about trying this place i have gone to like 6 salons since ive been in vegas and i thought this was the one because of all the great reviews so i had an appt on sat and went in at 9 am so i got a full set and its been two days since ive been there and they are lifting already im sooo disappointed.
5	Well i received a call from a very nice gentlemen telling me he would fix my nails since they want the customer to be happy i never had any other nail place do this i thought that was awesome so i went in and he was super nice and he fixed my nails know they look great thanks diamond nails im a happy customer
5	I loved this place! I love the atmosphere and the people! I had Jenny and she was great!  Would definitely recommend this place!
5	Very clean and everyone is super friendly!  A friend and I went here on a busy Sunday afternoon.  They offered us bottled water and/or tea and they were okay with us showing up 15 minutes late for our appointment.  We both got the French tips gel manicure, both of ours turned out great.  The quality of the gel is great and the price was reasonable ($35).  My friend got the express pedicure and also got French tips for her feet ($30).  I payed a little extra for the deluxe pedicure ($35), which was very much needed for my feet.  The deluxe pedicure included: deep exfoliation on my soles, massage of my legs and foot with a citrus scrub, they applied a mint-like mask and put hot towels on my feet, and finished it off with lotion and polish.  Overall happy with my experience, just make sure you call in advance to book an appointment!
5	After not getting my gels done in nearly a month, I, finally, had time to pop in before work. Before I even sat down, I had many ideas of nail designs running through my head. Asked John if he could do an easter/pastel colored ombre on me, showed him of what I was thinking, and he said: "that's easy!"He proceeded to show me an ombre design he did a few days prior and it was exactly what I was looking for.After no later than an hour, I got my yellow/green/blue ombre nails and I couldn't have been happier. John took his time and was very pleasant and fun to talk with.I think I've found my new favorite nail tech here. That makes 3 nail techs for me to choose from. I'm very happy about that =)
3	After reading the reviews on yelp, I was expecting 5 star service. But 3 is all i can give them. 1 star is for taking me as a walk-in after I had called to see if they were bz and they were. The 2nd star is for the water they gave as u sat for your pedicure.The 3rd star is for doing a decent job on my toes even though the girl did not do a great job.  It was passable. I subtracted 1 star for rushing through my pedicure.  The girl next to me got the cheaper pedi and they started on her before me and finished after me.  I paid the extra $10 for the hot stone pedi because i wanted the extra long massage as my feet and legs needed some TLC.  Trust me it was not worth it. Like i said the girl next to me for the cheaper pedi and got a massage that lasted longer then mine. The 2nd star was taken away for the receptionist telling the girl working on me that she had another pedi waiting and making the motion to hurry and finish me off so the girl could get started on the next person.This was not the best service nor the best pedi I have ever gotten.  I was disappointed after all the great reviews.  I will not be returning.  Too many other nail salons around to pay $45 for a passable pedi. Not worth it in my book.
5	Omg i absolutely love this place to death! I got a beautiful full set done by the amazing winnie today :) i've never had acrylics done so this was my first time and winnie did an amazing job at free-handing my flower design. all i have to say is that i'm definitely coming back here to get my nails done again and I know i won't be disappointed!
5	The staff is incredibly friendly, they apologized for the mix up, accommodated me and took care of me for having to wait. I really appreciated that. I came the day after tough mudder and Trinh was AMAZING (I didn't forget the 'h') she made sure she didn't hurt me, painted slow and precise, and has a fantastic personality.I will be back, I will be loyal. This place is definitely my "spot" in LV for nails/toes!Thank you Trinh:) (your tiger stripes are A-maze)
2	I'm not much of a reviewer, but this particular experience I've recently had with a tech at this salon was so bad that I decided to write a review. Forgive me if this rant turns into an essay.I have been to Diamond Nails a few times now. All my previous experiences were not the most impressive, but did fulfill my expectations. (I'd say 4 stars previous to this experience, so pretty good.) Pleasant customer service and pretty decent nail designs. To be fair, I have been accustomed to great nail salons in California before I came back to Vegas. I went in after a strenuous week looking to wind down with some relaxing mani-pedi. I had an appointment but ran late, and was assigned to a random tech (I think?) named Yuki. That was fine since I never had a favorite and went to different techs everytime I visited. Never was a problem before.I went in with a sample picture of a nail art I wanted to get done. It was a rather unusual nail art with reversed light pink gradation with clear tips. I knew it might be difficult to portray the same effect but the result I got was nowhere close!There were ultimately 2 things that made me extremely frustrated and upset.1. LACK OF TECHNICAL ABILITYThe gradation/fade of the color was nothing like a real "gradation". Just a two chunky and irregular separation of the clear and the pink. I tried making a few side comments to help her understand how I wanted it, but it didn't work. I was even going to just let it go assuming that this nail art is just too difficult to copy. I didn't even bother asking for the 3D-design shown on the index finger of the sample picture because I was aware of the available stock of 3D accessories. For the pinky, I asked for a gradation of the gold glitter instead of the full nail, so I can keep the look longer. I have had nail-art done many times before in various designs, but never had I had a tech apply only a SINGLE coat of a glitter claiming that multiple coats would ruin the fade effect and make it "too bulky".  Towards the end, she even had the audacity to comment on how pretty it looked. Was she joking?? I couldn't believe she said that when my discontentment was probably evident.The whole thing just looked worse than if I had done them myself. All my friends and even my mother commented on how terrible my nails look.And to think that I paid in full for this mess...What a DISASTER.To her credit, the regular/express pedicure was just okay.2. ATTITUDEWhen I discovered nasty little black dust particles very visibly sealed into my gel nails on quite a few of them, she kept pretending not to see them. This was ridiculous because I have never had this happen before in my entire 3 years of nail-art history. When I told her that I obviously wanted to get the dust particles removed, she kept arguing that the dust particles were "so small" that others wouldn't notice and it probably came from the sponge that she used to create the so-called "gradation effect". Isn't it a priority to REMOVE the problem rather than to assign an excuse for it? I also noted her half-hearted whimsical hand massage at the end of the manicure. I ended up complaining to the management (the girl and the guy usually by the cashier) because I wasn't getting anything through Yuki. All they did was to call her back and ask what had happened. NO APOLOGIES. Then, she proceeded to tell me to take a seat again with an irritated expression. She attempted to "redo" the few nails and all she did was apply an extra coat of the "gradation" which just made the color separation worse. When I tried to point out exactly what was wrong, she kept saying in an irritated tone, "What do you want me to do?" Just unbelievable. I eventually gave up and sat there quietly.All in all, I ended up getting my nails re-done during my trip to California shortly after. I don't know if she was having an off day, but there is absolutely no excuse to behave like that in a service industry such as this. Even though I expected more from the management in reparation for this issue due to the salon's stellar reviews on Yelp, Diamond Nail Salon is alright. I will probably go back, but this time I'll be sure to make an appointment with a specific tech with some good rep. I would rather leave and come back another time than go to that tech again. You all have been warned!!
5	Friendly, got me in right on time and my manicure was great. Salon was nice and clean. I highly recommend.
5	My go to nail salon in Vegas. Clean environment happy helpful staff and GREAT gel manicures. . As suggested by one of the staff I tried the Asian Ballerina Tea and that works like a charm. Sparkle on friends.
5	I am giving 5 stars because I told my technician I would. In all honesty I would probably rate my experience a 4.5 but my technician (Sam) was so great I do not mind rounding up. it was not the most mind blowing pedicure I have ever had but it wasn't unpleasant or anything. He even recommended a cream to make my feet softer. Yes I did say HE. Sam was hilarious and kept me entertained the entire time. Plus he did NOT rush my pedicure (which is a pet peeve of mine) and took his time. I did have to wait a little bit to receive my services but that was as a walk-in. The wait is definately worth it. I am glad I read the reviews and tried this place. I will definately be back whenever I am in the area.
5	Love this nail salon! They are friendly, and their work actually lasts!Try the hot stone massage.. it is amazing.
5	I love this place.  I used to be very particular about the exact person that would work on my nails, but I have been going to Diamond Nails and found that almost every nail tech here is amazing.  This place does very well, so make sure to call and make an appointment, or prepare to wait for a little bit if you visit as a walk-in.
1	I was so NOT impressed at all with my visit to Diamond nails... I went to get a fill and pedicure 2 days ago and my nails are already lifting!! The pedicure was really rushed and my feet look like i didnt even have 1 now.... Toes nails are already chipping and the bottom of my feet look they werent even touched!!! I gave them a 1 so they 4.5 rating will go down... Stars Nails on durango and windmill get 5 stars!! This place is super busy but its not quality at all... I have been getting my nails and toes done every 2 weeks since i was 16... I know quality!! Shame on Diamond nails... I used to get quick pedicures in california but they were half the price... Day 3 and my feet hurt... the bottoms are cracking.... I could of done my own pedicure better then Wendy....
4	I don't regularly get a mani-pedi but I've only had a good experience whenever I get them at Diamond Nails & Spa. The ladies that did my nails have been cute and friendly. Never used to like chatter at salons. Love getting the gel mani with the french tips. Pricey at around $40 but it lasts me for a couple of weeks. I would suggest getting a clear gel with colored or glittered tips. This is a better transition if your lazy with the upkeep, like me. For my feet, I've only tried the express pedicure which is nice for $25.
4	What I love best about Diamond Nails is their willingness to make time for me.  Their hours are very convenient and they have a large staff.  They are very nice too!  I have enjoyed having my toes done at this nail salon for the past two years.
5	This update and 5 star rating goes towards the impressive management they have at the salon. Within hours of writing the previous review on Yelp, I was quite surprised to be contacted by the owner who offered me an apology as well as a free service for my horrid nail job. It was unexpected as I had previously left the salon with dissatisfaction despite my complaint to the management. Because I had been out-of-state for a few weeks, it took me a while to go back.Still, they honored their offer and Jamie helped our nails look great.The deluxe and express pedi's my mother and I each got with different technicians were satisfactory as well.With their new renovation/extension of the salon, I assume the place will be able to handle larger clientele with more efficiency. All the more reason to go back for me now! It seems that the previous tech I've been to still works at the place, but no matter. I am now convinced of their great customer service and Jamie was awesome. This will be my go-to place in Vegas, at least for a while.And did I mention that I have to drive 30 minutes to get service at this place?
1	Let me first say I've been getting my nails done for the past 8 years therefore I know nails. I just moved from Centennial Hills to Southwest and needed to find a new nail salon, seeing all the great reviews Diamond Nails got I figured why not.I made an appt for that same day and when I arrived my appt started right on time even though the place was packed. They get 1 star for being very prompt. Cindy was my nail tech and I got a pedicure first then a full set. When I chose my color for my toes Cindy kept questioning it, I picked it, it is for my toes why does she care what color is on my toes. Pedicure was decent, I got the upgraded pedicure and it was just average nothing to rave about. When I chose my color for my nails I got the same grief from her, saying another color would look better and the color I chose was not pretty. That wasn't even a big deal for me at the time just figured she was trying to help a girl out. After my nails were done everything looked fine and I was a satisfied customer.1 day after my brand new full set my acrylics were already lifting and my pedicure had already chipped. It has been 8 days since my full set and every single one of my nails had lifted and 2 had broken. Normally I go 2-3 weeks in between nail fills, I had to go get a fill today because they looked so horrendous, that is barely a week after my full set.I have never had such badly done nails in my life. I do not know about the other nail technicians maybe they are 5 star material but I will never go back to Diamond Nails,
5	Jenny at Diamond Nails is a gem. My gel no chip manicure lasted three weeks and was worth every penny! She takes her time and never rushes and is just a really nice lady. Even though I live 30 minutes from this salon, the trip is well worth it.
5	I have been going to Diamond Nails for the past year to have my nails done.  They are very professional and courteous at every visit.  I have been very happy with the treatments on my nails.
1	I've been here about 20 times and they still treat me like its my first time there. I was seeing the same girl regularly, who always did a fantastic job and was so fun to chat with. Ever since she quit, I've had bad experience after bad experience. They don't file my nails evenly, they leave left over polish all over my fingers and give me attitude when I ask them to remove it, they cut me with the filer and grinder, and their nail polish is so thick that it doesn't even dry after two rounds under the fan. I've ran out of chances to give them. I get much better service and treatment at POLISHED, one block away.
5	OMG! I freaking love this place. It was my first time coming in & everyone was nice & accommodating. By the way I live 25 minutes away & it was sooo worth the drive!!! I received the hot stone foot massage which was out of this world. I'm 8 months pregnant & after a long day of working & standing it was so relaxing. I also got a gel manicure that was unlike any other I had before. Pretty much to sum it up the employees take the time to make you feel good & get your $$ worth. It is my new home!
5	Fantastic service! Everyone there was laughing and having a great time. Christy was my nail technician and she was great! She took her time with everything, made great conversation, and helped me make the difficult choices of nail color and pattern. I got both a pedi and mani and they were fantastic! The other nail place I used to go to messed up my my nails so many times, but this place is right on the dot, Great options at affordable prices. Only $75 for gel mani and deluxe pedi. Definitely recommend.
3	I'm really bummed about this review.  I'd read all the great reviews on Yelp, and after trying a few other nail places around town, I was really hoping this would be my new go-to for acrylics.  Valerie was SUPER sweet, the salon was crazy clean, and I was impressed with the salon overall.  I had explained to Val that it was really important to me to be careful with acrylic near the cuticles, because my nails tend to lift when they grow out.  The nail lady I had in So Cal (before moving to Vegas) was AWESOME and I never had any lifting, she explained this secret to me.When she finished, I was pretty happy with my nails...until TWO days later when one of my nails completely popped off - no pulling up, or slow peeling...just popped off.  Ugh...so I went and got my nail fixed at a salon near my house.  Then, two days after that, as I'm getting ready to go out for the night, another nail pops totally off!! Seriously?  just 4 days after my new full set...this is no bueno. :(  Now, a week after my appointment, over half my nails are lifting.  Super bummer.I think i'll go back to the salon and try a different nail tech - again, Valerie was SUPER sweet and probably does a great job with other people, but these nails need a little more TLC.I'm still giving 3 stars because everything else there was great - AND you can book appointments online.
5	I found this place on yelp at the best rated and let me tell you... I'm so glad I did! I'm a faithful follower for life. I ALWAYS go with Christy. She's an efficient perfectionist. Her gel skills are amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! I can go on and on so I'll just stop and say come to this place and you won't be disappointed.
5	Great service and employees with an awesome sense of humor. Got my friend and I right in and did great on our pedicures, also gave a good discount for first time customers. Love this place.
1	My friend took me to this salon so I thought it would be great but unfortunately I did not enjoy my time or services there.We went in and had reservations but we had to wait a little while. When we finally got seated, I thought they would start on our pedicure but again, it took them awhile to get to us. And this place wasn't even that busy..I ordered the deluxe essential pedicure & asked to remove my shellac. I liked the way they removed my shellac; it was different from all the other salons that I've been to. Each finger was wrapped in foil. However, they left it on for too long because my fingers started to burn. When I told the guy to remove it, he told me that since it's a shellac it needs to be soaked in longer. Well when they finally took off the foil, it looked like my cuticles burned off; it was terrible. My fingers were all red and sore.My pedicure wasn't great either. It was supposed to be the "deluxe" that included the massage but the massage on my legs were terrible. It was not relaxing. And he kept making me use the massage option on the chair. I would tell him that I don't need it but he kept turning it on full blast. He cut my nails way too short and when I looked at my feet, the paintjob was TERRIBLE!! Some of my toes were darker than others.And the paint chipped off in 3 days. When I get a pedicure, I can keep it nice for at least 2 weeks. But for this place, it was done in 3 days so I just took it off.This place was a rip off. I paid close to $50 to remove my polish and get my pedicure.
3	They have a lovely atmosphere, reasonable prices, and sweet workers.  However, they did use some weird base underneath my light nail polish that left them yellowish-orange.  Kind of unhappy about that.
4	The only nail shop i go to in Vegas, Christy is by far my favorite she is so sweet and nice. She  is quick and does an amazing job. Do not get turned off by this place by some of the reviews because there are 2 or 3 people there that are not that good. I had one nail tech complete destroy nails and i was turned off but i decide to give this place one more time and got Christy and never looked back. James is pretty good to i haven't had him myself but i have seen his work.
4	James is amazing!!!! The quality of his work is outstanding leading to the best gel set and pedicure I have ever had. I only gave 4 stars because I had scheduled a wedding party with two other ladies that all were split up even though I had asked for us to be together.
5	This will absolutely be my go-to nail place from now on. I've tried a lot of nail salons since moving to this side of town, and while there were a few that I enjoyed, none of the experiences were as good as the one I had today. I went in looking to find someone to do great nail art, and I found it in Christy. She's hilarious, and extremely talented at what she does. Most places will give you the bare minimum of conversation, but not here. I had a good time from the time I walked in the door until I left. Like I said, will be going here from now on, and will try to bring my friends.
5	I went to diamond nails after my original nail salon lost my favorite nail artist. This was my first time here and James was amazing. He did a complex tribal design on my nails with gel and took the time to perfect every detail. He didn't rush and did it perfect! I officially found my new nail salon and will be sure to book with James every time. He's super talented!
5	Just returned from a girls' weekend in Vegas. My daughter found this location via 'yelp' for a group of 4 to get pedicures (we had 2 adults, 1 teen, and 1 pre-teen). The location is just south of Vegas not far to get to and easy to find.The locations is clean and nice. All the staff was friendly and helpful. We were taken right back (as we made reservations to assure the 4 of us could sit side by side).The younger girls had the deluxe pedi's and my daughter and I had the stone pedicures. We were all very pleased with the ladies who worked on each of us. It took between 45 minutes to an hour. I had a bad big toe, toe nail as it is growing out from an injury and my nail tech suggested putting acrylic on it while it finished growing back. Great suggestion! I got it done!I would recommend anyone looking for a place off the busy crowd and noise of the strip to relax and get an inexpensive pedicure - this is your place!
5	Love this place! My nails had an amazing design and lasted 3 weeks :-)  will be back for sure.
5	Love this place... Made an Apt at 6pm with Jenny who was on time :)) .. Brought a pic Of how I wanted my nails done and she made it exactly to the pic.. The salon closed at 7pm.. She was done with my full set at 730 pm and stayed overtime to do a pedicure :)) thank you so much Jenny!!!
5	Saw the reviews and decided to check it out I absolutely love it the service there is great. They constantly are offering water and making sure your comfortable. The lady that did my nails was very nice and really made sure that I liked my nails. Definitely found my nails place!!
5	My nail girl moved back East in May, and I've been searching Las Vegas for a new hook-up. Needless to say, it's been frustrating. I tried another salon, after extensive Yelping, but I was very unhappy with the customer service. I jumped on Yelp again, and thought I'd give Diamond Nails a try. I booked the appointment online (full set) and got a confirmation text and e-mail almost immediately, that my request had been submitted. I then got another text, stating that the tech I'd wanted (Christy) was not available, and could I call and re-schedule? I called right away, and they were very apologetic, and scheduled the appointment for Thursday. The salon was extremely clean, and very busy. Christy was running a little late, but the receptionist (and Christy) apologized twice. She was only 10 minutes late, but I appreciated the acknowledgement. I explained what I wanted, and showed Christy some pictures. I did not want anything fancy, but I am particular about the shape and thickness of my acrylics. She was quick, efficient, and very personable.  I love my nails, and will definitely be back!
5	My girlfriend booked an appointment to get pedicures at Diamond Nails & Spa via Yelp recommendations. We were able to get pedi chairs next to each other and chat. They offered us cold drinks (water, but I heard that champagne was available too!) I had a guy do my pedicure, and overall was happy with my pedi express ($25); before leaving I noticed he left some polish residue on my big toe, so the owner took care of it and fixed it right up. My friend was also happy with her pedi. Overall, service was spot on; place was tidy; prices are reasonable; and the owner knows how to make his customers happy! I wish this place was in the SF bay area!
5	I've been here a few times, found them on yelp and decided to give it a try. I fell in love, everyone is so nice!! Salon is clean, and the techs talk to you which is so much more than I can say for other places. I've had different pedicures done, my favorite is the ice cream and my gel manicures always come out amazing. Nothing bad to say!! Will definitely continue to come back!!
5	I got a pedicure & gel manicure. Both were done flawlessly. Went with a gf & she loved here too! She's now a regular! (I live out of state ];)
5	Great mani (gel), pedi, Amy "got in there".  I wear steel toed boots at work, so my feet & hands take a beating.  They have tons  o' color.
5	luv it! very friendly! many choices of color. gotta try the pedicure treatments!
5	Brought the wife here to get her fancy for our weekend in Vegas. Reviews were good, so we have it a shot. She wasn't used to some if their techniques it seemed, but they worked miracles and wonders! She loved her mani pedi and they looked great in the new pumps I just bought her. BUT, gentlemen...If you happen to take your woman here, and you're sitting and waiting for the misses to get done...you're missing out on something special. Look around for Carmelita, she'll give you an amazing massage while you wait, sometimes complimentary so don't forget to tip this amazing goddess of all things massage. Simply because of her alone, I wouldn't dare let my lady get her nails done anywhere else! Great place
2	I move to close to 215 & Durango so i try to find nail salon close to my house.Of course i also read review and i make a appointment. Really? you guys had good experience with here?  i have been doing my nail many times but with this place very disappointed. Even when i was there i saw couple customers came by to complain n ask fix their nail again, they were mad. service is OK technique is bad. now i can believe Yelp reviews any more, i feel been cheating.something is not right about all the reviews about this place or whateveri am not recommend to my friend,, no way
5	Another 5-star review for Christy! This was my third appointment with her, and I'm hooked. She gave me football-themed nail art, and I could not be happier.
3	I was getting married on the weekend and needed a place to get my nails done since I broke one of my nail while trying to open a stubborn window. Now before I start my review, I must say that this was the FIRST time I have ever gotten my nails done... And boy is it expensive!This is what I got done and the pricing:-Deluxe Essential Pedicure ($35)-Gel Polish ($20)-French ($5)-Gel Manicure ($35)-French ($5)- 3 Design ($15)Added the tip and the whole thing came out to be $135! OUCH. Is this how much stuff normally cost?...So anyways, the experience itself was interesting. I made an appointment at 3pm but they were able to take me an hour earlier since I got there early. Didn't have a problem conversing with Amy, the lady that did my pedicure. She was friendly and talkative. The Deluxe Essential Pedicure, I thought was just ok. The girl next to me got the Express Pedicure. Looking back had I known, I would have gotten the Express as well. The Deluxe had the exfoliation and heat wrap for the foot, but I don't think it was worth the $10 difference. Loved the massage chair :DHad a bit of a difficult time communicating with Ken (he did my manicure). He offered to do a 3D flower on my nails. I thought it was included in the price of the French Gel. It was an additional $15 (don't think it was worth it). Plus I didn't know it costed more until I saw the bill (but I guess it is also partially my fault for not asking if it costs more money...) He filed and painted my nails while I was still sitting in the pedicure chair. It was a bit awkward. (The other customers didn't get their manicures done until after they were done with their pedicure.) He filed and painted all the while my hand was a bit of an awkward/uncomfortable position. As I was leaving, I noticed I was left with white marks (from the French tip) on my hands :(Overall it was an interesting experience. I've had my nails for about a week now. The beads that was part of the 3D flowers design have began falling apart. Would I do it again? Don't think so. Too pricey for me!
5	I like to hop around when it comes to getting my nails done because like any artist everyone has their own style of doing things and I like to see different techniques. I have been here 2 times and have gone to Amy. She is very warm and friendly and does an amazing manicure and pedicure. She is very thorough and can get the rough spots. I normally have such ticklish feet but she is able to do it without me hardly flinching. I've tried the Ice Cream and Deluxe Pedicure with the paraffin treatment and was very satisfied with both. They give you actual ice cream to eat with the ice cream pedi. They also offer you a cold beverage which is a very nice touchThe new room they added is gorgeous and the color and lighting is very relaxing. They even have a big screen tv and have movies playing. I had the acrylic nails with gel the first time that was the PERFECT color high glossy looking bubble gum pink I was looking for and she painted a very pretty flower on them. They have TONS of gel colors to choose from. Not as many regular polish. But this didn't bother me as I normally like to bring my own color and I think most people get gel now anyway. Amy was very good at recommending treatments for my feet and colors for my nails. This last time I changed the color and got the rockstar gel nails over acrylic and I LOVE them. They look like candy and have gotten so many compliments. The management and staff are very friendly and warm and you feel welcomed when you walk in the door. The receptionist is a very cute, sweet girl who's always smiling and attentive in keeping the front moving along. . I will definitely be going back to Amy in two weeks.
5	Very nice place. My husband and I both Enjoyed the deluxe pedicure . Probably one of the top two pedicures that I've received in my life. I made a same day appointment during the week and was glad that I did as it was crowded . Everyone was super nice and we had complimentary massages . Will return again next time I am in Vegas
5	Several months in and my love for Diamond Nails is still going strong! I see Winnie very three months for gel nails and a pedi and couldn't imagine going anywhere else :)
5	I've been here three times now...and every time has been a 5 star experience. I am in love with my gel manicures that Christy does for me (with bling and studs).  Actually, I'm quite in love with Christy and the other gals who work there. Everyone is super friendly and I feel very much at ease there. Never rushed, Christy always spends as much time as she needs on me. Even as I hmm and huuuh over the color(s) I want or where I want the rhinestones or studs!  She's super patient, very artistic, and HILARIOUS!  She's always on time, and everyone there has super cute nails so if you walk in having no idea what you want on your nails, just look around!  The possibilities are endless. :) I'm very pleased at the cleanliness of the place...they're highly organized, keep your information on file...and for a non-cash carrier such as myself, they allow you to pay with a credit/debit card and you can add the tip right on!  Super convenient.  On top of the gel manicures, Christy gives the BEST pedicures. I live in vegas and wear flip flops about 364 days out of the year. That can lead to some preeeety dry feet. After my first pedicure with her, my feet were so soft...I really couldn't stop talking about how amazed I was with the results. It was truly quite epic. Anyways, I know there are nail shops on every single corner in vegas...but this place is worth the drive. I love in Summerlin and probably drive pass up 50+ shops that are closer just to come here.  Love it love it.
4	I was wanting some pampering on a Sunday morning and I was so happy to see that Diamond Nails & Spa are open on Sundays. :) Fellow Yelper Vanessa N. raves about this place so I decided to give it a try. I arrived a few minutes after opening and was seen within 5 minutes for hot rock pedi and a gel mani. Both techs were nice and friendly. The establishment was clean and organized. I see that they offer other services like waxing and massages. I think the prices were reasonable and fair. I will be back in a few weeks for some more TLC.
2	I expected more from the reviews. Basic nail salon with the usual grungy corners and communication problems. 40 minute Pedi for $35. No bargain. Broken chair massage for a couple of us. A few of the girls were friendly but for our 4 person group no one was dying to run back there.  Gotta love a "spa" where the staff pops a squat outside and lights up before you've even driven away. Save the trip.
5	I went somewhere else before that was practically empty, they weren't they attentive so I walked out and found Diamond Nail & Spa which was right next door. So far a great place. people are nice and I love the color selection they have.
5	This place is awesome, one of the BEST pedicures I've ever had! I wish I could go there regularly but I actually live in Southern California (I found the salon by looking on Yelp)  The people are SUPER friendly, the place is very clean and their prices are comparable to what I'm used to paying! I would definitely go back, and would highly recommend Diamond Nails to others!
4	Loved this place. My wife and I came here for my birthday week end. I got the hot stone therapy. It was great. I got pampered. Them stones started out blazing at first but after a while i got used to it. It is a little pricey but well worth it. I don't get pedicures all the time but the few I have had, this is the best.
5	Been here a couple times while my boyfriend and I were living on this side of town.  They always do a great job! Love all the nail techs I've had!
5	I've never chosen any one to give me manicure but Winie. She's definitely the best! She's so sweet and detailed orientated. She knows what she's doing. I chose the design and every time she made them exactly the way I wanted! Choose her and you will never regret!
1	Did anyone of you ever asked them "How much it cost"??? When you are about to pay... Do you ask what exactly are you paying for?I went there 3 times. I have nothing bad to say about their work in terms of the way my nails looks like. However, I just realized by looking on my receipts and bank statements that they were charging me different amount each time (even though I did the same exactly thing at least twice!)I realize that after being there last week and the paper that they were about to charge me from said $53. I asked them what this is for and they said that because they used  sponge they charge me more. I explained that I did exactly the same thing and paid $40 for the Gel last time (you can find my receipt in the pictures) and they kept saying it's $45... So wait, if it's $45, how did you get to $53???They said it's the flower I added to the nail....But the flower is only $3... So I just agreed to pay $48 and left. I felt so bad that I needed to check my previous receipt to make sure I wasn't wrong...And I wasn't! So I won't go there again because I rather find a place I can trust. If you do go there... Simply ask "How Much?" and keep the receipts.Again, I feel horrible writing a bad review especially when their actual manicure was good however,I want to make sure everyone will at least know to ask for the prices!
1	I've been to this nail salon for a while now but some lady by the name of Jackie did my nails and i had a horrible experience so never again! She was so rough with my hands and every time she was done looking at one hand she would throw it instead of gently going to my next hand. Another thing about this nail salon is that they always change their prices and I've been going here for maybe 6 months now. I get the same thing all the time and they always change the prices up on me and one time i confronted them about it they were just stuttering and hesitating and making up lame excuses. Another thing that bothered me was that Jackie was so rough with my hands she had cut my finger and i was bleeding. I don't know about you but there should be no reason why there would be a cut not anywhere near your nail, it was on my knuckle. Another thing was that i asked if she could just draw a cross which is 2 lines and she couldn't even do that so i got charged more for a damn 3d cross that i did not want. I will never be going here ever again and i was a loyal customer who always tipped $10 no matter what but no thanks I'm good!
4	I saw Yuki tonight, its the first time in almost 5 years since I've had my nails done and she was awesome! Salon is comfortable and clean.
5	I went to Diamond Nails for a girls night. I was greeted right away, asked what I wanted done and to pick a color. I got a gel manicure and It feels like it will be on my nails for more than two weeks- excellent job!! I would def go back !
3	Easy to get to off the strip. There are two sections - the gorgeous chandelier side and the boring, strip mall nail salon side, which is where I was placed, along with my two girlfriends. They were great about getting us in all at the same time, and even gave my friend a little bday giftie. The tech who did my manicure gave me a sort of, lame manicure, in the sense that she briefly filed my nails, painted them, then randomly threw on some lotion and "massaged" my hands at the end. There was a lot of confusion between gel and shellac manicures - and I'm certain I paid for a more expensive manicure but got the cheaper option. Grr! Got this done on Saturday - it's Thursday now and my nails are still shiny and have no chips. Overall, great place for a quick mani/pedi - I'd go back if I had a car and needed the service in Vegas. Happy not to have to pay Vegas spa prices!
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place.. I used to go here for all of my nail needs but during the last couple times they did my gel mani/pedi at the same time which is way too much going on.. I can see if I asked for it or didn't have an appointment but switching hands and feet in to the lights at the same time is just too much, takes the relaxation out of it. However, they do do one of the better pedicures I've gotten in vegas (the hot stone one is awesome!)
5	Awesome spot! Every service I've ever had here has been top notch. The place is clean, inviting, friendly, and elegant enough to make you feel like you're not just in another corner nail salon... but casual enough so you feel like you can pop in wearing jeans and a pony tail and not be 'sized up' by the staff. Speaking of the staff, every gal/guy who has taken care of me has been kind, a good communicator, and generally pleasant. The owner is a wonderful man. I could go on. I have nothing bad to say about this spa. Prices are great. Gel nails last forever. Easy to get to (unlike spas in casinos). The list goes on...Highly recommend.
5	Mai did an awesome job with my nails!  I won't  go anywhere else...thank you!!
5	Wen my nail tech left from another salon i know its time to look for another nail place. I found this place and was impressed with their great reviews.  Today i decided to try it and man im loving it so far :) James did my nails and he is amazing. Great attention to details, amazing foot massage.... im definetly coming back!
1	I loved this place. I got my first gel manicure here. Super cute. Mama gives the best massages. The best. Make an appt online.-----------------I made an appointment the second time for me and two friends, one massage and two pedicures. I didn't receive a confirmation call so I called them at 2:00, 3 hours before our 5PM appointment. They said ok but then called me back 15 minutes later saying that the masseuse called in with a family emergency. Seriously? When were they going to let us know? So we cancelled all of our appointments.
5	I had a terrible experience here I had a gel mani and first they cut my cuticles so well that two of them were bleeding. Second the girl who did my mani acted like a was a burden to her and huffed and puffed at me when I asked her to fix a spot on my nail that was showing through the polish. Last of all the mani cure was peeling off in 5 days because of poor application, it was very thick and clumpy. I will never go back and will not let any of my girlfriends... If I'm going to pay $40 dollars for a gel mani ($25 at other shops) then I expect descent costumer service. The only positive thing would have to be their selection of gel colors. .......................................................UDATE!! The owner Sam contacted me and offered to have another tech do my gel mani at no charge, and she was amazing! Her name is Christie. She did beautiful job and gave me great service. She listened to my needs and most importantly a flawless mani! Im proud to show of these pretty fingers now! Thanks so much I will be back to see Christie, for sure!!!
3	My friend and I tried Diamond for the first time yesterday. I read the good reviews and thought we'd give it a shot. We arrived 10 minutes early for our appts. The placed was packed. After we walked in they turned someone away because they wouldn't have a tech available for a couple hours. We waited a few minutes and were brought to massage chairs but asked not to put our feet in, just yet. About 15 minutes later we were beginning to wonder what was the hold up. There is an lady roaming around who must be in charge. Eventually, she gave us the ok to soak but by then the water was cold. She tried to drain some of the cold water and put in more warm but it never did get hot enough for me. When I reserved our appointments i specified the type of pedis we wanted but we were still given a book of options and asked to choose our service. Finally, about 30 minutes late 2 techs finished their manicures and came to us. I really don't get dry skin or have a lot of maintenance to do. I like my toes to be polished and the massage with hot stones to soothe my poor, tired feets.  Unfortunately, I was dissatisfied with the hot stone rub. I did not feel soothed or that the stones were placed to help release the tension in the muscles to make the massage more effective. She also spent more time on one foot than the other so I can definitely say my left foot was neglected. She did do a good job with the polish. They offer other spa services including eyebrow tinting. My friend wanted to know more about it and the woman who does it seemed annoyed to have to answer a question. She was a little mean, actually. I don't think my friend and I will be returning and so the search for the best pedicure will continue.
5	Love this place!!! It's the only place I go to get my nails done. Very friendly staff!
5	I love this place.  I am very picky about my nature nails and over the past year I have enjoyed the way James does my nails.  Fantastic service at this place. The staff is like family. My feet are smooth and pretty everytime Christy is done. I can show them to the world.   Carmalita also does my massages and I feel like a new woman when she's done.  No more aches and pains.  This place is the BEST!
2	The  designs are pretty, however my nails barely lasted one week before the gel started to peel off. I paid $50 & expect my mani to last more than one week, such a disappointment!!!!
5	The place was clean and the staff was one of the friendliest I have ever experience as far as nail salons go. Jimmy is the man nice massage and good french technique. All and all best experience in the SW and I've been looking for over a year. I'll be back for sure.
4	I've been to Diamond Nails about half a dozen times and have had great experiences.  Still, like at most nail salons, they sometimes don't do a good job letting the polish dry between coats which means it smudges easily.  I like that they have a menu for pedicures and aren't super pushy trying to push additional services.
5	I was in the market to find a new nail salon in Las Vegas.  I recently met up with a friend and LOVED her nails when I saw them and so she recommended I try Diamond Nails and Spa.  She also said she had a fabulous massage while she was there.  I stopped by today just for a gel polish change.  I recently tore one of my nails and my purse yanked majority of the rest if it off since the tear wasn't enough lol.  I had a nail tip done that fixed the problem right up and I LOVE my nails--service was quick as well which is always nice when you're out running errands already.  I will definitely make this my new go to place for nails, thanks again!(:
5	Best pedicure ever. Denise was awesome. Ice cream pedicure was super relaxing and a glass of champagne was a nice way to relax in the massage chair!
2	Walked in because we were ignored at 3D nails in the next shop over....my friend and I got two French pedicures and we were both done in less than 15 mins...very rushed and left to dry in the pedi chair. Upon "checkout" the front desk agent couldn't find our receipts and it just wasn't a welcoming experience. Felt rushed and I like to enjoy my pedicures.
4	I love this place. You have to make an appointment because they get so packed but they do an amazing job. I would definitely recommend getting the gel nail polish because it last like 3 weeks. It is pricier than I am used to but they do a great job!
2	My first manicure ever and it was okay I guess. Can't really compare it to another experience because this was my first manicure. I called for an appointment and the guy on the phone was very helpful and nice. He was proper and sounded professional compared to the other places I called; that's why I booked an appointment. Their website also looked promising. I got there 30 minutes early and was lucky they were able to start on me early. I got the a full set of acrylics with stiletto tips. Total was 36 including tips. Reasonable price. I was content with that.Andrew was my guy who did my nails and he was chill. Didn't say much when not needed or wanted. He did his job well and shaped it how I wanted it, BUT the color looks a little translucent like it needs a third coat and my nails are covered in bubbles! After drying I noticed the bubble galore and was trying to show the lady in charge who was ringing me out. She assumed it was just my thumb and made me go to Andrew (who was now doing a pedicure) to fix it. He fixed it by putting a second coat of clear polish and sent me back to dry. After that my nail still had bubbles and I was already behind my schedule. Overall it was an okay experience. So-so. I won't be coming back because these bubbles aren't the business! Going to try some place new instead because that's a better bet than going back.
4	This was the first manicure I've ever had. Thought I'd take my mom so we can experience it together. They did seat us in separate rooms.. so next time I hope we get seated together! Place looked really clean and friendly staff. They were very busy and we were walk-ins and were seated right away. They kept offering snacks and water which was really nice. My mother and I both got acrylics with French tips, which they first told me it was only going to cost $30 each (ended up being $35... even though my mother and I got the same thing, our receipt explains the $5 up charge for something totally different. Okay?) My nails were done really quick and easy. The man who did my nails said he's been doing it for years, and it showed. But my mother's nails took forever! There were little flaws on two of her nails. Which aren't terrible just expected it to look great despite the fact that her nails took the longest out of the both of us. When we explained that to the lady ringing us up...she said to come back if the nails get damaged and they'll fix it for no cost, which I was really happy about. Overall it was a good experience, so far so good :) Thanks Diamond Nails!
5	Friendly staff, love everyone but Sam was super helpful today! James is epic at nail art and French tips- highly recommend!
5	Absolutely love this place! The staff is super friendly and the venue is very clean.  Christy is the best.  She always finds time to fit me in for an appointment and does an amazing job.  I still drive across town to get my nails done by her...wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Christie is the best!! And is a pro at doing Stiletto nails. I would highly recommend seeing her, or at the very least just going to this nail salon! The staff are all very friendly and accommodating, the salon itself is super clean and very nice. Everything is very reasonably priced as well. Talented nail techs are few and far between. I am so grateful that I found Christie!!
5	Came to have a pre-wedding day with the girls for my sister. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Had enough chairs for us to be together while we all had our mani pedi. I had Jamie, she was Awesome! She took her time and didn't rush me, her attention to detail was very much appreciated considering I've had bad experiences with pedicures before.  I highly recommend this location, but they get busy so make sure you make an appointment before hand.
5	My girlfriends and I are in from out of town and wanted a Mother's Day treat. S researched and found Diamond Nails and decided to go based on reviews. We were beyond thrilled with results. Diamond is WELL worth the 10-15 minuted drive from the Strip. The techs were amazing - took their time and did excellent work. We were/are beyond happy with the results. Would highly, highly recommend.
5	Jimmy did a great job on my manicure today :) Treated my mom to a mani/pedi with Jenny and she is a happy woman right now!Service is always good at Diamond Nails.
5	OH EM GEE! I love this place! My friend Rachel R. found this place on Yelp! She booked our appointments online and right away we got a confirmation e-mail and text. The day before, we got another text and e-mail reminder and again the day of. Having to make the appointments online, there were 30 minute difference from the three appointments. We walked in and the employee told us we should have just called it in and told them we were going together. Luckily there were three spots available next to each other. Our appointments were at 2 ish and they were super busy. My friends and I did the Chocolate and Champagne pedicure ($58). It was perfect!  Your feet are soaked in a warm chocolate aroma bath rich with antioxidants while you're enjoying a glass (or 2) of champagne. All of the hot stone therapy pedicures include plus exfoliation with aromatic chocolate scrub and a paraffin treatment. It was an awesome experience that I would recommend this to my friends who are visiting Vegas. The staff were also very friendly.
5	I came in this morning around 10:30am, and Jenni, took me right away. I explained to her that i wanted to take my acrylics off because i wanted to change the color of the acrylics nail bed. She took it off without damaging any of my nails.  She then explained to me things i never really knew. She did the most outstanding job I've ever seen, literally... These are nail extensions with pink and white gel polish. ( i wantes more white than normal, and i got moon shaped extensions)Essentially,  she made it look like they were pink and white acrylics.  BRAVO.
5	Awesome nail shop. The people were so friendly and welcoming. They did a fantastic job. Will be back.
5	Wasnt planning on going here but i was glad i did! Mai (pronounced "my") did my pedi and she cleans like really cleans out my cuticles. Very satisfied with her, Especially how some salons only push back my cuticles.. My feet are squeaky clean n pretty to look at lol! thanks Mai! Jessica did my gelmani, she was nice as well, N people that worked there offered me bottle cold water and fruit snacks. wait time was 0, i was taken in right away and it was busy at that. Will be coming back. Thanks girls!
5	I Am giving 5 stars not only for the excellent service provided, but also because of the friendliness of the staff and how clean and organized everything is.  I came in as a walk in and although they were busy I was warmly greeted and my wait was no longer than 3min. After many years of trial and error with different nail salons I had almost given up on finding someone who could deal with my very sensitive skin and today I was lucky enough to be assigned to Mai. She took her time to explain to me the entire process and very delicately worked with my nails. This is my first full set in over five years and not only are they gorgeous, but she did not harm my skin at all!  I got a pedi and a full set and I don't plan on going anywhere else for a long time, it was a great experience. Mai has herself a client.
5	I've always gotten the best service here! I won't go anywhere else vegas! With pedicures at most places I'll leave and my feet are just as dry as when I came in, but not here! They also do great gel manicures and full sets. :)
5	It's busy all the time. I highly recommend making an apt ahead of time. This is my go to place for gel mani & pedi. In my line of work I have to upkeep my nails so I've been to many many places in town and this venue has the best quality and work ethics. The decor is simple, the venue itself isn't very big.The prices are standard $35 for gel mani. Christy is my go to girl but she rarely ever takes walk ins so I advise to arrange apt.
1	Worst manicurist ever. Came here to pamper myself on my birthday. I told the woman on the phone that I wanted to make sure that I got a massage with my pedicure. She said that massage was included. I signed up the deluxe pedicure and had the unfortunate luck to get Jimmy.  Both people next to me had longer times in the chair and they were there before me. He rushed through the massage and did not seem to know what he was doing. These sage I did get was rough and my  back kept hitting the back not the chair. His nails needed cutting as they cut into the bottoms if my feet. I had to wait 15 even though I had an appointment and was out witching 1/2 hour. When I complained the reduced the price by $5. Big deal. What should have been a relaxing time was annoying. My advice is to find a different salon that cares for customer  service.
5	Came into town from Boston to visit my dad...did my research & found this place for my stiletto nails. CHRISTY was amazing...took such good care of me...my nails were perfect and I had a great time there. Ill be back. Management was kind and professional, prices were amazing...luv luv luv
5	They always accommodate you. Very professional. Super clean. I was in a bit of a rush today so they did a gel pedicure and gel manicure at the same time. this place.
1	I made an appointment with Mai at 2:30 today and was seated close to 3:00.  Not only were they late, but she did a very sloppy job and my nails (photo posted) were crooked.  After she was done, she sent me to the sink to wash my hands.  When I came back she was already gone setting up another station. No "thank you" or "goodbye".  How rude.  Apart from the rude service, Mai took a nail clipper from the woman's station next to us and used it on my nails! It was already used and was not clean! How unsanitary! I will not be returning to this salon and was so disappointed.  The woman at the front desk was very polite and sweet.  Would not recommend going here, the service was sub par at best.  Do not make appointments with MAI!
4	My daughters and I have used this nail spa many times after finding it on yelp. There are many good manicurist here. They are friendly, courteous and the shop is clean. I highly recommend this business.
5	MAI IS THE BEST! She is so nice and I love that I can show her a picture of a nail design and she can make it look a hundred times better! If you are in need of a nail tech definitely go to her but make sure to make an appointment because the best are always busy
5	Went here today bc my normal nail place was booked until 2 when I got there at 11:30. Glad that I did. The staff was super friendly and they had 5 diff types of pedis you could get! Was awesome. Got the deluxe pedi bc I needed it! My feet feel awesome and got a gel mani. They did mani while I got my pedi and got me out super fast. Nice to not have to waste my day. Cindy did my nails and Sam did my mani massage. Both did a great job!!
5	I've been going to this place for over a year, and I always get complimented on my nails. Christy does the best nail art. She's so meticulous! And I go to James for my pedicure because he gives the best massages. He's also done some awesome nail art for my manicures as well. They both are always booked, so make your reservations in advance. They recently renovated the space to make it bigger, which is nice because I haven't gone a day where it wasn't busy. Every 5 transactions, you get a discount. Great incentive to come back. I love coming here because they've become family at this point. Perfect!
5	I get a mani/pedi at this salon every 2 weeks. I typically can call and make an appointment that very same day. A variety of nail technicians have done my nails here and they all do an amazing job. They have a large selection of gel colors to choose from. I get compliments on the sparkly colors on my toes all the time. And the pedicure lasts longer than 2 weeks. Very satisfied every time I walk out of the salon !
5	Very beautiful inside, clean, and busy. There are probably more than a dozen employees with 2- hostesses catering to you when you walk in. The work is beautiful and clean as well. I came in with An inspirational look and they matched it right on point.
1	Poor quality nail salon!I came in today to get my gel nails removed and repainted with regular nail polish. I told the lady that I wanted my nails cut shorter, square, and nicely shaped. After removing my gel, the woman took out her clippers and cut my nails so short that I could feel my exposed nail beds. She then proceeded to file them even shorter until I showed her she was filing my skin. She reminded me I said short and began applying "bonding" oil and a top coat. She painted my nails so beastly that she made the OPI nail polish look bumpy, and cheap. I told her I hated my sloppy nails so she took the polish off and told the boss lady I wanted someone else to do my nails. She signaled a smoking man to come inside who sat down without washing his hands. The only thing I could say was "you smell like cigarettes" which was answered by a giggle meaning "I didnt understand what you said." By this point I had had enough and decided to leave. I went to the front and offered to pay for the gel soak off and was told it would cost $10. $10 for chopped, unpainted nails? I couldn't do it and said "I am unhappy with my service and I am not paying for anything." While sitting in my car looking up directions, I was approached by the first nail lady. She tried to explain that she did her job and should receive compensation. I reminded her she did a terrible job and didn't earn the payment. She stood there dumbfounded as I rolled up my window. Note to all the nail salons out there, you have to cater to people with natural nails just as much as you cater to people with artificial and gel nails.
1	I wanted to try this place based on the highly rated reviews. I had an appointment at 11:00. It is now 11:35, thirty five minutes later and I have yet to have someone come over and start my pedicure. The water is cold, my ankles are itchy and someone who came in after me got their services started before me. Why even bother making an appointment? I won't be coming back.
5	I yelped this location and it is snot far from my house so I decided to give it a try ! I made an appointment on line with Mai. Mai is super friendly and nice. She has small talks with me making me feel as if I m visiting a friend ! Absolutely love it ! I showed her a picture of the design I want but at first I didn't want to pay more for the Gel. She explained to me why gel might be better for this specific design and showed me without gel what it looked like. She did convinced me to get the gel nail in stead and it came out super cute, exactly like the picture I showed her. I will certainly come back to her next time !
5	This was a great find!!  I moved from Summerlin over to Mountains edge and needed to find a new nail salon.  I found them by looking on yelp and they had great reviews so I tried it out.  I've been going there now for a year and I've never been disappointed.   Great job Diamond Nails!!
1	I went here in7/15 and today its 7/18 my nails already came off I paid $50.00 for gel nails and the quality really sucks and not to mention the sister duo can smack talk for hours about people the whole time I sat with my nail tech her sister also works there all they were doing was talking shit about people in English and then in their language I mean really if you so have many good  reviews must be its time for you to talk to your staff and explain them the importance of customer service , talking shit about people is not entertaining , The lady @ the reception was very nice and cordial and the one who charged me was also nice its the just the technician and her poor quality of work and smack talking is the reason why i would not recommend this place 1 , you run a salon not a high school were girls hang out and talk shit about people , VERY NEGATIVE ENVIORMENT AND POOR QUALITY OF WORK. I wish I could give them 0 star
5	I'm new here in Las Vegas, and this is the finest place I found to get my nails done. The attention to detail is very noticeable! The attendant asking me whether or not I wanted to clear nail polish was very appreciated. I'm going to pass the name of this establishment on to people I know.
5	I've been here a few times, and this is my new go to spot! I go to Mai and she does a phenomenal job every time. I have gotten so many compliments on my nails. I can't fathom enough how good Mai is!
5	I am in love with this place I had went through so many different nail shop and I have never found a person that does such an amazing job like MAI she takes her time and make sure that you are 100 percent comfortable and in love with your nails before she continues..... Everytime I ask for a new design she gets it right on point..... And she does an amazing job again I wouldn't  trade her for anything....
5	I've been coming here for years and wouldn't go anywhere else. I love the staff and I always get the absolute best service. This is the best nail salon in Las Vegas hands down!
5	This nail salon is one of the best in Vegas, I recently moved to Las Vegas and have tried several nail salons. Diamond nail salon exceed my expectations with friendly staff and excellent service. I am highly impressed!
5	I always receive such wonderful service! Christy always does such an amazing job. This is definitely the best nail salon in Vegas.
4	I've been here twice. First visit: I didn't have the best lady. BUT the amenities are great, super clean and everything was sanitized. Second visit: I got Cindy (whom my mother had on the first visit) and was excited to have her because she did such a good job with my mom. She was great! Very sweet and accommodating. I have long natural nails and she took great care while filing them. I highly recommend this place but definitely make an appointment! I just happened to show up before a rush and a lot of women had to wait or left due to the wait. The front desk lady was super sweet and helped make the whole experience enjoyable. I will definitely be back!
1	I made appointment prior to coming here but still waited for an hour. The place is nice but looks can be deceiving because of the bad service they provided me. Please don't waste your time coming here totally not worth the wait!!!
4	Mai is absolutely amazing! :) I was oh so lucky enough to get assigned to her at my latest walk in and now I can honestly say that I will be booking all future appointments with her. She is extremely nice and a total perfectionist! she will always be honest with you when asking her opinion on the nail design that you're contemplating on getting. so definitely go and check her out! the reason I docked a star off is because prior to my extremely fortunate encounter with Mai, the other technicians I have dealt with just didn't seem to wow me. there have been a couple times I wasn't satisfied with my service but I continued to come to this location due to its proximity to both work and home. as long as Mai is working there, I'll be a regular :)
2	I was calling around to find a place that could get my wife right in.I called this place and was told they could get us right in. I said we would be there in 10 minutes ... no problem.We got there and waited a little while. Was told she would be seeing one of the best. The nail dude asked my wife some very personal and strange questions while working on her.When done, we got to the car and realized the nails were of varying length - also the sides of the nails were not properly filed. Went back in and one of the owners said she would fix them. Turns out she was so distracted, she made my wife's finger start bleeding and still did a poor job. The owners daughter was running around the business. Cute little girl, but very unprofessional. Her other daughter was arguing that she did not want to bring the little girl to get food, as it was too hot outside - unless the dad gave her his car.Would not go back ... Yelp reviews failed on this one.
5	If you want your nails done perfectly and also want someone down to earth and cool to talk to...go see Christy!! She does the best nails and will do any design or pattern you can think of! She's so creative and has the funniest personality as well as quick service! My best friend at diamond nails! You won't be disappointed I promise you! ;)
5	I have been coming here for the last 3 years, ever since I moved to this area. All of the nail techs are amazing. James and Stephanie are my top two go to people. The owner Sam and his wife do a great job running the place and making sure everything is perfect. Everyone is so friendly, and the price is what you would expect for a nail shop of this caliber. If you want a $20 full set from a chop shop, this is not the place for you.
5	I have been coming here for a few years and love it.  James and Sam are always amazing and I'm so excited they expanded and have extended there hours. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I always recommend them to friends and coworkers when they are looking for a nail spa.
5	Mai is the best nail artist ever! She's not only great at what she does, she's also extremely compassionate towards her clients. Love her work and I never leave disappointed. Everyone needs to go to her!
5	I came here with the bf for a pedicure (he brought me not the other way around!)  He is a fan of regular pedicures so we made it a couple adventure haha. This salon is huge and has extended hours.  They are open until 11pm but there is an extra $5 charge for services done after 7pm. Pedicures started at $25 for the regular and worked it's way up depending on other options you want. I didn't need champagne and chocolate so I was good.  I was very happy that the tools were in sterile packs like at the dentist. The ladies were great and very kind.  We came in as walk-ins and we had to wait a little because we we got there in between shifts but it was only about 15-20 minutes.  Not bad at all.I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas to visit. I want to try a gel manicure sometime!
5	Love Love Love this spa!!! I have watched them grow and expand, while maintaining their Amazing customer service! I can get it all here! Gel manis, pedis, waxing and even eye lash extensions! I won't go anywhere else!
5	Excellent service.  Super nice staff. I went in for a pedicure and got Christy, she's a gem. Best foot/leg message I've ever had.
1	This place used to be really good. However, the customer service has really gone downhill. After making an appointment, I wasn't seen for 45 minutes AFTER my appointment time. The front desk girl didn't even give me a heads up when I checked in that they were running behind. Other clients were complaining and although the front desk girl apologized there was no acknowledgement from the owner, discount given, or any type of compensation to make up for the long wait. I'd suggest they call clients to let them know if they're running that far behind or at least tell them upon check in. Some sort of 'I'm sorry' compensation would be appreciated too. With so many nail salons around you'd think customer satisfaction would be a priority. I won't be going there again.
5	I receive the best pedis here courtesy of Andrew!!! He is awesome and I like the fact that it's a calming mood in there! Thanks for great service!!!
2	Well, for starters I walk in and see my nail tech playing with her feet then proceeded to grab my hand without washing her hands. Terrible. Nails weren't that bad just not good either.
5	The few times I've been here, I haven't had to wait an insanely long time. They're well staffed and very friendly. Great customer service and reasonable prices. I have a different person each time and they've all been wonderful. However, after this last time, I think I'm leaning towards Cindy. She's quick but not sloppy and listens to exactly what I want. Diamond Nails is a keeper!
4	My nails look great... Don't get me wrong. But for a simple shellac mani pedi... I don't think it should've been $70. After tip, $84. Maybe I should've looked at the prices before coming here. The place itself is very nice and the nail techs definitely take their time on you. Lynn did a great job on my nails.
4	Annie did such a wonderful job. I can't express how much I appreciate her work and patience she had. She kept apologizing cause I waited three hours and I told her it was OK. It wasn't her fault... I gave four because of the long wait I had. If its busy.. Don't even bother..might as well go back another day and make an appt. Back to Annie, she understood everything I talked to her about and sincere. I would def go back to see her. Tnx Annie!!!!!
5	Christie is amazing at what she does.  She gives an incredible pedicure. Takes her time and makes you feel completely relaxed by the time you are finished.  Christie also does a flawless job on finger nails too!  I highly recommend the salon and especially Christie.  Sam the owner I think is also very friendly and polite.
5	I was recommended by several friends to come here, I was hesitant to make the drive since I have a nail spot in Henderson. I tried it out because I needed a full and they're open late. I was welcomed there with open arms and got Kelly. She's the sweetest tech and everything I wanted she did with no complaints. I love Lincoln park after dark as my fall color and she put a subtle sparkle to it. I am now convinced I will make the drive there. Best nail salon in the city!
5	Mai is the best at everything u could need she is very detail oriented and she even does excellent design!
3	They do a very decent job here.  I like it because they also offer water free manicures (the water is so hard here I don't like soaking my cuticles in it, just makes them crack)So, I will return for that reason.However, the place is filthy.  It really needs a good scrub down, that's why I gave it 3 stars instead of 5.Clean it up!
3	This is a good, make-an-appointment-day-of kinda place.  They have tons of gel colors (how I came to know of them years ago when most places had about 12).  They recently expanded into the store front  next to them so theres like 14-18 pedi chairs (not exactly sure).  I don't have a go to person here but with the exception of once I've had decent enough service.  The massage chairs are nice, and they've defiantly put some effort into the decor.  Its a great place when you decide you want your nails done in the next 2 hours kinda spot
5	Been coming here for over 2 years and for the most part everyone does a great job! I personally recommend Christy, she's quick, knows her stuff, and my gels stay on without chipping for up to 3 weeks. The owners are very nice, I'm always taken in right away for my appointments and they have a great selection of gel colors. And they aren't pretentious like that other nail "polish" place down the street
1	Okay so let me start by saying that usually I go to polished nail salon which is right down the street from diamond. I came in to get my nails changed and I chose to go to diamond because they were open later than polished usually is. I made an appointment for 8:45 PM and there was a five dollar charge because it was considered after hours. When I first called to schedule this appointment I had asked the receptionist to please put me with someone who is good at doing gel because usually I go to polished and polished stands by their work and does a really good job.. Plus I get nervous going to someone I don't know. The receptionist laughed at me and said "oh we are better than polished" now knowing that this had been said I should've trusted my better judgment and not gone because first of all talking bad about another salon is in bad taste and unprofessional and second of all, polished is one of the most successful nail salons in the vegas area. So I went to get my nails done and I wanted to get hombre white with just a little glitter. The lady who was doing my nails was a very nice lady but she didn't seem to know what she was doing. when she started doing my nails she would dab the white onto them and then take a brush and started brushing it out in a weird way. It looked so streaked and uneven and it didn't look like hombre at all. I told her to put a nude color first then the white to create the blended hombre affect and also so my actual nail wasn't showing and she said no and ignored my request. She continued doing what she was doing and when she was finished it honestly (excuse my language) looked like shit. I told her it was streaked and didn't look like hombre and she said " well that's how I know how to do it" It was so bad to the point where I had asked her to please redo it. she gave up and had the owner do it. When I asked the owner to use a sponge she pulled out a cheap sponge that left my nails blotchy and uneven and all in all I was completely unhappy with the way they turned out...they looked so hideous I took off a day of work to have my nail lady at polished fix them. I highly recommend going to polished just down the street.. They charge a little more but the quality you get is well worth the price which is not something I can say for diamond nails. For someone who talked trash on another shop.. They sure couldn't back it up.
4	Just came here last week with my bestie to get pedicures! I've come here once before when I worked at a dental office near this area but haven't come since, mainly because driving here from the Galleria Mall area kind of sucks lol.They have a good selection of pedicures to choose from however I was little surprised when my Express pedicure took the same amount of time as my friend getting the Deluxe pedicure PLUS Gel Manicure!!! Hmmm...let's just say I was pretty happy with my service, however, she was not. But I can only review on my service, soo 4 stars!I called ahead of time to make an appointment since we both wanted to be done around the same time. The girl on the phone was a liiittle rude and sounded like I was bothering her. But she wasn't the one doing my pedicure so whatever lol. They have a great selection of gel polishes, however their regular polish selection was pretty weak. My cleaning was done nicely, also the gel pedicure was very clean, not sloppy. I also had a nice conversation with the owner, who was doing my pedicure, and Mai, who was doing the pedicure of the girl next to me. My bill came out to $60. Pretty average pricing compared to other salons for what I get: gel pedicure + acrylic on my big toes. Overall, a good job. I'll definitely be back if I'm in the area.
4	Very busy which I love to see!I came in for infills and they were done in 30 mins....very quick but still very well done. Luckily they could fit me in. I would of given 5 stars but their customer service wasn't perfect. Clean and a large place. Thank you :)
5	I have been going to Diamond Nails for over 3 years now. Most of my friends who do not live close to their location still drive the distance because of their amazing customer service. Every technician is excellent at their job and truly cares about the customer's experience. In October, our entire bridal party went to Diamond Nails to get pampered for the big day. We all took part in the Chocolate Champagne pedicure that came with hot stone therapy. Amazing! And yes, champagne - nice and chilled. If you want value, great people, fun vibe and an overall happy experience Diamond Nails is the only way to go. Make an appointment because it's no secret they are truly the best.
1	My best friend and I got our nails done Saturday night, because it was late we thought we were lucky they were open till 11pm. worst idea ever. You get charged $5 dollars a person for coming in late the reason being " we have to pay the landlord because we're open late" you want long nails? $5 dollars for length.  Almond shape nails?  $5 extra. Don't even ask for designs,$5 because it's s " too complicated and lots of work for us" Christmas designs are beyond them, the technician had to ask the owner for help with a mistletoe design, who apparently had lost her touch since she hadn't done it in so long. Her words not mine. I thought  bad  service and the outrageous racking up of the price for every little reason, were the worst I'd see of this place but I am seriously not surprised my nail separated from the acrylic this morning as I sat at my desk TYPING. Stick on nails from the drugstore last longer than their so called "finished product."
1	They charge you extra for breathing over there. I went to Hannah twice and I won't be back.  They charge you $5 for rockstar glitter and an extra $5 for fade. but the top of your nail is natural gel so to me you're getting ripped off.   I wanted all glitter on the nail but she told me it wouldn't look right.  Aren't I the customer? If I want glitter all over let me have it.   What really bothered me is when she said oh I understand you're on  budget? Really? thanks for that insult.  It's not about being on a budget it's about getting ripped off.  And their basic pedicures are horrible. No scrub. Barely anything done. I guess that's what you get for basic but c'mon?
2	Heres the thing: ive been coming to this nail salon for 2 years and noone remembers me or knows my name. And i get my nails done every 3-4 wks. The last time i came in, the nail tech next to me mentioned to her client that she was so tired cuz shes opening and closing for the owners (who were out of town) and because of her fatigue, she couldnt do the nail design her client wanted. Which was one snowflake on both ring fingers. Then this same nail tech proceeded to talk shit about other clients to us! 'This other girl.. Blah blah. Oh she so picky! Cant stand it'. Not professional at all. Here i am again today and the receptionist (shes cute, short and rude) grabbed the sign in sheet from right under me as i was writing.  Oooohkayyyy.
5	Diamond Nails and Spa was absolutely amazing to my bridal party and myself last weekend. Not only did they do a stunning job on our mani pedis for my wedding the next day but they also offered us out-of-towners a ride to our next destination. THAT is service. I would give 10 stars if I could. Thanks guys!!
5	OMG!! You have got to go here!! I have been going for 4 years and WOW James is AMAZING! Very efficient and overall friendly guy!! I have a standing appt every two weeks and I book him up to a month in advance because he is VERY POPULAR  simply because of how good he is! My husband goes to Christy and he is very picky about who does his manicure and pedicure but when he tried out Christy he was thoroughly impressed. Now he won't go anywhere else ! Oh and we mustn't forget the owner SAM is awesome too!!! Very personable guy! Love this place and won't go anywhere else!!!
