3	This TGI Friday's is located inside The Orleans hotel. It is a smaller size TGI Friday's. I've been here on occassion to get a drink either after a movie or after some bowling. So far, I've always gotten very friendly service at this location. The hostesses are okay, but I've gotten nothing but friendly faces from servers. One of the things I love about this TGI Friday's is that they have the 3 different Ultimate Sangrias. I'm sure it's not the only TGI that has it, but for some reason, the TGI Friday's in the Bay Area do not have the Ultimate Sangrias. And let me tell you, the Ultimate Sangrias are sooooo good here. Great flavorful blend of wine, alcohol, juice, and sliced up fresh fruit in the drink.As far as the food, there's not much to say about it. It's just greasy, fattening American food. I wouldn't come here for a meal, but I have to admit, a late night drink + one of their appetizers is YUMMY.
2	Why would a local go to a TGI Friday's inside the Orleans... good question.. that was definitely a lapse of judement! Fiance and I were looking for somewhere generic to eat lunch that was inbetween our offices.. I expected reliable, pretty good foodI ordered the turkey burger with cheese. Burger came out without cheese and then the guy proceeded to bring me a cold slice of cheese on a plate when I noticed it had no cheese. The burger was so cold the cheese wouldn't melt.. eww. seriously, throw it on the grill for a minute, how lazy are you? Oh and the bun was stale.. and kept breaking off as I ate it.. and the burger sucked. Nothing good about it. Service was obviously bad too.
3	For where I was at and for the deal that TGIF usually has this place wasn't half bad.... I could have spent $50 a person and went to the Bellagio, but what would I do after I ate, gamble? Nay, here at the Orleans they have a 72 lane bowling alley. But that's for another review. The servers are nice, but they had a lot of tables that were full so they were spread pretty thin, so I'll grant them some leniency.So TGIF has a special going on here where it's buy one of the Jack Daniels Specials get another one free. Now that saves at least $14 off the bill and with a group of 5 with an overall bill of $45 we thought was pretty decent (that includes the drinks) so I'd go back here for a quick bite. But remember you're not going to leave here thinking that this is the best of Las Vegas, but you'll leave content that you filled yourself without going over budget. I wonder if Rachel Ray's still doing her $40 a Day show....? Well Enjoy.
2	This TGI Friday's is similar to the one at Gold Coast, with the same 24 hour happy hour specials. This place is not as good as the one at Gold Coast. The portions were a bit smaller, yet the food was still good.
1	The service was way better than the food until a large party came in, then the waiter couldn't handle the 3 tables he had. The drinks, (which was a Washington Apple) was served in a extra large shot glass instead of a martini glass. Worst of all, it tasted like cranberry with a squirt of Crown!  Last Friday's for me!
4	The food is decent and it's open very late, 2AM weekdays, 3am on weekends.  Since many of the restaurants in Vegas aren't open late at night, it's a very reliable standby to get some decent food late at night.The Southwestern Mahi Mahi  or Shrimp Key West is great if you want something light, as many of the dishes tend to be on the heavy side, with alfredo-type sauces or cheese. I've also had their California Club (has avocado in it, very good) and one of the steaks (can't remember which one, but it was good).They have a ton of different drinks, but if you don't drink alcohol, try the cherry limeade slush, very yummy & refreshing.
2	Yeesh. The server was friendly and the place was open at 10pm. But it looks tired and dirty. From overuse not neglect. You have families with babies who drop fries all over the floor, spilled drinks, you name it. As for the food...must you ask? It's all the same, Chili's, TGIF, Applebee's, they get all their stuff from the same supplier. If you're a tourist, it's edible.
1	I was really disappointed with the service here. I went for a quick lunch on the Tuesday before Christmas and ordered  a draft beer and a burger. It took forever for the beer to come, even after I managed to intercept the server to ask about it. When it finally showed up it was flat, and I went through the process again to get a bottle instead, thinking they couldn't screw that up. Meanwhile, I could see the bartender practicing his bottle-flipping moves -and he wasn't very good at that either. The place was nearly empty but the server was usually nowhere to be seen. When the burger finally came, it was fine I guess, but I was too pissed off to enjoy it. I had to flag down caught the manager to get my check. Then I had to get her again to charge the meal to my room - they needed to use a different check for that, and no one asked me how I wanted to pay. The place was not very well run and seemed indifferent to the customers. I won't go back.
2	The clam chowder was kinda gross. But the lobster ravioli was delicious. The shrimp cocktail was pretty good, but its half price if u sit in the bar. The honey mustard chicken sandwich was gross. I couldnt even finish it, I had to leave and order something else in the food court. Waste of $. But I do have to say the angel hair pasta w/ grilled chicken and tomato & fresh basil was good. That I would order again. Just be careful what you order. Don't order something out of the ordinary. Who knows how it might turn out.  PS the margaritas were WAY too sweet.
5	TGI always good menu! The service was good and they have buckets of beer 5 for $10 and $5 margaritas. That is an awesome deal for any casino!!!
2	Ok this has to be the worst TGI's I have ever been too. The sliders were cold and flavorless. My daughters pizza looked like cold pizza hut pizza. My husband asked for his steak to be med rare it came well done.  When he mentioned it to the server he had them make another one. This time it seemed like the cook said you want it "rare mutha f'r" here you go. It was browned on both sides and blue and cold in the center. I believe that is rare not med rate. So the manager came agreed and took the steak off our bill. The server seemed to busy to even bring us refills. I asked for 3 waters to make sure that we has plenty to drink incase we ran out. All around horrible go to fudruckers if your gonna eat here at the Orleans.
5	My recent visit to Fridays was great! I ordered a 22 oz. glass of Bud Light and my boyfriend ordered a bottle of Land Shark. Both of which were only $3.00 thanks to the happy hour special. They have great prices on alcohol and appetizers during happy hour (which just so happens to be all day everyday). I ordered the Gourmet 5 Mac & Cheese, it was delicious! The boyfriend ordered the Jack Daniels burger and his was just as good. We had an amazing server named Margarita who was fast, very attentive, and provided awesome customer service. After both of our entrees and 4 beers, our total came to $25 and some change. I like that. The only thing I didnt like, is they didnt cater to the current promotion of all sandwiches and salads are $5 due to the fact that they are in a casino.
3	My husband and I ordered the Jack Daniel's steak & shrimp and the potstickers as an appetizer. As we were at our table I saw the bartender water down a couple of drinks (belonging to someone else) when they didn't quite make it to the rim. Immediately turned around and saw in big letters on the wall "Ultimate Cocktails." I couldn't help but laugh. I'm SO not a drinker so I don't even know if this is normal! Maybe a fellow yelper can clue me in? Anyway, potstickers were great as was the Ultimate Strawberry Shortcake we ordered for dessert. The steak was quite dry, the shrimp way too crunchy and the squash/zucchini was soggy. The Jack Daniel's sauce, mashed potatoes and broccoli were good though.
2	I went to this TGIF yesterday, and i order the babyback ribs. I feel as though they have left it out for a while or it was overcook, and it was also really dry. and maybe they just put bbq sauce on the ribs, but i do enjoy their buffalo wings. it was spicy just the way i like it.
1	I think T.G.I. Friday's is a fine establishment, especially for chain restaurants. But this spot is terrible. I've been here twice and have been thoroughly disappointed. The first time my problem was with the service. It took forever to be seated and to be served. The second time it was with the food. My wings were undercooked and my well done cheeseburger was pink. Then my date's well done burger was pink also, by that point she didn't even want to send it back because we already sent two things back. And on top of that the waitress took forever to return with the bill. I know some casino restaurants are crappy because they don't rely on repeat business and make it up with volume. But this one is pathetic. I will not be back to this one.
1	This place sucks. The food is so expensive and tastes like shit. The gm is a nazi psycho who treats all employees like garbage so obviously theyre not in the best mood when they serve you. i hate them. fridays at home rules way harder than this stupid place
3	the yards here are cheaper compared to that of the strip's.  but getting the yard to the strip can be rather tricky.Specialty: AmericanRecommendations for first timers: JackService: 8/10 Variety: 8/10, Parking: 9/10 marc out.
3	Dined: 4 / 1 / 2011 @ 10:33 pmOrdered: Long Island Ice Tea Mango Mai Tai Nachos   This T.G.I.Friday's is located inside the Orleans.  I came with my girlfriend and her brother.  Upon arrival there was no one in line.  I approached the hostess and she told me there would be a 10 minute wait if we wanted to have happy hour at the bar.  I gave her a confused looked as I glanced over to my right and saw 3 tabletops in the bar that were empty and prepped for the next guest.  I told her okay and sat on the 1 bench that they had for those who were waiting to be seated.  While waiting a couple came and was sat immediately in the regular dining area.  5 minutes after the couple's arrival, another group of 4 was sat immediately.  At this point, I was getting a little frustrated and just kept staring at the Hostess.  She stood there with two other hostess just talking amongst themselves.  She finally decided to seat us after  nearly useless minutes of wasting.  Within those 10 minutes, not one person left or entered the bar; so I have no clue what the wait was all about.    We mainly came here for a late night snack and enjoy some happy hour drinks.  Luckily our waitress was really nice and serviced us immediately.  She was very bubbly and had lots of energy.  If it wasn't for her, I would have definitely rated this place a 2 star.  The food was good and the happy hour prices were phenomenal.  Pros:* conveniently located inside Orleans (movies, bowling, dining, food under one roof)* Open late and TVs throughout the bar * Quick service (at the bar)Cons:* Horrible service at the hostess stand * Unprofessional demeanor at the hostess stand.* Difficult parkingTips:  * Ask to just sit at the Bar itself (not a table in the bar area) for faster      seating.* Sign up for their email list to receive points for future discounts and also receive a free appetizer via email confirmation message.I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but since the location is pretty convenient; I'll be fair and recommend this place to those who are not in favor or driving around kill the night.  This is a one stop shop and has numerous entertaining amenities to keep you busy and complete the night with cheap drinks/ cheap eats.
4	We were about to eat at Oyster Bar, but there wasn't a table to seat 8 people, so we went to TGI Friday's.  Wow, the food was actually pretty good.  Food from the kids' menu is just as big as the normal entrees.  If you have kids, order the ribs for $7, and you'll get more than a half-rack of ribs for half the price.  I ordered ribs and lobster.  The ribs were slightly overcooked.  I completely forgot that I was supposed to dip the lobster in the melted butter until we left.  I also tried the lobster carbonara pasta, which was the best out of all dishes.  The grilled shrimps from other entrees were nicely seasoned and grilled.  Overall, I enjoyed dinner.
2	we came by for lunch after checking out. i wanted nachos and mama wanted a salad. i figured this would be an ideal spot to facilitate those needs.the hostess who sat us was not very pleasant. she tried to seat us at the bar section, on a bar table. mind you, we have our luggage with us and didn't ask to be seated at the bar. when i asked her for a dining room booth, she looked less than thrilled to be burdened with this task. she may have even rolled her eyes behind her glasses. our server was a nicer individual. we ordered nachos and mama had a cobb salad. mama gets picky with her orders sometimes. this time she didn't get "too" picky. she did ask for NO bleu cheese though. we thought it was simple enough. i also asked for a lemon for my water. needless to say, i point those items out because they were not accomplished. the nachos were good and mama tolerated her salad. we ordered dessert, the brownie with ice cream. that was real good. would've gone with 3 stars, cause the server was nice. but, the hostess and the missed items make me have to drop one. call it 2.5
4	Before you ask what I was smoking when I gave this Friday's 4 Stars, hear me out.I came in here for a late dinner during the week. Probably around 9PM.  It wasn't too crowded and we got to sit down right away.The service was slow, I think they were probably spread thin. But our waiter was very friendly and other servers seem to help each other out.The food was pretty tasty,(I may have been hungry), but never the less I thoroughly enjoyed my Jack Daniels Steak and Shrimp Dinner.It did take a while for our food to come out which was surprising since there were not a lot of people in the restaurant, but I have no idea what the kitchen size/situation is for that place.
4	Happy hour makes this a good find.  They have a big margarita for six bucks.  Not bad.  Good flavor definitely not watered down.I gravitate towards the Jack Daniels menu items.  The ribs are 4 out 5 stars and they salads are definitely worth a look.
3	This Friday's was cool. We went on a not so busy day so that was a plus. Idk about my friends but I enjoyed it. It was no different then the Friday's in California. My artichoke dip was on point and my pasta was delish. I'd recommend Friday's over the buffet that the hotel offered.
1	I was here on the 4th of July because it was the only place open I could find at 11pm. Everything started off great. the hostess was nice and friendly. She gave us our menus and told us our server would be with us shortly.  It took him 10 minutes to finally show up. It wasn't busy at all. Don't know why it took him that long. He too our order for drinks and came back 5 minutes later.  At this point, I'm starting to get annoyed.  We finally ordered and he took our order and seemed confused. We had to tell him 3 times exactly what we wanted.  20 minutes later, our hostess was bringing our food, not the server. WTF? She apologized for the delay. I looked across the room and saw our server handing drinks to another table. Really? We were waiting a long time.  We were all pissed at this time and to make matters worse, he got one of the orders wrong. Nothing remotely to what we wanted. We didn't say anything because we wanted to eat and get the hell out.  I finished my drink and waited for the server to come by and offer a refill. I waited and waited and waited. He walked by our table at least 4 x and not once, bothered to check on how we were.  After 15 minutes, I finally got up and spoke to the manager. I explained to him what was happening and he asked me to described the server. I gave a brief description  and he stopped me by saying "Oh, that's Ryan" with a bit of bite in his tone. I guess Ryan  has had complaints before. The hostess brought our drinks and apologized again.  When it came time for the check, he actually brought it to our table, the nerve of that guy. He came back to pick up the check and to clear the table. The server dropped silverware on me as he was taking a plate off the table. Good thing I ate everything or else food would have landed on me. That was the last straw.   I signed the slip and where it says TIP, I wrote NONE. DOESNT DESERVE ONE. I have always left a tip behind and am always generous with 18-20%, but not this time. The food was good, but the service was horrible. Only good thing was the hostess. I should have tipped her since she was doing his job.
5	TGI  friday'sOne of my favorite places for a casual meal in a bar atmosphere!Mostly a fun place with mostly bar food. they're always busy so I give waiters a break if they take extra minutes for this or that.The food is always good I have tried almost everything on the menu and enjoyed every bite of it. This time I had the sirloin and baby back ribs and it was delicious. The desserts are out of this world and prices are down to earth. This is not a fast food restaurant, slow down and enjoy life! Try this place you'll enjoy it. Thank God I did.
1	This TGIF is horrendous if you sit anywhere, but the bar.  Slow service or no service every time I go eat there.  Then why do I go back?? Because my family put a gun to my head, tied me up,  and dragged me there so they can use their comps.  Ugh.  I noticed it doesn't matter which server I get.  They will seat you and sometimes it takes 10-15mins before anyone notices you didn't even get drinks or place settings. Then it takes another 15-20 mins before the server asks for your order.  Once you get your food, you better make sure you have everything you need when the server asks if you needed anything else otherwise you will not see her till she/he brings you the check.  It's like they go in the kitchen to chat or something.  The place isn't even busy during the times I've gone.  This franchise ruins TGIF's brand.
3	I usually eat at the Fridays on Sahara but tried this one out last night because I was seeing a movie at the Orleans.I have been here before and usually have a bad experience but this time was different I actually had a good time.We were sat immediately which is rare on a Saturday night at dinner time. Our server immediately greeted us and brought our drinks out right away. We ordered the Fried Green beans which came out hella fast and were delicious as always. I ordered the Jack Daniels Pulled Pork Sandwich which was tasty as always and my son had the kids pizza with fries and he scarfed that down.Overall this time I had a great experience service was good and food was delicious.
3	What can be said about TGI Friday's that hasn't already been said? Nothing. The correct answer is nothing. If you've been to one, you've been to all of them. No one is high-fiving about going there. No one is dropping to their knees in the rain crying "NOOOOO!!" with outstretched arms, either. The atmosphere is kitschy, the food is good but not great, the noise level is fairly high, the specials are decent. If you've never been to a TGI Friday's before (and if you have, I don't know why you're reading this), don't expect amazing things. Expect a meal you'll neither regret nor remember three days later. They do average better than anyone.
4	My co-workers and I have made our rounds to quite a few T.G.I. Fridays. The TGIF at the Orleans Hotel and Casino on Tropicana Avenue is our favorite. We usually sit at the bar for happy hour -- the food and drinks are inexpensive and the bartenders are quite conversational and very friendly. TGIF is generally a relaxed, fun atmosphere. The restaurant is clean and tidy, the service is great... We always have a good time! If you are in the mood to kick back with a few friends and grab some delicious snacks, then I would recommend the TGIF at the Orleans.
2	I've never reviewed a flat out franchise before, but I feel compelled to because I've never been to a TGI Friday's before and, more importantly, I have too much time on my hands.No, I didn't go to Vegas to eat at TGI Friday's. We really weren't feeling that long buffet line though. We were seated quickly and a server came out of nowhere and yelled "Hey HEY hey." Scared the hell out of me. I look at the menu and, unsurprisingly, most of that shit has meat in it. Even the salad! They chop up chicken and bacon in that shit. Mannn. I end up ordering this big ass potato with sauteed veggies in it. The heaviest vegetarian meal I've ever eaten. Pretty salty and really oily. Not really a complain, just something I noticed. Server was fine, food was adequate, I guess. I'll probably never come back. There's gotta be better restaurants in Las Vegas that aren't in smoke-filled casinos.
3	Not amazing, not terrible. The green bean fries are pretty good but the rest of the menu is blah.
4	Love the happy hour!This T.G.l Fridays is located in the Orleans Casino which is the closes one to me because I live in the far South West of Las Vegas. First impressions cute place, my boyfriend and I were seated by the bar area in these cute little booths perfect for 2 people. I didn't know it but I went during happy which was awesome, they had a small but nice selection of half off drinks and appetizers. The customer service here was awesome, our waiter wow! I even think he was a trainee maybe thats why he was so nice. Usually I don't fall for up sales but this guy could talk. So he up sold me into ordering some onion soup. Which was delicious, I love onion soup but T.G.I fridays recipe was a lot different then the onion soups I've been eating idk it was delish! I order a tomato basil pasta that my friend suggested me. The portions were huge! which is totally okay with me I love taking home left overs. In total two entree's a few shrimp cocktails, drinks, and onion soup came out to about $70 for two. Decent price for a great date night.
3	We ordered the Jack Daniel's burger along with the combo fries.  The burger was good but the Jack Daniel's flavoring was a little too sweet and thankfully they put it in a separate container.  I'm not a seet potatoe fries kinda guy but they were ok as well.  The service was good and the refills on our soft drinks were constant.  They even offered to make us a drink to go if we wanted to which is kinda cool.
4	Good food. Lots of choices. The Jack Daniels chicken strips are the best. The burgers are great too!
1	They do not have any of the special 2 or 3 course menus. Not worth the drive to this location. I would go to Sahara and Decatur or inside the suncoast. Def will not be coming back to this location. Don't want anyone else to waste there time coming here. Hope this helps
3	Good "big box" food joint, with lots of different options.  Nothing crazy good or crazy bad.  Chili's fraternal twin.
1	I know what to expect coming in to a place like this, food wise, but I wasn't prepared for how filthy it was.  The booth we sat in, right in front by the hostess stand, was just caked with crud on the walls.  Just sitting there made me feel dirty...but we were hungry, it was late, so we stayed.  The service was absolutely the WORST I have ever experienced.  Anywhere.  Our (frumpy) waitress never refilled our drinks, I had to chase down the hostess to get another round.  We waited about 50 minutes for our food to come out, and it was typical Friday's salty nosh.  The chicken with cheese was ok, although my ankles were swollen in the morning (as usual when I eat at Friday's the night before) due to the saltiness of their food.  After having to watch the degenerate gamblers and obnoxious loud fat people stroll in and out of there all night, we wanted to leave.  The waitress gave us our bill then disappeared.  I tried to flag her down, but we waited at least 15 more minutes.  We got fed up, counted out enough money to leave for the bill, and were even generous enough to leave her a $.17 cent tip.  I normally leave at least a 20% tip, even for crappy service, but crappy sevice is better than NO service.  This place needs better management...
3	I was waiting for my room to be ready and noticed Happy Hour was just starting.  Haven't been in a TGI's in about 15 years.  Plenty of seating at the bar that early and I ordered a Bass and the potato skins app.  The potato skins would have been enough for 3-4 people and I pushed down all but one.  They were OK and an excellent value at $6.  Service was all right.
3	TGI Fridays was on my radar as soon as the Las Vegas Wranglers kicked Colorados A*% @ the CMYE Hockey party. GO WRANGLERS..WOO HOO! Just having stadium nachos and three beers during a 3 hour game was definitely, not the end of my dinner plans for the night. My wife and I rushed over as soon as the game ended and sat in the bar. Our server was Ricky. He's a low talker for sure, but very nice, and knew what to say and when to say it. Fridays is just like every other commercialized restaurant around the universe. Old records, pictures, random rowing oars hanging on the walls, and constant striped patterns everywhere you look (probably even on the toilet seat covers). But they do have one thing that I was super stoked to see. They have a bell that you are supposed to ring if you received excellent service. Now, when I see a bell, all I want to do is ring it.....hard! I was hoping Ricky, would be killer in the service game, so I could ring that bell. Fingers were crossed.To start out, my wife really wanted the "Loaded Potato Skins"(refer to pic), which I have never had before, anywhere. So I figured, alright, I'm down. They weren't exactly "Loaded", or very good. Bacon, yes, is always good on everything, BUT.. the thing they go on still has to have flavor! It can't just be some semi-soggy, piece of cardboard. Anyways, no bueno on the skins. For our entrees, we both ordered the "Jack Daniels Chicken Sandwich"(refer to pic). The sandwich looked good, and came with (over)seasoned fries. The sandwich alone was pretty bad, but when you drizzle the delicious Jack Daniels BBQ sauce all over, it becomes pretty tasty! Not amazing by any means, but good. The fries that came with were just way over seasoned. They were so salty, I found myself shaking each one, trying to knock off all the seasoning, before attempting to eat them. During this ongoing battle with my food, Ricky brought both of us refills, made some small chat, and ended with a smile. I'm not big on complaining about food, and figured it wasn't that big of a deal at the time. For dessert we had the Chocolate Caramel, and Pecan Explosion (forgot the name, but thought this sounded awesome)(refer to pic). This dessert was actually very good. It put a nice, big smile on our face's. The chocolate brownie was topped with vanilla ice cream, and chopped pecans. Very moist brownie, covered in rich, flowing chocolate sauce. Nomnom.Before we left, I had to ring that bell. Ricky was a good server, and I went for the bell. Let me tell you..., it felt so good to ring that bell, I would go back just for that feeling again. All-in-all, bell ringing is amazing and everyone should have a good bell ring daily. Head to Fridays for your bell fix today.
1	Terrible service. Went on Super Bowl night and after being seated we waited for 15 minutes without  even one server coming to our table to greet us much less take our order. We saw 5 servers watching the game instead of doing their job so we left. On the way out we spoke to the  hostess about the problem. She apologized, but they need to do a better job.
1	Just terrible. Sat down and didn't see a server for 10 minutes. Took our orders and had to track her down afterwards. The salad was HORRIBLE and was so limp, i couldn't pierce it with my fork. After asking and being informed that they had one large hopper of lettuce, she even asked if i wanted another salad. HELLO!!!!! It's the same lettuce!!!!!! Just bad bad bad all around.
4	Service is great and the atmosphere is cool.My gf and I are fans of TGI Friday and have been to multiple ones in Vegas. I just hate to say but the food at this one was not nearly as good as the other ones. We were disappointed because at places like this you look for consistency but this one wasn't prepared as well as when we went to the others. The service and everything were great which is why I gave it a 4 star but I will definitely just go to the other ones.
4	This is usually my go to place at the orleans for drinks and having a good dinner! I love the Jack D ribs and shrimp combo. Service is pretty good! Only waited a couple of minutes before a waiter showed up. Food is always hit the spot!
1	Absolutely terrible food. Paying a dinner price for lunch leftovers is anathema to my wife and me. The wait staff are superb, and very nice. The Orleans has other places to eat on site, so avoid this one at all cost.
3	Decided to try here with a friend for happy hour as it was the closest one to us. This TGIF is located inside the Orleans casino. The wait wasn't too long even though it seemed fairly busy.It was sad to hear they didn't participate in the $3 Thursday appetizer & drinks or 2 for $10 app n entree. They did have a happy hour that had different specials. $6 appetizers cept for seafood and samplers. $3-4 beers and well drinks, $5 sangrias and $6 ultimate drinks. We caught them near the end of their midday happy hour, no specials between 7-9pm. By the time my friend wanted to order a 2nd drink, our server informs us that happy hour had ended. Not that it was required, but most places I go for happy hour usually my server will be courteous enough to give a heads-up when happy hour's about to end so we can get our orders in. Maybe I'm spoiled? hahaFood was ok, nothing amazing, nothing horrible for the most part. My friend's cheesecake apparently had been sitting out too long as the outside of it was pretty hard and dried. Next time I want happy hour at TGIFridays I might have to try another location and hope they participate in the good specials.
2	We don't have a TGI Friday's in my hometown, so my boyfriend and I specifically planned to visit this location on our recent trip to Vegas.We were seated right away, which is always nice.  We then waited at our table for 10-15mins for anyone to even greet us or smile our direction.  When our server finally arrived, the FIRST words out of her mouth were "I'm exhausted."  She then proceeded to complain to us about her last table as an excuse as to why we had to wait so long just to get waters.We had enough time to decide what to order as we waited so long.  I decided to try the special the hostess told me about: steak and lobster for $13.99.  What I didn't know is that it was on a time limit.  The server had the nerve to look at her watch after making us wait 15 minutes and tell me I "barely made it" in time to order that.  I also order a cocktail at this time.After waiting another 10 minutes, she finally brought my sangria followed by another 15-20 minute wait for our entrees.  Let me tell you.  This was the MOST unappetizing meal I've ever had to eat.  I am not usually a complainer--even when I'm starving I eat some pretty crazy foods.The lobster was not "de-turded (for lack of a better word)" and my medium rare steak was too tough to chew.We did speak to the store manager who willingly comp'ed us some items, but I left underwhelmed and still hungry after not being able to bring myself to finish my meal.
1	My husband and I were in Vegas just last week, April 16-20, and we stayed at the Orleans, which is where this particular Friday's is located.  If I could, I would give a "0" star rating.  It will be a very long time, if ever, before we return.  We decided to eat at Friday's on Friday evening, April 19, which was our last day in Vegas. After having a drink or two at the Alligator Bar, we decided we wanted something to eat.  We walked over to Friday's and it was only about 11:45 p.m.  We were the only 2 people waiting in line and the hostess was nowhere in sight.  We saw people cleaning up tables and mopping the floors, and finally a gal looked over and asked us if we'd like to be seated.  That should have been my first indication that the dining experience was only going to go down from there.  We were seated, and Sara, a server, came over to take our drink order.  After a few minutes, she came back to take our dinner order.  My husband ordered a chicken dish and also a Caesar's salad.  Sara placed our food order and that was  about the last time she paid attention to us.  She totally forgot about my husband's Caesar's salad.  Evidently she felt it was more important to stand in the hallway and take pictures of some balloons that were up front.  Besides Sara, there were 4-5 other Friday's employees doing the same thing.  It was more important that they look at the pictures on their cell phones instead of paying attention to their customers!  Considering the restaurant was hardly busy, we waited about 30 minutes before our food came out.  When it did, it was just absolutely horrible.  My husband's chicken dish was so salty he could barely eat it; and the cheese that covered the chicken was totally burnt in many places.  I ordered Korean tacos (I think that's what they were called) and I was not impressed at all.  Very little meat; too many greens carelessly tossed inside the corn tortillas; and it didn't look or taste anything like the way it was described in the menu. Right before our food came out, Sara came over to our table to tell my husband that she "just realized" she forgot his salad!  Of course she did, because the cell phone was far more important to her!  Thankfully, we were not charged for the salad.  In the meantime, two more diners came into the restaurant.  They, too, were totally ignored by the employees.  Finally, the gentleman had to literally chase down a server and asked them if Friday's was still open!  Finally, after about 5-7 minutes, this couple was seated.  By this time, my husband and I were so upset we decided that we needed to speak to a manager.  Sara came over to ask how our food was, my husband said it wasn't a good experience and he wanted to talk to a manger.  Sara did get the manager and we expressed our displeasure.  The manager was nice enough to not charge my husband for his dinner and she did give us some gift certificates for complimentary appetizers and desserts.  However, the entire experience left me with very negative feelings about Friday's.  I don't know who does the training at this particular Friday's, but something is sorely missing.  Since when does a hostess station remain empty on a Friday night?  Customers should NOT have to chase down employees in order to get seated.  And the servers should not be standing in the hallway looking at pictures on their cell phones!  This is not "service".  After we complained to the manager, all of a sudden, the servers were doing their jobs.  It shouldn't have had to come to that!  Sara was one of the worst servers I've ever had.  If she's that poor of a server on a relatively slow night, I cringe to think how she is when it's busy!  Needless to say, Sara was not given a tip.  We do not tip for poor service and forgetfulness.  We've eaten at this Friday's in the past and we always had good food and service.  What happened on the Friday night we were there was just inexcusable.  If Sara and company don't want to work on a Friday night, they picked the wrong industry.  I do not recommend this Friday's at all, unless you enjoy being ignored, forgotten and served sub-par food.  I don't, and that's why I won't be returning to Friday's when I stay at the Orleans in the future.  I'd rather get a bag of junk food from the Orleans' gift shop before I go back to Friday's!
3	Go for the 13.99 Steak and Lobster special, stay for the...well, don't stay. Just eat and leave, cause this is TGI Friday's and the rest of Las Vegas is just outside your door!Servers were friendly, food was average, decor was as expected...everything was just as expected. If you've made the mistake of staying in Vegas too long and you want to feel like you're back at TGI's wherever you're from...well, this one is here for you.
5	Everything was wonderful from the food to the waitstaff! Everyone's food was fresh and delicious. I'd certainly eat here again!
3	Good God...parmesan meatballs!   Take a meatball, bread it, deep fry it, and serve it with marinara and mozzarella!  Just wish the service was more consistent.  We ate here more than once on the trip.  Lunch was great - greetings at the door, prompt/friendly service, and good food.  The late night dining not so much.  No greeter, no water when we ordered, no silverware with the food, no one to bring the check.  Hmmmm...  Need a little work.  I understand it's late, but if the restaurant is going to offer late night hours they need to be sure the guest experience is up to standards.
4	All I want to eat at TGI Friday's is the Baby Back Ribs, but my husband talked me out of it, and we did the appetizer "grazing" thing.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We had the Thai Pork Tacos, Parmesan Meatballs, Bacon Mac and Cheese Bites, and the Loaded Potato Skins.  It was awesome!  Our waiter was VERY attentive and offered to re-fill my soda several times.  He was right there when my husband finished his beer and quickly offered to get him another.  I soooo miss TGI Friday's in Hawaii!!!
4	Pretty good service. The appetizers were amazing and love the happy hour!! Bartender and hostess were nice!
5	We like coming here for one reason excellent service.  We are regulars at this place and we really appreciate the customer service from all the managers.  In the past they have helped us so many times.Kristen was our waitress today, she's nice.   She knows what we drink by heart and will always take care of us.  She really knows the meaning of customer satification.While we were here watching the NFL Jets vs. Pats game.  A tall bartender that saw a customer left his suitcase and he tried to get it back to him.  How nice was that?  Hopefully that man remembered where he left it..I'm sure we'll be back for more half priced apps, I even signed up for a stripes card.  In the bar area Mon-Sat from 5 PM - 7 PM & 9 PM - 2 AM is half priced apps. On Sunday are half priced apps ALL DAY.Sign up for their Give Me More Stripes account, opt for the emails & text messages if you can.  I get amazing email offers every so often. I also fill out the surveys on the receipt for an $8 app.
4	How this place gets a two star and others get a 4 rating mystifies me. The food is predictably good. It isn't a top line steakhouse, but you don't pay those prices. Not to mention that it is designed to accommodate sports fans with the numerous televisions. The staff is courteous and they have great specials. We had steak and lobster for $15. We took advantage of the special a couple of times while there. I like TGIF's in general, and this being in a great casino, Orleans, is just an added benefit.I will definitely go back the next time we visit in a few months!
4	I love TGIF ever since but I never wrote a review.  The food is good, the dessert is not to miss and their happy hour on drinks is cherry on top.  This one inside The Orleans is great place to dine after or before going to the movies or bowling (or to gamble for the gamblers).
2	We are locals in Las Vegas, we get tickets to concerts at the Orleans, so tgi's is the logical place to eat. Not the best, service there is not very good, it is hit and miss, sometimes we get great service sometimes horrible service! We went there on Nov. 10th for the Kenny Wayne Shepherd concert, the hostess sat us and took our drink orders and only brought water, not the beer my hubby order. We had to order from a waitress, did that got our drinks and appitizer, but hubby ordered the garlic shrimp that was supposed to be served on risotta style rice, uh what is that?? We thought risotta, not so..just burnt rice, in fact it was all burnt. We had no time to re order as we had a concert to get to. Just be sure when you go, order a burger or basic food, get there with plenty of time in case you bad service. Don't expect too much!
4	I have had annoying visits with the Fridays in the past, but I decided to give it another try. I am pleased I did. I came in with my boyfriend for apps and drinks before a Tuesday movie. The Service: Very fast and the server was very friendly. The Drinks: Exactly what I expectedThe Food: YUM. We shared their new "tapas" menu. I LOVED the Mac bites. My boyfriend cant wait to try their meatballs again. The Price: $40, not great but not bad either. The only downfall? I was too full for a whiskey cake for dessert.
4	Pretty good experiences all the times we've been here.We love the Jack Daniels grilled items and sauce. Parmesan steak fries are amazing by the way.This time our server Christina (with red tinted hair) was pretty awesome. Our drinks was always refilled and we had everything we needed from the get go. She did an awesome job and I would recommend to ask for her, especially since past reviewers are unhappy with the other waitresses service.Food is pretty decent for a chain restaurant. Nothing too spectacular, however nothing extremely horrible. For thai tacos, two steaks and shrimp,two sides, and sodas the bill was $61, not bad!
4	Had dinner here before a Wranglers game on a Friday night. I was cautiously optimistic about eating here because I know these kinds of places can be hit or miss, but we had a nice time. There was a pretty long line outside waiting for tables (both dining room and bar) but it went by fast. We sat in the bar area to have the Happy Hour specials. $6 apps, $5 sangrias, $3 bottled beer. The Food: We got the pretzel sticks, pretty yummy, I think they were fried, which is different than I am used to, but I still liked them. Potato skins were yummy, good sized and there were a ton of them. Loaded skillet chip nachos were delicious, loved the cheese. The Drinks: Raspberry Sangria, pretty sweet, definitely needed food to help balance it out, but I enjoyed it. The Service: Everyone from the hostess to the waitress was very nice. Waitress was very attentive and checked up on us several times.Overall a good dinner experience and a place I would certainly choose over a Chilis or Applebees.
3	American restaurant, bar, dim lighting, and don't forget a big screen TV at the bar area. Unfortunately it's not all around the restaurant. The service we had was nice, food came out fast and hot. I got the shrink chicken pasta and it was served with a spoon.. They gave me a spoon so I had to wait about 5 minutes for the server to come by again to get a fork and the top layer was already cold. I would come here once in a while, not often though.
2	I am grading the food. To me, the basics have to be right before I can judge the whole meal. I like soup and salad along with my meal and I REALLY wanted salad with blue cheese dressing. Turns out they are serving a "new White Cheddar Broccoli soup" which is one of my favorites. Soup should not plop, should not be goopy and shouldn't look like someone just opened campbells cream of mushroom and dumped it cold into your bowl. Yes, it was hot, but still that is how it looked and it tasted like overly salted canned soup. I guess you can't mess up lettuce but the "blue cheese dressing", pretty sure that was straight mayo. For these two items, which tonight were all I ordered, they were TERRIBLE! I paid my tab and left after two bites (one of each).  I have had other meals here that were okay, not superb or even great but mediocre. I just think that the basics should be considered.
5	The prime rib loft should take a lesson frim these guys! Busy Monday night these guys rocked! Got me seated n the bar server was very busy food was hot beer cold not rushed and felt like I was at hone. It kinda stunks eatung alone but my server took great care of me! comort food and a couple of beers!!
1	Horrible ribs, horrible service, I will never come back here again. I am speaking this as a person who used to work as a waiter back in my college days. At first, we ordered bbq baby back ribs and food was overcooked and dry. Waiter's name was Dean and he was clumsy, nearly dropped the food at my friend. Well, s*** happens. I used to be a waiter for a sushi restaurant and I've had my bad days. So we were compensated by getting different entree. By the time we got our food, we lost our appetite but still finished the shrimp pasta. We asked for our check to pay the bill. It took him 20 minutes to close our tab because he couldn't get his priorities straight. I recall having bad, clumsy days, such as putting entrees one over the other and end up squashing the bottom entree, spilling drinks, but I've never kept my patrons waiting. I would close out the tabs and let the patrons go so that new customers can come and take the seats. I would never come here again. Rather go to oyster bar next door or drive outside since there are so many restaurants. I've had enough patience and tolerance with this place since I used to be a waiter myself.
3	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #156 - #365It was my last night at the Orleans and I wanted to have some cheap before going back to the room. Walking around the casino, I saw TGIF, figured it's just like any other Fridays.There was no wait so I just quickly walked in and sat in the bar area. Service was quick and I ordered a glass of beer and some chicken wings. Food was on par like with any other Friday's franchise and the wings were tasty with mild wings sauce. Lucky for me I was able to charge it to my room so I cab earn some points for my stay.
3	Convenient location in the casino. Slow service though and sirloin was not that good tonight- lined with a layer if tough fat. Used my entertainment book coupon so that helped and nice that you can charge to your room. We 'll be back but I'll order something different.
1	decided to go out for a late night dinner and ended up at tgi Fridays in the Orleans. Our server's name was Julie...I think. Gave us the WORST service ever. Looked like she was in hurry because she dropped off our and check at the same time. Like expected us to just eat and leave. So we tipped her the minimum of 15% because of her lack of service.
2	Dinner after our movie date night! It was a clean setup and friendly service. We got seats in a timely manner. Our waitress was funny and gave great dessert suggestions so I truly appreciated that.I wasn't too happy at the end of the meal when I saw the bill. Not because I was charged for something I didn't get but because for the amount we paid we could've gotten the French market buffet next door all day pass. I got ribs and lobster so the prices seemed appropriate. However, after it was time to pay one tends to correlate the price you pay to the satisfaction one feels. And I didn't feel fully satisfied. The food was good but not $60 good. The only thing I really enjoyed was the Oreo ice cream pie dessert. If it hadn't been for that I would've probably given a 1 star review. Also like I said, my server was nice so luckily for TGIF it was fine there too.But from now on I will probably go there just for that dessert, nothing else there is worth that kind of money.
2	Last visit to vegas went to the one at the aliante, which I would say is better overall esp in service and atmosphere. Got the $10 unlmtd app- potato skin & buffalo wings. Potato skins couldve had more on them, and when I bit into a rotten skinned one and asked to get something else since they're all $10 I was told no but could get a new order. Dissapointing. Waitress was pretty good but the atmosphere of an older group staring@ me & my husband was akward. Is it cuz we r interracial? Got more food than u? Idk... but made me u comfortable. Went at 1am btw. And all potato skin orders had @ least 1 rotten skinned spot on a potato. Not too good wont suggest that to anyone. Beach bum drink (alcoholic) sucked. Mostly pineapple juice & no garnishes. Wings were good and so were the ultimate grand margaritas. Prob wont come again though
1	I went from saying "Thank god it's Friday" to saying "this is the worst diarrhea I've ever had" on Saturday.
2	As a chain I like TGIF due to their Jack Daniels Ribs which are outstanding, but I came to the TGIF in "The Orleans" because a buddy wanted to hit up some $10 all you can eat appetizers. We chose mozzarella sticks and boneless wings. Mozzarella sticks were fresh and tasty with hot melted cheese right out of the fryer but they don't give you enough marinara so we had to keep asking. They sprinkle some parmesan on top which is nice.Boneless wings never tasted like they were hot and fresh but not bad considering we got 4 orders of each...that's 8 appetizers for $20.Service was extremely friendly but the servers minds were on another planet1. Ordered boneless wings...were brought potato skins the first time.2. Ordered Dr. Pepper, got diet coke.3. Ordered blue cheese for wings, got ranch...told them again we wanted blue cheese, NOT ranch...still brought us ranch.The atmosphere in the New Orleans is horrible, we were sitting at the tables outside near the casino and for 20 minutes the alarms were going off inside the casino as though there was a fire...and the alarm kept going and going and going...no one turned it off for a crazy amount of time considering it was a false alarm...didn't enjoy eating through that. Also parking there is ridiculous.
2	I was here about two weeks ago, but forgot to write a review. Food was good, loved the peach sangria, but our server was horrible. My friend left our table to go to the bathroom. She passed by our server who was talking sh*t about us to  the other servers. Rude! Never coming back! We still tipped her 20% since we all work in the restaurant industry. I regret doing that, what were we thinking!?
4	This place always has great food! Very impressed that our server Lance and his co workers handled our huge party of 28! Some seemed a little overwhelmed at first but it was pretty smooth rolling. Its always good to have a server that is laid back with a good sense of humor :) Loved the beer combinations. I had the snakebite. Great combo! Can't beat the Jack Daniels Burger! Yum! Kudos to the staff!
1	This is the worst fridays. I have given them chance after chance and they always get my orders wrong and the quality is severely lacking. Dont eat here
1	-Waited for a table for 15 minutes, the restaurant wasn't busy at all. -Waited 15 minutes for our server to greet us & take our drink order, again there was 6 tables occupied. -Server was the SLOWEST I've ever had! -Waited about 30 minutes to order our food!-Had to wait another 15 minutes for our SERVER to bring eating utensils then said I'm sorry I made you eat with your hands!!! (Good thing we ordered appetizers!)-Tried to speak with a manager was told they were really busy.-Last but not LEAST emailed Guest Relations, was promised a phone call back, never received ANY contact back from ANY TGIF member(s). -WILL NEVER GO TO A TGIF!
5	We love coming here to eat. Before we get seated at a table, we always ask for Brooke. She's amazing...fun to talk with in general. She's our go to server when available. Food is always great, you can't miss out on their dessert either. I love that it's at a casino. We always play a little after lunch. Or watch a movie upstairs at their theatre.
2	Food is terrible. Why did I eat here again?? Only bc its right next to the movie theater and I wanted to eat a quick dinner before watching Annabelle. Our cocktails sucked too. I ordered the flounder and the bf had salmon. He didnt like his food, my flounder was extremely dry and it was a struggle trying to chew and swallow it. Didnt even bother finishing the rest of my sides, they looked like theyd taste like cardboard. Gross food. Staff is ok.
4	Our waiter was from Detroit and way cool dude. Bottomless boneless wings were very good and able to take a bunch home. The bar area was loud and didn't like that.
1	Wish I could give LESS than one star as this was the WORST dining experience I've EVER had. Food AND service were BEYOND terrible. We had salmon with lobster and steak with lobster.  No amount of steak sauce or ketchup could improve the taste of the rubbery food. These miserable entrees took OVER 35 minutes to arrive and were BOTH cold!  The waitress, Autum, had no explanation for the delay and did not return to our table to refill our almost $4.00 drinks! She further dragged her feet with with the bill. Took almost ten minuets to bring the bill and another to charge us.  The manager offered free desserts as compensation but I did NOT want to waste any more of my time or taste any other awful dishes from this establishment, which I will never return to.
2	We used to love to go to this TGI Friday's but about a year ago the service & quality of food was degraded. Yesterday we decided to give them another try using take out because I was having a meeting for lunch. When I walked in there was no one waiting for a table and 3 staff members standing around chatting. I said, I wanted to place a take out order. The young man pointed me in the direction of the bar and said at the end is where they take the orders from the bartender. Ok 1st of all its a SUNDAY in a CASINO in LAS VEGAS. the bar was packed. no seats at the bar or any of the tables. I hipped my way though the crowd and stood at the end of the bar. 25 minutes. 1 bartender. Who puts 1 bartender in a bar on a Sunday in football season in Vegas?  I waited. and waited.and waited. She talked to the service station people. she chatted up the people at the bar. she flirted with the guy who was sitting 3 seats down from where I was standing. she chatted with 2 girls who were standing next to me having a convo but NEVER once said.. CAN I HELP YOU. for 25 minutes. I had all my order prewritten on a green post it (so if anyone from this Friday's is reading you'll know who i was) Finally a woman in street clothing came behind the bar and have a few minutes of chit chat -- she (the bartender) pointed in my direction. she came over - not that she could hear me, so i gave her my list and asked if she could understand it.. THEN the bartender decided to come peek over her shoulder. I said.. Do you know how long it will take (thinking i'd sit in the lobby) she said at least 30 minutes.. I said well i've been standing here 25.  The bartender rolled her eyes and said.. we're really busy. Really?  I didn't notice. at which point i snatched my list back and left. but not before making a sweep though the dining room to count 12 tables. and the 3 staff members were back in the lobby chatting. Now my biggest issue is that who in the TGI Friday's corporate HQ thought it would be a GREAT idea for 2go orders being placed in a bar?  to go - unless you are in NYC or SFO - usually means you are going to get into your car and drive. I actually ended up at a stand alone TGI Fridays about 3 miles away. again sent to the bar to order and this time very prompt service but the bartender kept coming over and saying are you sure you dont' want a drink? finally i said. drinking and driving don't mix. WTG Fridays. You win the day.  (that's sarcasm, btw)
3	We always enjoy at least one meal at this TGIF each time we stay at The Orleans, which is 2-3 times a year. We've never had bad service. We have had times where servers didn't check on us because they were busy with too many tables at once, which usually means they're understaffed, but this one always has a lot of employees working at the same time, mainly chitchatting at the hostess section up front, so I'm not sure what the issue is. The food is generally good. The 3-6 steak and lobster "bargain" isn't really, you get about 2 bites of overcooked lobster tail. My biggest complaint is the dinner side salads. I always have a Caesar salad when I eat at any TGIFs - don't think I'll be doing that with this location anymore. Their dressing tastes like a lime vinaigrette... not disgusting, but not Caesar, either - and I always seem to get lots of the "nasty" bits of lettuce, which I leave in the bowl, it's just a waste to order a salad here. Other than a few issues, this location is decent - not a fave, but it's better than the trouble of leaving the hotel and dine elsewhere. Plus we always get a BOGO dessert coupon when we check in, so that helps!
1	Worst fckn experience ever! We went here last week after watching hunger games and this rude ass host (young girl w/ glasses) just literally looked at us for a few seconds and looked away after we asked to seat a group of 6 people...like are you fckn kidding me?! We asked again and mind you, we asked politely. She never acknowledge us after that...she looked miserable w/ her job. I've never been so fckn pissed in my life that this stupid, rude Bitch had to ruin Fridays. My friends and I were so appalled that we decided to go somewhere else.
4	Really like Happy Hour here. The price is right!    My only complaint, which is not unique to Fridays, it's a lot of bars, is the seating that is 97% high tables. I use a wheelchair, and there is only one table in the bar at my height, otherwise, the table is at my eye level. I was accommodated by the staff and the understanding people at the one low table, but I would hope I wouldn't be forced to eat/drink at a high table to enjoy the Happy Hour prices only available in the at area.
4	Let's just say right on time. Sunday night with my lady happy hour almost everything. The staff on top of there game for a Sunday Funday. Relax drink eat an appetizer and caught up on espn with friends or whom ever. This TGIF was prefect for being on this inside of a casino.
4	This is a great place to chill out. My girlfriend & I came at 11pm on a Sunday, it was still happy hour until midnight. We ordered Jack Daniels Sauce Chicken Wings, Shrimp & Margaritas. I was full & a little tipsy when i left. Our server was great very friendly and attentive :)
