4	My husband and I have been here a few times.  And like the other review, we were the only patrons there the whole time.  The food there is great, fresh, and very tasty!  We have not ordered anything we have not liked yet.
5	I've lived here in AZ for just under two years now and this place has the best Chinese food I can find!  I was shopping at Fresh and Easy next door and saw this restaurant.  I'm a big fan of Asian food so I decided to stop in even though it looked deserted.  There were not any other customers dining for the first half of the meal, but then a slow flow of people started to come in.  The staff is very friendly and attentive and the whole place is inviting.  The decor is a modern Asian fusion that is very clean and pleasing to the eye.  The food is always fresh, perfectly cooked and seasoned, and you get a lot for what you pay.  My favorites have been the shrimp tempura (The shrimp are huge and delicious!), black bean chicken, mushroom chicken, and the honey walnut shrimp.  I hope this place stays around because it is exactly what I was looking for and I need my shrimp tempura fix at least once a month now!
4	Please don't tell anyone about this little secret. Lets keep this little jewel all to ourselves. As a frequent Chinese food enthusiast and someone who lives in the west valley and on a consist basis is willing to drive to Flo's on Frank Lloyd Wright and Thompson peak for Kick Ass Chinese food. This place makes that drive a lot less frequent. I don't want to talk to much about this place because I don't want alot of people to find out about the best Chinese in the west valley but I want you all to make sure you visit it. We need to support this place and other non chain businesses. Did I mention the best Chinese food in the west valley by far. This is coming from a chef.
4	Great place, and great prices.  They have something for everyone on the menu and the portions are fabulous.  Lots of options for everyone to choose from.  One thing I love that a lot of places don't do is when it's listed as spicy it is spicy!  Everything is flavorful and delicious, we've only done take out so far but the service is always fabulous which I find with take out is sometimes forgotten.
1	We heard great things about this place so we thought we'd try it.  Maybe it was a bad night....but we had terrible service and food.  They never came over to refill our drinks or check to see how our meal was.  When they finally came over at the end of our meal to see if we needed anything else and to bring us the bill.......we told the waitress that the chicken dish was terrible and we didn't eat it.  Her response was, "would you like to take it to-go"?  Um....NO, didn't you just hear we said it was terrible?  They didn't take it off the bill either which is what she should have done.   Like I said....maybe they had a new cook and waitress that night because we have heard from others that it is good....just not for us!!  Very disappointing!!
3	I like Eest, especially for takeout, especially General Tso's Chicken. Just had it for the third time and this time the cook threw in a little fresh sage along with the traditional spices, making it especially sophisticated. Steer clear of the shrimp appetizer, though, and the one time I tried the kung pao chicken there were a couple off flavors.The guy who runs the place is very nice and very smart. Avondale really needs Eest!
4	Worth the drive and more!!  This absolute gem in the west valley is exactly what we need to have and support.  a family owned business that is TOP NOTCH!!  The food was exquisite and the service responsive and attentive.  I am a HUGE fan.
2	The girlfriend and I went on Yelp looking for a good Chinese restaurant to eat at on Valentine's Day.  Plenty of good reviews so we called to make sure we'd be able to be seated without much wait.  The lady that answered said no worries.  Great for 8:00 PM on Valentine's Day!We arrive and the first thing I notice is the decorations and lighting.  Everything looks very welcoming and modern.  The lighting is perfect and the layout is very inviting.  We seat ourselves at a booth and notice there are 6 other tables that are seated.  We wait...  Then we wait some more...  Finally, a young girl comes and brings us each a menu and a sheet showing the Valentine's Day special.  We look at the menu and both agree that the Crab Rangoon's look like a delicious appetizer.  I decide I'll have the General Tso's Chicken and my girlfriend is in the mood for the Curry Chicken.  Both items have a small chili icon indicating extra spice.  Perfect as we both love spicy Thai food.We wait some more.  The initial girl that brought us our menu after we waited when we first arrived hadn't taken a drink order from us or brought us water.  There were 4 servers/employees taking orders this night, mind you.  After a 10 minute wait, a young gentleman finally comes and asks us if anyone has taken our order yet.  I tell him no and he apologizes and takes our order.  He asks if my girlfriend would like white or brown rice with her dish.  Mine comes with white rice by default.  Our drinks arrive fairly quickly along with our Crab Rangoons.The Rangoons are amazing.  The creme cheese and the crab melt in our mouths and the sweet and sour sauce is perfect in consistency and sweetness.  It even includes a tasty side salad on the plate with a peanut sauce lightly over top.  The breading is light and crispy.  Some of the better Crab Rangoons we've had.  I wipe my hands after finishing the appetizers with the only small drink napkin they brought us.My plate arrives.  The chicken looks delicious.  The sauce looks perfect and the breading looks awesome.  My white rice comes as well.  My girlfriend waits another 3 or 4 minutes for her plate to arrive.  I wait for hers to arrive as well.  When it comes, the curry looks and smells extra flavorful.  She waits for her brown rice.I decide to try some of my chicken and rice.  I give my girlfriend a bite as well.  The sauce is good but not spicy.  The breading is great.  The chicken is poor quality.  Nearly every other bite has chicken that is very fatty or what I like to call "full of tendons".  I eat one bite and end up politely spitting my next bite into my napkin.  I flag down a server and tell him that her brown rice hasn't arrived yet.  He tells me "I think we are out of brown rice.  Let me go check."  Nobody told us they were out before when we ordered the curry chicken nor did they tell us they didn't have any when they brought her dish.  They must have conveniently forgot.He comes right back and confirms they are out of brown rice.  No apology.  No asking if she's like white rice as a substitute.  I share my white rice with my girlfriend.  I eat half of my dish as the majority of my chicken is large clusters of meat that are fatty and/or chewy.  The curry chicken my girlfriend ordered is thinly cut and good quality meat.  I eat several bites.  Not spicy.  The entire time we eat our dinner, the several servers that are working approach the 6 tables on rare occasion.  We are never approached once to ask how we're enjoying our meal.  If we'd like a refill.  Nothing.I leave my half plate on the table and my girlfriend leaves what she can't eat on her plate.  We sit, talk and enjoy each others company.  We've set our plates towards the end of the table and made it obviously clear to anyone that we are ready for our check.  We make a point to see how long it takes before someone comes and ask if we'd like a box and ask if we are ready for our check.  After 15 minutes, a lady approaches us and asks if we'd like a box.  I say "Yes please" politely.  She takes our food and boxes it and comes back with our check.  I notice we've been charged for the brown rice that they were out of.  I bring the check up to the front and point out the mistake.  No apology.  "That's right.  We didn't have any brown rice."She fixes the check and comes back to our table shortly after.  When she lays down the check, she starts taking the remaining items off of our table.  Never any acknowledgment towards us.  Never any questions about our dinner.  Nothing.  A young girl runs to our table and brings us a complimentary rose as it's Valentine's Day (this wasn't unique to us as they gave a rose to every table when they were finished).  The service was terrible and my chicken was made from low quality parts it seemed.  If it was busy and they weren't properly staffed, I would have gladly understood the lack of service.  There was no excuse on this night.  I'll never come here again.
4	Food was delicious, portions were great, and price was very reasonable! Highly recommend
5	I was impressed with this place. I had the Mongolian Lamb and an Asahi beer. It totaled $14.00 before tip which I thought was reasonable for dinner and especially for a lamb dish. The portions were very generous and even though I was starving when I stopped in, I ended up only eating about half of the meal before getting full. It was delicious. Tender lamb and a great sauce.The waiter was very polite and helpful and the food came out pretty quickly. It was very comfortable inside and the decor was tasteful. I did not expect that one of the best Chinese restaurants (of course in my opinion) would be located in Avondale. I feel bad for frequenting the Pei Wei on Dysart and McDowell so often when a non-chain place of this caliber is right up the road.
5	This place is Great!  The food is freshly cooked to order and the portions are big enough that 2 people could share a meal.  The crab ran-goon is amazing.  The atmosphere is pleasant enough that it suites as an any type occasion restaurant.  It is also family friendly and any dress code will work.  They have a very large menu to select from along with foreign beer and wines.  If you enjoy wine their plum wine is a winner.  This is by far my favorite Chinese/Asian restaurant in the area.  The prices are also as friendly as the staff.
5	Everything we ordered tasted great!!  Our meal total was $21 for potstickers which comes with a delicious salad with a homemade peanut dressing, chicken with cashews and beef chow mein.  The dishes were huge and we were able to eat till we were overly full and still had enought flr lunch the next day.  We asked for our food as soon as it was ready so we could make it to a movie in time, and they had our food ready in under 15 minutes.  We will recommend this place to all our friends, it's one of the best asian food restaurants in the southwest area of the valley.
4	Friendly staff. Clean and fresh food. Fast service. Decent prices!Gyoza was my favorite and a meal since it included a salad. Orange chicken was a bit sweet but just ask for hot sauce on the side. Drinks were filled before they became fully empty.We will be visiting again VERY soon!
1	Although their website says their open at 10am on Sunday, in reality they are not.  Instead they open at 11am.  When advised of their website's error, the staff didn't seem overly concerned, and I was told that they would "look into it".  Disappointed as this was my last dining experience in Phoenix before flying out.
3	I have eaten here several times, and the food has always been excellent!  Tonight we had the wonton soup and spring rolls, followed by a chicken and green bean dinner.  Everything was great except the chicken and green beans, which was a bit too salty.  It seemed that some new staff was being trained, and there were a few minor goofs, including a water spill across the table, but the poor waitress couldn't apologize enough and cleaned everything up.Overall, a good experience, but not as good as past visits.
4	Wow, last review was from 2009.  I guess I would update.  They have changed owners  from the original set when they first started.  I ordered take out.  Again it is Friday and my laziness kicks in.  I got:Chicken Chow Fun - Delicious and love the wok "breathe" or air when you open the containerCreamy Chicken Corn Soup - Huge portion, but the soup seemed bland..  But the crispy wontons I ordered extra and a little salt fix that up.Chicken with Cashew Nuts - Yummy!!  Perfect!I need to stop by for a sit down meal soon!!!
4	great service! Big portions. I highly recommend the spicy noodle soup. I'd definitely come back.
4	The decor and ambience was very pleasant.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.   Granted, it was a Monday night and my wife and I were only one of three parties in the restaurant.   We ordered the hot and sour soup, the puu puu platter (sp?), chicken chow mein, and the curry chicken.  Everything was terrific.  The hot and sour soup surprised me - I'm not normally a very big soup fan but I thoroughly enjoyed it both at the restaurant and as left-overs the next day.     The portions of all of the orders were very big.  We had left-overs for three additional meals.
5	First time at this restaurant and everything was amazing. Great, attentive staff and the food was excellent! My personal favorites are the crab rangoons and the kung pao chicken. I would definitely come back for more!
5	This place is easily equal to P. F. Chang's. Very excellent!!! Along with P. F. Chang's it is the best Chinese food I have ever had. Atmosphere and decor are exceptional. Never busy. This place NEEDS customer so they stay in business. I'd like to see this place franchised. Outstanding!!
5	Last night was my 4th visit here. It always delicious. Last night i tried the mongolian beef and chicken combo(not on the menu but they did it for me) on a sizzling skillet.WOW!Wow! Was that good!!! Kind of fajita gone asian. It was very yummy and i definately recommend it. Their hot sour soup was delicious too(canned mushrooms in their soups is the only con) my buddy had the sweet and sour chicken was good too. Get their groupon and u pay less. ;-)
3	Had to try this place out b'c of people's reviews and I'm always in search of a good Chinese restaurant.  It was a borderline between a 2 and 3.  The service was "meh" but the food was all right.  I wouldn't say it is "authentic chinese food" but not really "americanized chinese food" either.  Kind of a mix ... and fusion-ish.  I love mushrooms so I go the chicken and mushrooms.  It was OK.  It wasn't super salty which I liked.  Interesting that it came with a salad but what's with the honey mustard sauce?  I'm at a Chinese food restaurant!  It shoulda been like a sesame or ginger dressing that I've had at other places.I'd probably give it another go though ... I think maybe the husband will like it more.  Plus, my kiddo was kind of going crazy so it was hard to enjoy the meal!
5	The food was much better than expected, I'm a picky eater and when I asked them to change a dish completely they did so without a problem and it was amazing! I hope this place is able to stay in business despite never having a packed restaurant.
2	Bland and not memorable we had some sort is tower thing but I don't even remember anything else that's not a good sign
5	"One of our favorite places in the West Valley! Delicious, clean, and great service!"
4	It's a really good looking restaurant and the food is REALLY good (and huge portions). I'm a big fan of the lettuce wraps and the miso soup. But definitely be prepared to split the appetizers...they're enormous. Service kinda sucks...very slow.
4	Great lunch specials, great food. I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm in the mood for some good food. I just wish extra spicy was more than "mild" :)
2	In our never ending quest to find some good Chinese in the valley we tried Eest Asian Bistro based off of the positive Yelp reviews. Our family of four ordered the following:Mongolian BeefSweet and Sour PrawnsGeneral Tso's ChickenCombination Fried RiceOverall the food was good, not great but better than a lot we have had in the valley. However, one issue ruined the entire meal and I can't figure out why a place like this would scrimp on this when everything else was of good quality...The General Tso's Chicken used chicken waste parts (skin, tough thin meat, fat, etc.) and the meat was extremely tough and tasted like chicken fat. The meat was so tough you couldn't cut it with a fork and so you would put the whole piece in your mouth and have to chew and chew before you could swallow as it was so tough and had terrible flavor. The sauce was good but the taste of the chicken fat ruined it. My wife and daughter had to spit theirs out and I could only handle two pieces so we threw it all away.When two servers came and asked if everything was ok I told them both that the meat on the General Tso's was very tough and tasted terrible and neither of them said a word and walked away.If it wasn't for that issue we would go back, however, that ruined it for us and my wife and daughter would not even consider going back.
4	around 8-10 bucks an entree. good portions, you'll get fully easily. complimentary chips upon arrival and unlimited rice :)
5	Decided to give this place a chance and was quite delighted. I am vegan and that's an issue sometimes. I tried the vegetable chow mein(medium spicy) and I love it. I get extra broccoli and there is so much flavor in the veggies and noodles. My husband has tried the General Tso's chicken, The BBQ pork chow mein, the mu shu pork and the garlic chicken and he loved them all. The great thing is that this is a family run business and it shows in the food. I highly recommend at least trying this place. it's reasonably priced and there are great lunch specials during the week.
4	My family went here for the first time and we were quite surprised. We didn't expect much because we haven't heard of it. The decor we very nice and the food had a very clean almost sophisticated taste, nothing over powering very mellow. I had the general tso chicken and several vegetable dishes all were good.My family went here for the first time and we were quite surprised. We didn't expect much because we haven't heard of it. The decor we very nice and the food had a very clean almost sophisticated taste, nothing over powering very mellow. I had the general tso chicken and several vegetable dishes all were good.
1	We ordered to go. Shrimp good, salad great,meat in orange beef was disgusting. Beef skewers disgusting. I'm not really sure it was beef. Not trying to be gross but I have to be honest, they are not using quality products. Never again.
4	Finding a good place for Asian eats is not easy in the west valley.Ever since our favorite place closed (we are still in mourning...let's tip the 40 for our homies), we have been searching.  After having read the reviews, we figured we'd give it a shot.Glad we did!  The decor is fabulous.  Very clean designs and spacious.  Both booths and tables are available.  I ordered the mixed veggies (extra brocoli) and chicken and my best friend ordered the cashew chicken.  For about $8, you get a HUGE serving!  I took most of my meal to go and the server was nice enough to put in some fresh steamed rice.  The flavors were well balanced and the veggies were cooked to perfection....still had that much needed "bite" to them!  Brocoli, snap peas, zucchini, peppers, mushrooms (I asked for no onions), and the chicken was tender!  Make sure you ask for some chile paste!  Try it out...you won't be sorry!
4	This place is pretty good! A friend and I went in to just get some carry out and they were pretty quick about it. I got the sesame chicken which is really good and white rice. I'm definitely going to try it again and see how eating in is.
4	I was a little confused by a few of the negative reviews, my family really enjoyed this place. The Crab Rangoons and the peanut dressing for the salad were fantastic! The restaurant is tucked in a strip mall, it's clean and nicely decorated. The service was great too! We will be back, just wish we lived closer.
4	My favorite place to sit down and eat asian food.  Very unique and original flavors.... I have been here 6 times already and will continue for sure.
4	Very delicious food!   Their stuffed won-tons where too thin for my taste, I like them a little thicker, but I still loved them.  The ambiance was very quiet and peaceful, just what I need after a long day at work.  Service was great until more people started shopping up and then the service was not so great.  I recommend this place for a peaceful hangout and Asian food dinner :)
5	A very affordable place to go to get Fresh Asian food.  Better than most Asian buffets.  Definitely one of the best Asian places, The taste of the food is right on The mark.  Close to the Wigwam Resort.  Great west side Asian Bistro- fresh ingredients (try the hot and sour soup).
4	I'm usually skittish about trying new chinese food places, but we decided to try it out and grab some take out since we were in the area. I'm happy to report this place was a great choice!We ordered the curry chicken, sesame chicken, and the mongolian beef - all were very delicious! I really liked the flavors, portions were more than enough so that we had a lot of leftovers. (I LOVE leftover chinese food!) I'd order here again!
5	Terrific food!!!
5	After finding this place, we eat here every week.  While the orange chicken was just ok for me, the szechuan chicken is off the hook and I get it every time!  The chicken chow fun was also good and my boyfriend really likes the sweet and sour chicken.  The building has good seating and the service is always prompt.  I wish it would be busier because I'm always worried it will go out of business.  TRY IT!!!!!!
4	Excellent.  The curry shrimp and garlic pork are exceptional.
4	Good Asian fusion... in the West Valley!Usually am ambivalent towards Asian fusion because so many restaurants translate that "throw whatever in and add a Szechuan or Cantonese sauce".  Visited Eest on the recommendation of some coworkers and was impressed.Hot and sour soup is very good Mongolian chicken is yummers and is served is a non-Asian salad, eggroll, and rice.  Meat was a tad tough, yet moist and flavorful.Eest wings are okay-- tender with a simple sweet hoisin sauce for flavorService is only okay.  Nice people and generally attentive.  However, it took a while for the check, they will not upgrade your side soup to Hot and Sour and require you to order a big bowl separately, and the appetizer actually came after the meal.Along with New Wok, this is one of the two best Asian restaurants in the Valley.
1	I took my family to this place after reading some reviews, although only one was from a vegan.  I figured if the rest of the food is good, maybe the vegan one will be, too.  Unfortunately, it just wasn't.My vegan meal started with the house salad and peanut dressing.  As soon as the salad arrived, I knew it wasn't vegan.  It was unlike any peanut dressing I've ever seen.  When I asked what it was made of, the server told me it was made from peanut butter and mayonnaise (and therefore not vegan).  But even if it had been, it was one of he saddest looking salads I'd ever seen.  It was nothing but iceberg and dressing.I then ordered the miso soup, but not before asking whether it had fish stock or broth.  I was assured that it did not.  It tasted fine but when I was about halfway done I found a tiny bit of something that I'm sure was meat.  I'm positive.  I ordered the vegetable stir fry for my main course.  I couldn't eat it, I just couldn't.  For starters, it was loaded with corn starch, which makes food very gelatinous, and vegans uneasy.  It also didn't taste very good.  It was one-dimensional and lacked sweetness.  The rice was also not cooked very well.My sister ordered the salmon, which she liked just fine. My brother ordered the lemon chicken and he did not like (or eat) it.  He said it tasted unlike traditional lemon chicken, whatever that tastes like. :/  My mother ordered the mongolian beef, which was a customer favorite according to the server, however, it was salty beyond consumption according to my mother.Here are the good points, the staff was friendly, no mater how many questions I asked, and the place had a nice ambiance.Unfortunately, the staff and ambiance will not be enough for any of us to go back.
4	I stopped here today to pick up dinner. First impression: very clean, nicely set up dining area, very friendly young staff. I ordered Mu-shu Shrimp (not on the menu but the chef did it at my request with no issue). Also ordered BBQ Pork appetizer, Crab Rangoons and Pot Stickers.The Mu-shu Shrimp was very fresh with all the shredded cabbage, mushrooms, etc- stir fried and flavorful. A nice surprise because I haven't had good Chinese food since I moved to AZ in 1998. The BBQ Pork was delicious!!! Tender, juicy, sliced and presented so well even in the take out box! Some of the best BBQ pork I've had in years!Pot Stickers were a little on the blah side, simply for lack of seasoning in the meat filling. If there were more filling that was a bit more seasoned they would be better. I found them to be a bit overdone. The Crab Rangoons, big kudos to this restaurant for actually mixing crab in with the cream cheese!!! Now, I don't know if it's real crab or imitation because it was so blended together, but I was impressed. Also, the wonton wrapper used is very thin so these are a bit lighter than the usual Deep fried cheese that most places give us. Overall, a very good takeout experience. They make Peking Duck there, so I will be back to dine there and try it. I am a HUGE Peking Duck fan!! This place is a nice change from the heavy, greasy, gross Panda Express, Yan's type places that deep fry almost everything as is usual with Americanized Chinese food (that we all know is not real Chinese food)... There are no crab Rangoons in chinese restaurants in china. Duh. I think people will enjoy this better (while not authentic) option on the west side.
5	Eest Asian Bistro is the best Asia food I have had in Arizona.  Food and service are very good.
5	This is our favorite Chinese food place - can get food made VERY spicy if you like and the wonton's are great.
3	Not bad, beef and brocorri is very good.that's all I got there. Place was empty for the most part. Nothing to boast nothing to complain. It's your average asian food joint. And the best part is, they are with in walking distance.
3	Went here for lunch and tried the broccoli beef... My test for any Chinese food.  I can't say there was anything special with this place as it tasted the same as others. The only visible difference was the modern look of the restaurant and their larger lunch portions. So far not the Chinese place on the west side of Phoenix I've been looking for. Though there are something on the menu that looked promising such as the black and white pork chops, honey walnut prawns, and garlic sea scallops. Updated review after I try these dishes.
5	The walnut prawns are the best. Peking pork chops are fantastic. Also the service is good. They need a big sign on the road to get the people in.
2	My wife and I like eating at eest asian bistro and have been going here for 2 years. It is slowly going down hill. Food is great but the service has been below par. It is in a horrible spot back in a corner of a strip mall that is half empty of stores. We always eat there around 7 at night and we have never been there with half of the restaurant full. Service is always slow that I am to the point of only doing carry out. It is a shame because we enjoy the food. Tonight was the last straw. We arrived at the restaurant at 745 PM and there were only 3 tables eating. We ordered and the food came out quickly. After we received the food we didn't see our waitress again. All the waitresses were preparing to close for the night. It was 830 and the sign reads closing time is 930. Another waitress  came over to fill up drinks when we were almost completed with dinner. We ordered a  to go soup with her. Our original waitress came over with the bill and to clean up plates. The bill did not include the to go soup. The waitresses were at the bar just chatting away and neglecting customers.  We waited patiently for over 15 minutes for a waitress to return to pick up my card. She came back and I explained that the soup is missing on the bill and that we never received the soup to go. She said that the soup would be out shortly. I asked her that I would like to talk to the manager about the service we received tonight. She said the manager wasn't there and no one with authority was present. I expressed that I was not happy with the service I received and I was disappointed that I received this service with an empty restaurant.  She was very polite about what I told her but this hasn't been the first time. The food is 3 and a half to 4 stars. Service is a 1 star.
5	Came in here to meet a friend for lunch, it was around 1 pm and they weren't too busy. They have really affordable lunch specials and the food was really good and they give you plenty to eat, I probably only ate about half of mine!
5	Good food!!! Good service!!! Everything is good!!!
5	One of the best places to eat out at. Service and food is outstanding!!! Great environment and staff and my family loves this place !!
4	This restaurant is one of the best kept secrets in the Southwest Valley. It is very clean, wonderful ambiance, excellent cooks. You must try the Honey Walnut Shrimp! Yum!!!
5	Great food @  a reasonable price and comfortable atmosphere...can't wait to eat there again.
3	As one reviewer put it, finding a good Chinese restaurant in the West Valley is no mean feat ... and that may be why the reviews for this restaurant are, overall, extraordinarily good.  I'm trying not to be jaded and I'm trying to remember that we're rating restaurants based on what's HERE and not what I've had throughout my travels.  However, while the food here does seem to be good, I'm not "wowed" by it.To be fair, we did not have an entree:  after working out, we came in for some Hot n Sour soup and the Pu Pu Platter and figured, if we're still hungry after that, we can order more.  The Hot n Sour soup was far from being watery and was quite tasty, but, again, I just wasn't floored by it.  When they bring the soup to you, it doesn't look like it's much, because the bowl they bring it in looks deceptively small.  The soup is ladled out into small, art-deco-like bowls (more on the decorating later) and you'll get about 4 servings out of it.  My other half found the soup spicy; I did, too; but only because I added chili paste to it even before I tasted it  (I know from experience, that no matter what a server tells me, it's NEVER spicy enough for me).  The Pu Pu platter was generous in its portion size, though the egg rolls are a little too greasy and filled only with cabbage (not a problem for me) and the meat on the skewer rather tough (again, I didn't have a problem with that, but they might consider serving a knife with it).  Those two items with a diet Coke for me came to $18+ including tax ... very much a good deal considering portions and taste.Now, the decor:  unlike many of the restaurants in the Valley -- and especially in strip malls, which this place is part of -- with their fluorescent lighting and tacky flaky ceiling tiles having about as much character as a Tea Party candidate promising not to disrupt proceedings on the floor of the House, this restaurant's owners made obvious efforts to decorate this place.  The restaurant is immaculately clean to the point of sterile; decorations are somewhat eclectic, but in good taste and well-coordinated.  So what possible complaint could I have? (Apparently, you haven't been reading my reviews, if you're seriously asking).As tasteful and classy as the decorating in this place is, I don't find it necessarily appetite-inducing (though it doesn't ruin your appetite either):  the scheme is mainly grey and black, so that your first thought might be "intimate and quiet".  The basic art deco design of the room and this intimate color scheme almost makes me feel like I'm in a classy gay bar in NYC, where you'd see older gentlemen and, maybe, their younger companions.  The only things missing were, in the following order ...a)  a pianob) candles on the tablesc) a pencil-thin waiter, slightly effeminate, in white shirt and black tie, checking on your mealNow, bear in mind, I don't say this with the intention of dissing this place or trying to sound negative.  At nighttime, it's an almost elegant and appealing atmosphere; but having come from New York and having dined in many such intimate restaurants, while I always felt cozy in them, I always felt like I had to watch my manners more than enjoy my meal.  That said, the wait staff is attentive without making you feel like you've sat there too long; the portions are generous; the prices are reasonable; the place is "I-wish-my-house-was-this-clean" sterile and considering the location and the price-level, you could easily bring a first date to this place and not feel like the cheap bastard you obviously are for not spending more money to impress your date  (Don't worry ... you can always buy him or her an expensive present and tell them you preferred to spend the money on their gift rather than an overpriced meal).So, yes ... I would say that, for the West Valley, this is a Chinese Restaurant a cut above almost all the rest and the atmosphere alone and outstanding service is worth the effort to come here.  Alas, though, it's that service and atmosphere that makes this place stand out; not the food.
4	I was very surprised by this place being that it is in a strip plaza. The interior was very nicely decorated and very clean.  The service was very attentive and good. Now for the food, the portions are very big, you can certainly split an entree. I had the cashew chicken with garlic, lots of fresh vegetables in a brown sauce, very good. Another entree was moo shoo beef very spicy! Then also lettuce wraps, not like Changs but good.All in all, very nice experience would certainly recommend this restaurant!
5	The exterior appearance belies the pleasant and appealing interior .. and doesn't tell you how great the food they create inside will be. So don't let it sway you. Go In! I've been here several times and have always had excellent srvc and great dishes.
4	It is so tricky to rate Eest because it is still not the kind of Chinese food I love from back home in California.  I don't know why it is so dang hard to find tasty Asian food here in the valley, especially in the west.  I honestly prefer Abacus Inn...but it is no where near close enough to my house.  For being shoved in a corner of an almost dead strip mall, it is a jewel.  The decor is much nicer than most places like it and there is a ton of space.  You can tell the owners take pride in their restaurant.  We ordered their egg drop soup and while it was pretty good, I did have to add some salt to it for taste.  The veggies in it were almost too big to eat with a soup spoon too, which was a little annoying...but I still enjoyed it.  I got the Sizzling Mongolian Beef and wish I would have asked for it to be spicier.  The waitress warned me that people say it is too hot and so I asked her to make it mild...well, it was so mild it wasn't spicy at all.  Wah!  We did really like their sweet and sour chicken as well.  Our order of pork fried rice was also worth it.  I definitely want to go back and order other dishes on their menu.  They give you huge portions that make for a great lunch the next day.
3	Tried for the 1st time some things were good others so so. I will for sure try some other items on the menu and update rating. Got the sizzling steak, sauce was good meat overcooked and blah some pieces were tuff to chew. BBQ Pork fried rice ok nothing special. Got the pu pu platter. Chicken fingers some were very good and couple pieces they didn't cut the chicken right and was tuff to chew. Beef on the stick, very tuff to chew. Eggrolls were good. Chicken wings very good for anyone from Boston that loves that kind of Chinese food very comparable. Shrimp nothing special. One of the other big things is they have "duck sauce" sweet and sour comparable to Boston Chinese food which was a nice surprise. Will for sure try more items. But from other reviews I do agree seems to be the Chinese food place on the west side.Update: 9/4 got a variety of things again crab Rangoon good wings great again pot stickers good, egg foo young so so, orange chicken great. Only real knock is I would say stay away from beef dishes we got beef and broccoli and again the beef is very chewy. Not very good at all.
5	Stumbled on Eest Asian Bistro last night and was super happy we found it! Adrian our server was excellent and the food was very good. Fresh made with the kitchen up front and you can watch and hear the woks working hard.Definite recommend for a non chain and we will be back!
5	Very unique and quite delicious food! We have tried several different entrees and they all are fantastic! Crab Rangoon's are a must here!
5	I love this place! They have THE BEST wonton soup! I order it out to take home for my family. Everything is delicious . Food is always fresh , place is clean , service is great. If you have not been you should go. I highly recommend this restaurant !! It's my favorite Asian food. Delicious :)
4	I've tried several places in this area for good Chinese food and by far this is the best I've had. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. I ordered cashew chicken and it was delicious. I have never had it with peppers before, so I just took them out. I definitely recommend trying it and I plan to return.
