4	Just visited Dr. Berschler's newly opened office in Downtown Phoenix . He recently relocated his offices from New Jersey to Phoenix. He says he's loved Phoenix for a long time, and once his daughter chose ASU for her college education, he decided to pack it up and move. The office is very convenient for me because it's close to work and live (I work  near Central and Thomas and live in the South Mountain area).. What makes it more convenient is that he offers free parking in the parking garage of the building. Or, if you choose, his offices, at the corner of 1st Ave and W. Monroe is right off the Light Rail line. The offices are modern, convenient at street-level, and the staff was friendly.   Meter parking is also offered right outside his door at street -level- but why pay when you can get parking in the garage of the building for free? :)The last dentist I visited said I needed a "deep cleaning" which wasn't covered by my insurance. I told Dr. Berschler this and he checked my teeth and said I didn't need something so invasive. That's when I *knew* I liked him. I've finally found a home with Downtown Phoenix Dental. Check them out!
4	A common bonus feature of going to the dentist (aside from the free toothbrush) is some amount of guilt for not doing enough to take care of one's chompers.  Amazingly, the Dentist [Ben Berschler] and staff at Downtown Phoenix Dental did not offer this during either of my visits.  They were kind and fun and admitted to a few of their own dental faux pas.  The facility is nice and so new that the two times I went in they were experiencing technical difficulties with either equipment and/or Internet.  It'll get worked out- Berschler's no-nonsense East Coast attitude will make sure of it!  Meanwhile, the Midwestern Dental Hygienist will be super friendly and accommodating as the Arizona-native (maybe?) receptionist makes you feel comfortable just walking in the door.Fact: They accept a lot of insurance plans.
5	I first learned about Downtown Phoenix Dental when Dr. Berschler promoted his grand opening on Yelp with an open house posted in the Events section. I was highly impressed by his good (and not overly promotional) use of the Yelp resources. (Note to other business owners: You don't have to aggressively solicit positive reviews or have your friends write fake ones to get the positive attention of the Yelp community.)I recently started working downtown so when it came time for my June dentist appointment, I decided to contact Ben for an appointment. (I had also had a few negative experiences at Center Care Dental and was already looking for a new provider.) I was more than happy with my first appointment. The clean, modern office was just a few blocks away from my office, so I was able to walk. The front desk staffer was really nice, but my hygienist, Heather, was truly a gem. Super nice and approachable, she was also very knowledgeable about all things teeth. Best of all, she delivered her advice and suggestions without being judgmental or rude. She also was very skilled at doing a deep cleaning while still being gentle (I have very sensitive gums). The digital x-rays were also a huge plus. Dr. Berschler was also great in the brief time I spent with him. I liked his down-to-earth attitude and lack of pretension. I will definitely return here for my future cleanings.
5	Convenient Location. Warm and Talented Staff. First-Class Amenities. Most Insurance Accepted.If you're looking for a new dentist in Downtown Phoenix I enthusiastically recommend Dr. Ben Berschler and his staff at Downtown Phoenix Dental.Last week I had my fangs cleaned by Heather and she was careful, engaging and quick. No guilt trips about not flossing enough and more than a few playful anecdotes to help pass the time. Dr. Ben is a Philly guy who recently located his practice to Phoenix. Friendly, but to the point, he quickly assessed my X-rays post-cleaning and said everything was great with the possible exception of the 20-year-old silver fillings that take up way too much space in my mouth. He didn't pressure me into swapping them out but made the benefits easy to recognize.Today we began the process and I was astonished how well it went. How many dentists give you a hot-off-the-presses issue of The Sporting News to read while the novocain takes effect? And how many let you listen to Counting Crows' August and Everything After while he goes to town on your teeth? ("Anna Begins" will never sound the same.) Plus, Dr. Ben has the very latest in equipment and technology, most of which I'd never seen before. We're talking cutting-edge stuff here. The office is nicely decorated and contemporary and both Heather and office manager/assistant Robin are an absolute pleasure to interact with. I can't say enough great things about the Downtown Phoenix Dental crew. Go now. Your teeth will thank you.
5	A superb location,+ gorgeous and intriguing open-layout facility,+ state-of-the-art technology,+ a great Dr. Berschler (from Jersey, daughter's @ ASU, & he lives in downtown too!),+ a friendly staff,+ lots of insurance options= my new dentist
5	This was the best, most pleasant, comfortable dentist visit of my life. Allegedly there is free valet parking but I couldn't find it, so I parked at a meter right outside their door.As other reviewers said, the small staff of 3 are all very cool. The office just opened in Feb. 2010, and they use the newest technology (they said they are the only ones in AZ with their x-ray equipment). The x-rays were done right in the chair and the results were instantly displayed on the monitor for me to see.The lovely hygenist immediately erased my anxiety. The cleaning went very fast and was painless, and she actually complimented me on the health of my teeth! This was a huge relief considering its been about 2 years since my last cleaning (and that quack of a dentist claimed I needed gobs of work, which I thankfully ignored).I had two spots that I was certain would require drastic treatment, but the hygenist and dentist assured me they  were no big deal. They showed me fancy photos of the areas that worried me, and left it up to me whether I wanted to treat one issue, and the other issue they assured me was totally fine. NEVER has a dentist actually talked me OUT of getting work done!! Amazing!Also, all the paperwork is filed and appointments are made online.  Easy peasy.I'm raving to all of my friends and family about this place. GO!
5	Finally got dental insurance again after a spat of unemployment, so it was time to take care of my teeth. I consulted Yelp (of course) and thanks to Sean S. (who is the authority on all things downtown), I found this dental office within walking distance of work.I was not disappointed. My first visit and cleaning was the most pleasant visit to the dentist I've ever experienced. The staff was chatty and pleasant, Heather (the hygienist) did not render my mouth a masochist (compared to past experiences with other dentist's offices). And I got to marvel at their new-fangled dentistry equipment like their digital X-rays which were as quick and as comfortable as one could ever hope for. They even have a fancy UV wand that will take a picture of your molars and measure the depressions for possible cavities. This is better living through technology (or at least, makes for a much more comfortable experience in the dental chair)!I was scheduled for a return visit to replace an old silver filling that threatened to fall apart, taking the tooth with it. Dr. Berschler numbed me up perfectly, giving plenty of time for the novocaine to take hold while I was pampered with reading material and music through headphones. Work was done in a jiffy and I was back on my way.I did use the free valet parking once too. A simple matter of entering the building through the 2nd Avenue entrance, leaving your car with the attendant, and validating at Downtown Phx Dental's office. The directions on their website for how to find the office from the basement garage were appreciated.This is the face of modern dentistry and I am super-happy I found them through Yelp!
5	yesterday i had the best (dental) experience ever. i saw josh tran. he did some extractions (impacted root and cracked molar), and i felt next to nothing. i barely even felt the shots.
5	i went back for more yesterday.. happy i did.dr ben did two fillings yesterday. they were both quite deep. one was worse than the other. he was confident the deeper one would take as a cavity but of course, couldn't say for certain. he hopes, i hope. (it is amazing he recommended cavities for the deeper one, because the cost difference is huge and i'm paying out of pocket).i trust his experience and judgment. and i am grateful he isn't looking to line his pockets.so far, so good. no temperature sensitivity. no major throbbing.i am so happy i found this dentist.
5	Living and working Downtown, I am always looking for convenience, whether it be shopping for groceries or health care. Knowing it had been too long since my last dental visit and having several friends/coworkers who have needed root canals in the last month, I decided it was time to make an appointment. Utilizing trusty ol' Yelp I had book marked DPD a long time ago. Making my appointment was easy and I was able to fill out much of the paperwork on-line before my appointment. The location is relatively easy to find as it has a street entrance. The staff is super friendly. Heather, the hygienist and Dr. Berschler were very friendly and professional. Luckily I was was in and out in about an hour with a relatively clean bill of health and some nice clean teeth. They even set up a plan with me for future visits to replace some silver fillings. I have no hesitations in setting up biannual cleaning appointments and look forward to my future trips to the dentist. [Yes, Really!]
5	My fear and avoidance of the dentist has been building for years. However, I simply couldn't put it off any longer. With trepidation I scheduled an appointment at Downtown Dental and promptly received an email back with available times. I went in not knowing what to expect. Not only had the staff already found my insurance information they made a point to call me by the name I go by rather than my formal name and that put me at ease. I sat down with Heather, the hygienist and she was so warm and friendly that I instantly felt fine confessing to her my fear of the dentist. She allayed my concerns and told me not to worry. There was no guilt trip for not flossing or drinking too much soda, which is always annoying. Then the scary part... the dental work. It was uncomfortable and I hated it, but soon it was over, it wasn't that bad and I felt a thousand times better. Dr. Berschler came over and examined me and pointed out a few cavities we needed to take care of. Then the even scarier part (or so I anticipated)...the price! But I was pleasantly pleased and relieved that the total cost after insurance was literally thousands less than I'd been quoted by a dentist a year ago to take care of my problems. In fact the total cost is very reasonable; this isn't a dentist looking to take advantage of you. I couldn't have been more pleased and delighted at the friendliness and helpfulness of everyone in the office. The convenient downtown location only makes it better. I will never go to another dentist again and I'm actually looking forward to my next appointment. I can't recommend this office enough.
4	I have not been to the dentist in a long time.  I recently went to Downtown Dental.  Everyone was very friendly; the hygienist, the dentist, and the receptionist.The office is very nice, clean, and very conveniently located.  I showed up about 5 minutes early and was greeted and seen without a wait.  I will definitely be going back.
5	To Whom It May Concern: My experience at Downtown Phoenix Dental actually made going to the dentist and enjoyable experience.  Normally I dread the dentist.  There is always a feeling of pain, boredom and uneasiness when sitting in a dentist office chair. However, Downtown Phoenix Dental has completely changed my perception in just one visit. The first thing I want to state is how friendly and helpful the staff is.  The office staff reminded me via email and phone about my dental appointment. Being someone that is always on the go this extra reminder was really a kind gesture. It is also important to note that Downtown Phoenix Dental did not keep me waiting. Normally when I go to the dentist not only do I not want to be there, but I am waiting for what seems to be an eternity.  The whole experience took no more than an hour. The atmosphere is beautiful, modern and the space itself is very open.  The office resides in the heart of Downtown Phoenix, and you can feel the energy passing by. The technology they used on my teeth was unlike anything I have ever seen. Everything was automatic and extremely effective in giving me a crystal clear smile. The dentist himself was very thorough and part of the experience from the beginning.  What I liked most about the experience was they did not try to up sell me on any of their other services. They kept in mind expenses and proceeded with much thought and consideration. I would highly recommend Downtown Phoenix Dental to anyone that lives in Phoenix or Arizona in general!!
5	Get to your appointment on time because they are ready to go by the time you arrive, a great plus. The dental hygienist was super nice and really informative throughout my cleaning. The location is super convenient if you live/work near downtown. It think their prices were fair and they won't try to get you to buy extras that are unnecessary. I've found my dental niche and I'm sticking to it! The decor of the place is very contemporary and pleasing, which gives the place a nice atmosphere once you enter. Friendly, inviting, and knowledgeable staff, too!
5	Extremely friendly and painless experience in a nice, modern office.
5	I had the same dentist for over 20 years and decided to try someone new.  I had no idea just how outdated my old dentist's equipment was until i had something to compare it to.  The staff is awesome and the atmosphere relaxing.  Great customer care and service.  Highly recommended.   Lisa
5	Just had my teeth cleaned and checked here.  I would highly recommend this dental office--the hygienist was the best I have ever had!  The space was clean and comfortable, the dentist and hygienist were on time, and the office could not have been more convenient for people working downtown.  The office also has up to date technology, so even the uncomfortable x-ray process was much better, easier, and faster than I have experienced in the past.  Two thumbs way up!
5	If going to a dentist could be anything like Heaven, it would be this place.I was *so* nervous walking in.  I had not been to the dentist in *cough* some time and downtown places tend to be waaaay too trendy for me.  I was expecting to see an office full of fake smiles, fake teeth, and a long wait.Instead I was greeted by name, taken right back, and had a GREAT chat with the hygienist.  She knew what to say, what not to say, and never expected me to answer her while she had 25 tools in my mouth.The dentist is friendly and upbeat.   No scolding and no chiding.  He scheduled me a follow up appointment to touch up a filling - but the rest of my mouth was perfecto!Believe it or not - can't wait to go back.  And to send all of my friends.
5	I needed a new dentist because my previous one moved. I wanted a dentist near my home, but since none of my inner circle lives near me, they were no help. Not being sure where to find a new provider, I decided to take a look on my trusty Yelp. I can find great restaurants there, why not a great dentist?I did a quick search for downtown Phoenix, and one practice name quickly rose to the top. Downtown Phoenix Dental (DPD) had 18 perfect reviews , and I know what you are thinking, "Sure, great reviews- probably spam.." WRONG.  Among the best reviews were people I trust when it comes to honesty and taste. I decided to give DPD a try.Making an appointment was easy, and Robin was very helpful getting me in quickly. Robin obtained my email address and sent me a link with the electronic forms I would need to fill out prior to arrival. This modern convenience totally replaces the need to get to your appointment 30 minutes early, and figure out the paperwork, especially without the benefit of coffee (you don't drink coffee before going to the dentist, right?).The online forms are a snap to fill out, and on the day of my appointment I parked in the super convenient underground garage, where they offer free valet parking. A short elevator ride later and I was in the lobby of the building, with DPD right around the corner. When I arrived in the practice, I was warmly greeted and told that all my forms were received, so I didn't need to fill out any paperwork. I was going to grab a seat in the comfy waiting area, but I didn't even need to, as the dental hygienist, Heather, greeted me and told me she was ready for my appointment. (If you're keeping score at home, so far there was no coffee-less paperwork completion, AND I didn't wait one second for my appointment- let alone the typical 30 minutes waiting for no reason)Heather walked me back to the treatment area and as others have mentioned, she is a great person and is easy to talk to. Heather asked some background questions and began the XRAYS. DPD has very advanced technology, and it really benefits the patients, because it is quicker, and also they get really good images of your choppers. XRAYS done, Heather did a comprehensive teeth cleaning, all the while being so nice and makes it easy to relax. Again, as others have mentioned, you will NOT be lectured or made to feel bad about any tooth care deficiencies. If you need to feel guilty, there is a Catholic church down the street, they can help you feel bad about yourself, but you will not get that from DPD. What you WILL get is outstanding care and some really good tips on ways to be nicer to your teeth, without feeling like you are a dental failure.Dr. Ben came over and examined the XRAYS and my mouth, and found a few cavities. Dr. Ben explained what he wanted to do, and I scheduled an appointment for a few days.Sorry for the long review, but this place deserves way more than a few sentences, plus choosing a dentist is important, and you should know what you're getting. I do not like going to the dentist, as I've yet to go to one where they look at your mouth and high-five you and tell you come back in five years. DPD is a game changer for me, as the  whole experience is so relaxing and easy from start to finish. As I left DPD I was smiling and relaxed, which is unlike any other dental experience I have ever had. I went down to get my car and the Valet looked at my complimentary dental care kit, and asked if I was at the dentist. I told him I was, and that it rocked, and he smiled and said "Yah, I hear that from a lot of people." Downtown Phoenix Dental is where state-of-the-art technology meets world class service, and I can not recommend it enough. It is really nice to now have a dentist and dental team for life. Check out Downtown Phoenix Dental, and your only regret will be you didn't know about them earlier.
5	Futuredentist. Oral utopia. Xrays done instantaneously. Streamlined online form submission. I can't believe how painless everything was. I, too, was someone who had a five-year hiatus from dental insurance and feared the worst.Dear gums: I'm sorry.Hygienist Heather is way more knowledgeable, friendly and talkative than most other hygienists who have hovered over me in their SARS masks. The technology and talent in this office is delightful.I drove home and immediately referred someone who needs a little costly work done (hint: we share our abode). Talked him right out of his selected-but-not-yet-visited Paradise Valley dentist by his job by singing the praises of the dentist in our very own sector. "If we want nice things in our neighborhood, we have to like...go to them."My deep cleaning was literally intoxicating. I must thank the valet for catching me when I almost ate it getting into my car. Utilize the free valet in the garage. No 500-degree car.I am so glad to have this great local business two minutes from my house. My gladness deepens at my lack of cavities and hope for dental redemption in the coming months.
5	Great experience - very steamlined from paperwork to the clinical aspect.  Everything is electronic and very modern.  The office doesn't even look like a dental office - very modern and chic.  Melissa, my dental hygentist, was great - explained what she was doing and no other chit chat - very efficient.  Dr. Berschler very friendly and happy to see you.Robin, the office manager, even offered me change for the meter when I had difficulty locating the parking garage.  After the appt, I received a "welcome letter" via e-mail from the practice - now that is a first!Highly recommend!
1	While the staff are great, I'm not thrilled with Dr Ben. While initially for a 'check up' he was great but when further work had to be done, he became arrogant and refused to listen to my concerns. He was unwilling to work together to find a suitable solution to my problem - as he way was the best and only. For a quick check up, you might want to give him a go, but for any further dental procedures, I'd find a dentist who is willing to discuss things with you, listen to your concerns and problems and NOT put his hand up to stop you talking because he doesn't want to listen.
5	I went to Downtown Phoenix Dental for the first time today and I am now kicking myself for not leaving my prior dentist earlier! I was never afraid of the dentist when I was younger but after going to my last dentist for 3+ years, I lost a lot of confidence in my teeth/gums and always felt like I was going to have to get a lot of work done every 6 months. After my last appointment with my prior dentist, I knew I needed to find a honest dentist and unfortunately that is something hard to come about now a days. After doing a lot of research online, I came across Dr. Berschler and Downtown Phoenix Dental. Dr. Berschler and his staff are great. I immediately felt welcome and appreciated the fact that it is a smaller office and you really feel like your thoughts and concerns about your teeth are really valued. My cleaning went well and Melissa, the dental hygienist, was very nice and did a good thorough job. She complimented my teeth and told me she could tell I took good care of my teeth. A appreciated the boost in confidence! Actually, the only issues she found in my mouth were two fillings done by my prior dentist that were kinda jagged/sloppy (my words...not hers!)As soon as Dr. Berschler came over, he let me know my xrays looked good (happy dance for no cavities!) and asked if I had any areas of concern. I had a root canal about a year ago that still hurt occasionally and after describing what I was feeling and when I felt it, he quickly took me over to another chair and fixed the issue in less than one minute. WOW! Instant relief and no charge. Can't say enough good things about my visit today----I will be recommending him to everyone I know!!!
5	I just moved to the area, and it's difficult to find a good dentist.  After visiting Downtown Phoenix Dental, I have to agree with everybody on here - it's a great place!They had everything ready to go when I got in - they even e-mailed me the forms before the appointment so I had nothing to fill out.  Super friendly staff, not rough at all and they are very good about telling you all about what they are doing. Very easy to get too, just a quick few blocks walk from the Light Rail stop.   Will be returning for sure!
4	What a great location! Finally a doctor's office that I don't have to take an extra half hour off work just to drive there....Downtown Dental is a mere block from work and just over a mile from home - perfecto! Apparently, they validate parking but they will also let you park your bicycle inside :) Setting up and appointment was easy as everything can be done by computer/email. Bonus: they actually check and answer their "general" email.Their office is modern and x-rays are immediately transferred on to the computer screen. My hygienist was very friendly and I was never made to feel guilty about my flossing (or lack thereof).  She also skipped the whole song and dance of "You need to stop drinking soda" "Uhh...I don't drink soda" that seems to happen at every other place. Nice! Dr. B was very friendly and told me my teeth looked so good he thought that I had had braces at some point. Smooth. The one thing that I'm not so sure about is how OPEN this office there.  There are no doors or walls between "rooms" - just cabinets that separate each dental chair. I understand this is cool and modern, but I could literally hear loud and clear the patient's prognosis next to me (sorry about your gums, buddy!).  A little more privacy would be nice.
5	Great experience here.  I called last week, made an appointment with Robin, all paperwork was handled electronically and Robin introduced herself to me when I arrived.  Thorough cleaning, friendly staff, easy peasy.
5	I love Dr. Ben! I started working downtown a few years ago and needed to find a dentist that I could fit in on my lunch break or before work (30 minute cleanings). I met Dr. Ben at a bank standing in line and he was so friendly and invited me to try out his office! Since then I have seen his customer base grow twice the size. His office uses all of the latest dental software and equipment. Everything is clean and they keep UPDATED magazines in their lobby:) That's a big deal for me! Their office manager Robyn rocks at her job and it shows she takes pride in her job. I still make the drive downtown to his office even though I now work in Glendale. You guys rock!
5	Based on the reviews here (I always use Yelp) I decided to go to this dentist. Just recently moved to the area and now live downtown near the lite rail. It was so easy to get to the office. Upon arriving I was greeted by Robin (very friendly) and in a few minutes Dr. B came out and introduced himself. He shook my hand and I felt very welcome in this office.I don't think I've ever had that happen as a new patient. I didn't wait very long for my appointment and this was a plus for me. The reason I went today was because a crown fell out and I needed to be seen immediately. An x-ray was taken and then Dr. B replaced my crown. I think the whole time was about 15-25 minutes. I was very pleased with everyone in the office and made another appointment. My daughter is also a patient and she really likes this place as well.  I highly recommend this dental practice. A pleasant experience and I'm looking forward to going back!
2	I went because it felt like I needed a root canal. The dentist brushed it off and gave me a filling. The next day I had excruciating pain and asked if they could refer me to an endodontist. They said THEIR  endodontist didn't come in until the next week and all they could do is give me pain pills and antibiotics. I called them the next day and told them they needed to refer me to someone. They did so reluctantly. It seems they don't have the patients best interest in mind, just $$. I don't feel like the dentist listens or cares about his patients. I probably won't go back.
5	I wasn't looking forward to going to the dentist about a year ago when I scheduled my first visit with Downtown Dental, as I was looking at a fair amount of work, and I figured it wasn't going to be pleasant.  However, Dr Berschler and the staff at Downtown Dental have completely turned around my impression of the dental industry.  You show up on time, they greet you by name with a smile, and you're seen almost immediately - no kidding, I've been there 4 times now and the wait is always less than a few minutes.  They validate parking, have an excellent accounting engine, do fantastic work, and most of the paperwork and confirmations are done online.  I can't say enough about these people and the work that they do.  I recommend them to everyone I know.
5	I was not looking forward to finding a new dentist because I loved my old dentist, however when I moved to Phoenix, I needed to find a closer dentist and I found Downtown Phoenix Dental on Yelp. All the positive reviews I read definitely steered me in the right direction. I was impressed with all the digital communication from the start. I was able to fill out all the insurance paperwork before I went into the office, which was really nice. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and as an added bonus I didn't even have to wait, even thought I arrived at my appointment a few minutes early. Stephanie was my hygienist, and she shared a lot of great information about at home care with me during the visit. She also seemed concerned about my comfort, and during the cleaning she asked if I had any sensitive areas and continued to check on my comfort level. I was very pleased with my experience, and my husband and I will now be regular patients. Thanks for the great dental care!
5	Dr. Berschler is the best!  Signed up for a dental plan (HM0) but found out Dr. Berschler was not on the plan and was very disappointed. Went to a dentist on the plan but had a lot of problems with the office and now I'm back! I can't say enough about Downtown Phoenix Dental.  Everyone is top knotch and I'm sorry I even considered a change. I'm recommending this office to all my friends.
2	They get the first star for being very tech savvy.  On line registration and form completion, e-mail reminders etc.  Very helpful for this techie.They get the second star for being downtown, close to work.  That was a big plus.They lost a star because when I was there for a cleaning and check up the dentist never even looked in my mouth.  He glanced at the x-rays and proclaimed all is good.  Not poking, prodding, scraping. He depended totally on the hygenist.They lost another star for the hygenist telling me I needed a "Deep" cleaning.  Upselling me on my first visit!  I have been going to dentist my whole life, 2 visits a year for check up and cleaning.  No one else has ever mentioned a "Deep"  cleaning.  Made it sound like I was about to lose all my teeth.Lost another star for not taking serious my complaints of headaches and jaw pain.  Turns out I had TMJ issues.  In reality this was the main reason for making the appointment.Lastly, my bill showed that I had a "Gross" Scaling done, which is highly unlikely.Why do I know the last three stars should be deducted, because a week later I went back to my own doctor (due to jaw pain) and explained what happened.  He "enlightened" me on how those three points did not line up right.   Oh by the way, the second doctor is addressing my jaw pain, and it is working!Sorry i will not be coming back.
5	Dr. Ben is a dental genius, and his staff led by Robin is simply wonderful to me.Having been "on the road" for about 25 years, I've had TONS of different dentists in my mouth (I literally can think of more than fifteen since childhood, probably more) and practically every dental procedure known to mankind performed on me.  It hasn't always gone well in the past.This is the Dentist I now choose, and will remain with - which basically says it all.  I highly recommend this dental office.
5	Well, I've done pretty well in finding some good spots in Phoenix after moving here from NC. First I found a good general doctor, then I found a great hair stylist, and now I appear to have done well on the dentist pick. I found Downtown Phoenix Dental because my office, when I choose to use it, is downtown. Walking to the office one day, I passed the dentist office's sign out by the corner. Good advertising! I checked out their Yelp reviews, which looked pretty good, and made an appointment. The office is rather hip and modern looking, kind of open. They file everything with your insurance company first, and then let you know if you have a balance of any kind to pay. If so, you can pay them online or in the office. They send you an email to confirm your appointment, and they've been really cool with me when I've needed to reschedule. Ask for Stephanie the dental hygienist!! She's awesome.
4	The folks at this office are amazing for being in the dental health. I found this dentist by reading Yelp reviews as I was looking for one that does not do the practice of upsaling.  I am saving money and getting top touch service.Robin does an amazing job of running this office.Down to Earth, Friendly and easy on the dental fear...
5	I visited Downtown Dental yesterday for my 6 mo. cleaning and check-up. They received my x-rays from my previous dentist and did a few extra bite wings to get a more comprehensive view.They did my cleaning, scraping, polishing, and flossing, and the dentist checked my mouth, chart, and x-rays. It was all very quick, and everyone was very polite and attentive.They used the latest technology--the bite wing x-ray was a handheld gun and the cleaning tool was high-pressure water brush. Pretty cool. The place is also paperless: online patient paperwork, emailed appointment reminders, and an active FB.The office is new, modern, and very open. Parking in the underground garage is free, and the attendant will park your car for you.I highly recommend.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place!  I've never had a "great" dentist and staff, so I was excited to find Downtown Phoenix Dental.All of the forms were online which was very convenient and they have valet parking.I was greeted at the door by Robin (who is so friendly) and Dr. Berschler.  I was offered a bottle of water and had my parking validated right away.I waited in the lobby for less than 30 seconds and was walked back by the dental hygienist Stephanie.  She is phenomenal!  Very friendly and very personable.  She was thorough and checked on me several times to ensure I was comfortable.  She also gave great tips for home care and recommended new products.  Dr. Berschler was great as well!  He reviewed my x-rays with me and was very polite. I will be back and will recommend to everyone!
5	My now-favorite dentist (if it's possible to have a favorite dentist). There were no issues or referrals needed to get in as a first time customer...which seems to be rare in Phoenix.  The office and records are run smoothly, including being able to fill out all paperwork online before the appointment. They'll even contact your insurance before the visit so there aren't any day of surprises.  Inside the office is clean, open, and high-tech. It's awesome!  But the best part was the friendly staff...everyone from the front desk receptionist and dental techs to the dentist himself knew my name (and history) as I walked in.  It's great to feel welcome somewhere that is generally considered uncomfortable.
5	It had been a while since I'd gone to the dentist since I moved and wasn't sure where to go, but this place was great! I went in, had my cleaning, made my next appointment and was in my car again in 30 minutes. Everyone was very friendly and I was so glad that the dentist didn't invent reasons for me to have more dental work done like some places do. Will definitely be back.
5	Been going here since beginning of December I hate the dentist avoided it for YEARS but I had the worst tooth ache so my partner recommended this place now I will never go anywhere else the staff is amazing Thank you Downtown Phoenix Dental for making my visits the best I'll be seeing more of you!
5	I've put off going to the dentist for a couple years because I had a bad experience at the last one I went to but I decided I had to woman up and make an appointment for a checkup and cleaning.  Of course I used Yelp to look for places because with something like this I needed to know that they had a good reputation.  Downtown Phoenix Dental not only had a really good rating but there were more reviews for them than the other options listed.I called to make an appointment and Caleb was very friendly and helpful in getting me set up.  They have you do all your new patient paperwork online ahead of time so you won't have to do it when you get there.  The days I had originally requested weren't available so I made one for the following week but the next day he actually emailed me and let me know that there had been an opening and I actually could get in the day I had asked for!When I showed up for my appointment Caleb already knew my name (I guess I was the only appointment for that time slot) and didn't really need much from me.  I didn't have to wait long, someone came and took my X-Rays and then the hygienist called me over to look at them and get started on the cleaning.  Her name was Audra and she was very nice and gentle.  Cleanings are never fun, I don't know about you but the scraping feeling is worse than if it was actually painful, but she did everything quickly so it wasn't too bad.  Not to mention my teeth look great!Once she was done the dentist himself came over to talk to me for a little bit and look at everything as well.  To my surprise everything was good, (I figured I'd have bad teeth karma since I hadn't been to a dentist in so long) and they just scheduled me for another cleaning in 6 months!  No unnecessary procedures suggested or issues that they needed to see me for.  I actually liked them so much that I requested to come back just to speak with the Orthodontist when she comes in.  I'm actually looking forward to coming back rather than dreading it so I'm very happy Yelp steered me in the right direction yet again!
5	You guys were great!  First I enjoyed the free valet parking.  Second, I thought it was very cordial that I was offered a water by the front desk staff.  Next I loved that I was seated right when I arrived and the work began.  I loved, loved, loved, the fact that I didn't have to do a million X-rays.  The office was also decorated very sophisticated and urban which goes nicely with the downtown vibe.  Very clean also!  After raving about it, my partner is now going to become a client and my best friend who lives at 44 Monroe right across the street is going to switch over as well.  Keep up the great work guys!  Very impressed!
5	After two visits, I'm very happy with my decision to go with Downtown Phoenix Dental. The staff is very friendly, the office is clean and well-run and they seem about as cool as you can ask for.Like many people, I'd put off going to the dentist for too long, but there was no judgment or feelings of guilt, just a plan of action that was put together to make up for lost time. I'm looking forward to having a rejuvenated smile and healthy teeth and hopefully being a long-time patient of Dr. Berschler.Highly recommended if you live or work downtown -- it's easy to walk or take the light rail to and they provide free valet parking if you drive. What more can you ask for?
5	I never thought I would be so excited about a dental office!  I found this place through yelp, and I am so glad I did.  The office staff were pleasant, and the place looked modern, not sterile like most dental offices.   I have been avoiding going to the dentist for about 2 years because of several bad experiences, including pain and the fear of upselling.  Like other people have mentioned, they have modern equipment, including digital X-rays.  I have always loathed getting X-rays because of the extreme discomfort, but there was no pain here!  The dental hygienist, Angel, was thorough and did a great job cleaning my teeth!  She also said a regular cleaning would be fine; I have been told I need "deep cleaning" in the past.  The dentist, Dr. Berschler, looked over my teeth at the end, and said "looks fine...I just recommend keeping up the regular cleanings every 6 months".  Wow!!  I am actually excited to go back.
5	It had been five years since my last dental appointment. I chose Downtown Phoenix Dental because of all the great Yelp reviews. They were all right!!Big shout out to my hygienist, Angel! She was very gentle and made me enjoy being there. I needed to have two cleanings because my gums were inflamed on my first visit. You can bet I bought an electric toothbrush (they sell them there!) and upped my flossing game between appts. My teeth and gums are looking fantastic! I seriously recommend the electric toothbrush sold at DPD, if you don't already have one. My teeth are whiter, and my gums love it.  They have two lovely people working at the front desk., and it was a pleasure to see their faces at both appts. One person at the front desk always makes me feel kinda sad. How lonely. Two smiling people, who clearly get along, and are super friendly on the phone, sets the vibe for the office. Dr. Berschler has a warm personality and a great smile. I didn't need any heavy duty stuff done, but if I do, I will feel very at ease coming to Dr. Berschler! My teeth looked great and he said he'd tell the Easter bunny I had done well! That made me smile, and I've been thinking about it all day, really wanting a hollow chocolate bunny (which I would promptly brush my teeth after having). THANKS for starting my day off great everyone!! What a great team!Another shout-out to Byron Jay from the Westward Ho. We discussed Cricket Bars (as seen on Shark Tank) and escargot in the waiting room prior to our appointments. It was a pleasure.
5	Greetings Yelpers!Just a quick update, it's been a few years that I have been a patient here, and wanted to make sure everyone knew this place was still the only dental practice you need to know!Had a checkup and dental cleaning last week, and like always- Downtown Phoenix Dental (DPD) was stress and hassle free! Easy free valet parking in the garage, a quick ride up to ground level and you are at DPD. You are greeted warmly and before you can sit down, you are taken back to the treatment area. DPD has a wonderful aesthetic with plenty of beautiful art. It somehow manages to be open and airy, but also provides a nice level of privacy, so you are comfortable.This visit I had the best cleaning ever, and the hygienist was Audra, who has amazing skills. Audra was very friendly and highly efficient, she did a very throughout cleaning and I didn't feel a thing! I should admit, I am dental phobic, big time. I used to cringe at the thought at going, and honestly since I started going to DPD, that is all behind me. The care is so good and thoughtful at DPD, truly have no worries. Audra was super cool and had a great way of communicating what she was doing. Just a great job- and easily the best cleaning experience i've ever had.Dr. Ben is a great dentist and greets you warmly and sincerely. DPD uses the latest in dental technology and that means less time in the chair! Dr. Ben reviewed my xrays and conducted an exam. I must admit, hearing the words "Looking great- see you in six months." is hugely exciting to me, especially since I used to be full of cavities and problems. Since I got into a good pattern with DTD, and regular check-ups, I haven't had any problems, and neither will you. It pays off to take care of your choppers and attend your bi-annual checkups. Thanks DTD, you guys are awesome, and make a potentially scary visit a complete breeze! If only the rest of the world ran like DPD- things would be pretty sweet. In the meantime for all your dental care needs, do yourself a favor and check this place out.
5	Great downtown location that's easy to access. Validated garage parking available for your appointment. Always accommodating and friendly staff. Prompt service so that you can get back to work after a quick lunch time appointment. Have been coming here for years for my 6 month cleanings and I've never had a bad experience.
5	Great dentist and great office.  Seriously, free valet!  Everything is electronic, seriously not a piece of paper anywhere which I love, no upselling on unnecessary dental work.  Didn't have to wait more than a minute for both of my appointments.  My hygienist went through and explained exactly what she was doing and what the tool she had did, I've never had that done before and I loved it.  I got a new retainer and didn't walk out of there broke, was very happy with the price.  Robin at the front desk is great and quickly responds to emails.  I'm definitely staying with them.
5	Went for cleaning and check-up. very friendly service. no waiting. free validated parking.
