5	Ever since this place opened up, my entire quality of life skyrocketed. I am originally from the Bay Area and am used to a large quantity of high quality Japanese food, not to mention my favorite Korean food ever (and I used to live in Hawai'i too). Since I moved here, I've tried udon in about 4 different "Japanese" restaurants. (I put that in quotes as the majority of them are run by non-Japanese who are clearly using a free hand to interpret the Japanese food.) This is the only place I got it more than once. In fact every month since they opened. And the Kal Bi, zomg, it is so good. Although after a year or so they sweetened the marinade. It's not as good, in my opinion, but totally worth ordering.They have the tagline "yummy lunchbox" which is a literal translation of oishii bento. And let me tell you, it is seriously yummy. They are generously sized portions - the lunchbox will have rice, noodles, kimchi or salad, and a couple slices of picked daikon, and 2 gyoza as well as the main dish - and prices almost reasonable. I mean it's about Oakland prices when you compare to like, say, Qdoba, Panera, Red Oak Cafe, etc. I have also enjoyed the shrimp tempura appetizer and the beef bulgogi. The gyoza on the other hand is deep fried more in the Korean style, so that I don't love. Also the chicken teriyaki, while beloved of my co-workers, I found a little tough. Plus made with white meat, boooo. Oh, and they have sushi, but I am not a sushi eater, so don't ask me. Also, upstairs seating means it may be possible to eat in.Frankly, Oishii is like one of my fave 3 restaurants in Pittsburgh. Oishii Bento, daisuke.
4	Good lunchboxes and pretty reasonable prices. There's seating upstairs so there's almost never a wait. My only complaint is parking options - but Oakland is always tough.
3	I stop by this store around 8PM.Parking was really hard to find, but luckily I found one after search around about 10 min.This was 2 storage building which they have a seat at second floor also.I search the menu and this place more close to Korean food then Japanese.Price was very reasonable.I ordered Spicy Pork bulgogi bento and Miso soup, and it cost me not over 8 bucks.I been lived Los Angles for 17 years, so my taste for Korean food is very spoiled.When I tried to taste my food...well it was not great, but it was okay taste to me if you think about the price.Miso soup was not that great, and spicy pork was little too much sauce on it. But for the overall taste when I consider here is Pittsburgh it was pretty okay to me.I watched around what kind of the other people order here, and most of people was eating bulgogi ( Korean style rib eye) or garbi (Korean style BBQ short rib).I re command you try bulgogi bento or Gari Bento.
4	This place has good fresh food, especially the bento boxes. The sushi is okay, and cheap.  Jessica M. and I would go during nursing school when we needed a sushi pick-me-up after a long day. Best sushi in Oakland.Going on off hours is a good idea if you want to sit in the big windowed, sunny upstairs room and watch the people below and discuss all the awesome places you're going to do travel nursing when you get outta dodge...
3	This place is good for what it is: Cheap fast food. I wouldn't consider it a great place to take a date or a fancy meal. It's in the style of an Americanized Korean place that also does Japanese food, which is not entirely uncommon in other cities. You aren't getting the most authentic Korean food, but it's not so bad. I don't think the portions are so incredibly large compared to similar type places in California.As far as Oakland eating options, this may be one of the best for quality, taste, value.
3	It's like Korean and Japanese fast food. You can get sushi (its hard to get good sushi in Pittsburgh so by those standards, its pretty decent). You can also get the usual Korean fare: bulgogi, galbi, and kimchi. My favorite is the galbi bento (although its over $8 so I don't usually get it), or the bulgogi bowl. The bento boxes come with a little bit of chap chae (Korean glass noodles), kim chi, a salad with "oriental dressing", japanese yellow pickles, a few pot stickers (not bad, not good), and of course, whatever entree you ordered. The bowls are simple: rice topped with meat. Yum! The space is small though so its okay for 4-people groups.
4	Anyone will tell you that this place makes no sense.  Its got a japanese name and serves alot of korean food, but if you order the spicy pork, you'll understand why it doesn't matter (yes yes, I know the serve some japanese food, but mainly its just sushi).  Its not amazing, but its really good and its fast and cheap.  If you are walking around oakland and want something tasty, this place is second to none!
4	Great lunch food! I especially like the spicy pork bulgogi--a generous portion and lots of flavor. Maybe not the best thing to eat on a hot summer day (the spiciness will overheat you for sure) but it sure tastes good. Lunchtime is crowded and loud, but not unpleasantly so.
4	The bento boxes are huge servings for the price, which is the only thing I've had on the menu. The restaurant is small and cute, and the service is very nice. The food was very hot, and good, although not amazingly so. The salad didn't have enough dressing on it.We were expecting Japanese food, though the menu appears to be half Korean at least. The drinks are cans of soda, and they serve Pepsi productts only. Also, they only take Visa/Mastercard - no Discover or American Express.
3	Yummy box is a good description for this place. I don't know where else you can get a substantial Korean-inspired bento box for $7. This place is the chinese take-out of korean bento boxes, and it's a great alternative when you want take-out, and I bet it would be a good lunch spot. I wouldn't head here for a sit-down dinner. Overall, this is a surprise treat for take-out food.
4	This is definitely a good pick for budget-minded students looking for sushi or Korean food.  The restaurant itself is tiny, but the bright colors and big windows of the upstairs dining room help open it up visually.  Service was not super fast but the food was pretty good.  $5.25 gets you 12 vegetarian sushi rolls (I chose 6 avocado & 6 cucumber, but you can also get carrot.)  My boyfriend got the $7.50 bulgogi bento and I was amazed at the amount of food: side salad, pickles, 2 dumplings, a cold noodle salad, and plenty of beef and rice.There are not too many vegetarian options so it probably won't be someplace I visit often, but the sushi was pretty good and we got a lot of food for about $15.  And there are coupons on their website, so make sure you print them off before you go!
5	Oishii Bento offers Korean and Japanese offerings, I have only sampled the Korean dishes.Cheap, delicious, and fast.  There is nothing else one can really ask for.  I've sampled their Spicy Pork Bulgogi Bento/Bowl and their Galbi Bento, and both are delicious.  All the meat options are made to order.  Bowls come with the dish on top of rice while Bentos also include pickled yellow radish, kyoza's (Korean fried dumplings), japchae, and the choice of a basic salad (iceberg) with peanut sauce or kimchi.  An entire meal runs for around $10 tops, and the average wait is definitely less than 10 minutes.Highly recommended.
4	places like Oishii Bento make me wish I lived on or near a college campus.    If oishii Bento wore 66 it would score a natural hat trick, Its good, cheap and for the area its unique.  I must say thinking about OB brings out the poet in me.Two roads diverged from a steel cityShogun? OB? oh hell with HibachiThe flying shrimp out of our wayParking nearby we shall prayBento boxes peaks my interestand that has made all the difference
4	Cheap, easy, and good.  I'd only give this place 3.5 stars based on the food, but the low prices make this a good enough value for 4 stars to be justified.  I had a tonkatsu bento, which came with a large helping of katsu (breaded, fried pork), rice, gyoza, kimchi, some noodles, and some other things I'm forgetting.  Everything was pretty good, and the quantity of food was pretty impressive considering it only cost about $8.  This seems like somewhere that would be great for lunch, although I'm sure it's good for a quick dinner too.
3	I'm a fan of the sides that come with the bentos here, especially the glass noodles.  A little bit of pickled yellow radish, and bit of salad hits the spot.I don't, however, recommend the teriyaki bentos here.  I had the tofu teriyaki bento, and there was just too much sauce.  And big pieces of cooked onion.  Unfortunately the two vegetarian friendly bentos here are teriyaki dishes (tofu and vegetable teriyakis), so maybe I'm just outta luck.  The vegetarian sushi rolls are pretty limited to just cucumber, avocado and carrot, but they're decent.  The upstairs seating area is brightly colored and pleasant for an Oakland eatery.  I'll come back to try the vegetable bibimbab.*Edit: Another Yelper pointed out that teriyaki sauce can have meat/meat-based ingredients in it.  I didn't think of asking the folks at this place about that.  Double check before ordering if this is an issue for you, too.   You're not missing much if the teriyaki dishes aren't vegetarian-friendly.
5	Delicious california rolls made right in front of your eyes, and aloe chunk juice in cans.  What more could a person want?! Seriously, this place serves quality fresh food - only drawback is the (sometimes) long wait. Try the ocean roll, rainbow roll, or california roll and a seaweed salad.
5	Mmm.  This is probably the opposite of Chaya -- where I go when I want to pay very little and stuff myself with somewhat Americanized food.  Then again, what do I know about whether it's authentic?  I haven't been to Japan or Korea.I always order the sushi, and even though I have a huge appetite when it comes to that vinegared rice, I can't usually make it through three rolls here.  These are generous portions.  The beef bowls and Korean BBQ are great too, or so I'm told.The cushion seating along the window is cute, despite the crappy view of Oakland Avenue, but unfortunately I'm too tall to sit there comfortably (at only 5'6"!)
4	Great food. Strange seating, but the price is right.
4	I really enjoyed my beef bulgogi bento box for lunch today.  The spicy tuna rolls were nomful as well.  and the price certainly kicked ass.
4	I'm a fan of Oishii! It's quick and easy on the wallet, great for a quick dinner or lunch. The place itself is small and it looks like there's nowhere to sit but they have a whole upstairs area with tables and cushion-seat counter. I got a bulgogi bento box here that came with a miso soup and sides of kimchi, pickled radish and glass noodles - all for under $10! We also got a spicy tuna roll, it still wasn't spicy and the rice wasn't very packed but for being $4 or so, I wasn't complaining.
3	Good on my wallet, cheap, and their bento boxes ain't half-bad.
4	Although the block of Oakland between Forbes and 5th is littered with "Asian" restaurants, most look dubious at best. Oishii is the sole exception. This clean and cheerful Korean/Japanese eatery serves solid lunch boxes efficiently at a reasonable price.  The bentos and bowls run for about $7. They are generously portioned and contain a good mix of flavors, making for a satisfying quick meal. I am less sure if it'd be worthwhile to get the sushi here. I suspect better quality-to-price deals can be scored elsewhere. I recommend the bibimbap.Overall, I think the food quality is probably more in the range of 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because it is vastly superior to most other Asian fast-food options in Oakland.
4	Decent value for the money, and I've been content with the things I've tried here. Being a grad student, I only allow myself a limited budget ($100) each month to eat out for lunch, and from that perspective, I consider this to be a "mid-tier" place- I can count on being happy with what I order, unlike some of the truly cheap places around; and although it's too expensive for daily trips, it's cheap enough that I'm a semi-regular customer. A solid choice.
4	Oishii has good sushi and asian food for a good price.  I'd say they're better tasting than Sushi Boat across the street, but at a slightly higher cost.  The food here is good.  The bulgogi bowls are cheap and a great deal, and the sushi is decent quality.  Try the caterpillar roll - you won't regret it!The inside of the place is clean and they have seating upstairs.  Staff is friendly and you don't wait too long for food.  Give it a try, you'll like it.
5	I love this place.  It's hard to get decent Korean food around CMU/UPitt, and I feel like this is probably one of the best ones around.  It's very accessible in Oakland, and there is a small parking lot next to it (metered).I only get one thing here: The bulgogi bento.  It costs under $10, and you get the kimchi or salad along with sides of Korean clear noodles (SO GOOD), some fried dumplings, and those yellow carrot things.  The bulgogi has a lot of onions though (which is fine).  And I am obsessed with Oishii salad.  Weird I know, but I think it's some sort of sesame or ginger dressing (forgot), but it's very good.  I've gotten the udon here before, but it's kind of bland.  So, bulgogi it is!It's kind of hard to find seating during busy hours because both upstairs and downstairs there isn't much seating area.  You can get free water upstairs too.I love this place and I'm going to miss it when I leave CMU!
4	Oishii gets an extra star for cleanliness which is a rarity among Oakland's eateries. I've never had the sushi but the tempura vegetables are excellent, fried to lightly golden perfection and not greasy. I love that they offer miso soup (only $1!!! ). I only wish the portions of kimchi were a little bigger, but again - it's also only $1.
4	Good food, reasonably priced, and a sampler of food with the bento box. I recommend the bulgogi box, along with several of the other reviewers.
4	Their best roll is the oishii.  It's probably my favorite roll in the Pittsburgh area.  The place is reasonably priced and the food overall is of a high quality.  It's a VERY casual place, however and it's located near the University of Pittsburgh in Oakland.  Parking can be a little tough, but there is a small metered parking lot near by.
3	This place is a bit pricey for what it is -- that it to say, a quick sit-down/to-go type joint crowded with students. The bf and I ordered a bento box each, the oishi roll and a spicy salmon roll. The damage? About $30+. The rundown: the spicy pork was decent (but this is pretty hard to mess up), the chicken katsu was forgettable, the oishi roll was pretty good, and the spicy salmon, again, not very memorable. We'll probably be back again, but I've definitely had better and for a cheaper price.
3	This place is a little pricey for a sushi roll lunch, but the rolls themselves were flavorful and attractive. I will definitely be going back to get my sushi fix on campus.However. This place lost a whole star for me because of the atmosphere. It's cute but a little crowded and frantic. For the price, I'd also want to be eating with real, washable plates and cups instead of styrofoam and plastic.
4	Good bang for the buck, freshly made to order so be prepared to wait 10 minutes during a busy lunch line to be served. Had the spicy pork bento for lunch today. Good sized portions with your choice of miso soup, salad, or kimchi on the side.I might quibble with the amount of onions in the pork mix, but it was till very tasty.
4	Totally forgot to review this place the last time I was in Pittsburgh. This small fast food style Korean-owned joint offers both Japanese and Korean dishes. While I have not tried any of the rolls the 3 times I've been here, I'm solely basing my generous rating on the Korean food because its the only place I know that can satiate this craving in the city. The dining area is definitely small where there is a 2nd floor and a small bar area on the first floor. And the ambiance is catered for busy people looking for a bite to eat or for the college crowd. Call in advance for your carry-out order otherwise you can wait 5-10 minutes for a walk-in order if its busy. Good portions and expect to drop $8-10 per person. What I've ordered:- bibimbap - recommend - spicy pork bento (comes with your option of sides) - good enoughWill I come back?- when I need a quick korean fix
4	Oishii is not a sushi bar that some of you might be used to. So if you ar looking to try different types of sushi, it might be better to go somewhere else. However, if you are craving good sushi at a very reasonable price then this is the place to go. I would highly recommend the oishii rolls and the galbi bento (if you like ribs).It is located on the University of Pittsburgh campus so you would be sure to bump into a lot of students.
4	Though this was only my second attempt at Korean food, my visit to oishii didn't disappoint. After supposedly having the best Korean buffalo had to offer, i was curious to see how restaurants in Oakland measured up.After reading reviews on yelp, i decided to give oishii a try.  The galbi was awesome- juicy, fatty, and tender. Based on limited experience, the kimchi was also really good. Not to hot but not bland either.Maybe pricey by some college students standards, but you get your moneys worth. I recommend! I cant wait to come back and try what else oishii has to offer!
4	This place is wonderful. Offers a wide variety of Korean and Japanese food, and is reasonably priced to boot.  The ton-katsu is particularly good, as is the galbi.  Perfect place for when you need lunch on the go, and offers take-out in a japanese style bento lunchbox with a wide variety of sides, including kimchi/salad, gyoza dumplings, mungbean noodles, and pickled radishes.
4	The only words you need to know is "Spicy Pork Bugogi Bowl"mmk? It's delicious; it's filling; it's served piping hot and spicy hot.  Great bowl of rice with heaps of pork that's coated in a red hot sauce with sauteed onions.  YUM.Only gripe: A little $$, minimal seating, and long long LONG waits at lunch.Otherwise...go get the pork.
4	Had two rolls from Oishii Bento today for lunch.  Sushi was very fresh and had great taste.  Called ahead and it was ready when I got there from the office.  I will be back next time I am in the Oakland area.
5	I absolutely love this place.  No other Japanese/Korean restaurant offers anything like it, even though many of the same dishes/sushi is offered elsewhere.  The quality of the meat and veggies is amazing, and the prices are so reasonable.  The staff are also really friendly.  Must tries:  Bulgogi bento, chicken teriyaki bento, bulgogi bibimbab, oishii roll.  When I lived in Pittsburgh, I ate there at least once a week and now when I visit, I hit this place up at least once!
4	Came here for the first time with my bf for lunch for some quick yummy food before heading to Phipps Conservatory. We got the bulgogi bento and chicken-katsu bento. It was nice being able to sit on the second story and people watch. The food came out really fast and for $8, you get a good amount of food. The bulgogi was flavorful and the katsu was cut into small sized strips. I think it was a good fusion between japanese presentation and korean food. There's a lot of things I wanted to try on the menu, so when I come back, I definitely would like to try the bulgogi bibimbab!
3	I can't speak for the sushi since I've never had it but I can say that this is a pretty good place to go if you want lunch for the bento boxes or for carry out. They have seats upstairs so that's at least nice. I think a huge thing I would have to say is if you plan on getting anything with katsu, I would STRONGLY suggest that you get the sauce on the side. The sauce is super salty and the tonkatsu or chicken katsu will be over sauced if you just have them put it on directly. I got it once that way and totally regret it since I could only eat half of the serving. I just couldn't stomach the excess sauce. The next time I got it on the side, it was much better and you could taste the crispiness of the chicken.Their bento boxes are pretty reasonable and while I would say the miso soup is a bit sub par, I would say everything else is pretty good eats.
4	Ordered the spicy pork bento.  It was very tasty and the portion sizes were huge.  Very student-budget friendly, but still somewhat expensive compared to the surrounding restaurants.  Will definitely be returning here again before my visit ends.
5	Want to try more!
4	Oishii is a hidden gem in my book! It is hidden off of Forbes on Oakland but I even almost drove past the place as was distracted by the other lit restaurants. Super clean and vertically compact inside. Order on the first floor and can eat on the second. Oishii to me is all about business. I came in looking for an array of udon dishes but instead found a focus on bento, sushi and bowls. I settled on the bulgogi bento with an app of tempura. Tempura was crispy and not greasy accompanied by a light sauce. Bulgogi bento came with cold noodles, rice, bulgogi beef and mushroom and onion combo, something yellow and then dumplings. Also with some miso soup. I enjoyed the cold noodles and dumplings. Bulgogi was ok though I think I will come back for the spicy pork. What I like about Oishii is the price for all of this food - $7.50 for the bento and $7 for the tempura. Can't be beat for dinner. I'll be back to try other things.
3	Oishii has some pretty good food for reasonable prices. I always liked the teryaki bowl, but I have tried the Oishii roll, which is really good, too.
4	For some reason, on the day I came here, I was really biased and just really wanted salmon wherever I went so I ordered the salmon bento. The salmon itself wasn't too bad, although I can tell it was probably frozen and recooked or something. The sauce wasn't too salty but it just tasted like soy sauce. The bento was worth its value and I would definitely recommend this place for its bentos. As for the sushi, I haven't tried it because they looked too big and "plastic-y". The place is definitely more "fast food" than "restaurant" but it's nice how they give you your order directly even while you're sitting upstairs.
4	Their red heat roll is delicious!  it is a spicy California roll topped with tuna.  At 9 something after tax its worth it for a healthy tasty lunch.  It is quite beautiful too, but that's the raw tuna lover in me talking.  Sushi always amazes me because you know the fish were swimming in oceans thousands of miles away just two to three days ago!  Its always fresh at Oishii and sushi is a work of craft here (as it should be anywhere)!  Idk how but i only realized recently that wasabi complements raw fish so perfectly, it elevates the sushi/sashimi experience to another level.  If you're wary of the fishiness of raw fish try extremely fresh fish with wasabi and soy sauce.  It is unfortunate about this place that they use a lot of packaging and styrofoam and aren't environment friendly in that sense.  Maybe I'll suggest that they switch to real plates and such for their dine upstairs orders, I'm thinking it would be slightly more cost effective on their end as well.  Sadly I'm always crossing my fingers and hoping their fish is sustainably harvested and I'm not participating in killing fish stocks around the world whenever I'm eating fish, but fish is healthy brain food with lots of omega-3 fatty acids!  Their other dishes and bento boxes are great as well.  I particularly like their katsu don bowl, its one Japanese dish that i am obsessed with.  I will try it at any Japanese place I go to, the eggs and sauce are so delicious at a good place.  For korean food the kalbi bento is good, I have a weakness for beef short ribs in any form.  The portion size is just ok, someone with a normal to big appetite might crave more after the meal but that's always kalbi for you.
5	Oishii Bento is a great place to get a quick lunch when you're on the go - it's always packed with Korean students, which is a good sign in my books, and if you put the number in your phone and call while enroute, your order will be ready and waiting for you to skip the (reasonable) wait! My favorite is the katsudon, a breaded chicken cutlet cooked in a broth with scrambled eggs and onions and served over rice. The portion is HUGE, definitely enough for 1.5-2 meals or for one person who isn't counting calories. The bento are also fantastic, with fried gyoza, glass noodle salad, pickled daikon, rice, salad/kimchi and generous portion of the main dish. My favorite is the Oishii Bento itself with shrimp tempura over veggies in sauce, and any bento here is pretty much a "eat this and skip dinner" meal. My office orders the big sushi trays ($50) for parties, and they are a huge hit. For cheap sushi, you can't beat this place, because the fish is actually good and the presentation is also very nice. If you have a big sushi order, definitely call in advance or order at an off-peak time, because the sushi chef is one of the busiest of their cooks. Overall, a great Japanese/Korean food addition to the Oakland area, and everything is very authentic and tasty!
4	Really really great food, especially for the price.  I am always greeted by friendly, happy servers when I walk in which is refreshing since some places (*ahem* Taiwan Cafe *ahem* Sushi Boat) right across the street have good food yet awful service.  Once I order on the first floor, I usually sit upstairs and wait for my food to be brought up.  The wait usually takes only about 5 or 10 minutes.  I always get the Spicy Pork Bento from here.  For $7.25, you get the spicy pork, a small side of noodles, gyoza, rice and pickled daikon on your plate and you get a small side of kimchi (or salad) as well.  Can't really ever go wrong with place!
5	The bulgogi bowl is fantabulous!
4	This place has the best bulgogi in Pittsburgh. I ate tons of bulgogi growing up but every time I would order it in Pittsburgh I would be disappointed. Oishii Bento changed that for me. The place was packed and I was the only non-Asian in the place. We ordered the bulgogi bento, soft crab roll, miso soup and shrimp dumplings. Based on the prices, I figured the portion size wouldn't be that big. I was wrong. The portions are big and we couldn't finish everything. I have been walking past this place for the last couple of years and now regret not trying it sooner. I will surely be back to this place soon.
4	yay! i'm a fan.  I have been so disappointed by food in Pittsburgh, but oishii was goooood!  This place was so good.  fast fresh great flavour.  we got take out so it was packed well for us to go home and eat.  I will for sure be back.
5	I have only been here twice but I feel like I can give this 5 stars.  I am not a pro on eating Korean food, so I have nothing to compare it to but I love it.  I have only gotten the bento boxes, one spicy pork and the other chicken katsu.  It is always a tough decision as to what to get.  The service is quick and terrific also.  They might not be the nicest staff but they are efficient.  Whether super busy school year or less busy summer, they can churn out the food.  Order anything and you won't be disappointed.
4	Decent food for reasonable prices. Honestly, the best deal around in terms of quality/price. Bowls are good, bentos are not worth it, and sushi is ok, considering it is cheaper than worse attempts
4	Great place to pick up DELICIOUS, inexpensive Korean food on the go.  I recommend the bento dishes.  You get tasty meat (beef, pork, chicken, salmon, etc...) served with rice, few fried dumplings, and rice noodles and your choice of Kimchi, salad, or miso soup, which are carefully arranged in boxed containers.  It's not much of a sit-down place, though there is a small area upstairs with tables (which should be back open in about a month; see note below).   I had a slight cold and had the spicy beaf soup two days in a row.  The soup did wonders in clearing up my sinuses and helping my sore throat.  FIRE UPDATE:in mid June, there was a fire, and the the fire damaged part of the second floor.  The place closed down for about a month and a half, but as of yesterday, they are back open!  The second floor is temporarily closed, though they now have some flat screens for the menu, and the prices are also about $.50 lower than before.  Glad Oishii is back!
5	I have eaten here every week since arriving in Pittsburgh. Mind you, I have only ever had the beef bulgogi bowl, which is amazing! I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Great food for the price and perfect for when you are busy/on the go. I lived on this stuff in college!
4	Lovely owner, and lovely sushi.  This was one of my go to spots when I went to Pitt.  The sushi is priced just right for students, and is always fresh and fast.  If you want to eat good sushi but not spend a lot of money this is the place!
3	Food is really good. Just a small takeout place.  Their Korean food is really good not sure how fresh their sushi are.  Fast place always a lineup. Its cheap and good.
4	Delicious and inexpensive option that is consistently great. I am in love with the bento dishes and the bowls. For the amount of food they give you...$8 is a steal. My favorite is the Spicy Pork and Donkatsu bentos: a huge portion of meat, 2 dumplings, pickled radishes, jap chae (vermicelli), and rice? All equally tasty! Who knew that Korean food could be so affordable?Your best bet for lunch in the area.
5	Bento tastes really good, especially for east asian taste. Sushi is ok, though a little bit expensive.
4	I love Asian flavors.  This spot has Korean and Japanese fare and the menu was full of mouth-watering options by the look of it.  I could've chosen among sushi, udon, bento, or bowls for my meal.  I decided upon the Bulgogi bowl with the help of my dining companion for my lunch.  It was a huge bowl of rice and thinly sliced beef, mushrooms, onions, and scallions.  It was very delicious and more than enough.  I ended up taking 1/2 of it home for dinner.  It's a small venue.  At first I thought it only consisted of the downstairs which only held room for a few at a small window counter.  I was glad when my friend escorted me upstairs to a bigger dining area.  Good thing we got there at 11:30; it soon filled up with the lunch crowd.My happy dining experience cost under $7.00, well worth it.
4	This place is a favorite of mine in Oakland. Great sushi and seaweed salad! There are a variety of other choices as well but I usually go here for the sushi. If you work or go to school in Oakland, it's a nice little place to grab lunch. But there is one caveat - if you arrive during the lunch rush, you may have trouble finding a seat and the wait may be a bit long. This can be problematic if you need to get back to work in a timely fashion. Otherwise this place is a favorite of mine. Ah, my eel roll has just arrived and my spicy roll is on the way. Time to enjoy! I encourage you to do the same.
5	I went here for lunch a couple of times and found the food to be excellent, and Korean food is hard to find here in Pittsburgh.  I've had the bi bim bap, the beef bul go gi and one of their sushi rolls and everything was prepared well and reasonably priced.  There isn't much seating so people generally take order to go but the orders are prepared pretty quickly.
3	All three stars are being awarded for the cheap lunch price.  I got the six piece spicy tuna roll for $5.00.  In college town you've got to have dirt cheap prices to stay a float. Would I go back to Oishii Bento if I could go to Sushi and Rolls prehaps no?  The roll was mostly rice with some pale orange mayo....that was not very tasty.  The roll was mostly avocado and I couldn't taste my tuna with my mouth full of avocado.  The avocado may have been listed in the discription of the roll and I could have over looked it.  I just wanted more fish and a lot less avocado. I did like that the menu is mounted on the wall and it's three vertical flat screens, that was a nice touch.I just wasn't too happy with my sushi lunch, I'd rather add an extra $4.00 and get something worthwhile somewhere else.
4	Update: No change in quality of food but the last two times I have dined there, I have had to wait for the food downstairs.  They don't bring the food upstairs anymore...
3	Unfortunately, Yelp does not have half star ratings, but I would award Oshii Bento a solid three and a half out of five stars. The greater portion of the menu consists of Bulgogi and Teryiaki based Bentos and Bowls as well as Sushi. I opted for a Bulgogi bowl which consisted of Korean style beef with rice, mushrooms, onions, scallions, and sesame seeds. It was  satisfying and filling (in fact, I was unable to finish the entire bowl). I would have preferred for the dish to be served with peppers and more scallions, but I will have to wait until next time to make that request.I haven't had Korean food elsewhere in Pittsburgh, but the restaurant takes a fast approach to a typically slow, tapas-like cuisine. The adaptation certainly accommodates the restaurant's clientele (college students) and allows it to compete with the neighboring restaurants.Lastly, I recommend ordering ahead. The wait for my food was only 15 minutes, but most of the customers who walked in ordered ahead and were immediately on their way.
4	Spicy Pork Bento (ask for it extra spicy). That's all you need to know.Everything else here is so-so. The tonkatsu would probably be my second favorite. Thankfully, the spicy pork is good enough to warrant 4 stars. One of my go-to dinners around Oakland.
3	Korean Food in oakland... Didn't have this when i was living in Pittsburgh. Ordered the katau don $7.50 and 6 pieces of sushi $9.25 for lunch... There isn't much seating downstairs. But the place has plenty of customers which is a good sign. The katau don was ok, but without the rich tasty brown gravy thy i am used to also the pork was a bit bland. The sushi was good, but the tuna and salmon was previously frozen it seemed. Which was only noticeable because of how cold it was.  The eel was the best I have had in quite awhile. Also the sushi was hard to eat since the rice kept falling apart. All in all, a decent spot, but they has allot of work to so to catch up with Korea Town in NYC
4	Just tried the place for lunch at 11:45 for the first time. Staff was very helpful to explain the menu and offer recommendations. Its a small place and it gets crowded quickly, but the orders roll out fast. I ordered the Beef bulgogi, it was great! A very good sized portion I might add. The beef and sauce and mushrooms had great flavor and didn't need any seasoning, the goyzas were delicious. Very good value just get there early so you have a place to site down.
4	I love getting the bulgogi bento or bowl, with just beef and onions.  They also have the Mexican coke which I love getting with  my meal!  Everything is reasonably priced too.  It also gets really busy during lunch hour so it's best to call in for take-out and pick it up.   I can't wait to try the spicy pork
3	Not the best, not the worst... That would be my one sentence about this place. It's not the cleanest, or the freshest, or the best selection, but it's edible, and not even that bad. I think that this place is a little over priced and a little too dirty for me to go back to.
1	Wow. I went to this restaurant because I was in Pittsburgh with my son and we were hungry for Korean food. I was going by the other ratings and this restaurant looked pretty good. I had the WORST bowl of bimbimbap I've ever had in my life. It was cold and yucky with wilted unappetizing vegetables. We also had very mediocre edamame -- how do you mess that up? My son had a very generic beef bulgogi bowl that looked like he could have poured it out of a LaChoy can. It was as similar to Korean food as Taco Bell is similar to Mexican food. Didn't try the sushi and maybe should have focused on that rather than attempting hot food. Not going back.
3	2.0/5 - Ocean Roll (Tuna/Salmon)2.5/5 - Spicy Pork Bowl: Generous portion, good flavor, very spicy, a tad dry.4.0/5 - Galbi Beef: succulent flavor and tender
4	I originally tried this place because of the great prices, but kept going back because it was so good. I've tried about 5 of the sushi rolls and enjoyed them all. I also tried a teriyaki bowl which was very good. I really like the service and how the sushi bar is up front so you can see them preparing the rolls. This will be one of my most missed restaurants from my time in Pittsburgh.
3	Great tasting food, but a bit more than what I have been used to paying. Even though the name of the restaurant is Japanese, we ended up getting a couple of their Korean items. I really wanted to try their ribs dish that lots of reviewers referenced, but spending 11.95 for a lunch just didn't seem right to me. So yes, they have one menu for the whole day (e.g. no lunch menu).If I took out the price factor, since I am not Pittsburgh/Oakland cost of living knowlegeable, then I likely would have given the four stars if they were in alignment...but I didn't see anythwhere else that supported a higher cost of living than the Denver area, so integrating that in...results in a 3 star rating.So the food..,we got the bulgolgi and bibenbop both weremade with great ingredients and flavor. Service was so-so. However I was there around 3 in the afternoon so they were busy doing other stuff I guess. There were no real tables to sit at, so we took it somewhere else to eat (really small place). Great for college kids on the go.
5	Awesome selection of Korean fast food. Whatever you order, I recommend getting a salad bowl, miso soup and their home-made kimchi.
5	Lucky review #100! Oishii Bento is a great spot for quick, reasonably priced, and delicious food in the heart of Oakland. It's way bigger than it looks because of the upstairs, so while I usually take it to go, there's definitely enough room to sit down as long as it isn't a crazy lunch rush, which a few other reviews have mentioned as well. The guys running the place are really nice too! I'll be back again very soon as always.
4	After watching a documentary on sushi I had a huge craving for it and consulted yelp for the best sushi restaurant. We didn't want to spend 20 dollars for 6 rolls so we chose Oishii. I thought that oishii was going to be another get your food and get out sort of place but no, we sat upstairs and dined.  There was a really efficient number system to their food and while the food didn't come on ceramic plates, the food itself was so good I forgot about it. We got the salmon roll, california roll, and a bulgogi bento box.  Everything was perfect. The food was equivalent to food that you'd get at any other classy upscale asian restaurant.  The amount of food that you get for the price is something you can't get anywhere else.
4	Cheap and delicious. Perfect for the hungry college student. My favorites are the Ton-katsu bento and Bibimbap. Because they go for quantity, cheapness, and speed the food is cold sometimes but still good. Lines are long during lunchtime and seating is limited but you can always find a nice place to eat around the Pitt campus.
4	man....what the hell?  the lack of good Korean restaurants in Pittsburgh is depressing.  I need a go-to-Korean BBQ place with the actual grills on the table.  I need a go-to Soon Doo Boo place. Still haven't found one in Pittsburgh.  Oishii bento is the best so far. The name of the restaurant implies it's Japanese.  I guess it sort of is, maybe?  This place is one of those places that likes to sprinkle sushi into their menu.    I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could, but I'll accept rounding up.  It's not quite a 3 star place for me.  Oh well, at least it's better than what I had in Shreveport, LA, where I suffered for four years by the lack of culture and the battles through medical school.Food (7.759/10) = the spicy pork bowl and bibimbap aren't bad at all.  Certainly not the best, but close enough.  The price is very reasonable for $7 a bowl.  Actually,..I can't remember the last time I saw a Korean restaurant serving spicy pork bulgogi or bibimbap for less than $10.  They throw in a quarter cup of kimchi for you too.  I haven't tried the sushi.  I haven't tried the Japanese dishes like udon or katsu-don.Ambiance (7.5/10) = chill AZN joint.  Order your food downstairs, and go upstairs to chow down.  Service (7.5/10) = standard.  Order your food downstairs, pick it up.  AZN fast food.Overall Opinion = Oishii bento, you will have to do for now until I find a more suitable place for Korean food.
4	Great Korean food, delicious sushi, good portions. Call ahead at lunchtime or plan to wait a bit. A really nice family-owned business.
3	I think my taste buds either got picky or the quality if my most recent visit went down.  But I'm mostly annoyed that they didn't get my order right... Especially if I told them no green onions at least three times.
4	We like the place. It is very inexpensive. It's a better deal to get a bulgogi box than a bowl even it's $1.5 more.
4	I highly recommend this place if you want some affordable korean food. Prices aren't too bad, around $7-8 for a bento box. It's quality food, not overly greasy or fried. The bento boxes portions are huge, usually lasts me like two meals. There are more seatings upstairs if needed. My favorite thing there is the spicy pork bento box. Bento boxes come with your main protein, white rice, a little bit of clear noodles, 2 or 3 fried dumplings, a few slices of pickled yellow radish and your choice of miso soup or side salad. Miso soup tasted kind of bland, and salad had an interesting peanut sauce dressing. The spicy pork is a combination of spicy and sweet. If you like spicy food, I highly recommend the spicy pork bento. For those who want a smaller, healthier portion, I recommend any of the Bibimbap bowls. Again, I always get the spicy pork bibimbap bowl. It comes with your main protein, fresh chopped veggies, kimchi and a fried egg.
3	Used to eat here all the time when I went to Pitt when I wanted some affordable korean food (the other korean restaurants in Pittsburgh are pretty pricey) i don't know why they say they're a "Japanese" and Korean restaurant because it just seems like a Korean restaurant. It's decent, there's definitely better but I've had worse too.
5	Spicy pork spicy pork spicy pork!! I like this small clean restaurant, the sushi is fresh. spicy pork and galbi bento are my favorites, recommand
4	I'm realized that Pittsburgh offers some rather good bulgogi. The wait was a bit long. I've had the bulgogi bowl, which is a generous portion of meat, almost caramelized onions, mushrooms, on top of rice. I also tried the bibimbap bowl, which was veggies, eggs, bulgogi, and rice. They also give you a spicy red sauce with it (it's sort of sneaky spicy, as it tastes sweet at first and you slowly realize there's a kick to it).  I was a bit disappointed with the bibimbap bowl, however, as it had very skimpy portion of bulgogi in it.
4	This is my go to sushi place in Pittsburgh -- it's reasonably priced, and the food quality is high. I've been coming here for years, and actually prefer it to all but the priciest sushi places in town. I'd recommend the red heat roll, caterpillar roll, California rolls, unagi bowl, and spicy pork bowl. I pretty much bounce around those options with some inari thrown in once in a while. They also have great party platters which are a good deal for three or more people.My only complaint is with the wasteful takeout packaging which is used (to a lesser extent) even for eat in meals. Lots of plastic and, if you eat in, styrofoam goes to waste. I'd love to see actual dishes, or at least more thought put in to how much packaging is really required. How about adding a recycling bin at the minimum?
5	This is a great spot for Korean food. This was my first time visiting and I would definitely visit again based on my experience. Food was very reasonably priced considering the size of the portions that were given. Be sure to check their daily specials!I don't understand all of the 3 star or less reviews. They seem to be just very picky people and maybe it wasn't up to their "standards,"  but before you go believing their nonsense, give this place a try. The food was delicious, got it within 10 minutes (remember that speed doesn't always equal satisfaction. They cook the food fresh per order; expect about a 10-15 minute wait) and the staff was very nice. Will come here again!
4	Excellent sushi.  Best (optimized) for take out.  There is seating on the second floor, its still take out trays etc... The place was very active with customers, not packed, but very busy.  It took a little bit of time, so best to call first and place your order.  Looking forward to coming back on a sunnier, warmer day.  It was a bit chilly and rainy when we went, so we never really warmed up per se.  Hence the "atmosphere" gets dinged by one star.
4	Great spot for lunch, fast, clean, delicious Korean food! My boyfriend and I almost come here every day. Beef bibimbap and unagi bowl are always my choices.
5	best Korean food in pittsburgh. It's cheap, fast, friendly service and food is the best! I've ordered the udon, bulgogi and the kalbi all are delicious! Wish they were open on Sundays though
4	I'm really fan of Gabi bento, but for other food I don't quite like them, I think 4 star is fair enough. Sometimes I feel too full after eating Gabi bento.
3	Stopped by for lunch and ordered the chicken katsu bento and the oishii bento. They serve it in to go boxes regardless of whether you're eating in or out. The portion was just nice. We ordered ours with miso soup and the sides that came with it include two small dumplings, pickled radish, and Korean tapioca noodle (not sure what it's really called). It was nothing special but definitely worth the value. We initially wanted to sit upstairs but it was warm and stuffy so we decided to eat at the nearby park instead and order some bubble tea at a different shop.
4	Oishii is definitely one of my favorite places (and one of the only places) to go on campus for Korean/Japanese cuisine. I frequently order the bento boxes, specifically the spicy pork bento and chicken katsu. The katsu is sometimes as dry and rough as the chopsticks you're eating it with, but it varies every time I go. The vegetable udon and gyoza that come with the bento are all really good. For me, the bento is enough for about 1.5 meals, but I also eat very little so I can see some people complaining about the quantity of food--back at home, I'd order bento from H-Mart for about the same price and it would come with much more of everything.I've also had the spicy pork bowl, which was good but not as flavorful as I expected it to be. It was definitely spicy, but not much else. I still really like Oishii because it's probably one of the best places to go for Asian food in the area. Service is quick and staff are friendly.
3	The staff was friendly and the food tasty but I didn't like being served in plastic, disposable containers while they advertise their dishes with photos of nice wooden bento boxes.
4	I've been here three times, the last time being awhile ago.  The first time, I ordered one of the noodle dishes; the second, I ordered a bento box, and the third, I ordered some of the sushi (salmon roll w/ cream cheese).  Each time, the food was pretty fresh, and my orders came out fairly quickly.  I've always sat upstairs to eat.  They serve a variety of Asian food, including Japanese, Chinese, and Korean.  The prices are very reasonable.  Given the price, quickness, and location, this is a great place for people from Pitt and Presby to grab lunch.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Affordable, filling, and satisfying for the college student. I like their rice bentos and ton katsu.
4	I always stop by Oishii bento whenever I'm in Oakland. The food is delicious and affordable! There are reasons why this place always has a long line at lunch. I recommend the Bento boxes with the teriyaki chicken - it's a filling meal with rice, a side salad, and some delicious Asian dumplings. The owners are this really nice Korean family who always remember the little things about each of their clients and always greet you with a smile and a hello!
4	Oishii is my go-to for lunch in Oakland, as they offer generous portions of fresh, flavorful, and fairly nutritious food for a very reasonable price. I usually get the spicy pork or bulgogi bento: for less than $9 you get a big heap of meat, rice, noodle salad, 2 small fried dumplings, 2-3 pickled radish slices, and kimchi/soup/salad. It is always plenty to satisfy my hearty appetite. I'd recommend phoning your order in, as it is gets crowded during lunch.
4	My husband and I frequently have their galbi bento and oishi bento take-out as out dinner. Very convenient and delicious.
4	I was excited to check out this place because of all the rave reviews. I went with a couple people and we all liked what we got. One of my friends is Korean and he goes there often, so to me, that's a good sign. There's not much ambiance, but we were getting stuff to-go anyways. We waited about 10ish minutes during the evening. I got the bulgogi bento. It didn't look like much, but I ended up having some leftover bulgogi so I guess I would describe the serving size as generous. I wasn't super impressed by the food, but it was tasty and I'd go back some time as it's a good balance of speedy take-out and freshly made food that tastes authentic and flavorful.
5	Great place if you want authentic cheap Korean food. Their bimbimbap is the best I've had yet and I'm a big fan of their bulgolgi even though I don't really like red meat! Their rainbow roll is really delicious too- there's really nothing bad you can order here!
2	I ordered the vegetable bento, which is huge enough for two meals. Its was fine, but they slathered the sauce on the vegetables its was overwhelming. I also wish they had vegetable dumplings on the bento. The seating area is upstairs which I didn't know about, I was confused since there wasn't any room on the ground level. They need more vegetarian/vegan options too ,so I don't know if I would come here again.
4	yummy, cheap, fairly quick, and big portions!  Worth it if looking for a cheap lunch/dinner
5	Tried veggie udon. It's nothing special about it. Soup base is too heavy for me, but kimchi is excellent.
3	Ah, Oishii Bento. It's a pretty decent place to eat - in fact I think they've improved over the years. I say this since I ate here as a student a couple times, and I remember not being super impressed by the sushi and thinking that one of the bowls I ordered wasn't that great. There just wasn't a lot of flavor or freshness in any of the meals I got back then.These days the sushi at least is massively improved in my book. I picked up their Caterpillar roll and Red Heat roll to go recently and really liked both. The fish was of a reasonable quality even if it wasn't the freshest fish ever, and the topping and sauce combinations in both rolls were pretty tasty too. So while Oishii wouldn't make my admittedly snobbish list of the top 5 best sushi places, I do think they now offer reasonable and fairly tasty sushi options. Plus I definitely appreciated their prices as a student. My latest meal cost a bit more than usual here but hey, I ordered two of their pricier rolls - what do you expect? It's reasonable to assume that a student ordering one roll or some sashimi and soup could get a good deal for their sushi fix. And I did get pretty large pieces of sushi in my last order, so at least I got what I paid for quantity wise.Granted, it took a long time to get the food, but I did stop in during their dinner rush. Eating and picking up food anywhere in Oakland during the student dinner rush takes a long time. Oishii is admittedly one of the smaller places you could hit up for some grub, so during the dinner rush in particular there's practically no room for the crowd that gathers downstairs that's ordering and getting their food. I remember that there's an upstairs dining area that was pretty "meh" - it's a place to sit but it's not exactly a fine dining area.I'm giving them 3 stars since I can't quite say "yay I'm a fan!" and I wouldn't go out of my way just to eat at Oishii - but hey, the food is decent and I'd consider stopping in again in a pinch, so that's worth an a-ok in my book!
4	Ambiance: small place, but theres more seating upstairs.. seems like a lot of college kids come by here.. I just stopped by for lunch after visiting the carnegie museumsService: food was ready in a few minutes.. they put up your order number and you pick it up at the counter when its readyFood: the bulgogi bowl is awesome.. perfect for a cold day.. not too spicy but very flavorful
5	best bento ever have. Recommend Galbi
4	Delicious takeout at Pitt campus prices.
