4	We went here reasonably early in the evening after a long day at the botanical gardens. It was nice and quiet.  The staff was friendly. The patrons were friendly too! I think they were even playing "Lounge against the Machine" as a nice touch.I had the honey beer which was quite palatable, and my friend had a smoky porter which was slightly more to my taste that evening. Luckily, he is friendly, as well!I will definitely be back for the Maple Rousse seasonal in a little while.
3	Brutopia had 5 of their beers on tap when we went. We tried the brown, the honey, and the honey brown. All were fairly disappointing -- not very flavorful at all. Food is typical pub grub and is not expensive. We got nachos for $7. They were pretty tasty although the salsa was marinara and the only toppings were cheese and sour cream. The two bartenders were very nice and attentive. Vibe is mellow. Patrons appeared to be mix of locals and tourists.
3	Brutopia seems to be a pretty relaxed place to get a drink or two. My friends and I ambled in here on a Sunday night. I was surprised to find the place more or less full of people. Not really cramped, just people perched on every possible chair or surface. We snagged a standing-only spot at the bar and ordered a round of drinks. After awhile a table in the back room opened up and we moved back there. The waitress converted our bar tab and continued to serve us. She was really on the ball. Either we were drinking very slowly (doubt it) or she has a sixth sense for when drinks should be delivered. I like to think it is the latter. Usually, people in a back room are treated like a red-headed stepchild, but this was not the case. Very much appreciated Ms. Waitress!For a couple of hours worth of drinking for three people the tab was $90 USD. Not too bad. The only two real downfalls were: 1) There was an acoustic solo act playing that night and in between his songs, some loud music would blast through the speakers in the back room. So you would go from mellow to eardrum pounding decibel level without warning in the middle of conversation. A little bit annoying. 2) The backroom is not a bathroom. At least I don't think it is. Maybe Montrealers know something we don't, but at least five times an individual or individuals would come to the back room, stick their bottom in the doorway and rip a$$ in our general direction. It was gross. I would certainly come back but maybe with a nose plug.
4	I think of this place, and I think of myself fighting the urge to vomit on my 7 hour trip back to Boston the next day. A sure sign the drinks were cold and plentiful! 7 of us crashed here on Sunday night of Presidents Day weekend. We got the back room pretty much all to ourselves, and the waitress never forgot about us. Had she, maybe my headache would have been spared the next day. The drinks kept coming and she did a decent job at keeping it all straight as to who got what (the french normally do separate tabs for each person). The band was good, I think, but for the most part we were too busy talking about I-don't-know and taking photos. 4 Stars to this place for not kicking our obnoxious group out!
5	Went there two nights Feb 20 and 21 2009 when visiting Montreal. First night it was me and one friend. I ordered a chocolate stout and it was great. Then I ordered a Guiness. The choc stout must have had a good amount of alcohol because I had felt a bit wrecked the next day. And I'm a lightweight.I liked that you could get name brand beer in addition to their house brewed ones. The atmosphere was good too save for the paintings of people with gas masks on the walls which were oddly interspersed with paintings of trains.The next night I went back with a bachelor party. I decided to pick up a round of shots we did when we go there. I figured I would get screwed but they had a special, 5 shots for $18.50 which is cheap as far as shots go. I really liked Brutopia. I would go there again next time I am in Montreal.
3	Local brewed beer on site not special at all, but the atmosphere is what's good here.
2	A less then stellar brew pub on a less then stellar street. If you want a good brew pub do yourself the favor of going to Dieu du Ciel (out of the way but well worth it).This place is over priced with watery beers, don't go. Oh and the live music is usually not very good.
2	Bottom Line: inconsistent quality in the house brews, terrible food. Go to Dieu du Ciel or L'Amer a Boire if you want good beer in Montreal.A friend and I were in Montreal for the weekend and looking for some good local beers (as we always do). This street was close to our hotel and had alot of night spots on it, so first two night we went there, and on the second one ended up at this place.We had two good beers there, the rest ranged from less than impressive to horrible. The good ones were a non-house Hemp beer (that reminded me of a rauch bier but with hemp smell instead of wood smoke) and their house Honey Brown. We also had some sort of stout that was passable but not good, and a god-aweful Framboise that my friend said tasted like soap.We nearly gave up on the beer scene in Montreal until we met a very friendly bar tender at Pub L'ile Noire that set us on the right path.
4	Good microbrews here.I just wish that the food wasa little better.
4	Great raspberry blonde beer, honey something, and the other micro brews. Good homemade beer and we also had the chips and guacamole which was zesty and on point. I'd definitely go again since this spot was cozy and comfortable with a nice waitress.
5	I love this bar.  Or more particularly, I love Monday Trivia nights at Brutopia.  My friends came almost every week in between September and May, just to participate in the weekly competition.  Trivia night consist of two rounds of ten questions posed by a caller at the front of the bar.  Participants form teams of 3-5 and do their very best to answer the questions.  At the end of each round, the team with the most correct answers is gifted with four free pints of Brutopia beer.  It's wonderful.  It's delightful. It's an opportunity to display your personal collection of random, useless facts which nobody else cares that your know.Brutopia also has a wide selection of house and seasonal beers.  My favorites include the ginger beer, chocolate stout, raspberry beer, and the honey brown.  In addition to beers, you can also get a "Bear Fight" for about $8 a go.  If you aren't familiar with a Bear Fight, I suggest you goggle it under "bear fight alcohol".  I was introduced to this drink by the waitress at Brutopia; if you ask nicely, she may do a round with you. Speaking of the staff, the late-night Monday crew is great.  They create a homey, relaxed atmosphere and are quick to bring drinks or food.  The fries are really good (and I'm not a big fry person), but you have to ask for mayo.  The chorizo nachos are great and the chicken sandwich has a faithful following among my friends.  Overall, it's a great place for a casual night out.
2	Was looking forward to a visit, but was disappointed in the beer.  It's definitely got a more intimate vibe than the bars further up on Crescent - but I was also hoping to be blown away by the beer they brew.  I wasn't.  Didn't try the food or see any one else being served so can't comment on that.
5	I was visiting Montreal from the U.S. for a long weekend, and this is the first place that we stopped at. Everyone that works there is really nice, and a few of the bartenders gave us some good advice about the general area. The food was superb - I got a turkey club and it was really good. The beers were really good too! We walked around and checked out a few other bars, but we ended up back at Brutopia later on for more awesome beers! I wish I lived closer so I could go there all the time!
4	Located on a side street off the busy shopping area of Ste. Catherine, Brutopia had great pub grub and house brews.  The sandwiches are so hearty and filling that you don't mind they done come with a side of fries.  The raspberry and nut brown house beers were very good and I also enjoyed the local St. Ambrose Apricot.  Yummy,
1	Our last night in Montreal my hubby and I decided to try Brutopia over Dieu de Ciel. Turns out that was the wrong decision. The atmosphere here is very college  bar-y and the beers we had were plain bad. The IPA lacked any of the hoppiness that you would typically find in that style of beer. It was drinkable though. The extra blonde, on the other hand, was not. According to my husband, it tasted like corn chips. We only drank about half the pint before we decided life is way too short to drink crappy beer. Luckily our night wasn't a bust as we found ourselves on the terrace at Le Sainte-Elizabeth Pub with some good Canadian beer.
4	This is the only place on Cresent Street I would even dare go into.  Cresent is like the Jersey Shore - full of annoying tourists that are badly dressed and too drunk to deal with.  But Brutopia seems to attract a different set of people.Its a huge place with tons of nooks and crannies to hang out with friends.  Their beer is pretty good too.  They had various varieties to appease all tastes.  The staff was nice and helpful and the prices were fine.There was live music upstairs and downstairs too.  It's a pretty hip little joint, that isn't very little at all.
5	Brutopia, how I love it: let me count the ways.First, it did away with pretention and instead embraced quality in food, drinks, service and music.Second, it serves the most impeccably brewed craft beers in town. Aside from its staple fare of IPA, raspberry, honey brown, nut brown and extra blonde Brutopia offers its patrons an array of 5 or 6 seasonal beers that are a pleasure to drink.Third, Brutopia's music choice shuns the commercial rubbish that pop charts have been feeding us for the past decade. When it isn't live music at the exactly right volume, it is a mellow mix of classic rock with some interspersed awesomeness from other genres. At last, welcome to a bar that isn't just for teenagers on a slosh mission or gossip addicts. Fourth, the ambience and decor are a world unto themselves. The darker hues (matched by the paintings) entice you into a dimension where chill is cool and in-your-face is so out, you wouldn't see it fleeing with a binocular. Brutopia makes me feel I don't need to impress anyone, and this seems to rub off on the patrons too. Fifth, Brutopia's patrons seem to have been sifted through a very fine sieve before being allowed through the door. Somehow, the crowd seems smarter and more mature than in your average Crescent watering hole. I may be mistaken, but you should see for yourself.What else can I say about the finest brewpub in Montreal? Come and check it out. They have plenty of space and the terrace is a really nice spot to have a relaxed drink. The servers are always fun to chat to, have a smile at the ready and a ton of recommendations for you if you can't make your mind up.If I didn't live quite far from it, I'd be in Brutopia every day.
3	Went here for a bachelor party and had a decent time. Strange setup as there is a large downstairs area as well as two average sized outdoor spaces at this pub. Didn't try the food but others expressed that they liked it. It's directly across from a Quality/Comfort Inn with balconies so that can provide some entertainment if you're sitting out front.
5	So I came here a year ago totally forgot to write a review, its  a place to come with a group of friends, I'm from L.A and I was visiting family in Montreal. The crowd was very friendly , made alot of friends that I still talk to, the drinks are strong and good prices , the fries are amazing. The staff is tight.
4	When I first heard the name "Brutopia", it was hard not to imagine a heaven blanketed with beer head clouds, cherubs descending with pitchers overflowing with liquid gold. To my disappointment, the stairway I ascended didn't lead to a heaven. However, the dusty wooden planks clued me in that this was a different sort of pleasure - this was a full-on dive bar.Brutopia was like all dive bars should be - dark, over-heated and smelling of dust and good times passed. We found the one table with as few wet glass rings as we could and were greeted by a server. She was a sweetheart and introduced us to the bar's chalkboard, listing the place's homemade brews in yellow and blue chalk. Though the names weren't very descriptive, our server made sure to describe what each brew was like. There was something for everyone at our table.I ended up going with the white ale. Now I'm always a little nervous when it comes to small brews, but this beer was absolutely wonderful. Didn't taste cheap or carelessly made. It wasn't long before everyone at my table was passing their beers to the right, having a sip of each one. There wasn't a single crappy sip. This place is great for a low-key night out with friends. They have bands play on weekend nights and the place gets packed for that. Don't bring a first date here if you've decided to iron out your fancy pants.And they give you itemized, separate checks. This place was made for groups of 3 or more.
5	My favorite spot on all of Crescent street.  Any time I'm staying downtown Montreal this is usually the spot I end up at almost every night.  I enjoy their home-brewed selections (although not on the level of Dieu du Ciel or similar brewpubs), but most importantly the people and atmosphere.  It's a friendly environment I've never seen any kind of fist fights or "beefs" break out at which is all too common on Crescent as anyone can tell you.  Waitresses are friendly, cute, and all too willing to indulge with shots of hard alcohol with you.  I recommend their seasonal blackout stout, delicious.
5	I just visited Montreal again - and I still dig this place. The beer & food is delicious.....I had the Bru Burger (made of beef, ham and pork) along with a few IPA's. Again, like last time, we walked around, but ended up back here at the end of the night. Service is super friendly!
4	We were told that this place was awesome, and it did not disappoint.  Got a seat a the first level bar and sampled their nut brown ale.  It was very good.  The beer wasn't too heavy or fragrant.  I ended up having many.The food was good as well.  Had the Bruburger which was a beef/pork/ham mix.  It was very tasty.  The bar itself was fun.  There were people all over, we even met some people who lived near us.  The bartender was great and we had a fantastic time.
3	I have to go mid stars on this one. This was definitely my kind of place, i just wish we would have made it here before the crowd began! If you get a spot early you are good. Highly recommended. If you go a little earlier than midnight, it is hard to get served. I would visit again when I go back to Montreal.
4	I really like this place. The beer was really good, food was tasty and fresh. The only negative is that they gave me grief about bringing my 4 month old, who did not make a peep, in (the server was nice, but the manager apparently had an issue with it). I could definitely understand if it were busy, but it was 7:00 p.m. on a Monday and we were basically the only people in there. That said, I thought this place was great and would definitely recommend.
4	Great ambiance, beer was decent. Parking is a nightmare on a Friday night -- but I can't hold that against the establishment. Would definitely give it another whirl next time I'm up there.
4	I don't remember how we found this place, but I seem to recall hearing at one point that it was the place to go for beer. I guess that depends on what you're looking for, but for me, I disagree. The beer was good, the ambience was nice, but the drink menu was a little short for me. They have a fair number of house beers and a few others (some microbrews and some "imports"), and the waitstaff was pleasant if not all that fast. I would go back--the extra blonde was delicious--but I wouldn't make this my go-to place for new beer.  All in, a solid hang out, but I won't be a regular.
5	Having spent many nights at Brutopia over 5+ years in Montreal you will find tasty food with tasty beer to water it down. I haven't been able to track down any comparable scotch ales on the US West Coast: microbrew central (though I have been pushing several breweries out here to give a scotch ale a shot). A real shame, but it only means I have to come back from San Francisco to visit Brutopia more often. Honey/nut beers for different palettes and the classic raspberry blonde for those who may not be committed beer drinkers. They put a twist on their scotch ale in the Winter at minimum.I've had their burger, the quesadilla (can be vegetarian friendly) and their fries. All quite tasty.You can find trivia & live music, patio (open even during some of the winter for smokers), 2nd bar upstairs when it gets crowded and a spacious downstairs with coat hangers and you guessed it, a 3rd bar! As I recall they have cheap beer days (happy hour prices all day - Monday?) and happy hour prices until maybe 7 or 8pm on other days? I'm sure someone else can verify that in another review unless they changed that along with their renovation ~1 year ago (they opened up the main bar and back room where they brew some of their beer. Great idea though they did replace the actual wooden bar with a new surface... meh as a young old timer).Go visit with friends, have a great time. Come back for more!
4	I've been here several times over the last few years on several different visits to Montreal. Each time I've thoroughly enjoyed my visit here. The place is extremely chill and laid back, with lots of nooks and crannies to sit in. The food is pretty good for bar food, and they even have several good vegetarian options. Beer is quite good, with several seasonals on offer in addition to the regular brews. The relaxed vibe and friendly staff ensure a great visit every time.
4	Get into town, get checked in and then come here for a beer.  That's what I did and I don't regret it.  This is a great little joint with lots of good beer and a great dark atmosphere.  Not sure how it would go in the winter but it was a perfect place to get out of the heat of the day and enjoy a pint.  There are some tables outside and two floors of little tables to sit and and chat with friends.  Really liked their chocolate stout.  I know, not really a summer beer, but I can't resist a good dark stout.  Came here a couple of times and would make it a regular if I lived in the area.  I have to say though, the stairs in the winter must be hell to use after you've had a few pints.  Even tricky in the summer after a couple.
5	"They can make beer with that?" were the first words I said when walking into Brutopia, almost every time.From honey, raspberry to spices, their unique in-house beers are sure to please even the pickiest of beer aficionados. If you're lucky enough, you may even catch a live band while you're their.
4	We grabbed some quick beers and food here on our first night in Montreal. Service was so-so, but the food and drink made up for the waiting. Chipotle chicken sandwich was fantastic - I could have eaten a whole 'nother one. Beer was decent - although I can't remember what it was as I was a bit foggy from the long drive. Atmosphere was okay - we sat outside and enjoyed the ambiance.
4	I'm not a big beer fan but the BF is so when visiting Montreal we found out about this place and since it was within walking distance we decided to give it a try. I'm not going to judge the beer because to me they all taste the same (a sin, I know) but my boyfriend enjoyed them. I had the pesto et fromage de chevre, the goat cheese was extra creamy and the pesto gave it a special tang, in all the sandwich was divine. My boyfriend had the cochinita sandwich and it lacked a little spice. Our waitress was awesome and the place has a really friendly enviroment. If I lived in Montreal I would definitely hang out here
4	One of the best pubs I've tried...Food: i only had apps, but the hummus, spicy sausage, and gauc were all very good - much better than the typical bar fare, served the perfect temperature, tasted as if they were freshly prepared, only concern was the variety of the food on their "international" menu... can an English pub really be that great at making a ton of different ethnic specialties??Ambiance: a typical pub, clean, no complainsDrinks: some of the best microbrews I've hadService: better than your average college kid bartender-type, friendly, attentive but not invasive
4	They have strawberry blonde beer, and chocolate stout.I don't know if I was feeling light headed from the alcohol, or from feeling dreamy-eyes over the hot servers.
4	IMPRESSED! Cozy & fun atmosphere makes you feel right welcome and part of Montreal, not like a tourist.Their in house brews were good, plenty to choose from and I must say for what seemed to look like a simple bar food menu turned out to be very impressive on all accounts. From Fries, Burgers & Onion Rings to Quesadillas and tacos to Edemame and Samosas. Everything was tasty, fresh and quick!I'll be back!
2	Don't be fooled -listen to those who recommend Dieu du Ciel. The beer is not very good and the atmosphere is sort of unclean, college bar.
4	Such great beer.  After listening to my fellow Americans and many Europeans scoff at the best Canada has to offer on tap, this place was such a welcome change.They had unique seasonal beers with creative names, things like Maple Cream and a Chocolate Stout with some winter theme-y title.  I got the Honey Brown Ale, and it was wonderful.  My boyfriend's IPA was strong and bitter like an IPA should be.  I wish I had tried more, although given my size that would have certainly ended badly for all involved.They don't have poutine on the menu, but they do have regular fries, as well as guacamole and nachos, both with house-made chips, that can satisfy that salty craving.  The menu items are usually around 10$CA.We had a little trouble finding a table big enough for our party (and I do mean party), and the one we got was really close to the live band playing... very, very loudly.  Well! But loudly.  You had to shout to carry on a conversation with the one person sitting next to you, and too bad if anyone else wanted to be included.  They'd best learn to read lips, stat.Easily the best beers we had in Montreal, in terms of both selection and taste.  And the place has a pun for a name!  What more could you hops for?
4	Good live music. Beers weren't really my style. Great ambiance. Seemed like a college bar. Lots of people in their early 20's.
2	Feh.  Yes - I mean 'Feh' not 'Meh' - I'm being dismissive.To be clear, this joint is perfectly alright as a run-of-the-mill bar.  It's busy and happening with a live band.  And no complainants about the service.  I won't hesitate to recommend it for a casual bar gathering at all.However, if you enjoy good beer, their house beers are all pretty crap.  If this makes me a 'beer snob' like the other reviews say, then call me a beer sommelier.  Come on - seriously, I ran through their entire selection and they were all barely passable for microbrew.  All the beers had a funky finish - I detect slight negligence on tap cleaning.If you're not sure, let me tell you: go to Dieu Du Ciel.  I know it's out of the way but it's worth the trip.  Mention DDC to any barkeeper in town and their eyes light up.  But if your plan is to get wasted on Crescent - yup, perfectly fine bar.
4	2nd time in Montreal and i had to make a stop here.....try the Apricot beer and you'll love me for it.
4	What a great bar with really good finger foods.   We went on a Friday night  for beers and food.  I am not a huge beer fan but enjoy some of them  I had a Honey beer which was quite good and very large.  My Husband had a Brown beer, which he enjoyed.  We ordered some finger foods to go with the beer.  We ordered the Humus & Pita, Fries, and Beef Tacos.  The Humus was really good, lots of sesame flavor, which we love, and the serving was very large.  The Fries were ok, I would not order them again,  but them I'm not a huge fries fan.  My Husband, who is kind of a Fries snob, didn't like them very much.  The Tacos,  which I agreed to because my Husband likes them, were outstanding.  These aren't the hard shell greasy ground beef type, the three of them are on a soft shells and are actual beef strips marinated in some type of seasonings  with sauteed onions, and came with sour cream, salsa and guacamole which was served in a small side dish.  OMG, I could have eaten a dozen of them.  We ate and finished our beers and got some more beers.  This time, I got the Raspberry flavored beer and my Husband got the Dreadnought.  My first beer was better but this was drinkable.  The service was prompt and pleasant, and the bill was $45.00.  Totally worth a visit.
2	Brutopia has an interesting layout- that is, the way the tables are set out. it appears to be an older building so that might relate to the layout. There are 3 floors so there's a lot of space, however it was still difficult to find a table at first as it was busy.There's a selection of house beers, some of which are seasonal. I opted for a raspberry house beer, which was just ok.Service was really slow, it took a while for any service. Maybe it was just a really busy night, but this place is just ok, nothing exceptional.
5	Some claim Hurley's Irish pub to the THE SPOT on bishop in Montreal, perhaps, but Brutopia is a very strong contender.  Don't let the name fool you, yes it doesn't sound like a very Irish put kinda name, but they have the live bands, a large selection of home brews great food and 2 floors.  Definitely worth a visit the next time your due for a pint of the black stuff.
4	Good people trying to make something that matters in the Montreal community. Jeff and his team both at Bru and at Jane are scrappy and pouring a lot of love and hard work into what they do. Like Hurley's, Brutopia is a haven on lower Crescent but Bru is generally a little younger and more rawkus. There are lots of small corners to tuck into, and sitting near the shiny brassy beer-making apparatus always makes me feel cozy. The food and beer might not be always superfoodie accolade winning, but for those of us just looking for good heart and a tasty good time somewhere away from tight pants and hairspray that dominates much of this strip, especially during F1, Brutopia is gold. The layout is pretty great for live music and quiz nights and open mics too; intimate but with a lofty upstairs perch that feels almost old timey.
3	Good beer, but I'll have to agree with a previous reviewer - extremely slow service!  And the burger I had was pretty blah.  This was the first place we ate at when we pulled into Montreal.  Big disappointment!
3	I went there by pure luck, for some unknown reason this bar didn't inspire me for years. However, I was pleasentely surprised !! The beer brewed at Brutopia is definitively worth it. I got a chocolate stout but the real surprise is the food I got the samosas they were good. A friend ordered the chicken quesadillas and it felt like a "dream night snack", it was soooo goood. When we went there was a live show so that's definitively a big plus for the place. I will go again!
2	Hardly utopian for this beer fan. Nice ambiance, on hip lower rue Crescent, and a nice mix in the crowd.Ordered the IPA on the recommendation of the very good bartender. What a disappointment -- virtually flavorless. Not what I'd expect of an IPA at all. Probably should have tried something else, but I just moved on.Oh, and like other independent brewpubs in Montreal - cash only. Boo for the business traveler.
4	First, I am only reviewing the beer here. Second as this is subjective, I'm going to attempt to be as objective as possible. Finally, the California in me influences this, but I am not reviewing it versus that.Brutopia certainly has a varied selection of beers. As for the styles, there's nothing out of the norm for you're east coast fare. This isn't a bad thing for Brutopia. The execution on the offers they do make are great. The IPA is a stand out, and one of my favourites in Montreal. I should clarify, it is an IPA, it is NOT a west coast IPA as many Americans have come to view the style.  The Nut Brown Ale, is to style, flawless in execution. Brutopia produces very clean, very palatable beers. The staff is friendly, the crowd is good, albeit on the younger side.  A solid choice for a night out with friends, I do prefer visiting on non-weekend days due to it being a bit quieter. But that doesn't remove this from being a top choice in Montreal breweries.
4	Oh yeah had a great time here! I had a few different beers on tap and some were good. Don't remember which ones I tried so don't ask lol.  The band that was playing there Friday night 8-24-12 were awesome, they really rocked out.
5	This quickly became my favorite bar! Very friendly with a nicely mixed crowd. This is for people who care more about good beer, great service and wonderful live music. It's not a posh "who's who" kinda' place. Each of the bands mingled between sets (one band a night ... we were there a lot). Mixed drinks were generous! All the other bars are using those silly contraptions - these guys pour them the old school way! Also has 3 different seating areas and plenty of space for different sized groups. We mostly stuck around the main bar and stage though. There is a recessed area upstairs that has box-style seating right above the band - it's pretty cool! The band often looks up and interacts so you won't be forgotten.
5	Brutopia was a great find (thanks again yelpers!) for our first night exploring Montreal. Parking in the area was tough to find though not impossible on a Friday night, but once we were in Brutopia, we were glad we had stuck it out. I sampled the dark IPA and the house IPA and ended up sticking with the regular, while I literally gobbled down a cubano. I was starving and it was very satisfying. Bartenders were nice, waitresses were chatty and cute, and even a music snob like myself really loved the band that we caught. Ladies, beware of the bathroom. The giant door will hit you if anyone enters while you're washing your hands. But get over it. Worth it.
4	Brutopia is in kind of a silly district of Montreal. The streets are filled with wasted people, but don't let that detract you. The space itself is pretty big, bigger than it seems on the outside, with a darts area, two levels (one bar per floor), and an awesome overhang to watch the concert stage. The band we caught that night was awesome.The beer is solid. I stuck the the IPA. I had the cochinita sandwich, which I really liked. It was a bit on the greasy side but all of the flavored melded really well, and the pork was top-notch. My girlfriend had the cubano, which for some reason is not really an authentic cubano sandwich (it comes with avocado and lettuce, on baguette??). She said she enjoyed it.Would re-visit.
1	OK Let's forget this place. Bad food, horrible service and just another shitty pub on Crescent.
4	Let me start this out by saying I am not a beer drinker.  For some reason  my body doesn't like it.  Knowing that it is a great place for non beer drinkers to get to know  beer and for beer lovers to experience some awesome beer. Feeling super girly I went with the cherry beer, but their hoppy stuff is really great and really hoppy , if you are into that kind of thing. What I love, is amazing staff that know their ish. I love that you can try a beer before getting a pint and the bartenders  which are super awesome are actually really  helpful  at helping you choose. Now that of course should be a given  for any place that makes their own brew  but that's not always the case. The food does not disapoint. Most  people probably just go there for beer, but check out the food once in a while. Apparently the kitchen staff is mostly Mexican, and it shows as they do Mexican right. Properly layed nacho plater with incredients deep in the centre not just sprinkled on top. Awesome guacamole  that  doesn't have a gross drippy  texture.
5	One of Montreal's best brewpubs! Love their beer selection, great staff and, overall,  a great place to hangout, especially since there are plenty of little nooks and 3 separate floors. It is also a great place to go on crescent if you're looking to go out for a beer downtown without all the tourists - or at least less so. FYI, it's a really popular hangout for local engineers.
3	Brutopia is good for beer, but stop there.  Love that they brew their own stuff.  IPA had a good amount of hops and bite.  Reasonably priced at $5 during happy hour. Stay away from food.  First sign should have been that the food menu is labeled as an "international menu" and has everything from samosas to edamame.  what bar in montreal has food but doesn't have poutine?!  we ordered the chorizo nachos which was a terrible idea.  soggy nachos without flavor and ground chorizo instead of nice chunks on top.  ugh.overall, my mistake on the food.  avoid the food.  stick to the beer.  you'll be pleased.
5	Brutopia is probably my favorite of the local pubs I found during my time in Montreal.  Dark but warm and inviting, it definitely has a local feel to it.  They brew their own beer, and they do a great job of it.  Specifically, I loved the IPA the most but also enjoyed the Nut Brown Ale, as well as another whose name I can't remember (I must have really liked it).After a few drinks, I decided to check out the menu and a sandwich called the Pepito made its way out to me.  Grilled steak on a baguette (two of my favorite things) topped with a bean spread and salsa.  Sure, I had had a few drinks, but the sandwich tasted fantastic.  There's no doubt in my mind that they'll see me again on my next visit to Montreal.
4	One would not know about this place since it's not directly located on Cresent Street, but I highly recommend going here!
3	Very busy place, you need to elbow your way around to get a table and get the attention of a waiter. Having said that, their beers are good, if you like watery soft beers and the food was okay. Go for Happy hour, cheaper is better!
4	Nice brew pub on Rue Crescent. They have a nice selection of brews and our server was nice enough to give us a tasting of a few different beers to help us decide what we wanted. It's a chill spot and has a nice terrace or terrasse area (as they call it in Montreal). Try the Ginger Wheat beer!
4	Fresh microbrew is sweet. The brown ale was the best. Atmosphere is cool. Bartender was cute. Food was not so great  I could have made that chicken quesadilla at home in about 15 minutes. It was pretty cheap tho...$8.85
5	Visiting for a week on business. Great local beer! Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. I recommend the Honey  Brown. They also had a local band playing. Offers seating inside and two balconies.
2	While in Montreal for a friend's bachelor party, we decided to stop into Brutopia as I had heard good things.We walked in at around 11:30 pm on a Saturday night in August and it was nearly deserted. I was glad we easily found a table but I was hoping for a bigger crowd. I ordered a Honey beer which was decent enough. I do regret not trying the IPA though as one of my buddies said it was great. We did not order food so I cannot comment on that unfortunately. Our server was friendly and even supplied our groom-to-be with a free Irish Car Bomb which was very nice. She did stop and chat with us for a bit too. Unfortunately, her shift was ending as we showed up. The live band left something to be desired. They weren't terrible, but definitely not memorable either.  We stayed for just one round of drinks then we decided to hit another bar with hopes of finding a bigger crowd. I'm not sure if we caught them on an "off night" or what but Brutopia did not live up to all the hype I had heard.
5	Spent 10 days in town, visited many beer bars,by far and away my favourite.Great beer created and served by people who care.A very friendly place,became our local for our vacation .
3	Not a bad bar, and at least going here didn't give off the douchey vibe I felt from the other bars that were nearby. Not a bad selection of beers, either. If you must hit a bar in the immediate area, this one isn't a bad bet. Though I had bar experiences in other parts of Montreal that were better(i.e. Dieu du Ciel).Didn't try any food here, so I have no clue how that aspect is like.
4	I've been here a nice handful of times, just for drinks. I'm a big fan of their home brewed beers, I always get their honey or raspberry blonde. Their ales are smooth, rich in flavor and distinctively aromatic. The raspberry has a sweet scent without being overpowering, making it my favorite.Happy hour is everyday before 8 pm, a pint will cost you just under 5$.I've never tried the food here but if you're hungry there's your typical bar menu, appetizers like wings and nachos, sandwiches and quesadillas.Consisting of 3 bars over 3 floors, Brutopia is a great place to get together as groups since seating is plentiful. The lower floor is my favorite with a mix of tables and big comfy couches.It's an unpretentious pub, where the decor is drab but those who come here aren't interested in ambiance - enjoy what they do best, cheers to beer.Working wifi would be a plus.
4	Thank you to the people who organized my work hotel, which happened to be one block from Brutopia.  I liked the vibe and the beer here, so I made a few visits when we were out of work early enough to make last call.The first time we enjoyed some open mike night, and the second time there was a singer/songwriter performing.  No cover either time.Good crowd of people that were reasonably friendly.  And super friendly bar staff.
3	Brewtopia is cool when you want a rowdy Crescent Street night on the town. They brew a lot of their own beer here; the IPA is pretty good. The heated terrace is nice and they have live music regularly. There are a lot of suburban West-Islanders and Eastern Townships folk that frequent this pub. I suppose that's okay. I on the other hand have practically never left the island and rarely go father west than N.D.G. but to each his own. Crescent Street is alright but I'm more of a Saint-Laurent type.
4	Very chilled place for a pint (they have great cider on tap). Casual place to meet up with friends.
3	Great potential but there is something about it that has always been "off" for me. Great venue for acoustic shows but the service has continued to be hit or miss.Food:  n/aService:  7/10Price:  8/10Atmosphere: 9/10
5	Sat at the bar both times I came here, and have to say it was the favourite place I went to while in the city (which is why I came back again before heading home to Toronto). I was on the hunt for craft beer since the previous 2 dinners were at Molson product serving bars. Started with a Raspberry Blonde beer which has just the right fruity hints without being a full on fruity beer. Then moved on to the IPA which is a fantasticly smooth but hoppy concoction that gets full marks.Then the food came out. The wings were pretty good, but I had a pulled pork sandwich with avocado and aioli on it which makes me wonder why I've never had this flavour combination before. So good, that when I returned I had them custom make an order of nachos with pulled pork and avocado on them (with less impressive results, but thats what you get when you order custom things not on the menu, and kudos to them willing to adapt on my request).Friendly people in the place not afraid to make small talk, with a majoritively good mix of music in the background (tons of sing along type 90's rock tunes, a sprinkling of hip hop, and the occasional classic from across the genre boards), nice bartenders, and good food. They even have one of those shuffleboard tables upstairs by the bathrooms. I havent seen one of those things in eons. Whats not to love about this place? 5 STARS!
2	Absolutley appalling seasonal beer and very good fish and chips
3	Potential but the selection, in my opinion, was very poor.When I went with a couple of friends a year ago, they told me they didn't even have pitchers and I had to order pints. PINTS?!? I'm 6'2 210lbs, Eastern European, Future engineer AND single. I have 4 things "going on for me" that make me a heavyweight drinking buddy. A pint is like water to me! How can a place that has a homemade brewed beer NOT have pitchers?Didn't stay long since my group decided to hit MadHatter but the atmosphere seemed INSANE. I saw someone pour beer from his mug from the top of the staircase into the mouth of a girl standing near the bar while everyone was cheering on! Holy Weinershnitzel!Food: Didn't have any, so I can't judge.Service: 6/10, the bar downstairs only had a rookie that had a hard time with the beer tap.Price: 8/10 typical downtown prices really.Atmosphere: SOLID 10/10. Insane! Also nice decor and if you don't want the crazyness that I witnessed on the first floor, you can always go in the basement which seems to be often vacant. NOW, I'm not sure if such events happen often but the staff didn't seem to mind which, in my opinion means they were accustomed to it.
1	Mel, our server, was great. Kept coming over to check up on us, made sure we knew of the good places around. The beer was tasty, shots were cheap, overall everyone was quite nice. Unfortunately, we have to give it one star due to our terrible experience with the bouncer. He said we had 5 minutes to leave at the end of the night, and, instead of waiting for us to finish our beers and giving us those 5 minutes, he proceeded to TAKE THEM OUT OF OUR HANDS and toss them. Apparently he has a different perception of 5 minutes than we do. That's an insanely rude way to treat your customers. In short, overall, a nice place, but don't go spending your money here close to closing time. What a ridiculously terrible experience at an otherwise enjoyable establishment. Pity.
4	I came here with a group of friends in search of a bar with good beer to relax in and watch the World Cup.  We tried a bunch of their beers - my favorite (which was my favorite microbrew I tried during our 3 days in Montreal) was their honey brown ale.  It had this great honey flavor without being to sweet. Other than an order of French fries we didn't try the food, but I would definitely go back for a few more beers.
5	Brutopia is a really great place for s beer and for live music.  Went here on a whim because a)close to our hotel and b) its a brewpub and I love brew pubs and I am glad we did.  We came later in the evening, arriving around 11 for a drink or two and discovered that a band was playing.  The place was not really busy at that point so we managed to find a place upstairs.   The upstairs bar setup is really great for concerts because they have a balcony right overlooking the music.  There are also ledges you can lean on and watch the band, the acoustics are also quote good.  For beer, their but brown ale and their IPA are both good while my girlfriend has a raspberry wheat ale she liked.   Our waitress was also excellent, very friendly and enthusiastic, really good service at a busy bar, unfortunately I forgot her name but she was excellent.  Overall a top notch place to have a pint and listen to some music.
5	On October 11, was my first time going out. I turned 18 2 days prior to that day. Like every 18 year Olds I went out to clubbing first to see what it is about and was pretty disappointed. The first club was people around the age of 30,35 dressed as young 18 years old. The second was young people my age sniffing coke and having sex in the bathroom. The third was a small club , where I found out was a pickup bar, where old young weird guy flirt with you. finally I had enough and went with some of my friends on the other side and went to this pub. I couldn't believe it. It was awesome. good blues music, great beer and also great people. at the end of the night, my feelings of that night changed because of that pub and I recommend it to many people.
3	After arriving to Montreal late on a Friday night we wanted to scope out the bar scene near our hotel. Our concierge directed us to Rue Crescent where we would find many bars for a Friday night out. One of the first bars we walked by was Brutopia. It was cold out and it sounded interesting so we went in. Upon walking in we noticed some very drunk groups of people who we were slightly nervous would spill their drinks on us if we stood near them. So we headed upstairs to the second floor where there weren't many people. The bartenders were friendly and provided good service. The band playing was really awesome which created a really fun atmosphere. It was a fun place to stop in for a good beer and live music.
4	Great space, prompt service, good fare, and live music. Great for gathering friends. Reasonable prices.
4	This place has good beer and most times the live music is great. Love the atmosphere, it's one of our favorite pubs downtown. The only thing is that the bar doesnt accept debit cards so you have to have cash on hand or use the atm outside which is very costly. Other than that no complaints. Very laid back and an awesome place to chill and have good beer.
