5	A friend suggested that I try the Dukes of Air for my AC check up. I have never been comfortable with an AC company as you never now if they are being straight with you... Tonya set up the call and John showed up right on time. He put on booties to protect my floor and asked me how the system was working. He then proceeded into the attic and was up there for 30 - 45 minutes. He came back down and I braced for the damage... "Your system is in great shape!" was John's reply. He headed out back to clean and service the exterior units and gave us a clean bill of health! I LOVE finding honest people to help with services!
5	I have a hard time trusting A/C repairmen.  I'm not about to go rooting around on my rooftop in AZ in the middle of summer and I don't know if they're telling me the truth about repairs or if they're just putting duct tape and band aids on the problem...That's why I like Dukes of Air.  I know I can trust them with my A/C needs.  They're a family-operated business, they are punctual, and they stand behind their work.  I have known one of the owners for some time now, and she is very passionate about her customers.  I know she'll treat me right whenever I need help with my A/C.  She is honest and I wouldn't hesitate to use Dukes of Air or send my friends/family.
5	The Dukes of Air provide great service at a great price. After going through a several overpriced and less than honest AC contractors, these guys are a breath of fresh air. I would not hesitate to recommend The Dukes of Air to my friends and family.
5	It's hard to find an AC company that wants nothing more than to make you happy.  With fair prices and dedicated service, this family owned and operated company comes highly recommended.  They go the extra mile to solve problems and don't leave you with a lot of surprises.  You want someone you can trust...call them.
5	Great company because I feel as if they really cared about my system and my return business.  It is nice to see that there are companies out there that plan on having you as a customer for life and don't look at you as a quick buck.  Customer service is hard to come by these days but Dukes of Air excel at it.  Thanks for your quality work, you have my business!!!
5	These people are great, hard working, and very trust worthy. I would trust them with my house any day.
5	The Dukes of Air are outstanding. If you are having trouble with your heater as winter creeps in, give these guys a call. I know that i have had great experience with all of the people on their team. I am thankful to know such a great team of air conditioning professionals. I know i will call them for any hvac issues that await me. Thanks Dukes of Air!
5	Very pleased with my choice to call the Dukes to my home tonight! Tonya was very pleasant, but the professionalism and knowledge of John was truly exceptional. A quick diagnosis, followed by professional and accurate workmanship resolved the issue I was having with my HVAC. I write this at 11:35 PM, just as John is pulling away from my home. He needs to replace a piece that wasn't available tonight, but coordinated a time with me for his return. In the meantime, I have heat for the weekend!!!Thanks John, your hard work and great attitude has not gone unnoticed. Keep up the great work!
5	I only wish I would have called sooner.Thank you, John - my bedroom in no longer inexplicably freezing!Great value, friendly, knowledgeable and efficient service. I definitely recommend you don't wait until you have a problem before calling the Dukes of Air for annual maintenance. If I would have called earlier, I would have saved hundreds in heating bills. I'll be having them back to check the air in summer.
5	This will go down as one of the most pleasant service/ home repair visits ever ! John replaced the blower motor that had gone kaput. He was knowledgeable, considerate, reliable and just as nice as could be. These are the things we all hope to find when having to have an outside service come into our homes and fix things. From my first contact with Tonya to Johns arrival, it was a positive experience. I know that I have a reliable company to turn to, for all heating and air needs.  Yee Haw! (I had to put it!)
5	If you are looking for a dependable and honest heating and cooling company don't look any further!!  Arizona's Dukes of Air has years of experience and a very knowledgable staff. They offer great discounts and don't charge for after hours calls. I highly recommend using them for all your heating and cooling needs!
5	My wife researched for an AC repair company for an AC checkup going through the neighborhood Facebook groups. Robert was honest and low-pressure, telling me my options and the risks, offering the choice that it *could* last past the coming summer, but there is a chance it would fail - my choice to replace or not.  Very good experience and I will hit them again.
5	I recently had to have some some work done on my roof that needed the A/C to be disconnected and crane lifted off the roof. They came to help with the disconnect/reconnect of the system. Throughout the entire time they were there, they were extremely helpful and very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend them to anybody that needs any work done on their hvac system!
5	My husband and I are building a house in Gilbert and wanted to have a company look at our new AC before we closed. Called the dukes and it was easy to set up an apt around my schedule!  I was truly impressed with John's knowledge and tips for our new unit.  I would highly recommend them. Thanks so much again!
5	I have used other companies in the past, but really have to say that these guys are top-notch.  Robert did a fantastic, and thorough job inspecting my system.  He highlighted things to be aware of, and took the time to explain things that I was curious about.  Thank You
5	Richard just finished checking our AC units for the coming session.  Professional and thorough service. Highly recommend Dukes of Air professional services. Thanks Richard
5	Great Company! Used for the 1st time to have AC tune up, great contact from making  appointment last week to great service when Robert showed up today. He really took the time to explain everything to me. Highly Recommend company and will not hesitate to use them again.
5	Wow most professional service I have had - from any trade. Robert really knows HVAC and equally important honest. He showed me what he was doing, why he was doing it and what I can do to maintain the system and minimize my cooling bills. This is so much more than I had expected. Also they were a great value. I estimate that they were 2/3 or even as much as half as the other big company I had originally called. Given the level of service they are an amazing value. When it comes time to buy new units they will get my business.
5	These guys fixed an ac unit that has never worked right. My little boys and I are loving life now that it was repaired. I had two previous technicians from other companies over the past year come and troubleshoot and didn't find anything out of the norm, these guys found it in 10 minutes and it works like a new unit now. AMAZING. Thanks so much guys
5	We needed an annual service on the two units at our home here in Gilbert. Last year, we had a big name company do a routine service for $210. The whole process last year took about 45 mins and their recommendations were "... need more blown insulation and need a 4 yr service contract for $840..." And BTW, they had a special that week only for both services at a 10% discount. I was unimpressed, hence looking for a second opinion.Robert our tech arrived within 20 mins of the target start time and took 2 hrs to go over the system. He inspected everything and measured the performance of the capacitors which start the fans and compressors. He showed me that one for the fan was performing at less than 50% of what was listed as required. He recommended replacement which we did. Everything else was fine.So our total bill with replacement of one capacitor for the fan was less than the other guys routine service.Robert was polite, wore shoe covers inside, and explained things as he went. He acted in a professional manner at all times.
5	Second time I have used this company and have been very happy. Robert was courteous, professional and carried on in the warm sun with a smile. Took the time to explain my issue and even educate me on ways to run my system more efficiently. This was all on a Saturday. Good job! Thanks so much!
5	We purchased a mini-split AC unit for our garage and called the Dukes to install it. Their price was far better than any quote we'd received and the unit was installed the next day. Installation quality was top shelf! We've also used the Dukes to service the two AC units in our home. Not only did they spot and repair potential issues with our system, they also educated us on how to get the most out of our system.We're very happy with their service and would recommend them to anyone looking for a fair and reliable AC company.
5	Great service!  Robert was on time, thorough, and had integrity.  I would recommend!
5	My AC broke down yesterday, so I revisited my post and researched all of the companies that were suggested. After my research I called The Dukes of Air, and am happy I did. They came to my house within 90 minutes, diagnosed my problem and quickly fixed it. John (the owner) did not try to over sell me anything and was very courteous. Even though in general, I don't trust AC companies, I think I found one I will continue to use, finally!!!
5	A service company doesn't get any better than Dukes of Air. We came home on a Sunday afternoon to find our up-stairs A/C off and the temperature climbing. I called Dukes at 1PM, they had someone at our house at 2:15 and the the A/C was back up and running within an hour. Not only was the service done quickly, but they walked us through every step of the process - making sure we understood what was wrong with the system and what was normal wear on a 15 year old system.Excellent local company.
5	What a great company...John Kubacki came out himself! On Memorial Day! Of all days to have the air go out, mine had to go out on Memorial Day, when my family was gathered to enjoy my son being home on leave from the US Army for the holiday. The best thing? The work was diagnosed quickly, problem solved for less than $200! No charge for Holiday, in fact, John even gave a discount because we are a military family. Love the Orange work van, and the Rebel Charge Airhorn blast when they arrive and when they leave. Just a fun company, really nice people at the office and in person! NO HESITATION in using this company again! Well done Duke's! Well done! And, thanks for your support of our troops!Respectfully,A very cool and happy Chandler customer
5	Dukes will be my new go to company for my heating and air conditioning needs. Robert was on time, thorough and explained all his findings to me in a way I could understand. From the moment I called them, everyone was pleasant and helpful. I will definitely refer them to all my friends!!
5	Honestly, I was dreading setting up an HVAC appointment for a diagnostic check on the ac unit at our new house. I called around, even used a referral from our realtor but just as I was dreading, they all seemed shady. I came across AZ Dukes of Air on Yelp and figured I give them a try. Wow! They were great to deal with over the phone and by email! They're an old school mom and pop shop; John's wife Tonya does the administrative work while John runs the HVAC work. I love it! Since we bought a foreclosed home, our move in date kept moving, and moving, and moving some more. So, I kept having to call Tonya and move our appointment time. I felt terrible and flaky but Tonya was more than understanding and happily changed my appointment time - several times. I was bracing myself for a ridiculous "service charge" just to take a look at my ac unit but it was actually very reasonable - I believe I paid around $40 for the diagnostic check. I'll take that! But I still had my reservations - ok, so low fee to check out my ac unit and then comes the bait and switch? Nope! I knew my unit was original to the house so I was just assuming it was going to be a lot of work to bring it up to working order. But, thankfully, Robert gave me great news: although it looks old, it's actually running very well. I mean, what? That's not what an HVAC person is supposed to say?? Aren't you supposed to try to tell me my unit is old and I need a new one?! You're actually telling me the truth?! (Excuse me while I pinch myself.)So, all in all, I loved my experience with AZ Dukes of Air. They were great to work with, honest, and charged a reasonable fee for their spectacular service. I will definitely recommend them for any HVAC needs!
5	After dealing with another company that wanted to charge us thousands of dollars to replace the coil, John came by and said that the coil was completely fixable.  In about 1 1/2 hours he was done and the A/C was as good as new.  And, He was extremely friendly and helpful.  I will certainly refer Arizona's Dukes of Air to friends and family and use them again in the future.  It was a pleasant surprise to deal with a company that was concerned about customer service and doing a good job versus just milking the customers for money.
5	These guys are great!It was a Friday night and we noticed our A/C wasn't doing its thing properly. We searched around: the first company said to call them back in the morning. That wasn't an option. The second company said they would call us back but didn't after 15 minutes. This wasn't acceptable to us, though I guess we could sympathize as a customer since it was almost 9 at night.We found Arizona Dukes of Air and they came out ASAP. Turns out the owner himself arrived, which we thought was incredible. He was very personable and explained everything thoroughly, even had a laugh about the status of our duct work. Things are not good in this area of our house and if it wasn't for Arizona Dukes of Air we may not have found out until much too late.He got everything fixed and the cost was maybe 1/4 of what a major company would have charged. As he was leaving he mentioned he could help us out with contacting the home warranty people. The whole experience could have been much worse, but we found that Arizona Dukes handled everything very well.They're now our go-to company and will always recommend them.
5	I also gotta add that John came out late that night and mentioned he had an appointment with another customer at 6 the next morning. He sacrificed his time with his family and his sanity (we all need sleep after a long day) to make sure we were taken care of. He was concerned that we wouldn't have a working A/C for that night and just got it done.Also, I'm not a veteran, but like him I respect them. He mentioned that on Memorial Day he offered discounted services to veterans. John and everyone at Arizona's Dukes of Air are simply amazing.
5	These guys took my call on a Sunday and came out and fixed the problem the same day.  More importantly, they fixed the problem at a fair price.  Thank you yelp for once again helping me find an honest company with great service, I will definitely use this company again.
5	Like many others, I was hesitant to call the AC repairman as I knew my unit was old and felt like I would be pressured to upgrade.  However, when hot air was continuously blowing out of my vents and the outside unit was not running I knew something was seriously wrong.  I searched Yelp and came across Arizona's Dukes of Air.  After reading the stellar reviews I figured this would be my best option.  I was surprised that Robert was able to come out a couple hours after I called and diagnose the problem.  Robert was professional, polite, and most importantly brutally honest.  He did not sugar coat how crucial my situation was but at the same time he wasn't pushy about what I should decide.  He informed me of my options and the pros and cons of those choices.  He did a great job of explaining the specifics of what was going on with my AC.  He was able to fix my unit temporarily with some new wiring but he warned me that this was only a temporary fix and my unit could die at any moment.  Sure enough, a few hours after he left the hot air began to blow once more.  My unit has been at my residence since 1986 so I knew it was at the end of it's life.  He came out again on Sunday and the unit overheated several times as he was trying to salvage what he could.  Again, he did not pressure me to make any hasty decisions but it became clear what I needed to do.  It was either me replacing the unit or continuing to replace piece by piece of my old unit knowing that it was eventually going to be dead for good.  I ended up deciding to replace the unit.  Robert and John were able to replace the unit the very next day.  The process went as smooth as possible and was done swiftly and professionally.  I recommend this company to anyone in need of quality AC work.
5	The company that installed our air conditioners on our new home referred us to their preferred service provider.  I felt a little uneasy after speaking with someone at this preferred provider and checked out their reviews.  After reading review after review that was not complimentary I found Arizona Dukes of Air.  I called and when no one answered I left a voice mail.  I was pleasantly surprised when I received a return phone call back within a couple of minutes and an apology.  Tonya, told me that she get someone out to my house the same day and told me a couple of the probable issues with our units.  The preferred provider wasn't available for two days and had a less than desirable time slot.John, the owner called me at the time I was told he would be available and said he'd be out to my house in 10 minutes.  He arrived, made a diagnosis, and got us back to refrigerated bliss.  John showed me the problem and explained the air conditioning system.  I really enjoyed talking with him, but it was cut short by my neighbor knocking on the door asking him to look at his system.  Before he left he gave my two year-old son magnets and honked his horn.  I promised that if I received 5 star services, I would rate them with 5 stars and leave a review.  Arizona Dukes of Air fulfilled their part of the bargain.  And now I have too.
5	As with many, I always hate having to deal with this stuff.  So many times it is an exercise in not getting overcharged, getting people to show in a reasonable time, and everything else that comes along with this stuff.  I had called another company when my AC first went out and could not get them to call me back.  I got on Yelp and found these folks.  Got ahold of someone, the scheduled me for the next day, actually showed up early, and fixed my problem.  My problem was pretty bad and actually took all day to fix.  In the end, I actually paid less than others would have charged and I feel as if I received top notch service.  In short, from my experience, these guys get it.  They work hard, they do the job right, and they leave the place as good or better than they found it all for a reasonable price.  There really is not much more to say.
5	Few days back our outdoor unit started making some strange noises and after looking at the Yelp reviews I called this company. John came by and explained me what needed to be done and gave me a quote. From talking to John I felt that his assessment was honest. His price was also good. Today he came by and did the needed job. Again, it was a pleasure dealing with him. This whole experience with this company has been so different than my last experience (see my earlier Yelp review on a similar company).
5	I had a minor wiring issue with my Nest thermostat.  I called these guys, set up an appointment at a convenient time after work, and they arrived right on time.  Robert called me as he was heading to my house and offered to walk me through it over the phone to save me the service call.  I declined and he came over promptly.  He was friendly, helpful, and worked quickly.  He quickly resolved the problem.  I was very impressed and would certainly recommend this company for any A/C service needs!
5	It doesn't get any better than these guys.  24/7 service, wiling to stop by within the hour and problem fixed quickly.  I had a loud noise coming from the air handler in the ceiling.  It tuned out the scroll fan and motor were shot.  John stopped by at 7am, removed the bad parts, picked up new parts from the dealer and had me up and running by 10am.  Great guy to deal with, fast service, and quality work.  While he was here he even checked out the whole system to be sure it was operating correctly.
5	The people at the Dukes of Air are trustworthy and do a great job.  I love family owned businesses where the owners really care about their clients.  The Dukes of Air is a family owned business and they pride themselves on great customer service.  This is a great AC company that will be honest with you.
5	My husband was out of state when our A/C went out.  I was worried I'd be taken advantage of and was told by one person we needed a new compressor.  I had a recommendation for AZ Dukes of Air from a friend who had a great experience so I called them.  The owner called me back and reassured me that they were not like some companies who would take advantage of me.  I felt so comfortable after talking to him.  He sent his tech out who had my A/C running in no time at all and the repair was only $177.  No compressor needed!!!!  So thrilled with my experience.  Now they are programmed in my phone for future use!
5	Woke up this morning to a non-working AC unit. Found Dukes on Yelp and made the call. Great response time, very professional and personable. No hard up-selling. Will definitely recommend. And I totally geeked when John hit the horn as he pulled away!
5	I called in a panic and was given nothing but professional service.  I will recommend this company to everyone I know.  Thank you, Wisconsin!
5	Great company. They repaired both of our air conditioners quickly and at a reasonable price. The staff was also knowledgable and friendly.Thank you!I will recommend them to my friends and family.
5	I highly recommend The Dukes of Air!  I called them first thing this morning and they were out shortly after.  Very professional, kind and they know their stuff.  The other great thing is they are affordable.  Thanks for coming to the rescue Dukes!!!  Robert you were awesome!!!!
5	This is the first time I have ever left a review on yelp. But I just feel I needed to after having Robert come out and fix my air. He was very friendly, clean and honest. If you live in the east valley and need ac work please call them first.
5	My family and I are new to Arizona, and the sweltering heat :). Two days into buying our home, one of the AC units needed service (on a Saturday night). I called Dukes of Air based on the Yelp reviews, and our service could not have been better. Not only did we not get charged for nights/weekend service, the AC technician was at our home within 2 hours, got us up and running quickly and gave us some great pointers on AC maintenance. Seriously, highly recommend these folks, they are as good as it gets
5	I didn't get the chance to use Arizona Duke's services because the gentleman I had previously called showed up. But I definitely want to give kudos to Tonya for her awesome customer service. I had called a company previously and scheduled someone to come rescue us because our air had gone out. When he didn't respond to my calls or texts, I called Dukes. They were super nice and promised their tech would be out within the hour (on a Sunday at 6:00 p.m.) It was at this time the company I had originally called showed up and I had to call Arizona's Dukes back and cancel. Ms. Tonya was super nice and totally understood my situation. I hope my A/C doesn't go out again! But should it, I will definitely be giving this company a call back.
5	Our issues occurred on a Sunday evening - they were quick to answer and quick to send their technician - who wound up being the owner.  After a quick check of things, he found the problem and fixed it with minimal distress to our family.  Amazingly good customer service, genuine interest in building a customer relationship.  Kudos, we'll definitely be keeping them on our list for maintenance, preventive and otherwise.
5	Friendly gal on the phone. Unfortunately we're outside of their service area. Yelp shows their range being all the way out to Deer Valley but she said this is a problem with Yelp. So I'm mostly reviewing them just to let folks in the Peoria/Surprise area know that they're not in range. Gave them 5 stars for the quick call-back and for being so nice on the phone.
5	Professional, efficient, honest!!!!I had someone come by when my AC spontaneously stopped working, ended up paying $300 with no resolve and was told my compressor needed to be replaced! Tons of scam artists in this business!! I called these guys in hopes of getting some resolve after reading the amaZing reviews, Dustin showed up sooner then the quoted time! He answered all of our questions, was very thorough and honest! He ended up telling us that our AC is in good working order despite what the prior AC guy told us (our compressor was going out, $3,000)! I'm so glad that these guys are around and provide such honest service!Our house is finally cooling down and I couldn't be more happy! I will refer them to everyone I know!Their receptionist was also very assuring on the phone and listened attentively to my frazzled comments! Thank you for that!
5	Being from Georgia, we were amused by the name of this company. The ratings made us confident that they would be just as awesome to do business with.  We had them do an inspection on a home we were purchasing and followed up with them to do the repairs after closing.  No hard up selling, very friendly and personable. Shows you what they are explaining and educated this southern girl on air filters in Arizona (dust!). Bought the service plan. Robert cleaned up any mess from going into the attic and made sure to close the gate. Small things that shows they care about the details.
5	The A/C on my rental unit was blowing warm air so I called Dukes of Air based on their great Yelp reviews...glad I did!  The woman on the phone was courteous and friendly - I called around 4pm on Wed and she setup an appointment for 9-11am on Thursday.  Dustin called at 8:30 to let me know he was on his way and he arrived promptly at 9am.  Dustin was professional and friendly.  He quickly diagnosed the issue (electrical) then pulled out a binder which listed their easy-to-understand pricing structure and walked me through what he needed to do and how much it would cost.  I was impressed by how organized and standardized the process was.  He then replaced the necessary parts, wrote a receipt and charged my credit card.  I thought it was a reasonable price and the whole process took a little over an hour.I will definitely use Dukes of Air for my future AC needs.  Highly recommend.
5	We had a great experience with this company! I woke up on a Sunday morning to a hot house and searched yelp for a/c companies and called them because of their great reviews. I called them and the girl on the phone was very friendly and sent someone out and they were at my house in about an hour and a half..Robert came out and figured out we had a refrigerant leak. He fixed it temporarily but wasn't able to find the leak that day. Dustin came out a few days later and found the leak. He fixed it within about an hour. They are very honest and professional! They give you a 2 hour window and they are definitely there within that window! I will be using them in the future for sure! Highly recommend!
5	Called and they happened to have a tech nearby. They quoted within a 2 hour gap he would be here and he was here at the earliest chunk of that. Tech's name was Robert and was extremely helpful and informative.What I enjoyed most was that he was honest and realistic with what needed to be done and gave us plenty of options and the pros and cons to doing them or not. I would absolutely call them up again for any other A/C or heating service.
5	The Dukes of Air Team is as solid as they come. From the moment Tonya answered my call and questions, she was very concerned and genuinely cared about my a/c issue. John came out to evaluate my issue @ 3 hrs earlier than projected on a Saturday. Robert is a very knowledgeable, top technician.  Overall this team showed professionalism and compassion, not to mention saved me thousands of dollars, as quoted from a competitor.  I would highly recommend this team to my friends and family.
5	We had an A/C unit go out at 11pm and I called and asked for a tech early the next morning.  Robert showed up promptly at 8am and took care of the repair quickly. The price was reasonable.  Two days later our other unit went out and I called in the afternoon.  They said they were booked up and I let them know we really were hoping to get somebody out that night.  The receptionist called me back after talking to the owner and he said he would personally show up as long as I didn't mind it being a little later.  He showed up right at 9pm and took care of the issue.  Everything has been great!
5	Okay, here's my story like many I imagine. A/C went out and it was 110+ degrees outside of course. So I searched and found Duke's through Yelp and choose them because of the great reviews. Boy am I happy I did,  can't rave enough about them and the service. A/C is working fantastic now! Dustin the A/C guy went above and beyond to make sure everything was good with the system. Answering any questions I had. He was really knowledgeable and frankly great at what he does. No B.S these guys get it done and very reasonable $.  Strongly suggest giving these guys a call first!
5	A very reliable and honest company.  Highly recommend this company to anyone needing a/c repair.  Also would like the company know about the excellent technician that was sent to my place. Very punctual,  honest, professional and  knows his business inside and out.  Hope the company appreciates such a model employee.  His name is Robert.  Simply the best.  Will recommend this company to all of my friends.
5	Seriously I could not be more impressed with this company and their rep, Dustin, that came out! Let me start by saying I'm 8 months pregnant and was in meltdown mode when we came home and our AC was not working. After an hour of messing with it we came to yelp to find someone to call. Dukes of Air does not charge anything extra to come out during "off hours" plus number one. We called at 8 on a Saturday night and they had someone at our house in less than an hour plus number 2! Dustin arrive and was very pleasant despite it being 8:30 on a Saturday. He got up on the roof right away figured out the problem and returned to let us know. He carried a binder that read the parts and labor cost for each repair so you know it's the same for everyone, plus three. Simple part repair which took him just a few minutes to fix. Once he finished my husband and I asked a slew of questions about why the part broke, what we could have done, and pointers to keep repairs simple. He never rushed the questions and was happy to educate us. It was now 9:15 on a SATURDAY! He was so professional and informative. We will absolutely call them on everything AC - absolutely AWESOME!!!!
5	A bit of bad luck this week with two a/c units having problems.  But Dukes of Air took care of them quickly and efficiently.  Honest and professional work.  Thanks!
5	We had an issue with a noisy fan in our air handler. I had anticipated a bad bearing was the source of the issue. I called them about 7 am on a Sunday and they were at the house by 10a. The debug took about 10 minutes and sure enough the blower motor needed to be replaced. He had the part in the truck and within and hour we were back online with he new blower.The service tech's name was Dustin and he was very personable, thorough and communicated well. This was a very good experience and I would use them again. I highly recommend Arizona Dukes of Air.
5	Thank you! Same day fast reliable service! Will definitely use and recommend again!  Thank you again!
5	Great experience with these guys. Prompt, polite service from the office. Solid pricing. Sweet vans.Dustin was our tech and he found 2 problems when doing a Summer time-up. We never felt like we were being "taken" - honest, clean, did excellent work, and was on time. That's about all you can ask for!Will call them again if needed.
5	I know nothing about A/C's.  Searched Yelp for a good company to give my business to and I couldn't be happier with Arizona's Dukes of Air.  Robert came to my house within an hour of calling and had the problem fixed in about 45 mins.  Not only did he get my unit up and running but he went out of his way to show me some preventative maintenance tips.  I would highly recommend giving these guys a shot.
5	They're great. One hour from calling to schedule to a complete repair. Thirteen years in Arizona and I've never need HVAC assistance before now. This place was a shot in the dark. Thank you Yelp! For the first time since moving in two months ago, its cool in my bedroom. I'm a very happy customer.
5	As an out of town landlord, it can be dicey choosing a company to service the HVAC equipment. Did a lot of research & decided to give Arizona's Dukes of Air a try. Really glad I did. The technician was prompt, took the time to go over the system & called me with his recommendation. Owning our own HVAC company in CA, I had complete confidence is his findings. Our tenants were pleased too & took cards to hand out to neighbors & friends. Word of mouth can be your best advertising!  Give Tonya a call, you won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent company to work with.  Fast and responsive even when it is their busiest time of year.  Most importantly they were honest and knowledgeable.  Rather than try to sell us a bunch of stuff we really didin't need, they just found the problem and fixed it correctly.  Great service and fair prices.
5	When our first A/C unit went out, another company told us our only remedy was to replace it - and gave us a quote for $5k.  When our second unit went out three days later, we called the Dukes.  Even though it was 8:30 at night, John came over within the hour.  After 20 minutes he was able to diagnose that one unit simply needed more refrigerant and the other had a worn motor.  Instead of a new A/C, we just needed some refrigerant and a new motor.  John saved us thousands in premature replacement cost, not to mention outstanding responsiveness, professional interaction, and COLD AIR!  When we finally get to the point of replacing the units, we will not hesitate to call John back and have his crew do the job.  From the other reviews, we are not alone!
5	Had another company out twice.   The other guys first charged me 400 for a possible leak??  Possible slow leak.... Nope, called the same company back the next day the 2nd tech said is was my duct work and I would need to take out the entire duct system do drywall and replace about 10,000   Keep in mind the AC has worked fine duct work and all for 8 years.  The system was just not cooling.Arizona Dukes of Air and my trusted YELP friends (thank you very much) gave me the correct problem and was fixed.  Yes there was a problem not a leak and not duct work.  It was over the 4th of July and they came out and stayed in constant contact with me about the problem and about the solution.  They worked around my tenants timeframe and AC  FIXED!   They even went out when the tenant called and said it was not working......she forgot to turn in on auto instead of FAN  the house is way almost off grid in Apache Junction and thank goodness did not charge for the follow up.Prompt, professional and they know what they are doing.  NO UPSALE.....NO FAKE MAINTANANCE PROGAM.....just good, honest people.  I thought they didn't exist anymore.  Thank you for you help!
5	I honestly cannot remember the last service call I have made of any kind which went nearly as well as this. As consumers, we always hope for the best but expect the worst. Robert certainly turned that thinking around. He was prompt, courteous, knowledgeable, and willing to explain exactly what was wrong and what his recommendations were. I will definitely recommend Dukes of Air to everyone I know, and should the need arise in the future, I won't hesitate for a second to call upon their services again. THANK YOU!
5	In my work life, I deal with many HVAC companies on a regular basis and most are a complete rip off. When it came time to call one to my house, I was immediately dreading the experience. I just knew i was in for a song and dance about how my system was a total mess and needed many costly repairs, or replacement. That was NOT the case with Dukes of Air.  I called late one night (9:30 pm) and expected to leave a message.  Instead the call was picked up by a very friendly woman, and an appointment scheduled for the very next day. Robert showed up exactly on time and with a big smile and a handshake. He was the most friendly, customer service oriented person I have ever met.  He worked quickly and efficiently and had my unit running in less than an hour. The price was not ridiculously shocking as I expected, rather it seemed quite fair. On top of everything, Robert gave me some tips on how i could fix my temperamental RV gate.  What a nice guy!I will definitely do business with these guys again and recommend them to all my friends.  Thanks Robert and Dukes of Air for showing me that there still are great companies who are customer service oriented.
5	We called based on their 5-star rating and now echo the accolades. Arizona's Dukes of Air really pulled through for us during a time of great distress.  They were prompt at getting someone here (on a Saturday evening!), the price was reasonable and the service was excellent. Robert was very professional, personable and knowledgeable. I will definitely do business with them again and highly recommend them!
5	Best experience with a sales and installation company Ever.  Arizona Dukes of Air does it right!  They were prompt, professional and wonderful to have working in our home.I could keep writing all sorts of positive adjectives all day about this company. Quite simply, they Rock!  A/C is very important to us and it is a miracle we found someone we can trust!From the initial phone call I made to them, I was greeted warmly by Tonya, who listened to my situation and set up an appointment for later that day. The technician, Robert arrived that afternoon right on time. He was very easy to talk to and made me feel at ease having him in our home, assessing the problem.  His expertise and ability to diagnose our cooling issue was refreshing. We had options and did not feel pushed into any decision.As a large bonus, they provided a portable A/C unit for us overnight! Life-Saver!!We ended up replacing our old and unsafe unit with a new Day and Night system. Luckily, the very next day, it was installed by Robert and the Owner, John.  Their craftsmanship speaks volumes about their integrity.  They take so much pride in what they do.  All of the work was done that day and we were enjoying our air-conditioning immediately!!The new system is so quiet and wonderful. We really feel Spoiled by this level of service. I honestly didn't think that it was possible to enjoy this type of comfort in a home.I would not go anywhere else for my air conditioning needs, "Arizona's Dukes of Air LLC" is the best!! Don't waste your time with any other company.
5	John and Robert came out today on short notice to repair our air conditioner that was not working.  Very professional.  Did an excellent job replacing a part (rather than try to sell me a new unit) and added freon as needed.  They also installed digital thermometers.  I am one happy camper with cold air blowing on me as I type!  :-)  Would highly recommend.
5	Excellent service and really nice, honest folks.  My A/C was blowing cool air, but not very much of it.I called at 11PM for a non-emergent issue, as I wanted to be sure to get a call scheduled ASAP, so my dogs would not be in a hot house.  It was not a problem, but I did disturb some sleep.  The following day, Dustin arrived right on schedule.  He diagnosed my problem in short order, advised me of my options, and implemented the best fix.  He even educated me about my replacement options for when the time comes, so I can budget and get the right unit for my needs - all without a hint of hard-sell or "replace it now" like you get from so many service companies.All told, the fix was in place and my house was cooling down in about an hour.  The service call was less money than expected and the system is working better than it has in years.Duke's of Air will get to replace my system when the time comes.  Good, honest service made me a loyal customer.  So if you need heating or air-conditioning service, give them a shout.
5	John showed up earlier then what he had initially stated, and yes a really cool truck.  He determined the problem and pulled out his magic wand and got out A/C working in a matter of minutes. It took a bit to locate the part we needed since this is not a part normally carried on his truck.but . he took care of it as fast as he could and had the A/C working before he left to find this part (circuit card). What a pleasure to work with him, the price we reasonable and i WILL DEFIANTLY CALL HIM AGAIN FOR AND HEATING OR A/C ISSUES.  Get the most for for you buck, call  John , and i promise you the he will take care of any issue you might have.  Did I mention his cool truck?
5	I am very impressed with this company and their technicians. I had a problem on Saturday and started calling HVAC companies....I couldn't get thought to four companies until I called Dukes of Air....they answered the telephone after a few rings and was able to come out to my house the next day which was Sunday.  He found the problem right away, fixed it and only charged me the service call, even coming out on a Sunday....I was very pleased. I called them another time for another unit and again they found the problem right away.  They are very reliable, capable, honest and friendly people.  They know how to make their customers happy.  AND they answer their telephone....
5	A/C stopped working on a Sunday. System is about 7 years old, so I was dreading what the problem could be , hoping I didn't need a new unit. Did a little research and some testing, but there was no way I could fix whatever was wrong with it. Turned to Yelp, saw the great reviews for Duke, so decided to give them a call. They answered the phone and had a technician out to my home within an hour!! I talked with the tech, gave him an overview of the problem, and he went to work. I was hoping it was just the capacitor, the cheapest part I would need to replace. Well, it ended up being my fan motor had seized up and was shot. He explained the problem which jived with what I had observed, and gave me a quote BEFORE he started doing any actual repairs. While it was more expensive than the capacitor, he did not try and sell me a new unit or upsell me on any maintenance package or anything like that. I gave him the OK, and he got the job done in about an hour, and had the motor on his truck. A/C now working fine and the fan motor I got is a much better quality than the stock one it replaced. He even told me I should not have to replace the fan motor again for the lifetime of the system. Prompt service, even on a Sunday, knowledgeable and friendly technician, and honest pricing. Could not ask for more.
5	I first called upon a friend of a friends AC company (Bad Decision) they sent a tech out and billed me $95 for "No Issues Discovered, Runs Normal" however this was not the case. My AC would cycle on and off every 15 seconds and then again at 30 seconds, the tech said that was normal. I thought I was going mad, like the Edgar Allen Poe Book with the guy killing himself due to the scratching in the wall. But after looking through Yelp I saw 75 reviews of Dukes and all good, hey can't go wrong there right. Exactly! They were prompt to return my call on a Saturday morning, they sent Dustin out that same afternoon, he diagnosed the problem "a defrost circuit board". They ordered the part and came back out on Monday as planned and walla! All Fixed. They are familiar with Trane and have all of the right tools not just a set of gauges to test for a temperature spread. Pricing was spot-on-good too. After he was all done he even blew his loud Duke's of Air Horn from the van! Can we upload audio Yelp?
2	Technicians may be great, but I just tried to schedule a repair or replacement of a through the wall a/c unit and the woman who answered the phone was extremely confused... "Through the WALL?  Is it portable?"  No, I told her, it's actually installed in the wall of the home.  "No, we don't service portable units."  Thanks for listening.
5	Look, it's rare that you find a business on yelp that literally has 99% five star reviews, but these guys deserve it.  I originally called them because our dogs are chewed the wires of our airconditioning unit and I was worried for their safety and the safety of our airconditioner.  They patched us right up, even adding hard plastic tubing over the wires so they couldn't do it again, all at a reasonable price. When we were finishing up John the owner suggested that I sign up for their preventative maintenance plan which is 9.99/mo or $120/ yr-- bargain.  For that they'll come out twice a year to check everything out, make sure you're running well and make any recommendations.  Oh, and they'll check your furnace too, for good measure.  Sounded like a deal to me, especially in this climate.  A few months later I finally got around to scheduling them to do their preventative maintenance visit.  This time my husband was home to take care of them and I was interested in his opinion.  He was equally impressed by their service and professionalism.  This time Robert came out and really helped us understand how our system was working and what we could do to make sure it has a long life.  These guys are great, honest, knowledgeable folks.  Call them out for an emergency but really I would recommend signing up for their pm plan and keep them on speed dial all the time.  A great small local business!
5	5 stars for sure. I called them based on the reviews on yelp. The owner came out and was very professional and knowledgeable.  This will be my go-to company for any repairs needed in the future.  A friend asked for an A/C repair company a few days later and guess who I suggested!
5	They were great! I discovered one of our two AC's had quit blowing cold air last Friday night at 6pm. I called Duke's and left a message. Tonya called me right back from her cell after hours and asked some clarifying questions and if we had an emergency or could wait till 7am the next morning as she could have her tech stop after he finished his last job if needed. We decided on the next morning and ran some fans because the 2nd AC was still working. Robert was there on time the next morning. He diagnosed the problem and was very no pressure with solutions! I had already replaced the same part on my other unit a few months earlier and luckily it was an easy fix! I appreciated reading all of the positive reviews on Yelp. They are a great local company with Midwest values which we appreciate!
5	I saw the reviews for Dukes on Yelp and gave them a call. John (the owner) answered right away and came out to give me an estimate. Surely enough, we in fact needed a new HVAC, since our unit was as old as dirt. Without telling John, I did a price comparison with another company through Lowe's and they were almost 50% higher than what Dukes quoted! Obviously, I went with Dukes and John and his crew arrived right at 8AM today just like they said they would. I cannot say enough about the great work John and his crew did. They did a wonderful custom job on the install and even widened the HVAC opening in our condo (HVACs are larger now than the old one we had built in 1987). John even vacuumed our carpet, fixed the fire alarm, and did some cocking on the ceiling by the HVAC opening. All was completed for NO extra charge. How many other companies provide extra service free-of-charge while providing you a fair price for what you need? The workmanship appears to be superior with the install, since John did the job right without cutting corners. I certainly will recommend Duke's to everyone in the future, and will be utilizing their services in the future.  Final Note: I was talking with John as he was leaving a bit ago, and I mentioned to him that people should probably get their HVAC needs taken care of BEFORE the summer season, thus avoiding having to stay in a hotel.  John and his tech seemed to agree with me. Thank you fellow Yelpers for the informative reviews.Note: Originally posted this review several months ago and wondered why it did not post. Apparently, you have to verify you email with YELP first. This was not a requirement years ago.
5	I had an AC problem this summer and called Arizona Dukes of Air. They answered the phone, were professional and clear about rates and schedule. A tech was able to make it to my house in the same day, was knowledgable and professional. He had diagnosed the problem in about 5 mins but took the time to check other components to ensure they were in good working order. The problem was fixed in a short time ( luckily he had the part on his truck) and paid him promptly. The fix has worked and I couldn't be happier that I called. Anytime I have an AC problem or check ups, I'll be calling Arizona Dukes of Air. This is one case where you can believe the hype!
5	I used to work for a contractor, so I like to reserve my judgement of a company and their technicians till they have actually done their work.  I worked for a contractor who installed and maintained home standby generators back east.  I was the main contact for Customer Service and the dispatcher for all the technicians, so I heard a lot, saw a lot, and dealt with a heck of a lot of other contractors, customers, and people in the industry.  I saw rip off artists, con men, and all sorts who we would end up cleaning up after when we got called in to help when all else failed.  So for me to have a high opinion of any contractor takes some serious work.All that said, I am HIGHLY impressed with Arizona's Dukes of Air!  Dustin deserves a raise!!  This guy was amazing as a technician!  He did the most thorough job on checking everything on my AC/Heat Pump unit at our new home.  We had Dukes of Air come out because while it's new, the house had sat vacant for a year before we bought it, and we had no idea what dust or debris could be inside the unit from sitting so long.  Dustin was awesome and did the full annual master tune up!  He explained what he was doing clearly, and made me feel really comfortable.I Highly recommend Dukes of Air!  So if you are around the east side or southeast side of Phoenix and need AC or Heat Pump work, call these people!
5	All I can say is 5-stars!  I was out of town and had "the other guys" come by my house to check out why my system was not cooling.  They told me my compressor was blown and it needed replacement.  The cost of the compressor was $900 and the total bill would be $2700.  I figured they were trying to run up the cost on my wife.  They could not explain where the extra cost came from so I flew back in town early and called the Dukes of Air after a quick Yelp search.  I flew in on a Friday at 7am and met Robert at 830am at my house.  Robert checked out my system and came up with the same conclusion.  He explained everything in detail and gave me all my options and called in to get the best prices.  I landed out saving about $800!!!   I wish I would have had the money to buy a whole new system from these guys.Although Robert had plans to go out of town with his Family that Friday afternoon he worked late, and still picked up the parts and had my compressor installed for me the same day.  Thank you Robert Tu!
5	I cannot say how awesome this company is start to finish!  They are super polite and professional. I felt like they were so reasonably priced for the service needed that I didn't bother getting another quote. I will never go anywhere else and neither should you! Dustin was fantastic through the estimate and repair,  making sure to call me even if he was only going to be a few minutes late.  Who does that?!  I am very very happy with the work done!
5	WOW!  So I had the Dukes of Air over to do a heating check up and was I blow away... (No pun intended)  Robert was not just polite, he was outstanding!  He put the booties on right away asked a few questions and went to work.  When he was finished we spent about 20 minutes discussing simple ways to save money and make the units (It was a heating call and he was telling me how to save money next summer and keep the AC unit running longer!) last a lot longer.  Suffice to say I have NEVER had an AC/Heating company come and take care of me like Robert from the Dukes of Air did.  Professional, CHECK, thoughtful, CHECK, knowledgeable, CHECK, thorough, CHECK, Above and Beyond... CHECK AND CHECK!
5	Wow, another fantastic experience with this company. Tonya (Admin) and Dustin (technician)...you guys killed it! Thanks for taking such good care of me and for the honest appraisal of services needed. I simply won't use anyone but Dukes. As long as they are business, no other company in this industry is relevant to this impressed customer! Great work guys...keep it up. JR
5	Use their fall heater tune up special. Very professional, punctual, perform check ups, patiently explain potential issues(things to look out). I like them. Plan to use them for my spring check up as well.
5	WOW, I have never had such great customer service with a AC company.  I have a unit that I needed checked out on a property I purchase that has been sitting vacant for about 5 years. I wanted to have someone check it out. Long story short Dustin from Dukes recommended I replace the unit due to the number of issues. However he also gave me the option to repair what we could tell was wrong with the unit (everything) Since Dukes offers only the highest quality parts and replacement I was looking at about 5600 to replace the unit.. I decided use another company that installed a 4 year old unit for the same price for just the repair cost Dukes quoted me. I took a few weeks to shop around and find a used unit that was in way better condition than my current one. Even though their prices seem high for new units I do not feel like I was being ripped off, based on the quality parts Dukes uses the price was reasonable.
5	Unprofessional, unknowledgeable, and terrible customer service are words and phrases that you will NOT find in this review.I just got my condo about a month ago, haven't even made a mortgage payment on it yet when my heater blew out the day after Christmas.  After seeing the good comments and ratings of these folks on Yelp, I called them up and was glad that I did.  Not only were they polite and respectful of my situation, they were also personable and well informed of their trade.  John took multiple pictures of what was wrong and what happened to my unit, as well as offered suggests and other insights as to how to avoid things like this from happening again.  Will definitely be making this company my go to for my heating and cooling needs.
5	Wonderful experience, better than we could have hoped for. Friends we've referred to this company feel the same. We joined their maintenance plan and were blown away by the customer service and how thorough the check up was. I was so nervous about the bad rep AC companies have -- I wouldn't chance going with anyone else, we hope Dukes of air is around for a long time!
5	Our experience getting a new AC/Heater was really great!  Having had several negative experiences with home repair/improvement businesses, a wasn't looking forward to meeting to get AC bids.  Duke's technician Dustin did an excellent job inspecting the attic, home, and offering an ac that was right for our budget and ended up beating the other estimate.  No pressure whatsoever.  Robert and Adam installed everything in one day and were friendly and interested in doing an excellent job.  At the end Robert took a look around and made sure the wood floors were clean.I love the unit!  It's quiet, responsive, and heats the house more evenly.  The word that I have for this business is integrity.  Thanks to Dustin, Robert, Adam, and John.  I will definitely recommend you to friends/family.
5	Called this business after reading the yelp reviews and they had the technician Dustin over for no heat or cold air in our home.  The assessment was completed in about 20 minutes and we needed our thermostat replaced to a Honeywell digital focus pro 6000 for $163 since there was a failure of the mercury analog thermostat.   He also found we needed one more pound of refrigerant for $68 as our system may have been undercharged.  Everything was repaired in less than an hour and all was in good working order.  Dustin explained everything well.  I was satisfied with the service provided.
