4	Lucky lucky me! And it's nice to have some of my Karma coming back to me! I decided to try out the Longhorn Steakhouse Saturday night.  I thought it was a new location of a different restaurant of a similar name on Southern that had closed, but when I got there I discovered this was a brand new restaurant that hadn't even opened yet. The parking lot was full but when I got the to the front door I was told by the two people holding menus that this was a training night and not open to the public. I made a joke that it was too bad I couldn't be a trainee for the evening and went to leave when  they asked, Is it just you? and I said Yup, just me, so they handed me a menu and said you can go on in and sit in the bar area. The meal will be complimentary and we hope you enjoy your dinner. After I picked my jaw up off the floor I walked in and was seated at the bar by a very nice hostess and an even nicer bartender named Jen came up to me and started explaining that I could order any meal on the menu, that it included either an appetizer or dessert, my choice, and she started describing the drinks to me. I thought the folks in front said drinks were included but I did get charged for the Margarita at the end, but that was okay because it was delicious and what was in the shaker filled the class twice so it was well worth it. I looked over the menu and couldn't believe what I was seeing. So many good choices! I asked if the combinations were included and she said yes, anything on the menu. I was thinking about getting the prime rib but she said they had run out of that because they only made a certain amount and the training had been going on all dayStill not believing my good luck I ordered the Filet and Lobster dinner, which would have been $26.99 any other night. The dinner came with a choice of dinner salad or Caesar, and I chose Caesar, a choice of side dishes and I chose fresh vegetables, and honey wheat bread with butter. The bread was fantastic, the Caesar salad was crisp and fresh.  The steak arrived before the lobster, one of the glitches they were working out in training. I took a bite of the steak which was melt in your mouth tender. I held off on eating more so I could include the lobster in my photo.  See my pictures. The filet had a wonderful grilled flavor and was cooked just right, medium rare. It did have a grisly  place on one side.  The lobster was very moist and juicy with excellent flavor and I savored every bite of both. The vegetables might have been a little overcooked, at least for my taste.  I would've expected them to be a little crisper, but they had good flavor.  I ate all the lobster but had a little piece of steak left over and decided to take my dessert in a to-go box to eat later.   I finished up my Margarita, had a nice conversation with Jen, and even the manager, Anthony, came over to ask if everything was fine.  From him I learned this is the first Longhorn location in Arizona, although they have others that will open soon in the Phoenix area.   San Diego, where I live, is SOL for the time being.   Our loss.Oh, and the Key Lime Pie, which I ate later, was one of the best I ever tasted!Aside from being complimentary, I would have gladly paid the price for this wonderful meal. I hereby give this restaurant the Mother Yelper stamp of approval and hope to get back here soon.  Bon Appetit!Epilogue:  I went back on the official opening day, Tues, Dec. 11th, for lunch, and one other time before I left town.  The food was just as good both times.
5	Amazing, perfectly cooked, juicy, tender, quality steaks! I went here with a party of five to try out this new location. I didn't think this place would be that great and thought it would be comparable to like black angus or outback and let me tell you how wrong I was!  I'm pretty picky when it comes to steak, I don't like sawing off pieces of meat and I order my steaks medium rare and they never come out that way or it's just bleeding everywhere and still raw. we ordered the lobster stuffed filet and the ribeye and omg we were in heaven and could not believe how effortless it was to cut off a piece of steak and chew it. it melted in my mouth and was so flavorful and well seasoned. the service was great and attentive. I will most definitely come back again!
4	Probably the best 'non-prime' steaks we've had in the valley.  I had the rib-eye and my wife had the filet, both slightly over cooked but the bark / seasoning is wonderful & they were tender & juicy.  Even though I'm a rib-eye lover, next time I am getting the filet, it was wonderful.The Texas onion was just okay, no where near as good as Outbacks but acceptable but I dont think I would get it again.Loved the atmosphere , service was above average & prices are in line.  Definitely give it a try.
2	The Longhorn Steakhouse is listed online as a business that gives military discounts of 10%. I asked the waitress about this, she said that she wasn't aware of it but would ask the manager. She returned to tell me the manager said no. A 10% discount isn't going to make me or break me, but I don't like inefficiency. Which is it? Get it together. My steak was good and cooked as I asked. This steakhouse is comparable to the Black Angus and a notch above Texas Roadhouse. I'll stick with The Black Angus, they offer a 15% discount to AAA members, no ands, ifs, buts, or I don't knows. Thank You.
1	Don't go with a large group and the call ahead seating is a joke. After calling ahead we still waited over an hour and a half in the restaurant to be seated. Enough was enough as we were all starving when 8pm came and we were still being told "we were next to be seated". We left and will probably never return, the food court at the mall treated us nicely.
5	This was the first time eating here and my girlfriend and I realy enjoyed are food. I ordered lobster and steak and let me tell you it was awesome. I was impressed how the cook chose to throw out the first lobster do to he felt it was over cooked. The cook  also came to the table and made sure we where satisfied with the food which showed a lot about his love for the food he makes. After eating my delicious lobster and steak I got to experience for the first time fried cheese cake and ice cream and I will be coming back here to try more of the food for sure.
1	I travel for business...  a lot!!  I've been to Longhorn before back on the east coast, never had a problem.  I stopped by this location since they were new in the area, and because I had finished up a job nearby.  I went in at 5 PM on a Saturday afternoon, not realizing that it was Valentine's Weekend.  There were about 40 people in the lobby/waiting/foyer area.  I spoke to the host, he assured me it would be about 25 minutes until they could seat me.  I waited... and waited, the pager that they had given me did not go off.  I had an appointment at 6:30, so at 5:45 I went to the host stand to check on how long it would be and to turn the pager in.  They said they had called me, and I waved the pager and said that it had never gone off nor had I heard them call my name.  There was no apology, nor anything offered.  This is very bad business, even poorer service, and it's just the type of thing that killed Lonestar when they were in business here in the valley.  I've contacted the corporate office, but no word back yet, I'll keep you posted on what they did or did not do.
3	The food was great but unfortunately, the service was horrible. Do not recommend if you have a party of 8 or more.
1	To be fair, the only reason this gets 1 star is because our waiter was really good and friendly. Typically, GREAT service will overcome lower quality food, but unfortunately for our waiter, the food was NOT at all what I expected. My wife's sirloin was overcooked, my daughter's hamburger had no flavor. $9 for this burger!!! I could have purchased 3 cheesburgers from Rod's Cafe for this price and the burgers at Rod's Cafe are MUCH tastier (I need to make an official visit there and write a review). Her french fries must have been frozen. McDonalds....show them how to make fries, please. My ribeye, which was cooked as I like ALSO had NO flavor. And the menu lists this as the cut of meat with the MOST flavor. WOW, I would hate to taste the other cuts. It was a good thing I waited until this morning to write this review, because I woke up at 3am with acid reflux, most likely due to the steak I ate. I guess my money is used to maintain the BEAUTIFUL decor. NEVER again will I visit this place again.
5	First of all the salmon and Flo's Filet were yummy and tender. Service great, no reservation, waited 20 minutes. Nice salad with meal, can't wait to go back.  You have to ask for ketchup. I don't usually order steak when I go out because they are best at home with mesquite wood in my Weber. But these were a nice surprise.
3	Was not planning to eat here, running around from surprise. Agreeing to meet my cousin half way to eat. Well you see how far I was from Surprise!! Longhorn will be opening a new location in Surprise on April 1st! SO I guess this was a good way to see how their food was. Food:Wife and I had their two for $20 meal, I went ahead and upgraded to a 8oz steak for an additional $3. Had my steak with a baked potato, and salad. Steak was really good, had a lot of flavor. I asked for it to be medium well. It was more on the rare side! It was still fine, I can eat my steak any way! Baked potato and salad were very good also. Wife had her 6oz steak well done, with broccoli and salad. She was very satisfied with her dish. We had their cheese fries as a appetizer, everyone was raving about this?? Don't know why! No big deal.Service:Our waiter was very good, he was always making sure our drinks were full, and came by a lot.They only issue I had was their price, not his is not a high dollar steakhouse! But, it's still on the pricier side.When they open up the Surprise location, we will be there.
4	The atmosphere was inviting and well done and the noise level as appropriate for conversation. The wine list was excellent but by the glass was a little short for prices. The food was cooked as ordered and portions generous. The Key Lime pie was made with real Key Limes and was best we've had in the valley. Will repeat although a little bit of a drive  for us.
5	Excellent service and perfect medium rare steak! Make sure you try the longhorn steak sauce. They make it at your table using garlic, jasmine, and orange peels.
5	Everything about this place surprised me, in the best possible way. The atmosphere was unique but classy, although some might find it a bit overdone and distracting, I thought it was perfect. The refurbished wood table tops were even a delight that both my wife and I pointed out. The food was exactly what I was hoping for, great quality you'd expect at a steakhouse. The server was a perfect blend of friendly, helpful, and non-intrusive, a rare find in my experience. He knew the menu and made great suggestions. The prices also surprised me, they had very affordable and tasty budget dishes and the $26-$35 steaks that you love to splurge on ever once in a while. I think this is a hidden gem, and I'll be going back sooner rather than later. With another visit as enjoyable as the first this will soon be a 5 star spot in no time.
3	An average steak for an average price. Nothing I ordered really stood out at all, even the service was mediocre. I would compare this to a Sizzler or a Lone star. You would be much much better off eating at the Texas Roadhouse just east of here on the 60 & Mesa drive.
2	Nicole L. . . . . . . . . Where do i even begin??????So the only reason I went to Longhorns was because of your amazing review. It was my best friends birthday so i thought, might as well take him to an amazing, perfectly cooked, juicy, tender, quality steak dinner.Pretty easy to find as its right on Alma School, which is literally right down the street from my place in Dobson Ranch. Parking lot was pretty empty so it was a good sign that there was no wait and we would be able to get attentive service, or it was a bad sign of things to come. However, I like to stay positive.We walk in and there isnt a hostess to be found. Its pretty dead, maybe 3 - 4 tables occupied that was scattered thru out the resturant. While waiting to get seated, i'm getting my hopes up because of your review and how legendary im hoping this meal will be. You gotta understand that this was my first real steak resturant that i have been to after my 4 month journey in Southeast Asia where they usually dont eat steak. So again, we were only there based on your hyped up 5 star yelp review. After a few min, we get seated by an actual server rather than a hostess.There were 3 of us, we were all very extremely nopah. Since we were there for steaks and for a birthday celebration, the decision was made for the biggest rib eyes for everyone. So we all went with the Outlaw Ribeye, Medium for the lady and Medium Rare for the men. (From their menu: Outlaw Ribeye - We called it this because it would be a crime if you didn't try it! It is one of our favorites because of the combination of juicy marbling and fire-grilled, bone-in flavor. 18 oz. $22.49)After ordering, we get the infamous Longhorn bread. I am a huge bread and butter fan and can destroy a few loaves all to myself. However the bread was hard and seemed stale so we barely touched it.We finally received our entrees and were ready to eat. Having perfectly cooked, juicy, tender, quality steaks in mind, this was a huge disappointment. Mine was cooked to medium, my GF was cooked to medium well, and the birthday boys was cooked to medium rare. The medium rare steak was juicy but not tender, the medium steak wasnt juicy or tender, but the medium well steak wasnt so juicy but it was tender.All in all it was a huge disappointment. Service wasnt the greatest, but it was pretty average. Food quality was below average. Value isnt there. Total bill after tip and tax was about $92. We would have been better off going to Texas Roadhouse on Stapley.Maybe i just came on an off night, but corporate places like this should have a level of consistency, but to me it was just a waste of $92.
5	We went with a party of 20 and had excellent service!! All 20 of us were very happy with our food! Not one of us had anything negative to say. Very clean.
4	Longhorn was my choice because I was flying solo, it was close and I was pretty sure they would have the Stanley Cup Final on at the bar.  Let me preface this by saying I'm a Bruins fan, they are currently winning game 6 so I feel good.  Back to the review, check on the game; one star.  Any restaurant choice and subsequent review should balance expectation with performance...you don't go to Longhorn expecting Morton's. That said, they had maybe 10 wines to choose from, which exceeded my expectation, so another star.  I ordered the Outlaw Ribeye, bone in and medium rare.  It could have used another minute on the grill, but it was seasoned well and tasted great.  Bone-in was a pleasant surprise, plus it was cooked and seasoned well...star plus a half for the bone.  By the way, asparagus was good, but I was missing the advertised lemon flavor.  A lemon wedge provided quickly by the bartender remedied the situation.  Service...I was at the bar and service was great.  Rich was tending bar, he did a great job.  Last star.  Well, in the time I wrote this the Bruins gave up 2 goals in 17 seconds win a minute left to lose the Stanley Cup.  I'm downtrodden and therefore rounding down...Don't let a NHL game skew your read of this review.  Longhorn delivered on my expectation.  A GOOD steak, cooked correctly, with attentive service.
4	LongHorn Steakhouse1434 S. Alma School RoadMesa, Arizona  85210(Preface) I don't usually like to evaluate chain restaurants, but with more and more people eating at them it seemed proper to evaluate this one. This is part of the Darden chain, which also includes Olive Garden, etc. I arrived at 6:15, and though told it was a 10 minute wait, I was seated in 3 minutes. My waiter brought a drink and warm bread quickly and handed me the menu as well as explained the specials of the night. The waiter, Tim, was extremely attentive and honest when asked about items on the menu. How refreshing! I was originally going to get the Rib Eye Steak, but Tim suggested that I get the larger Rib Steak on the Bone. He wasn't pushy, but offered good reasons to get it - an excellent job of up-selling for a restaurant. I also ordered a Baked Potato with lots of butter and a salad with Honey Mustard Dressing.Of the Bread, I can only say it was warm. I didn't care for the flavor of it, and it almost seemed to be under baked and lacking in flavor. The Salad was a nice portion with a good dressing, though I didn't care for the diced tomato on it. Diced tomato is a way of a restaurant saving money by not using premium tomatoes. Not a good idea.In due course my steak appeared. I had ordered it rare, and it came medium. My waiter immediately took it back, apologized, and had a new one cooked properly with a new baked potato in minutes. Great service. The steak was perfectly cooked this time, with perhaps a touch too much of seasoning, but that is an individual preference. The potato was properly presented with lots of butter as I had asked. My biggest criticism is the same one I have in many steak houses - I hate being given oversized knives with serrated edges. If the steak is as tender as steak houses claim, a sharp, plain edged knife will easily do the job without tearing up the meat. My steak had a bit of silver skin still on it, which should have been removed by the butcher. My waiter kept checking up to make sure my drink was full and I had everything I wanted.I was quite full, and my waiter promptly brought a take home box and even brought a small cruet to put some horse radish sauce in. (I like horse radish on more than just prime rib). Most places make a big deal out of my ordering it, but my waiter didn't bat an eye and even brought extra.Even though I was full, I wanted to try dessert. While many of the desserts are brought in from the outside, I was told that the Caramel Apple Goldrush was made in house. My only comment about it would be to describe it as comfort food. Warm, gooey, comforting apples in a rich sauce with lots of cinnamon and caramel sauce, topped with a very smooth vanilla ice cream slowly melting over it. I could have made a meal just out of this dessert! It's a real winner.I have eaten in some of the top restaurants of the world, from those of the Iron Chef's to the Flagship of Mortons in Hong Kong to Elements in Paradise Valley, and the service I had tonight was right up there if not better than any of them. Service can make or break a meal, and service was absolutely tops tonight. Kudo's to Tim, my waiter, and I hope my tip showed him just how much I appreciated him.3 1/2 stars for the food, and an extra  1/2 star for service and cleanliness for a total of 4 stars. I will definitely evaluate this restaurant again in the future to see if the service stays up to standard.
4	I seem to remember when I lived in Florida 10+ years ago that Longhorn was its own chain, wasn't it?  Stock symbol was LOHO.  That's fun to say.  Now they are part of the Darden Group.  Hmmm.....well I like the Yard House and would like to try Seasons 52 and The Capital Grille, but I think Red Lobster is a travesty.  I did a case study on the Darden Group years ago, and I'm not sure how I feel about Longhorn being part of it.  BUT.....where was I?  I should be writing a review.  We had a great experience last night.  Our server, Keith, I believe was also the bartender and he was working his butt off.  He lets people know he'll be right with them, which is always appreciated, and he got our drinks right out to us and took our order quickly.  The place was starting to fill up and he had the bar area plus a few booths and he was all over it.  He did a great job.  And I have to admit I loved it when he got after some of the other staff for piling their ramekins, extra napkins, and misc. other items on the end of his bar.  You go Keith!  Get after those knuckleheads!We had limited time so we just shared a side salad, the loaded baked potato soup, and the white cheddar & bacon stuffed filet entree.  Oh my.  That steak was very flavorful and cooked a perfect medium rare.  Here's the description on their menu:  A tender Flo's Filet stuffed with aged white cheddar and applewood smoked bacon, served over a savory brown herb sauce.  Delicious.  The vegetable medley side was very nice and fresh as well and included snow peas, squash, and broccoli.  Today I will be drinking 2 kale smoothies and taking extra fish oil tabs, but it was worth it.    When we mentioned to Keith we had a concert to hit, he got the check taken care of right away.  Overall we had a very nice visit and I would be happy to go back.
1	I usually don't write about chains unless I feel really strongly about it.Let's start with the food:  It was Okay it didn't really blow me away by any means, but if you're itching for a steak this place will do just fine.Here's where I can get nasty and I will try to be fair and cordial.  Service somewhat stinks.  They take reservations, but it's first come first serve.  I know they're not the only place guilty of such things, but get rid of it.  Just be honest and tell me you don't take reservations! (FU%$!)  Needless to say, we ended up waiting for about half an hour.  Sat down got our drinks and ordered.  Couple of our steaks were not done the right way....okay fair we had a large group.  Finally, our checks were wrong -- we got someone else's ticket and we try to explain it to the waitress (she snarks back "what's the problem!?")  Granted, I've been a waiter before and some nights just suck, but keep your cool.  Always smile and tell them you'll fix it.  Apparently, we were in her way of doing her job.  In the end, we were all surprised and shock and couple of us had to speak to the manager.  In the end, bad experience ruins the night and dinner.  Sorry LH Steakhouse you just didn't cut it this time!
2	We were seated right away, host was very friendly and seemed to like his job. The food was OK, (mac and cheese was great), but stay away from the soup, not worth the upcharge. Waitress needs a lot more training in how to pretend to appreciate the fact that we went out of our way to stop and give Longhorn steakhouse and her our hard earned money. She was the most unfriendly person I have ever come across. Never once did she bother to smile or thank us.  I know in this day and age you can't ask a lot out of people, but I have had better service at Taco Bell.
1	This place is a ZERO star place.  Stay away.If you like butter and cream sauce to saturate everything on your plate than this is your place.  I ordered the crispy Parmesan Chicken and expected something along the line of the crispy chicken Parmesan tradition.  Instead I got two really fatty soggy chicken breasts soaked beyond belief in a thick untasty cream sauce.  Both my dining associate and myself got salads and mine was decent size but he got the junior edition with maybe 4 bits of leaf in it.  It was laughable. I spent the next hour on the toilet.This place was terrible beyond belief, and very expensive as well.I took my son here who ordered a very expensive dinner of trout, shrimp and lobster.  When they served it his plate had a small filet of trout on it.  I asked the waitress where were the shrimp and lobster.  She said the filet was stuffed with them.  That's not what the menu said.  The menu said it had Trout, Shrimp and Lobster and gave it a $18 price.  So to get a small piece of fish and no shrimp, no lobster was a bit of a lie.I will never go to Longhorn again and tell everyone to stay away.
5	It takes a lot to impress me, so when I say don't walk, run to the LongHorn, I mean it! Great food and fabulous service.
4	Seriously one of the best steaks I've had. Perfectly done and flavorful. Also loved the stuffed mushroom appetizers, although I could tell they weren't exactly the healthiest thing on the menu. The bread was also very good.We were kept waiting quite a while on our order (they had forgotten about it). The other strange thing was a confrontation we witnessed between the manager and an unruly, yelling customer. Whatever had happened, it's safe to say there was something off with the customer, but the manager could have found a better place to resolve the issue than right in the middle of the dining room, which distracted most of the diners and was pretty uncomfortable for a second. Otherwise, I'd say he did the best he could to diffuse things.
4	Walk in the door and Boom!!! Nice little hostess with a smile greets and seats me and advises who my waitress will be.  Wait for it...Boom!!! Another friendly smile from the waitress herself. She is very nice and professional and takes my drink order. I ask about lunch combos being an adult entree... They are!! Free app for me via email coupon, she looks at the code via my phone and holla!!!! Spinach dip is great.  Not to keen on the chips (i like plain tortillas myself) but the dip itself is great, nice thick texture and flavorful.  The atmosphere is laid back and decor is cool. Definitely one of the nicer interiors I've seen from a chain steak joint.  Braised beef and shrimp/lobster come and is say its decent. Nothing over the top for my taste buds but the bacon/cheese covered chips (and crackers) that come w/the soup are a delight. The right kind of crunch in my soup-like it. This particular meal gets 4/5 for flavor as the BBQ sauce leaves a little to be desired. Overall, a nice little lunch outing.  I want a dessert but I just can muster myself to do it, shame on me!
5	Came here on lunch break with my coworkers and had amazing service from Denyse. She made the experience amazing! Definitely ask for her if you ever have the chance!
4	I had been hearing quite a bit from family about this place. I had heard over and over about how awesome the mac n cheese was. The biggest reason people had been pushing this place was because of the quality of the steak for the price you pay.The mac n cheese was excellent! I'm not a fan of the bread crumbs on any mac n cheese, I prefer the smooth & creamy. Despite the use of bread crumbs on their mac n cheese, it was still one of the better recipes that I have had. Not the best, but probably a top 5. The bacon was a nice addition.Go big on the steak. If you go to a place for a steak & don't get the cut that they say is their best, then you can't pass effective judgement. I went with the rib-eye on the bone, that was the best according to the staff. They were very good about making sure you understood their scale/coloring for cooking the meat. Mine came out a perfect medium. They also took the time to explain that my cut would involve a heavier dose of fat/marbling. I am usually a fan of the fat because it adds flavor and is generally a soft fat that melts in your mouth. The fat on my cut was tougher than I am accustomed to though. There were a few bites with melt-in-your-mouth fat, but quite a bit of the fat was silver skin tissue. Very tough to chew, so I spent a lot of time trying to cut it out of my bites. This left a healthy portion of uneaten steak on my plate as it was difficult to remove the silver skin effectively. All of that said, the steak had a great flavor.My date had the Blue Crab & Meyer Lemon Filet. Basically Flo's Filet with a blue crab mixture on top served on a bed of grilled asparagus.  I thought the steak was pretty good here as well, but I wasn't a big fan of the blue crab on top. I felt that the seafood taste overwhelmed the flavor of the steak. I'm okay with surf n turf, but I guess I prefer to eat them in separate bites.If you are looking for the flavor of a high-end steak house, you won't find it here. Although it was very good when you are considering what you pay, it just isn't as good as some of the big names like Capital Grille, Flemming's, Ruth's Chris, or Morton's to name a few. If you are deciding between LongHorn and a Black Angus, Outback, or Texas Roadhouse type of restaurant, I would definitely pick LongHorn.As a side note, a few years ago Ruth's Chris started a more affordable menu with a 3-4 course meal for $35-$45 per person. I don't know if they are still doing this, but if so, there is no reason to go to a lower-end steakhouse if price was your concern.
5	Fantastic customer service at lunch today.  Host was nice,  waiter very friendly and even met the manager.  Chicken with feta and spinach was great and the asparagus was perfectly cooked. Loved everything!
4	I would give this place a 5 stars except it didn't go above and beyond my expectations. When I first entered I thought we had just entered a retirement home chow. Not that the place didn't look nice but it wasn't anything special and the crowd did look like they just unloaded from a retirement home bus. But the staff was very friendly, the food was great-my filet with cheddar and bacon was tender even though I had to have it well done and the veggies I ordered were crisp and fresh! Seating was comfy and the food arrived super fast! I'd never not been able to finish my salad before the main course. For a pregnant woman this was a dream! And the bill was nothing to gasp over. Next time I'd come here dressed more casual ready for a decent steak or a good drink. Not a whole lot of entertainment there so this is a place to visit with friends or family. We were done with our meal and paid for in almost exactly and hour.
4	I love this place!!!!The Wild West shrimp is the best ever!!! It is the reason why I love coming here.10.0 - appetizer - Wild West shrimp 8.0- entree- bacon burger- great and cooked well- mouthwatering taste with fresh flavor8.0- fries- fresh and delicious
5	Just got back from a meal at this restaurant*. The staff, from the Host to the waitstaff (who all helped each other out to make sure customers were taken care of in a timely manner), was on point, and our server, Stephanie, anticipated our every need. I got the lamb chops with horseradish potatoes and the meal was phenomenal! I am looking forward to returning soon! *We went at about 3:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday.  It was busy, but not yet crazy busy.  It was starting to fill up when we were leaving about an hour later.
4	Been here a few times.  Service is always good, food comes out right, AND cooked right.  Which BTW seems to be getting harder to find someone that knows how to cook a steak to temp.  At least these guys still remember how to do it.  Usually a small wait, which is OK, bar has good service as well.
2	Quiet night, not a lot of patrons but it took them a while to even notice me. I walked in, no greeter present. Walked over to bar, no bartender present. Hmm should I go someplace else? I thought, since I'm already here, I might as well stay. Plus it's on the corporate card. So I stayed. Bartender finally shows up and takes my order. Didn't offer me a drink until I was about to pay my bill. Wow, there goes your tip. But in the end, I couldn't do it and since it's not my money, I still ended up leaving a 15% gratuity.
2	Steak was not cooked to order.  Server acted like she did not care.  Appetizer to share was small and not that good. Side Mac and cheese was great.
2	Ate there for the first time on 7/12/14Very nice interior decor.Wait staff seemed relatively clueless starting with almost 15 minutes until we wereNoticed.It was one of those experiences where you thought you were in the twilight zone!Waiter comes over to tell us that there was no onion soup while the girl delivers the soup to the table...Our waiter just seemed checked out and the whole staff looked stretched thin.Seems  the term medium rare has been replaced by medium on the burgers....mine still came out medium rare.  Corporate thing i'm sure.I had the steakgouse burger......it was ok and small in the world of 11.00 burgers.Believe it or not, my girls rib eye was outstanding....,buttery and perfectly seasonedMaybe we'll try it again for happy hour
4	a wonderful place to get a steak cooked perfectly, and the seasoning is spot-on every time.  No need for condiments!!
5	Yummy!!! This place is delicious!!! Bread they first served just melts in your mouth. The steak is soo juicy. The servers seem to love their job. This is my favorite steakhouse!
5	Excellent food I had ribs that fell off the bone. Nice atmosphere and perfect friendly service.
5	This place is great! The service is great! If you haven't eaten here yet.... You need too! I had the ribeye and it was perfect! Every bite only made me want the next. The loaded mashed potatoes were great and the Mac and cheese was the best!
5	Always great food  and service, we started with the wild west shrimp and than we ordered the surf & turf cooked perfectly.and no wait on a Fri night.Great Meal
2	When they can't get something simple like a regular coke with a lemon right, you know it's going to be a long night!
5	Excellent Napa grilled chicken and steaks! Staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome!
2	The food was pretty good, but to be honest the service was subpar. I don't know if it was a bad night, maybe it was, but it defiantly tarnished my experience here a bit. To be totally honest, it was either here or Texas Roadhouse, should have gone to the roadhouse. I don't know, I might give it another chance.
5	Steak was delicious husband order the huge rib eye steak rare perfect! Mine was medium rare.  This is our favorite steak house.  No more Texas Road House or Logan.
2	Service is good here is why i gave two Stars but the food is just ok... My steak tasted Like it was boiled..if you like places like Texas road house this is not the place for you-you will be disappointed
3	3 1/2 stars.   Food was decent! The stuffed mushrooms were just wonderful! Service wasn't the fastest but it was friendly! We came late on Friday night so the prime rib was only well done so we got the rib eye instead. It was cooked perfectly.
4	Terrific meal!  Salmon, ribeye, filet all done perfectly.  The gentleman host was super friendly and made us feel welcome the second we entered the front door.  We were seated almost immediately (it was 5pm on a Wed night) and soon afterward our server "Ace" welcomed us, made some suggestions, and politely took our order.  The ambiance and food were perfect.  Would definitely go back here again (even over Outback!) good time, and happy stomachs.
3	Ate here again on Saturday October 18, 2014. The food was exactly as expected but the service was really bad.  One star for service! The server asked me if I wanted a refill on my drink after I waved her over and I said yes please.... She came back with the bill. When she brought our salads out she came with 3 salads dropped off 2 at our table and took the 3rd to another table.  I thought it may have been my salad since they were all the same.  She came back to our table and I asked her if I could have my salad and she says oh you want yours now too.   I'm like WTH??? Ummmm yes I would like to eat at the same time as the rest of the people at my table..... Geezzz!  Very very slow service and the place was nearly empty.  The food is consistent though and worth going back.
2	Ordered the salmon which was literally raw in the middle. They took it back to fix and it came back cooked but extremely hot all the way through and extremely dry, so they obviously microwaved it. My husband's steak was obviously cooked with the salmon since it tasted fishy. And what was supposed to be a medium steak still oozed blood. Not a great experience!
4	This place is always delicious with great prices. I even came here during mothers day I believe and still had great service. Always my family's go to steak place.
3	Your usual big box steak place.  Nothing fancy, I had your standard ribeye with mushrooms and Bordelaise piled on top.  It was cooked correctly(medium rare) and the sides were fine.(mash potatoes and vegetable)  Service wasn't bad either.
1	I don't really write reviews but I had to write this. Appetizer took more than 30 min come and when it came it was soggy and messy. Shrimp was oily soggy and tasteless. Salad felt like it was cut a week ago and it looks "OLD". That was my first visit in this restaurant and I absolutely hate it hereManager came apologized for mistakes. End up ordering $25 Steak which was really good though the side order risotto was NOT good.
1	Nasty. I'd rather spend a little more for better quality food. This is one step up from Applebee's.
2	The food is on the brink of so-so. The service average. I'm pretty picky about steak so I calculated my odds of being happy (with what could go wrong) and ordered the Rib-eye medium-rare.  With the same thought in mind, I opted for a salad and baked potato.  Pretty simple right?  That was my plan.What I got was a very tough steak that was actually cooked to perfection.  I ordered medium-rare and that's exactly what I got - a perfectly cooked steak of the poorest quality!   My baked potato had clearly been baked too long, "dry" even when dripping with butter and sour cream.  The salad was fine and unremarkable.  Long and short - I won't go back.  When you can't chew a medium-rare Rib-eye, there's definitely a problem.  But the person on the grill "rocks!"
