5	Great place! We went here at about 7PM on a Friday night. Seating was very quick, we asked for outdoor seating and it was promptly given to us. Candlelit table and live music playing nearby (though it isnt every night) was nice, but a bit loud, so you may want to sit inside if that's a problem.Our waiter was very friendly and explained things to us nicely. We had multiple people coming around filling our tea and water which made things fast. The rolls were fresh out of the oven. The dinner was great, I had a filet mignon with mashed potatoes. Definitely some of the best steak I've had in a while, presented very well, portion size is not huge but enough to fill one up. Prices range from about $13 to $18 for dinner.Our only gripe was that we had wanted sweet tea but it was unavailable. I forgot to ask whether they had just run out or if they don't have any at all. I really don't think its the latter, but either way, I was still disappointed by this.Overall though, a great place for a delicious Spanish meal in a very nice setting with lots of activity.
3	I live down in Ballantyne, so it's nice to have some restaurant choices...I've been in this area for a while, so that has definitely not always been the case.  The menu is very spanish (as it should be) and the food is usually right on.  At times, though, dishes will comes out very different than before and more often than not, any/all seafood has been waaaaay too fishy.  Not sure if it's quality, the way it's prepared or what...but I now stay away from shrimp, scallopps, etc.Another HUGE plus for this place...a couple of the waitresses are absolutely georgous and if you're under 18...the hostesses are HAWT!
4	My coworker and I tried this place last night - we were very impressed. While it was at times hard to understand our waiter, he was attentive and the food we ordered delicious. Between the two of us we shared a paella valencia, the tapas platter, a manchego jamon plate, and the parmesan scallops. The scallops weren't that great and we ordered way too much food ,but the paella was decent with a generous amount of seafood, the tapas platter was massive. The platter included a so so version of tortilla espanol, some croquettes, a stack of calamari, some beef with chimichurri (i think) sauce, and some jamon. The jamon wasn't jamon iberico - not sure what it was. Not everything was as I expected it to be, but the food was decent and the place was very nice and inviting. Thumbs up!
4	An institution in the Stonecrest area.  Miro is a great place for a date night.  Wonderful Spanish foods (that to me seem authentic) that you can eat either as Tapas or as entrees.  Combined with a good wine selection and an attentive wait staff, Miro is a dependable favorite.
3	I probably should be writing a review after more than just one visit here, but I'll write one anyway because I remember my appetizer of Patatas Bravas was really good. It was cubed potatoes in some kind of creamy sauce, very good. I don't remember what I ordered, but I don't remember it being disgusting or so good that I remember it. So it's good but not amazing. Service was a bit slow.
5	Love Miro's! Have been there several times and haven't had a bad meal. The paella is authentic and delicious. Good selection of wines. Great patio area-so if you can eat outside, do.Allergy Alert: I have had no problem with cross contamination here. I stick to what I know I can eat and I am fine.
3	I like Miro but unfortunately the last couple of times we went, my boyfriend did not like his food, so this restaurant is no longer on our regular rotation. If you go, I highly recommend the paella - it is excellent.  On several visits, I selected the seafood special of the evening, and each time, I was happy with my meal. Unfortunately, it can get rather crowded so I would call ahead before going.  Service has been hit or miss.
4	Good atmosphere, tasty food, and fairly well-priced.  It's no bargain, but you don't have to spend $20+ per entree either...you can spend more there, but u don't have to.Our table of 4 shared the Tapas sampler.  The calamari was among the best I've had.  The Zarzuela de Mariscos was steamy, spicy, full of seafood and flavor.We'll be back.
2	I would give Miro a 4-star rating, was it not for the service.  The food is excellent, well-prepared and consistently good.  The menu is varied and creative.  We enjoyed our dishes very much.  The Paella was very good, recommended.The service, on the other hand was very annoying.  We kept getting loudly interrupted in the middle of the diner conversation with "did WE enjoy the [insert food name here]?"  A few times of this might have been ok, but 10 times over a one-hour dinner? What should be an shared enjoyable experience in family becomes a dreaded experience of "Oh no, here he comes again!". For $125, I expect better service than a robotic, by-the-numbers approach. It ruined an otherwise excellent meal.
4	Miro is a lovely Spanish restaurant with a great staff and excellent food.  I love the ambience, well-appointed dining area and bar with flamenco music playing in the background, and the food is top-notch.I've visited Miro on three occasions and both times, I was highly impressed with the dishes I ordered.  The pork tenderloin is tenderly cooked-you could cut it with a fork.  The tenderlion is served with chimichurri sauce, with black beans, rice, and plaintains.  I question the "Spanish-ness" of the black beans and rice, but who cares?  The wait staff were gracious on every trip, explaining specials and traditional Spanish cuisine to the uninformed.    If you've never tried tapas, they have what amounts to a "Tour of Spain" (re:Olive Garden) where you can sample the hams, cheeses, and fried goodies.  My only complaints are the wait times and rather-expensive sangria.  You would think a restaurant in Ballantyne would plan for big crowds on weekends.  Visiting Miro during the week would be optimal.  The sangria is $24 for a pitcher.  But whoa, it was awesome!  If you've never tried Spanish food or would like to impress your significant other, Miro's is overall a good choice.
3	I've been to Miro a few times now, and have quite enjoyed the paella and tapas.  I really want it to be more of a tapas bar, but their limited selection means that you couldn't enjoy a whole meal that way.
5	Really happy with this selection. We are visiting some friends and they brought Us and here I was thrilled. The decor leaves me wanting more, and could stand to be a little more Spanish in flavor, but the food more than made up for it. The staff is great, quick and helpful. My favorite thing was the pork skewer tapas, but everything we had was great
4	We decided to pay a visit here on a rainy Tuesday night mostly because we realized we had unused gift certificates (woo hoo!) Thankfully, the crowd was fairly light (unlike the usual chaos here on the weekend!) While the atmosphere isn't cozy, it's fairly comfortable and quiet enough to have a normal conversation. Service here is always top-notch, with two waiters assigned to each table. Food-wise we decided to start with a couple of the tapas and also entree's (we were starving!). We had the fried plantains (solid), the grilled calamari (good but with a very peppery sauce) and the scallops with parmesan (gooey goodness). We also had a very nice salad with goat cheese and a lemony vinegarette. . .For our meals we had the halibut with shrimp, which was well prepared but had a very tomatoey sauce (too much). I had the pork tenderloin with chimuchirri sauce, plaintains and black beans. While this isn't really Spanish, it was well prepared and hit the spot. Overall we had a very good experience and left for our movie with smiles on our faces!
3	I went here last night for dinner. My first impression was that the restaurant was nice and I liked the atmosphere. The server seemed scatter brained and it was difficult to understand what he was saying. He also seemed nervous because he kept calling the women "sir" and men "ma'am". The appetizer plate he suggested we try, was okay. The main courses, mostly meat (pollo, puerco, etc) with garlic mashed potatoes, were AMAZING! I loved the entres. The prices are very high but the meat is high quality, and prepared to perfection. The tres leches cake was also a highlight! Would definitely be excited about returning here.
4	You will find the best dessert in the city of Charlotte, here.  It's called Tres Leche.
4	3.5 stars.Upon walking in I felt I could pretend I was in Spain. Soft, merry, spanish music in the background. Small, intimate setting, people celebrating the food and enjoying each other. Warm burgundy and cream colored walls, simple lighting. Underscored elegance. I really liked it.Our server was wonderful and prompt. My sangria was potent, and the tres leches was delicioso..props to the waiter for being right when he said it was tops. I give major points for this as I was craving both the sangria and tres leches, and neither disappointed.I would have prefered the patatas bravas not to come drowning in the mayo aioli sauce. I've always had it served with the sauce on the side. The calamari and mushrooms were good, as were the prawns and grilled chicken and salad. However, I didn't know mashed potatoes was spanish and I didn't feel the garlic zing on the mushrooms or prawn dish. And I'm a little bit picky having had excellent and similar tapas in DC. Note that main entrees are huge and four of us shared one after ordering several tapas. My suggestion is to order a few tapas and share an entree. You want room for dessert, trust me. Tapas can fill you up and you don't even need an entree.So, bottom line, it was a pleasing first experience. I cannot complain a bit about the ambience or the service. I can't say it was the best tapas ever, but I'd be game to come back and try the paella and some other dishes.
5	My wife and I recently dined at Miro Spanish Grille located in the Stonecrest Shopping Center on Rea Road. We stopped by rather late in the evening as our schedule just doesn't seem to completely accommodate the normal dinner hour. No matter, we were welcomed into the restaurant. We started with a fantastic appetizer. Here's your secret tip - this item isn't on the menu. Although they have removed it from the menu, they have the ingredients and don't mind pulling it together at all. "IT" is the Piquillos. These are sweet peppers from Spain stuffed with goat cheese covered with a terrific sauce! My favorite! I had grilled Mahi Mahi for the main course which was a special and not a regular menu item. But, the dish was delicious!! The fish was cooked perfectly.  My wife had Berejenas which is an eggplant dish with spinach and cheese. Both of us really enjoyed our main course items.Menu pricing is moderate, but in my opinion very fair and reasonable for what you get. Our total bill with drinks, and appetizer, two main courses (and one of them a special item), and a desert was $66 dollars.The service was outstanding. Our waiter checked on us often, explained everything (very patiently) and was ready with recommendations. I think that most of the wait staff at the restaurant have been with them for quite a while! And so, even though I am dieting... we shared a dessert - Tres Leche. Let me tell you, if you don't eat anything else in Charlotte, you need to head over to Miro and try their Tres Leche! Simply the best I've had. The restaurant is very clean and comfortable. I can tell you that they can accommodate a group as I have taken a group here recently. And, now that the weather is breaking, they also offer some outside seating. When you're looking for something different in the Stonecrest area, don't forget Miro Spanish Grille!
4	Two words: Madrid Margarita.  Such a yummy way to end a crazy work week or day. Some girls and I from work frequent this place and always order tapas to share. When there is two of us we typically get 4 items and if there is a third we'll get 5. Be sure to save room for Tres Leches!
4	I went to Miro for the first time last night, and was very happy with our decision to eat there. The ambiance of the restaurant was very soothing, and chic. I loved the decor, and lighting. This place is great for dates! The wait staff were awesome too-- our waitress was very sweet and attentive. It was nice too, that she wasn't one of those annoying waiters who sneak up on you every time you stuff your food in your mouth to ask if the food was good or if we needed anything... She was observant, and waited until we placed our forks down, or were slowing down with our meals to come check on us. The food was incredible. I ordered an angel hair pasta dish with scallops and shrimp in a light Roma tomato sauce, and my fiance ordered a steak with garlic mashed potatoes. Unfortunately, his potatoes were completely bland, and could have used more salt, pepper, and garlic. Other than that, however, we were pleased with the meal. As far as pricing is concerned, you must be ready to spend a minimum of $14 bucks for a meal, and those are the less inviting dishes. Most dishes were in the $17-24 range, and in my opinion, well worth it! This was a very special night to me, and I'm glad we chose it. It should also be noted that it was just after nine pm when we arrived, and though they close at ten, and weren't that busy, the entire staff was pleasant and welcoming. This gives them bonus points!!
5	Monday Nights ALL the Chefs get to Show off!!!  See My photos and see what I mean!Last night Victor was my Waiter and everything was executed Perfectly!!!  First I had Bread and Butter ("hard" rolls soft Butter) then Fried Plantains with a side of Blueberry Vinaigrette.  Then Fried, not grilled Calamari (you have a option to get half the order fried and the other grilled if you like) with a side of Chimichuri Sauce and a side of Lemons.  Gazpacho is the third course, garnished with Red Onions, Green and Red Peppers (sometimes a little Sour Cream, though not tonight), the Entree was Mallorquinas  (I can not speak Spanish) Pasta with Fresh Oregano, Jumbo Shrimp, Extra Jumbo Shrimp, crushed Tomatoes and a little Cheese and a small side of Special Hot Sauce (hot or just about perfect - it is not too hot)!  This Entree is extremely simple though Beats most Italian pasta dishes around  (beats many Spanish dishes too)!!! Miro has Dessert's that range from Good to Superb and I guess you can guess I may have been here before!  The Chocolate Chip Mocha Cheese Cake was to LIVE for (so it can be repeated)!  Espresso - I order it Cuban Style: Strong and Sweet!!!
4	Miro is pretty awesome; so much so that when I lived in the area I used to go here quite often even if I was alone. Is that sad? I don't know but it was worth being a depressing sight to have my craving for Spanish satiated. I'm a little ashamed to admit it, but I've never had any of the tapas here. This is because most of the time I was either alone or with someone who won't eat seafood, olives or chorizo. And ordering tapas that only I will eat kinda defeats the purpose of tapas. I can however, attest to the life affirming delectability of the paella (the best I've ever had outside of Spain), the solidly piquant steak with chimichurri, and a flavorful stuffed chicken breast whose name I've long since forgotten. Pollo Relleno perhaps?  I don't make it down that way very often anymore and I kinda miss it. Hopefully they'll open another Miro somewhere in center city to fill the Spanish void left by the reprehensible closing of Sole and Las Ramblas in Dilworth. I hear plenty of people talking about missing those two establishments. Besides, there's something not right about a city the size of Charlotte having one - ONE - Spanish restaurant! And it's well out in the cultural wastelands of bourgeois McMansionville. Sorry. Anti-suburban sprawl rant over...for now. Anyway, the service has always been excellent and the ambiance inviting. Go here! Preferably with someone who will share tapas that feature seafood and chorizo.
4	definitely a fan of Miro, and definitely going back there for some more delicious paella! =) the appetizer (gambas al ajillo), and the fresh soft bread with chimichurri (sp?) were really great! they also have a good wine selection. The restaurant was packed and quite lively on the Friday that we were there, but we decided to sit at the bar which was even more lively, thanks to the friendly bar tenders, who also gave us free dessert since we were there celebrating a birthday!
4	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte by far!  The Solomio (steak with mashed potatoes) is delicious and they carry my favorite wine, Alamos Chard!  This is a go to place for my husband and I on date nights!  Try it!
2	Nice atmosphere, small portion sizes, overpricedThe decor is nice, but the menu is way overpriced for the mini portion sizes you get.Good food, just don't go if your hungry.
3	I'm only giving three stars simply because my friend and I just had wine and calamari in the bar area. The calamari was ok (I'm a professed calamari snob) and the wine list is limited to European, which isn't a bad thing but just be prepared if you're used to domestics and South Americans like me. The service was great despite how busy they were.
5	If you're looking for a great place to enjoy fabulous tapas and a generous pour of sangria, I'd highly recommend Miro Spanish Grill. I've been there a handful of times over the past couple of years and have never had a disappointing experience. Also, the servers are wonderful and treat customers with the utmost respect. Makes a wonderful venue for a first date! :)
4	Food very good. Tres Leches cake makes this place destination.  Mouth watering just thinking about it... If you can only make it for a dessert and coffee you won't be disappointed.
2	We went to Miro for my father-in-laws 65th birthday.  We had reviewed the menu and reviews before going and were looking for a great place with fantastic food.  Unfortunately, This was NOT the right choice.    Our waiter was NOT knowledgeable about the food or even - what was even available.   We were told that because last night was so busy -they may out of some items, such as the short ribs.  I stress MAY BE - because after we asked out waiter (twice) to find out if they were available or not,  he came back to let us know they were in fact, available. Second issue developed when I asked about the vegi's and whether they came with Bell Peppers (I'm allergic).  He mentioned they did, so I opted for a side salad.  I asked what dressings were available and as my waiter ran through the options, I choose the Balsamic Vinaigrette.   What I received was a salad, with BELL PEPPERS on it and a Red Wine Vinaigrette instead.  When I questioned the dressing type, our waiter said - no, its Balsamic unless I've been misinformed.  To which I asked him to go find out.  Upon his return, he verified it was in fact Red Wine and NOT Balsamic.  I handed him my salad and and no thanks.  He didn't event offer or attempt to correct the dressing issue - just took it away.  By this time, I was completely unimpressed and things seemed to just get worse.  The calamari was tasteless - but the sauce/salsa they served with it was good and helped get the food down.   My Mother-in-law had mentioned to our waiter while ordering our meal, that she would like to have a glass of wine when her meal comes - He acknowledged, but never returned to determine which wine she'd like or if it was the right time.  (missed that sale)Our meals were served before our appetizers & salad were even finished and our plates were still on the table! - no place to put our meals.The food itself - was just ok.  It was NOT fantastic, not flavorful and not what I had expected from such great reviews.  I don't add salt to anything  - but I sure needed it here.  Even the chimichurri was bland.  I will say, however, that the kids pizza was great!   My husband had made arrangements upon arrival to have something special written on my father-in-laws piece of cake - which came out really nice, once we actually got it.  See, It was supposed to arrive after dinner - not 20 minutes after our dinner.  We sat and sat, and sat.  until it arrived.  Needless to say, we were happy to pay the bill and finally leave.  Not a great experience - and can't say I'll ever be back.   So embarrassed to have brought my in-laws there!
4	This was a very good find in Charlotte. The food was very good and the wait staff were friendly and on top of everything. The menu had such variety ,I didn't know where to begin. We will definately drop by the next time we are in the area.
5	I shouldn't be Yelping about Miro's because this place is so damn good that I don't want people blowing up my SPOT!  If you want authentic Spanish cuisine in a classy, intimate environment with a highly professional waitstaff, Miro's should be your next Ballantyne destination.  From Sangria to Margaritas, Tapas to Paella, everything this kitchen puts out is delicious, ripe with flavor, and abundant.  Ask for Victor if you want someone to expertly describe the specials and menu item by item, and whatever you do DO NOT leave without ordering Tres Leches for dessert.  I don't even like sweets and I can't get enough of this item.  Love Miro's.
5	My goto restaurant. The churrasco de cerdo is the best thing on the menu, next to the tres leches.
1	Poor service, worse food.  Ordered salad and an entree.  They brought the entree and when we said we ordered salad the waiter pretended that we didn't order salads.  The food was tasteless.  I won't return.  It was also very hectic and noisy.
3	Miro is our go-to restaurant for a night of Spanish tapas and vino. Although the tapas are a bit stiff the food is very tasty and staff is super friendly. They always remember us! The bartender (buff bald dude) is great and always makes us laugh.If you are looking for heavier fare, try the pork or steak with mashed potatoes! The pasta is also a good choice and they will cater to you if you want something extra! And of course never leave without a tres leche to go!
3	We got the calamari as our appetizer which was good.  The sangria was perfect--we were all happy with it.  I was really disappointed then when the entrees came after the beginning of the meal was so good-I thought the main course would be as well.  Unfortunately, this was not the case.  I got a seafood medley on top of angel hair pasta.  The pasta was stuck together in clumps--I guess they forgot to stir it while it was boiling.  The seafood was ok--the dish was so flavorless.  If my eyes were closed, I would have no idea I was eating scallops, shrimp, etc.  My husband's dish was basically the same as mine.  Flavorless.  Our friends ordered the specials and were really happy with those, so maybe go with the specials if you eat here.  For the amount of money this meal was and how disappointing it was, I would not return.
4	I love Miro..one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Small portions but its good for those watching their weight. I 've several times and had only 1 bad experience when I ordered the special, the fish was not so fresh but the food and service is usually splendid!
4	Good. .But not great tapas.   Would give 3.5 stars. .. But rounding up due to the solid service we got at the bar on a crowded night.
5	Miro is always a great choice for dinner if you're looking for Spanish cuisine! Dishes are fresh and creative. The service is impeccable and feels like an upscale restaurant. Brandon is an outstanding waiter. Save room for tres leches. It's crazy with a shot of espresso dabbled onto it...makes it tastes like tiramisu on steroids!
4	Don't let the placement in a shopping center fool you - Miro is a fantastic restaurant!  We had reservations on a Wednesday night, and the place was busy but not packed (which I appreciated since the waiting area is a bit small and awkward).We seemed to have two different waiters, which was a little confusing, and one of them got our wine mixed up when she brought out the glasses.... but everyone has a brain lapse, so no biggie.  We skipped the appetizers and went right to the entrees.  I got the Churrasco de Cerdo ($17), which I was thankfully able to point to instead of pronounce.  The pork was wonderfully seasoned, and I loved the chimichurri sauce.  The plantains were what sold me on the dish, and there were only two, but that was probably a good thing - if there'd been 37, I would've eaten all of them.  Fella got the Puerco en Pimienta ($14) - I didn't try it, but the pork looked good, and there were a ton of mashed potatoes.All in all, a nice, tasty dinner that feels more upscale than the location, but doesn't cost fancy prices.
5	I always love eating here. They have a nice outdoor patio, great menu and nightly specials that I usually order. The staff and bartenders are quick, friendly and  always know about the wines and food selections and what you might or might not like and why.
4	Great Spanish cuisine...reminded me of what we ate in Barcelona. Clean environment and outstanding service too.
4	"Cheer up, love. You know what the Monty Python boys say: Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition." -- Sliding Doors (1998)In from out of town for work and meeting work friends for dinner, this was the suggested restaurant for the evening.  Loving Spanish cuisine, I jumped at the chance (especially after looking over some other Yelp reviews).  Our arrival was staggered, so our waiter took special care to adjust his style to cater to each of us as we arrived.Brandon, server extraordinaire, greeted two of us right away and started with wine suggestions. We were unsure of his recommendation, so he brought us a glass to try (seriously?).  We tasted and liked it, but were not big fans.  So he brought us what we were pretty sure we would like - a Tempranillo.  As we waited on the other half of our party, we ordered an appetizer - Manchego y Jamon (Manchego cheese and rolls of proscuitto).  Brandon brought us a side of a blueberry-balsamic reduction sauce that he insisted was the perfect accompaniment.  Wow was he right!  The butteriness of the cheese, paired with the salty cured meat was delicious...add in the rich sweetness of the sauce and it cut though in such a delightful way; it really rounded out the flavors.  Add in a basket of breads and we were in hog heaven - we weren't sure if we needed dinner.But alas, Brandon rattled off the specials once the rest of our party arrived and we began to salivate and the very thought of all 4 of the items - in fact we ordered 3 of them.  This says nothing of the regular menu, but these specials sounded so incredible we were helpless to resist.  One of my friends ordered the Red Snapper with Shrimp special with a cream sauce while two of us practically fought over the two veal specials.  We ordered both and basically did a coin toss when they came to the table - they were both delectable.Special 1: Veal Shank marinated overnight, braised and served with duck bacon (and over garlic mashed potatoes).  Since this is a veal shank it comes with it's marrow intact (aka meat butter).  Spread that on a fresh roll and you have heaven right at your table.  Succulent, rich, delicious and who doesn't love duck bacon???Special 2: Veal Chop, seared and served with a mushroom reduction, jus with rosemary and server over garlic mash.  The chop was perfectly cooked to a mid-rare per my request and it was not over seasoned.  The jus was rich and flavorful and soaked into the potatoes without overpowering the garlic.  The mushrooms were winey and slightly sweet without bring saccharine.  I devoured it and had I been alone, I might have gnawed on the bone.Then came the trio of desserts - Brandon (the evil dessert pusher) brought in a platter of like 20 slices of goodness (okay, maybe not 20), but took us through each and every one.  From Chocolate Mint to Bananas Foster to Blackberry Cheesecake.  We settled on 3 very different flavors: Tres Leches (their signature dessert), Flourless Chocolate Cake, and Pineapple Layered Cake.  Brandon also brought us a cup os espresso since I almost picked the Tiramisu Cheesecake - he said pouring a spoon of espresso on the Tres Leches was very similar - he was not wrong.  Everything was amazingly rich and delicious and the four of us just could not stop until we were about to pop.I will be back again as this was a truly enjoyable experience.  Great atmosphere (it doesn't interfere with your dining experience), delicious food, and great service.  I'm still full and think I might be full when I wake up in the morning.As quoted by one of my friends: "Who can have a bad time with great company, good laughs, meat butter and duck bacon!"  Oh and great service!  Thanks, Brandon, for making our evening enjoyable, easy and complete.
4	On my last business trip to Charlotte, I was in the mood for tapas so I found Miro on Yelp. I had an amazing experience there. Tomas was a caring waiter who provided honest recommendations and was extremely accommodating. I ordered the Pinchintos Morunos, which are grilled pork skewers with a chimichurri sauce - it was MARVELOUS and I savored every last piece. I also got a side order of fried plantains, but I wish I had ordered a whole order of them since they were hands down the best fried plantains I've ever eaten. That's saying a lot because I've had my fair share of plantains when I was in Peru. What I loved about them were the nice crispy edges that worked so well against the soft and warm plantains. Finally, I ordered Ensalada de Miro with salmon, which was your normal salad with tomatoes, onions and peppers. The salmon itself was cooked great, but the salad itself was very underwhelming. Overall, I wish I had discovered Miro earlier on my business trips to Charlotte, and I would recommend just sticking with the tapas. Oh yeah, don't forget the plantains! [47 of 100]
2	So I decided to try this place due to the reviews I saw on yelp and said why not. Whoa! What a disappointed.  Food was wayyy overpriced for the taste of an ordinary restaurant, I should've known when the food came out less then 10 minutes after ordering. Will not ever I say ever go back therr again. I want my money back!!
5	Love Miro! Great food, strong drinks, & mostly friendly staff.. one guy is kind of a douche. The first time I ate here, I was probably 12, so I have no idea what I ordered. On my 2nd visit, almost 10 years later, I was interested in trying the Vegetable Paella but the bartender recommended the Berenjena Rellena- Eggplant stuffed with cheese & some type of marinara, served with sauteed spinach & saffron rice- so I went with that.. & almost 5 years later that's still my go-to dish! The saffron rice is very tasty & sometimes I get an extra side of it.For dessert, you MUST try the Tres Leches.. I've tried it at other establishments & Miro consistently comes out on top! Don't even bother trying the other desserts here cause you're going to hate yourself like I did the 2 or 3 times I strayed. It's a pretty rich cake but it's served with fresh strawberries so you don't feel like a total fatty :)The drinks here can be pretty strong, depending on who the bartender is- consider yourself warned. Probably a good thing for most people, but I don't care for super strong drinks. I'd rather drink something good & a lot of it, than 1 strong drink I hardly touch. It's better for the restaurant anyway :P They make great mojitos here & that's usually my drink of choice!The staff here is great, for the most part. Fun to joke around with & on point with their recommendations. They are attentive without being annoying and overbearing & make you feel right at home. I highly encourage you to try Miro if you haven't already!
2	I've always passed by this restaurant and wanted to try it.  I finally did today and it was a  disappointment!! The food was okay, nothing Spanish about it. The sangria tasted like cheap wine. Our server seemed in a rush for us to finish and leave. He picked our dishes even when we told him we were not finished. Definately not coming back.
1	I had made a reservation for Valentines Day and they messed up our reservation. Our reservation was for 8:30 pm so we showed up at 8. When we got there it was a complete and utter mess. They had overbooked there reservations and a guy behind me said their reservation was for 7 pm and it was 8:10 pm by now and they said they hadn't even been sat yet. But it didn't matter because they couldn't find my reservation. They ruined my wife and I's Valentines Day plans and won't ever go back and won't recommend any of our friends go there either.
5	New to the area originally from New York. My husband and I went out for a good meal and a romantic evening. Our waiter victor was funny and a very attentive waiter. I had the seafood stew and my husband had the braised shot ribs all was so good. The desert was a white cake I forgot the name it was amazing . So happy we decided to go n we will definitely be back!
5	Very good food - among the better tapas restaurants I've enjoyed. I found the service excellent, with a very helpful waitress (Escobali, I believe) that had great recommendations for food and wine pairing.   I'll be back - often.
5	Miro is one of the most consistent, and consistently good, restaurants in Ballantyne. I would suggest nearly everything on the menu, but some favorites have been: Gambas al ajillo, Chorizo salteado, Zarzuela de Mariscos, Mallorquinas, Churrasco de Cerdo...really everything. With all the chain, and chain-ish restaurants in the area, Miro is a standout.
5	Phenomenal Service and the Zarzuela De Mariscos, OMG.  I'm going back for more.  I honestly feel guilty for not taking a picture and adding it to Miros collection.  It was absolutely phenomenal.  "traditional spanish aromatic seafood stew cooked in spanish clay casserole with combination of shrimp, grouper, calamari, mussels, clams and scallops in a tomato sauce"  Two of you? Get a couple of these and a bottle of wine and you will leave happy!I will be back soon.  Very soon.
5	Awesome fish & eggplant neals. The food is always consistent and great!!The service is wonderful, Victor is so nice & always remembers your name. Luv this place. Sorry to see them leave stoncrest but I will visit their new location.
