5	This is far and away the closest thing that I've found in Phoenix that rivals the great hot dog/gyro places back home (Windy City Gyros in Wrigleyville [on Broadway just south of Irving Park rd since someone asked]) would be the gold standard-it almost brings a tear to my eye just thinking about it...).  The gyros are very good, with solid tzatziki and pita.  Their Italian beef is also quite good piled high with giardinera.
5	This place is great, their food is definitley meditteranean style, and their service is great. I would recommend the Beef Shawerma over the Gyro, if your looking for good falafel this is the place and my God the Chicken platter..YUMMY!
5	Talk about a bitchen Gyro!!! Load that thing up with the Gardien Peppers & Tzatziki Sauce!! Oh and ask for an extra Tzatziki sauce just because - it's sooo good. I can't really speak for Gyro's in Chicago or for that matter any other place than Phoenix so with that said. THIS PLACE RULES!!  I've had a Gyro over at Greek Town on 7St and while the food was authentic and NO YOU CAN'T have any damn FRENCH FRIES with your Gyro... I dare you to even ask that dude - so while it may be authentic it was also a light weight compared to the Feast of Awesomeness that you'll experience at Chicago Gyros!! and don't forget the extra Tzatziki sauce.... p.s. The Fries are damn good too!!!!!
5	This is my go-to place for gyros in my neck of the woods.  I have been here dozens of times since they opened approximately five years ago and can't remember being disappointed any of the times.   I also love that fact that pretty much every time I go in there, something about the place is different, whether it is a new menu board, new tile, the coffee bar is gone, etc,.I ordered my usual, the gyro meal.  As always, the gyro was stuffed full of meat and had great flavor.  Really good pita and tzatziki sauce too.  The fries...well, the one inconsistency about Chicago Gyros is that the fries sometimes are overcooked or not super-hot (could also be a side-effect of me taking the meal home most times).  That being said, they are pretty much always crispy and taste great, and once again I was not disappointed.If I was ranking just on this visit alone, I'd probably give it 4.5 stars and round down, but since I have a solid history and bump up to 5 stars, because I know that I'll be back, and I know that it will be good.
5	THIS PLACE IS DELICIOUS!!!I can never find a good place for hummus and gyros...well I finally found it! They have a great menu, friendly staff, and clean restaurant.  They give you large portions and the food just tastes great.LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT....Go! You will not be sorry...and its cheap! One more time.... LOVE IT!
5	Now if you're NOT a gyro lover, and you don't really like over-stuffed pitas, this really isn't your kinda place.  On the other hand, if you want honkin' gyros, loaded with that delicious melange of meat, sauce and fixin's, you NEED to give this place a shot!Not only are these the biggest gryos I've had in the valley, but the pitas are perfectly soft and hot.  The tzatziki is awesome (though I order mine on the side so I can apply) and the french fries are always great too (but if you get them to go, they lose their crispy luster).  Hey, look - add a drink and you've got their gryo meal at a great price!  You can always substitute a greek side salad for the fries if you're going lighter.  Their falafel pita is also good, and my choice about a third of the time, and their veggie plate makes my tummy happy too!  I gotta give it to these guys, they give you great portions, good service, fair prices and even though I don't know their names, they recognize me from my repeat trips and welcome me with a "How ya doin?" every time!
4	Located in a seedy looking strip of shops behind a gas station, it can be easy to miss. Now this place is one of my new favorites. I love the flavorful tzatziki, a nice dill flavor with garlic and cucumber....wow.  The gyros....fresh soft thick pitas, overstuffed with meat...mmmmm.  I also tried their veggie appetizer variety which I really enjoyed.  Unfortunately I carried out my meal becasue they forgot the pitas that accompanied the appetizer variety. (Didn't figure it out till I got home.) I definitely will be going back!!
5	Wow this place gives great food and great service and good prices. I have been coming here on and off for years. Actually since they opened. The place has grown it menu to accommodate everyone. I had the Gyro, kid one had the fish fry, kid two had the chicken strips. Gyro, with feta, perfectly grilled pita, stuffed with meat, onions and tomato. The homemade tzatziki sauce topped it off. I had rice instead of Fry's... i love the rice, but it was a little oily. Fish for 5.95 was 3 good sized perfectly fried cod pieces, with Fry's and a really good tarter sauce. Chicken strips we huge and again fried perfectly, and had a great flavor. I might get them next time... LOL
5	Looking for a casual place for all your hummus, greek salad, gyro and souvlaki needs? Chicago Gyro is it. The atmosphere is casual--think plastic trays and forks, napkins at your table, counter service and lots of styrofoam takeout. But what ya get what ya pay for at this joint. The pita is fresh and plentiful, the hummus creamy with just a dollop of oil and some kalamata olives. The gyro salad is the perfect balance between naughty nice and the staff is friendly. What more can you ask for?
5	I had high hopes for this one from the start, seeing as how I found it on Yelp, and it had nothing but great reviews... well, my fellow Yelpers didn't let me down! WOW, I will be coming here very often. I got the Chicago Gyro, my other half got the Chicken Gyro, and we split the Cilantro/ Jalapeno hummus. Everything was fresh and REALLY delicious... and CHEAP. They even had passionfruit tea and lemonade for the most amazing Arnold Palmer to ever touch your lips. Nice staff, clean restaurant, lots to choose from... you just can't go wrong!
4	I had driven past here before and wondered about it so after yelping yesterday I decided to pick it up for dinner at home. I got a chicago gyro "as a wrap" and a philly gyro ( just the sandwiches) and baba ghanoush for an appetiser for JD and I to share. We split everything and both thought the chicago gyro/wrap was the best but didnt think it qualified as enough for two, as the menu says. The baba was good but too smooth- I like it better with a courser texture- where you can see and taste the seeds on your tongue! All in all, we decided that we would be back again to try the gyro salad and the chicken gyro's.
5	uhh I just tasted the chicken gyro... It is NEXT on my list of things to eat.
4	I dug it, but I'm not gushing out stars like gametes, here, as some...Well, even if you're not a gyro lover, Chicago Gyros still has plenty to make you full and happy.The falafel sandwich and big mound of fries stuffed into the lunch basket was filling and cooked just right.My tiny taste of the heavily seasoned chicken gyro meat, i think it was, left me craving more of the savory flavor.The owner cooks up fresh hot food even late night after the restaurant closes for patrons of the Poker Union http://www.yelp.com/biz/poker-union-phoenix#hrid:IooN-FXYZ_TDj3B8iHptoACool!
4	Did I like the place? YesWas it the best gyro I've ever had? NoWill I be back? YesLike most other restaurants in the valley it's in another dying strip mall.  So there's not much to say about its presence from the street.  However, while inside you would think it was full of life and not dull at all.  The gyros aren't bad, but the tzatziki sauce was amazing I have to admit.  Don't know what they did with that sauce, but that alone will keep me coming back.  I also like their salads they offer with fresh looking ingredients and great tasting house dressing.The decor has a nice Greek theme with a Chicago influence, who would have thought?  The restaurant is pretty clean, but a little cluttered in some areas.  Not a big complaint at all, just wish they would put things where they should be and not in plain site of the customers.Definitely worth a visit if in the area!
4	The Chicago Gyro is served with the wallop of awesome dressing. Even though a big eater, I stretched this gyro and fries for 2 lunches. Their service is crisp and get you the food, provide a to go box - if necessary - and give their thanks. Love it. Looking forward to trying their Middle Eastern eats. Note: pay the buck extra and get the gyro with the salad. Fresh greens and nice size salad.
4	One of the few valley places that actually reminds me of the Gyro places in the Chicago area when I lived there.  Hummus selection is very good and tasty, falafel are flavorful but not too oily, and entrees are displayed well for what is really a fast food place.Friendly service is a nice plus as well.  Drawbacks are the lines this place can garner during the weekday lunch rush and pricing seems a little high for what it is.  Also, it's not exactly a nice area, especially the strip mall with all of the signs to sell your gold.
3	The falafel are a bit dry sometimes but they have a good humus selection.  The service is good and food comes out rather timely.  It does remind me of a real gyro place you would find in Chicago.   It has a good vegetarian selection.  They also have a wide variety of dipping sauces.Overall it is a good corner Mediterranean place.
4	The salty yogurt drink REALLY is salty and the staff WILL give you the stink eye when you order a Chicago Dog minus the dog, but this place is amazing. Try the Grilled Veggie Wrap!
5	We took the family to CG last week and man it was good. DW had gyro and frys.. loved every bite DD had fish..great flaky fish here folks. DD had gyro and frys..loved it allI had the Chicken plate served with Salad and rice, and a pita. It totally hit the spot.
5	Great gyros, I eat here every week! They have a great lunch special, are very friendly, and the food is delicious!
5	I swear to God, I always find the best eats right before I move far away. BEST eats.This place is SO clean. I could probably eat off the floor. Small joint with framed photos of the Chicago cityscape, sports [THE BEARS.], and Al Capone. Hell yeah. We told the cheery girl at the register we were first-timers and she got a menu while apologizing for potentially smelling like onions [she had just finished lunch, haha]. So gave us a rundown of the whole menu real quickly and when my friend ordered the chicken gyro, she suggested she get the chicken shawarma gyro instead, adding it was made with a special in-house marinade. We also got the vegetarian platter [2 kinds of hummus, 3 dolmas, 2 pitas, 3 falafel] and I got a chicago gyro [beef and lamb mix] with fries. Can we say fast? Like, that food was fast. I didn't know where to start. I dug into the hummus and swooned like [90s] Tom Cruise just asked me to prom. I melted in my seat and the floodgates broke. Crushed the most delicious falafel I've ever had: delicate, hot, wonderful with tzaziki but great on its own. Destroyed my gyro, and as the onion and tomato fell off, I hustled to put them back on top [and I don't even like onion usually]. Fries had a seasoning that reminded me of Tony Cachere's with salt [or if you're from the NW, Johnny's] seasoning. MMM. Dolmas served cold and didn't taste canned. Heaven. CG is heaven.
5	My co-workers and I  drive all the way over and wait in line during the lunch rush on our 30 min break (We'll risk it for Chicago Gyros!).  I also go there on the weekends because it's soo good and my boyfriend loves it too! I've been to other Greek Places in the area and their meat is dry and the people are rude. CHICAGO GYROS IS WHERE IT'S AT FOR SOME YUMMY GYROS!!!
3	I finally made my way to Chicago Gyros and was perhaps expecting too much based off all the rave reviews on Yelp. I arrived late to avoid a crazy lunch crowd...to no avail. The place was still packed...at 1:45. I always think this is a good sign. The cashier was busy taking an enormous to-go order over the phone, which allowed me some time to review all the items on their extensive menu featuring Greek and Chicago favorites. Since I love both cuisines, I became overwhelmed. Chicago hot dog, gyro, hummus, pizza puff...oh my! Based off a Yelp review, I opted for a chicken gyro, and in lieu of fries, went for a salad (was taking it to go and thought the salad would travel better). The gyro was very good, well-seasoned and still hot by the time I got back to Desert Ridge. The veggies were fresh and complemented the meat well. I ordered extra tzatziki because I am a saucy minx (I kid!)...It reminded me of the gyro sauce I've had back in the Midwest: Chicago, Detroit and Columbus, Ohio. Very good, but also very Americanized.  The Greek salad I had was OK. It was fresh and crunchy, but the dressing was just so-so. There are so many things on the menu that I'm eager to try, so I'll be back. But I may stick to the gyros at Eden's Grill. I think I like the middle eastern version better than the Greek/American. But That's just me!
4	Great place to visit!  I would highly recommend trying it out...very clean, reasonable prices, friendly staff.  Food was better than average.  I will be back for sure.
5	I have been here at least 10 times since my Hubby & I bought our 1st house in the summer of 08. We could walk here, we live 3 blocks away. Although, we have yet to do that. We've only ate inside 2 or 3 times, we usually just carry out because they close pretty early at 8pm, 6pm on Sundays. But its a cute little spot & like others have already stated its really clean.We usually get the same thing every time, he gets the chicken pita with a greek salad & I get the gyros pita (with an extra side of tzatziki sauce) with fries. He'll switch it up sometimes & get the gyros pita & I have tried the hot dog & pizza puff. I also love their hummus, its so good! I have also tried the spanakopita, it was good but the flavor was too rich for me. We got a to go order tonight for dinner & for the 1st time I tried their baklava. It was pretty yummy but a tad too sweet for me. I have tried their cheesecake once before & it was awful, still frozen in the center! They also have pibb xtra in their soda fountain, our fav!Love this place!!
3	The food here is good, but not stellar.  I've tried a number of their dishes and I will continue to go because it's nearby when I need my fix for gyros.  I like their salads, although ask for the dressing on the side or it comes saturated.  I do not like their wraps, especially their grilled veggie wrap had a strange taste (maybe not so fresh?) and I had to throw it out.  On the other hand, their falafel is good, gyro meat is good, chicken is good, regular hummus is good (I'm not a fan of their other flavors).  My hubbie loves the Italian beef sandwich and I eat the giardineria that comes with.  Oh, and at the risk of being beaten by other yelpers, it's not my favorite tzatiki sauce. Good but doesn't induce cravings like King Gyro's.
5	I am from Chicago - and the italian beef here really is perfection.  Add to that the friendliest people ever and the amazing hotziki with fries- and they've got me forever.  Their falafel wrap is insanely good and the patty melt is to die for.  I could eat here every day - and I practically do!
4	This is your typical quick service Greek menu, but is a real step up from the others around town. It's probably the food service gyros and such from the weekly delivery truck. As far as I can tell, the chicken is marinated in house. Great Tzatziki sauce and a deep menu.
4	First thing I have to say is that this place is hard for us more nocturnally inclined folks to eat at since they close at 8pm.  When we did get our first shot at feasting on the delicious cuisine they had to offer boy were we happy.The basic Gyro meal with a Gyro, fries and a drink was 7.75 and that is exactly what I ordered, not wanting to try anything fancy the first time.  It took maybe 5 minutes from order to food sitting in front of me and the first thing I noticed was that there was quite a heaping of thin sliced lamb meat piled onto the fresh looking pita slathered in sauce and topped with some onion.  I opted out of getting tomato.  First bite was awesome, and the next bite was just as good if not better as my brain realized that I had probably found the best Gyro's I've had in Phoenix.  They weren't super greasy, the tzatziki sauce was great, and the onions were nice and crispy.I ate the whole gyro before even taking a stab at the fries.  Probably not coincidentally the fries were actually quite good as well.  Yet again, not super greasy, and with ketchup, they had just the right flavor.  They have Veggie friendly meals, and also chicken, steak and Filafel as well as a whole Chicago menu with things like Vienna Beef hot dogs and pizza puffs.  Overall it's a definite must try in Phoenix.
5	After today's visit, I just promoted Chicago Gyros into the weekly lunch rotation. The food is excellent and the prices are reasonable and the dude at the counter keeps the line moving; I had the delicious Philly Cheese Steak wrapped in a gyro and topped with onions, greenpeppers and cheese (not that horid cheese whiz). Their gyros and greek salads are tasty as well.Get there early because the place gets so crowded and tables are at a premium. It's like trying to cram 10 pounds of stuff into a 5 pound bag.
4	Read about it and saw a number of good reviews so I thought I'd  gave it a try. Clean, fast and efficient.  Service fast but gruff..so know what you want before you order....they like to move things along.  Good quality of the food and good value....nice menu, big selection.  Had Chicago hot dog and fries...dog excellent, fries OK, not great.  Greek salad; very good.  Will go back to try 3 or 4 other items.  Wife (picky) really liked it, too. Lots of things that woman like; humus, salads etc.
4	I think this was the first bookmark I ever made, and I am always down for some Greek bliss. It's a little further north than I usually go, but dog-sitting for 3 attention-starved pups brought me just off of Union Hills, so a friend and I capitalized on the opportunity.Just pulling up to the place, it was somewhat surprising how many damn signs they have in their windows with pictures of their food. I mean, just a crap-load of gyro, hummus, and desert pictures. Is that a bad thing? No, not a bit, simply surprising. The decor of the place follows suit though. Its like a McDonalds' cash register come to life. Every menu item has a picture behind the register, and there are a few posters throughout the joint. The upside was that it does completely sell their food. It only took a moment to grab a few gyro meals (gyro, fries, soda) and the hummus trio. It was a quick wait, and we were out the door.Starting out with the hummus, I was pleased but not blown away. The trio included the standard hummus, jalapeno hummus, and roasted red pepper (at least that is what they tasted like). A huge hummus fan, I thought the standard was pretty good, the jalapeno was solid, but the red pepper just didn't have much flavor. It did come with hot flatbread, which is the perfect scooping material for my hummus.Once I had a few bites of the hummus, I unwrapped the gyro and just went "Wow". Literally. It's just a big piece of flatbread absolutely stuffed with gyro meat. Going with no tomatoes and onions (not a fan), I thought it would be a little light, but no way. And after I bit into the gyro? Holy crap. I didn't say it that time, but the meat is flat out amazing. Sometimes, the meat in gyros can get a little dry but this was moist and flavorful throughout. I just ignored the hummus and worked through the Grecian goodness. It may be the best gyro I have ever had, and it easily has the best meatI have to truly thank the Yelpers on this place. It is a bit far for a regular stop, but it will certainly be a place to go anytime I am up north or have the hankering for some gyro.
5	I cannot believe I have been so delinquent in writing a review about this place! They have a location near 46th St. and Indian School that I frequent pretty often, and it must be said: their food is phenominal and you MUST try it. Being from Detroit, I am a die-hard coney and cheese fry fan. I have NEVER been able to find really good chili-cheese fries out here in the valley....until now :) Yes! Chicago Gyro is my answer to amazing chili-cheese fries in the Valley. Their fries have this wonderful seasoning on them, and the chili-cheese is the CLOSEST i have found to Coney chili-cheese. Thats absolutely a feather in their cap. Aside from the amazing chili-cheese fries, I am also a fan of their dolmadas, and I usually order them together. In fact, I have ordered them together so many times, that the nice guy named Brian at the counter knows when I call because im apparently the only one that puts these two things together. Seriously! I'll call ahead to order for lunch and this is usually how the conversation goes: Brian: "Chicago Gyros, this is Brian"Me: "I'd like an order for carry-out....one order of chili-cheese fries with the chili and the cheese on the side, and one order of dolmadas"Brian: "Oh hey Brit hows it going. Ill have that ready for you in ten".He knows EVERY time. Its now gotten to the point where I can call and after he picks up I can just say "Its Brit" and then he tells me that my order will be ready in ten. Love it. Ive also had their hummus, their gyro, and their greek salad....all wonderful choices. Everything is served fresh, and you never have to wait too long or pay too much. Great food, great staff....many more visits to come from me.
3	I didn't really like this place when I first went, maybe a year and a half ago, and haven't really been back since them. But after Iain B's recent insistence that I give it another shot, along with the good reviews that it's been getting lately, I went back and tried it. I'm afraid to say my opinion hasn't changed much since the first time.I ordered the vegetarian platter, almost $10 after tax. You get three falafels, three dolmas, a splat of babaghannoush, a splat of hummus, a couple of black olives, lettuce, tomato, a small container of tzatziki and a small container of what appeared to be seminal fluid mixed with flour and lemon juice. What I'd IMAGINE seminal fluid mixed with flour and lemon juice to taste like, that is. In order of tastiness: the dolmas were good (they pretty much taste exactly the same from restaurant to restaurant), the tzatziki was good with a decent consistency (although a little overboard with the dill and not enough cucumber), the hummus was good, falafels were the same store-bought mix that JT Gyros has and didn't even have sesame seeds - plain bog average tasting, the babaghannoush was a little too slimy and lacked the smoky eggplanty flavour that I like, and the other fluid wasn't particularly good. All in all it was a terribly average meal. Maybe the meat might have tasted nicer but I don't usually get anything except chicken from places like this, and that's if I feel like eating something other than vegetarian on the day (if I do, I generally go somewhere else other than a mediterranean-style place). The pita bread was store bought and heated in a toaster oven or something, plain and simple. As it cooled down, it turned into shoe leather - exactly like JT Gyros'.I have to reiterate - if you haven't tried Greek Wraps down on Bell, you HAVE to. Do yourself a favour and buy a chicken kabob wrap from there with the "original sauce". Get a couple of falafels too. Compare with Chicago Gyros. Eat on consecutive days. Do the pita cool-down test too. In my opinion, no contest. A flat three stars for this place. No kidding, I could have made this entire platter myself using items you can buy from your local Frys Marketplace, including the tinned Peloponnese-brand dolmas. Except for the special sauce, I suppose.
4	WOW ...Chicken Pita and Italian Beef beautifully showcased the essence of great flavorful moist meat sandwich-like greatness!  Salad was balanced and fresh and the light lemony greek dressing was too too delicious!  Garlic sauce and Tzatziki was perfection.READ: Chicago Gyros is the place all of those other "Chicago/Mediterranean Pita" places only dream they could be if they cared enough about the quality of their food...their attention to flavor, texture, balance, and quality is unmatched.  handsdown :)
2	Response to Rob C: I wasn't offered anything from any other restaurant. You got this review because I've eaten WAY better Greek than what you serve. You just trashed any chance you had of repeat business from me too, as I was -planning- to come back and try some more meat-oriented stuff as has been suggested. Incidentally, I could have sworn I wrote a review of Greek Wraps already, but looking through all the reviews (even the filtered ones) it seems I haven't. They obviously didn't pay me enough eh? (snort)
4	Dropping a star for the rushed feeling I received from the guy at the register. He was too busy pushing me through the line then to answer my questions in a nice way. The food was great as usual but service goes A LONG way, especially to people who have been visiting since you opened. :)
4	I love chicago dogs. They do them pretty good too. I love the gyros as well. never been disappointed!
4	Nice little place. I'm not a big gyro fan but my wife likes them and thought that this place made really good ones.  I had the fried chicken strips and I thought that they were overdone, but they still had a good flavor.  Their fries were incredible.  What I really liked about this place was how friendly and efficient the service was here.  We got good recommendations on the dishes that they serve and we were even thanked when we were ready to leave.  The facility is clean and attractive--overall a really great place to eat.  I will be coming back on my next visit to the Valley.
5	I've been here many, many times for lunch, it is as good as most people say it is. I rarely order anything other than the Gyro "special" for lunch which comes with fries or salad and a drink for $7-9. Simply put, I have yet to find a better gyro in metropolitan phoenix.
5	-Outstanding food.-Fries are truly addicting!-Very inexpensive prices.-Very clean.-Questionable area.-Plenty of parking.
5	My daughter spotted this place on the way to her volleyball practice so when we were hungry afterward, it made perfect sense to try it.  WOW-WEE!!!  This is by far the most excellent gyro and fries I have ever tasted.  Their fries are sprinkled with this yummy seasoning and are cooked to the perfect texture-not floppy, not burned.  My taste buds thanked me all night!
4	I don't have a ton of time for this review but here goes:-Great Food-Nice Sporty ambiance-Inexpensive-The guy working the counter was almost too good at multitasking.  Sounds weird, I know, but he was so good at multitasking that it seemed like he was ignoring me from time to time.  Kind of annoyed me, but he got the job done.  I will return but I'm just not too crazy about gyros, but when I want one I'll go here.
4	Chicago Gyros gets high ratings in my book for offering delicious, fresh, filling vegetarian options, which are incredibly tough to find around these parts.  It was worth going out of my way.I ordered the falafel wrap ($6.50) from the friendly gentleman behind the counter and took a seat at one of the tables where you can relax and watch TV.  I had barely finished sending a text message and lunch was ready.  The wrap itself was warm and withstood the to-go test with no leaks or tears.  Inside was parsley, fresh green romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and tahini.  Nice.  I don't know why some Mediterranean restaurants think they can go leaving their falafel all alone with mere chopped-tomatoes-and-onions, but Chicago Gyros knows better and this wrap delivered on the ingredients.  One thing that could make it better is hot sauce - I will remember to ask next time.  The falafel was a little undercooked (not much crunch) but was seasoned great and the flavors were all there, so that setback didn't stop me from devouring away.  Overall a delicious wrap that held me over all the way until dinner.  An excellent first impression - I will definitely be back to try other veg-friendly items on the menu - their dolmas, hummus sampler and vegetarian platter can only mean good things.
5	Very good foot, great prices, and very clean restaurant!  Reminds of me of Chicago hot dog/gyro places.
5	While I was waiting for my order, this guy next in line kept asking the girl at the counter "This is the real shit, right? It's the real shit?"Well yeah, at Chicago Gyros it definitely is. I live a few minutes away from here, but had not stopped by in quite some time. I had worked up an appetite this particular morning and I found myself in the gyro kind of mood.Goddamn, I think that gyro changed my life. It was succulent, flavorful, and so amazing that as you are devouring it you'd wish it could go on forever. It was basic, and perfect, no tomatoes or lettuce fouling up the works. My gyro was bursting full of meat and homemade tsaziki, and the accompanying ample helping of crinkle cut fries were also delicious (Greek places always have the best fries, I think because the only other thing they use the fryer for is the falafel?). It's the kind of meal you'll get a wild craving for, and I just know that I'll be sampling the rest of their menu with more frequency.
5	This is one of the first places I went to entirely because I found them on Yelp, and I was not disappointed.  I've never had any sort of food in Chicago, never been.  But I like this place more than any other greek place I've tried.    While the prices could be a little lower for my liking (I want to say $8-$10), they are completely justified once you see the amount of food that you get.  I always get the Gyro wrap, #1 I believe.  Has a lot of meat; comes with a ton of fries.  I suggest this place when I don't want to make dinner but I really want to feel full.It can get pretty busy at times, but when I've been they've had a cool headed guy answering the phone, taking orders, and handing out food all at once.  I should learn my lesson and start calling ahead with my own orders.  But I've lucked out since there has always been a game on when I'm waiting.  The place has a dive feel, but sports some very nice flat screen TVs.
4	Hot and fresh!
5	I love this place, I really do. Every time I visit my bf from Flagstaff we have to go there. I love the gyro combo but here is a tip I have learned - order your gyro with a side of feta for 75 cents and it will rock your world. I also order an extra side of tzatziki sauce ( had to google how to spell that, whew) and a side of their HOT SAUCE. Get it, its amazing and hot and goes perfectly with the tzatziki sauce and fries. I am counting the days until I am back in Phoenix so I can go there.
4	This is a great local, neighborhood greek spot.  I recommend taking it to go, you won't be dissapointed.  This is a family owned business and the food is equally as good every time.I recommend the gyro plates, hummus or vegetarian plate.  The chicken gyro plate is my favorite and all their food is very flavorable.  So far, this is the only local spot I would recommend in the NW area.  It puts other greek gyro places to shame!
4	Total fan!Checked this place out when I was visiting my man in Phoenix. Saw it every time we drove by - but not going to lie - pretty hesitant because 1) I'm a Chicagoan and 2) best friend's Greek, I can definitely tell what's good Greek, great Greek and Greek gone wrong,We hit the place around lunch time, so it wasn't too crowded. Guy behind the counter was on it from the get-go. Really helpful and suggested that we go with the #1 because that's what they're known for. We ordered two #1 - Gyros, fries & drink - along w/ an order of spanakopita and extra tzatziki (per all the Yelp recommendations). Here's the breakdown:-Gyros: Delish! Just the right amount of meat, tomatoes, onions and tzatziki. Pita was thick and fluffy. Meat was super tasty.-Fries: Seriously, Greeks know their fries. Perfectly crispy, but meaty on the inside. I've never had bad fries from any Greek restaurant. Bonus: they give you a ton of fries!-Tzatziki: Total must if you love the sauce. I put it on everything. It did have a little more dill than my man cared for, but really that just means more sauce for me! :)-Spanakopita: This was ok. I was expecting more a flaky, buttery phyllo dough crust, but it turned out to be more of a deep fried hot pocket with feta & spinach. The filling was delicious and tasty plating it with tomatoes, cucumbers and feta cubes though.Definitely going to hit this place next time I'm in town. So many other things I want to try: steak shawarma wrap, Chicago dog, baba ghanoush, hummus, dolmas... the list can go on and on!
4	I started going here about 2 years ago when a coworker found it. I have driven past this building for years and never even noticed it. Its a little hard to see with the circle k in the way. Anyway, the first time I pulled in there were 2 Phoenix police motorcycles in the parking lot. JACKPOT! I have always had good luck with places if the cops eat there. Those guys know where to get the good stuff. The Gyros are done correctly and are consistently good. The right amount of food and the fries are tasty with free drink refills. This place is always busy and can get really busy around lunch time but I don't mind. Its worth the wait.
4	Our experience with Chicago Gyros started out a little bumpy but ended up amazing.After all the rave Yelp reviews I decided to order takeout on a Friday night from Chicago Gyros. I called them. No answer. Hmmmm. I check the phone number and call again. No answer, it just rings and rings. I try calling twice more within 10 minutes. No answer. Any other place I would have given up and ordered somewhere else but I was stubborn and REALLY wanted to try this place. I see on their website they have an online ordering option. I place an order, type in my husband's credit card, click the "ready as soon as possible" option and we start our 10 minute drive there to pick up the food. He gets an email confirmation on the way there, so we assume everything is in order. Well...I wait in the truck while he goes in to pick up the order. The place is only half full with about 2 people ahead of him in line. I see him talk to the girl at the counter and then come back to the truck with no food and a sour look on his face! He told me they didn't check the online orders and the girl suggested we call in our order instead. My husband explained that we tried calling. Grrrrrrr... So we wait 10 minutes in our truck for our order and my husband goes back in the pick up the food. The girl was very nice despite everything. He brings the food in the truck and the aroma hits my nose immediately and my stomach begins to growl.  We dug into our hard earned food the moment we walked through the door. I had the vegetarian plate. Yummy! Such a good bargain for all you get. Good hummus and falafel. Amazing babaganoush (sp?). It was so garlicky and delicious. Ok dalmas. I split a side of cheesy fries with my husband. Holy crap they were good! You can't tell by looking at them, but they have amazing fries. My husband had the gyro wrap. It was enormous. He said it was very tasty. Their food is very good, better than some of the "finer" Mediterranean establishments. And much better value! So good I forgive the whole phone/ email order ordeal.
3	I've been here a couple times.  I go because I love gyros and they are a block from my house.  I would go more often, but they are not about service.   My skin crawls when I walk in the door because they are not too nice, but I am all smiles when I eat tasty food... at home.  I recommend all of their food, I also recommend you call it in, unless you don't mind staff who are not to friendly and a really long wait.
5	I went to Chicago Gyros with my husband, brother, and sister tonight based solely on the reviews on Yelp. I am happy to say that this place rocks!One awesome thing is that they offer "normal food" (sister's description) such as burgers, hot dogs, fish and chips, and chicken strips as well as Mediterranean food. We got the Vegetarian Platter (appetizer) so the youngins could try something Mediterranean without committing to a full meal that they were convinced they wouldn't like. The Platter includes two different types of hummus, pita bread, dolmas, and falafel. Everyone tried the hummus and agreed it was "ok" or "I've had better" (me)... the pita bread was loved by all. The dolmas were scorned by the kids since they were - gasp! - green and slimy-looking. The husband and I tried them - we didn't love them, but we would try them again. The falafel were determined to be just okay - they were a little on the greasy side and I'm not sure if that is how they are supposed to be...?Husband and I got the Chicago Gyros. This is were this restaurant goes from two stars (more on that below) to four and a half stars. The meat was perfectly seasoned, moist, the pita was the perfect texture, and the sauce was delicious. Perfection when eaten with the meat and pita. I have eaten a LOT of gyros and this is one the best Tzatziki sauce I've ever had.The service. The guy behind the counter earned the nickname from my group of Mr. No Personality / Mr. No Smile. Seriously, he NEVER smiled. I cracked jokes, I complimented the gyros, I didn't even get a twitch of a smile or acknowledgment that I had spoken. The cook, on the other hand, smiled and thanked me while Mr. NP/NS continued to ignore me. Whatever - the perfection that is their gyro is almost enough to make up for him... he keeps them from a perfect score, so the final score is: 4-1/2 stars.
5	Gyros are tough to rate. I am a firm believer that all gyro meat comes from one factory in the northeast. It really breaks down to what is served with them and how.These guys make them right. Crispy,juicy, and overflowing out of the wrap. Served up with some delicious tzatiki. Fries are ok, they're fries. I tend to find that the gyro fills me. I've also had some of their other items. The Falafel is wonderful, and the vegetarian platter is also great. Super smoky baba ganoosh, garlicky hummus, it's all pretty great. I've even had their Chicago Dog, which was perfect.The only negative with their food is that their chicken tends to be a little dry, and the service can sometimes seem like you're bothering them.But whatever, give me that gyro.
4	I can only comment on the gyros - Excellent!! Generous portions, all the trimmings and the fries are great too! I have a family of four who all love the gyros and I usually order 2 gyros plates with two extra pitas - comes with fries, etc. plus two greek salads. Plenty of food for four around 20-22 bucks...five bucks each - not bad for a budget...One negative - I live nearby and can tell you - do not order online and do not call it in...take the time go in and order...it takes a little longer but, I honestly have never been dissappointed by their gyros!PS - I'm from Chicago and in my opinnion - it's one of the best Chicago gyros in the Valley!
5	Today I had the chicken shwarma at Chicago Gyros and I think it's good. Nice flavor to the chicken, lots of toppings, good tzatziki, tons of fries. I would like to see one change though. For a true shwarma, the meat should be carved off of a piece of broiled meat. At Chicago Gyros, you get big chunks of chicken on the shwarma. So technically, it's not really a shwarma... I'll definitely go back! I think I'll try their baba and falafel next time. Yum!
5	This is our favorite gyro place...and we have tried plenty!  Not going to say it is the best in the world ( There was a little gyro shop in Friedberg Germany that will always be my #1!), but not sure any place in Phoenix beats it.While this place is small and it is NOT fast food, these issues pale in comparison to how good the gyros are.  The generously loaded sandwich is way filling.  You use to be able to seem them slice the meat right off the rotisserie, but the kitchen is a little more closed in now. The pita is super soft and the mound of fries can be easily shared between 2-3 people. Tend to only get fries when we go with my kids.  The gyro is usually way more than enoughWould love to try other things on the menu someday, but we trek there just to have a gyro!
4	Stopped in to grab a quick bite to-go on the way to the movies (spoiler alert - yes, i shoved the full bag of food into my purse and yes I am slightly ashamed yet slightly proud I pulled it off). I needed something fast that I could eat with my hands, that wouldn't make a ton of noise as I ate it. ;-) Having read the yelp reviews, I went with the gyro and wasn't disappointed. Solid gyro that I wouldn't hesitate to get again - tasty sauce, tender juicy meat, soft fluffy pita, not geasy. It melts in your mouth - a statement generally not applied to meat sandwich type foods! My fiance thinks it might be the best he's ever eaten. Fries were just ok. We just moved to the area, so I'm sure this will make it into my mental file of places to frequent. Plus being from Chicago, I'm a sucker for these types of places.
4	Good gyros stuffed with enough meat, fresh and tasty; but, the spanakopita crust...gag!  The inside of the spanakopita is good, but what the heck are they doing with that crust?  It definitely is a homemade pie crust thang that...just...ain't...workin', fellas!  And is phyllo now so expensive that to cut costs they aren't using it?  The crust looks pretty on the outside, but if you open it...no way, Jose!Let me give my fellow Yelpers a heads-up on this place:  They will ask you for the money for the tax here--even if you come in with one of their Deal Chicken prepaid coupons.  So, can someone tell me what it's either a Greek or a Middle Easterner than makes you pay the tax when the American restaurants figure you paid it already when you bought their coupon.  Sigh....always trying to beat the system I guess.Overall, the food is good here, but watch your order and add it up before you hand the coupon over or some shenanigans will go on with your money.  Just warning you.  However, in all fairness, let me add this:  those non-American guys in the kitchen definitely keep an eye on the business, so even if the kid behind the counter doesn't do you right they will probably catch it, which I'm guessing is what happened in my case and the problem was righted.Other than that, I ate the baklava and hummus the next day, and can report (being the Middle Eastern/Greek foodie that I consider myself to be) that it was delicious.  The baklava tastes homemade and is juicy and moist like it should be, and not dry like the factory made baklava is which is soooo often--well, really, most often--served.In all, I have to say that Chicago Gyros is my #1 favorite fast food Middle Eastern place in the city so far.  It shows superior flavor to all the other places--with the exception of the non-phyllo crust spanakopita--I have tried.  I will go back...just I am paying in cash next time so there isn't any dispute over what I owe.
5	Just great sandwiches!  IMO they serve the best gyros around.  Sandwiches are yummy and portions are hefty.  Salads always fresh.  It's a neighborhood gem and a quaint little place for so-much-better-than Fast Food!  Give this place a try but be sure to go when you're really hungry.  You'd be sad if you had to leave any part of your meal behind.  Go for lunch and you won't need dinner!
3	Ok after reading reviews I thought I would try it out..The person taking orders was not very friendly and could use some customer service skills and kept looking at every women that walked in like a piece of meat... ok let's get to the food...Its pretty tasty the meat was a little thinner then I liked but you got plenty of it along with frys and a side salad..over all it was good it wasn't the best I have ever had but I would stop in to have it again, I wouldn't make it a point to drive across town to do it again but if I was in the area I would.
5	Having lived in Chicago I can tell you..this place is the real deal..they even have Pizza Poofs!  I had the gyro platter.. gi-normous..very good!  I really wanted to try their baklava (it's double the size of other places)...but will have to wait until next time.  Reasonable prices, clean establishment, good customer service.  I recommend all around.
2	food was ok, but cost was also OK.... nothing amazing about it, and the atmosphere sucked, i will not be going again.
4	I came here after finding out that King Gyros is closed on Sundays.  After driving all the way from Chandler, I was not going home without some meat.  Thankfully Chicago Gyros was nearby and I remembered it had good reviews.  I had the Chicago gyro with Greek salad.  The gyro was very good.  Plenty of meet with good tzatziki sauce, tomato, and onion, wrapped in a chewy but not too heavy pita bread.  The flavor combination was just right and I devoured the whole sandwich.  I was not too impressed with the Greek salad.  For some reason, the dressing tasted a little bitter.  I also tried some of my friend's fries.  The texture was good.  Nice and fat.  Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  But somehow, I could not get enough potato taste out of it.  I'm not sure if it was their potato or their oil.  I'll just stick with the pita sandwich next time.  This place is way too far to drive to on a frequent basis, but they just opened Pita Heaven in Chandler and I think it is related.  I will try that next time.
3	I fondly remember a favorite back at school in New Haven CT that we frequented called Mamouns and this has been my comparison scale on ALL middle east / greek food that i devour down when I need my gyro fix. Here, the customer services needs work, they need to be a bit more helpful and understanding when new customers come in. Yes, I'm familiar to this style of food, but not your menu setup and I need you to walk me through it. Sorry, it was a turn off for us when pressured to order faster. We walked in and no one was here yet. But as soon as we placed our order the place seemed to fill up quite fast. (Good timing on our part)Food was just... just.. okay. A little dry, a little garlic-y, maybe this is the 'Chicago Style' ...not sure, but it was just okay in my book. Now don't get me wrong, I WILL return to give them another crack at it, as I sample a few other menu items, and will update my review as I go.
5	Kronos brand Gryros, good tzatziki and the right pita are pretty much all you need for a good gyros.  This place has it and they put the right amount of everything on it.  Who cares about great service or ambience...it's a gyros place.  In fact, it would be out of character for those types of restaurants.  (cheeseburger, cheeseburger no fries??)p.s. the kabobs are really, really good too.
5	The food is awesome! Try the Philly Pita and Fries or the chicken and rice meal with salad and pita. It is really good. The place is clean and the people super friendly.  You can't go wrong here.
4	Food is great...  However if you phone in your order make sure you are calling the right location. Arcadia is a long ways from union hills
4	This place has been a favorite of ours for years! Gyros salad is my favorite. The fries are crispy and you get plenty. I highly recommend this place.
3	This is a good place to pick up some gyros to go, or a relatively quick lunch.  Be aware that there is little seating available, maybe 20 seats at the most including a couple tables outside.  Stick with the gyros, I have tried a couple of different items, and the have all been extremely salty and overcooked.  One item that I have been told that is a chicago staple that is moderately hard to find that they have on the menu is a pizza puff
5	I have been going here for years! I love the owner, he always greets us by name! That is hard to find in a city of this size. The food is AWESOME! I mean I drive at least once a week to eat here and I don't live nearby. There are tons of other gyros places between me and this place and I will not stop at any of them. Don't get this one confused with Chicago Gyros at 59th and 101 in the FRY's shopping center. Not the same one or owners. Their food is bad, THIS one is the bomb!
5	My God do I love this place. I have a craving just for this place. I am addicted to their chicken gyros. The pita bread is always fresh and soft, the chicken always thinly sliced and succulent, and theres always plenty of fresh lettuce and tomato on there. I add feta to mine, as whats a gyro without that. Also, their Greek salad....the dressing is the best I've ever had. They boast homemade dressing and they really do make it good. Very light and fresh, slightly tangy. Just be sure to ask for it on the side...unless you like a heavily dressed salad, which I do not. Plus they give quality salad ingredients, like green leaf lettuce, big juicy tomatoes, feta, fresh bell peppers, and kalmata olives in the salads. They don't skimp like most places. Decor is very casual, nothing special. But try it once and you'll be back.
5	Yep! Very good! Gyro & chicken are very tasty! Tzatziki sauce is great!!!
4	This is my favorite gyro shop. Their lamb and beef gyros are very fresh and flavorful. You can also order souvlaki, hummus and your other favorite Mediterranean foods.
5	My name is Jill and I have a mild addiction to their steak plate. I usually come home from tempe and just grub until I can't breathe from their food. So good. great service and they know your order if you go there enough.I can't say enough great things about this place:)
5	Best Greek Salad in town!!!
5	Ordered the chicken gyro and my boyfriend ordered an original one. Must say I am not typically a Gyro person but really enjoyed my food. Tasted the original Gyro and it was great.  Everything was fresh and seasoned very well. The french fries were fantastic ans the greek salad delicious. Highly recommend this place! P.S. Don't expect top notch service.
5	I ordered a gyro & it was wonderfully prepared. The service was fast and the portions were generous. Next time I will have to remember to order a side of tzatzik sauce. Didn't have enough.
4	Yummy food! Good price.
4	We ordered take out.  The prices are reasonable and the portions were huge.  We ordered a gyro plate and the chicken shwarma.  The salad that came with the gyro plate was super fresh.  We also ordered the fried mushrooms (I can't resist fried mushrooms), and they were NOT good.  The breading was horrible and had this gritty consistency.  The mushrooms tasted off.  Note to self, stick with the gyro and chicken.  Besides the mushrooms, everything else was tasty.
4	Yes, the place is called Chicago GYROS...but I'm not going to review the gyros, because I didn't have a taste for gyros on my visit. I wanted a good Chicago hot dog, and I thought this was my best bet in Phoenix. As a born and raised Chicagoan, I must say - this ranks right up there with the best hot dogs I've had outside of Chicagoland. It took a bit of time for the food to come out, and it could have been a bit hotter, but I was here outside of the typical rush hours, so I would hope those issues would be gone during, say, the lunch rush. So, the hot dog was pretty darn good - everything tasted more or less how it should. Neon relish, peppers (which could have been spicier), pickle, mustard...and of course the poppyseed bun. The fries were average. The service was OK. The place was a bit run down but clean.
4	After paying $10 for a footlong Tuna and a drink at Subway (read the review), I was obligated to find new lunchtime stomping grounds. And I've found one. How someone is going to take points for "ambiance" in a Chicago style gyro eatery is worth my lolz. But, you're not going to a Chicgo style gyro eatery for "ambiance". You're going for good grub, and a bottomless drink cup. This place rocks for what it is. The decor is cool. I spent the vast majority of my meal staring at the posterboard sized photos of downtown Chicaga. I was lost and mezmerized at the fine details of the photos. I would bite, and stare. Bite, and stare. And there was much to bite on. This pita came STUFFED with succulent, tasty meat. I'm not a tomato fan, so I left those for those who are. My gyro was oozing sauce. I would take a bite, and while enjoying the deliciousness that permeated my over-stuffed mouth, contemplated what to do about the sauce on my fingers. KNOWING that if I dared to open my mouth, I'd be looking at the food I had just started to chew, but understanding that if I did nothing with the sauce it would drip off of my fingers into the basket. Quite the dilemma, I tell you. Bite, and stare.... Ooooh! Look! Fries! Mmmmmmm.... I was there at 11:30 on a Thursday, and it was less than crowded. Parking was no issue. All of this for less than $7. Yep. I'll take my $3, and give it to the bum on the street. Better than spent at Subway.
4	Always a good meal here.
5	Oh my Jesus, this place...if you have not been, GO! You will not be disappointed. I crave this place, it's THAT good. Their chicken gyros, are amaz-zzzing. Baklava? Homemade delicious sweetness. And their Greek salad is exactly how a Greek salad should be. I can't stop taking everyone I know here...
5	My friend Joan had her husband's birthday party catered by this joint.  All I have to say is AMAZING!!  They knocked it outta the park!  I am gluten free so I was happy that there were enough choices for me on the buffet.  I wasn't able to eat Pita but my hubs said it was good.  I did sample the hummus and Baba Ghanoush which were both spot on!  I used cukes and tomatoes to eat these amazing bites of flavor.  The earthy, smokiness of the Ghanoush was delectable and the hummus was silky and nutty.The buffet also contained basmati rice (fluffy and flavorful), Dolmas (hubs said these were okay), salad that was very tasty and filled with veggies, falafel (little bits of heaven), steak and chicken shawarma (very, very flavorful !), Pita chips (looked great but I couldn't eat them ;0(,    TzaTziKi Sauce (perfectly seasoned!!) and black olives.I've probably missed something but I have to say  that the choices were fresh and plentiful.  I was so impressed that these people have got a new customer!  Always looking for great food places and Joan said their pricing was extremely fair.If you want a great twist with compliments from your guests at your next catered event I would totally call and check this place out!  WOW! She said they were wonderful to work with and THAT is hard to find these days!
5	Probably one of the best Gyros I've had in Phoenix!  What is also great is you can order from their website, pay for it and have it ready for you when you get there!  (Great for those of us with 30 min lunches).
5	I've been going here for years! Love it! Here are my favorites:-Chicago Gyros ( of course ) :)-Chicken Gyros-Chicken Plate (yum)-Greek Salad with chicken (when your on a diet this is good dish to eat)Also, their Tzatziki sauce is delicious and so is their hummus. If you've never been, go now! You won't be disappointed.
4	Wanted gyro.Read good things so I decided to drive a bit and try them out.The gyro had lost of tasty meat and the tzatziki sauce actually has herbs in it that you can taste. Fries are very good too. Friendly service and the place is clean.I will be back.
4	Gyros and a great selection of greek food.  All kinds of hummus and apps, a great chicken plate (includes fantastic salad and very good rice).  The decor is pretty basic, but they have a couple nicely located flat screens.  Always friendly staff and fair prices.
5	The Shwarma is so damn good here! This is a great spot to grab lunch any day of the week.
5	I don't even like Greek food to be honest...That is until I had a gyro at Chicago Gyros!!The most incredible food I have ever had!!The portions are huge, and you definitely get what you pay for.Nice friendly staff, and food is delivered within 10 minutes of waiting!!
4	Food here is really good and the service is friendly and quick.  The little ol lady works in the neighborhood, so when I can join her for lunch, this is a much better alternative to McD's across the street.  Gyros are tasty and hot and fresh.  My biggest grip is that they fry their fish in the same fryer as their fries so the fries can have a hint of fish flavor on them, which isn't too bad but I don't eat seafood so it isn't too good either.  Simple and straightforward place.  You want good food at a good price and this place gives it to you.
5	Best Gyro I've had in AZ
3	good gyros, been getting gyros here for a few years now. Not the best but they are consistent and in the long run i feel like thats one of the most important parts of a food placeWould i come back? yes i have been for a year.Have i found better places? yeah, but i live too far from it to go to consistently.
3	This is difficult to give a star rating so I have to give a 3. The gyros are fantastic, as is the tzatziki but the spanikopita is horrid!!! It's like they just slapped together several pieces of filo and made it into a burrito and the spinach was extremely watery as well. They did not butter between the layers of filo to make it flakey as is should be traditionally.
5	Love the gyros. The spices are great and ingredients are super fresh. Ill definitely be back! :)
5	Just recently found this place.  Amazing Gyros.  The Gyro meat specifically is some of the best in Phoenix.  Chicken on the Greek salads also very tasty.A little bit of a hole in the wall place, but DEFINITELY worth trying!
4	Hubby and I stopped here for lunch a few days back as we were in the neighborhood. We got there just before the lunch rush (11:30ish am) so everything came out really fast.We both ordered the gyro combo. The meat was good, and generous portions of both meat and fries. The fries were really good... they were almost crispy and they had this really good taste, but didn't seem to be seasoned... My husband ordered extra tzatziki and I don't remember if they charged us for it... however, I think the bill was less of what the board said... not sure why.Well, really good. It is kind of far but we will be  back when we are in the neighborhood.
4	This place is great. Go there on the weekends. Easy to drive right passed it. Right behind Circle K. Place is very clean and has fun Chi town stuff on the walls. All the pitas are good as well as all the Chicago favorites. They also offer other fresh and healthy choices like hummus, Baba Ghanoush, etc. Owner is typically there. Friendly service. Prices are very reasonable and service is quick. Enjoy!
4	Love the Gyro and come often.  They know my order and their Gyro is perfect (I go light on the onions though).  Love the soft pita bread and the side salad is good, too (zesty dressing!).  I haven't tried anything else except the shawarma which I didn't care for, oh and the baklava (not so great, kinda soggy. mines better!).  Friendly staff and the place is nice and clean.
4	Ordered Gyro meal - Gyro is piled with tons of gyro meat, tazique & red onion. Fries come with the meal. They were also really tasty. Next time I'll sub greek salad. Husband ordered Steak Plate - This was incredible. The meat has a seasoning that you can't put your finger on. Its mouth watering. They do something to magical to the rice, its so good. Also, had a greek salad - dressing was fresh tasting, really light and lemony, which I really liked. Overall, I'm in love.
5	I discovered this place about 4 years ago.  In a non-descript strip mall behind a Shell station sits my favorite gyro shop anywhere.  Anywhere.  (I don't even live in Arizona.)I know they have other things on their menu... I stick with the tried and true, because it's so delicious - a gryo pita and fries.  Okay, the fries - I could take 'em or leave 'em... they're nothing spectacular but always fried fresh and served super hot.No... it's all about those gyros.  Perfect lamb-and-beef gyro meat, served with onions and the house tzatziki.  Cooling, refreshing house tzatziki.  All served on a thick, super soft, warm pita.  I can't emphasize enough how perfect the pitas are at Chicago Gyros.  They elevate the gyros and other sandwiches from great to fantastic.Fair prices, reasonably fast, counter service (although they'll bring your order to your table).  If I can find any criticism, it would be that I spend most of my time in Arizona in south Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Tempe, so Chicago Gyros are kind of far away.
3	good affordable gyros
4	I have driven past here countless times and have seen the little, unassuming "Gyros" sign. I did not expect to be so delighted when I finally decided to try it out! It seems kind of shabby on the outside, but the food - man oh man! I had the hummus and chicken, and the chicken was so incredibly flavorful I was blown away. My husband had the gyro meal with well done fries. Get the fries well done. I had a bite of his gyro and it was the most flavorful gyro meat I have ever had. I like the style too, where you go up to the counter and order. We will definitely go back!
3	I got the chicken shawarma plate to go. It was pretty good. They separated everything out which was nice. The way they packaged the salad was impressive. It was a pretty nice salad that wasn't skimpy like many places. Good size too.
5	Have been coming here for years and it's in our regular lunch rotation.Everything is excellent and fresh.  Our taste buds are thankful!I love the chicken and hummus, steak and hummus, and mediteranean chicken salad.  The produce is absolutely crisp, fresh and amazingly delicious.  We've tried a couple other places but keep coming back to Chicago Gyro, it never disappoints.
5	Just tried this place on a whim.  They have two locations.  ordered 1 gyro combo to share just in case it wasnt that good... needless to say we ordered another one.  Super fast... super delish, pita was soft and squishy and fresh!  Meat was full of flavor and I cannot say enough about the taziki sauce... I know I didn't spell that correctly but it was darn good.  I could have used a little bit more of it though.  Fries were super yum.. they are the beer battered or battered fries... cooked to perfection and I enjoyed them thoroughly.  They have china mist passion fruit tea... yum... and I would suggest to anyone who is a gyro fan to give them a try.  I didnt try anything else on their menu and they have  many other choices.
3	Gyros are quite good, but have gotten pricey.  Italian beef sandwiches are VERY light on the meat, definitely not worth it.  Cashier has a tip jar that isn't shared with the kitchen help.
5	Great food! Enjoy the steak and hummus. One of our favorite spots for a quick lunch.
5	Can't go wrong with the #1 Chicago Gyro with fries. Have to have it at least once a month!
4	Love the food!
5	Best gyros I've found in Phoenix, and thankfully, right around the corner.
5	Great food that came quickly and inexpensively. Combo #1, the Gyro, was awesome.  Meat and sauce were perfect.
5	I love when restaurants get it right! Chicago gyro has got it down. Great food. Clean. Friendly. Fast. Good prices. I wish I could shake the owner's hand and tell them they rock. I love that every detail of the Vienna beef Chicago dog is perfect even down to the poppy seed bun. I will be spending my money here!The only thing I don't like is the cashier I think his name is Brandon. Brandon is rude. Besides that I love this place
5	This place has great food and most importantly is very consistent - no ups and downs. The basic gyros are fantastic, but I really like the Philly gyro. The salad is good and so are the fries.
4	I've been here a few times, and they haven't disappointed me yet. Their traditional Chicago (lamb) gyros are what you expect it to taste like. The philly is delicious, and their chicken has this curry spice to it, which is decently good. I love the tzatziki sauce. Their plates are just a larger portion of the gyros with the pita on the side. I personally like all the ingredients already put together as a sandwich. The fries are typical fries. I like how it's a pretty cheap joint that hits any greek/mediterannean food craving that comes my way.
5	Excellent food!!! I can't emphasize enough how good the gyros sandwich and the french fries is (MUST TRY). The only reason I gave it 5 stars is because 10 is not optional!!!
5	DUUUUUUUUDEEE!! I thought I had found the best Greek spots, but oh boy was I in for a GREAT meal here.  I had the chicken schawarma salad, and it was great. PERFECTLY cooked chicken.  Pita was great, dressings were amazing.  I will be back as often as I can be!
5	Great food. Born and raised in Chicago this is the closest I've been able to find that comes close. Good job guys
5	These guys are really awesome.  Don't bother with Pita Jungle Corporate Pita Pimps, you want Chicago Gyro trust me.  Greasy Heaven!
1	I have been coming here for a long time- 5 years or so. Always very pleased with the quality and quality of the gyros and sauce. But today  11-25-2013 I ordered one  to go with extra sauce on the side. The  gyro was about 2/3rd the size that it use to be. My friend and I would split it and not be able to finish it.  I had no sauce on it ,the order taker was very confused. Now for taste. It was dry, tasteless, no onion and could not finish the small 1/2- In the trash it went. Maybe new owner or cook, what ever I won't be back- a real loss- I liked going to small shops but they have lost my businessI will pay the price at My Big Fat Greek for a good Gyro-
4	Tried this place for the first time by wife's request. It was better than what I thought that it would be. Gyros were good and my wife's Mediterranean salad was actually pretty good too.
5	I came here with 7 family members and we all enjoyed our meals immensely! The portions are very generous and affordable. The staff was very polite and friendly. Chicago Gyros will definitely be one of our regular restaurant stops.
4	Awesome gyros.. Gotta try the Chicago dogs next time. Fries are perfect and not greasy.
5	This place is ridic!!!!! I crave this place because it's that amazing. LOVE the chicken gyro. I do not eat lamb, but love gyros. So the fact that they have chicken gyro meat is awesome. A lot of other gyro places do not have chicken gyros, so kudos to them. The meat is always so flavorful and moist, just melts in your mouth. And their taziki sauce is by far the best out of all the places in the valley. Its always so light and creamy, with just the right amount of cucumber and dill. I always get extra to use as dipping sauce because I can't get enough. The portions are also some of the biggest out of all the other gyro places. I also love their fresh crisp Greek salad with their homemade Greek dressing. All in all this place is the best.
5	These guys are the closest thing I have had to chicago food since I moved here to the phoenix area. I really miss the Chicago places like Quickbite on Foster that have just good old fashion guys trying to make a living cooking amazing food! Chicago gyros has great gyros and chicago dogs! I stop by this place at least 2-3 times a month and really havent found a place nearly as good as this! I love the lamb meat and the fries!
3	This place wasn't the best I've had but not the worst either... Smells better than it taste coming in. The salad was pretty much flavorless to me , the chicken pita had a few big chunks of chicken and some cut up iceberg lettuce (nothing special) I would eat here again if the fam wanted to but probably not by myself or by choice.
5	Love the vegetarian plate here, their hummus trio is some of the best hummus I've had in the Phoenix area.  Service is fast and friendly.  Everyone should go here!
4	I've had the Falafel sandwich from here a couple times and I'm certainly a fan. It's a bit of a drive from my house but the food is worth the wait. Service is super helpful and friendly but once you put in an order it usually takes a while for the food to come out... I think that's a sign that they cook it fresh. When you do get your food it tastes like the the cooks took their time with it.Also the first time I ate here I ordered my food to go and I'm not sure if they were running low on tahini sauce or just rushed it or something but it was not that tasty. Only when I returned at a later date and ordered my food to dine-in did I get the real experience of a delicious well prepared Falafel sandwich. The french fries here are the best I've had at any kebab/gyro joint so I would say whatever you order make sure you get a side of tasty potatoes. I've had the hummus as well and it's got solid flavor so I would recommend that as well. Probably the best part about this restaurant is the business hours on Sunday. It's impossible to find falafel on a Sunday so for that Chicago Gyros can count on my return business.
5	The best gyro's you can buy in Phoenix!!  Customer service here is exceptional, and the food is always amazing!!
5	Came in for dinner a few nights ago.  Service was really fast.  Food was fresh and delicious.  Like other reviews say the sauce is unreal recommend asking for some extra on the side.  I got their gyro combo and will back soon for another.
4	First went here a few weeks ago, and I still feel a little guilty which is why I thought of leaving a nice review. To start off, nearly 10 minutes prior to closing, we called this place up and they were happy to take our order. My mother and I drove over there to pick up the 4 gyros all with fry sides we had ordered. Once we got home and got into our food, my mom started to make a big stammer over them forgetting to put the yogurt sauce on our gyros! She left the house to go get some and 5 minutes later, I found packages of the stuff in a separate bag we never opened up! Everything was so neatly wrapped up in the large to-go sac and as starving as we were, our stomachs did all the thinking thus we didn't go through it all! Bottom line is, they are very generous and give you everything you need! As far as the food goes, I've had better gyros before, but their fries were great!
4	This is a great, little place close to my house. I go there often. If you haven't tried it, I would highly recommend you go.
5	My kind of place for a gyro. Good portion of quality meat and fresh ingredients. The sauce is great and I just pour the whole thing on. Fries were well done and crisp. We'll be back to sample the other menu items.
5	This place has some damn good gyros! Their gyro combo is less than $10 and is very filling. The combo comes with either fries or a small Greek salad. Plus, the baklava is rich and delicious!
5	Luv luv luv this place!  I run over after I ride my horse on the weekends and get a gyro fries and greek salad which has the best dressing!   The tzatziki rocks too! Nice owners, go visit!!!
1	No more. the food was discusting. i had same meal at the same location before, no idea what change. i will never go there again ever
5	Went here for the first time for a co-workers birthday.  Food is sooooo good.  Excited to try out more items on the menu.
4	Always fresh, always tasty, made quickly.  The Pita bread is cooked to perfection.  I've had better Hummus, but there is not much to it anyway.
5	Not often that my hubby and I BOTH enjoy our dinner.  My husband is a picky eater so we don't eat out much but we will certainly be back to Chicago Gyros.  Quick service and the food was very good.
4	Food was good. Hubby had the regular gyros sandwich and I got the grilled chicken plate. The chicken was flavorful and moist. I did enjoy my meal but I left thinking that the value for the plate wasn't very good. It came with lots of rice and side salad was extra. I suggest they half the rice portion and add a small side salad and maybe the garlic sauce or hummus. Otherwise the whole thing is not worth the ten bucks. I will be back but I won't be ordering a plate again. The sandwitches are just a better deal.
5	Can you say...YUMMO! I had the Gyro combo. The french fries were so light and crunchy I almost didnt get to the Gyro. Boy am I glad I did. The pita was warm and soft and the Tzaziki sauce was spot on. I look forward to working my way through their whole menu.
5	My wife and I ordered two #1's. The Gyros were HUGE and were served with a mountain of incredibly delicious French Fries! We would both recommend this place to anyone who is craving a Gyro!
5	Awesome!!!!!!!!!!  Do I need to say more?   The best in town.  Everything is fantastic!
