3	Nice burgers, Irish beer, and the World Cup soccer is on TV - all v. good. We skip expliring the rock formations of Sedona, to get further along. The limit is 75, yay. I-5 in California needs this to prevent falling asleep at the wheel.There are plenty of Adopt a Highway signs, with a cactus giving us the finger up. Finally on the approach to Phoenix, we get to see the famous Arizona jungle-gym cactuses. 17st 16 east blah, the road signs are as confusing here as ever, but luckily you can see the skyscrapers, so you can roughly pick an exit.Phoenix is another surprise after driving through the desert, a handsome, clean city.
3	I can never quite decide how I feel about Seamus'.  On the one hand, the bar is well stocked with Irish beers on tap and all the associated "Look we're Irish!" crap, just like Rosie McCaffrey's.  From first impressions, I thought it was an iffy place trying a little too hard, but I must confess that I've spent some great nights holed up with a load of friends drinking in one of the corner booths.Prices are pretty standard, around $5 for an import pint.  The food is good and they tend to keep the kitchen open fairly late (10:30 or so).  Still, the overall impression is of a place that's uncomfortably straddling the line between bar and restaurant.  Not quite homey enough to feel like a real Irish pub and without the eccentricities of the Bikini Lounge or even Bar Bianco.  Not really close to Casey Moore's or Rula Bula in terms of Irishness.
2	The place seem to ONLY serve as a quick stop for people attending a downtown event to get a drink or two prior to the event (The Dodge Theater, Suns or Diamondbacks).  Crowds come early and leave soon there after ... some may return after the event but I wouldn't count on it.  The peeps are either sports fans and/or music fans that enjoy seeing a show sitting down in a cushy seat (i.e. The Dodge Theater).  The fish dinner is good and Brittany the waitress even better (I'm a "big fan") ... but all-in-all ... not my cup of tea.
4	I can't think of an easier bar to go to. It always has a bizarre-if-nothing-else kind of crowd and the extensive scotch list is great for an adventure. It's also a great place to bike to if you live in the hood. The bartenders remember names in a cheers-esque manner and are quick with your next drink. Also, they leave you the hell alone if you're knee deep in conversation. Minus a star because of both bathrooms smelling of a variety of bodily functions generally displeasing to the olfactory functions.
4	I have read a couple other reviews on this pub and I have to chuckle a little at some of the comments, one person even said it is not Irish enough.  Pardon me if I seem a little defensive but I have been going to this pub for years.  The person who created this pub could not be anymore Irish and even though Seamus is no longer the owner (he sold it to Frank his long time lead bartender several years ago) I can tell you it is still the same place.  I have to admit it is not uncommon for there to be a lot of patrons that are not necessarily there for the pub aspect as they are just looking for a drink before or after an event downtown.  That said the atmosphere has a lot of character being attached to a historic hotel, it has that vibe only an old building can have.  There are even some fun urban myths that go along with it.  Some people say the hotel is haunted and the pub is not immune from those rumors, just ask some of the women who have used the restroom upstairs.  For some reason I don't know of anything being said about the men's room that's right across the hall.  I have not heard anything too crazy I just think some women get themselves psyched out about the rumors before they even go up stairs.  Ultimately this is one of my favorite pubs and it's also one of the best places to be on St. Patrick's Day when they close the street off in front of the pub.  It is a surreal scene to see people partying at 8AM in the middle of the street in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  I hope to see you all there.  Slainte
3	My real complaint with this place is the set up.  Its organized far too much like a restaurant and not enough like a pub, which sucks when all you want to do is cozy up to the bar and all the stools are taken.  The beer selection is fine, pretty typical, though i haven't dabbled in their scotches.  Just not the type of place I'd want to drink fine scotch, anyway.Their smoking patio is cool if you get a sizable group together and you can complain about how dead downtown is and be irritated by the construction of Monroe 44.  I think once their highrise neighbor is established this bar will get much more lively and won't have that dreaded "am I the only person drinking in downtown" feeling that i always get there.  As mentioned on this page, its a good spot to grab and drink and go but not really a place to blow it out all night.
4	Great little (maybe I should say really little) Irish Pub with great food.If you are a Jameson Irish Whiskey fan like me, this is the place.They serve 18 year old Jameson and it is amazing.The fish and chips are really good, too.They have a good beer selection, one you would expect from an Irish pub.There are live bands that play traditional Irish music, a cozy dining room and patio tables and chairs right outside if you prefer to smoke and drink.The service has always been good and the staff is pretty friendly.Parking is a little tough sometimes since it is right downtown.Seamus' is always a great time, friendly crowds and great drinks.
3	I've just got to say .... Service (or lack thereof) can have such a huge effect on an experience and the way you forever remember that place. Last night I was at the opening night of DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE. After spending about 30 minutes at the cast party, my friends and co-workers decided to wander elsewhere for another drink (or two). A few suggestions were tossed out, ranging from sports bars to hotel bars, but I recommended Seamus McCaffrey's and held to my suggestion strongly. So off we went. The times I have been there before were fine. Great. Lovely. No complaints.Then last night we had the most grouchy waitress I have ever met in my life, both in person and created by a writer on TV or in a movie. Seriously. She was so completely unaccomodating and rude, that I don't think I will ever think of Seamus McCaffrey's the same way. Isn't it odd how one experience can affect them all? It really is a fun place to go for a drink, so please do try it out. And, there was great live music last night that I enjoyed immensely.
3	With the two restaurants closest to the Dodge Theatre not serving alcohol (you know who you are....bastards!),  finding Seamus McCaffrey's before the Margaret Cho show was like finding an EZ Bake Oven under the tree Christmas morning. Complete joy! I really don't know downtown so when we turned the corner and saw a bunch of smokers shwilling pints on the sidewalk, we ran like school girls chasing Zac Efron. Quickly and with our tongues out. We were thirsty and ready to catch a buzz before the show. Inside it was sort of narrow with a long bar on one side and scads of tables throughout. We spied an open table on the "patio" and were told we could nab that and our server would be right out. And she was. Delightful and speedy. We ordered two Stellas and a couple shots. Didn't see any food, but perused a pretty big menu. Usual fare with approachable prices. Thank you, though, Seamus, cuz the group on the "patio" was much more entertaining than Ms. Cho!
4	I don't drink... but Seamus' is an alright place in my book.  We dropped in after a DBack's game the other night, and I was seriously about to chew off my own arm I was so hungry (and nothing else was open within walking distance... at 10pm... after a baseball game...in the 5th largest city in the nation. Seriously people.).  Seamus' came through for me though - even though the kitchen was about to close and they were only serving apps... I was able to find something veg to eat - Potato Skins, sans bacon.The service was acceptable overall, but the waitress went out of her way to make sure that I was happy.  When the skins came out with bacon, she had the kitchen remake them right away.I had to knock off one of the stars because Seamus' is a little bit dirty.  Old bar dirty, not anything to be completely grossed out over... but still.Go here.  If you drink, have a pint.  Try some food (if you get there early enough).
2	Seamus is a dive hole in the wall. I have been drinking there for almost a decade. Everything is overpoured, and you can fall off a barstool here and nobody will care. I've seen fights break out, been in fights, lost wallets on the walk home, etc. That said... it's my kind of place, just crappy enough to be awesome. I don't recommend the food, but if you want to go out with friends and really tie one off this is the place!
4	Awesome wings!  They're big and meaty, cooked to our specifications of crispy and with a really good spicy/vinegary sauce.Actually I don't think I've ever had a bad meal at Seamus's.  It's not fancy, it's just a bar with a sampling of American and Irish food.Service is always good.  They have a variety of booze and beer from Ireland, as well as crap beer for lame people who would dare step foot in an Irish pub and order something that isn't a Guiness/Harp/Smithwick's.  And I've had many good times at this place over the years.
3	Great place for Happy Hour,  specially for the downtown folks.  The bartender are not frugal with the spirits when it comes to mix drink if you know what i mean.For Lunch time, I recommend the Shepard's Pie or the Fish and Chips and stay away from the Mushrooms for some reason their chef's cannot Fry this bad boys properly.
3	Run of the mill Irish bar, but with a friendly bartender and cheap shots. Most of the customers seemed pretty drunk. There are not many nighttime options in downtown Phoenix so this had to do.
4	Note: didn't eat here, only drankMy boyfriend talked my ear off about this place for like a month before we came to Phoenix.  I have to say, he talked it up just a liiittle too much.  But it is a special place for him, so I'll forgive.The place was small and not fancy---just how I like it.  Service was good---meaning I just got off a plane and wanted to get drunk fast and they made it happen. And great live music!  Carla will return.
5	Absolutely love this place.  Frank, the owner, bought the place from Seamus, who went on to start Rosie McCaffrey's.  You won't find a more authentic Irish pub in Arizona.  Plenty of choices for beer on tap, although no domestic beer on tap.  If you go, get the fish & chips or the shepherd's pie.  If Andy is tending bar, you'll be well taken care of.  Check out Andy's authentic collection of police patches around the bar area.
3	I definitely don't make special trips downtown to have a pint here anymore, but if I happen to be in the area for a night, then I will generally stop in. It's not the nicest "pub" in town, but it's cozy. The food isn't fabulous, but the wings are pretty good and as far as bar grub goes, it actually isn't bad. The staff is usually quite nice and if you happen in more than once, they seem to remember you, which is a huge plus in my book. But the best part of any visit is the people watching. There is literally a cross-section of the entire Phoenix area crammed in to this one little spot. And I love that there is absolutely not one pretentious bone in the whole place. I spent one night there on my hands and knees helping my friend find his tooth (literally it popped out like 5 times) and no one even gave us a second glance! I guess that alone should rate this place a solid 3.5 stars!!!
2	Going into this place really teleports you to an east coast bar/pubUnfortunetly the local customers are not what you expect to see in an east coast bar/pubNo obvious cops shooting the shit after a shift, frankly not a lot of people at all. Of the two bars that shared the McCaffrey name. this bar is by far the lesser of the two. From what I've heard Seamus doesn't even own this place anymore. Maybe that is part of the problem...Police patches adorn the bar..so I'm surprised to not see any police.There used to be a large collections of lepperchans, I didn't see them last time I went (pub crawl) but I did see a friend from another bar...that was cool. Other then that..i will continue to stay clear of Seamus McCaffery's.Sorry Bud. may ye luck be at anothee Baah
4	I'm going to go out on a limb here and give Seamus McCaffrey four solid stars. Given that I don't really like pubs or pub food, I think that four stars is a pretty high rating. My rating is based on three major things about the place: 1. The outdoor smoking patio with high tables is really nice if you like to smoke when you drink. It's small but certainly serves its purpose. If you don't like being around smoke, you won't agree with this reason. But you have been forewarned and you can feel free to discount my review. 2. The patrons are a really interesting mix of people. When my husband and I went for happy hour, we saw business men in suits and pony-tailed, t-shirt-clad bikers alike enjoying themselves and relaxing after a hard day at work. 3. Maybe I haven't been too enough pubs to know any better, but I really felt like this place had some heart to it--maybe not soul, but certainly heart. When we went for happy hour, I felt like I was hanging out somewhere that had personality (something I can't say about pretty much every other place I've been downtown). While fun, chic, upscale bars have their appeal, sometimes it's nice to just enjoy a beverage in the comfort of a spot that's a bit more real. Well, folks, these are my reasons. I fully accept that they may not appeal to you, but if anything I've said strikes a cord and you're looking for a chill place to hang out downtown, check Seamus McCaffrey out.
4	Buried under the wonderful Hotel San Carlos is the perpetually popular Seamus McCaffery Irish Pub. I'm not a big drinker (actually, I don't drink, but I used to) but I love going to bars. There is something about the ambiance of a good Irish bar that doesn't try to be more than that. McCaffery's has a pretty decent menu for a bar. Corned beef and cabbage and fish and chips are expected but uncommon in the downtown area which makes them welcome fare. The beer selection is excellent with tons of imports in bottles and on tap. The burgers aren't great but the tuna sandwich is killer. There is live music on the weekends usually and the crowd is pretty constant most nights.The service is terrible but it's a bar, I'm not sure what you expected.If you are looking to drown your sorrows or surround yourself with a blue collar crowd, this is the best place in town to do it. If you are looking to grab a bite to eat, the Silver Spoon next door is a safer bet for variety and service.
5	Wow, after reading mixed reviews i wasnt sure what to expect. We went here for dinner and drinks before a show at the Dodge Theatre. It was packed, but luckily we found a seat. It seemed to be understaffed for such a large crowd, but the waitress was great. The food was even better. My girl got the fish n chips and i had the shepards pie. Very conventional irish fare and a safe bet. For $8 an entree the food was amazing. The beers were cheap, tasty and always full. The atmosphere was a typical Irish pub, being loud and lively.  This place is great and will only get more crowded as soon as the light rail opens. They also have a great whiskey selection and great decorations. FYI this place is perfect before any major event downtown.
2	I have read a few reviews here and some rate this place pretty high despite their feedback on this place.  This place is probably one of the only Irish hell holes in Phoenix that resemble those nasty pubs from the ghettos back east.  Dark inside with unfriendly asshole bartenders, and the waitresses seem to run like chickens with there heads cut off when ever your in for lunch or a concert night at the dodge.The food is definitely not a love maker, I can only imagine the old cookers and fryers that produce a less than average fish and chips and stale Fries.. UUURGGHH Only reason they get two stars? There are cool bike guys that will shuttle  you to the dodge for a concert.Stay Classy!
4	We stopped here for dinner before catching the performance of HAIR at the Herberger Theater with Amanda B. and her sister. This pub / restaurant has a quaint laid back atmosphere and quite a few brews on tap Guinness, Bass , etc; I chose a pint of Smithwick's to accompany my dinner. The menu has traditional Irish fair like Corned Beef, Sheppard's Pie, as well as burgers, salads and sandwiches. I went the safe route and had a Swiss Cheese Mushroom burger which went well with the pint I ordered. I liked the fact that the burger was 1/3 pound and had a decent flavor. Seamus' has a great downtown location, half a block off the light rail. The majority of the menu is priced under $10 and quite an array of offerings so everyone should find something they like.
5	It's true, their wings are really good.  Also they have tons whiskey bottles to look at and I guess you could probably drink some of it too if you just ask.
3	this is a decent bar in downtown phoenix, but not really special in any way. it's too expensive, not irish at all (most of the music is, like, tupac and deftones and stuff), and overall just kind of boring.the food is pretty good, for sure. also, there is supposedly a ghost lady haunting the place (when you go upstairs to the bathroom you get a creeeeeEEEEEeeeeeeeeepy feeling), and sometimes you get to see some sweet fights. and once some huge creepy dude was either hitting one me or possibly going to kill me, i couldn't tell. good location, right next to san carlos, but there are better bars.
3	Wasn't in the mood for any of their Irish dishes, so I had the Beef dip sanwich, which was decent. The Au jus dipping sauce was WAY too salty. anf the fries were average. The prices were average, nothing too outrageous, but the beer selection was a little limited for my palette. There was live music, with an older gentleman singing a mix of Irish songs, Johnny Cash and Country tune all with a distinctly Willie Nelson tone. Out waitress was great! Funny, helpful and sarcastic! Decent bar food and "irish" like pub if you're downtown but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
1	just say no.this place is truly awful. too bad it's taking up valuable space on monroe.
2	This review is based on the place as a drinking establishment. I have not tried their food, but have been here twice on Saturday nights and was not impressed by either experience. The bar area is a bit tight and very loud. It's nearly impossible to have a conversation. The music is decent, though as someone else mentioned, very little of it is Irish. On my last visit, I realized the drink prices are high and the bartenders, perhaps not trustworthy. My friend had opened our tab and thorughout the night I had 2 drinks while he had 4 - that's a TOTAL of 6 drinks, all wells. After closing the tab, he came over and told me the total bill - $60!!!!  I marched up to the bar to see how that could be and found they had added 4 more drinks to the tab, as well as charging an extra 1$ per drink because we'd asked for them tall (meaning a little more soda - most places don't charge for this). The bartender did not want to go through the hassle of voiding the CC transaction and instead said he'd refund us cash. The first refund was only for 2 drinks so we went back to ask about the rest. He said "oops" and gave us a refund for the other 2. We gave up and left at that point, but there still was no refund on the added $1 for those for drinks or the total tip which was based on a $60 bill that should have been $36.   I may be venting more than reviewing now, but take heed here and review your bill before paying it!
3	I was craving an Irish Car-bomb on my birthday and this place did not disappoint. The old, drunk patron sitting at the bar did. He had THE worst BO I have ever experienced. We walked in and ordered at the bar. I thought Nico and I would just down the Car-bombs there at the bar, but could barely breathe because of this clown so we went out to the patio. I mean, how could he not know what he smells like? Oh that's right...he's drunk at an Irish bar. It was a nice day out about 4pm and there were a few folks sitting outside. We enjoyed our drinks and chatted for a bit before heading out. I've also been to Rosie's and even given our short stay at Seamus's, I'd prefer to return to Rosie's.
5	I worked here for about 3 years.  My mother actually turned on a lot of people to this bar.  The food is amazing... salty at times but the head cook has been there for over 10 years and comes up with new things all the time.  Daily specials are always fresh and just the right price.Night time is the best time to go if you are interested in having some drinks and talking to the cutest (and very talented) bartenders.  The drinks are a little pricy but what else can you expect when you're in downtown Phoenix?
3	I like this place.  It's not great, but it's not bad.  I always feel really comfortable here.  The seating situation can get really difficult if you come too late after all the downtown workers get off for the night.  The food is cheap and respectable.  I usually get the shepherds pie and I am never disappointed.  Mounds of mashed potatoes covering a rich and salty gravy loaded with beef and veggies is hard to mess up.Their fish and shrimp and chips is always a good standby.  I love how it's always so crunchy.  I live like a 3 minutes walk away from this place, so it's a good old standby.  Nothing to write home about though.  Try the Turf for a more sophisticated Irish pub experience.
4	Not bad at all.  I come here about 3-4 times a month during lunch.  Whenever I do go there my friends and I usually sit at the bar because you get a lil better service from the bar tender when you are eating lunch or having drinks.  I don't know how the service will be at the bar from now on since the bar tender has resigned as of St. Patricks day.  Will just have to go down and check it out.  Recommendations: try the Sheppards Pie or Fish and Chips.  Also on the way in check out the special of the day which is written on a chalk board outside the front door.  It usually displays items that are not on the menu.
4	I ended up here on St. Patricks Day, because I need a true Irish drinking experience on St Pats and I was told this was the best PHX had to offer. And while this ain't exactly like being in Chicago, it'll more than pass for the middle of the desert.First the annoying: cash only.  We weren't exactly prepared for this, bubt made do.  It was also a $10 cover and the drafts were all $5.  Again, I can understand that this is their big money maker and I won't hold a grudge over it.  It was still easy to get the drinks, and that's what really matters.As for the ambiance, its pretty much what I needed.  Everyone was drunk by the time we got there, and they shipped in someone to sing some dirges and drinking songs.  This made Ayesha come to the conclusion that I may be whiter than she originally thought.  I wasn't sure that was possible, but there you have it.Seamus is an Irish dive bar.  If that's what you're looking for, then more power to you and come on in.  I'd have no qualms about coming back.
3	I was totally expecting to add another star to my review after participating in the Seamus/Turf festivities for St. Paddy's day.  Definitely not the case.  I couldn't have been more pissed off.The husband and I went to the Turf around 5 to grab something to eat.  After paying a stupid 10 dollar cover charge, which included both places, we though McAffrey's would be a better choice since they block off the street every year for the party.  That did not happen this year.  The pub became more crowded than ever and we couldn't even get in.  What a waste.  I was really disappointed.  Between the Turf and McAffrey's and 40 bucks later, we only got a couple small plates of food.  BOO!
5	I take the light-rail downtown sometimes just to go here. I walked in the first time to a bustling, energetic, singing, cheering crowd and thought, "where the H am I??" I felt like I had left Phoenix and ended up in a far away magical land of wonder and excitement. Food is decent for a bar, great beer, great local music (it's the first time I saw The Waters). Downtown Phoenix needs more places like this.
4	Last night a colleague and I went to Twitter's Phoenix Friday Nights at this irish pub downtown. The location was easy to find, and for a Friday night it was a well balanced pub without too many people (as you can sometimes see in downtown bars on the weekends) but enough that it didn't look empty. It wasn't too loud but still had good activity, which made it great for a group meeting.The full bar looked impressive and a bit authentic as you'd see in Ireland. The bars on the menu were well balanced with different types that I enjoy. I order a few half and halfs Guinness/Strongbow which were really good. After awhile the food people were eating around me looked really good, so I ordered the Shepherd's Pie. I enjoy this meal at many places, so I figured I'd try it here. The waitress was very amenable and highly recommended this meal.When it arrived, the layer of potatoes was very thing and the cheese was sprinkled across the top instead of layered nicely. The meal was too hot so I had to wait quite a bit to begin eat it. When I forked into it, it was definitely tasty but thing and there wasn't a ton to it. Don't get me wrong, I liked it, but I just expected more.The wait staff was great, and since we had about a dozen people and they had to weave between us, they were great. We loved the staff. Nice people, good beer, ok food..
3	Probably my favorite Irish pub in AZ for Sunday nights because it's rather casual, with live music, and the service/food isn't bad either.  I can't comment on the busier nights here.  They pour a good pint of Guinness and it has a small, intimate feel that I miss from the Irish pubs I used to frequent in Chicago.
2	Ordered the mushroom burger, they put canned mushrooms on the burger. Gross! The patty melt was good. But it's really hard to mess up a patty melt. My salad had a bug in it.Service was nice. And they do have a yummy cider beer.
4	Good pub food is a lovely thing to have downtown, especially when Seamus is a regular after-work stopping point. My coworkers are pretty cool cats and we've been here several times after the office closes to get a few drinks. Seamus is where I had my first Irish Car Bomb. Guinness is positively delightful and I could drink it every day.The service is polite, the food is very good and the price is reasonable. I couldn't begin to tell you how much I love fish and chips. And Guinness. Maybe that should be my request for a final meal, if I'm ever put on Death Row and the prison offers such a last request.
4	Enjoyable downtown pub. I almost always stop here when I'm downtown late at night. It's an institution, for sure.
5	Why 5 stars? Well 3 stars just for being open on a Sunday night without a downtown event going on! We walked all over the stadium and arena looking for any signs of life. (I forgot how pathetic downtown is after 5pm). I remembered Seamus and hoped that it would still be open at this late hour of 8:30 in the evening. Sure enough, it was still serving beer. Yippie! And on top of that, the kitchen was still open. I ordered the Sheppard's Pie and it did not disappoint! In fact it was awesome! There were still a few patrons in there, a good mix of people, young and old. I think some old ladies complained when I put in some Dropkick Murphys on the juke box. Screw em! The song seemed appropriate. The staff was uber cool, too! Our bartender, slash owner, was really cool and talkative. The waitress that would come by to place orders would stop and chat, too. Very friendly staff.There's no doubt that this will be my new downtown spot.
4	4 stars just because I have not tried the food here yet.  This place has one of the best scotch selections in town.  Matt who was the bartender last night was very cool.  Even helped me prank a bartender at Cheurvont.  So funny..  Had a great time, and will most certainly be back..  Also, I will update with a food review once I actually eat there..  :)
3	I stopped in for a pint of cider on Friday night with some friends. This place is much less of a pub-in-a-box than some other Irish Pubs in the area and has some character to it. It wasn't packed, but was semi-filled with an interesting mix of people trying to get out for an after-work drink downtown. The wait staff was very attentive and it was a reasonable $5.50 for a pint of Stongbow cider. Seamus loses a star for having the worst bathrooms EVER! The god-awful stench as you ascend the stairs is enough to make your eyes water and pass out from holding your breath. It smells more like a sewer problem than the bathrooms themselves, but it was enough to make me think twice before bringing out-of-town guests here again.
2	Stopped in here before a Diamondbacks game, because we had just learned that the Copper Door (located a few feet away) was no longer in business.Hey, it really smelled like a bar... but it is a bar, so good job!The fish and chips were OK.  The Irish stew was OK.  The Blue Moon had a big wedge of orange, and it was great.  They had bottled Bud Light.  And the review from "suneel t." wonderfully described the patrons.
5	Five stars for the amazing two person band that played there last Saturday!  They rocked Last Dance with Mary Jane and we had an amazing waitress who brought on the shots and beers!
5	It is what it is.  A real Irish bar, reasonably priced beer and wind.  Good bar food and good talk.  I am comfortable here talking to the locals and the tourists.  If you are a bar afficionado, this is the place in Phoenix for good talk and a few drinks.
3	I came here with a coworker while in town on business Saturday night after watching the UFC fights and had a good meal.  There was a decent crowd and sat ourselves at a table near the door to people watch a bit.  Typical Irish Pub menu with really great prices.  Our waitress was nice enough but after we told her we needed a couple minutes to look over the menu - she didn't come back for like 15 lol.  We both had a Strongbow cider and the Reuben sandwich.  Both were very tasty.  The sandwich was a good size - I ate about 3/4 of the sandwich and only half my fries before I was full.  I would definitely come back here again and maybe try a Boxty dish :)
2	2nd stop off the rail pup crawl.. a little walk, nice place for regulars but they did not seem to like having a large excited group there. The server was good, the drinks were good and the price was good. The restroom stunk like old piss.
3	Shepherd's pie washed down with an icy pint of Newcastle... mmm! There was a gooey chewy layer of cheese over the potatoes and I could really taste the peas and flavoring with the meat. A side order of Irish soda bread came with it. I wasn't too into this (it was crumbly like cornbread but more dense and the flavor was practically non-existent, but maybe that's what soda bread is, I don't know) so I swapped that for some garlic bread which was actually a breadstick with some butter swiped onto one side... didn't work out for me.Like the other reviewers said and I agree, the bathroom (I only saw one M/F share) is questionable. And although the location of the pub is very close to the light rail, I still have to go all the way downtown to get there and I'm incredibly lazy, so I won't be making any special trips. There are a lot of items on the menu besides the usual Irish things, such as burgers, salads, and sandwiches. Pricing is inexpensive.
4	I'd only been there a couple of times before but they remembered my name and what I liked to drink. Pretty good in my book. I guess it's like a local bar, but downtown. I'll be back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	I was out with friends on a saturday night and we decided to check it out after going to a bunch of snooty bars in the area. I liked the casual atmosphere and the dim lighting. The only problem I had was that they did not know how to make a black and tan, which was disappointing because we were in an irish pub. I was also charged for two drinks that night when I ordered one drink and after much debate I was given a "complimentary" drink, which was not really free since I had already paid for an extra drink. But other than that, this place is good place to hang out if you are looking for a casual bar. Oh, and a friend had the chicken tenders and said they were good.
3	I stopped here just before the [Title of Show} OYE event to grab some dinner. I love an Irish pub! The location was very convenient - right downtown, just a few blocks from the theater and the light rail. I imagine if I were a visitor at staying at the San Carlos Hotel I would be regularly stopping in for at least a drink.That said I went for my usual - Fish and Chips. Original, I know. The menu indicated no newspaper - which is fine. I also ordered a draught of Four Peaks magical Kilt Lifter brew. The waiter brought the drink quickly - I had asked if there were any happy hour specials. The special was 50 cents of a draught. Not very happy, is it? So instead of $4.50 for the beer, it was $4. I think I prefer the same brew at San Felipe's in Tempe for $2.25 during happy hour....the size of the fish was good. Two filets - and by filet that is what it looked like - two Filet o' Fish from McDonalds. Just a size comparison - the taste was fine. The fries were good and I had everything I needed. But for me, it wasn't anything fantastic. If you blindfolded me, took me inside and removed the blindfold, I could be at any Irish pub in the city - or any city for that matter. The side dish of cole slaw was not very creamy, but it wasn't bad. All in all, the meal was fine, but just par for the fish & chips course.The atmosphere was a little interesting - so I didn't mind having a Kilt Lifter in an Irish pub. The tables were regular tables rather than old wooden ones found in many Irish pubs and the music playing was country...Huh? Country in an Irish pub just seemed like an odd combo. An order of fish & chips along with 2 Kilt Lifters came to just under $18. Again, a little pricey for what was provided for an otherwise average experience.
3	Stopped in, had a couple of drinks, paid and left. Nothing to get excited over, but a decent stop if you like Irish whiskey and need a fix.
4	Always there and (almost) always reliable, Seamus McCaffrey's is still my favorite place to grab a beer downtown.  Last Friday night, I convinced a couple of friends that we ought to go check out the newly burgeoning night life in downtown Phoenix, since they had both moved away in recent years.  So after being thoroughly un-wowed by the Roosevelt row area, we decided to head back to our favorite old standby, Seamus.My only complaint was an out-of-order men's room, which gets a pass for being in a known old building and for the bouncer explaining our other options politely and immediately.  After all, what's an Irish pub without a pisser?  Thankfully, still a pretty good Irish pub in this case.
3	Whiskey Cake?! Sign me up!So the cake wasn't as delicious as I wanted it to be. A bit too strong for my taste. The only reason I like Seamus is because I've always had a good time there and I think my friends played a huge part in that.They have an extensive menu of Irish food and the service has always been good for me. Some nights, there is live Irish music too. I don't really care for that because that's just one more thing I have to talk over. There is lots of seating, but don't come here on a First Friday night because it gets packed. Their chairs have taken some abuse over the years so don't be surprised to find a chair with a broken back but when its busy, take what you can get. Overall- nothing spectacular here.
4	This is exactly what an Irish pub should be; the bar is unassuming and not trendy or too upscale. It's a nice "neighborhood-type" spot, with live music, great food and bartenders who pour drinks a little heavy-handed.
4	What can I say, I love an Iris Pub.  Seamus does a good job of providing good drinks at a decent price. Seating is a little limited for really large groups - we had to take over more than one table, but the staff didn't bat an eye when 20 or so people stumbled in.Live music was good, just made it a little loud.  I love to eat there, but instead tried on a liquid diet.  I had some of the various beers they offer, but my friends tried the "Prairie Fire" which was strong enough to make my eyes water from 10 paces.  I actually think they have to have a fire extinguisher handy in case you spontaneously combust while drinking it.All in all Seamus is always a solid choice when downtown, for lunch, dinner or an evening out.
2	This place is a hole in the wall, and in this case that's not a positive. The food was nothing I'd go out of my way to have again if I'm ever in town again. To top it all off, the sole server the night of my was very rude. She complained a lot about having to deal with a large group (despite the fact that it also probably meant a large tip), as well as a number of other things. I'm sorry we ruined her night by bringing in a bunch of business on what was an otherwise slow night. Food was nothing special.
4	Good lunch here today.  Service was good, food came out quick and was tasty.  Worked with our substitutions with no complaints..We'll be back.
3	This is a neat little place that looked pretty full on a Friday night because most of the patrons were jammed up top the bar area. Otherwise, it was only about 1/4 full. I was wondering why there wasn't a couple of guitar players or something on the small stage but then I realized I would have not been able to hear people talk. Friendly, unpretentious patrons all around us! I think if I lived downtown, I would come to this place regularly. My guess is that it has a pretty good happy hour crown during the week.
4	Friendly staff, plenty of options behind the bar and decent food for the price. I had the "boxty."
3	Great location, good beer and liquor selections, prices on the higher side, mixed service, lame food.  I've met up with friends downtown at this location several times.  The Irish in me is drawn to these watering holes faster than an Arizona Republican is drawn to a pro-S.B.1070 rally.  I want to like this place more than I do...  Maybe it's the higher prices and lack of any sort of happy hour that provides good deals.  Maybe it's the fact that the rubin I ordered looked like one of those sandwiches mom packed in my lunch box stuffed in a ziplock bag back in 3rd grade - and didn't seem to taste much better...  Or maybe it's just the fact that with all of the other great places there are to eat and drink downtown, Seamus didn't get the memo.  Bottom line, stop in for a beer if you're in the area but look elsewhere for deals and good food.
1	Went here for lunch, was super excited about getting into some Irish cuisine, but left with my hopes and dreams shattered.I started off the evening with a delicious and refreshing tall glass of the one and only Guiness beer, off the tap of course.  It was amazing as usual.  5 stars.Next I ordered a shepard's pie, which I'd actually been craving for quite some time.  When it came to me I knew there was going to be some problems.  It was tiny, and looked like something I could whip up in my kitchen in no more than 5 min.  And I guess that's all they did in the back of the bar, with little to no effort, it tasted as much.  Minus one star.I was still hungry, so I decided to order another meal figuring it was still early and I could just eat the leftovers for dinner.  I elected the corned beef and cabbage.  5 min later I received an impostor.  This was no corned beef I've ever seen.  It was instead a shaved meat that tasted kinda like it, with obviously CANNED potatoes, surrounded with an abundance of cabbage and now I'm upset.  Minus two stars.This is a PUB, NOT A RESTAURANT.  Guiness was great, food sucked big time.
2	I wanted to like this place, it has a lot going for it.-awesome location-perfect ambience-spot on decor-good standard irish pub beers on tapbut sadly prices were a little high, and our bar tender wasnt very attentivea smithwicks and a newcastle set me back $11 + tipthis was during happy hour no lesspffffffweak
4	Had a great happy hour there. Staff are very nice and helpful. This place attracts good people. Shepard's pie is delicious, so is their fish and chips.
4	Picked up boyfriend from the airport, so wanted to take him downtown to go to some local pubs. Pretty cool place with lots of seating and friendly-ish people. It was relatively crowded when we came, which was around 11:30 or midnight on a friday, and it looked like they were still serving food ( they actually had a decent menu). Drinks were on the pricier side,  especially for a cocktail. We got the recommendation from a restaurant owner who said it was better then Rose & Crown, which we were looking for. They had a live band that was playing,that was kinda coolIt wasn't too hard to find, because the place next door had strobe lights and loud electronic thumping music and the pub was next more and much more quiet. Good thing bc the music next door was as cheesy as the douchey guys standing in the patio smoking, so we prob would've left
3	Decent Irish pub in downtown Phoenix...nothing exceptional about it, but good place to have a beer with friends!
4	Four stars because I have never left disappointed. Sure there are things the management could do better, it could be nicer inside, the appetizers could be a tad more appealing, and the wait staff could be a bit better at remembering things, but that's not why you come here.The location is perfect, it's close to most everything downtown - the drinks are cheap to reasonably priced (you won't get nickle and dimed here), and the bartenders are great to talk to. They have a great selection of whiskey and scotch, and must better prices than other downtown bars (I'm looking at you Hanny's)!
4	This place has Powers...and they aren't magical. They have actual Powers which is rare to see now-a-days . This is probably because Powers makes magic happen (or the precise opposite,  more likely.) More likely jail time in Louisiana but that is a special story...They have good Guinness, good outside tables, and a magnificent whiskey selection if you have that kind of money. I am definitely a fan :)
4	This Irish Pub is one of the best in the Phoenix, AZ area.  The bar staff is friendly and the atmosphere is really good.  Along the bar they have patches from different law enforcement agencies.  Because of the downtown location, there are often meetings and conferences for law enforcement agencies.  They donate a patch to this bar.  I have seen patches from all over the country, including federal agencies.    The food is typical bar fare, with an Irish theme (go figure).  Some of the food is delicious, like the burger.  However, the Cobb salad leaves in a little to be to be desired. Overall this is one of my favorite pubs in the Phoenix area.  I would recommend it to anyone.
4	A great location for meet-ups before heading over the Dodge (ok ok, Comerica) Theater.  Good solid bar food, good service and a good choice of beverages.I was particularly pleased that my wife and I were able to share a meal and they had no problems splitting it for us without making a big deal.  For this they get four stars in my book!Enjoy!
3	I've only been here once. Took a date here. Heard good things from others but I wasn't too impressed. It a dive. Which is okay but i was expecting a bit more. So putting it in the "dive" category, drinks are cheap, food was good. But the service could have been better. I wouldn't make the drive from my side of town one a regular basis but I'd definitely try it again if i happen to be downtown for a game or something.
4	Pretty cool place, easy to get to downtown, food is pretty good, irish atmosphere... i like it... not a lengthy review but it is a good place
3	Not a bad spot, open late and had good beer available.
2	The atmosphere is faux irish pub. The beers are slightly overpriced. All this could be forgiven if not for the terrible service. The waitresses were rude. Apparently serving customers was not part of their job description. Requests for service were repeatedly ignored and this cannot be blamed on a full crowd because the bar was half full at best.  Choose another spot for a truly friendly irish pub where the beers are cheap and everyone has to sing a song :)
4	I like this place. I came here for a few drinks as part of a Light Rail pub crawl/birthday night out and a good time was had by all! I was a little surprised that this place was legitimately an Irish dive bar (not that I'm an expert on Irish dive bars). For some reason I had this idea in my head that this was gonna be one of these places that calls itself "Irish" and a "dive," but is actually kind of "cheesy." I don't know why I thought this (location maybe?), but I just did. Anywho, there's not much to say about the place. There's live music, which I like. There's a small patio for smokers, which is nice for them. The bartenders & drink prices are decent enough. Me and another friend did try and order food, but it was after midnight and the kitchen was closed. I won't knock them for this, since most bar/restaurants close there kitchens early. When I'm back in Phoenix I wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
3	Solid 3.5 StarsI've been here more times than I can count, but not as many times as I have gone to Seamus' brother bar, The Turf.   I have eaten and been a slight bit tipsy at both places.  What I am not fond of here is the bottle neck at the bar area....try getting in and out of here on even a semi busy night...and unless you are sitting at a table or find a spot to order at the bar you shall remain drinkless.  Thus I prefer this place after work during the week and I tend to avoid super busy nights like First Fridays or St Patricks.  [I lie I enjoyed the trolly they had set up to take patrons back and forth last year between Turf and Seamus for St Patties].The food is good but not great. The beer is cold and when you have a seat (at the bar or table) the service is usually good.
2	Seamus is quick sort of, easy sort of, and its not bad. There always seems to be a group of douche bags at the entry that might be security, might just be guys who are friends with the bar staff. Either way in three trips, they were always there and annoying as hell. The food is...meh (to quote my rating). I had the Chicken Parmesan, I am pretty sure it was Chicken tenders. Either way it was not anything special. Not a bad place to go to before going to a game or show. It won't be as busy as the spots right down town. If it is busy though, don't wait. You'll only get angry that you waited.
1	I can't decide which is worse...the food or the service. Actually, yes I can. The service bites big time. For a table of eight, you'd think you might wanna check back once, maybe even twice. Or at least make eye contact for Pete's sake! As for the food, the Shepherd's pie is a big No! How can you mess up Shepherd's pie? It was similar to Sloppy Joes or Hamburger Helper? Hey, maybe it's Sloppy Joe Hamburger Helper???The Chicken Boxty was not bad with big chunks of bell pepper-yum-but I think I detected a tinny flavor to the chicken. I wonder if they buy Chicken-in-a-Can @ Costco. Seriously??? The waitress STILL is not back!Okay, I've simmered down since I originally drafted this. The service did suck, the food was okay, but what do we expect from a pseudo Irish bar, anyhow? :)
4	Seamus is a cool little Irish bar right in the middle of all the downtown action! We come here often bc A.) they have good food and an INCREDIBLE scotch/whiskey collection, B.) bc there are not many other bars right downtown... C.) It's the only bar I can come to on a Thursday night after my soccer game and get a cold pintdid i mention the scotch collection? I LOVE SCOTCH! The bartenders and servers are all very friendly, and this bar just has a nice neighborly feel to it
3	This is my go-to "no thought/effort required" bar choice when in Downtown Proper. It never fails - no matter what I happen to be downtown for, dinner at Hanny's, a sports event, a LR adventure, a night at PHX Art (if I'm driving, it's not walking distance from the museum) - and we need a place to have a few beers or cocktails before or after, Seamus is easy and effortless. It's never a destination, but it always gets a visit. Here's why:The bartenders are always friendly and efficientPrices are reasonableGood draught beer selectionSeating is usually availableAtmosphere is lively and suitable for one-on-one or group situationsThere's a jukeboxThere's food, and it's also reasonably priced for its qualityThere's a small patio for the smokers out frontIt's walking distance to most downtown hot spotsThere's something to be said for having a Seamus in your pocket when you just want a no-frills pub drink in a friendly atmosphere. It's hard to explain but this place really creates that laid-back old tavern/pub feeling that so many (SO MANY) bars try to reproduce and end up just being another generic bar. I think Christine O. says it best in her review: this place has heart and personality.
4	While rockin' the 2011 Comicon experience, you can work up quite a hunger.  We decided to get out of the convention center for a bit, and ended up wandering over to Seamus McCaffrey's for a beer with out lunch.I had a grilled cheese with bacon and tomato, which was the perfect compromise between the grilled cheese and BLT that I was craving.  Kevin had the beef stew, served with fresh soda bread.  Both meals were tasty and filling, and paired with a Kilt Lifter, the perfect lunch.  The music was at the right level for the crowd, the service was fast and friendly, and there were a few TV's showing Football (Soccer) but not too many to be distracting or annoying.
4	I would move back to the oppressive heat of Phoenix for some of Seamus' vegetable boxty.  Delicious. I have loved everything I have ever ordered here.  The french fries are pure perfection.  Everyone is super friendly and they have a great beer and whiskey selection. They open early for football games (not the American kind)--or they used to and the company at that hour makes for an interesting time indeed.
5	visiting from San Diego and thought we should stop in. Food was great and authentic irish (is that an oxymoron). The waitress did fudge up the order of beers but I like all beers so the problem wasn't really a problem after-all. It's location right around the ball park made it super convenient. We will definitely be back for a weekend night sometime in the near future.
5	Seamus McCaffrey's is always a good bet for good food and drink.  From the food menu, you need to stick with the Irish traditional dishes for the best food.The boxtys, corn beef and cabbage and shepherd's pie are some of my favorites...with a Guinness, of course.
3	I get to come here often because it's my husband's favorite bar here in AZ. I guess it's the Irish in him! Don't get me wrong. I like Seamus'. Never had a bad time here by any means. It's a dive in downtown. Has that older (though a bit musty feel). I love all the trinkets at the bar and pictures on the wall. Obviously Seamus could use some new tables, bathrooms and carpet, but I don't expect this place to snazz up and become something it isn't. I find sitting at the bar to be the most fun area here. Beers on tap are cold, they pour a Guinness right, have wine, and have large pours on hard liquor. Small patio out front can certainly be fun for some people watching! Sometimes they have live music, which certainly peps the place up. There is always an upbeat feel here. A vibe of people having fun. Varied crowd and I have always felt safe and comfortable. Be careful if you use the restrooms upstairs. The stairs are rickety, steep and I tend to feel like the toilet is going to fall through the floor. It hasn't yet! (knock on the wood the bar is made of). Diverse menu with decent food. Always friendly service. Certainly not a place I would ever turn down going to. Just not my #1 pick for a night out. More like my #10. :) Cheers!
4	As I walked into Seamus McCaffrey's, I felt like I was in a serious downtown. If I hadn't known better, I could have said I was in a Chicago or San Francisco. This bar was jumping with locals, live music bounced off the walls and character filled the room. The bar is divey, it's cozy, it's dark and it's awesome. The drinks are cheap, the patrons are awesome and there's plenty of seating. Downtown Phoenix could use about 15 more types of these bars. I visited Seam McCaffrey's after a Diamondbacks game and it was so cool to see Downtown Phoenix alive and bustling on a Friday night. This bar is like a little taste of what the entire Downtown Phoenix area could be like if we took every bar and restaurant filled with character like this and placed them on the same block. Having just got back from Chicago, this bar definitely reminded me of the character the Chicago bars have and it really made my night to see it! So bottoms up Seamus McCaffrey's! You make Phoenix proud!
4	So, it's your typical Irish style pub, dark, dank, loud w/plenty of seating in a side section, and typical long straight bar stools.  The locals made it interesting and fun, I was able to witness some shennanigans one night that was rather comical (see below). the outdoor seating is minimal, but supports a crowd of 15 or so, with mist gently falling from overhead water spouts to keep you cool(er). The staff was great, the bartending on point and the bouncer was able to diffuse a potentially ugly situation. Overall it's one of the best and most hoppin' spots in downtown.  Decent pub style food, large portions, good prices? What more do you need? Oh yeah, brew selection. Good pints w/local flavors on tap, bottles, full hard liquor selection too. A good spot/loction for a few pints if in downtown AZ, PS SO, sitting outside enjoying a few brews on the solo tip 11pm ish? Three younger shaved headed guys, seriously vocal, decide they need to start chanting F#*K the IRISH, in the pub. The bouncer proceeds to get them out into the street where I witnessed some KnuckleHeadedNess I have not viewed since my college days. One dude says, you know hat time it is? Shirts off! (wishing I had a camera in hand) Then they proceed to scream PUNCH ME! Punch Me!! After 3 or 4 shots it was over, but the whole build up and theatrical show was worth the wait. And the shining knights of young male testostorone jumped into a taxi, off into the night.I was told by the bouncer this is unusual, but like plenty of drinking spots, there's always the potential, it's how you handle it, and he deserves and A+ and maybe a shiny gold star.
5	Awesome pub, went there before the Dbacks game, good food and drink for good prices. Recommend this over most the bars around there.
1	ate a salad here and half a turkey sandwich.  later became violently ill, will never eat here again!
5	The Food? Only if you have to.The Bathroom?  Only if you have to.  So why the five stars?  Because it does what it's supposed to extremely well.  The second I walk in I hear "hey Dante" from the bartender as he pours me a Guinness.  Can you say that about a bar in town?  I can sit with friends on the patio and people watch.  You'll likely hear Bob Barker or see Cliff.  You'll notice the alley or like to call it "narnia" for the fact that no one who walks down it ever walks out as the same person.  You can sit on the patio of Seamus and judge the people at Ghost Lounge.  You see life walking around and can do it with a cigarette in one hand and beer in the other.
3	I've only been 1 time an it was for St Patricks Day. It was cool. It could have been much worse.I liked the Irish band that was on and love all the people doing the jig!
2	Kind of a forgettable experience as far as Irish pubs go. I don't remember much about it. Bland at best...
4	Okay, this place is killer. This place has great beer, great wait staff, cool atmosphere, and kick back to hang out at. The corn beef and hash was great, and they know how to make a black and tan right! LOVE it! The place is jammed packed on St Paddy's Day, so that tells you something!
2	If you're into dive bars/Irish pubs, you'll love Seamus'.I'm not. I went with a few friends after the Rattlers game, and yeah .. not my scene. But the guys I was with that LOVE that sort of thing, rave about this place.
3	Had lunch here while in town for work, and later stopped back for a beer.  Food was average bar food, though they do that portion the ketchup thing (rather than have bottles at the table, or brought to the table, they bring out portions in little cups) which I think is silly.  My teriyaki chicken sandwich was just so-s0, but not bad.  There were like 6 people in the whole place, but the service was not all that attentive.  There was some good gossip happening as you could see all the staff clustered together chatting during our entire meal.  Later, the place was much busier, but the service at the bar - just to drink beer - was no better.  I'd go back, but I'd look for someplace as an alternative first.
2	6th stop of the dine around. Group rated it at 1, I'm bumping it up since I really didn't think it was that bad, just not our type of place. We came in and were told to seat ourselves, and just ordered the shepherd's pie. Our friend who ordered it was not a fan, but I didn't think it was bad. I'd never had shepherd's pie (a lot of firsts happened for me today), but it didn't resemble anything I was expecting. I actually thought it was pretty goodThough it looks like this place is pretty divey, but a good place to come watch a game or hang out with your buddies
5	Fish-and-Chips! Fish-and-Chips! GET THEM! Seriously, I'm normally fairly picky about my fish'n chips. For instance - chips are not french-fries, and they have to have some thickness about them or they're just two-faced potatoes. McCaffrey's has a great chip on their hands.Fish is always cooked great - never too batter-y or greasy, and is never a disappointment! Lemon & malt vinegar, and you are GOOD TO GO!I can't really give much pointers on anything else food-wise, 'cause I never cheat on good fish- but mum really likes their burgers.Bathroom is okay. It's up the stairs, which I thought was moderately different, but it wasn't gnarly or anything - that may have something to do with the fact it is frequented by females, not males.I've never had an issue with service, but I wonder if it's because they know me and mum by name (she works at the Chase Tower). We generally have the same waitress, though I've been horrible at remembering her name. The decor is slightly normal I think for an Irish pub in Phoenix, and it's fairly dark. Don't go in with your head shoved up your... you know. It's a dive-y sort of place, so if you're expecting pristine parlour nonsense you may not enjoy it as much as a Bostonian who misses Irish pubs from back east.
2	Just ah. I'm not sure why some are raving about the fish and chips. I'm not expecting the quality of fish and chips I experienced in Ireland but I've been to pubs state-side who can do it a lot better than Sesamus McCaffrey's. The breading is very heavy and oily. You can tell they either came out of a bag and fried or a very heavy hand was used with a flour-based bredding. Beer batter makes for a lighter, crispier batter which is a fish and chips signature, and this dish doesn't fit the bill. The potatoe skins wern't much better. Tasted out of a bag with some cheese and bacon bits (not real bacon pieces) thrown on top with a side of sour cream.The tables felt really crowded together. The person's chair behind me was touching mine which made dinner awkward. Either the chairs were very low or the tables were high because I felt like I was sitting very low in relation to the table. I will give them credit for a very nice server and having some local beers on tap. I would say skip the food and come here for a few beers.
5	We stopped here after getting a hotel in Downtown Phoenix. The bartender was very friendly and guided us on choosing a scotch from their extensive menu. I had an Ardbeg, and at $8 it wasn't a horrible price. Beers were good - I had a couple pints of some local Arizona beer as well.This is truly a hole in the wall type place and is very comfortable. Vintage looking but not run down at all. Great service and welcoming environment. Plus, they actually enforce the no smoking inside which is great!I would rate at 4.5 stars given the slightly expensive price, but I'll round to 5 just because Arizona is awesome.
4	Ive only ever been here for drinks, but its always been a good time.Great selection of beer and libations.And im still waiting to see the Seamus ghost....
4	Awesome Irish pub. Great pub food and pub atmosphere. Very reasonable prices.
2	Main course was great app was bad... The manager was not very interested in my opinion on app. Her comment was "well that's how we make them here. "
4	Seamus was just one stop on my birthday pub crawl.  They play live Irish music, which I really enjoyed!  Very festive.   Our server was pretty nice and attentive.  I think the drinks were good, but to be quite honest, I don't really remember that much!  But we did spend a pretty long time there, so that says something!
4	Great little bar down town. They get oddly crazy busy just about every night of the week. I love living down town! Their kitchen stays open late, midnight I think, they have great beers and cocktails, its a scotch drinkers dream, I couldn't even count then number of single malts they had up there behind the bar. I dragged the boyfriend in a few months ago and he is in heaven!I love the down town feel for this whole in the wall-ish bar that has been around forever it seems. Might be fun to have a few drinks then wonder over to the San Carlos hotel and get spooked. haha :-)
4	We had a chance to stop in while "killing some time" between a wedding and a reception. It was midday, so we had the bar almost to ourselves and the most awesome bartender. She took great care of us, fixing up some tasty drinks and serving some delicious bar food. I'm sure this place is hopping in the evening and I can see why! If you like great Irish fare, try this place out!
5	I go there often. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Great beers & usually great service
4	We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Orpheum Theater. It was busy but that was to be expected. The service was good, the food was good, not stellar but certainly not bad, they did have the Bushmill's girls walking around with free shots which was a big plus. They also had strong bow cider on tap. This is pure WIN in my opinion.Pros: Good FoodGood ServiceFun environmentCons:Obnoxious drunks (to be expected at almost any bar)Parking SUCKS but its down town what do you expect.
4	Fun little place. Hard to find parking so I like to take the trolley train thing (whatever it is called) to downtown. When we went, there were groups that were trying to get us to take their bus to go on a loop or to other locations (free of charge but a tip for the driver). We ran into a group that was doing a mustache party so it was awkward to be drinking next to someone with a Hitler stache. It was a mixture of rowdy bar-hopping groups and quiet little pockets in the bar where you could sit and talk if needed. Standard selection of Irish beers.
5	Love this place.. Now that some of the old bartenders are gone its great.. I always leave much more hammered than when I got there.. good thing I can walk home..
3	certainly fits the description of a "dive bar."  although, that's not entirely a bad thing.  I used to avoid this place because the service was horrible, but lately it has improved greatly.  fun place to hang out for happy hour.  Plus the Irish food is pretty good too (try the Sheppard's pie).
4	Great bar with awesome music and food. Service and food were pretty fast. We went right after a D-Backs game and even though it was busy it was really good.
5	Awesome bar! One of the first bars I actually went to after turning 21 and now I constantly wanna go back. No matter what kind of mood I'm in I always feel comfortable and relaxed once I'm there. They play good music and at a decent volume so I don't have to shout at the person sitting next to me. Some nights they have specials like $2 shots and what not. Love going to Seamus with my friends, sitting in my usual seat, and hanging out for a good hour or five. I like that it's not crowded with a bunch of woo girls but is a much more mellow place.
4	Classic Irish bar in DTN Phx. I love Seamus because it just feels good walking in the doors. I've been her a few times and have enjoyed each experience. Good times!  On our last firm her I had the cajun chicken sandwich and my buddy had the classic corn beef. Both good but I have to admit that the I was jealous I didn't choose the corn beef. I'll be sure to have this on my next trip to Seamus!!!!
5	Came here on a Friday night after a bike ride. As an Irish bar, there is a lot of whiskey on the wall, but they can make whatever you need. The food was a hell of a lot better than I thought it was going to be. On the encouragement of the bouncer, I ordered the wings which were meaty but I've had better. What I should have gotten was the shepards pie. 2 of my friends got it, and it was VERY good. I'm going to go back, just get it on my own. Lastly, this place dishes out cheap, strong drinks. Good place to get sauced before hitting a club.
4	Seamus is there for every occassion in your life.  Maybe it's St. Patrick's Day and you are hankering for some corned beef and a guinness - GO!  Maybe you're watching a show at Orpheum - GO!  Maybe you go for a run every Thursday with your friends and are super sweaty and thirsty - GO! (and join our run club, don't be a fool and run alone).  Seamus McCaffrey's is an old, long and narrow bar (just like the Philadelphia bars I've come to love so much) that has strangely cozy dorm-room furniture.  Be warned: it is definitely a local bar.  If you went to high school here, expect to see a fellow grad.
4	Somewhat of a dive but perfect for late nights after hitting downtown. Careful for the death trap to and from the bathroom, those stairs have taken down many a drunk.
4	Classic Irish Bar. The drinks aren't as stiff as I'd like, but well worth a visit. There are a lot of regulars that lay claim to the bar so you might get stuck with a table.
4	Stayed at the hotel above the bar, so it was super convenient.  Prices were decent, bartenders were friendly, and food was typical bar food.  Had a great night, so this gets 4 stars instead of an average 3.
2	Hey just FYI, try the potato skins, nasty made with imitation bacobits! Frozen potato skins as well. Other food was predictable.good price.
4	If this place were closer to my side of town it would be my usual spot. I'm a sucker for pubs, and this place has it going on.So you like a chill spot... boom they got itSo you like cheap drinks.. boom they got itSo you like friendly people... boom they got itThe only thing that I saw that could be complained about... the bathrooms lol. Seriously dive/irish pub bars are known for really REALLY drunk people (not saying that what I saw here, just saying in general) and those stairs up to the bathroom and down to come back have to have had at least a small army of boozers piled at the bottom at one time... those things just look like a bad time is about to happen. But other than that Its a great place exactly what you would expect from a irish pub.. and I might be in love
5	This is a great Irish Pub, food is good, service is excellent and moderately priced. If you like a late dinner this is the spot for you. People are very friendly, environment is safe and I highly recommend this Pub.
2	Slow and unfriendly service.  Food is so so. Took 20 minutes just to get drinks.
4	I used to love this place when I lived down the street. I don't make it back too often these days, but I do remember some good times. Their food is consistent Irish Pub fare. It's most fun when they have a live band playing which brings out more of a bar crowd.
4	Who would have known there's a good Irish pub in the desert!After my original flight got delayed, I finally arrived in PHX at 8pm. Hungry and slightly pissed that I lost a whole day of my vacation, I vowed to make a night out of it (at least not go straight to my place of lodging). Downtown Phoenix is a maze, not in a good way. Between the one way street, the split lane (due to light rail track) and limited parking, we finally parked at the Chase Tower parking garage (ended up being $6) and walked toward lights and sound. I saw this place came with high marks on yelp, so while it wasn't topical for my desert vacation, I can't really say no to a good Irish pub.  First impression, great door/security guy.  He checked our IDs, introduced himself and the place (kitchen opens til midnight, drinks til 2am), and said let him know if we need a cab.  We sat ourselves, ordered a pint each ($5.50 for imperial pint, I had Smithwicks Irish ale) and wings and chips and gravy.  I asked for the gravy to come on the side, so I don't know if its normally drenched in it, but even if it is you won't mind, because that's AWESOME gravy!  A small hint of curry, savory, I would have licked the bowl (wait... I did lick the bowl).  Wings were ok, a little too saucy. And the medium has quite a kick.  Service was ok, waitress was a little absent at times but I was in no hurry. My favorite part of the night was the live music. It's always nice to have an Irish band in an Irish pub. I don't know if it is typical of them to have an Irish live band, but I hope they do.  Solid joint even for a visitor who wasn't expecting a St Paddys take two.
3	Low key establishment.  Its consistent so you usually know what you're in for.  Bar tenders are pretty cool - its the same hard working and nice young guys every time I go there (weekends).
1	This is just another trash bar in downtown. The service was so bad we did not even get past the first drink. Not only was the place dirty it smelled the way it looked. We decided to have a beer and play darts but, that was a mistake. They give us 6 of the same yellow darts which fall apart in your hand and act as though they are a gold. I went up to explain that we needed another dart cause they are falling apart one of the tips bounced somewhere in the bar. I was told not only am I not getting another dart but if I don't find the tip, I'm not getting my drivers license back. We immediately handed the darts back, demanded the license and left. There are much better places to spend your money.
1	The worse "Steak &Guinness Stout Boxty" -SUPER SALTY!The service, not attentive and outright dismissive.Absolutely not a place to come back if you are trying to get a decent meal. AVOID IT IF YOU CAN!
4	I work only a block or two away from Seamus and it is a great place to drink and eat after work. Beers are reasonably priced along with its food selection. If your a fan of Irish food I totally recommend their corned beef and cabbage, its outstanding with real soda bread to boot.The only thing to avoid at Seamus is their fried appetizers, they have no taste. Service was quite prompt and friendly. Overall, a great place to hang out after work for a beer and a bite.
3	Good pub.Been here a few times and always seem to meet interesting people for some reason.Lucky me.Good times.
5	My friends and I had a great time here!   We stopped in for dinner and drinks because we were staying next do at the San Carlos Hotel.   The food was great!   I had the Patty melt and my friend had fish and chips.  They were delish!   The waitstaff was super helpful and friendly.  There was life music in the pub/restaurant too.
5	Maybe there is better, but after a long work week it was nice to go have a drink with some good people.  The service was quick and attentive and the waitress even informed us that happy hour was ending to see if we wanted to get one last drink order in.  Will definitely be back!  Black and Tan how I love you!.
5	Seamus is fun. When I lived in Phoenix I went there all the time.
5	Love the salads.
5	Ignore my previous review, I take it all back! Seamus is now one of my regular spots and I can't believe I ever thought less of this little corner of heaven, forgive me father for I have sinned.
1	upon entry it is immediately evident this is a 'pee anywhere' establishment, complete w/ pee pee scented pint glasses. stay away from the black & yellow.
4	Beth is the bomb-ass blonde whose Harlem-shake brings all the boys to the McCaffrey's yard. She serves booze, food and Weapons Grade sass. She also juggles chainsaws with her feet while doing prolonged handstands in a mini skirt. Dinner and a show?? What a deal!!!
4	Great little dive bar in a fun and convenient location to any downtown events!The food was pretty tasty, even if we only tried the happy hour fare...wings are similar to the ones at the "owl" establishment.  Very bready...maybe too bready, but the sauce is super tasty!Great selection of beers, too.  It's a pretty cozy and fun place.
3	This is the rowdy, no-holds-barred version of Rosie McCaffrey's. With a small bar, and a tiny stage, it's easily packed to the brim, with raucous customers slamming Irish Car Bombs to the beat of an Irish jig. Nothing about the beer/liquor selection catches my eyes. The food is just plain old pub food. What it DOES deliver on is atmosphere, so if you're looking for that St. Patty's day vibe year-round, this is right up your alley.
5	Great Fish and Chips.  Nothing better than haven them with a Pint of Guiness and a couple of fingers of Jamesons.
4	BEST SHEPHERD'S PIE I'VE EVER HAD!Service was slow because there was just one waiter to serve the full house. He was so nice, I felt bad for him! We will definitely be returning, great environment, they don't skimp on the alcohol, and I now have a constant aching for the shepherd's pie!
3	You can eat and drink as Irish as you please -or not, here.  A diverse menu, fresh, tasty food, good service.  A classy bar, a great place for St. Paddy's day or Cinco de Mayo.
4	This is a fun place to have a drink almost any night.  There is a very friendly vibe here.  It's not the kind of place you want to go if you are feeling antisocial.  And it's not the kind of place to go if you want to get rowdy.  I strongly disagree with the other review that said it's a rowdy crowd.  It's very friendly, open, and outgoing.  But "rowdy" would make it sound aggressive or violent, and I've never felt that vibe here.If you sit outside or at the bar, you're going to end up chatting with people sitting next to you.  The staff is friendly, and usually pretty quick.  And the bartenders are always helpful, and willing to let you order things that other places might give you a hard time about (black and tan that's heavy on the black, or a mixed drink with any special instruction).The bouncer is the coolest guy, but will not put up with anyone giving the staff or other customers a hard time.  If it weren't for him, I could see this place being rowdy.  He sort of sets the feel for the place, and does a great job.  It's not like he's never had to throw someone out, but he does and will the instant someone seems disruptive.The live bands are usually good.  And when there isn't a band, the jukebox has a very wide range of music.  If you don't like what's playing, give it 5 minutes and you probably will like the next song.And I've never had anything to eat here that I didn't think was great.The thing I can think of that might be negative is parking.  But that's true of most places downtown Phoenix, so it doesn't really count against them.
1	Beware how much $$$ you give the bartender, likes to shortchange ya! Never that drunk that I don't know how much I am due back :(
4	A great place to grab a beer in Downtown. I've never had the food but I do enjoy a pint at the bar whenever I'm walking down in the area.
5	Love this place! Great bartenders, staff and great drinks. This place actually has character and the crowd is pretty fun- we made some great bar friends while we were here (the inexpensive drinks and beer concoctions helped in this friendship, no doubt).It was pretty mellow when we came early in the night before a show we were heading to at the US Airways Center. The bartender was great- even gave us his personalized mini-map of the area with all his bar recommendations. Very cool! We came back after the show and it was rammed, but the staff was still friendly and we had hardly any wait at the bar, event though we were standing 4 people back.Great place!
4	cold beer and tasty food served by timely servers on a cool patio, it doesn't get much better!
3	First off didn't stay here very long may be an hour or so, but seems legit. Cute college girls and full bar a plus, but a little run down. Appetizers (wings) were not very good. Drinks were on the soft side. Like the live band, and willing to give place another chance in the future
2	Just ate lunch here today and while the food was OK--but tending toward flavorless--I thought the service was rather brusque. Also they charge you $1 for a slice of bread if you want it. I get the charge, but at least toss in 2 slices of bread for a dollar.
4	Stopped in for some drinks with my boyfriend on Sunday afternoon. (I can't believe I haven't reviews this place yet.) If you like your bars dark and dank with interesting signage all over the walls and a healthy selection of Scotch and Whiskey, this is your place.  (I happen to prefer a dark bar so take this as a complement.)After a few beers we ordered lunch.  I had the veggie burger with fries while my boyfriend ordered the chicken pot pie.  I hadn't been to Seamus' in a while and my veggie burger was better than I remembered.  The fries were exactly as I remembered.  (I love fries and steak fries are among my favorites right behind the super crispy shoestring variety.) All of this was a great reminder of why Seamus McCaffrey's is one of my "go to" bars.
3	Stopped in three times now.  Standard Irish pub offerings of many Irish whiskeys and Guinness.  Tried the chicken pie and fish and chips.  Pretty OK.  Same as anywhere.  Randy was bar tending each time.  Shares a knowledge way beyond his years.  OK if you take it with a grain of salt.  Beware!  If decent looking female clientele arrives, your service will seriously degrade.
3	The atmosphere is cool but it just turned me off when the bartender made me fruity requested drink (his choice) that tasted like Purple Dimetapp. Half of it was Seltzer. And then charged me $9 for it! I was told this was a locals bar with great prices. The beers were like $6! Mixed drinks - total ripoff.
5	A favorite pub of mine. Cheap and strong drinks. Friendly staff and always a good crowd.
1	If you are a veteran, I ask that you do not spend your money here! Last night I sat and listened to some d-bags here committing blatant acts of stolen valor! When I punched holes in their stories, and said "get out of here, you're not a veteran," to one of them, the bartender bounced me. Then one of the patrons said the bouncer was a vet. When I asked him if it was true, he just gave me a blank stare. Seems he isn't, but is allowing people to think he is. Why are there so many posers in Phoenix?! I am hoping to get the VFW and Stolen Valor involved. Businesses should not be perpetrating this violation against veterans!SSG M
1	Cool place. Totally dig the neighborhood pub vibe. Unfortunately, the service is absolutely awful. The bartenders and waitresses are pretty rude and generally pretend like they didn't hear you when you've asked them three times for the same thing
5	Great place with good people. Good food and the kitchen is open late. Drinks are strong and not overly expensive. With all the places that close early in the downtown area, Seamus is always open till 2am!
4	This is the perfect place to finish up a night out. It's loud, it's cozy, it's cluttered. It's ideal for ordering one last plate of greasy fries as you sober up and prepare for a clumsy walk home. The service isn't always fast and the staff isn't always friendly, but overall the place is welcoming and easy to feel comfortable in.
5	We got here, probably around 11PM. The music was incredible (kudos to the Sea Merchants as well) The cocktails, particularly the 'Indecision' were spot on, and most importantly, the service was fantastic. Jessa put up with a lot, as there were a lot of us, but she took great care of us. The great service continued even after we left, as I checked back to find out what was in my new favorite cocktail, and Randy was happy to clue me in. I can't wait to find an excuse to be in Phoenix again to stop in and get a chance to order some food, as that all looked delicious. My only regret is not getting a t-shirt!
4	Perched at the bottom of the classy Hotel San Carlos, this cozy little pub was quite inviting yesterday after a long day of walking and gawking at ComicCon.  Ginger beer + Jameson totally hit the spot - followed by their French dip which was superb.  For me, with a French dip, it's all about the bread and the au jus.  I assume you've got the roast beef figured out, and they did.  The bread was nice and fresh, and the au jus was spot on.  Far too many places don't stir their au jus before putting it in the cup, which leads to basically dunking your sandwich in bland broth... but theirs was great.  The ambiance is classy and the service was good, I look forward to a mini staycation at the hotel and will definitely be back.
5	Propped up at the bar here with my sister last weekend - what a great time!The jukebox had good tunes on, and everyone was singing along. The beer selection was pretty good, and there was plenty of whiskey (although they nearly ran out of Jameson's!)
5	This place has the most single malt scotch's in all of Arizona, the staff is great and the food.....holy Irish mothers its the BOMB!!!!
4	it is still a great place to enjoy a casual drink. There is plenty of seating at the bar, as well as tables and booths. They serve typical bar food and traditional Irish food. This is also a good choice for lunch downtown occasionally.
4	Great place to drink late at night. The last bar to close in the downtown area. Good drinks and everyone keep to themselves. Great place to meet the locals.
3	Hopped on the light rail (first time ever) with the kiddos and the hubby, and stopped downtown to find a place to eat.  After a little bit of wandering, we ended up here.  I have to say, I'm a sucker for Irish pubs.  I practically live at Fibber Magees after all.I'll start with the good:  The waitress was adorable and attentive.  We never had empty glasses, and the food was served promptly.  The steak and Guinness boxty was amazing, and the Jamison's cake was to die for!  The kids meal quesadilla was big enough to feed 2 kids (mine are 5 and 6 and HUGE eaters) which was good since it was 6..75! The bowl of soup was reasonably priced at 4.95, and the bowl was big!Now for the not so good:  Kind of a hole-in-the-wall.  It could most definitely use some updating.  Every table/chair in the place looked well-worn and some had flat out holes and large rips.  The Guinness was pretty pricey at $6.00, and served in the same glass as the water and iced tea.  The thing that got me the most was the fact that you have to go up and entire flight of stairs to use the restroom!  Now, I'm not the world's most coordinated person, and there's a reason I don't really wear heels anymore, but all I could think of was how many ladies out there wear those crazy 5" shoes and how easy it would be to have one drink too many and fall down the stairs on your way back from the bathroom!  Also, when you have small children, that's a danger as well.  And if your small children are like mine, then you can't visit any establishment EVER without using the bathrooms!All in all, we had a nice time here, the food was good, and the waitress was cool.  Nothing super-special that would demand I return immediately, but nothing so bad that I'd never come back either.  This place is A-OK!
4	So far so good. Nice atmosphere.  Friendly service. Great selection of whisky. I haven't tried the food yet but when I do, I'll let you know.
5	Of the many places to get a beer in Phoenix, this was my favorite.  A simple menu of both beer and food make this a comfortable place to be.  The taps are standard local and imported beers, they don't rotate all that much but that makes it easy to know what you want. The food menu is always good and goes great with the beer.  I never had anything that I didn't enjoy and that wasn't tasty.  If you are in downtown and want a place to eat and drink, come here.  I will be sure that I find a hotel near this location when I visit again.
2	I work downtown and this is a convenient spot to hit for lunch or happy hour. But, I've never liked my experiences here and maybe I just have higher standards but I'd rather go to any number of places for lunch or happy hour. The issues start with the fact that Seamus is dirty, dusty, and has terrible food, warm beer and pretty terrible service. I just had lunch again here Friday and we had to wait over an hour for a couple salads and appetizers. It's honestly the worst. The place hasn't been upgraded or had any money put into fixing it up in decades- it's just subpar in every way. And every time I see dirt or dust and have to use their rundown bathrooms I can't help but think - if this is how they maintain the areas customers see, what about the place my food is prepared?
3	Waitress was very friendly and provided great service.  Steak boxty was tasty and filling.  Went well with a pint of Harp.
5	if you like being around a diverse crowd this place is for you. I personally like people who wear who they are on their sleeve. This place is really cool. We looked for places to eat on a Saturday in downtown Phoenix and this place is where we landed. Irish bar concept with amazing food. I had the French dip. I have this everywhere I go and this place was too notch. Cool people and good vibes
4	What's not to love about this place!  If you're looking for a great Irish bar look no further.  Great food, great beer, with a laid back atmosphere.  The food is excellent.  Every time I come downtown I seem to always find time to at least stop in for a beer.  If you want a place that doesn't seem so fancy and you just want to have a bar among regulars then this is your spot.   Recommend to everyone.
5	How is it that I, a meat and potato lover, am just now finding this"boxty"? It was amazing! I had the Steak & Guinness Stout Boxty and it was incredible. Nice pieces of tender steak, mushrooms, rich gravy, and a crispy shredded potato cake on top. Amazing. My wife had the beef stew and she said it was very good - nice sized serving and she couldn't eat it all. Nice authentic feeling Irish pub feel. I recommend this place.
5	Went there last night for halloween.  Was a good crowd, everyone was dressed up and in the spirit.   Ordered a beer.  Big pour on the beer.  Definitely worth it.
1	This is a review I tried not to write. I went to Seamus on Holloween night and proceeded to have a good time. I brought 5 other paying customers who also were enjoying them selves until I was harrased by an off duty bartender who worked there. To truly understand what happened a little back story is necessary. About three months a go at a completely different bar not associated with Seamus. I was acosted and harrased by this same bartender due to her boyfriend at the time being confused with his sexuality. She was upset at me because in a private conversation with her boyfriend I told him to embrace his homosexuality and be honest with his girlfriend.  To be respectful to this completly disrespectful establishment I will leave out names except for the GM of Seamus that I was finally able to speak to. Back to the story...why the boyfriend went and told the girlfriend about our discussion I'm not sure. Needless to say I was immediately approached by her and accused of trying to take her guy. This ended in an argument and me being physically attacked by both of them. Flash foward to November 31st 2014. Like I said i went into Seamus and proceeded to have a good time. While in the bar I get approached again by the above mentioned boyfriend who made a joke that he and i should go "make out in the bathroom". Knowing that he was being sarcastic he and i laughed it off, we apologized to each for the incident three months ago, gave each other a hug and decided to let bygones be bygones. Not 10 minutes later i was approached again by the same girlfriend who began speaking and wanting to argue with me about the last time she harrased me. My exact words to her were "honey, have a good night, i dont have time for this, speak to your boyfriend". As I'm walking away from her she states "oh yeah well your out of here". I didnt know at the time that she worked there. Next thing i know a bouncer comes to me and tells me i have to go. This is not ok. By any means. I called the manager the next day and explained my situation. The manager i spoke to then knew exactly who i was speaking about and was immediately appaled and apologetic. He told me that i would be taken care of and thank me for calling before i went social media. The gm that was supposed to contact me was Malydia. I didnt hear anything from her until i had to call again three days later only to find that i wasnt going to get a call.  She told me that she was siding with her bartender and and hung the phone up on me. Terrible. It didnt even come to my attention until friends of mine who heard the story told me the reason i was kicked out was for being a homosexual male. I will never step foot into this establishment again. I suggest any male who is gay stay away from here as well as long as that confused and angry bartender is still employed there. its sad because i heard great things of the owners but the people they have running this place disgust me. The name should be changed from Seamus to Shame-us. I will be sending this story to 3 on your side. Stay clear from this place.
5	Just got off a plane, checked into my hotel and found this amazing place! True Irish eats, friendly staff, fast service. Thank you!
5	I am so glad that I waited to write this review.  When I first visited Seamus I awed by the cozy at home feel that this place gave you. The drinks were typical for a bar and occasionally there was live music. I thought it was a fun place to visit. The decor is typical fun for an Irish pub, love the troll and leprechaun dolls in the showcase.Now that I visit here more often I am in love with this bar.  Brandon is an amazing bartender.  I love going here in Sunday's to enjoy the most amazingly delicious chicken pot pie in town while enjoying the best playlist provided by Randal. Go for the drinks, go for the food, and go for the fun. Definitely just go to Seamus.
4	Got to this restaurant after another restaurant literally laughed at my group of 4 and told us that we would be waiting a loooooooong time for her service because she was so busy!! So we said adios to that place...not going to pay to be treated poorly! We walked into this restaurant and the hostess was so warm and friendly and told us to pick any table! What a pleasant change of attitude between a restaurants! We had a great server, wish I remembered her name...and food was very good. When in an Irish pub eat like an Irishman...I got the corned beef and cabbage boxty! It was so good! I didn't want the corned beef or the potato pancake to ever be gone! Everyone else enjoyed their meals, the only bummer was the obnoxious group that came in and sat right next to us! Even our sweet server was annoyed with them! Haha! I guess it's good I don't remember her name...but seriously those peeps were so loud!! Anyway...good service, good food...ambiance was a little lacking...and my soda bread with my meal wasn't served warm...hence my star deduction...But if you want good food and good service...this could fit your bill!!
4	Super friendly bartender. CoolIrish vibe . Had the fish and chips and they were off the chart. Prices were reasonable . Went on a Saturday around 2 and it was really busy. Drink prices were reasonable .
4	Food is pretty good for the price . Their salads are huge and fantastic ! The bar tenders are always friendly and fast
4	Definitely a return visit. Great atmosphere and the food is very good. My wife and I split the Guinness steak boxty and for the extra dollar they gave us 2 good size plates of food and extra bread. Very nice. Like 2 meals for the price of one. Steak was super tender and Guinness gravy was delightful.
4	Irish pub with a great whiskey selection, a generous pour and good fish and chips. Service at the bar is great; not so at tables.
2	Angry server, terrible food but great beers.  Yup, a real pub like you'll find back in Ireland. Go for the beer and pub atmosphere but eat next door at rice paper.
