4	Ok, I'm in. Writing live from Beat, "sparse" is the first word that came to mind. But that doesn't have to be a bad word. The drink menu is tiny, and is missing all the ridiculous shit that has become standard fare at coffee houses these days. I was going to mention that the food menu seemed equally plain, but I just looked over to see one of the employees enjoying what looks to be a delicious sandwich looking thing, so maybe there are some gems hidden there. The decor is essentially non-existant, and the furniture is a little hip, but absolutely utiliterian. There are not one, but 2 bookshelves lightly-filled with at least a few interesting reads ("Wonderland Avenue" caught my eye). So why 4 stars? I can't exactly say. But I like the place. It's true that I'm a sucker for small business, so maybe that's it. Or maybe I'm just a sap for the air of vague hipness that permeates the joint. More likely, it's the way I saw the counter girl greet customers with familiarity - more than I would've guessed plausible so soon after opening. Ultimately, it might just be that I want this place to be awesome. Vegas is in dire needs of places like this, especially downtown, but the Beat has promise and I suspect that they won't have to skate by on charity.PRO-TIP: It's hard to be the first to review a new joint sometimes.POST-WRAP UPDATE: Jason B. joined me later in my visit, and we both ended up ordering the veggie sandwich. It was $6 and not huge, but pretty fucking delicious. Especially the bread. Good enough that it's worth eating on it's own accord, and not just as coffee-shop fare.
5	When I was in high school there were a handful of coffee shops around town that I would spend time at while skippin' class : Enigma Garden Cafe, Cafe Roma and Cafe Copia, but it seemed shortly after I graduated all these places closed down.It's pretty safe to say I was hyped when I walked into The Beat. A place like this brought back memories of hangin' and shooting the shit with friends.The Beat is locally owned..non-corporate, hip, free wi-fi, In the heart of down town Las Vegas! the menu and the actually space is pretty sparse so far (the place opened on may 24th, so given time I should flesh it self out.)F*** Starbucks, Coffee bean and every other chain shop in this town. Support Local business and give your money to The Beat.Also, if you dont wanna deal with the meter'ed parking, just use the free El Cortez parking garage around the corner.
5	fantastic spot for a cup of coffee,tea, sandwichs and chips. Nice local spot with unbounded possibilities!
4	The best part of The Beat Coffeehouse is that it's in the Emergency Arts space and has a bunch of super hip artists, clothing and jewelry designers selling their wares in the adjacent rooms. You can grab your coffee and wander around for a while, adding to the entertainment.I believe that in addition to the records, the rock 'n roll posters on the wall are also for sale - a nice touch.I had to Shazam a song within the first 10 minutes of being there and rediscovered an old Royksopp track I'd long forgotten ("Someone Like Me".) It takes something to impress me with a playlist, and they did it without even trying - apparently they had on some old mix they were planning to switch out soon, and even that was fantastic.The owners are lovely and also own the cool speakeasy bar around the corner. They seem to be transforming downtown Vegas one spot at a time, though this is a much bigger endeavor.I will add a 5th star once the menu becomes a little more fun (teas? more vegetarian sandwich/salad options?) and once it seems a tad more cozy, since the decor is a hair too industrial for my liking. But, overall, great stuff.
5	One of the biggest complaints from recent arrivals to the valley is that Vegas doesn't seem to take itself seriously as a city.  It knows how to cater to tourists, it knows how to throw a party and it knows spectacle.  But what's missing are the small touches -- the corner bars and the neighborhood coffee shops (Starbucks doesn't count). That's why The Beat is such a breath of fresh air.  Finally, downtown has a neighborhood coffee shop.  And hey, it has great coffee.  And great sandwiches.  And a great place to sit and relax and read a book or talk to a friend.  And friendly owners who are enthusiastic about their business.  And . . . it's just great, go try it.  Finally, Fremont Street has something for locals besides alcohol.
4	In any other major city The Beat would be no big deal. In Vegas...this is a HUGE deal. I will start of by saying I have never acquired a liking for coffee. I do love the vibe of a good coffee shop, and The Beat is spot on. I had tea, of course, I didn't even ask what type it was, but it was delish, served with a sugar syrup if you like. OH!, and Coke-a-Cola served in bottles, and the Mexican "real sugar" kind. Bonus! My friend ordered up a chicken sandwich, I snatched a bite. First off-the bread is out-stan-ding. Think something you might get in France, Belgium or Germany. At first I was not that impressed with the chicken salad, I thought it was bland, then as I continued chewing the complexity of flavors started to emerge, a little mint, maybe cucumber, and some other goodies. It ended up being a quite impressive bite. I was there at about 1 on Thursday afternoon, even though it's new, the place was bustling with 12-15 people. Not just people, DIFFERENT people, a couple of suits, a couple of hippie types, some hipsters, clean cut polo shirt folks, and even a couple of kids! Huge windows at the corner of 6th and Fremont offer the most insanely crazy good people watching ever. The circus of people parading by isn't going to be found anywhere else in the valley. Books, records, free wi-fi, a record player that YOU can drop a needle on, interesting people, interesting things on the wall, framed homage to William S. Burroughs, tons of galleries that conjoin this place, attentive and genuine staff all make for a perfect blend. We are spoiled in Vegas with free parking, you can do that in El Cortez parking lot right next door, or bring quarters for street parking. Yet another reason I love living in downtown.
3	This is a review of the food only.The Skinny: artisan sandwiches that have a distinctly unique flare if only the accompanying salad got some lovin' too (3.75), service: pretty good, friendly but it's still a coffeehouse (3), value - great for the sammy, not so good for the lackluster salad (3).After reading glowing reviews about the sandwiches here by John Curtas, a great local food critic , we were keen to try this place. I mean who wouldn't? The Chef here has an impressive resume: Daniel Boulud in NY, DB Brasserie at the Wynn and Guy Savoy. And here he is, busting out sandwiches for $7. WTF?The Croque Monsieur is totally the bomb - the gruyere, the ham, the brioche, the bechamel sauce - OMG! one of the best sandwiches I've had in the a long time. The trouble making a good Croque is the high amount of fat in it - it can be a greasy mess. Not so here! It's really perfectly crispy, cheesy, rich slice of France for less than $10.I ordered the cold beef brisket sammy because it looked like interesting. The flavours were good but there are some logistical problems with the dish. First of all, the sauce overwhelmed the bread, leaving it a poor texture. Secondly, there was a little too much heat from the mustard for both our tastes.Finally, the salad. We ordered the salad as an afterthought and that's exactly how the salad appeared on the plate. It was uninspired, and wilted from sitting in the balsamic vinaigrette for too long (I hope). Not to mention, it cost $2 for the small helping on the plate (which you could have bought a very large bag of mixed greens for that price).We wished we had room to try their great looking pastries but we had to pass this time.Overall, the best Croque Monsieur I've had in a long time but wished some of the other items were better.BTW - The bread is from Bon Bakery.
5	Thank God!  I work downtown from 5 to midnight and there is a serious lack of options.  While the menu is not extensive, the 2 sandwiches I have tried are delish!  I can't wait to try the rest of them.  The coffee is local as well, from a roaster in Boulder City?  I have to echo what some other reviews have said... in my hometown of Seattle a joint like this is just around the next corner.  In Vegas it's pure gold.It reminds me of a nice little hole in the wall I used to hang at daily at college.  Great Coffee, Great Food, and Wifi.  What more do you need?  In the back they have a selection of records and a few rooms filled with art.  It's like a First Friday you can visit the other 29 days of the month.  Locals please support this house, I know I will!
4	Come here.  Vegas needs this, a coffee shop where people can read, write, listen to music, and enjoy feeling a part of a growing urban arts community while consuming one of nature's simple pleasures.  That said, stick to that coffee.  My boyfriend's soy latte was tasty.  The sandwiches, on the other hand, were not.  Let's set aside the price, because I understand why prices for both drinks and sandwiches are higher here; one is paying to help develop the culture and keep such a place thriving.  I'm willing to pay those prices.  But the roasted vegetable sandwich was actually inedible.  The only vegetables on the sandwich I received were spring-mix lettuce leaves, rubbery canned mushrooms, and what seemed to be a pickled onion.  I really couldn't care that it was falsely advertised as "roasted" as long as the sandwich still delivered, but the rubber mushrooms and lettuce leaves were slathered in a distasteful  and unappetizing gelatinous goo.  It wasn't even possible to scrape the dressing off; it had invaded its host and replicated until it killed whatever shreds of sandwich could still be identified.  I heard them say they were out of veggie sandwiches after making mine, so maybe they just served me the dregs.  If so, I wish I had been so-advised.My boyfriend had the Croque Monsieur, which was average and, thus, a huge step up.  His came with some spring greens that were overly-dressed in very bitter balsamic vinegar (tasted like just vinegar, not vinaigrette).  But, the sandwich itself was fine.  Someone at the counter was eating a BLT and remarked that the mayonnaise on it was delicious.  I wish I'd gone with that.I'm very glad Beat came to Fremont Street, and I'll definitely go back for the coffee and atmosphere.  It's exactly what Vegas needed and, fingers crossed, it will thrive.  I just hope they re-think some of the food.
4	Great sandwiches.  Cool spot.  Very chill.I went to the grand opening last week and he served little roasted pork toasties that were awesome.  I've been back a couple of times.  Glad to support a local business and talented chef.
4	Great spot. I had the brisket and it was great. Espresso was excellent. The place has a great feel to it you walk in and smile. Not every place can do that and downtown seems like less and less. It has been a long time since there was a real coffee house and in the end I think downtown is the perfect spot. Its got records and some cool posters to check out while you wait and those sandwiches are touch notch!
4	The iced coffee I had here was just OK, but I still love this place.   It's way cool without being intimidating; you'll see all kinds of people in this coffee shop--everyone from hipsters to mail carriers.  Didn't try any of the sandwiches but they all smelled delicious and many people in the shop around me were enjoying them.Staff is really nice and friendly.  Place has free wifi and even the starbucks down the street didn't.  I had such a great afternoon here.  If I lived in the area, I'd be here all the time.
4	Las Vegas' 'Central Perk'. ( All they need is an orange couch and Gunther)Drinks, food, music, art people, and free wi-fi. A nice place to hang out, grab a bite and people watch.I like to go there and pretend I'm Phoebe.
4	Saturday night I ran sound for a chill little Acoustic show at the The Beat that was a part of the Neon Reverb Festival and let me say," this place is awesome!" When I walked in it was very quiet and there was not many people in the place. Once I found out where the equipment was going to be setup I set up and then took a min to check the place out. This place reminded me of some of small Seattle coffee houses that I had been to back in the day. You immediately get the retro feel with the sound of the vinyl spinning and the smell of coffee and delicious sandwiches combined with a friendly staff and a group of awesome patrons and lots to look at. If you are at all into the arts and your looking for a mellow place to hang, this is the place to go!
4	Great little coffee place that also serves food. They have beer and wine as well. I think that I heard them talking about trying to serve liquor soon. They play great older music. Reminds me of some of the coffee places back home (college town) where everyone knows everyone else and allows you to forget that your still in Vegas where no one cares who you are. I would recommend this place. I don't like to give 5 stars, but this place is very close.
5	Honestly, this is my favorite coffee house in Las Vegas.  Every time i go to Las Vegas, which is often, i have to go to The Beat.  The sandwiches, the coffee, the staff, are all awesome!! i tried the deviled eggs the other day, and while im not a deviled egg fan, these were by far the best deviled eggs i had ever had.  The filling was so creamy and delicious and the crispy bacon on top really gave it a great touch, along with the pickled onion.  When i asked the Chef what the recipe was for the filing, he laughed and said, "we make our own mayonnaise, and no i wont give you the recipe."   A coffee house that makes its own MAYONNAISE!!!!  where am i? Heaven?....  Thank you, The Beat.
5	The Beat: where everyone knows your name!
3	Stopped in on Saturday night. A Coffeehouse with beer, I love it already. Better yet they have Kronenbourg, it's a favorite. Soon, they should have their license straightened out to serve draft beers. It was quiet when we stopped in, the galleries were closed, but we had a look around anyway. It's a funky little find, just what downtown needs. I'd like to return for first friday or another event.
4	This was the highlight of my downtown trip! The owner is great. The espresso is excellent and the croque monsieur, superb. Good tunes, too. Drop in!
4	Dear Beat:  You slapped me silly.  and I liked it, god help me I liked it.Wandered into the Beat after getting a nice chianti buzz at the Vanguard.  How do you top a great red?  Apparently with a Slap Me Silly.  How in the heck did somebody come up with this? (PBJ w/Bacon AND jalepenos)  Any why didn't I discover it sooner??The Beat is Las Vegas's answer to every great austin/bay/seattle coffee shop...complete with edgy hipsters (not me) and the yuppies who admire them (me).  Open atmosphere with clear views of Fremont and 5th.  Plenty of table and bar seating...record stacks in the back, bulletin boards supporting local artists and events, and a table w/artsy stuff for sale. The Beat seems to be home base for Vegas's artists and creatives. Monday nights are supposed to have open mic/spoken word...I'll be back to check it out... and to try the Croque Monsieur.They'd get 5 stars, but they're a little short on couches, and the chairs aren't well-suited for 4 hours in front of a laptop.
5	This place is awesome! The sandwiches here are mind blowing on an orgasmic level, thanks to Chef Andy, the Barron of Bacon. Food aside, its totally cool place to chill (Blues section on vinyls is siiiiiiiiick!)Can't wait to go back when I'm in town!
5	I really, really dig this place.  However, I was pretty trashed by the time I got here so it may be the alcohol talking.  I'll go back sober and re-review if I had my restaurant beer googles on.That'd being said, they certainly know how to treat drunk people.  Very patient and friendly.  We went there for food, and the server was trying to sell us on the slap & tickle sandwich - peanut butter, jelly, bacon, jalapenos.  (Monique M. called it a slap me silly... I have the flyer from the place so I'm pretty sure it's a slap & tickle... maybe it goes by both names.) We weren't feeling the slap & tickle so we got the croque monsieur.  But while that was being made, she brought out the slap & tickle for free.  If I was sober, I probably would have been offended.  We said we didn't want it.  But drunk and hungry... great, thanks!  OMG, it was sooooooo good.  I will definitely have it again.  And the croque monsieur was also excellent.  Like other reviewers have said, not too greasy and great quality cheese. They also have some unique beers on tap and we tried some of those.  I can't remember the names unfortunately. The beer was good, but it was a bad decision as I should have been trying to sober up.  Oh well, more time to wander around the El Cortez.From from 7-9pm M-Sa, they have $1 PBRs as well as $1 half slap and tickle sandwiches!  Yum! (For the slap & tickle... not the PBR... yuck.) M-F 7-9am they offer $1 drip coffee and $1 muffin of the day.  The only thing that sucks is they are only open until midnight.  That's when we left and a bunch of people were trying to get in and got turned away.  It would really be a great late night food spot.  They also sell records.  I didn't really look since I'm more of a ITunes girl, but I'm sure they are interesting to look at and kill some time.
4	Good coffee, fantastic muesli and glazed strawberries.
4	The best indie coffeehouse in town, it's striking a flag for culture and locals outside of the bar scene on Fremont East. (They do serve alcohol after 7, though.) Service is slow but a community bookshelf and interesting conversation keeps you busy. Wifi with service.I've had coffee several times. The coffee service is slow and limited - it's not a Starbucks, they won't have toffee whatevers.Review of the food: I had the beef brisket sandwich! I liked it but the brisket was really fatty and the mustard was a bit too tangy. Overall, I would eat here again. They have vegan options.
5	Despite all my promises in reviews to provide updates, this is my first one!  I'll try to be better about that. I was a little apprehensive that I may have had my restaurant beer googles on the last time I was here and drunk.  The menu seemed a little sparse this time.  Plus, I was taking a friend here and I was afraid she wouldn't like it.  But it was great!  When you are sober, walk up to the register, take a look at the menu on the wall and order.  They will bring the food out to you when it is ready.  (When you drunk, plop down anywhere and the nice people will come to you!  And bring you free food if you are lucky! (see previous review))  I ended up having the chicken salad sandwich because they were out of the beef brisket.  I also had the orzo pasta salad.  My experience with chicken salad sandwiches has been hit or miss in the past, but this was definitely a hit!  Nice, fresh chicken, cilantro (I love cilantro), and a mustardy sauce all on a fresh baquette.  Really, really good!  And the orzo pasta salad was excellent!  Better than the version that they have at the Springs Preserve Cafe.  Nice citrus flavor without being overpowering and good size chunks of feta cheese.My friend had the grilled vegetable sandwich and, although I didn't try it, she said it was excellent.  She was actually excited to find a good sandwich place downtown.  Yay!Next time I need to try the deviled eggs that John Curtas seems to love so much.  They come in servings of 4, which would have been a little too much for me with the sandwich and pasta salad.  The servers were super nice and friendly.  When I walked in, I briefly thought I might not be hip enough for this place.  But the staff is so nice, that feeling went away immediately.  One thing I noticed this time that may or may have not been the case last time I was here... they have a sign posted saying no minors after 7pm.  I'm not sure how many parents bring their children to Fremont Street after 7pm, but just something to keep in mind for parents and Yelpers under 18 or 21.  Frankly, I'm not entirely sure what they meant by minors so you might want to call first.  All in all a big thumbs up for Beat Coffeehouse for both lunch and late night!  If only they were open past midnight, it would be perfect!
4	I can rate this shop well even if this place didn't serve coffee, It's a hip library itself with a gallery of vintage photos of legendary music artist, such as hendrix, the beatles, Duran Duran, Aretha Franklin, the list goes on and on. They have a zine shelf, local/community flyers board- everywhere, separate burlesque gallery, boutique shop, one-of-a-kind band posters, vinyls. It's like Pete Howard barf'd up his dinner and out came The Beat Coffee House.We came on a Wednesday evening with a jazz band playing. Nothing more peaceful than to enjoy raw music with a cup of tea, or as others can enjoy a glass of red wine. Not to mention, very classy, friendly service. Smiley enough to engrave the sight of their cheekbones in my memory. Clientele has majority of artsy kids and book worms and study heads. After all, they are who they serve, perhaps?Unfortunately not many drink selections, but definitely a keeper in my top coffee houses.
4	The record player is the Ferris wheel of this Joyland. It's a big attraction. You can rummage through records and choose music for everyone in the shop. This intrigues me because I feel like I get to know people based on the songs they choose (as an aside, I recently enjoyed listening along as my office mate played "Christmas Unleashed," an album of dogs barking yuletide tunes). Anyway, I watch patrons make their selections and carefully set the needle on the plastic. I wonder why they choose the songs they choose, when they first heard them. I guess I don't get to know people. I get to know the stories I fabricate about them, based upon the songs they choose.I may like The Beat because it's a voyeur's paradise, which brings me to my second favorite attraction: shared books. My friend saw Lolita on the shelves and said it was freaky but very well written, so she stuffed it in my purse. Exchanging books with patrons gives me a sense of connection to my community, even if the books we share are about voyeurs/child molesters.Third attraction: big windows. From my little wooden table near the front, I watched as models worked a photo shoot for vintage clothing,  drug addicts chilled out on the corner, and as tourists turned the corner to see Fremont street for the first time. I like to transition from real-life people watching to virtual people watching with FREE WI-FI, another great reason to love The Beat. Facebook, Twitter, Yelp. They all load fast in this hotspot.The menu looks fun at The Beat, but I haven't tried any yet, hence 4/5 stars. I haven't tried enough product yet. In fact, I have only sipped on tea at the coffeehouse and agree with Misti Y. that I'd like to see more options in that arena. Thanks to Misti Y., and Raymond B., by the way, for introducing me to this awesome coffee shop through their reviews on Yelp.I can't wait to get back to The Beat.
5	Finally, Las Vegas has a REAL legitimate coffeehouse!The coffee, the tea, the usual coffeehouse fare is all here! The Beat is hip and cool, without being pretentious. It's located on Fremont and 6th in the old Fremont Medical building. I love that the old patient rooms have been rented out to artist for a cheap, fair price. I like to grab hot tea or coffee and stroll around looking into each little room. It's like a mini-First Friday (an Arts collective here in Vegas) everyday. The staff is nice and helpful. They have open mic nights, special speakers, book tours, everything that you would want in a real legit coffee house. I recommend stopping by around 7 PM on a week night. This is an excellent addition to Downtown Las Vegas. Stepping in here and taking in the culture is like stepping into some teleportation contraption, you'll swear you are in a Seatlle/Portland-esque coffee joint.
4	Obligatory gripe before I shower the place with praise: As a 19 year old who loves the vibe of East Fremont St. but can't really actually DO anything there, I thought this would be the Downtown hangout solution, but alas, it's 21+ after 7:00 P.M. because the owner felt that beer and wine are required for a blasted POETRY READING. *eyeroll* (Don't try to recommend Maharaja as a solution to me, it's quite possibly the most overpriced hookah lounge ever).Anyways, The Beat is the type of place that's sorely lacking in the region, a non-corporate coffee shop. It has a very mellow, down to earth feel (yay for being relentlessly anti-pretentiousness), which is just how I like it.The only thing I've tried so far is the tea (of course I should have tried the coffee but I've had a lot of coffee and not enough tea lately so I needed a change). The mint green tea seemed to have more mint than tea flavor but it was otherwise okay. I'll review the actual coffee later.They have a pretty sick collection of old records in the back for pretty reasonable prices (It's always good to see a vinyl for $5 with so many assholes on eBay charging HUNDREDS for the same one claiming it's mint condition when the pictures of the record clearly have scratches on them and/or claiming it's ~special but not clarifying on why). I also really dig the Emergency Arts complex it's in. It's like a mall for the anti-mall type of person with art galleries, thrift stores and clothing stores that are like Urban Outfitters but aren't, if that makes sense. Another thing to note: FREE Wi-Fi. It's still password protected for some odd reason but just ask a barista or someone who looks like a regular (trust me, you can tell) and they will kindly give it to you, you don't even have to buy anything.
4	good coffee, arts, music and overall vibe...as mentioned in other reviews reminds you of other independent coffeehouses in Cali, Texas and Pacific Northwest. It is interesting that it is over 21 in the evening...the guy checking id's s was nice enough. I didn't understand there being no lock on the unisex bathroom but maybe I am missing something?
2	I had a uninspiring, and overpriced BLT sandwich.  The counter girl seemed annoyed that I had to ask her twice for water, honestly she made me feel unwelcome.  At least she apologized for it taking 25 minutes to make the sammy.  I would like to give them one star, but they are trying to do something positive downtown.
4	Total gem. The pastries and coffee are yummy. It's an eclectic place that reminds me of the coffee houses in LA on Melrose. It's not cheap, but can easily become your favorite Sunday morning hangout. If you are the least bit artsy or just want to try some place different, you have to give it a try. Park at the El Cortez parking garage(free) and walk to Fremont Street.I've gotten too old and too careful to say I would ever come after dark, but I'm definitely going back during the daylight hours :)
4	The beat coffeehouse gives downtown Las Vegas what it has been needing for a long time, a coffee house that isn't a large chain with crappy coffee. The beat offers not only coffee, but great food specials and also late night hours are 21+ after I believe 8 or 9pm. The coffee is not amazing but better than most and the food is good as well. The pricing is cheaper than most places like this you would find in a downtown area so while I think certain things may be priced too high in the reality of it being downtown I shouldn't complain and just enjoy the fact that I get to support a small business owner downtown las vegas!!!Make sure if you are downtown las vegas to stop by for a cup of coffee and if during lunch grab a sandwich. Walk around the various art galleries and just enjoy the building. A great place to visit and a must see in downtown Las Vegas!
4	Coffee, Vinyl, and Bechamel....oh, how much the Beat reminds me of a coffeehouse on Clement street in SF that my little brother used to play beats at, in fact they have open mic nights just like the Beat does!Since moving to my new neighborhood, I've been to the Beat twice now, both times my coffee was, well, coffee. But both times, the mister had their breakfast croissant and he LOVED it.  I had the ham and cheese grilled sandwich and what caught my eye was the bechamel...it was oowey-gooeey goodness....
2	I heard about The Beat on NPR and was so excited to try it. I really, really, really wanted to like it...but sadly it fell short of my expectations. Expectations meaning a good cup of coffee. Honestly, when I go to a cofeehouse this self-admitted coffee snob is really just looking for a good coffee beverage. Sure, good service, a good vibe, good food, live music, free Wi-Fi, these things are all a plus. But if you call yourself a "coffeehouse" at the very least you should be able to produce a good cup of coffee and good coffee beverages. That being said, here is my experience at The Beat.We arrived at around 3 pm. We walked in and it looked like they were trying really hard to capture a 1960's No. Cal. beatnik vibe. Nothing wrong with that but it just felt like they were trying a bit too hard. We walked up to the counter and waited while the barista finished making a drink. It took a really long time...that should have been a clue. She eventually finished, handed off the drink and approached us.Me: Hi!Barista: (just to point out there was no "hi" in return...not even a smile) Just to let you know we don't serve alcohol until after 7pm.Me: That's OK we are here for coffee.Barista: Oh and the kitchen is closed because they are having a meeting.Me: No problem. May I have a non-fat cappuccino for here?She rang it up and we had a seat. It took a really long time...btw, it was the only drink she was making. She finally called out my drink and what I ended up with was a mediocre (at best) cap. The foam was big, soapy bubbles which dissipated quickly leaving about 4 gulps of slightly milky espresso in my cup. The espresso was fine but the overall drink was disappointing. In fact the entire experience was a big disappointment.
5	Wanna get away from the Starbucks blah, then try this place. It's located on E. Fremont which is trumped up to be the new hip area, but I still have my doubts. I feel safe venturing here on a Sunday morning, but would avoid it at night.But The Beat is great. It reminds me of the old student hangout cafes in Belgium or Holland. They serve coffee in a nice cup, not styro and the baked goods are really tasty. They allow dogs too which adds a nice laissez-faire atmosphere, but what I truly enjoyed was the vinyl album music in the background. Let's hope this place generates enough busy to stay open.
5	Very hip, comfortable excellent chi tea made from scratch!  Must try-Slap n Tickle-organic PB n homemade jam with smoked bacon, jalapenos on pan di mie invented by Andy.  It totally works, delish!
5	This place rocks my socks. PROS: Coffee, beer, wine, food. Vintage feel, shops the back, your choice of music on record player (yes VINYL). Service was great. Atmosphere is to my liking. Staff was friendly. CONS: (blank) After a night of doing research at the Bridal Spectacular inside Cashman Center, my husband found this place as he was waiting for me to complete my mini-adventure and I joined him right after. As I walked up to the entrance, I hear a voice "Can I please see your ID?" I see a man, nice guy who calls himself 'Big D', asking me for my ID. I was really thrown off since my husband tells me this is a coffee shop, so if it is, why am I being carded??? Come to find out, they serve alcohol after 7pm. Alcohol?! SCORE! It was close to 9pm and my caffeine sensitive booty wasn't really looking forward to drink something that would keep me up all night, thank the Lord for creating this place. Their menu is on the wall by the cashier and it's a pretty nice variety of stuff, not just coffee. Draft beer selection was limited but they had something similar to what I like, their equivalence of Sierra Nevada = Firestone. YUMMY. Got to come back to try the eats.It's an awesome place if you're into threads, music and arts if the vintage kind. They have a record player hooked up to the sound system in the place. Anyone can pick and play whatever songs they want, just grab them off the shelf, put the record on the player, have a seat and enjoy! In the back they have different areas or rooms where they sell arts, records, clothing, books and stuffs. They were closed while I was there so I hope to return and check it out in the day time. Restrooms are clean. It's genius how they're put in the back so that you walk past the shops and displays. I was staring at everything, this was my candy shop.I loved the seating choice of husband that night. We took the corner window seats and it was quite an entertaining night especially when we saw two guys outside pushing carts with what looked like copper, more than likely stolen, lol. Man, interesting things that happen in downtown Las Vegas! It's a great place to hang out, study, have a meeting or even a first date. I will absolutely, most definitely return.
3	I really really want to love this place. And I do mostly... except for the coffee. The atmosphere is wonderful, the staff are friendly, they have $1 coffee before 9am... but unfortunately the coffee really isn't that great. It just tastes like coffee that you'd get when going to breakfast at a pancake house or something. I will still go there, just wish the coffee was good...especially since it's a coffee house. Also one time I ordered an Americano (which isn't on the menu) and I got charged more than the price of a latte, which I thought was kind of lame, but maybe it was just a mistake.  The food looks awesome, but I must say I haven't tried it! I did have a chocolate filled croissant though and that was good.
4	I love the location and chill atmosphere , but the drinks are overpriced. Take it down about 25% and it would be worth me switching from Starbucks to you for my daily coffee.
4	There's a lot of that elusive character that the Vegas five-star resorts admittedly, if not proudly, lack: soul.  The Beat delivers a vibe that's all about soul, from the vinyl playing Miles Davis to the arts community of which it seems to be the flagship.  I am all for soul.  I adore the ambience, the hellos and goodbyes passing from hip artists to chic students who clearly make this their caffeine studio.  I adore the arts and vintage fashion co-op (even though many of the studios were close the day I was there).  I adore the soundtrack, a sample of The Beat's own vinyl collection that is for sale, so if you listen, you like, you can and should buy.There's only one thing.  I don't adore the coffee.  It's a bit overpriced, and I wouldn't mind paying a little extra for the atmosphere if it was tasty coffee.  But while I was grooving to Kind of Blue beats, the mediocre latte seemed quite disappointing.  The organic Greek yogurt salvaged the situation a bit, topped with honey, sliced almonds and shaved coconut, it was a delicious and healthy creation.  But since it is a coffee shop, and with such a fabulous community and clientele that supports it, I think it reasonable to request better coffee.I'm not worried.  The Beat seems to be in good hands with the steady stream of local press.  Also, the genius owner has a liquor license and the coffee house serves beer and wine in the evening.  I will try coming back for a glass of Cabernet after 7pm.  I'm sure Miles will sound a lot sexier then as well.
4	We usually hit a fast food place every Saturday for lunch as part of our weekend routine.  Today, we ventured downtown instead and stopped in here for a sandwich.  Didn't try any coffee or other beverages.  Loved the whole vibe, music and the feel of the place. A throwback to the pre-Starbucks coffeehouses.  The bread is the star, and the fresh, quality ingredients.  My wife had the roasted veggie sandwich.  Roll was hard and chewy, so have your good set of teeth firmly in place.  I had the croque monsieur with a side of lightly dressed greens.  Absolutely delicious.  If you're looking to support the downtown scene and want a wonderful, homemade sandwich, this is your place.
4	I wish I could say the first time I hit up the Beat was for strictly personal reasons. However, it was for a meeting. A fun meeting though. Upon my arrival downtown, I was pleasantly surprised how close the El Cortez parking was to the Beat. Now, I've been by the Emergency Arts Center before, and to the El Cortez, but never made the connection about their proximity to each other. Others at the meeting made the mistake of parking at the meters (meeting was at 4pm on a Friday, so meters were in effect) and paying, while the El Cortez is free99. Now, I can get behind a local, artsy, coffee shop (especially one that serves beer after 7pm). I can also get behind a coffee shop that sells locally roasted coffee from Boulder City. However, I can really get behind a place that has free wifi, is great for meetings, and has a friendly staff. Fortunately, the Beat is that kind of place. For the first two hours I was there, I didn't have any coffee. Once the meeting was over, I grabbed a cup of joe (nothing fancy, just black) and proceeded to be shown the EAC by a couple friends who frequent this joint. I'd go into that, but I am not reviewing the rest of the EAC...What stops this place from being a 5 star is that I simply wasn't impressed with the coffee. It was good, better than say Starbucks, but didn't knock my socks off. Now, I will definitely give this another shot, and try something with espresso as that will really determine the quality of the coffee and the baristas.
3	Only been for coffee and light food fare.  Food was pricy - and atmosphere, may be trying too hard.  I try my hardest to support local, and support downtown, but may be a miss for me.  The one worker, had a really saucy attitude - not to be expected at such a place. Will give it another shot!
5	Gotta go Monday nights for Human Experience. $1 beers n great poets.
4	A nice coffee shop. Cool atmosphere, and it's fun to think about all the deaths/injuries the room has seen. They brew Colorado River coffee, which I enjoy the taste of. The cream and sugar bar is accomodating as well (I enjoy a small amount of simple syrup in my iced coffee, and they have it self-serve). I would enjoy larger iced drink sizes, but the small "larges" are pretty cheap, so it's not too big of a deal. It's an enjoyable place, overall.
2	Everything in Las Vegas is a cartoon version of something else, something far away. Just like how New York New York is a cartoon metropolis; The Beat Coffeehouse is a cartoon version of a San Francisco beatnik coffeeshop from the 60s. The difference being the lack of effort put into the latter.I walked in, took a seat at the counter, and waited for a few minutes without getting so much as eye contact from the staff, who were obsessing over which insanely cliche Ramones vynil to play. I think they were trying to figure out whether any of their albums was in an Apple commercial, so they could play that one.After several minutes, I was able to order a macchiato. The barista sighed and said, "We don't have those.""You don't have espresso and frothed milk?""Yeah, but we don't have macchiatos.""OK, can you make me a shot of espresso?""Yes.""Then can you froth some milk and put a spoonful over it.""Yes.""That's a macchiato."Some coffeehouse. I'm still not sure whether the barista genuinely didn't know what a macchiato is, or was kind of assholishly trying to tell me that they don't make Starbucks' bastardized version of the Italian standard. Neither would surprise me, as the espresso was weak yet overroasted.Fortunately, when my chicken caesar wrap finally arrived, it was actually pretty good. One generous star for that.
2	Dear Beat, You may be trendy, and you may be in the vicinity of an awesome center for creative space (Emergency Arts), but the hipster staff who take my order are ALWAYS snobby. Please smile and be helpful.Except for  Heather (she's great) and the cute foreign guy; I like watching him slice my tomato.Your food menu IS great, and though I think your coffee and espresso are not the finest, the ambiance and weekly events DO make up for that a little. I wish I could love you, but I just don't think the connection is there yet.
5	I really enjoy the atmosphere here and the coffee is very good.  Doesnt have the taste of some of the commercial houses.  The food is FRICKN AMAZING!!  Watch them make your food behind the counter. Mad skills and very sanitary.  My fav. by far in Vegas.
3	This was a 2.5 experience.  It's too bad.  At the last minute, they had a chance to redeem themselves, but dropped the ball.The setup is great.  Fantastic, even.  Cool art, big space, live music, vinyl records for sale, great overall vibe, compelling food choices....  So what went wrong?After 7 P.M.,  you can order a sandwich half for one dollar, so my friend and I ordered this peanut butter/jelly/honey/bacon/jalapeno combo sandwich, a coffee, and then excused ourselves to look at the records and art.We came back, chatted for a while, and wondered why we were seeing other orders go out, but not ours.  40 minutes had passed, so I very nicely asked the manager what the ETA was for the sandwiches we ordered.  Turns out, the (to her credit) friendly cashier clocked out right after taking our order, and forgot to submit it to the kitchen.The manager apologized profusely, said he'll put a rush priority on it, and offered us each a free coffee to make up for the inconvenience.  Okay, I appreciate sincerity and people willing to set things right.  It wasn't the end of the world as the music was good, and the sandwich, despite its unusual ingredients, worked very well together.The manager came to check on us, all smiles, and again reiterated to let him know when we were ready for that free coffee.And then we got to the "comedy" part of the live entertainment.  I have a high level of rolling with vulgar content just fine, but I was reaching my threshold of poop humor, sexual bodily fluid humor, and poop mixed with sexual body fluid humor.  I wasn't offended, but this bit just wasn't funny, and I was just "Done".So with that, we were ready to go.  I went up to the counter, the manager smiled, I smiled, and asked for two coffees.  And then his face dropped and just looked.....  Well, he just looked... sad.It was like I had disappointed him for not being content enough with the mere brotherhood and generosity of being offered free coffee not once, but TWICE, mind you.  I had "sold out", performing as only the materialistic and bourgeoisie would be crass enough to "cash in" on, and betrayed the spiritual generosity that was offered.  Of course, this all sounds like exaggeration, and just a mere exercise in wordplay on my part, but as he handed me my "coffees of shame", I got the same saddened look from him AGAIN, as he wordlessly plopped the coffees in front of me and walked away without a backwards glance.  For God's sake, man.  We both knew this day was coming.  I didn't ask for your first born.I just wanted my dual offered free coffee, and to get away from bodily fluid covered poop jokes.And therein lies the rub: I LIKED the venue.  I really did.  I just have no idea what the Hell happened.I want to visit it again.  Maybe it was an off night.  I want to sample the food.  I want to find some hidden Beatles vinyl treasure.  Dammit, I WANT to like this place, but I wasn't prepared for the sadness that ensued by taking them up on their offer to set things right on a forgotten order.Perhaps when I come back one day, I'll share a poem on-stage that I'll invariably need to write about this experience.
4	I heart The Beat.I can't comment on the quality of the coffee because, admittedly, the majority of my experience in that area has been at mainstream coffee shops...gasp. I know. Their coffee has always been more than fine for me, as it's quite a step up from watered down Starbucks.The reason I frequent this place is because of the artistic ambiance that flows through not only the cafe area and mini-record store, but halls and halls of art and craft vendors and displays, as well as their zine library. It's the perfect place to chill out with your laptop on an afternoon or late night, as they're open until midnight every day apart from Sunday.They lose a star because of the lack of comfy seating - this place is rarely so busy that you would feel guilty spending a few hours here taking up their seating, and if I'm going to order cup after cup of coffee (or beer after beer, seeing as they serve draft beer and wine after 7pm) - I'd prefer to do it in the comfort of a cushioned chair rather than hard wood benches and chairs. Just sayin'. I've had better sandwiches, but their Slap 'N Tickle - a delicious blend of peanut butter, honey, jam, jalapenos, and bacon - is one of those things that you'll crave a week later. $2 for a full sandwich on most evenings after 7pm means it's not only delicious, but affordable - and you can enjoy it with a $1 PBR as well.Attention Poets/Musicians/Rappers - The Beat hosts the Human Experience, an open mic celebration of the arts, every Monday night at 7pm. If you come you'll be sure to see me there most evenings :) It's one of the most freeing and accepting atmospheres I've found in Las Vegas, slightly reminiscent of the Haight-Ashbury district in San Francisco. Good people, good times.
4	The Beat Coffeehouse won this coffee connoisseur over my Vegas trip this weekend. Amazing local spot that offers coffee, tea, italian sodas, food from breakfast to sandwhich's to small snacks, beer, wine and the atmosphere is laid back with a certain vintage feel. As you walk in there are posters and flyers of local events taking place and the coffee shop is filled with fun little rooms such as the "Burlesque Hall of Fame" room. There are lots of window seats, long tables for bigger parties, and couches for you to enjoy your beverage(s) and food at. They have a juke box where you can choose whatever music you would like and they also sell a lot of music on vinyl. How cool! The first trip to The Beat Coffeehouse was almost perfect... the atmosphere is my kind of place but the service was subpar at best. The girl helping us couldn't remember a thing we ordered to save her life so she finally grabbed a piece of paper (thank god!) and she had a very low energy level. I don't expect people to do a little song and dance while smiling ear to ear when I arrive BUT I do expect a certain level of customer service and it starts at common courtesy as well as basic competence such as taking a simple coffee order. Not a hard task. The other girl serving us had a much better attitude and was very helpful although she wanted to talk our ear off half the time we were there when all we wanted to do was enjoy our breakfast and try to wake up. Too critical? I have waited tables before, you can tell when you are being a too talkative nuisance. This morning I wanted to make a second trip before coming home. A different girl was working and she was awesome. She was friendly, accommodating, she served us our goodies and left us in piece to enjoy them. All you suckers who get your coffee and yummy's at Starbucks need to knock it off and go support a local business that has more personality and flare. And the coffee? AMAZING. I ordered a black coffee with a little bit of soy. The most important thing- My coffee wasn't burnt or sour! Yes, most of you have probably experienced this somewhere and don't even know it. Your palette takes time to figure out what a good cup of coffee tastes like.The breakfast sandwich with no bacon and add tomato's is a buttery, greasy delicious meal! If you want something lighter with  a touch of sweet and sour go for the Greek Yogurt with granola and berries. Its delicious. You get some sweet strawberry's drizzled with honey over sweet granola and a bitter greek yogurt. SO yummy. If you are staying at the Golden Nugget or El Cortez, hit this spot as much as you can.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE The Beat! Their sandwiches are fantastic, nothing is overpriced, and the entertainment on Wednesday nights is a blast! Plus you get to look at great art upstairs. Visit!
4	I really like this spot downtown for numerous reasons. I really appreciate the fact that they go 21+ after a certain time at night, because honestly I do not want to be downtown and run into teenage mouth-breathers when they shouldn't be down there in the first place. Coffee, wine, beer, music, and friendly service. I first went to The Beat during Neon Reverb to listen to a few bands. Although I wasn't a fan of the bands, I was a fan of the wine selection they had. Strangely when the band finished playing the entire place went completely silent. It was really odd, so much so my boyfriend and I kind of burst out laughing just to break the silence.Few weeks ago I hit up The Beat again and had food. I ordered the Roast Chicken Sandwich ($6.99), which I think is a *bit* overpriced. I mean, that's all I got - just the sandwich. I mean, it was good, I will admit it was perfectly made and the taste was to my liking. My friend got the ever-popular "Slap & Tickle" (PB&J plus BACON), $5.99. Best part of all: the large window looking outside to Fremont Street. Park yourself in front of this window during a night and watch the fun parade of crack-heads, tourists, and hipsters downtown. I'd go back down here just to get coffee and spend a few hours people watching.
5	Independent coffee shop THAT SELLS BEER & RECORDS. Oh my damn. I could've sworn I've passed this by before. I should've known better from all the music and art related posters plastered all along their windows. This humble, unassuming coffeehouse should have a sign outside in bold for geeknerds like me that reads: "BEER, RECORDS & ART". Armed with a cool collection of 45 and LPs ranging from jazz, rock, soul and a little world and hip hop -- modestly priced, with mostly originals with a chunk of represses. Listening station even. There's also posters and postcards for sale as well. My iced chai was simply ok. I've had much better and I don't know about their coffee or food which mainly consisted of sandwiches and wraps but I'm willing to go back again (and again) to check it out when I'm back in the area (soon).Be sure to check out Human Experience, one of LV's best open mic nights every Monday from 7 till about midnite, usually backed and hosted by LVs finest DJs on the wheels of steel..
4	Great spot downtown, and awesome galleries to see in the connected art studios. The coffee and breakfast items are really good. The zine library is a blast from the past, and you can have fun choosing the next vinyl album to play on the record player.As a vegetarian, I had hoped for more options for vegetarians, but there is really only a veggie sandwich available.My only complaint is the doorman. While I do understand that it is his job to keep things in order, there is no reason for him to be exceptionally rude to paying customers who are just trying to get a cup of coffee or a drink.
5	We had such a great time here. Stumble into a Spoken Word Nite. Really great! And they have beer too!
5	The coffee, the sandwiches, the croissants are all excellent. The music is terrific, and the galleries are wonderful. My favorite spot in downtown Vegas.
5	Wicked staff, groovy beats, smooth lattes, soul soothing sandwiches, and beer on tap.This lil gem is as good as it gets up on Fremont!
4	The fact that I was here 3 times in the span of 4 days is a true testament to how much I like a place! Aside from free wi-fi, The Beat boasts some of the nicest staff I've encountered in a coffee shop. They didn't seem to mind that I was spread out with my work gear for hours on end. And to that I say, thank you kindly. The breakfast croissant is full of bacon and egg and is a hearty little meal, but I think the best bang for your buck is the $3.99 Greek Yogurt, fruit and granola. So good. I had this twice. Depending on who makes it, your mug will be runneth over or just a little under, but both ways make for great mornings. The coffee is good, the Italian sodas are plentiful (refills on tea are only $1) and there's quiet work space in the back and plugs near the front. A leg stretch and a walk around will also reveal rad records and posters. All in all, I'd say it's a winner!
4	I really love this down to earth coffeeshop in Downtown LV a skip away from Fremont Street. The staff and baristas are super friendly and will cater to your needs - there was a vegan couple ahead of me in line in which they modified their orders to fit their dietary needs.Food is good, and everything is freshly made in house. Coffee is also great and in the evening they serve beer on tap! They also have a section of records, posters, and even an art gallery up front and in the back. They will also occasionally have bands and performers. It really feels like a local joint that has a free, creative, friendly spirit - what you really would expect from Downtown LV, away from the strip.They also spin records up front as their background music, so great! :)
5	I stopped in after 7pm and was greeted by the bouncer asking for my ID. They serve beer after this time as well as wine. My husband opted for the New Castle and yes I opted for the hot coffee and a chocolate croissant. The coffee was great and it beats the big coffee chains any day. The croissant was ok and the service was quick and very friendly. The bouncer was also friendly. It was some what busy. Overall I really enjoyed myself there and was able to check out some art. What is there not to like.
4	We popped in during the day to get something cold to drink. The set-up is way-cool: vinyl section in the back, zines and reading section, art galleries in the back. I had an Italian soda made for me by a very friendly barista. It's a cool place to hang out that beats the corporate knock-offs any day.
5	Best iced Earl Grey I've ever had- I didn't even have to add my cancer-inducing amount of Splenda!!Great ambiance, not so crowded in afternoon.Excellent place to just sit and dick around on the computer, or chill out.
4	why have i waited so long to try this coffeehouse? I'm pretty much a fan after 2 visits.i tried the infamous sandwich. the slap and tickle. at first i was skeptical with the peanut butter, jelly, jalapenos, and bacon. i love all 4 of those things so why wouldn't i enjoy it? the taste is something else. in a great way. i split a whole sandwich with a friend and wish i had ordered my own. i could have kept eating it. the flavors were intense. first sweet then spicy. i am glad i had some ice coffee to wash it down with.the first time i visited the beat last Thursday there were two girls working who were extremely friendly and chatted it up with my friend and i. even reminded us to check out the FEED farmers market. they made my iced caramel latte to perfection. no syrup, just the sauce and it was still pretty strong. i loved every little bit of it.i returned earlier this week with another friend to one girl who wasn't there last Thursday. she wasn't quite as friendly and it was really slow. eh, whatever. some people have those days. my iced caramel latte didn't taste quite the same as before but i didn't complain. that experience was alright.i will def be back but in hopes to see the first two girls. i enjoyed their company. the reading books are great and i love the records in the back. i also want to come back for their happy hour on a weeknight. get my slap and tickle fix!
5	This is exactly where I would go for a late night study session or even a place to find inspiration.The Beat offers coffee, food, and alcoholic beverages after a certain time.Connected to the Beat you will find Emergency Arts.  if you walk into the back of the coffee shop, here you will find numerous rooms showcasing various artist's work. The part I think I fell in love with the most was their Zine library. You have a selection of zines (self made magazines) from all over the place, ranging from literature, poetry, art, music, comics and I'm sure there's more but I just can't remember.  The zines are organized by categories and also color coded so that way its easy to reorganize.  This is such an inspirational place for me.  I need to come back and take the Zine workshop they offer every last Thursday of the month (must remind myself).Mondays they have Spoken Word where they have open mic (poetry!) & live dj's from 7pm-12am.  Open mic from 7:15-9pm & Dj set @ 9-12am.
4	Good place to get work done during the day and have a good sandwich or coffee. I really like it. I think most of the people who work there are friendly. Nice place to hang out.
5	Visiting Downtown Vegas from Portland, OR for a day and a half getaway. One of the problems in gambling venues is that there are very few places to sit down and relax that aren't at a gaming table or slot machine. I was walking to the El Cortez from the Fremont Street Experience and found the Beat. What a GREAT place!The Beat is very much like many of the coffeehouses back in Portland. Super friendly, wifi, comfortable, and eclectic. There a number of little artist nooks in the back of the shop. It just felt right as soon as I came in.I had a latte which I really enjoyed. There was a good looking food menu, although I didn't try anything during this visit.My laptop and I will definitely stop in again on my next visit.
4	Are you cool? Ok do you at least pretend to be cool sometimes? Well then stroll on up to The Beat with your cool self, this place was made for you. With neighbors like Vanguard and The Griffin, The Beat has a lot to live up to. Personally I think it does that and more. Best part is it doesn't just come alive at night. Working downtown, I've learned the place does a nice weekday lunch business too! I've always had great service here, the staff is friendly and patient (I'm indecisive). There's a great selection of wraps (Chicken Caesar was fresh and light), baked goods (my croissant was buttery and delish) and coffee drinks galore. As a Starbucks loyalist (I will not be judged!) I rarely veer from my beloved cup, but I can vouch for the iced coffee here. Strong, just like I like it. But my favorite part about the place is the environment. You can slap your iPad on the counter and eat there or grab a couch or table seat and get comfy. Go more than once because your eyeballs won't have time to capture everything in one visit. There are zines in the back, flyers for local events up front and an art gallery down the hall. If reading isn't your thing the people watching is prime as well. The Beat is like visiting Portland but you drove down Las Vegas Blvd to get there. It embodies the Fremont East feel, but you don't feel like you need a Death Cab tattoo to fit in.
3	I adore coffeehouses.  If not to get some excellent java but to check out local artwork and just lose hours doing nothing - surfing the web/Nintendo DS/sketching/people watching.  I've spent almost four years here in Vegas with minor excursions to the downtown area, almost ashamed that I haven't been to the "major" coffee house of Las Vegas.  While it's location is pretty sweet and the vibe/crowd is pretty fun, I was kinda disappointed in a few minor ways that made me go with three vs. four stars.First off, the location is great.  Right by Insert Coin(s), ample parking on off nights, on the corner of Fremont Street where you can spend a great time just people-watching (or stumbling, as you will.)  I had no trouble getting to it and parking was nearby for after-hours street parking.Second, their space and how they use it is excellent.  Yoga practice upstairs on occassion, magazines and board games as well.  The record shop with the "you control the music" vibe is awesome, although a double edged sword - (A drunk woman who was loud and obnoxious ripped a record off from Beatles to Kraftwerk and defiantly defended her decision to a quiet, bothered room who obviously wasn't charmed by her doing so in the middle of a song and just stared at her, unamused.  Myself included.)  My barista was a sweet girl with glasses who talked with me a bit about yelp and my sandwich (Croque Monsieur) and my Mocha came out pretty speedy, served in a metal tray and mug, respectively.  I enjoyed the sandwich and mixed greens they served, with a light trace of mustard that I normally do not dig but juuuust light enough to add a tang to it.  The whole meal cost 14 bucks which I thought was a little steep but they ARE on Fremont and have some bills to pay.  My Mocha was old-school, not Starbucks-sweet but a decent rich Chocolate.  Not amazing NOR was there whipped cream (grumble), but it was passable.The chairs they primary use I thought were pretty uncomfortable.  I moved to the couch after a while and just relaxed on there. My two main complaints: Why are they not 24 hours considering there is a crowd for it and 2:What an -extremely- limited menu.  I don't care about wine or beer.  Shoot, I could go next door or across the street and get some!  There are bars galore in Vegas; you're a coffeehouse, have some gusto!  Offer some Turkish coffee!  Offer some Macchiatos!  Offer some Vietnamese Coffee!  Do it right and expand that menu to beyond what I can get at Starbucks!  And at LEAST if you're going to offer alcohol, offer Irish Coffee or shots of Bailey's or Kahlua in it to make dessert drinks.  Make use of that liquor license!  I was just shocked at the size of the menu on the wall.  Definitely room for improvement there!
4	Good service. Very interesting place.  Great location.  Good coffee and beer, and great people watching.  We always stop there when we are downtown.
4	I promised that I would re-review this place if I could go in and have an experience that didn't destroy anyone's life in the name of customer service.So I did just that this morning.  My sister and I wanted coffee, so we stopped in, had a nice cup of joe, the music was decent, the overall vibe was decent, the customer service was spot on, and worked well to accentuate this return visit.I wanted so badly to like this place from my last review, and here I am, on the precipice of second chances.  And what do you know?  For all of our sakes, I can finally say it: I really DO like this place.Now I just want to return, peruse their record collection for some unique, quirky album, and try out some of their other foodstuffs.I still need to work on my poem from last time, though.  I may call it "Despair's Jamocha".
5	"Where everybody knows your name..."If you have ever heard the theme song from "Cheers" and got that warm et fuzzy feeling then you will feel right at home at the only cool coffeehouse / hang in Las Vegas, "The Beat."I have yet to settle down for a spot of work here and not run into everyone.Who. Is. Anyone.Really. I swear.From politicians to local starlets (Hello Princess Ann!), this is the place to sit back and watch the world go by Vegas style. I could come here for the people watching alone, however, where else can you also decide to throw some Rolling Stones or "Thank God It's Friday" on the record player (NOT JUKEBOX! Thank you very much!) while you are munching on some of the house specialties and discussing the state of everything? With everyone.I ask?So.Let's get down to the munchables. Shall we?We shall.My own personal fave is the Croque Monsieur, a delicious, cheesy bit of perfection. Let's be honest here, you slap some dead pig on a crunchy bread and smother it in tangy cheese and you have this chubbette in your hands like a Kardashian in front of a camera.Smitten.You can pretty much order anything here and be more than happy. Most everyone I know loves the "Slap & Tickle."Oh. Stop. Dirty minds are the Devils bocce ball court."Slap & Tickle" is The Beat's own little take on the classic Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich.Well. After you add Bacon and Jalapenos.You do add Bacon and Jalapenos. Don't you?Well. Now. You. Will.Owners, Jennifer and Michael Cornthwaite are what one might call "Downtown Royalty". Much like their counterparts further south in the Downtown Arts District (officially the "18b District" but I can't stand that name. Sounds like it's trying to hard to be Austin. Or someplace with good public transportation.) have been flying the Downtown flag for years and years before local politicians decided it was a good applause line to tout "the revitalization of Downtown" (spare me.). The Beat is located in the much larger "Emergency Arts Center" where, especially on the weekends, you are bound to find everything from great art, vintage LP's (it's a vinyl disc that makes music magically appear.), art, fashion and even a fancy hairdresser and hip production company. I believe in airline terms, it's a "hub".Of cultura.Hints:Get a table near the window if you want to be left alone. You won't be, but, you will look dramatic and rather Zelda Fitzgerald sitting by the window in an Edward Hopper sorta way. When your friends see you, the first thing they will think is, "they've taken up reading." Or some such flattery.Park at The El Cortez. But. Make sure you walk through the casino to The Beat just across the street. Why? Well, I said so. Oh, you need a reason? Fine. because it is the coolest place on the planet! Okay?Block at least two hours to be there and expect to stay longer. Once you settle in, you may never want to leave. Me? I take my meetings there. Back to back. I have gone from early am to sundown sitting my life away in my Zelda table many a day.It's that cool.Oh yeah.They have coffee too.http://vegasstyleguy.blogspot.com/2011/10/downtown-las-vegas-beat.html
4	I love the Beat. I am not a coffee drinker, so I won't review that. All I have had here is the Tropical Smoothie and the Mac & Cheese and both were tasty delights! The atmosphere is very laid back and welcoming and I love their zine collection in the back. Last time I was there I read a little poetry book that had a poem about a girl who dropped her ring in the toilet or down the drain, I can't remember which it was, but it was funny. So yeah...The Beat is definitely worth a visit.
4	I enjoy this place.  Given, I've only been here a handful of times, but the times I have been here, they've always been pleasant experiences.  I've come here to grab some tasty food (the fancy-pants ham & cheese, the mixed greens dressed in some vinaigrette, and the raspberry Italian soda - nom nom nom) and to visit with friends before heading out for the evening.  Y'know how sometimes you feel awkward having a meal by yourself and you default to reading a book and/or immersing yourself in the news on your smartphone?  No, just me?  Well, I didn't feel awkward here having a meal by myself.  The vibe is relaxed and unpretentious, and there's lots of stuff to take in as far as the decor goes.  And it's great for people watching, both the patrons and the people walking outside.
5	FUN place.... GREAT food... AWESOME service... This is my new hangout for sure!
5	I came here for the weekly CouchSurfing.org meetup, and was very confused.  It's a coffeehouse, but they serve beer here.  Better yet, we were there during happy hour and they had $1 PBR's.  They were also rocking a full album on their record player.  And they had free wifi.  All positives, so how can I give them anything other than 5 stars?
3	We had our Yelp book club get together at the Beat Coffeehouse last night.  There's a small room behind the food counter on the way to the gallery section that has a high table and 8 chairs--perfect for our needs.Instead of coffee, I had a strawberry/banana smoothie.  It was quite good although I thought it was pricey for the size I got.
5	I always walked pass this place and wondered what is going on inside. Last night I finally got to try it out as I was there for the Yelp Holiday Bazaar event. Here I won't review the event but the special turkey sandwich that I ordered. This sandwich was their sandwich of the day or something like that and it was amazing. Sliced turkey breast on top of a brotchen with lettuce, and cheese and some other things that made this one of my favorites. The first thing that came into my mind when I bit into the sandwitch was: where the heck did they find brotchen in Las Vegas????? That is one of the things I miss about Germany and I hope they share their secret brotchen location with me. Anyways, I will be going back there to try more on their menu.
3	Perfect spot in a slowly developing area that is screaming hipsterville oasis amongst the glorious people watching downtown area.Comfortable enough seating.Great record collection.Pretty good coffee.Still- nothing spectacular about this particular coffee shop.  We came here twice during our stay in Vegas and both times left something to be desired.Like cream...Both times the creamer drip spout had run dry well before I arrived.  I realize this is the desert, but a man in the 21st Century should be able to get cream for his cup of java, right?  After all, I can get a prime rib deal and inexplicably fresh seafood at pretty much any establishment in town.Once I went up for coffee refills and not a single one of the four employees asked if I needed anything for at least 90 seconds.  Then, after asking for the coffee refills and paying for them, and handing over my mug to be refilled, the woman answered the phone and walked away.  Luck be a lady, someone else felt obligated a minute or so later to ask what I'd like to order.  She also needed to check with Ms. Phone Call that I paid up already and those mugs sitting next to the drip coffee spouts were in fact mine.  Mrs. Phone Call let me know later, amongst my search for cream, that it was the police on the line.  I can respect her respect for authority...  Just as long as they can restock that creamer spout.With all that said, I can see this place being a nice spot to get a cup in the morning, sit back and read a bit, and people watch.
5	Las Vegas isn't really a town that's conducive to the independent shop-it's a convenience town. It's not a knock, it's a fact. The Beat is a little beacon of hope in the land of franchisees and chain everything, serving up solid coffee, fantastic food and a fresh, unique coffeeshop experience.You'll find lots of good tidbits about The Beat in the reviews, but some of the positives for me are the coffee (duh) and theirs is sourced from Colorado River Roasters, a local resource. Their menu line-up is just as creative as it is delicious and changes seasonally! Most recently I had the chicken salad wrap-perfect proportions of salad and wrap and had a finishing touch of spicy dijon. It had a wonderful bite to it that had me thinking about it for days after! Follow them on Twitter or Facebook and you'll be updated as menu changes occur. They also serve beer and wine and it turns into a 21+ establishment after 7PM which I can appreciate.As if great coffee and food isn't enough, The Beat has a heart for the arts and plays host open mic nights and live local music. They have a great space with windows that look out onto Fremont which makes for some great people watching in the evening hours! There's plenty of seating whether it's two top tables, at the bar or in the comfortable couches.The service has always been genuinely friendly and personable-not something you get a lot of in town. I've never struck out with a staff recommendation food-wise, so if you're stumped on what to get, just ask!The Beat has something that a lot of places locally don't have-character. And that makes all the difference!
4	No one coffeehouse fits all types, but I would say that more different types of people will like this place than not, and will travel to downtown Las Vegas from all parts of the valley to enjoy the scene here, which is what I assume the owners intend. In my case, it's certainly true, and given that there are many people here at all times, I can't be the only one who feels that way about The Beat. Its cross-cultural and intergenerational appeal might seem amazing given that it's only been part of the Vegas cultural scene for little over a year, but we cannot forget that the owners are quite connected downtown and are developing other projects in connection with more sustainable downtown life in mind.So The Beat is definitely a concept coffeehouse. It did not organically grow up in place but was conceived in the mind elsewhere and brought to a vacant spot in downtown just east of the Fremont Street Experience. But even in that it's very Vegas- just as Imperial Rome, Paris, Italy, Monte Carlo, etc. were imitated here to draw certain types of people to the Strip, so The Beat was artificially planted downtown to act as a magnet of sorts for a "creative class"  to revive downtown- a "master planned community" of funky and creative types beyond the typical tourist or old-time Las Vegan, since the area's revival also includes Insert Coin(s), First Friday, Zappos and the like. And indeed, like all good independent coffeehouses, particularly in major European cities, The Beat has realized its dream of becoming a cultural hub for local creativity of all kinds, be it those active in media, politics, art, information technology, social entrepreneurship, creative writing...in short, a who's who of the "creative class" in Las Vegas and its movers and shakers in downtown politics. Other reviews have name-checked those who are regular guests so I won't repeat that, but you can definitely bet - assuming you know what they look like- our emerging elite of twenty- and thirtysomethings active in downtown revival, KNPR celebrities, etc. will easily be spotted day or night. Because a record store is also located on one side of The Beat, music is also a big part of what the scene inside is like, with quirky and eclectic choices being played over the speakers and/or live performances adding more spice to the evening. I have not yet mentioned the coffee itself, because also like important coffeehouses elsewhere, sometimes the quality of coffee and the service in the place are secondary to the actual experience- the conversations, music, ideas floating back and forth, silent contemplation of the tourists going by, etc. But the coffee is indeed quite good and the beans are intentionally sourced from a local roaster. The espresso and cappuccino also well-crafted by baristas who might not always be the most friendly, but always competent at their craft. For those lamenting the lack of true "Vegas culture" in town, I say: Leave the Strip, Summerlin, Green Valley or Henderson areas and have a coffee or two at The Beat. Within minutes, you will see that there is a cultural moment here, one that has its epicenter at this at once contrived yet fully authentic independent coffeehouse.
2	Usually love this place and make the effort to drive here from Henderson. Today, the staff member behind the counter couldn't be bothered to get off the phone to take my order. Later, she decided to blast her i-Pod full of hip hop at deafening levels. First time feeling unwelcome here so I'll give it another shot but I hope they don't lose their good vibe due to poor hiring.....
5	My friend brought me to this local spot when i was telling him that I need a place in Vegas to go to that wasnt too commercial. They are a coffee house that has a bar, sells art & vinyl and is located off the strip. Locals will love this place
5	Hey, So I eat here nearly every day so it must be doing something right. I love the atmosphere, there's always a buzz of activity. Great music playing off records that customers can select.  lots of seating, a window facing Fremont street, and its super cozy. The staff is friendly, clean, and prompt. The Food is healthy, delicious and reasonably priced.  They serve Beer after 7pm, and there's usually a band or an open mic night or some poetry going on any night of the week. The Daily specials are always delicious, and their menu, though it doesn't mention it, is quite flexible. I like to get their fruit smoothies Without honey and Milk/Yogurt added, and My favourite thing to eat is the baked mac and cheese  (but I request zucchini and mushrooms to be added to it) Right now Im obsessing over the black tea they have called "Paris" with milk and honey its amazing. Make sure you tip the staff. they're worth it. :)
4	Great vegetarian food, quite a few different option and everything was delicious! Free wifi. Went during an open mic night and heard some nice acoustic music. Wish they had a few big comfy chairs, that would make this place perfect!
5	This place rocks.  It seems like during the days it's full of Zappos employees eating lunch (saw two Zappos credit cards there) and at night they have various events going on like spoken word, etc.  Great vibe, very chill and of course they have free and fast WiFi too.  I've eaten the breakfast croissant which was great (the nice thick cut peppered bacon is a nice touch) and the next day had a croque monsier which is not that big, but it's tasty and comes with a side salad too...
5	There is a lot happening here on a nightly basis - great place for a great coffee or a great beer - I highly recommend!
4	Nice to see an independent business of ANY kind in Vegas. We had coffee, no food, and it was generally good but it depended on who was brewing. I forget her name but she was cute, Asian, and wore glasses. She makes a damn fine brew.We stopped for a late night beer to decompress from the Strip.  Nice and chill.
4	The place where art is coming back to Las Vegas. The place is homey, and well lit.Service is friendly , fast , and accommodating. Especially nice, for those wanting a little coffee, or a specialty beer like Gulden Draak. Recommend the pizza!
4	The space is nice.  Get there early Saturday morning and you find yourself surrounded by business types, hungover hipsters, and yogi's alike.  The brews are tasty, as this place has one of my favorite Americano's in town.  The food is fresh and there's something for everyone: the inner/outer fatty's, the vegan, the health conscious, etc.  They make everything to order unlike some overpriced coffee shops (yea I'm talking to you Starbucks...your Artisan Veggie Sandwich has no veggies, and the multicolored flecks in in my egg patty don't count as artisan).As a Veg, I appreciate a place that lets me sub out my meat option for some fresh veggies, like avocado, and doesn't charge me extra.It's thoughtfulness like this that keep me coming back a happy camper!
4	I really like this place. Coffee is really good. I work near the area so ocasionally drop by to have a brew. Baristas are always friendly. I havent had any food yet. At nights, there are live bands. The place is kind of hipster but cozy.
5	My fav coffee house in Vegas. But it is oh so much more. Music, art and great vibe all rolled into a coffee shop with the best service, snacks and atmosphere. Get here now!
3	I have been here a couple of times and I must say that despite its hipster vibe, it's alright in my book.  The first time I came here was during a weekday lunch.  A colleague and I had training at court downtown and I suggested we hit this place up since it was sorta kinda nearby.  Most importantly, it was different and I had been meaning to check this place out.  I ordered a standard chicken wrap while my friend ordered something that completely caught me off guard: The Slap and Tickle which is a PB & J with bacon and jalapenos on white bread. She apparently understands the meaning of trying something different whereas I was kicking myself for not even spotting this hit on the menu.  Thankfully my colleague/friend is a sharing and caring kind of woman and allowed me a bite of her sandwich.  My wrap was like eating a lame ass bologna sandwich compared to hers.  She suggested my wrap was at least "healthier" than what she ordered, with the white bread and all.  I'm sure she was trying to make me feel better about my lunch choice, but honestly, I left kicking myself for not ordering/seeing the Slap and Tickle on the menu.  There's always next time.Next time came, but I had no intention of ordering the Slap and Tickle. I was out with my mom that evening, having just dined elsewhere.  We decided to puruse the wax selection on this visit.  Their vinyl collection was okay, nothing huge like Amoeba on Sunset or even Zia on Sahara.  But nevertheless, the collection exists and the music playing that Friday evening was pretty choice.  I may have even mentally set aside a couple of albums I would want to buy at a later time.  Then I noticed one album up on the wall that I just had to have: a collector's 7-inch Duran Duran single with their picture on it.  Every album on the wall had a price, except this one.  When I asked one of the girls behind the counter how much, she didn't know and added she didn't think the albums on the wall were for sale.  She figured they were mere wall decorations.  She was nice enough, even if she couldn't name a price.  She didn't own the place but said that the owner would be in from Canada at some point to slap a sticker on it.  Yeah, by then I'm sure some other Duran freak like me would snatch it up.  Thanks anyway Kid!In summation, my experiences at The Beat Coffeehouse have been pleasantly hit and miss.  Hit because I never really had a bad experience there.  Miss because there's been a couple of things they offered I could've ordered/wanted but did not/could not have during that particular visit.  Maybe during my next visit, I won't miss a beat.  Ba ha ha!EPILOGUE: I did end up with that collectible 7-inch Duran Duran single.  Thank you Mommy for going back a week later to discover a price tag on it and purchasing the "wall decoration" that it is.
4	A nice coffee house in downtown Vegas. I had some good espresso shots, which made up for my initial disappointment at not being able to order a beer (which are only available after 7).The ambiance is nice and relaxing and it was nice to find something besides Starbucks in Vegas. I'd go back again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	The Beat is the closest thing Vegas has to the cool little independent coffeehouses I remember frequenting in Venice or Hollywood - we're talking waaaay pre-Starbucks.  At The Beat you can enjoy relaxed and friendly service, cool tunes being spun on a turntable for your auditory pleasure, books and magazines galore to peruse or just hole up in a window seat and do some of the best people watching in town.  There are a lot of weekly events going on and The Beat is becoming the heart of a nice little growing community of tech folks, artists, writers and musicians.I'm not a huge coffee drinker and usually find myself at The Beat after 7:00 pm - which is when they start serving beer and wine.  You can't beat the $1 Draft Pabst Blue Ribbon during Happy Hour!  If I'm going to splurge they have a nice Spanish red wine on the menu too. I kind of wish they had more vegan options - but I really enjoy the hummus and crostini platter with olives if I'm going to have a bite.
5	Funky cool vibe really enjoyable place to hang out and meet some really cool people doing some incredible things.. I have ordered the club sandwich which was great and the staff has always been very pleasant the prices are moderate. I'am not a coffee drinker so I  can't vouch for the coffee side of things.
3	Its one of those places that makes you forget you are in Vegas.Diverse crowds, people actually reading and/or conversing. Great coffee and pastry. I wouldn't say this is a great place to meet people, but more like a great place for people to meet. If you and your group want to see something else in Vegas besides clubs and drunk people dancing you can go here for stimulating ambiance.
5	For Las Vegas this is a gem!!  There are no other laid back, hip coffee shops like this.  And they serve alcohol after 7p...  A great addition to Downtown!!
4	Im going to say that I really love upstairs more because it is a little more mellow. I love that one can use http://counterless.com/ and order food to the usrlib.  The peanut butter and bacon sandwich sold me. I am very spoiled by Sambalatte and coffee wise they just don't compete.
5	Sometimes things in life are so glorious you dont need to ask questions. This was one of those times. I managed to drunkenly purchase five postcards of Matt Damon's face here.  I then hastily sent them off to my friends.My rating of The Beat Coffeehouse: 5/5 My five friends who received the Matt Damon postcards rating of The Beat Coffeehouse: 0/5Everyone wins!
4	A real coffee house downtown, the Beat has ambiance, good service, and great food.  On this visit, I went with my vegan friend and ordered what she ordered:  a vegan wrap and a soy strawberry-banana smoothie.  Both were good, but the vegan wrap got a little soggy with the vinaigrette dressing dripping out.  This is not like a Starbucks, so don't expect shiny and new.  This place has cool vinyl album covers on the walls, battered chairs and tables, and books on the shelves for you to read.  I feel like I'm in San Francisco when I'm there, and I love SF.  Apparently it's the place where all the movers and shakers of the city congregate, too, but that just makes it cooler--the Beat is for everyone to hang out, have a coffee, and lounge.
5	I still love this place!  We stopped in last night and had a sandwich.  I don't think it had a name...it was a special.  Prosciutto, leaf parsley, cabbage, and some mustard sauce.  Whatever it was...it was amazing.  My wife and I were splitting one, and we had to go buy another.  It is not really fair, this place just has too many great things going on, the SEC is probably going to break this monopoly up soon, and try to spread the awesomeness out.
2	Food and coffee average. Open mic on Monday not run well and usually not great artists (Let the artists only do one piece at a time, that way they won't skip out before everyone has gone up and the room won't be empty.  If they want to do a 2nd piece they should go to the bottom of the list.).  The art portion in the back is weak, at least the presentation.  You wouldn't even know there was art for sale/on display in the back if you didn't ask someone or were in the art scene.Whatever, I go to the place to support downtown.  The crowd is laid back and not overly hip as you'd expect.  It's also a nice change of pace for Vegas.
4	Great mochas, and they help host the vegas tech movement and are very welcoming when it comes to the tech and business startups.  Very entrepreneur friendly.  Lots of people come in and just work and sip coffee.  It's an amazing atmosphere, very inspiring and chill...nice to get away from the chain coffee houses to work and get your caffeine on.
4	I love that this coffeehouse shares space with a Burlesque shop, a used record store and an art studio. Great vibe. Great people working there. The coffee was average at best. But the breakfast we ordered was sinfully delish. This restaurant isn't big on posting details on each of the dishes -- so ASK. We ordered the baked French Toast that, had we been in the mood for super-gooey FT, this would have hit the spot. But we weren't. That said, I won't hold it against the restaurant. For $5 and change, this toast had everything -- beautiful swirls of chocolate on the plate, fresh sliced strawberries, nuts, whipped cream. To die for if you want your pastries battered and baked.... but again, we didn't. So minus one star for "lack of communication."
5	Full disclosure: I rarely drink coffee, whether on vacation or in my native Detroit and its surrounding suburbs. However, my best friend, a coffee drinker, was so overjoyed with her mocha, she asked me to try it, so clearly, you'll have to sip to decide.As we were staying at the El Cortez Hotel and Casino across the street, The Beat was a logical place to start our day. V-E-R-Y laid back atmosphere, so perhaps that's from where the negativity about service arises. While not overtly prompt, the staff with whom we dealt were both friendly and helpful, with my coke and my friend's mocha and muffin arriving within two or three minutes. The coffeehouse is base business in Vegas's Emergency Arts Center, which is a wonderfully unique combination of art-focused businesses and space, all in a converted medical facility. Only someone who dislikes art, food, coffee, people, quirky spaces and comfortable seating could find fault with all of the things contained herein, but some of these reviews led me to believe not one, but a few of those folks are out there. It's a (bleepin') locally run coffeehouse for (bleep's) sake. Calm down. Better yet, grab a cup of Joe or get something stronger at any of the many, many places on Fremont Street.We walked past or into the place every one of our five days downtown and it was always moderately busy (busier during the morning commute and at night when live entertainment was happening). A variety of local organizations seem to host meetings here and one such group was meeting early afternoon when I stopped in to see The Burlesque Hall of Fame, which, despite the listing of hours on its door, was only open ONCE in those aforementioned five days - and even then, its hours were shortened. My only complaint about the space is directed at the BHOF, since I would gladly have toured the museum and purchased endless amounts of merchandise. This alone was my only disappointment here and has very little to do with The Beat Coffeehouse or Emergency Arts, other than asking if this was typical to the staff of the museum. Apparently it is, so CALL before visiting the BHOF, especially if you're going to make a special trip and/or aren't staying downtown.Prices were good, the space is comfy and the jillions of records and memorabilia for show or for purchase make it a nice place to visit, even if only for 30 minutes. Locals seem to like it and that's always a good sign for me when visiting. The limited exposure we had to a performance was positive, especially when there's no cover (Vegas isn't as free as it once was, folks!), but be prepared to show ID after 8 or 9 PM. The hours make it a perfect place to drop in either early or late and the free wi-fi is definitely a plus!
4	On an early Wednesday morning I find myself at The Beat Coffeehouse (and Record Store), located within the downtown conglomerate that is east Fremont Street, one of the integral spots contributing to (or perhaps, being contributed to) the revival of downtown Las Vegas.A plethora of characters are abound: The downtown business people plugging away relentlessly on their MacBook Air, double espresso in close reach; or the hipstery college students donned in colorful wayferers, one who brought along a puppy; the artsy poetic types away in a corner, pen and paper in hand; groups of people deep into discussion; and me, soaking it all in to the soundtrack of Herbie Hancock's post-bop beats.Sure, there may not be towering skyscrapers out the window, or the blistering buzz of city traffic. Instead my view is treated to the decaying remnants of old Las Vegas, the occasional deadbeat, the sporadic city slicker or the confused tourist. More than anything, it feels like a downtown coffeehouse should, albeit missing some typical downtown elements.While the coffee and drinks menu is somewhat lamentable -- offering but a few coffee staples, the odd smoothie, or an Italian soda -- the edibles make up for it, at least a little.I went with a mocha -- a standard but trusted companion of mine, especially on a morning like this -- and since I wasn't quite in the mood for breakfast, a beef brisket sandwich.The mocha was pretty good -- nothing out of the ordinary (but is it ever?), and the beef brisket was delicious, especially with the addition of a pretzel bun and a tasty, tangy mustard.The record section (yes, vinyl only), is primarily composed of '60s and '70s rock and jazz. You won't find Jack White or the Alabama Shakes' latest -- but you can pick up Miles Davis' classic Bitches Brew or Black Sabbath's Paranoid.Of course the independent coffee house staple bookcase is also present, containing a slew of textbooks, a collection of Pulitzer Prize winning photographs and several copies of "4 Essentials of Entrepreneurial Thinking" (Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh is a regular here) among others.At 7 p.m. every night, the quaint, quiet coffee shop transforms into a bar, and features a variety of open mic nights, meetups and more. While I have yet to visit during the nightly escapades, I'll definitely stop by next time.If you want a unique spot to meet up with your study group, to hang out and talk with friends, or just enjoy the atmosphere,  well then look no further -- The Beat Coffeehouse has your needs met.Originally written for and published in The Rebel Yell: http://www.unlvrebelyell.com/2012/05/03/the-beat-goes-on/
5	Go for lunch!! It was so good, We went two days in a row.  Great quality ingredients, interesting flavors, generous portions.  Salad Niciose highly recommended - nice greens and tuna, delicious marinated zucchini, tender haricot verts, hard boiled egg, olives, and melt in your mouth dressing.  Beef brisket great too. And zucchini salad (they added chick peas for me).  Great service (quick and friendly).  Short easy walk from the Golden Nugget.  Refreshing change from the typical Vegas experience).
5	Great breakfast and Internet too! Breakfast sandwich was so yummy; especially with coke in a bottle!
4	Yummy beers on draft, Excellent coffee choices and Fantastic food...I have been in for event and just to relax and get a snack.The Beat is very well done and the vibe is welcoming and engaging.Monday night Open Mic is a great day to give The Beat your first look :)
4	If you're looking for atmosphere you'll love this place! This place is the hub of 'everything!' Vinyl records spin on the counter top, in your mind and your imagination while you sip your coffee. The beef brisket sandwich rocks! Great place to meet, watch bands, innovate, discuss your new start-up company with your team, etc. Take a walk around the Emergency Arts building, check out all the art and then sit down and enjoy your second cup of coffee. You could be there all day. Maybe switch to the beer at night. Bottoms up!
5	I adore this place. Besides being connected to Emergency Arts and having usr/lib upstairs, you hear great music from a record player and the food is delicious. You can sit for hours on your laptop and finish work while also being a part of the downtown community. My favorite things to order are: the hummus & crostini, the roasted vegetable pizza, and the chai tea latte. Oh & on Monday nights, they have human experience which is an open mic for all sorts of entertainers, and it's a ton of fun.
4	I've been here several times, and think they have some really solid food options.  It totally reminds me of being in Berkeley and the SF Bay Area in general, especially with the section of LP's and artisty/beatnick-esque crowd.  They actually play records for music, which adds to the vibe.With a drink, lunch usually comes out to about $10.  I highly recommend the Slap & Tickle, although its a little heavy.  My second favorite sandwich is the Roasted Veggie Wrap.  I've always had tea or Italian soda with my food, so I have no idea what the coffee is like.
5	Im so obsessed with this place! They have great coffee and also do little events at night such as a free style story telling. that was so fun to watch. If your ever downtown def check this place out.
4	Great place for breakfast. A little pricy and staff a little indifferent, so only four stars. You'll enjoy real, high quality breakfast. We had the croque messieur and the breakfast sandwich (with mushrooms instead of beacon). The mushroom sandwich was served on a pretty authentic croissant.Great!
3	I give this place 3 stars because the ambience is awesome. its super trendy and fun to just sit in there and hang out and work or chat with friends. the food however isn't all that great and their drinks aren't all that great either. I got a smoothie there once and it was completely room temperature and gloopy like there was a ton of yogurt in it. kinda gross but nice to hang out at night and have a beer or two.
5	Talk about a little place of heaven!  You must try this place out.  First off, when you enter, you're definitely in an eclectic coffee shop.  High tops, small tables, bar top with pastries and a chalk board menu.  I love the feel.  You see a lot of business and tech type people on their laptops, sipping coffee or eating sandwiches.  Super cool vibe!Today for lunch, I got the Croque Monsieur for $6.99 plus tax.  I think this is THE BEST thing they have there, hands down!  Ham piled on Texas type toast with mustard.  Then you have the cheese.  Oozing on the top of the sandwich!  I repeat, the cheese was on the outside of the sandwich.  Soo good!  The cheese, although unsure what type, tastes like Swiss, and there's a lot!  This meal is also served with a spring mix and Balsamic glaze.  Very light and airy.  Definitely want to come by and check this place out and get that sandwich!  You won't be disappointed :-)
5	Really good coffee, really good beats, and really cool environment make this a 5 star joint.  The food is OK, but you don't go to a coffee house for the food usually.  It is truly the atmosphere that makes this spot a must visit in the downtown Las Vegas area.  While you may get wrangled by a hot, stinking drunk outside, once you're in it's pure art and magic.  Connected to the Emergency Arts collaborative, there is a feast for the eyes as well as the palate.  Old school records spin classics from the counter and everyone I have encountered is super nice.  A mix of legal people, cops, artists and entrepreneurs can be found sipping coffee from the awesome over-sized mugs, and if you need a break from the coffee, they have a great selection of sodas, beers and other delights.  This is the best place to meet for a conversation downtown in my humble opinion.
4	I've been coming to this place for about a year now and have only remembered to check in once, as of this review... I've totally been slacking. I host a trivia night here every other Tuesday (switching off every other time with one other co-hostess), so granted, I haven't been many times aside from those, but it's mostly like other nights, just with more people than usual. Chef Natalie of eat. restaurant (go check that out, it's amazing!) consulted on the menu here, and it's pretty damn delicious. I haven't had anything yet that I didn't like. The ambiance is like a mix of a laid-back coffee shop mixed with a vintage record shop, which is exactly what they were going for. If you want to go upstairs & wander around Emergency Arts, it's part of the same building. The staff is nice & the prices decent. The only drawback is that they don't start serving beer & wine until after 7pm, & I'd love to be able to kick back with a glass of wine late-afternoon there. But c'est la vie, the place is good at what they do, & if you want to sit back with a sandwich, a cup of coffee, and your trusty laptop, book, or pen & paper, this is a great place to do it. (Also, come to Downtown Trivia night every other Tuesday! It's fun, I promise, and you can win stuff. While you're at it, go check out some of their other themed nights, like open mic on Wednesdays).
4	Great beer selection.  They carry my favorite Belgian beer, Gulden Draak in bottles.  Also high points for unique character, independent ownership, positive support for local artists community groups and downtown Vegas culture.  Great place to meet friends and get acquainted with the Vegas Arts and #VegasTech scene.
4	We found the location via yelp when we we're looking around for breakfast around fremont street experience and stopped by at the Beat Coffeehouse once. The location itself is a really nice and trendy spot. The mixture of coffeehouse and vinyl-shop is nice and snuggish. The menu contains several sandwiches as well as single things to combine. The prices are moderate but ok. The waiters were really nice and friendly. I can recommend to stop by for a coffee here.
5	Me: Well, let's try to find a coffee house close to downtown, since we have to be down there anyway.Thanks to the Yelp app, we found this little spot that is located in the Emergency Arts building which also houses a number of galleries, including the Burlesque Hall of Fame.The Beat has a nice inviting vibe to it.  The barista was friendly and had such a warm smile.  Seating consists of couches, tables, and some high tops.  We ordered two cappuccinos and grabbed a window seat.  Downtown Vegas is an interesting place, because a diverse mix of people walk the streets.  She: Why didn't you tell me?  I wouldn't have come down here so early.I love listening to cell phone conversations!  Apparently the guy she was meeting was running late and she had been sitting alone for a while.  Eventually he showed up.  There was some interview being filmed outside, and then they moved in to the shop either to finish or just relax.  There are bins of vinyl records in the back which was fun to look through.  I hear actual records are making a comeback.The coffee was very tasty!  They also offer beer, wine and food.  My favorite thing was the turntable right next to the register and playing something fun but the tip jar really made me laugh (picture posted).Definitely a great place for coffee and to chill and relax.  I even bought a t-shirt from the burlesque shop....when in sin city!
4	Not a fan of their cappuccino or mocha coffee; however, I love the atmosphere and their three cheese, tomato,and mushroom sandwich--it's not on the menu and I happen to get it because it was offered as one of their "daily sandwiches." I have yet to check out the gallery but I must say it looked pretty neat when I walked by parts of it. So rest assure that this review will have an update!
4	Great little coffee shop in the heart of Downtown LV.  I wouldn't say there's anything spectacular about the coffee, but it's not bad for what it is. The Beat more of a place that you go to for the environment, the work space, and the fact that it also serves food, than if you're looking for coffee (that's more of an added bonus).I worked out of The Beat for several days during a recent business trip to Downtown Vegas.  I tried their drip coffee and their French Press.  Aside from the difference in volume, both seemed to be the same for me.  On a couple of the mornings, I ordered their oatmeal, which was hearty and filling.  When you're on the road for several days on end, nothing beats a healthy breakfast!  For $4.99, my first thought was, this better be good...and it was.  The portion was huge, and it was full of dried fruit! I saw the yogurt parfait that they had, and it looked equally yummy!
5	The Beat is a confusing place. What is it, really? A coffee house? An arts laboratory? An indie records store? If you just walk in and sit, it's a coffee house. Walk further back, and for some reason, albums appear. Walk further than that, and you have a couple of floors of rooms dedicated to the arts. Even further than that - a library!This is pretty cool.I don't have a lot of experience with their foods and drinks. All I know is they have a sandwich called the slap and tickle. It's PB&J, with bacon and jalapenos. Not bad. I've also had a PBR, but that really has nothing to do with their goodness as a coffee house. What I do know about that part of the place is that it is welcoming, buzzing, and alive in many ways. You'll often see people you know, hear someone playing an instrument, or see a crowd discussing something technical.The arts are a bit more mysterious to me there. It seems they rented out all the rooms of this old Fremont Medical Center to artists to fill to their liking. How cool is that! You can browse each room, seeing different artists' styles and tastes all over the walls - even the walls outside their rooms. I like this sort of culture.At the top floor is a library called /usr/lib/. This is full of a variety of books you can relax and read all day (if you are a member - unless it's a Thursday night). There is wifi, and tables for you to bring your laptop and "co-work." If this concept is new to you, it's literally you getting your work done with other people getting their work done - and networking. Come Thursday nights to see what this is all about.The Beat is so many things more than just a coffee house. Come see for yourself. It's the only reason I go downtown.
4	Two blocks from the Fremont Street Experience, the Beat Coffeehouse energizes downtown's cool crowd with sturdy joe, sandwiches, and a browse space that includes a vintage store and a warren of three dozen creative businesses, including galleries and artist studios.
5	Great coffee, amazing energetic vibe, menu of food looked really good and it's all homemade!
3	This is not what you'd expect to find on Fremont Street in downtown Las Vegas. Just a few blocks from the Fremont Street Experience is a cookie cutter artsy cafe that feels like it could be in any town USA. Anywhere except Las Vegas, really.It's a breath of fresh air (literally) in the mess of casinos on the old strip. It's quiet, serves okay coffee, has free wi-fi and offers plenty of comfortable seating. You can't go wrong with any of this.There's also a slew of small businesses and art galleries in the building. You'll walk past a few on your way to the bathroom. As a dumb tourist, I had no idea that this sort of stuff lives and breathes on Fremont Street.Again, the coffee isn't all that great but the location is. Escape the sensory overloaded strip, grab a hot cup and recharge.
4	I am a huge fan of The Beat.  Great art... great food. Old albums everywhere. It's a nice lunch spot. If you are looking for a huge menu then it's not for you. But their specialty sandwiches are delish!
2	Large windows allow Mac owners to be observed in their natural habitat. The chick running the counter had experienced better mornings in her life, but the refreshing early morning smokers growl that escaped from her lips as she asked what type of muffin I would like captivated me.The coffee is delicious though. I would definitely purchase it again...at a different coffee shop.
5	This is where I swooned my girlfriend. Monday nights was my favorite nights because that meant I get to hang out with my crush, have some  $1 special draft or tea or coffee, and some local poets.Vegas, culture has arrived and its at the BEAT COFFEEHOUSE.It's a coffee joint, a good one at that. And what does that mean? Come and be who you are. Don't expect anything fancy in here, as most artists don't care about the glitz and glam, its to get the job done. The BEAT does it. COMFORTABLE, FRIENDLY, INVITING, COME AS YOU ARE place. The BEAT does it. Downtown has definitely coming after its turn. Visit downtown, visit the beat on Monday nights around 7pm and relax and enjoy. Check out everything that is in the building.
5	I love The Beat.  The atmosphere is great, the coffee is good, the baristas are nice, and its the best place to hang out if you are involved in the Vegas tech scene.
4	I like The Beat and have been here a few times over the years but much more often now that it's close to my place. Small menu with a good selection of food, coffee drinks and a pretty nice beer selection. In a city where nearly everything is commercialized crap, I welcome places like this that are a little more, well let's say rustic, as opposed to staged corporate decor. I wish places like this were scattered about the valley so I could stop into them during my daily travels. I find it funny some of the reviews knocking the place for having people on laptops yet those same reviewers can be spotted at the stereotypical corporate coffee houses pretending to work hours on end. At least with the Beat I've never had a problem finding a seat. (Rhyme intended). I also prefer the music here as opposed to the Sheryl Crow type tunes you hear at the other guys.
4	I came here for a first date after looking at yelp reviews. They had a live band playing outside in the street and was very busy. After we settled down and ordered some lattes, I started really liking the ambiance of the inside. This place used to be hospital and the coffee shop itself was the main lobby! It's hard to imagine that there used to be people in stretchers getting rushed to the ER lol. The coffee itself was very good, and then we ordered some food. Both sandwiches were very tasty (I think I ordered the beef and chicken sandwich) After we were done eating, we went upstairs to the art gallery and it was totally awesome. Some of the paintings I really liked, and wouldn't mind buying them for my new place. The art gallery is kinda a maze really and you can easily get lost so be careful.This place is a great place to bring a date! Trust me and you can thank me later. Try to do it when they have a petting zoo set up outside to pet such as: lamb, sheep, llama, and ducks! The cuteness of these animals plus the art gallery will sure put a smile on your date!
4	Very nice, interesting coffee shop. We stopped in for drinks before dinner and really enjoyed the art gallery. If I'm downtown again, I will definitely stop by.
2	Another of my jury duty stops.Reading the reviews for this place left me extremely intrigued about the Slap & Tickle sandwich.  It's not everyday that I get to feel like Andrew Zimmern and a PB&J with Bacon and Jalapenos sounded straight off of an, albeit tame, episode of Bizarre foods.  Sign me up!  I'll start by mentioning that I'm a HUGE fan of music, but I'm happy with my downloads and spotify and though I love the idea behind vinyl and the obsessive nature many music fans have towards it, I myself do not and therefore that aspect of The Beat doesn't particularly garner any points for me.   I was here strictly for the peanut butter and bacon.When I walked in I must have looked so out of place as I missed the giant "ORDER HERE" sign and simply sat down at the first available stool at the bar.  I tried to order a black iced tea from the barista and while making it she pointed me in the direction of the order window I'd been oblivious to.   No, seriously, I'm local.   So I go to the window and place my order for a sandwich, then decide to take a seat at one of the actual tables because I hate stools anyway.A few minutes later I was introduced to my Bizarre Foods: Las Vegas sandwich.  It was decent I guess.  It brought me back a bit since I hadn't had a PB&J sandwich since childhood (my fridge at any point is literally all water, beer, and leftover pizza hut pizza from as recent as a day ago to as long ago as 3 months, just so you know what you're dealing with here).   The bacon offered a nice contrast, but I was a little disappointed in the presence of the jalapeno, or lack thereof.  Occasionally one would give me a quick hit, but I would have preferred more.   All in all it was satisfying in some degree, but not really something I'd return for.   The tea was fine, but also not anything I'd return for.As a final note, after I finished I went to return my tray and also to get a refill on my iced tea.  They let me know it was a dollar and I paid.   At that moment she looked to a gentleman who I had been oblivious to that was apparently looking over the menu.   The barista then says "sorry, he just sorta cut right in front of you"   I apologized profusely and the guy really couldn't have cared less about my "cutting" and still seemed to be perusing.   I thought the barista was a little rude about it via her tone and facial expression which combined I would classify as a "sneer"  The food and drink earn a 3, but my universal yelp review rule #426 dictates that if I'm sneered at by an employee, I drop you a star.
5	Love the chatter of the downtown meet up in here, the place is so chill everyone having meetings and on there laptops and cell phone. Nice place I'll be back as I explore the  revitalization of the Downtown area.
4	After playing a gig at the El Cortez the night before I found myself at The Beat on a Wintery Friday morning to do actual work that pays my rent... I was immediately hooked. I feel like I walked from old school Vegas mafia-ville to a perfectly set up coffee shop in Seattle. It was busy but quiet. There were 2 wifi connections: one I assume for paying guests and a slower open channel for those that were just popping in to suck off the wifi. The slower channel sucked. So since I bought myself a delicious breakfast sandwich I felt entitled to use the better wifi and it worked perfectly. I plopped on a comfy couch and in no time I was answering emails and making phone calls just like I was in my office at home. Just so everyone knows... this was ok at this coffee shop because it was big, busy and everyone was there doing business. I am not the D bag yelling away at my phone disturbing the library-like ecosystem of a quiet coffee shop. Coffee was great. The Breakfast sandwich was great. The prices worked. The atmosphere was awesome. What else can I say? The Beat is ON!
4	I love the combo of the coffee shop and record store, but I like vinyl so that goes without saying. I made a couple visits here on my stay at the El Cortez. The coffee   wasn't memorable and the vegetable wrap was just okay, but it was way better than whatever else I was going to pollute my insides with.I also fell in love with the 30 something barista and her easy-going, "I don't really care" attitude. For some reason I feel like she writes music and sings as well as Jenny Lewis. By the way guys, there's a dearth of John Cougar Mellencamp records here now. My friend bought them all.
5	I came here to try out the usr/lib workspace upstairs, but never left the ground floor. This is a great coffeehouse, and not in a Vegas way - I'm disappointed that it can't be my local hangout.The wifi is as strong as the coffee, and my lunch was modestly-portioned but tasted great. The local coffeehouse crowd was nifty, too, and if I wanted to get back into the neon side of Vegas, the Fremont St Experience was just a block or two away. Next time I'm in town and need somewhere to work, this is where I'll go.
1	Service was extremely slow and the food was horrible. A person in our party had coffee and said it was great, but no one was impressed with the food.
5	On the road with a laptop, I was searching for a place to plunk down and scoop up some free wi-fi.  Unfortunately, it took me a while to find this place.  If I had found it sooner, I might have gotten more work done!Once you find an open outlet (from the nest of extension cords by the windows) and hunker down over some good joe, you'll find the wi-fi quick enough, and the atmosphere pleasant enough to attend to any tasks that you may need to. The breakfast sandwich here is a force to be reckoned with- eggs and bacon on a beautifully made croissant (flaky and authentic!) with cheese, it was healthy enough sized to feed two.  Or me.And if you stay here long enough into the evening, they transition gracefully into an indie music venue.  The beer taps start flowing at 4PM, and when I was there it was open mic night, which a mix of slam poetry, talented musicians, and a few kooks thrown into the mix.All in all, I have to say this place is a credit to Downtown, and adds a dimension of reality to the surreal place that is Fremont St.
1	This place SUCKS. The lady that took my order was not very nice talkative or friendly. I ordered a white chocolate mocha and the lady turns over an ipad towards me and didn't ask me if I wanted to pay cash or cc, she assumed Im just going to pay with a cc, and I thought that was rude. Then on the screen when you sign your signature theres a box if you want to leave tip. Really!!! For the unfriendly cashier. The white chocolate mocha was not made correctly, not sweet at all tasted horrible. I took 2 sips and threw it out.
5	Free wifi - tickGreat coffee - tickEven better breakfast - tickOpen 24 hours? HUGE TICK!For a travelling Aussie with a coffee addiction this place was a bit like home away from home. Except ya'll had weird accents ;)Can't wait to come back and laze around in this place.
5	Walked right off the tourist area into the best coffee shop in Las Vegas.  Loved the hipster friendly vibe and attached art space.  A nice breather from the fake vegas trip.
4	The food here at the Beat is better than the coffee.  The sandwiches and salads are well prepared.  The ambiance encourages people to just be themselves, whether they want to chat with friends, listen to records, chow down on some sandwiches or just left alone to surf on the Internet or read. The location's great as well with plenty of street parking nearby and big windows for people watching.My only complaint is that the coffee isn't that great. I overlook it because of all the other reasons I wrote above. But it is ironic that a coffee house should serve sub par coffee.
4	Small space.... Big flavor! If you are hungry, get the Chicken Salad sandwich or a Slap and Tickle. The coffee ain't bad either.
5	Bring change for the meters.
4	I am so happy I meandered down Fremont street to eventually find this hip coffee shop amidst all the activity in Downtown Vegas.What really struck my interest in this hippy jive java joint was that they pride themselves on a wide range of classic rock music. But the best part is that the music was streaming live from a vinyl record. During my visit, I was able to enjoy the vinyl record of what I think was Elton John's greatest hits. Dogs are allowed inside and there was a slew of all sorts of characters frequenting this local coffee shop. Needless to say, I had a great time people watching while enjoying a strong cup of coffee and banana nut muffin.
3	I popped in to The Beat Coffeehouse after a walking tour of Fremont Street.  It was a nice spot to sit and relax and cool off in the AC after being outside for a couple of hours.  It really reminded me of the coffeehouses I used to hang out in when I was in college.  The whole place seems to be a mishmash of furniture, neighborhoods, and stuff collected at flea markets.  I only had a cold soda, which was bottled, so I can't really comment on the food or drink served in the place, but the menu looked good.  This really isn't a place I would search out, but if I was in the neighborhood and wanted a tea, I would stop in for sure.
5	Great food and beverages. Enjoyed the vibe and diversity of the customers. Artwork was a bonus. Had no idea this place existed. Loving the new downtown.
1	Very disappointed with The Beat! We confirmed one of our NY based bands in this venue to perform acoustically, with a string of correspondence reflecting confirmation, only to have them cancel day of show with zero explanation or apology. Very uncool!So, as you sit there sipping your morning mocha, just know how they are treating musicians.
4	Pretty decent for a small coffeehouse/eatery.
4	On the Fremont Street East Entertainment District the Beat goes on. The Beat Coffeehouse is a coffee house experience that hits the right chord.  The Beat Coffee House is the antithesis of the standard corporate coffee shop chain (still a major Starbuck's fan). It is a symbol of the preservation and revitalization movement occurring in downtown Las Vegas. Standing at the southeast corner of Fremont at 6th Streets, across from the El Cortez, the Beat Coffeehouse lives in a building dating back decades before the records displayed in their bins and walls were recorded. Decades before I was born, the Beat Coffeehouse was a J.C. Penney. The handicap entrance to the current Emergency Arts Building that The Beat shares space with used to be the J.C. Penney catalog showroom. Considering that I am into current history, I am fascinated by this. Anyway, Boulevard Mall opened which took away the J.C. Penny and major retailers from Fremont Street. The Fremont Medical District took over the J.C. Penney. Recently it closed. The innovative spirit happening in downtown turned this into a multi-use building that includes art studios and the Beat Coffee Shop.   The Beat Coffeehouse is an awesome coffeehouse scene. It reminds me so much of an independent coffee shop in downtown New Orleans or San Francisco. When I walk in the doors I see the counter with stools to the left and a chalk board menu beyond. When I order there is a turntable playing the album heard throughout the cafe. If I keep going straight, maybe to use the rest room; I walk through a hall that is now the Emergency Arts. To the right is an art studio separated by pane glass. When I turn around and head toward Fremont Street where I entered the Beat, the record bins will be on my left. A few more feet are the seats. There is an eclectic arrangement of seating from couches to tables and counter stools. If I walk out the door, the Commonwealth (with the Laundry Room), the Griffin, and Don't Tell Mama are across Fremont Street.  The Beat is versatile. Their menu includes coffee, espresso, soup, sandwiches, sweets, and yes wine and beer. I have kind words to say about the strawberry Italian soda and drip coffee with strawberry syrup. Those kind words are "4 stars."  When it comes to a place to hang out, The Beat Rocks. Management has good taste in music. Pink Floyd and coffee really go good together. An activity I enjoyed was when they played a record that I enjoyed but had zero clue who the artist was. Like a little kid chasing an ice cream truck, I'd dash over to the turntable to find out the artist. The windows overlooking the street activity happening on Fremont Street is entertaining. The activity ranges from a character yelling "shut up" to a nighttime sightseeing bus. There are also poetry events.   The Beat Coffeehouse is a unique coffeehouse scene in downtown Las Vegas. And when it comes to the coffee house scene, you can say I march to the beat of a different drum.The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 95.
4	I was staying at Main Street Station, and looking for somewhere to kill a few hours as the GF was busy with school stuff over at the University Medical Center.The Beat was a nice find, easily walkable from the hotel.  It's just east, past the redone part of Fremont, and getting into a little older, more run down part of town.  The  building is definitely older, and the Beat takes up the front portion, while the back contains an art gallery, and some small, one-room offices.  I love this kind of re-use of buildings.  Don't get me wrong, I love sleek, modern spaces, but I'll also geek out about reclaimed space, re-vitalization, and trying to adapt to preserve (or maybe build?) your community.  Eclectic furniture - kind of like that stereotypical college coffee shop, with the mishmash of tables, chairs, couches, etc, but dialed back a degree.There were maybe a half-dozen people camped out at various small two-top tables with laptops, and I joined the crowd.  Mainly younger, artsy/hipster types, with a few geeky looking folks thrown in for good measure.Space was large, not crowded at all.  If I had needed an outlet, that might have been a bit iffy.The space felt like the kind of place you could see a startup getting launched from - there were a few couches in one corner, and it felt like the kind of space you could get a few coders/designers working together in when you weren't yet willing to commit to office space, but didn't want to work out of the apartment.Coffee doesn't stick out in my mind, but the vibe of the place was nice, and definitely let me get some work done on the laptop.
5	Coffee is great.  Food is great.I really enjoy coming to the only real coffee shop in Vegas.  WiFi works really well and I can enjoy my java in peace with a nice lunch.  The people that work here are groovy and the owners seem to be laid back and actually care about the customer experience.This place rocks!!
4	So glad I found this place. Art and good food! Very charming place.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find The Beat was open on Sundays. I had visited a few times before with a group from work, but never paid attention to the hours of operation on the doors. It's a nice break from the run of the mill franchise coffee places. The nostalgia was good and the coffee was great. It kind of reminded me of my college radio days with the vinyl spinning. If you're ever near 6th and Fremont, give it a whirl. I had the "French Press". Highly recommended if you like your coffee strong. Not for those who like to see the bottom of their cup through the coffee!
5	Took the summer off from graduate school in NYC and headed to Vegas for a 3-month fellowship.  There is one place in Vegas that has truly kept me from being homesick and sane...The Beat Coffee shop.  Legitimately good coffee during the day, solid noncommercial beer selection (after 7pm), friendly staff, funky art stalls in the back, vinyl records spinning, and very friendly to bicyclists.  I could not ask for a better place to hangout at and get work done or socialize.
1	Wow... not going back.   The person behind the counter, that made our coffee (the term barista intentionally left out) treated me like I owed her something. I approached and ordered  nicely enough but treated as if I had interrupted her from standing around,.  When I turned to ask my wife what she wanted I thought the server was going to have a fit.  At that point we should have just left but really wanted a cup of coffee.  Needless to say it was almost as bad as the server.  We Used to like this place but will have to find someplace else to get coffee downtown.
3	The space is cool - coffee shop/art gallery/shared work space...  Love the local feel and the old skool vinyl.I would have given it 4 stars, if it weren't for the sub-par coffee (really really really watery) and the meh greek yogurt/granola.  The granola was supposed to be homemade but tasted like raw oatmeal - skip.So come for the ambience not necessarily for the coffee or food.
4	When I first walked in I fell in love immediately !! The smoothies are amazing. It's a nice atmosphere during the day and I get a lot of work done while I'm there. The only cons I could give are:1. The music is sometimes really loud and it's the same playlist which gets redundant. 2. There aren't enough bigger tables for bigger groups to work or talk together. Either way, I love this hangout and I will be there frequently during the school/work year!!
3	From 7am-9am they have dollar coffee and the quality is good. The food on the other hand is okay at best. The fact that they are a mixture of coffee shop, bar, and restaurant is cool. The atmosphere is chill and makes for a place to hang out.The slap and tickle was an interesting combination with the bacon, pickled jalapenos, peanut butter, jelly, and honey. I ended up enjoying it rather much. The finishing touches on their items tends to be where they are lacking. The sandwiches are served on untoasted bread and just doesn't do much.
2	The food is different and pretty interesting. The flavors are good. The customer service is horrible. For what its worth, u get what u pay for. The cafe needs to be upgraded in more ways than one can tell in a review. Bathroom is dirty and atmosphere feels dirty. Dont know that i will ever return to this place again...
4	I've been by this place more times than I can remember but only went in for the first time a couple weeks ago. I'm never too crazy about coffee houses that look like, "coffee houses" but this one has something most others don't- DELICIOUS FOOD!The portions were larger than i had expected and the service was great. The deviled eggs were wonderful as was the iced coffee and sandwiches. I'm looking for to another visit next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I stopped by here this past Sunday morning as they were opening.  I had actually made it done there at about 8:45 but say that they didn't open until 9.  The inside of this place is pretty cool and feels like a nice intimate coffee shop.  They have a number of tables all over the place and then a bar to sit at which I imagine goes over well if someone was there drinking a beer.  The name of the shop also derives from the fact that sell records as well as coffee.  For my morning coffee I decided to have a large Americano and also ordered one for my fiance to take back to our room.  From the time I got there until I left it took over 15 minutes, and that's only with two people in front of me in line.  Granted they had a little register issue and then one of the customers in front of me received a large latte only to inform the barista that she needed the small that she ordered because she didn't want that much milk. However, whenever I finally tried the coffee I found it to be worth the wait.  Strong and Smooth which was perfect to enjoy by the pool in the morning.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely stop by here again in the future.  It's not too far from the fremont street experience, their coffee is pretty good and I would rather give a local coffee shop my money than to a big chain place.
5	My favorite place to hang out in downtown lv.  Super friendly staff, accepts cards via square, and both the food AND coffee is amazing.  I'm addicted to the greek yogurt which is loaded with fresh fruit, oats, and toasted coconut.  Baguette pizzas are also great and is a huge serving.  Even though I don't even live in vegas, I see someone I know or recognize a lot of the time I come in.  It's super comfy and relaxing inside.  Not too pretentious like a lot of the cool people coffee spots in SF but still packed with personality.My only minor complaint is that some of their cool vintage chairs aren't super comfy but there are benches, barstools, and a couch if you are picky like me. This doesn't warrant taking away any stars bc this place is awesome.
4	I don't drink coffee, but well priced beers and the service is always fast/friendly.  Up and coming location it's fun to sit here and watch the riff raff mixed in with the normal people out on the town just out the window :)
3	One of Downtown's first day time places to hang out and around the corner from Vegas' new Godfather, Tony Hsieh's Ogden...this hip little coffee house drips with history. This building was once a JC Penny's, then a medical building. Painted concrete floors and old vinyls characterize this historic hipster hangout.They offer an extensive lunch menu and the delicious garlic aroma made our mouths water during our downtown project tour. For a coffee house, they need to have real coffee machines as they look silly pumping coffee orders out of a large thermos. Expect an extra long wait for food orders. Even having what looks like a full staff, the pace is slow. We waited 45 minutes (after we were told it would be 15 minutes) for a tuna sandwich and baked mac & cheese that still came out cold in the middle. Food was ok, but definitely not worth the wait time. Parking downtown also not the easiest. Hopefully with the revitalization, there will be more competition nearby to make The Beat come up to par.
5	This little coffee shop is a hidden gem of down town.  Will definitly be back and a bonus is having the used vinyl section.
4	What a funky, quirky place. Pleasantly surprised. If you're looking for a hip coffe spot, here it is. The chai tea latte was delish and the blueberry muffin was excellent.
4	Good coffee went her at life is beautiful staff friendly and place was a non chain coffee shop its worth checking out especially on a chilly day the food looked good but I didn't get any
5	The best coffeeshop in Vegas. Excellent espresso & food in an old school rock-n-roll vibe. Filled with locals - feels like authentic old school Vegas.
4	If you want a good cup of coffee without crazy prices of chains in casinos or on the strip, this is the place to stop. I had a good, strong cup of coffee, and the vibe in the place was great. I didn't feel like I was in Vegas, but in any arts district from LA to Austin. I'm glad Vegas is building theirs up, and I'll definitely stop back in here next time I'm in town.
5	I passed this place at least 50 times walking along Fremont Street to the El Cortez over the past several years. Finally decided to pay a visit while staying at the El Cortez across the street. Once inside, I was immediately struck by the size of the place. It's at least five times larger than I imagined from passing by outside. Before this, it always seemed like the guests were crammed into the front part of the shop, surrounded by glass on two sides of the building. Whenever I walked by and peered at the coffee-slurpers, I felt like I was passing an aquarium and should drop some food inside.But my impressions after visiting are completely different. This is a place I can't compare to any other. If I had to attempt to describe it, I'm just going to date myself. Okay so here goes: It's kind of like Record & Tape Traders meets Starbuck's meets local art gallery.See? Half of you probably don't even know what Record & Tape Traders is. But this is good. It means you've got your youth. Please use it responsibly.The Beat is more than just a great place to grab coffee. It's a world unto itself. Sure, there's all kinds of excellent coffee. And food. But there's also an art gallery with some truly stunning pieces of work. There's a very large upstairs, too. So don't forget that if you decide to venture into the art realms. Adding to the vibe here, there are some cool classics being piped through the speakers and vinyl albums right there in the shop. Remember those?Staff is very upbeat, friendly and professional. One even told me I smelled good right after I placed my order. Did I? Probably. My secret? MK High Intensity Cologne. And yes I have a Mary Kay rep. But hey, what a compliment to go with your coffee. This is a place where laptops and tablets abound. Deals are done, Tony Hsieh of Zappos grabs his morning fix, and introductions are made several times in one morning. I only know this because I grabbed a seat at a table, fired up my laptop, and blended in with the morning crowd.And what an eclectic crowd it is. All kinds hang out here. The well-heeled, the working class like me, and some who had clearly just stolen their ipads from someone. A tourist, no doubt. But at least they have good taste in coffee shops.While not exactly off the beaten path, the Beat Coffeehouse is less touristy than say, the Starbuck's' or Seattle's Bests you'll find on the Strip or under the Fremont Canopy. It's more of a locals joint and a very fun place to grab your morning jolt, or even just to visit. Just one more fixture that makes downtown worth whatever it takes to get you there.
4	One of the great reasons for living downtown.  I get to wake up and walk to this local coffee shop.  Great place to hang out and get a great drink. Nice local downtown vibe.
5	Loved it! This place is awesome pretty chill and calmed great music overall food was great! Had the chicken salad wrap totally delicious
3	Wow. Fremont sure has come a long way since I left. When I was there before '04, this area of town was, well... scary. I'm not talking sketchy, I'm talking scary. You dared not venture off the Experience a single block in practically all directions. I like the area.The Beat Coffeehouse is a wonderful little funky cafe a couple blocks from the experience. Beatles music in the backgound nearly the whole time we were there so that made for a pleasant experience. In the back there are multiple little alcoves and spaces which I assume are rented by individual artists. If you're there at the right time it's worth exploring. If I didn't know any better I might have thought I was in Portland. Go ahead Las Vegas, get weird.My decaf though not drip, was an Americano and it was sufficient. I tasted my partner's Italian soda and it was nothing to write home about, really.Please offer your support. It's a worthy experience and I think you'll appreciate it. We did.
4	Espresso is on point. and really love the atmosphere.. Such a cool place
2	Not really impressed with this spot. I felt like I was in Seattle which isn't really a bad thing but they were trying too hard. The coffee was okay, nothing special. The service was rather poor. I waited for 12 mins for my coffee and they still messed up my order.
5	Stopped by here this morning for a coffee and some conversation. What a cool little gem to the downtown scene! I can't wait to visit again on a coffee break outside the office :)
2	The most wonderful thing in the world, 2 years ago, was when a friend behind the counter recommended the Slap & Tickle to me and my husband after a night of drinking at Beauty Bar & The Griffin. Organic peanut butter, bacon & jalapenos. The perfect combo & super cheap. I've had it recently multiple times and now it's just 3 jalapenos & a piece of greasy, under-cooked bacon (that makes the entire place smell like grease), with a smack of peanut butter. Nope.At this point, the attitude from the wanna-be hipster baristas is not worth the over retail price of their craft beers, the fact they apparently use Mothership coffee, or the (only good thing on the food menu) deviled eggs (which are great). The coffee is prepared adequate at best, sometimes terrible.When you add the decline in quality of the coffeehouse with the fact that Emergency Arts is now basically nothing but offices, when it was once awesome galleries & shops, it just appears whoever is running it doesn't care anymore. Which is really too bad. The entire building had huge potential.I've lived here my entire life. I've run around DTLV since i was 13 (early 90's), I know it hurts to not kiss the ass of every business trying to make the area better, but at the same time, why let sub-par businesses taint & take up valuable space in an area thriving & getting National attention? Hopefully they get their shit together again. This could be a great spot. Not to mention a butt load more coffeehouses are slated for Fremont East and the Arts District in the coming year... just sayin'.
4	There's nothing better than hanging out at a hipster coffee shop!  I didn't know a place like this existed in Las Vegas, but I'm glad it does.  I stayed in Downtown Las Vegas for several days, and I would come here everyday to work on my laptop.  I would sit on the couch and spend a great deal of time people watching.  In one day, I saw old friends meet up for coffee and catch up, people conducting business meetings, people planning their wedding, and a young couple decide that they're not right for each other and should break up.  It's a very eclectic place.  This is a place that's less about the coffee and more about the culture.  There's an area of the store where they sell old vinyl records, and an extensive hallway full of small art studios where artists have office space and showrooms.  There's a small library area upstairs full of tables, couches, and comfortable chairs.  I walked into that library thinking that at some point, someone was going to realize that I don't work in this building and ask me to leave.  Nobody ever said a word to me, and I hung out and worked on my laptop in this library space for several days.  In fact, I'm here right now writing this review!The coffee isn't great.  It's not horrible, but it's not Starbucks.  The sandwiches are decent, but also not great.  The people who work at this place are young people with tattoos and piercings.  Whoever owns this place probably hired them for their ironic quality and the fact that they represent the type of atmosphere this establishment is trying to create, and not so much for this ability to make coffee.  Overall, I really like this place, and I hope it continues to be an oasis from the hustle and bustle of Downtown Las Vegas.
4	I recently spent an afternoon hanging out here at The Beat while I was waiting for my husband to find out if he was to continue on with jury duty or not. It was around 12:30 when I got there and it was pretty filled up. I love coffee places like this. Really off beat and just unique. They have other business inside of the Beat, but they also sell vinyl records and have a really cool art gallery. Their menu is on a chalk board which is full of all kinds of tasty items. They have breakfast items as well as lunch. They have a bunch of yummy sounding sandwiches. Since I was trying to stick to my diet, I got the Grilled Veggie Salad and an Ice Coffee. I decided to sit at the bar and before I knew it my huge salad was in front of me! It was filled with a spring mix of lettuce, grilled mushrooms, zucchini, eggplant, bell pepper and pickled onion. I topped it all off with a balsamic vinaigrette. It was an excellent salad. The coffee was just how I like it. Since I was there so long I even got a refill for $1.50! While I was there I could smell other peoples orders floating by me. The mac & cheese looked and smelled very good. In the end I ended up getting a seat on their comfy couch so I could read a book. I loved watching all the interesting people come and go.The Beat is a very cool and hip coffee house that has a great menu of food and drinks. They even have beer and wine! Next time I'm downtown I'll be stopping here for some more coffee and maybe some mac & cheese! YAY, The Beat!
4	Love the ambiance and how downtown is transforming and this little spot fits right the freak in.The hummus dish was magnificent!  They're a little chinsey on iced tea, but I've already been back several times. Love it. Check it.
4	It has a good vibe, and friendly service.  It attracts business clientele in the morning, not hipsters like I expected.Rock posters, cut out articles, and flyers of every kind are posted to the wall.  Everything from a moving notice from Skin City to a call for homeless activists.Free wifi.  70's funk, whiteman-overbite tunes.  I like it.It's eclectic.  Sells both pastrami sandwiches and used records.  The chairs and tables are a little beat up, but that adds to funkiness.The coffee came from canisters, already made, not fresh as I love -- but it was a tasty brew.Very cool and very chill.
5	Love this hipster coffee shop, very chill.  They play old records on the overhead speakers from the original vinyl.  Coffee and light menue, and beer after 7pm.  Great place for meetings.  Parking is HELL, so be early or at off times when the rest of the fremont east district is NOT busy, or park two blocks away and have a stroll downtown.  Its safe now!  5 star service, and vibe.
4	Nice little place, food and service was good. Great atmosphere, interesting people constanting coming in and they there always seems to be cute girls here. :)
4	This place reminds me of some coffeeshops I visited in San Francisco or Seattle: funky, comfy, and prioritizing good coffee.  I haven't found too many places in Vegas that serve good coffee; too many times, I see high-end equipment being operated by teenagers without adequate barista skills.  You want me to pay how much for that cup o'joe?  The Beat uses beans from Sunrise Coffee (Sunrise roasts their own beans -- yay for local roasters!) and the recent visits I made all resulted in consistent (good) coffee quality.  I also enjoy the food here; on my last visit, I happily consumed the roast chicken salad sandwich (yummy and spicy) and potato salad (which was just made a few minutes before I placed my order).  YUM.  The barista who took my order was appropriately edgy (in style, not attitude) and sweet natured.  People watching is fun to do here whilst savouring your caffeinated beverage of choice.  Yes, of course I'll be back again!
3	I'd been here on a couple occasions. One, to play drunken chess. The second time was to play sober chess. The first time I came here, I was bar-hopping from Beauty Bar to Griffin and to here. After scarfing down the "greatest hot dog I've ever had in my life" (god now I know I was really gone) at the stand right outside this place on a friday night, my date and I ventured in here.FOOD:The bouncer/weird door guy did his job and carded me since it was no one under 21 is allowed in after 7pm (that's when they serve the beer). We sat down and had a sandwich. I forget which. Obviousluly for drunken reasons. Nothing to write home about. It was just...okay. Second time I came here recently, I ordered a large iced white mocha. It's a coffeehouse right? If I can't be drunk I may as well sample their specialty (and maybe pretend it's alcohol). Their large was, er, more of a medium. Maybe I've had one too many starbucks (not even that often), but this is comparable to their medium size for point of reference.I liked that they didn't load it up with ice. Was okay. Sweet, but not the best I've had. It was still a lot of coffee so maybe the sizing was just right. GAMES / WHAT TO DO:I like the fact they have games here for the public. Look up front. Chess and a couple of other old/donated board games. There's places to sit, plug in your laptops, and quietly chat. In the very back there's vinyl records for sale. They also play vinyl records at the front near the cashier.*PLEASE remember to respectfully put back the pieces and return the game to the front! My poor white pawn and bishop were gone!* ATMOSPHERE:Crowd here is cool. Old, young, students, businesspeople, drunkards (ha.), cops, whatever. Old guy with Dr. Dre beats headphones watching youtube on his laptop? Cool. Don't just automatically label this place as hipster. I like the chill mood in here.VERDICT:Needless to say, I got my ass beat at chess the first time I was here. Lost all three games. I won best 2/3 the second time I was here. Fun afternoon killer, and a good stop in to hang out. Food/coffee wasn't stellar but this place is awesome for other reasons. I'm just waiting see a version of Friends here. Might not be my central perk, but it's definitely somebody else's.
5	Cool place. Good coffee. Great ambiance. Love the music selection and addition of records for purchase.
4	One almost gets the vibe their in L.A. at this coffee house. Hipsters, Burlesque Museum, Art, Good Music and Good Coffee can be found here. Great place to people watch as well.
4	The coffee is okay, the snacks are good, the tea is great, and the feel/decor is exceptional. I really love their deviled eggs and Croque Monsieur, and a pro-tip is that the hummus plate is perfect to share so try not to scoff at the steep price of $9!
4	Free wifi, cool atmosphere in a super artsy building, and the open mic is AMAZING if you want to see some entertainment in Vegas without all the feather and sequins. (Not that there's anything wrong with that.)The sandwich I had was, well, underwhelming. I ordered the "Slap and Tickle" which is PB and J with jalapeno peppers and bacon. It was on special that day so maybe they were skimping on ingredients, because it wasn't as crazy as I was expecting. That being said, I got that and a beer for $4, and you can't go wrong.Don't miss this place!
5	This place is a gem. Been here many a times. Dawn, afternoon and evenings and it's always a great atmosphere. Yelp kept pestering to leave a review after each check in, I finally gave in today. They do have small bands occasionally play (various types) and recurring events like The Human Experience on Mondays. Which is open mic night. Spoke word, poetry, music, comedy, just variety. Also there are small art galleries in back. Definitely worth taking a stroll through the place. As for the drinks. Haven't had them all but the ones I did have are on par if not better than most. They do serve beer late afternoon into the evening but in no way is it a bar. The beer selection is good. They carry my favs so I may be biased. This is def one of my go to spots. Chill but alive. Overall a great spot. The People that pass through and the staff are great. Would def recommend whether you're on the go or to sit down and burn a lil time while enjoying the surroundings.
4	Good coffee. Great food although it's a small menu. Fun vibe and friendly staff. Never a bad experience here. Would recommend it everyone if you are downtown
5	Definitely a must-go if you're in Vegas. The atmosphere feels really chill, there's free wifi, and bomb food.I would say that this is one of those underdog hipster places that isn't hyped up as much as places like serendipity. Either way, come here if you wanna chill, have some coffee, take your mind off of things, or just to eat :)
4	The coffee wasn't too great or amazing. It was just coffee....boring coffee! But the environment is on point! It is such a cool vibe and perfect for people watching! Also, if you go upstairs there's a ton of cool art to look at and also a hidden hair salon. It was pretty rad!
4	Nice little hipster coffeehouse in downtown LV. The muffin I ordered seemed fresh, and the coffee was tasty!
5	OMG! I feel like Im back at home! It remind me I have a place called Leimart Park in California Live music!  Poetry! and Art! Good O fun and real talk! Every Monday at 6:30pm you can sign ups to perform 7-10pm sets are on. Love love love it. The food is not half bad either I had the Roasted chicken salad sandwich ( tomatoes, lettuce, cucumber, red onions, parsley and mint), greens. They have like a people's library, local artists paintings, sculptures I'm telling you this place was amazing . I think this is one of Las Vegas hidden treasures.
4	My co worker and I decided to leave work to have a meeting off-site. I came here because of the awesome reviews. This place is very retro and has a cozy atmosphere. Having our meeting here made us more relaxed and was able to discuss ideas clearly. We ordered the green smoothie and we loved it. I will come back here again.
4	Delish breakfast sandwich! 12oz coffee is $1 before 9am, nice deal! Was just passing through, well worth the stop
1	let me first say, I am not a coffee house kind of guy.  that being said I never would have reviewed this place had I been given a free refill on my iced tea.  but......since I was charged a buck I feel compelled to vent.  the only reason I wanted a refill is because the two pieces of toast I bought (for $3.99) were desert dry (and stale). nerds on their apples begging for attention is not my idea of a place I wanna hang.
5	I love the atmosphere and positive vibes here!I ordered the ham & cheese sandwich... It had a lot of cheese so avoid it if you're looking for a healthy meal. It was absolutely delicious. The ham was thick and fresh, as well as my side of greens. The breakfast sandwich was made fresh and had real bacon. It didn't take long to get our meal either. I'm definitely interested in checking out the open mic night and buying some pieces from the art gallery!
4	This place is awesome! I usually come Sunday mornings. Breakfast Sandwich is really good and i absolutely love their Mac n Cheese.My Favorite thing is the Slap and Tickle, too good! The coffee is really good too and their prices are very reasonable.
3	Great food, but bad service. Sometimes they run out of food so you get stuck with something you don't want on the side. Consistency with the taste in food isn't met. Overall... it's pretty good.
2	I expected hipster but DAMN. We walk in, place is pretty bare bones, with a vinyl section to look at records. Alright, pretty hipster. Tattooed up employees with thick rim glasses and beanies, accompanied with the slight "you're annoying me by wanting something" attitude. Getting more hipster!Ordering on an iPad...with four people sitting at tables on macbook airs, full on hipster. Girl changes the vinyl record playing, takes our order, and we sit down. Two guys sitting next to us are discussing bit coin, y combinator, and no shit... Pulled out an extendo wand for their iphone to take a selfie. I'm sorry, GTFO. This place is just too much. What I want from a coffee place: good coffee, reasonable prices, and a nice comfortable atmosphere. I feel I didn't get really any of those things here. My cappuccino was 2/3s foam, my croque Monsieur was nothing to write home about, and my friends coffee was bland. But worst of all, there is like one couch and everything else is hard wooden chairs that aren't comfortable. I mean come on, is it just ultra real hipster to not need comfortable seating?!My recommendation: if you like the uniqueness of some hipster places, but aren't a true, real, dedicated hipster... Don't come here. It's too much. I mean, the coke we ordered came in a glass bottle and was from Mexico. Also, it's just not good service. They're all indifferent to you, and pretty much give off a vibe of "you're not one of us, so why should I be friendly?" Is it not hipster enough to be friendly to everyone?
1	I recently moved downtown and instead of getting my usual Starbucks I decided to check out The Beat.  Both of the employees working behind the counter had a look on there face like they were inconvenienced by having to help patrons.  I was watching to the barista engage in lengthly conversation before she started my iced americano I ordered. The quality of the coffee was straight out of a can of. Foldgers. I guess being in a prime spot in the new hot spot of the city secures you and you don't feel the need to provide quality customer service.
4	A place with the chilliest people and the greatest vibes. Get a taste of coffee at its finest and art at its best. One of my favorite places in Vegas to go to! If you're a coffee and art person: GO.
4	Funky fresh without being over the top. The downtown urban feel of The Beat is just right, the music, the people, the overall vibe is spot on for me. I strolled in here for an early evening to kill a little time and have a light dinner. Not a huge menu but enough to find something tasty and actually not too bad in terms unhealthy. Which was exactly what i was looking for. The service is casual but on point and very helpful with a smile. I ordered the Roasted Vegetable Wrap and for a little over $7 it was just enough to satisfy my dinner. It came with a small side of potato salad which had a unique taste i cant seem to figure out, but either way it was tasty! The music wasnt too loud, certainly not obnoxious and i really like sitting at the window and people watching. Take a friend here for coffee to catch up, pull in to do some work/homework, or simply if you do not want to sit on your couch at home and venture out into public....take your laptop/tablet and be in the downtown activity. Ill return.
4	i will always love this place as it is the spot where i met natalie, the lovely barista, who introduced me to my entire world upon moving to LV from NYC. i thought i'd never meet anyone in this wasteland, but there she was, smiling and charming as ever.the food here is good. a little overpriced, but when you're there for a few hours getting some work done, i guess it's alright.i love the vibe of this place, but wish everyone and their mothers, brothers, second cousins, and nephews didn't camp out here. getting work done is difficult because no one has anywhere else to go that's nearly as comfy and quality as this place.also, can you turn the music down just a notch? i think some people here (ahem) are really, actually, truly trying to get some work done.that said, i'll always love you.
3	The service deserves a 5 star, but the latte here. Is bitter bland coffee covered up with a sugar substances of what is called Carmel. Taste more like those powdered coffee drinks. I don't recommend their lattes, but I would come back to experience Monday night open Mic night ordering a beer or wine instead...
4	I briefly stopped in here for an iced chai latte as I was on my way back to my car and needed to sober up relatively quickly.  The place seems to ooze divey hip coffee shop during the day but probably is a bit more interesting at night when the live bands and all of the live music aficionados show up here.  There were more people on laptops than people chatting over drinks in the afternoon but whatever...each place is different right?  Since I will be back to this area of downtown in the future, I'll make sure to come back here to perhaps grab some food during my next bar hopping adventure.
5	First time back in Vegas in FOUR years! This spot opened about four years ago which is why I never found a real good cup of espresso here in Vegas.Left my cousin back at the Nugget casino and trekked the whole six blocks in 102 degree heat, for my soy latte that I couldn't find at the Palazzo, or Venetian.  What a joy.  From the same chocolate and soy milk, that we use at Bobachine, to hearing the gentle steaming  of the milk swirling, to the collection of vinyl records available to play/purchase, to the chill staff, and vibe, this spot is it.Jackie is very chill, and makes a great latte. Definitely a must stop for anyone missing a true espresso in Vegas
2	Maybe I'm too much of a coffee snob, or maybe I've been spoiled by the endless charming coffee shops in my city.....but I was not impressed by this place whatsoever. The atmosphere was pretty cool, and the cashier at the register was nice, but that's where the good experience ended. The iced coffee was disgusting - literally hot coffee poured over ice, making it weak, lukewarm and tasteless. Iced coffee should not be made this way...if I'd known that's what I'd be getting, I would have ordered an Americano. I ordered a blueberry muffin as well...it wasn't good, but since it wasn't baked on-site, I don't know what I expected. It's not a huge deal that it wasn't house-made, but if you're going to order your baked goods in, order good ones.The location is awesome, right in downtown Las Vegas, and was right next to where I was staying (El Cortez.) But the coffee and food is just not up to par.
4	Just walked into the Beat @ Fremont area in Downtown Vegas. Something tells me this is a very cool place, and I was right! Cappuccino and vege pizza on baguette, I feel home right away, in this very unhomely town. Thinking about what makes me feel home here.. people with laptops , piles of records in the room, photos and newspaper clips hanging around the wall... Must be music related people having coffee here. Good music never stops here. Really.
5	There aren't too many (maybe no) places like this in Las Vegas! To be honest, I'm not much of a coffee drinker but my mother is so when she visits, she usually likes to go out as least once for coffee. It seems that in other parts of the country, there are numerous independent coffee shops which are typically urban in setting and many times are scattered around university areas. Not so in LV. Sure, there's the Coffee Bean near UNLV but I believe that's a national chain. Like a dope, on her last visit I took her to the Starbucks down the street (which she happens to like btw) but it just didn't have the cool eclectic feel that we were looking for. Enter The Beat! Granted, this establishment also serves food and alcohol as well as sells records (cool!!) but for Las Vegas, it's about the only coffee shop that we could find that was both independent and had an eclectic, urban feel. We'll definitely be back. Also, although we were able to sit outside, it would be nice if there was more than one outdoor table.
4	Yes! I may be getting over-excited about this sweet little coffee house based on the stark difference between it and everything I experience while staying on the strip, but even after a couple of days of consideration, I still am struck by how cool this join is. First off, they have coffee, and it's pretty decent. They also serve real food. Not just pastries, but real food, which always garners favor with me. I appreciate being offered something other than just the usual token pastry case when I'm getting cracked out on coffee. However I didn't try the food here so I can't say how good it is. But it exists, and alongside the decent coffee, authentic atmosphere and fast wifi, it completes a package. More on the atmosphere - this joint sits in the Emergency Arts building, which houses a bunch of cool little gallery spaces harboring fun, funky art. Most weren't open when I visited but I did peek through some windows and could see myself wanting to return to see what the local hip arts community is up to. There's also a large selection of vinyl in the space, and you can peruse (and even play?) records there while you're sippin' on joe. Very cool. The staff? Friendly. I'm super, duper glad I decamped from my situation at chain-coffee ground-zero and sought out some realness. For any visitors or locals looking to avoid the 'bux or the chaos just a few miles down Las Vegas Blvd, this is your spot. Grab coffee, post up, get things done, and feel good about the whole thing.
5	Just plain cool with the kind of edge you can only find in places that have curated their look over time, much like the growing layer of band stickers on the windows here or their collection of vintage and new records in the back. Feels like an old record store-slash-art-studio in here. Just like the sign says out front, go get lost inside for a bit. Coffee is good, but the vibe is the best. Plus, wifi.
4	Coffeehouse check list time...- Weird random stuff hanging on the wall? CHECK!- Assortment of seating arrangements. Varying in size and comfort? CHECK!- Funky names for food items? CHECK!  "Slap N' Tickle", PB & J w/ Bacon, "Tina Turner Wrap" Turkey Wrap Sammie- Interesting yet good music playing. CHECK! - Varying assortment of customers... Businessmen, Indie Folks, Zappos employees  changing their scenery yet still working, fast on their feet. CHECK!Honestly, this place covers all the bases of a great coffee shop. First and foremost their coffee is very good. Super smooth and with no burnt taste, which is was what most people are used to from that large coffee chain on every suburban street corner. No, burnt doesn't equal strong. You've been Yelpucated!I came here after a meeting and was in the mood for a caffeine boost and some coffeehouse treats in my belly. I ordered an Iced Coffee and the "Tina Turner Turkey Wrap". Like I said before, the coffee is great and surprisingly the food is on the same level. The Turkey Wrap was made perfect; fresh veggies, flavorful turkey, and a soft tortilla, but its just not wraps and bagels. They offer many food options as the menu here is quite large, so if Turkey Wraps or PB & J sammies aren't your cup of tea (or coffee), I'm sure you'll find something to snack on. Free WiFi, vinyl for sale, various art shows, plus fun trivia nights. The Beat really does a great job at being awesome. It's really in your best interest to just come down here, sit down, enjoy a cup of happiness, and bob your head to The Beat.
3	Damn good coffee! The iced Americano, no cream/milk, is my go-to and it'll keep me going for days. Atmosphere is coffee-house-meets-record-store, with live events like poetry readings and open mic nights.Menu items are more upscale than you might expect, with a price tag to match. $6 baguette pizzas are a good option, but so far I've held back from trying the $5 deviled eggs- mostly because the version one block over at Carson Kitchen is my favorite.Service is friendly, seating is comfortable, maybe take ear plugs when they have loud music because the acoustics/volume are loud in the small space.
4	My husband and I took a early morning walk downtown Fremont ... came across a fellow who then turned us on to The Beat coffeehouse.We enjoyed our discovery- its more than just coffee.... the catacombs of art studios and offices was so cool.Eric,  was so helpful and gave us local tips for more areas to explore... love the vibe of this place we will return.. Thanks again Eric for your recommendations!
5	very different vibe at this place , excellent for people watching
4	Ugh....my Willoughby Ohio hipsters would die!   I feel home!  Away from the strip but kinda on the strip all locals all young youth if America...great cafe!  Love love it!  A zillion times better than over roasted beans Starbucks!
1	As a coffee shop addict, I decided to try this place.  I've lived in Las Vegas for three years and only noticed this place very recently when walking through Downtown.  I was very disappointed.  The music is terrible, atmosphere was a bit depressing, and my hot chai latte tasted like feet.  It's supposed to have 'hipster vibe/basement/record store' but really it's a place for people to show off that they think they are cool by being in a downtown coffee shop.
5	I've been coming here since 2011 on my visits to Downtown Vegas. What a pleasure it is to take a few steps beyond the Fremont Street Experience and find a comfy chair without a slot machine or gaming table in front of you.The Beat is located in a funky arts building and has a large vinyl collection. The surroundings are great. The atmosphere is just right. I had a latte and breakfast sandwich today. Yum. The WiFi was free and fast. The perfect escape! Highly recommended!
5	Great atmosphere and great coffee. Love the French bread pizzas featuring Bon Bread baguettes baked fresh locally. Also a nice selection of vinyl for freeplay on catalogue.
