5	This is a really cool new place!  I was meeting some work friends at the Triple George the night it opened so we thought we'd check it out.  I started with their signature drink "The Usual"  It is an infused burbound drink that is meant to highlight the cherry notes.  The bartender had a much more eloquent description, all I know is it was unique and delicious.  I tried sips of my friends drinks but don't remember any of the names, just that they were all very good and creative.  The food...we got to meet Chef Ro, who helped us pick a few things off their menu.  Everything ranges from $6-$9 and has about 4 bite size servings.  Spaghetti and meatballs - a fork with spaghetti twirled on it with a meatball on the end.  It was my favorite!  The meatball was juicy and tender, the spaghetti and sauce were great.  I dare you to try to eat it in one bite.Risotto Balls - it has some other fancy name but I forget.  It was cripsy on the outside, warm and creamy on the inside.  Chef Ro recommended it and he was right, I could eat those all night.Eggplant Rollatini - I'm not a huge fan of eggplant but this was a close second in the competition for my favorite dish.  It was like a mini-lasagna explosion in my mouth...minus the pasta.  Cheesy, gooey, heaven.Shrimp and Proscuitto - Shrimp wrapped in bacon in a butter sauce....need I say more?!  The shrimp was larger than I expected, the proscuitto was fresh and the butter sauce would make anything taste delicious.  The only reason it wasn't #1 was because the proscuitto wasn't at all crispy.  I don't think Chef Ro wanted it to be crispy but I think it would have been better that way.Fancy Grill Cheese - Obviously they have another name for it but I'm drawing a blank.  It is delicious cheese, between egg-washed bread that is dredged in cheese.  Sounds better than it tasted.  The egg-wash made it taste french toasty....sweet and cheesy...didn't work for me.Beef Carpacio - It looked great but I didn't get to try it because my buddies Mom ate the whole thing, and ordered a second and ate that one too.  I guess it was good!It is a fairly small, lounge style place.  The bartenders and cocktail servers 1920 uniforms are fun.  I love the atmosphere, good strong drinks, delicious easy to eat food and friendly knowledgeable staff....I will definitely be back.
5	Honestly, Mike M.'s review covers it pretty well.  I have to say this is my favorite place I've been to in Downtown Las Vegas.  I still love Downtown Cocktail Room, but this is a much different vibe.  And it has food, which of course is a plus because I usually want something to eat after a few cocktails!  The atmosphere is, for lack of a better word, very cool.  I would bring my friends here because I want them to know I'm aware of the "hot spots", but that I'm not uber-trendy.  Trust me, I've been to as many clubs as the next girl.  But I'm beyond the club phase now (I'm married and have kids, but I haven't accepted the life of a boring mom just yet) and I'm happy just to find a great place to eat with fancy cocktails and interesting people-watching.  I live in Summerlin and I'm always complaining about not having a great go-to dinner place other than Vintner Grill.  Well, this is my new go-to!I've sampled all the food and my favorites are the Carpaccio, the Arancini de Riso (risotto balls), and the Chicken Parm Sliders.  The best thing is, all of the menu items are pretty much $10 and under.  So you can taste everything on the menu for way less than what it would cost for everyone to go to a trendy restaurant and order entrees. And they are all plated beautifully.  The best thing is, the amazing chef Ro is there and will come over and say hi.I'm excited to go back many times.  I seriously recommend this place to anyone who likes going off the been-there-done-that beaten path (The Strip), to try something authentic and delicious, but fun and stylish as well!
5	I absolutely loved this bar! I have always been a fan of Triple George Grille and Mob Bar belonged right there next to it. I met up with some friends on a busy First Friday night and yes it was packed but the vibe was so eclectic and the buzz was music to my ears. We were able to get a table for the 5 of us and before we knew it hours had passed by. Their drink menu was something reminiscent of an old speakeasy, I saw combinations on the menu that I never heard of and types of alcohol I am sure my great-great grandmother drank in her hey day. I had a martini (I can't remember the name of it) that was pink and girly and soooo tasty! My second drink was something similar to a 20's version of a Mojito...but better! It was so refreshing and the two drinks were enough to prevent me from drinking the rest of the night. My favorite part of this bar was the beautiful songbird that had her own spin on some of my favorite Bob Dylan, Ella Fitzgerald and Adele songs. Listening to her put me into a wonderful trance...or maybe it was my drinks that did that. I have always had an affection for everything old time, stepping into this bar really makes you feel as if you went back in time...I cannot wait to go back, hmm...wonder if I have a cute flapper dress I can wear. :-)
4	I'm a fan of this place for the simple reason that the bartender (Pinto?) is way cool and he concocted me a killer cocktail upon my asking for something with ginger beer. A concocktail, if you will.The drink is called the Mass Exodus and it's not on the menu. It's a play on the ingredients--the "Mass" comes from macerated something something and the "Exodus" is from the bitters used i.e. The Bitter Truth E**X**R. I actually Googled the latter in order to somewhat make up for my lack of knowledge of the former.Apparently, this place hasn't really changed since it was the Sidebar. You know what? Who cares? The decor fits the theme perfectly. The speakeasy vibe is definitely represented well. This was never more apparent than when Joe L and I walked right by the place initially and later as we watched Tina M walk right by.It's actually not that hard to find.
3	It's the same bar as Sidebar, just with a different sign.  It's fine.  Decent mixology menu; not cheap, but not extravagantly pricey.  It's a fine bar, but they set themselves up to disappoint people with their "secret website" bs.  I was hoping it was actually a new place, but it's not.  Otherwise it's fine.
4	I have to give the Mob Bar four stars even thought they serve the cola that begins with the letter P.  The bartender, Pinto, was a friendly chap and he empathized with my dilemma.  Do I stick with water or go with a diet from that inferior cola company.In the end, I got the diet cola.  The price was right and service was excellent!This was a good place to have our Yelp Book Club meeting and I was glad to try a new place.
3	I came here after drinks at DCR and dinner at Le Thai with some Yelp Vegas ladies. I have to admit, I was too buzzed to remember what I drank, or how much it cost, but I do remember it being yummy. Jerry is the bartender who helped us, he gave my girl Jaime her drink for free! I am always a fan of free drinks. :) I had never gone to the previous place that was here, Sidebar, so I can't make any comparisons as to what did or did not change.
2	This bar could be so much...but is very lacking. The decor is lackluster, the food leaves something to be desired. We had the arancini, chicken parm sliders and mozzarella en carrozza (fancy grilled cheese). The grilled cheese was awful, the other two were mediocre at best. Downtown has better offerings...skip this place.
4	I was a fan of Side Bar (the bar that was here before), and I have to say I'm impressed with what they did. I like the feel of the place, and while it's not all that large, it was still pretty roomy.They have a full bar including a nice specialty cocktail menu and also several food items (most appeared to be Small Bites). I can't wait until the weather is a little nicer so I can go back and sit on the patio out front.
4	I checked this place out for my first time last night. I was surprised how dead it was for being a Saturday. I figured this place would be packed, but it wasn't, and that was just fine with me. Their drink menu is full of all sorts of interesting cocktails. I had the Volstard, which was delicious! The bartenders were friendly, a bit slow, but they hand make these cocktails with fresh ingredients. We opted to sit outside, we were the only people, but it was fun to people watch. Drinks were a bit pricey, ranging in about the $10-$15 per specialty cocktail. So after 2 drinks we dunked out and left, but we'll come back to try out their food. The kitchen closes at 10, so we missed it by just a few minutes. And as a side note, there is a FourSquare check-in for a free app when you get 2 drinks or 2 entrees.
3	Went on a Saturday night.  Really cool vibe, nice seating, and I loved the server outfits. However, although the bar/lounge area wasn't that busy, we had to wait a very long time before being acknowledged or served. If you sit in the lounge area, it is unclear whether a server will come to you, or whether you should go up to the bar to order.  I had the "Volstead Act"- one of their specialty cocktails, and it was delicious, though! Prices were high for downtown, but overall,  fair.
4	We tried it out on a Tuesday and it was a nice change of pace. It's definitely in a much quieter part of downtown and the amount of people inside that night reflected it. The cocktails were really great. We tried the "Brass" and the "Volstead act", both of which were well made and exceeded our expectations. They cost about $10-12 each and were worth it. They were some of the better cocktails I've had in Vegas. I'd give the place 5 stars based not he cocktails we had. The food was sort of uninspired. It wasn't expensive ($5-$6 a plate) and the quantities were large, but the taste just wasn't there. I feel like they'd be better off scaling back the portions and using better quality ingredients. The spaghetti bites were our favorite part and the "grilled cheese" our least favorite. I'd give the place 2 stars based on the food. The service was great and so was the ambience; I really liked the feel of the place. I'll go back again, but will probably stick to cocktails.
4	I'd like to come back here on a more happening kind of night to see if the place really flows, but first impressions (on a quick stop for a drink and a few apps) were pretty great! The apps were excellent - I know the chef is the same as Triple George next door, but for some reason I enjoyed Mob Bar more than TG... perhaps I need to try TG again... standouts:Mussels - nice spice, sauce was super dip-worthyShrimp Spiedini - drool inducing (buttery shrimp + prosciutto = hard to go wrong!)And sophisticated cocktails done right. I'll definitely be going back!
2	I felt like my friend and I were ignored.  we waited over 20 min for food. The ppl next to us that came after us got their food before we did.  And the order they got was the same as ours.  The only reason i'd go back is because the environment there was cool.  The food was good (once we got it).  Maybe next time it'll be better.
5	Loved it! Old school charm! Ordered a Madison Ave, deliciously girly and then a Volstead act, bubbly! My date got a bourbon basket, spicy!  And then an old fashion,
5	This bar is awesome. First of all, it was the first and only place I visited that didn't scream "You're in Vegas!" which was really nice. Second, the customer service was second to none. They were playful, talkative and gave some great recommendations. The food was good and the drinks were even better. This was one of the best places that I've come across in Vegas this year.
2	What I like about this place is it's close to work, outdoor patio and the atmosphere.  But unfortunately what I don't like is the food.  This was my first time trying it since it is now being called Mob Bar.  I have a hard time believing the food served here comes out of the same kitchen as Triple George.  We tried the grilled cheese. I can't remember the official name of the dish but we sent it back it was so bad.  The waitress wasn't surprised.  She said it gets mixed reviews.  Either people love it or hate it.   We hated it.  We also ordered the spaghetti bites.  This dish just didn't make sense to me.  Four meatballs each with their own separate fork and some spaghetti.  I didn't like the presentation and it just wasn't very good.   Based on location alone I know I will probably find myself here again but I hope I can sit on the patio and order off the menu at Triple George.
2	Come for the drinks, leave before it gets busy.Mob Bar ain't a bad place to grab a drink.  It's got a nice atmosphere.  The appetizer menu could be worse and the liquor selection is well-designed.  The customer service?  I guess it could be worse, but most of the wait staff could use a customer service overhaul.Mob Bar is basically the decent small bar it was when it was Side Bar.  Except now, it's got a theme.  Coincidentally, a theme that matches the opening of the Mob Museum -- located half a block away.  But I'm not one to begrudge a business with good marketing sense.I am, however, one who thinks this city provides paltry customer service in most of its businesses.  And Mob Bar is a good example of that.  When the place gets busy, the servers get overwhelmed and take it out on the customers.  Hint for the servers: acting bitchy and entitled is not likely to earn you a good tip.  If the place is slow . . .well, the service still moves slow, but they're friendly enough.  The bar has plenty of attractive servers, but a pretty face only goes so far when you're thirsty and hungry.The appetizers are decent enough.  Deep fried risotto, shrimp wrapped in bacon, or a caprese salad.  You could do a lot worse in downtown, but the chef could also do a lot better.  Italian comfort food offers a lot of options, but the menu here is rather uninteresting.  And the options are rather bland--specifically the risotto balls, which just taste like "fried" without any other flavor.  So let's boil it down: 1.5 stars for lame customer service and an okay-tasting menu.  Add in a star for a nice atmosphere and an interesting collection of whiskeys and gins.
4	Loved it. Found it coming back from the Mob Museum. It was a very nice place, dark and cozy. The drinks were great and the appetizers outstanding. The spaghetti and meatballs app was enough for a dinner. Two eating three appetizers and one paid drink, anyone side, $30. It was in the late afternoon, and it was a great stop.  Oh, and they give you half a loaf or fresh warm sourdough and butter too.  It was great. The ambiance was aces, as it had a lot of 40 and 50s music, big band and jazz stuff.  Outstanding.
5	I loved this place. The decor did not look or feel like Vegas--it reminded me more of Denver or another older city. I also really like the theme--a waiter in a costume will get this theater lover every time. Would love to come back and spend more time here!
2	So, this place has a pretty decent ambiance to it, dimly lit with old black and white movies playing behind the bar. It's a pretty chill spot, and they offer food so that's pretty cool, nothing really stands out from their food menu besides the mussels which were hella tasty. However, the name is mob BAR, so, you kind of expect to do more drinking at this kind of place.I was here about a month ago and ordered a mojito. It's gross and tastes like flat soda water, my boyfriend takes the drink back, the bartender/manager of the place tastes my drink and is like, OHHH, i forgot to add syrup.......riiiiiiight.So whatever, he remakes the drink. Actually, he technically doesn't even remake it, he just adds the syrup to my original drink. No mint leaves, no sugar cane stick of deliciousness. ok, FINE, and he doesn't even comp the drink. thats cool, whatever.i'm here over the weekend. stupidly, i order a mojito again, because shit, i fucking like them, AGAIN, the mojito tastes like garbage. i ask the same manager/bartender to remake the drink. he gives a lame excuse about the soda being weird on his end of the bar blah blah blah just make the drink. I try the new mojito, its bland and somewhat flat again.I'm irritated at this point, and I ask him what the deal is, and why my friends mojito (made by a different bartender) tastes correct, and mine doesn't. He goes back to the whole "soda on his side of the bar is weird", excuse, so i ask him, "why dont you make my drink with the soda from that end of the bar, or better yet fix the soda on this end instead of making bad drinks". At this point, he actually shrugs at me, and i go, "I'm sorry, but aren't you the manager?" "I'm the manager, not the technician". That is what the manager says to me, he walks away and does not even offer to comp the drink when i ask for just a water instead. AWESOME customer service, jackass. i get that mojitos can be somewhat of a pain in the ass to make, but c'mon, this isn't supposed to be some dive bar, i thought this was a nicer place than that so i expect the drinks to be somewhat decent. in closing, chill place, the other bartenders are nice, the food is ok, do NOT get a drink made by the "manager/bartender".
5	Downtown bars typically are dirty or expensive. This place is neither and it is fun to have lunch here or you can have a nice dinner with the menu items from the triple George restaurant. The drinks are amazing and the mixologists here are really nice and friendly
5	Good atmosphere, great food.  Get the Bruchetta.
3	Deadsville on this night. Maybe on some other nights might be fun but a little too sterile for this part of town. Had a couple of drinks but moved on as nothing happening here. Wound up next store at a bike type bar and had a great time with great music hogs and heifers.
3	Nice place, good cocktails, slim beer selection.  Didn't eat, but some of the food looked good.  A nice break from the sometimes gross Fremont scene.
3	This is about 1.5 blocks from the Fremont Experience.  Service was very nice.  The menu options were small, and there were no tables big enough to accommodate our large group of 10, so we sat in 2 separate booths.  The bar was very accommodating and made arrangements for us to be able to order from the full menu of the attached restaurant.  I wish I remembered that restaurant name!  Our food was good, and the portions were HUGE.We'll always remember how kind and accommodating they were to our group.
5	LOVE this place!Three words: Chicken Parm Sliders.You can technically sit down at the tables here and order food from the neighboring Triple George Grill but, at heart, this place is really just a dive bar with fantastic bar food.It takes on a completely different theme and angle from the normal crappy food we get served at bars. As a light-weight who needs food with her alcohol, this place is perfect. I can order my drinks and order food I actually enjoy eating along with them. Best part is, the drinks AND the food are reasonably priced. Definitely a happy hour worth checking out.The service does get a little shoddy as the place starts picking up later in the evening, but the cheap drinks and delicious food make it easy to ignore that. I'd say this little bar is the best place to go drinking afterwork in the whole downtown area.
4	Great ambiance at this place. The food was worth the money and the staff took great care of us while we ate an early dinner.  Next time I am in Vegas i will definately go there again.
5	2 for 1 lunchtime martinis daily 11-2happy hour 4-7 and 10-closeYes, I work here, but I was a customer before I was an employee and I still am.  The food is fantastic with more variety than any place I know.  You can get tapas, brunch, lunch, a nice dinner, a sandwich, fresh salad, home-style plates, bar food, pasta, seafood and vegan/vegetarian delights (ask for the separate menu) all under the same roof. Wash all this food down with a craft cocktail---my favorite is 'The Usual'--or select from a large variety of bottle beer and wine.The staff is sexy, fun, and ready to make your experience memorable and repeatable. This lounge, alongside of Triple George Grill, is the flagship for the soon-to-be-amazing Downtown Grand urban entertainment resort/complex due to open next fall.  Wait and see us grow!!!
3	I like the atmosphere in here -- it's semi-throwback without being douchey about it. Unfortunately I'm not a huge fan of whisky, rye, bourbon, scotch, cognac, brandy, or gin, and most of the drinks on their menu are based off one or more of these, since they're old-timey-type drinks. They do have one vodka-based drink (ahh, now you have my attention), the Manhattan Avenue, which I order every time I go because it's pretty damn tasty (cinnamon on the rim is a rare find, and it works well with this drink). Their little tapas-type bar food offerings are decently tasty (chicken parm sliders, caprese salad in toothpick-skewer form, spaghetti & meatball bites, and calamari are some of the ones I've tried), and they make a good alternative to sitting down for a full-on dinner before you head out elsewhere for the evening. Service has been a bit slow at times, in that it can sometimes take a while to get initially acknowledged if you're not sitting at the bar, or if there are more than 10 people in there. As reviewer Ed M. noted, the bartenders aren't always knowledgable about cocktails that aren't on their menu, even simple/common ones. I agree that it's good, but could be great with a little help in the service department.
4	This review is an update to say that Mob Bar has stepped up its game on customer service and its liquor menu.The liquor menu is vastly improved.  Specifically, their whiskey shelf is growing.  They've brought in some scotches, as well as several smaller distillery bourbons and rye whiskeys.  A tip of my hat to the bar manager for stepping up his game.I'm also willing to throw in another star because of the vast improvement in customer service.  About 6 months ago, it was clear that the servers and bartenders couldn't handle a rush and they were getting frustrated.  The last few times I've been here, the servers seem to be enjoying themselves and the staff has learned to keep up with the happy hour rush.  Thumbs up on the customer service improvements.I still think the food is still merely decent, but the atmosphere is relaxed and with the improved liquor menu and service, I am raising the bar to 4 stars.  It's become a great happy hour spot.
4	I really like the ambience for happy hour. It's mellow with a decent happy hour special. The food is enjoyable and the servers are gracious. Not too pretentious.
2	Staff was dressed in 20's gear, cute touch. Still very pricey drinks, but a very cool and mellow atmosphere. Good place to sit and talk - Saturday night they had a DJ spinning live.
4	Dude I got so drunk there a couple nights ago! I had like 8 rum shots, I can't remember, for like 25 bucks!! And that one gal that was my waitress was quite a looker!
4	I have been here a few times.  The location is not ideal, as parking is only valet and leaving is somewhat of a chore.Generally, it's a small, cool, little bar in downtown.  There tends to be a professional crowd.  The apps were tasty and the drinks are really done well.  The service was excellent.  If I am in the area, I would definitely return for a good happy hour with friends and coworkers.
5	I love Mob Bar! Friendly service, great drinks and I love the decor. Parking isn't that convenient but here's a tip.. if you park in the downtown 3rd street garage, which isn't a far walk at all, and you buy something at Mob Bar, they'll validate your parking for you. Well, they did for us a month or so ago.. I'm not aware that that has changed.I got the Volstead Act drink which was really good! I definitely recommend it. My friend got a drink with cinnamon in it, I believe? I can't exactly remember but it was really good, too.I have yet to check out their happy hour and their food but I'm definitely going to! Great downtown place to check out. :)
4	Very cool place for Tapas.   The Arancini and proscuitto wrapped prawns are my favorite.  It the weather is nice,  sit on the sidewalk seating area..
3	Very nice staff. Beautiful patio seating.
5	Wow! I am so impressed with this new Fremont ! Downtown just got a new closet and it looks like every little place got a new designer!I haven't been here in over 5 years and now I'm looking for an excuse to come back!Or maybe I don't need an excuse! But than if I don't need an excuse, neither do you! Just grab your best friends and go try all the cocktails you can find! I wish I could recommend which one to have, but the truth is that I don't remember having a bad one! I just remember that my last one was the fabulous Espresso Martini, just the way I make it and just the way I like it! You could never go wrong with the Van Goth Double Espresso Vodka! As about the food, I have to say that those kind of fantastic steam mussels I've only had in Toronto, about 8-9 years ago! Can't wait to go back and try something new from their menu!Just remember to bring good company !
5	We sauntered into the Mob Bar a short while back looking for a drink and a late lunch, as we needed a short break from our dizzy Vegas caper that started when when the birdies woke up. We had heard about this place from a dame we know who has a serious crush on their chicken Parmesan sliders, but as we don't take any wooden nickels, we decided to check this place out for ourselves.What we discovered was not only the bee's knees, but the cat's pyjamas, too.This joint serves a dozen or so "small plates" that would make an Italian mamma proud, and as they were priced between $5 and $10, and we expected them to be small given our experiences elsewhere, and we were quite famished going in, we ordered most of what was on the menu.Our late lunch started with some crispy but tender Arancini di Riso (risotto balls stuffed with Romano and mozzarella cheese), continued with tasty spaghetti and meatball "bites" presented on a tasting fork (an idea that has already inspired some of our own dinner party appetizers), found its way to some clams casino served in a succulent white wine butter sauce, then jumped onto some Shrimp Spiedini that were wrapped in prosciutto, and finished with the chicken Parmesan sliders that are now destined to become a regular snack whenever we find ourselves downtown.     Every plate was perfection and we were not disappointed, but we were stuffed half way through this meal that exceeded our expectations -- both for taste and value -- as the chefs here do not take the "small plate" idea literally. They're no pikers when it comes to their food, and a couple of these offerings were more than enough to make a whole meal, so no beefs here.We were also very impressed with this gin mill's beverage program that rivals some of the better mixology bars on the strip and serves up some of the best giggle water in this part of town for two-thirds of the price and with no compromises.I was overjoyed to find my favourite classic cocktail on the menu -- the Blood and Sand --  prepared classically with 12-year-old Balvenie Doublewood Scotch, a splash of orange juice, Carpano Antica Sweet Vermouth, and Heering cherry liqueur. Hotsy totsy! You can also celebrate the 1920s with a number of "theme drinks" like the Clara Bow (named after the "It Girl" of that era) that mixes Jim Beam Devil's Cut Bourbon, Domaine the Canton ginger liqueur, Falernum, green Tabasco, and a hint of lemon. It is guaranteed to make any palooka hit on all sixes. Will I be back? And how! I'm definitely carrying a torch for this place until my next visit as this is one of those places where everything is Jake.
4	A good way to get sleepy.  I have a 2 drink max a la Patti Stanger and 2 drinks stood out for me on the menu, so I was set.  We came to celebrate the birthday of Gil K., my brother from another mother, and we had the bar almost entirely to ourselves on the random Monday.  Most of the group had dined at Triple George Grill next door, but we arrived fashionably late.I first ordered the Velvet Revolver because I am still on the hunt for spicy drinks with Jaime W. - it had Tyku, Gin, St. Germain, cucumber, lime, and sriracha.  It was not really too spicy but was indeed very tasty and finished with a slice of cucumber.  My next drink was the Ginger Rogers, which was ginger liquor, sparkling wine, pear puree, and lemon juice finished with a lemon twist garnish.  It was also tasty, served in a champagne flute.  I found the drinks to be delicious and punch-packing, so much so that as soon as we got in the car to go home, I fell asleep, only waking up when we exited the freeway.  My drinks were $11 each.  Park in the garage across the street at Ogden and 3rd and you can get your parking validated by Mob Bar/Triple George.
3	Please remember that 3 stars is not a negative review.  Yelp defines it as "A-OK".  It's average.  It's acceptable.  It's a business that gives you what you expect.  I have quite a bit of pride that my reviews bell curve around 3.5 stars.Anyway, I don't have much to judge this place on so I can't really stray too far from a 3 star review anyways.  I had a few jack+diets and my friend had a beer.  Decently priced if I recall.  Most of the bill came from the food.  We both had salads.  I can't remember what my friend got exactly though.  I got the chopped salad.  It tasted fine.  No complaints.  The food is actually from next door from the King George or whatever it's called.Service was fine.  They got the men wearing suspenders and whatnot.  The women wear corsets.  It's a real small place.  Maybe 15 spots at the bar.  7 or 8 tables.  It used to be called Sidebar.  Other than the employees' dress, I don't think much has changed.  Obviously they wanted to capitalize on the mob museum down the road (which is worth going to by the way).So yeah, if you need a drink it's a perfectly "A-OK" place to stop by.
5	Had a great time here, the DJ was rad and the drinks were very reasonably priced! Service was wonderful and enjoyed the overall energy of the bar!
5	Was at some other bar in downtown Las Vegas. Sat down and never saw a waitress. The lady next us said the this place sucks and said we should checked out the Mob Bar. I told her we would and would buy her a drink as she said her and her husband were headed over too. Thank goodness we left. This place is just off of Fremont St. and not so crowded with the less than desirables roaming Freemont Street. Gery took great care of us and she even hooked us up with a upgraded Cab before we left. If you're headed downtown come check this place out.
4	We love this place. The drinks are great. :)  Cool place, neat vibe and it gets you out of Fremont Street for a bit.  Have some chow next door at Triple George.  You will dig it if you don't go in right before close.  Rock on with your bad self and light the party light!  :)
3	If I was rating based off the one cocktail I had here I would add another star, but we must take all things into account.First impressions of the Mob Bar, are that I wish it was a bit more "mob" and a bit less "same old Vegas bar". Don't get me wrong, the ambiance is not terrible, but I was thinking speak easy and got more - uh, bar? There is seating for lounging and then here is the bar itself. What I *really* dislike is the inclusion of video poker machines on the bar area. I think its tacky. I think its unnecessary for a bar Downtown. Let's move on to the drinks. The drink menu is decent and what would bring me back for more. There are obvious classics and other cocktails with flourishes of new age ingredients and mixologies. I had the Bogart, the concoction of which, I cannot remember. What I do remember is that it was STRONG.Overall I would return because of the cocktail menu. They also serve food which comes from the adjoining Triple George Grill.
4	It bothers me just a little that I happen to know who the best piano player is in Las Vegas and that Shaun DeGraff was playing with his band at the Mob Bar. A guy from outside of the "702" shouldn't have this much information, but I do. People have called me "The Boss" before, so maybe it's a bit of syndicate thing. Mob Bar is located about a block from Fremont Street. The bar is pretty much inside  of the newly renovated Downtown Grand Hotel & Casino. As one might expect, there is a swanky mobster feel to the place. We walked in and lady luck snagged us a table near the band. As usual the music was good and our waitess was on top of things. Everyone seemed to be having a great time.  Just sitting in the classy Mob Bar, it is hard to fathom that you are merely a short block away from the madhouse on Fremont Street. Mob Bar is truly an island in a sea of madness. Mind you, once the music stopped, we relocated to Fremont Street with requisit Tall Boy beers in hand and a buzz that put us on a level playing field with just about everyone else.Mob Bar is a classy little bar that is worth checking out if you're downtown.
4	Had a nice time. Service is a bit slow. Only had wine and apps.
4	What happened to the parking?????Parking at the Grand is a bit of a pain compared to the old parking. Otherwise, this bar is great
2	Prices comparable to swanky bars on the strip, not sure this works downtown. Didn't feel very mob-like and cigars were not permitted... The vibe didn't match the name so it fell way short of my expectations.  Maybe a new moniker would make more sense.
3	S'ok. Like the new location, new drinks, and layout. The Grand is cool place too. I like it better than the old spot and the they are one of the few spots to do live jazz in Las Vegas at the moment.
3	Great new downtown LV bar! Used to be next door to Pizza Rock and has since moved inside the new Grand hotel and casino. It's got a really cool old town Chicago vibe and the wine list is great. Don't bother asking about the Yelp checking special tho, they wont take it.
1	BOGO Cocktail turned out to be BOGUS. The server informed me that the deal was no longer valid 'because we're changing things up around here'. Tried to order my usual Ketel and tonic, but was informed there was no Ketel. Place gets zero stars, but I'll add one because the bartender (different girl than the server) was 'super sorry' she couldn't do the BOGO deal / they didn't have any Ketel in the place.
3	There was no food, no happy hour?? For the former, that's not a big deal but still kind of a turn off. But for downtown, where mostly locals go to hangout, I think not enticing us with a happy hour is a stuck-up move for the area. I'm guessing they want the tourists from the Mob Museum to pay full price. So you're paying the usual Las Vegas prices for a cocktail (avg $13 for martini, my fav) and although the bartender was nice and the waitress did a good job checking on us, only a few patrons were there, so it wasn't as if they were overwhelmed. The ambiance is stellar and it's a nice, quiet joint to have a martini with your friend and chit chat without screaming over the music, but I won't be returning. There are many other places downtown that are a better deal and more fun.If they had a hh, I'm sure this place would be packed during the week. Hello!
5	First, the BOGO offer, it worked one night but not the next? Ok whatever, I had a hotel coupon anyway so ha!The bar itself is VERY comfortable to come in have a really good drink (though I wish the bartender would've really shook the hell out of my dirty martini). The drinks are generous, priced reasonably and I look forward to coming back.
5	Went against wife's will, headed down to the MOB bar. Didn't regret it. Probably get it later... Love the live jazz band on Thursday night.  Nice atmosphere, relaxing, great time having a drink. First time in LV. Look forward to coming back to this bar again.
5	Yelp coupon not good at this NEW location. However, free comedy and dueling pianos were simply wonderful and made my night !
4	The Mob Bar (fka Side Car) is a great place to have a light bite for lunch or happy hour. Their new tapas menu has something for everyone, vegan to carnivor. The Eggplant Rollotini is a nice amuse bouche reminiscent of lasagna (sans noodles, hence the eggplant) served whimsically in a spoon...perfection.They now offer a full menu from Triple George, if your looking for a bigger meal.
4	This place is the sh**. It's a very small bar located inside the Grand hotel downtown. Decided to bar hop last night & our 2nd stop was here. As first timers, we were excited. We seated ourselves at the bar and automatically greeted by our bartender, Adam. We received a BOGO cocktail for checking into Yelp! Adam was clueless about this offer and had to check with his manager first. But we Yelpers won & each got a free drink. Yay! Madison Ave $10 -- very delicious. I definitely did not taste the alcohol but I did feel it after. It had a cinnamon sugar rim that really had me goin & I hate cinnamon! But together it just complimented each other. Mint Coffee Martini $13 -- the beau got it. I'm not a fan of coffee based drinks so I really didn't like it. ScoobieDoo cocktail -- off the menu. It's suppose to be a shot but Adam made it into a cocktail & it tasted just like juice! I loved it. Now what really made this place memorable was the singers at the piano. They were full of character and had amazing voices. You were able to request songs for $5. It was worth it! They made jokes, laughed and sang. If they weren't there last night this place would have been a solid 3 stars, but they made me bump it up to 4. Amazing!
4	We couldn't find parking so we valeted our cars at The Grand and decided to have a few drinks here. Intimate atmosphere with a duo musicians playing the piano and singing guest request for tips. They were personable and very funny even with just a few groups present. Adam our bartender was very kind and helpful. He put up with my drunk friends lol so props to him. plus, we had bogo coupons with our check-ins which was awesome! This place is a gem. I'll definitely come back when I'm around downtown
4	If I smoked cigars this would be the bar I'd go to.. Lol! Small, cute bar located inside The Grand. Mob Bar has that grown & calm atmosphere. Seated ourselves right at the bar and was immediately greeted by Adam. Friendly, funny and accommodated to our every need. He was by himself being the bartender and the server, awesome job for keeping up with everyone! Checking in with Yelp gets your a BOGO cocktail, always a plus! Cocktails for the night were Madison Avenue - sweet drink with a cinnamon sugar rim drink, Mint Coffee Martini - strong coffee taste, still pretty tasty, and my first ever Scoobie Snack - must have!Major plus for the night were the piano singers! They were talented, outgoing personalities, entertaining and very funny! They interacted with everyone instead of just performing! Too bad they couldn't do our requested rap song lol, nonetheless they were enjoyable! Not sure if every night is like this but if you're looking for a chill night of drinks and live music, come here!
1	Won't accept yelp check in offer and bartender was snarky about it.  Nothing like the old location.  I'll pass, thank you.
4	Best bartender that I've ever had the pleasure of. This guy knows his art. How refreshing it is to have someone know how to make a drink the "right way". The ambiance is nice and there are a few regular locals that are interesting to talk to in the evening hours. I like this so much better than some of the clubby, ridiculousness that you might find on the Strip. This is the spot to come to relax and take a load off for a while.
4	This is a great old school style lounge inside The Grand. It has a great atmosphere and good drink specials. I just wish they had a piano player all the time.
4	We celebrated our friends birthday here a few weeks ago. We all dressed up with a 1920s theme and had a blast. The drinks were delicious  and there was a large booth in the back that sat our whole group perfectly. The live dueling pianos were a blast and made my friend feel extra special by calling her out and singing to her. My only complaint  was that they were not serving food after 9pm which we were not aware of before hand so many of us arrived hungry and had to leave to get food from the diner in the casino. However the Mob Bar staff did let us bring in our take out which I really appreciated!!
4	It is a very chill bar that is fun to relax at and have a good drink.  Fun atmosphere and sometimes they have live music which is awesome.  Went to it one night when they had dueling pianos though and was not a fan. The crowd was small for the dueling pianos and when people would put in requests with anything less than five dollars the piano players would make comments about that being insulting and not do the songs at all even after taking the tip. Other than that experience, I would highly recommend anybody stop by if they are downtown.
5	This bar is now closed! :(I am bummed....
