4	Came to check out SLS Buffet for their grand opening 8/23/14. Dinner was $40 per person. I was impressed with decor and the overall atmosphere of the place. The food were mostly served in a red cast iron cookwares which I thought made a nice impression. The food were above average but overall satisfied with main entrees, superb desserts, and live crepe station which was my favorite. We had an awesome service and a pleasant experience.
3	They (countless Internet people with sexy six-pack abs I follow on Twitter & Instagram) say that the secret to having a six-pack abs is not the workout sessions at the gym, but mostly (let's say 75%) because of what you eat.  With that said, all the gym rats and fitness minded folks with goals of obtaining or maintaining their six-packs, you do not have to avoid the SLS Buffet... on your cheat day.The rest of the people that are normal (even extra normal) and more well rounded (pun intended) in the waistline department, come as often as you like (Note: You can earn 2 complimentary SLS Buffet passes with 500 slot points).  Having a few meals here will definitely help you maintain your corpulent rotundness, making you just that much more beloved by Jenny Craig. So I know I been watching what I eat recently. So if it wasn't for the SLS grand opening and the "obsession?" to check out new places and leave a trail blazer report for the rest of the Yelp Pals, my better judgement would have grounded me and kept me on my granola with dried blueberries diet.  But I suck at being rational when it comes to food and women. So here I am at home now, writing my review.First of all, SLS being the latest casino property to open to the general public in LV (as of Aug 23, 2014), with nice modern facelift to update what used to be the Sahara, of course has a modern looking buffet.  It is not huge or fancy like Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet, but it is still way better than the one at the Palms.  On opening weekend, the dinner is $40.  So it is not cheap. But still in the same ballpark as the rest of the also ran buffet contenders.The dining area and also the serving stations look pretty good.  The decorations seems (okay, not gonna sugar coat it), is half complete for the serving stations.  The shelves above is only decorated on about 60% of the buffet (Asian dim sum section to just past the mid point (carving station). Not sure if it was a budget thing, or not getting in all the decorations elements (enameled cast iron cookware), but the bulk of the decoration is noticeably lopsided. Not a big thing, and will not affect the quality of the food served, but it is just one of those attention to details thing.  The seats and tables in the dining area is comfortable and spaced well, so you do not feel cramped or boxed in (Good job!).The buffet has the usual snow crab legs, some fresh clams, cooked shrimp, prime rib carving station (prime rib was good), dessert station (it is a large island of baked goods, not too much variety though, with some special highlights I will discuss later), a large Asian & dim sum section.  But overall I was not really impressed.  No serious WOW factor. But it is not terrible either.  Pretty A-Okay,with definite room for easy & significant improvements.Let me cover what I do like about this buffet.* Layout of the savory stations is straight forward. No lines per say to wait, just go in for the prize, wherever you see what caught your gleaming eyes.* Plenty of large plates on the bottom shelf for you to pick up and pile on your build your own feast.* Small portions available for self service, which is refreshed with newer back ups. So you get fairly fresh dishes throughout your meal.* The line was very short. Hardly any wait, but you do have to look for the buffet or wonder successfully to this part of the SLS property.* Fresh fried doughnuts tossed in cinnamon sugar. [Highlight of the meal]* Dried Blueberries [Not sure what you would eat this with, but I was happy to just snack on these plain]* Sushi was fresh.* Pastas are all good.* Gelato was tasty & serving was generous (compared to all the buffets I tried further south of SLS).Could be better:* Crepe maker's skill is really at the novice of novice level.  I think he is dreading it, and it shows in the final odd shaped product. The batter is spread thin and overcooked in sections, while thick and under-cooked in others.* Crepe station ingredients are not stored properly for service or needs to be reformulated. (Chocolate and Nutella are so thick you can't portion it let alone make designs with them. Mixing it with 10% oil or holding it at higher temperature (melting point) would make more sense.* Dim Sum section has great variety but sometimes you just like a lot of shumai (just an example). So should I leave with 3 bamboo steaming baskets or just consolidate right there.* Dim sum portions for some items seems too big (chicken feet, the steam buns), I know I opted out, since I don't want to waste food.* Steamed Basmati rice was dried and crusty. Maybe smaller portions is better or have a cover for it.* Dessert selections is fairly limited. It looks full, but the same desserts are scattered on almost all sides of the large dessert island.For $40 (weekend dinner) I thought it was okay, and worth checking out for the sake of checking it out (even some SLS employees agreed).  $30 is a no brainer. $35 is a toss up. 3 stars!
4	With the opening of the newest casino on the Las Vegas Strip, I took my family out to dinner this evening to give it a try.  I am happy to say that I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food. I would rate this casino buffet a 8.5 out of 10. The selection variety in my opinion falls under 5 categories: Asian, Mediterranean,Seafood, Italian, + Prime Rib, Chicken, & Pork. Although the variety is not as big as some of the other casinos, they do make up for it in the quality of the food.  Everything that I tasted, was fresh,clean, and vibrant.  I attempted to give as much food as I possibly could a fare taste. I was surprised at how well the Asian & Mediterranean food was prepared as this is not something I usually head for.  Props to our server Sonny!  He was friendly, courteous, and attentive. While making his rounds at our table, me made an effort to make some friendly chit chat which made our experience a bit more personal.  Being a local here, I know that is not usually found in the casino restaurants/buffets on the Strip. Thanks you Sonny for a job well done!The Dessert station was pretty nice!  A wide enough variety to fulfill any sugar craving, including the sugar free section! Plus having a crepe station was a welcomed addition. There are 3 topics that I believe can use some improvement.  1) the food temp was mildly warm at best, nothing comes to mind as being "hot" by the time I returned to our table. 2) the Buffet Execs need to have a sign out front which shows the serving times.  3) At $37 p/p for dinner, it's a bit pricey for the amount of selections you actually have to choose from, having stated this now, they do put out some really tasty food!  Perhaps a few dollars cheaper would make that a bit more in line for the value aspect.Thanks again Sonny for making our first impression a positive one. We look forward to our next visit!
4	Delicious selection of food! Smaller selection as others have mentioned. The quality was really good however.  The decor was comfortable, modern and had a decent seating situation. I really love to hit a good buffet for cheat days, and I think we will be back to check this one out again. The crepe station is a great feature, and really elevates the style of the offerings. Having items that can be personalized, like crepes or omelettes is always a welcome situation. $40 per person is about what you  can spend on a quality casual meal in Vegas..so why not have some variety? I  say check it out. Happy Eating!
2	The food was good considering it is a buffet. Nice ambiance. The desserts weren't as good as the other buffets I've been to on the strip; kinda boring. For the $$$, definitely not worth it! For being a new buffet on the strip they really should've brought something new and different from the rest.
4	locals here in las vegas and decided to check out the new SLS & decided on brunch at the buffet. Beautiful decor,  Friendly staff , handsome managers & great food.  Must spend the extra $12 for the unlimited bloody mary and mimosa!  crepe station was a lovely touch you don't see everywhere. Love great customer service, so when manager greets us & asks how we are doing. ...it's a big plus.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.
3	Went to check out the SLS on Sunday and was very happy with the renovation from the Sahara to the SLS.  They used most of the bones of the Sahara so a lot of things are in the same place they were previously and this includes the buffet.  Now, if you were ever at the buffet when it was the Sahara, I am so sorry.  I made that mistake once and never again.  There was a reason they were doing dinners for $6.99 lets leave it at that.  As part of my wanderings I went past the buffet and the delicious smells made me decide to give it a go.  They did not move or add any stations from the old Sahara buffet but they did update them and the food is on the complete opposite end of the scale from the old.  Everything I tried there was either very good or excellent.  It is small compared to a lot of the other strip buffets but it still has a decent variety.  They had both the large platters to serve yourself and small plates available for other items.  They also offer their signature cocktails in a menu on the table along with beer and wine for purchase.  My server was friendly and attentive and so were the others from what I could see.  Was it a bit on the expensive side for what was available? Yes, which is why I only gave it three stars.  I got there just before they switched to dinner so I paid the brunch fee of about $33 with tax.  If you wanted champagne you could do a bottomless glass for an additional $12 but it did not come with the brunch. If you are staying there, it may be worth a visit but I would not make the buffet a dinner destination.
5	I'm a local here in town and decided to check out the new SLS buffet. The decor is wonderful, very intimate and family friendly. The staff and management was on point with customer service. The food was really good!! My favorite things about my experience were the crepe station, dessert selection, crab legs and Bloody Mary bar. I went during weekend brunch. Can't wait to try dinner.
4	Came here for brunch when they opened and it was wonderful! Great and personable staff, which is SO rare for a buffet. They had a bunch of yummy breakfast stuff my boyfriend and I really enjoyed. They also had mostly Asian food out for lunch, and it included sushi! It was only $45 for the two of us, and for being on the strip as well as the quality, that was the cherry on top. I will be back to try dinner.
2	Paid holiday brunch price for Breakfast on Labor Day Weekend and it is a decent buffet but doesnt measure up to Wynn, Bellagio, M Resort, Aria, Cosmo, Caesars considering the similar premium prices.  So many buffets to choose from in Vegas and there is nothig special about this buffet that would warrant a driving north.    Note: Mimosa and Bloody Marys were not included in the premium price.  Also note while most casinos reward programs  like Cosmo and MLife reward you for spending money when you dine,  SLS does not.
4	My husband and I went there for buffet on the opening day August 23 (Saturday). We went at dinner time. The selection of food wasn't very wide but the food tasted good. We liked the prime rib a lot and they have good seafood like cioppino, clam chowder (both red and white), shrimp and crab legs, etc.They also had pasta which tasted good; there are also chinese food, dim sum, and sushi, etc. I took pictures of some food stations so you can check them out. I like their dessert as well, the gelato was awesome, it is tasty, light, not too sensed like ice cream, not synthetic tasting like some other places do. They also have canoli! According to my examination, I  think they used mascarpone cheese instead of ricotta for the canoli filling. (I hate canoli with ricotta cheese as filling). We had a full happy stomach that night. We actually sat for long and no one gave us any stink eye. Our server was courteous the whole time, and the food station servers were polite and courteous for my questions and request. I wanted fresh horseradish for my prime rib but there was none at the station. So I asked them about it and they sincerely went to the kitchen to get some for me. I hope they will continue to be courteous in the future and not only on the opening day. We will go back again maybe after next year to see if they maintain or even improve the quality. =)
4	Very attractive roomSpacious eating areaComfortable chairsVery friendly, attentive service beginning with cashiers, Adam, the manager and Luis, the busserCloth napkinsFood:Many selections attractively presentedOPENED crab legs,shrimps,musselsExcellently seasoned and moist swordfishciappino and a selection of hot soupsGrilled and cooked vegetables: nice selection well prepared (A vegetarian's dream)Asian ribs and chicken very tasty and meatyLarge attractive selection of sushi and noodle dishesOnly food which I tasted which was not up to par was the prime rib which was toughDesserts:Large, attractive selection of small bitesLots of chocolate(YUM !!!!)Best chocolate chip cookies everMade-to-order crepesWonderful rich gelato selections
4	Hotel just opened last week, so this buffet is brand new. So place is still very clean. I tried the brunch, cost per person  $31 plus tax. Service is good. Staff is friendly and very attentive, which always a plus these places. Food selection,  I feel they need to add more selection or spread.   Flavor is good though . I am comparing to  My favorite buffet which is Wicked spoon, next is Bacchanal. I think we need to come back for dinner. This place looks promising.
5	Lots of choice: oysters, crab legs, sushi, dim sum, prime rib and amazing vegetables cooked perfectly al dente in a great room. Like the rest of the sls hotel the design here is a treat. The desserts are another highlight - everything is cooked fresh in front of you. Super friendly service and because the hotel is new there is no waiting in line.
1	weak selection and lackluster in taste on most "hot entree" items and they didn't serve them hot - desserts mediocre at best and selection was .... "yawn"  - service was "ok"  however after drink refills - nobody was bussing plates or table touching,  ask for a manger and was told there unavailable at this time.   floored -
4	Loved it...very clean spacious sitting felt like I was in a restaurant and not a buffet. The choices of food was great and tasty. The hot surface plate to keep the food warm neat, only thing lower temp needed on veggies so I don't over cook or burn. Like that the long crab legs were split. Services staff was very attentive to there guest.  These are some of the food I liked and the way it was seasoned, shrimp stew or gumbo, chicken stew or gumbo, sword fish, broccolini and whole seafood selection. We can not for get the desserts the brownie and the cookies.The tables and chairs silverwares plates bread on the table great touch!!!!! I am not a big fan of sushi but my husband loved it. The front of house manager walked and check spoke with guest made her self visible.The price worth the food that's there and plus it keeps the RIFF RAFF OUT!!!! This is what's needed at this end of the strips. Don't change a thing just better it!!!!Virginia
3	This place was ok compared to other buffets.  The hours should be extended since it is Vegas and no one wakes up that early here.
5	I just had dinner at the SLS Buffet with my husband and 6-year-old son and all I can say is WOW.  I should qualify my opinion a bit -- I love Asian food, and my son loves steamed pork buns.  Well, this place hit the spot.  The dim sum selections were hot and tasted freshly prepared.  In fact, everything we sampled tasted freshly prepared.  I usually pass on buffet sushi, but the tuna nigiri and salmon nigiri were melt-in-your-mouth luscious.  My husband sampled the Indian food and pronounced it tasty.Everything was beautifully presented and the staff working behind the counter were constantly freshening up the buffet.  I felt a bit like a bull in a china shop when I came slopping through, but someone always wiped up after me.Eclairs were served warm, like someone just made them.  What a treat!  I slipped a cookie in my purse for later.No one seems to know about this place yet.  Friday night around 7pm and the place seemed only a quarter full.  Hmm.By the way, we got two free buffets for signing up for a slot card and putting 500 points on it.  Six-year-old got in half price.I echo another reviewer's comments in saying that service was excellent, from the cashiers, the buffet cooks and servers, the waiters, and the bussers.This is my new favorite buffet in Las Vegas, my other favorites being Wynn and Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan).
4	I can't believe I ate the whole thing.I can't believe I ate the whole thing.Mama Mia !!  Papa Pia !!I've been to about 20 Vegas buffets and I'd rate this on Top 5 for sure.Price was average at $ 37.Sushi... amazing... huge fish chunks.Shrimp... right on.Crab legs... so so... not so great.Prime Rib... THE BEST... they grill it extra and YOU MUST DO THIS !Swordfish... THE BEST.Mushrooms.... THE BEST... oh my gosh.... must have now...Desserts.... these little bite size portions... GOOD... get 4 or 5... Mom will never know.HUGE FAN.... and I mean HUGE... gained like 13 pounds...
4	This is my new favorite Buffet.  Reminiscent of the Wicked Spoon Buffet at Cosmopolitan.   I went twice in 2 days! That says something because  of all the food places in Las Vegas I chose the SLS Buffet; not once but twice in a 24 hour period.The food is fresh and bursting with flavor and  appears to be prepared in small batched rather than mass produced and is served tapas style. My favorites where the variety of grilled veggies.  The meat selections were well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  I saw the crab legs and prawns and they looked fresh and seemed to be quite popular.They also brought over a bread basket but I did not partake.The service was a little on the over kill side.  They were VERY helpful and asked constantly if there was anything we needed (even if I was mid sentence) but my glass was never empty and the dirty plated were cleared promptly. So to complain about too much service, seems silly.Make sure to save room for dessert because their desserts are wonderful.  Warm cookies, fresh crepes, freshly made donuts and gelato.It's pricier than some buffets and and less expensive than others.  I thought it was worth every penny and I look forward to going back.
4	If you like high end buffets with no crowds, this one is for you.Being that it's $40 for dinner and they still have no clue which market to go after, I can see why there's no line, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't go.Yes, the selection isn't great (forget making a simple salad) but everything I tried was really good, especially the crepes and gelato.If you're a local, it's 2 for 1, so that makes the sticker shock a little easier to handle.Don't think I would go back unless I had another comp or the price comes down, but it was nice to go try it out.
3	Pretty much what a lot of other people are saying, the food tastes pretty good, but there isn't a very big selection. I think the price is too high, $37 for tuesday dinner, should be about $10 less compared to the other $40 buffets on the strip. I don't see this as a destination buffet. The food was tasty, especially the ribeye steak, but after the first plate didn't get much the second plate because not too much selection. A good portion of the buffet is for asian food, but i come to vegas to eat meat and seafood, not chinese food.      Our server was pretty slow, and since this is a new buffet they're still learning. Lemme first say, our server had a really good attitude and was really friendly, and he was haulin' ass. I think his technique is not efficient though. Its like a cocktail waitress on the casino floor who takes everyones order at once and comes back with all the orders. So you wouldn't see the server for like 10 minutes. He should serve a couple of the tables at a time instead of the entire section.      So overall the food tastes good but limited selection. Probably wouldn't come back unless they lowered the price or had a coupon or comp.
5	Absolutely the best buffet in town! After tasting nearly everything on the line there was not one thing I did not like. There is literally something for everyone! This is not your typical buffet it has the taste of elegance. Meaning everything seems as though it is made from scratch not out of a bag.Then the dessert island... Gelato, warm cookies, crapes, double chocolate muffins, need I say more? Wow!
5	Very good variety of food.. GREAT management and service:))) the dessert bar was awesome as well.
2	Alright SLS you made an impact making this sahara hotel something new but when you want more people to come here you gotta be a big hit. unfortunately the  food did not hit the spot. the only thing was good was the hostess that gave us 2 for 1 because we are locals that came out to about $32 for two people otherwise it would have been $30 a person i really would have been dissapointed if i paid that price and ate the food not liking it...they need to have more varieties and food was bland. i will say this though i had this custard crossiant that was delish and they offered crepes on the spot those were good features for sunday brunch i guess
5	I LOVED THE BUFFET!!! The reason is I get full so quickly especially in typical buffets that have real greasy and salty food.  Here, is till eat the same small portion but I get a lot of healthy choices of grilled veggies and meat and pickled vegetables.  Needless to say the clam chowder was AWESOME, the spicy tuna roll was realllly good, and the breakfast hash brown and hash meat were FANTASTIC!  The desert items are so pretty and delicious.  They remind me of the expensive desert items at Botega Louis in LA or Jean Philippe at aria and the Bellagio but they sell their desert items for $7-$15 a piece!I'll definitely go back here!
4	Went to try the SLS buffet tonight. This buffet is notch under the other premium buffets on the strip. Cost for Friday nights buffet dinner was 39.99. They had the usual split crab legs, Peel and eat shrimp that were actually pretty good. They had a small but good selection of dim sum. Their small selection of sushi was actually pretty good.they had selections of oysters and clams, ribeye steak and Peking chicken. Service at the buffet was very good. They also had a small selection of Indian fair. Pastas and fire oven pizzas. All in all we were satisfied with the food and quality. The dessert bar was very tasty. The selections for the dessert bar included made to order crapes and very tasty gelatos. Again this is not a buffet at Caesars or Bellagio, but it was fun to try a new different buffet. Atmosphere at this buffet was very quiet. Making the dining experience very enjoyable. It seems like a lot of locals go here because of the promotions that they have.
5	No line here at all compared to all the other "hip" buffet places in Vegas. The food is pretty high quality. The crepe station is the bomb and also the dessert area.  The waiter can be more responsive, but I think our group just got the wrong waiter. Food is definitely good for its price and the no wait and quietness makes this place the place to go!! Definitely recommend anyone who is in Vegas to come here!!Also, if you stay at the SLS hotel, someAlcoholic beverages (Stella, red/white wine, mimosas, etc.) are complimentary. So if you're staying at this hotel, definitely come!!
2	The Skinny: meager selection with 2 outstanding items for a regular $30/person brunch or $40/person dinner (2) service/ambience: okay, kind of inconsistent service with bad live music at dinner (2) value: okay if you are a local and take advantage of their 2 for 1 deal...otherwise too pricey for what you get (2)FYI - they serve Pepsi products here.We came here to experience the 2 for 1 locals buffet deal. We came in at the tail end of the brunch to take a look at their brunch items and their dinner selection.Considering the bounty of high end buffets on the Strip, the relatively meager offerings for the price was the first thing that struck me as I checked out the selection. However the main question is does the quality make up for it?The hubs tried their cold cuts and cheese selection which were a decided pass. The salads were okay while the smoked salmon selection were surprisingly bland. Snow crab legs were plentiful. Oysters and cooked mussels were offered during dinner that I did not try. Checked out their Italian section which consisted of 3 types of pasta (meh) and some really anemic looking pizza.Sauteed vegetables were not good. Zucchini were cut  haphazardly and too large to cook evenly. Not a fan of the super charred cauliflower. The broccolini with almonds were okay.The Indian offerings of chicken makhani(poorly spiced, not smoky and not rich enough), cauliflower curry (bland), chicken biryani (dry and scary looking) cannot compare to any standard $11 Indian lunch buffet in terms of quality not to mention price. And this takes up a good amount of space. Sushi was okay - your standard AYCE joint off Strip is still way better due to pre made too long factor at the buffet. The Chinese food was slightly better quality than your regular buffet offerings however still not great. For roasted meats, I was surprised that the prime rib was so overdone. The closest to rare was basically medium well. Ribs were too dry.The only savory thing that was outstanding for me was their Peking chicken (yes, chicken! No duck) The five spice powder/ crispy skin made for a flavorful combination.During brunch they did have some fruit available however with dinner there was no fruit to be found.Dessert was a disappointment in general. For the diabetics, there are no sugar free options.Their brownies were more cake like. The peach cobbler used canned peaches with too much nutmeg and it had this really bad greasy pie crust on top. That is not peach cobbler! To be honest I am not sure what to call it. Bread pudding was too texturally mushy while the panna cotta was overly solid.Cupcakes were a wash. The so-called Boston cream cupcake were plain flavorless yellow cake mix with substandard chocolate frosting. No custard or pudding....WTF? Red velvet with cream cheese frosting was also quite bad and rather bland. Yeah, don't ask me how that happened but there it is.The crepe batter was weird. Not enough butter and eggs made for a poorer texture. The cold goopy caramelized bananas did not help as well and would have been better just cut fresh. The crepes themselves were misshapened and relatively uneven in thickness.The ice cream/gelato selection was limited to about 6 flavors of which none were really worth going back for (tried Nutella, mint chip, strawberry, cookies and cream). Artificial and icy in texture, Haagen Daz or Talenti from the supermarket tastes better.The best thing here was the fried mini donuts with cinnamon and sugar. Light and crispy, we waited an hour into dinner service before this was available. Glad we waited for it.Our server was quite good in the beginning however she was slow to refill glasses and remove our plates after about an hour. Seeing as how the restaurant was only 50% capacity, it was kind of weird. Ambience wise, they brought out some bad live music performer who did crappy covers of Eric Clapton and George Michael during dinner service. Unfortunately it was rather loud especially when he failed to hit the high notes.Given how we paid half price, the experience was okay for what we paid. However at full price? Definitely not worth the price of admission. Considering your plethora of options out there, I would rather pay more for a better quality product. Instead making rather poor renditions of various ethnic food that is done better and cheaper elsewhere, they should really focus on improving the quality of their basics first (ie, roasted meats, pizza, pastas, ice cream offerings) and add a few kid friendly items like a really good macaroni and cheese.The buffet shows signs of struggling as they now only open 3 days a week (Friday-Sunday). I guess that is why they are offering 2 for 1 for locals. As much as I'd like the new kid in town to succeed, I still would have to give it a 2 star review in comparison to much better options around town.
5	The buffet is tucked away at the SLS HOTEL,  but once you find it, you will be very happy you did. The food at this buffet is amazing.  This is not your typical vegas buffet, this is a foodie buffet. The selection ranges from seafood with smoked salmon to crab legs; meats @nd cheese selections; $sushi with real crab!  There are more options but would take a while to go thru each one. Get the drink package for endless wine,  champagne,  beer or bloody Mary's. Now the dessert bar will amaze you and make you bust. The chefs handcrafted each dessert, handmade cannolis,  cookies, eclairs and cupcakes.  They have a freaking crepe bar, so good, dont miss this buffet.
5	My husband and I went to the buffet on a Thursday night. It's located on the 2nd floor. ..kinda secluded. I could smell the aroma of fresh doughnuts down the hall. The buffet is a bit pricey about 40 a person but we're locals so we got a buy one get one! The selection isn't as large as most buffets but the quality was on point!!! The food was very flavorful. .even the pizza..so darn good! I loved the pasta and the grilled cauliflower with bacon yum! They make there own pastries...I wanted to take some cookies n cream Gelato with me and the gave me a to go cup and filled it up:) One of the guys working named sonny was so friendly and he talked with us for a bit...thank you sonny for making a great night more memorable!  Will definitely be going back.
4	I will say the food was really good like the Prime Rib, the oysters, the sushi, and some of the other things, but the best things were the dessert.  Really liked the chocolate cookie and the chocolate cake along side the Salted Peanut Butter Ice Cream.I would have given it 5 stars, but the problem was SERVICE.  Around dinner eating time there was only one person seating people where half the buffet was empty making a huge line.  Then when eating at ANY buffet people will get up and get another plate, but this one server thought once you're done with you're plate you're done.  I can understand making that mistake like once every now and then, but this girl server did it like 3 times within 30 minutes.  It's a little bit of a pain when you're eating when you have to wait for silverware and drinks TWICE in one night.Other than that make sure you tell them you're a local so you can get buy one get one free.
3	This buffet is definitely off the beaten path and quite a hike from the casino floor, in comparison to the majority of Strip casinos.  Thank goodness my meal was comped through a gaming promotion or I may have been quite disappointed.  Things got off to a rocky start when they weren't able to find my promo code on my CODE card, even though the CODE rep at the membership desk told me exactly what to do/where to go to redeem.  The wait after paying was about 20-30 minutes, which was extremely disappointing since they only had half of the dining room open.  The hostess "guarding" the dining room made it clear that they didn't have enough servers scheduled to open the other half of the dining room.  When I was getting seated, the seating hostess apparently wasn't paying attention to her radio earpiece and tried to seat me at a table set for 4; I was dining alone.  The selection of items offered on the buffet was pretty good, definitely not the Vegas standard, though.  There were absolutely NO fried foods, which was a really nice change.  I particularly enjoyed the Kung Pao Chicken, the sausage flatbread pizza, and both of the pastas that I tried.  The Prime Rib was good, but the wait to get a piece done to my liking was a little frustrating.  The pork dish that was being served at the carving station made me leery, so that went untouched.  There was a great selection of desserts available as well, including gelato and individually plated gourmet desserts.My service was decent, but my beverage did sit empty twice during the course of the meal.  All in all, it was a good experience, but it will probably be a little while before I try it again - especially with their reduced hours!
1	From reading everyone review make me thing I could be wrong. But after trying this over-price buffet I would give it a zero if yelp would allow me. For starter, they were under staff on Sunday night. The food selections was EXTREMELY small in portion. Which does not meet the qualification of ALL YOU CAN EAT. They kept running out of foods. I had to go back three times before I got any crab leggs. They ran out of spoon for soup. Had to go back to ask for spoons. In the dim sum section, they was nothing but empt bamboo container. No dim sum. I see everyone else with fried noodles, sushi, pork hash. Yet when you get there. There's nothing left. Like I said I had to go back three time before I got what I want. Not a lot of option on food items on this buffet. The Indian section was poor selection. Cauliflower curry? Really? Not enough flavor in any of the dishes. Also it was an hour into my meal before I got my drinks refill, I didn't even know who my server was. The hostess took my drinks order when I got back from getting my foods the first round my drinks was there. As for the desert, twenty thumbs down. I got crepes which was poorly made by the pastery maker. The batter was not mix right. Mine look like it's been drop and poke with twenty forks. He had to confident to give it to me. Wow! My mouth dropped. I can't bake. I could of done a better job. I would of been embarrassed to service myself yet someone else with crepes that look like that. I really like the small portion of the deserts but again, it took me forever to find spoons to eat those tastely deserts. The red velvet cupcake was hard as a rock. Everything else was so bland. Not enough flavor, sugars to call it deserts. For the price they charge you're better off at Wicked Spoons.. better yet pay the extra $20 more at Bachannal. Get your money worth. I'm a local and I work in travel industry myself. I like to explore different restaurants to recommend to my customers. Unfortunately I would not recommend SLS buffet. I was truly disappointment I was $43 plus tips. The quality of the foods where not there. I can't think one single items I was in wow off that makes me want to go back.
2	Regular price is $40. Got the 2-for-1 special. Otherwise, I wouldn't go. None of it was good but it wasn't awful though. I just wouldn't pay $40 for what I got. The best part was probably the prime rib and gelato.
1	We TRIED to go to the buffet on Tuesday eve for dinner, but found it was closed Mon-Thurs.  This wouldn't have been so bad if it weren't for the fact there is absolutely NO signage informing you of this until you make the ridiculously long trek down multiple hallways to get to the entrance.  WTF, SLS?!
3	Friday night about 8pm was First time to SLS Buffet. A loooong walk to Buffet from Casino.We received BOGO with Players "Code" card @ local id, $40 for 2.I believe can also get BOGO if a Hotel Guest?You be the judge whether this buffet is worth the regular price of $40?It's a very small buffet, yet Not crowded at all for a Friday night. Very few people there.I would suggest a walk through before paying because the selections are very limited & may not be to your liking?Because we were within 1 hour of closing, the food items were not refreshed/maintained. Funny, but the Rice with chicken layered on top was refilled/refreshed about 9pm.But was mostly without (only a few pieces) chicken from the time we got there. Rather than mix the chicken in, they lay the pieces of chicken on top. So people pick the chicken off the top with little rice & leave a pile of rice.No Salad Bar to speak of.Skinny Crab Legs, kind of not worth the effort? Pictures of Crab Legs look bigger/better than in person.No great selection of items to speak of.Sushi was decent. Very good rice compared to most buffets.Dessert selection & freshness was very good.It was ok-good for the $40 BOGO. But would not have gone in if I had to pay $40/person.When we left casino after gambling some, it was a Looong walk to Valet pickup!Like around to the backside of the building & have to walk outside!
1	Sunday night Buffet was boring, waiter don't pick up use plates like other buffet do. Foods are not attractive, mostly overcooked veggie, rice, pasta and beans. Indian biriyani ...are you kidding I cook better than upscale restaurant.  I paid for unlimited drink charge on my stay, don't know where is the bar is. Not much helping waiters. I'm not big fan of buffet but trying to see what they offers at newly open luxury hotel. Don't waste your money go Taco stand or McDonald
4	Got it for free...sign up with their play card "The Code" and get 500 points..u will get 2 free buffets good for 48 hours. I played $100 and it got me to 1000 points. If u don't use it, u will play $40...bottomless mimosas for $12
5	This is my second time going to the buffet. First was a sunday brunch and last night for dinner. Adam the Gm and Eddie took care of my family so well and we were all so impressed with their great spirirts,attentiveness and overall happiness. They all really enjoy what they do and it shows. The buffett has prime rib, snow crab, seafood cioppino, manhatten,new england chowder, sushi, gnocchi, polenta and many more delectable delights! Locals get 2 for 1 ($39.99 for 1 person) and all u can drink champagne, bloody mary's, stella beers and vino. Great value and they really take care of you. I just moved to vegas 1 month ago and its off the strip and it id definitely worth going! I'll be back. Thanks Adam!
3	I came here for lunch with a party of 4 a couple weeks ago, which costs $30 per person. Thank goodness for the 2-for-1 deal when you sign up for their Code membership and for locals.I thought the price didn't justify the food. In my opinion, the choices weren't as good as other buffets during lunch. If the price for lunch was $12, then I can see myself returning. However, the quality of the food and the choices available wasn't what I expected for a $30 lunch.However, the dessert area was exceptional for lunchtime. They had crepes, cereal, waffles, and parfaits. This beat the lunch selections ten times over. I will say, though, that the yogurt used in the parfait was way too sweet. It was close to being sour.If the food choices and quality improve, then I'll come back. Until then, I'll go to one of the many other locals casinos that I have been to plenty of times. I know I'll get my money's worth for lunch there.
4	This is a great buffet! Although nearly every casino hotel in Vegas has a buffet, the SLS Buffet falls in the rare category of special. Upon walking down the buffet line, you realize that the dishes make sense and complement each other...it's like the chef is telling you a story, and it's a delicious journey!The buffet doesn't have the varied selections like Bacchanal or Bellagio, but it has its own personality. There could be more cold options, but the meat and cheese display is fantastic! I love soups, and there was an abundant selection of soups...4 types if you count the cioppino.The prime rib is fantastic. It beats Wicked Spoon hands down, and it's perfect! The seasonings are excellent, the meat is naturally tender and the flavor is exactly the way prime rib should taste...heaven!The crab legs were kind of unimpressive; and the shrimp cocktail was slightly overcooked but seasoned well. The seafood boil was overcomplicated, and the oysters were standard fare.I was a bit confused with the Indian cuisine...I remember when Aria tried to do Indian, but Aria had delicious naan bread!The best section was the Chinese section...it felt like an authentic dim sum restaurant! Chicken feet, pork knuckles, and other tasty Asian treats. Most impressive!!!We got to meet Adam, the GM of the SLS Buffet. What an awesome guy! Service was good because of Adam. Adam explained the concept, decor, and the whole thought process. There is so much potential for this place!A few more options to choose, and less steamed rice (they had basmati rice, jasmine rice, and brown rice).Can't wait to come back and see what else is new and improved next time!
4	This review is extended because I've had some time to think about how I really felt about it... and there's really a lot to talk about.  In the sea of buffets in Vegas, there are a few that stand out... Bacchanal at Caesars, Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, and now, the buffet at SLS.The SLS buffet is not as big as the other two and there's not as much variety, but some of the things that they do well, they do very well.Before we get into it though, I will mention that they just opened not very long ago, and so I'm sure they are changing and making tweaks every day.The buffet's variety is limited as I mentioned before.  And at times, it feels unbalanced.  Ok, let's get to the Chinese section.  Dim sum.  Whose bright idea was it to bring dim sum to Las Vegas buffet?  Was it Bacchanal?  I don't care.  I love it  I can't get enough of it.  I'm from Hong Kong so I know my dim sum and this is legit.  They come in cute individual bamboo steamers too.  I love a good presentation.  Oh, and something about their spring rolls.  They're like crack.  Crispy and the vegetable filling hits the spot.  I'm not sure how many of those I ate.They had XO Rolled Rice Noodles.  I have never seen that at a buffet before.  This is a very Cantonese dish.  Rolled rice noodles woked with spicy XO sauce.  Delicious and comforting.  And then there's the chow mein.  Ho-hum.  Chow mein.  WAIT!  No, this is no ordinary chow mein.  This is Cantonese style soy sauce chow mein ("soy sauce king" chow mein).  Clearly, they've got a Cantonese chef back there!  Hello!  I can eat just in the Chinese section of the buffet and be happy.With that said, there are some very specialized dishes there.  Namely, the pork knuckles and chicken feet.  They're not for me, but I know people who like them.  But I also know far more people who don't... and this might be one of those things that can be sacrificed to make room for more variety.  Even the XO Noodles and soy sauce chow mein are pretty niche in my opinion, as much as I love them.  But I'm not complaining that there's good Canto food here.Let's move away from my variety issue, and get on to what else they have.  Sushi is well represented here, and surprisingly fresh.  Buffet tuna can often be a little mushy.  But the tuna here has nice texture, and tastes great.  Definitely go get yourself some sushi here. The meat station... I tried the prime rib.  I have yet to find a buffet that has decent prime rib which is why I avoid it if I can. But they nailed it.  It was juicy, tender, and well seasoned.  I'm pretty impressed.Unfortunately I wasn't a fan of the cold seafood station.  Peel and eat shrimp... It was overcooked and having to peel shrimp shells was a pain.  I get that having the shrimp shells on provides more flavor (I often cook shrimp with the shells on myself), but when you overcook the shrimp, the shells won't save you.The crab legs were good.  On par with Caesars.Let's move on to the desserts... The good: salted peanut butter ice cream.  It is exactly how I imagined it to be, and it was delicious.But unfortunately the rest of the desserts were disappointing.  I didn't try their cupcakes and brownies or the many variations of them (blondies).  They just looked dense and heavy, and after a big meal, that's not what I'm looking for.  I did try their tiramisu, and that was pretty sad.  Likewise for their chocolate mousse and cannoli.  The desserts just seemed very one-dimension.I would have appreciated maybe chocolate dipped strawberries, maybe something tart?  Lighter desserts.   I think they can benefit from a new pastry chef.Let's talk service.  Service is amazing.  Top notch.  Attentive and friendly wait staff, and the manager was always visible.  Can't ask for more.So let's go back to my obsession about variety.  During the meal I felt the buffet was missing a station, and I couldn't quite put my finger on it.  I think it might be just snack/finger foods.  As silly as it sounds, one of my favorite things to get at Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal is snacks.  Fries, sweet potato tots, chips... whatever.  Simple stuff, right?Overall, I had an enjoyable experience, and I know this place can (and will) get better.  I will be back (especially since I have 2 free buffets from their player's club! :)
5	GreathGood and great food seafood and service I highly recommend dinning at the sls buffet
2	I'm  a firm believer of second chances ..that's what I did with SLS buffet ..but it was a disappointment they have Indian section and being Indian myself its horrible ... Basmati rice is not cooked right and to begin with it's not basmati I have eaten rice all my life and if you can't get the rice right you can't serve good Indian food. Dessert was another disappointment other than raspberry gelato everything else did not have any taste . It's over priced  and bad food . The reason I gave 2 stars was for the staff and ambience
5	This is the spot if you like crab!   Service is simple, it's a buffet.  Pay your money which is $29.00 for 2 people if your a local, and also if your a local, all you can drink beer, wine.  So, this was my second visit.  I went with about 8 others.  And one of my friends, asked them to grill the crab!  So I followed suit!  OMG!  If they ain't grilled, I don't want it!  Lordie, lordie lordie!  They slapped some butter on it, while it was on the grill, then some seasonings!  OMG!  This was the best freakin crab I've ever had in my life!  So since this was my second time, all I wanted was the Salad wedge and some pansit.    I think we had at least 5 glasses of wine, and they would have kept it coming, and we would have kept drinking it, but we had to go to  our next spot.I was even having dreams about this crab!  So you know it must be good! But this is a fabulous place if your a crab lover!  What are you waiting for, go check it out.
3	Went here twice before throwing up a review. They have a 2 for 1 locals deal that makes it bearable. First time around the service was atrocious. Second time the service was excellent. Some lazy people on staff and some really good ones.On both occasions the place was empty (on the weekend)...this creates a problem because you want the food to be fresh...dry rice on the sushi rolls, extremely dry basmati rice in the Indian section.The selection is small for a $40 buffet and if I were paying regular price I'd be pissed.The prime rib was decent and rare just how I like it. The snow crab is cut for you so minimal work (although it was on the salty side).Crepe station was nice, although the first time I went the guy burned my crepe and still served it to me, it was dry and crackly...shoulda been throw out and restarted. They have warm cookies and molton lava cake...add some vanilla gelato to hit the spot.Panna cotta wasn't set correctly, kind of drippy.The asparagus was overcooked.The sushi section is "ok" for buffet sushi. Just pluck the strips of salmon off the rice mound to make it more than "ok". No "Must Eat All Rice" policy here.They had the exact same food out for dinner 3 weeks ago as they did tonight so don't expect anything to change if you revisit.3 stars because I had a 2 for 1.To pay $40/person though is ludicrous, this is NOT a high end buffet.
5	The statement being made here is quality not quantity. This is my third time here and my first brunch. The champagne was flowing and we never had to look for our waiter...His name is Perfecto! Started with a bagel and salmon. Who could decide whether to choose smoked or wet cured.... I took both! Omelette, and  sushi is fabulous  and it is the freshest I have ever had. Then a little lamb and some Asian. Another glass of champagne please.... But don't forget to leave to for the crepe with fresh berries and of course whip cream. Two for one for locals and this is my number one vote for a buffet. Although I think I like the dinner choices better.
1	UPDATE: THIS BUFFET HAS TEMPORARILY CLOSED!http://vegas.eater.com/2014/11/10/7189237/and-now-for-the-first-shutter-at-sls-las-vegasSLS president Scott Kreeger said the second-floor location "is doing OK, but not hitting out of the park" as compared to the other hotel-casinos restaurants.No doubt!  Have any of these wizards even been to a competitor's buffet to see where they went so wrong??
5	Great place, everyone was so friendly and attentive. The price special 2 for 1 for locals comes down to $20.00 a person. The food is very good and vegetables are fresh not overcooked, my boyfriend and I went on a Saturday night and fell in love with their Prime Rib and desserts.
3	If you've been to the buffet back when it was the Sahara you'd remember the little journey you had to take just to get to the buffet. Well the SLS buffet doesn't have that kind of journey as before but still it's a some what a walk from the main casino. Maybe it's not such a bad thing. The hours and days are weird for a Vegas buffet. They only do brunch and dinner Fri, Sat, and Sunday. The prices are decent especially if you have a Nevada ID and sign up for the CODE card, 2 for 1 prices.The interior is nice very nice. The selection and presentation of the food are also nice however some of the food seemed like it was sitting out for awhile. The plates are small. The crepe station was nice except it was poorly made. The fresh made waffles were nice except the guy making them didn't know how to use the waffle maker, it was funny watching him break the machine and see the batter spill out. The fresh made donuts were also nice but when it's slow, which it was, seemed like they made to much and when I wanted them they were cold and hard. Liked the seafood selection there were oysters, shrimp, crab, various salmons, sushi, etc. They had dim sum served in individual steamers. The meats weren't the greatest but they had a good selection prime rib, ribs, chicken, etc. During brunch they have fresh made to order omelets.The leg room on the tables are bad. You might whack your knees.Good customer service, very friendly and quick at bringing drinks out.In a city of buffets they're not the best for the value but decent with the 2 for 1 price.
4	Not too many choices at brunch, surprisingly it worked for me, raw seafood station was all I needed! Smoked salmon with capers, lightly salted shrimps and snow crab legs, very fresh and tender, I mostly just ate those with some grilled brocolis, I just wanted a very light brunch.Other stations I have browsed by:Breakfast itemsSalads and PizzasAssorted Cheese and Cured meatsCooked seafood Dim sum SushiRoasted beefBaby back ribsRoasted Chicken and DuckDesserts I didn't have any of those, hubby liked the roasted beef, pork dumplings and shumai, duck and chicken were okay. There was no line at all, otherwise I wouldn't have agreed to eat buffet, only $30ish per person, good valued brunch. If you only like crab legs, it will do for you, for other things? Not so much.Ps. Had two mimosas, free of charge, our waitress got more tips for that of course!
2	Disappointing. For $39.99 per person, they should be ashamed of themselves to charge so much for such a small, weak selection of food. We went on Sunday, the last day before they closed. I hope whoever is in charge of SLS and their buffet reads into not just Yelp reviews, but any type of feedback they can access to.Personally, I don't think it's the location that made SLS Buffet version1.0 a failure. I mean, look at the other popular buffets locations in other hotels on the strip. Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon buffet comes to mind. Isn't their location out in the boonies? Or look at Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet. They, too, also have to take an escalator to get to their buffet area. All in all, it's really the  QUALITY and VARIETY of what you bring to the table (literally). Once entering into the buffet dining area, I noticed a change of...theming. All of a sudden....I thought I was eating at some restaurant in the cabin/woods. I thought I even saw some deer or buffalo heads mounted on the walls??? =/ What the...?! Tables looked very picnic-esque. Also, it felt like just because it was the last night, employees were slacking....or they simply just don't give a F%*# anymore. Case in point: soup section. Here I am....seeing two different types of chowders all dried and crusted. But my crazy ass still wanted to give it a try. Okay but um...where are the spoons?? I told the girl that was behind the counter they were out of soup spoons. She said okay and disappeared. I waited for 5-7 minutes. There was no sight of her. I'd still be there waiting if they didn't close this place down. So I drank my soup like a barbarian...basically I slurped it up. LOL! And omg...it tasted like it was STRAIGHT FROM A CAN and it was probably two days old. I was horrified.Nothing looked fresh. They labeled some chicken to be curry chicken. I thought, great! I'm a big fan of curry. Once I got to my table, the chicken was 100%  NOT curry!!!!!! It was full on tomato sauce chicken. WTF!? Ugh...disappointed once more.Seriously, QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY, SLS. I'm glad we went when they had a 2 for 1 locals special. Don't charge a general price of $40 per person for dinner when really....tourists WILL go to somewhere that's at least 3x better; even if they have to pay an additional $10. Charging Wicked Spoon pricing for a Station buffet. Wow. WHAT WERE YOU THINKING!?!
3	The buffet is just OK in my opinion. If you're staying at the hotel, the bottomless mimosas are complimentary and even though we were staying at the hotel and were CODE members, we weren't giventhe 2 for 1 deal as the front staff had no idea about, even though we asked. The buffet choices are just fine. Few sushi, few Indian, few Chinese, few Italian. The crab legs were not good. The shrimps are not peeled or deveined and thats just gross and messy. The carving station meats are meh. The desserts look better than they taste. Considering the reputation of SBE to have good tasting restaurants, the buffet disappoints. But to soak up the alcohol induced night to morning and the free mimosas and two for one deals, it's not bad at all.
