5	My new favorite dessert place! Money well worth it. Reminds me of Chikalicous in East Village, New York
4	Opening day of Sweets Raku was pretty great. Love the simple, modern decor and that you get a high end experience, for a somewhat reasonable price. You can tell that they put a lot of thought into everything, and I love little details like the curved glasses, their utensil holders and that they made a spoon rest out spare wall tiles.Servers are incredibly attentive and friendly - she actually remembered me from the day before when I popped in since John Curtas (mistakenly) said they were unofficially open and serving from the 5th. They got their liquor license quicker than expected, so they don't have wine available yet (assume that's coming soon), but they do offer yummy Illy coffee and some tempting tea selections. I went with just an iced latte $4.50, and the coffee ice cubes inside were a nice surprise since the drinks stays cold without getting watered down. For now, your only option is to do the three course $19 prix fixe menu w/ an amuse, choice of 3 main desserts, and petits fours. FYI maybe this will change, but it's currently an additional $12 to share - you do get a 2nd amuse and petits fours with a shared dessert. Instead of sharing, I'd suggest just paying the extra $7 so you get another main dessert as well. The menu is entirely edible - printed on rice paper and served with a raspberry sauce for dipping. Even the holder ring is made of pretty pulled sugar. Honestly, it wasn't particularly delish, but it's a cool concept to be able to eat your menu. Amuse came out quickly - it was a really refreshing mango sorbet with mint jelly. It was smooth and basically like eating a fresh mango. The jelly was minty enough that you could taste it, but not overwhelming. My neighbors had the strawberry/banana dessert and loved it, but I can't resist chocolate, so I went with Apollo for my main - chocolate and framboise (raspberry) mousse. The desserts are assembled to order before your eyes surprisingly quickly.   The signature for Japanese desserts seems to be that they're never too sweet - it may end up being bland to some people, but I really like that you can focus on the flavor vs just tasting the sweetness of sugar. I love mousses, but they usually seem so heavy and rich that you feel like crap after having them. This was somehow really light with the chocolate and raspberry perfectly balanced. I kind felt like there was too much going on w/ all the other components, but it made for a beautiful dish - almost too pretty to eat. The petits fours was a mini chocolate lava cake w/ little raspberry and passion fruit marshmellows on the side, and some random raisins too. It's pretty small, about 2" diameter but it's a petits fours, so you should kind of expect that. Don't expect your typical lava cake, because again, they go light on the sugar so it seemed super chocolatey to me. Kind of like a good quality dark chocolate vs a cheap hershey bar. It was a great way to end the meal. The timing of that last course was a little off - it took a while to arrive since they had to bake it, but she did mention up front that it would take time.I actually went by myself because nobody wanted to spend $20 on dessert, but it wasn't awkward since everything came out relatively fast and sitting at the counter has kind of a more communal feel. So I did end up chatting with strangers a bit. It was overall a fun and fancy dessert experience without being the least bit pretentious. I can't really say these were mind blowing desserts, and if you prefer really sweet things, this may not be the place for you. But for the service level, and the fact that they're basically making art before your eyes, I think it's worth the $19 price. It's about the experience, and it's definitely a great date spot. The server even chased me down in the parking lot to give me an opening day giftbag with a chocolate cake, mini madelines and an almond cookie. She was too cute.  I don't know that this is really a negative, but I was a little surprised that there was really nothing asian about any of the desserts - I kind of expected more Japanese influenced flavors like matcha and yuzu. But the menu is supposed to constantly change, so  who knows for the future
5	I love Raku and it holds a special place in my heart for many reasons...and now a Sweets Raku? Cuh-razy! I went on the second day they opened thinking they'd be extremely busy on opening day.  It's in the same parking lot as Monta, Raku, Trattoria Nakamura-ya, Big Wong and the future home of SnowFlake Shavery (FKA Frost Bites)...it's unmarked and right next door to the unclearly marked Kabuto.  If you find a big silver spoon, you've found Sweets Raku!  My Asian GPS got me confused last night so I hope that helps.The place is nice, bright, clean and modern-looking...I love it!  There's a "wall" of bottled water separating the entrance from the dining area.  I'd recommend sitting at the bar so you can watch the magnificent angels of dessert heaven do their thing. The oven is right in front of you so you can watch them bake. At first, I thought it was just a prop because it's soooo clean.  The sole unisex bathroom (marked by a red and a green apple) is so cute. I spent a lot of time in there admiring the kawaii-ness of it. The servers and chefs were in all white with Marimekko aprons...and they have Marimekko drink coasters too. Reminds me of a Crate and Barrel catalog. So, you want to know about the food?  As somebody with such a sweet tooth celebrating my birth month, I had no reason not to love this place.  The drink menu alone wowed me.  They have Illy coffee and Lupicia Tea (Japanese for awesome flavored tea!!!).  I got a pot of Strawberry & Vanilla green tea...oh my, I can drink this all day and all night.  Shawn tried the Champagne Rose black tea...it was ok.  We were enjoying dipping our edible menu in raspberry sauce...good thing we already placed our order before we ate the menu! "I ate the menu now I don't know what I want. May I have another one?" The $19 prix fixe menu includes amuse, a choice of dessert (Marriage, Apollo or Veil) and petit four...for an additional $7, you can do a wine pairing with your dessert.  We got a glass of Rosa Regale with our Marriage and Apollo.Amuse:Strawberry sorbet with mint jelly.  Nice contrasting colors of red and green.  The cold strawberry sorbet was mildly sweet and very slightly tart - cleverly meshed with the cool taste of mint jelly. 5/5Apollo:Raspberry mousse and a thin layer of custard in between two layers of chocolate mousse topped with fresh raspberries and Earl Grey tea ice cream.  Also on the plate: chocolate ribbon, raspberry puree, chocolate ganache,  chocolate rice squares, meringue and crushed pistachios. 5/5Marriage:Strawberry mousse, banana custard, sponge cake, fresh berries, white chocolate and whipped cream with gold leaf. My favorite part of this dessert was the banana custard. 5/5Petit Fours:Chocolate lava cake lightly dusted with powdered sugar, raspberry marshmallows and passion fruit marshmallow. Warm chocolate cake with hot chocolate gushing out as you poke the middle with a spoon...everybody has had this before but what's different about this were the fruity marshmallows.  4/5For coming in on opening week, we got goodie bags with madelines, chocolate cake and almond brittle...which I ate for breakfast! All the desserts are very Japanese: mildly sweet with contrasting flavors but has an element that somehow makes it a happy union...beautifully plated.  I'd have to come back to try Veil (stuffed custard pie) next time.  Also, service was very friendly and attentive.  It was definitely the perfect way to end my evening.
2	Let's make this clear before I begin...I LOVE RAKU...LOVE!  That's why i was so excited to hear about this dessert bar opening.  I thought it was a fresh idea to have in Vegas.  Like the other reviews the restaurant itself is spot on.  All white...great plates, glasses, tea pots, tea cups, silverware, they have a modern twist on them all.  I was so close in snagging a spoon for my ice cream at home. LOL!  Restroom was very cool, but I don't know how long that remoted controlled toilet will last and I figure someone sooner or later will think the sink is a trash can, but whatever it's still very cool.Now, let me get to the part why i gave it 2 stars.  Lets get to the desserts...Amuse:Strawberry sorbet with mint jelly.  This was a strawberry sorbet you could get anywhere nothing spectaculor about it.  The mint jelly had no flavor and I feel was simply there for texture.  Not impressed.Apollo:Raspberry mousse and a thin layer of custard in between two layers of chocolate mousse topped with fresh raspberries.  Again, I did not see anything great of this dish just a typical dessert you can get anywhere.Marriage:Strawberry mousse, banana custard, sponge cake, fresh berries, white chocolate and whipped cream with gold leaf. This looked awesome, but tasted again like any other dessert.  Truthfully the sponge cake was dry and not that moist.Petit Four:Chocolate lava cake lightly dusted with powdered sugar, raspberry marshmallows and passion fruit marshmallow. Cool idea with the flavored marshmallows, but the chocolate lava cake was too bitter and nothing on the plate to balance it.  I must add that I did think making the menu being edible was fun and creative.  I did receive the goodie bag and I have to say that I was more impressed with the goodie bag than what I had in the restaurant.  The madelines were kinda of dry, but the almond brittle was really good and the chocolate cake was very moist...tasted like there was fruit or something inside and the chocolate top had a nice snap to it.  Based on the quality of Raku I had extrememly high expectations and maybe that's where it all went wrong.  Presentation is great, but is the flavor or presentation better than say going to Jean Phillip...No!  These were really just typical french style desserts.  I was expecting something more creative from Raku using more inspired japanese or asian ingredients.
5	So good we ate the menu!I've always wanted to say that. Except in this case, we actually DID eat the menu! Cuz it's edible....there's even a dipping sauce for it!This is a very special place where dessert are treated like a complete meal. Fixed price. 3 courses. Complete with wine-pairing.Needless to say, the deserts are works of visual delight, and inventive flavoring....just look at the photos. The service is very gentle and attentive with every course clearly explained.And if that isn't enough, I'm told that foie-gras and other decadent goodies are coming to the menu soon! Can't wait for that.The strip mall where Sweets Raku is located is now the Asian culinary-center of the universe, with Raku, Monta Ramen, Japanese Curry Zen, Big Wong, Nakamura-Ya and Kabuto. You get the idea: eat at one of those places, then stroll over to Sweets Raku to finish off a memorable evening.
4	Sweets is a bit of a conundrum. The service is fantastically friendly. The decor is super nice. And the desserts are carefully and entertainingly prepared pieces of food art. I was happy throughout, but in the end I left feeling underwhelmed.If you go, you will likely enjoy yourselves and experience tasty delights. And you should go. If $20-ish for a three course dessert meal doesn't make your wallet/purse cry, then you should definitely go and have an enjoyable time.On the other hand. If you've experienced other high concept "dessert bars" like Chickalicious in New York (let's not kid anyone, Sweets is nearly a direct emulation of Chickalicious down to the amuse bouche and the white walls) then you might find yourself a bit underwhelmed at the end like me.But all in all, Sweets is a fantastic addition to our town's growing oeuvre of culinary experiences. But, I probably won't be going back. Confused yet?
5	I'll join the hype! 5 star for this unique dessert experience alone.We hit up Sweets Raku during their opening week - specifically on Friday evening.  It was about a 30 minute wait for our party of two.  We were already invested, and decided to hold out...especially if we were going to be seated at the counter.  (This is the place you want to be seated at, by the way.)The menu is prix fixe at $19 - you get an Amuse, a Choice of Dessert, and a Petit Four.  You can only share with another person by adding either another entree (Choice of Dessert) or an Amuse and a Petit Four.  We opted for another Choice of Dessert.  An additional $7 if you would like to do a dessert wine pairing.One of the things I love is the attention to detail and care.  Even before we were seated, the staff are certain to make sure everything is in place before they will allow you to sit down.  The hostess was bent down on the floor sweeping with a dustpan even!Besides the obvious water bottle display as soon as you walk through the door, it's actually a wine cellar if you can believe it!  They didn't expect to get their liquor license in time, so they filled it up with the different color labeled bottles of water in the meantime.  But ultimately, it's supposed to be displaying wine. The waitress hands us a menu wrapped up in a ring and you can immediately tell there's something different about the menu.  It's edible rice paper and a ring made from pulled sugar.  This isn't your average dessert joint.  They pour raspberry sauce for you to dip your paper in to enjoy, so don't start chomping on the paper just yet.  (We even got a new menu and ring to take home.)  Even the cutlery and water pitcher is something to take notice of.* Amuse: Mango Sorbet with Mint Jelly - Our first thought about mint jelly was rack of lamb and we were a bit concerned about that.  This was far from the case.  The mint was very subtle and the mango was full of flavor.  A nice way to start our little journey.* Choice of Dessert: Marriage "Strawberry & Banana" - Looking at the little masterpiece in front of you, it's as if have a miniature candy showpiece has appeared.  Delicious white chocolate, flecks of gold, fresh berries, banana cream, strawberry sorbet...it's just pretty and yummy to eat.* Choice of Dessert: Apollo "Chocolate & Raspberry Mousse" - Another showpiece before your eyes, this time with this wonderful Earl Grey ice cream that rests on top (Oh how I wish I could order a huge bowl of that!).  Little accents like the meringue and the chocolate rice cookie squares were among my faves of the dish.* Petit Four - Chocolate molten cake with marshmallows made from passion fruit and raspberry.  I enjoyed this dessert but this third part was not the favorite of the Husband's.  He really enjoyed the other courses more.One of the best parts about sitting at the counter is watching the actual pastry chef up front and center.  Yes, she's one of the young girls working so hard to make every dessert look absolutely beautiful.  She's straight from Japan, having only arrived in the States a couple of months ago and apparently she's been trained by some of the best.We asked how often they plan on rotating the menu and ultimately, they said they hope to do every week.  But for now, we'll see.  They also hope to have five entrees to choose from in the Choice of Dessert section.We also got a goodie bag with yummy desserts to take home during their opening week, so I got to enjoy Raku all week long at home.We're liking Sweets Raku and it'll be one of those places we recommend and take out-of-town guests.  This kind of experience isn't for everyone as it's quite drawn out and there's a reason they ask, "How was your experience?".  (Be sure to experience the restroom too!)  If you aren't into desserts, especially ones that take time and detail, this isn't your place.  They get busy in the later evenings but are slow when they first open in the afternoon.  So come early if you don't want to wait since this place only holds about 20+ diners at a time.
5	Should get 6 stars based upon the overall experience and tremendous attention to detail.  Another huge winner for the plaza.  This place could easily be in the best neighborhoods of London, Paris or Tokyo.
5	I have been waiting for sweets raku to be opened since a year ago. I visited this place with my husband on the second week after grand opening. We came here with full stomach and high expectation after dinner. I have to say it was worth the wait! We shared the pre-fixed menu ($19) and ordered momo (peach) and champagne rose tea ($6). (FYI, they charge $5 additional for sharing pre-fixed menu and $7 extra for dessert wine pairing !) We had seating at the desert bar and got to see how the magic happened. It was quite a show to see how pastry chef assembled all the pastries into art. Amuse - Mango sorbet with mint jelly and leafI never had mango with mint together before. I was surprised how well these two flavors went together, Sorbet had a thick texture, and I felt like I had real mango in my mouth. Mint jelly kinda refresh my palate in the end.Marriage - sponge cake with banana cream and strawberriesI liked this dish a lot! Sponge cake tasted really moist and soft. Banana cream has just right amount of sweetness. Apollo - Chocolate and framboise mousse cakeI loved the earl grey ice cream on top of the this chocolate mousse cake. It was definitely the highlight of this dish. Also, the strawberry rice stick was very airy and delish!Petits Fours - mini lava cakelava cake was super chocolatey and went very well with raisins and passion fruit marshmallows. Our waitress told me that we have the option to order a la carte and it would be $12 each dish. It would definitely be a good option for people just want to have little sweet ending after a full meal from other restaurants. She also told me that sweets raku is gonna change their menu next week. (new items like apple pie and chestnut cream cake... and maybe foie gras dishes) I got really excited after hearing that!! Everyone knows me knows how much I love foie gras hahaaa!! Next time, I will come back to try their cheese plate with dessert wine pairing (illiskillin ice wine) and maybe foie gras dishes!!!!
5	Great place!  Staff was very friendly and very helpful explaining the intricate desserts.   I have been there twice already, and they've only been open since August 6.  I was there a couple of days after they opened and they even gave me a dessert bag to take home!  I went a second time with friends from Boston and New York and they enjoyed it also.  The guys in Boston are jealous that there's no place in Boston like this.The place is pristine white.  If you go, try to get a seat at the bar so you can watch them assemble your desserts.  Yes, desserts.  Three courses that they tell me will change seasonally.  They are flavorful without being overly sweet.  I was speaking to the manager and she told me that getting a seat is easier in the daytime.  When it gets busy in the evening, expect about a 30 minute wait.  30 minutes is acceptable for such a unique dining experience.I'm expecting a few friends to visit Las Vegas in the next few months and I'm bringing all of them here during their stay.
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Bottles of water out front were never offered as an option.LIKE  The location (next to other local faves). The wine pairing. The water container. The service. The edible menu. The first (sorbet with mint jelly) and third course (petit four).LOVE  The clean design. The presentation. The dessert prix fixe. The Marriage. Mt. Fuji. The Ringo. The bathroom.
4	This place is great for foodies.very unique and cleaver. you start off by eating the menu.This place is only three weeks old and last night on a Wednesday it was pack. Everything is poetic, and very Japanese, which is very cool . I had the apple pie , very good, I was just wishing there was more apple in the pie. The chocolate mousse that my girlfriend  had was perfect. I give this place 4.5  out of 5 .
5	A few weeks after my first visit, I went to Sweets Raku again since they have new menu items.  I took my sister here so we can try Mt. Fuji, Veil and Ringo. As for the tea, we tried Tokio (sweet berries green tea) and Sakurambo (Japanese cherry black tea) with our dessert prix fixe. I have officially tried all their desserts, yay!Amuse:Mango sorbet with mint jelly.  The mango sorbet was a little bit tangy but very delicious with the mint jelly. I had the strawberry sorbet the first time. Both flavors are very good since they're two of my favorite fruits. 5/5Mt. Fuji:Spongecake, chestnuts with chestnut cream, chestnut tuile, chestnut and chocolate. I grew up liking chestnuts and chestnuts in dessert isn't common in Western cuisine so, this was a no-brainer.  5/5Ringo:Apple pie with honey ice cream, white chocolate dusted with cinnamon. There's a sugar candy shaped like an apple that has cream inside. An American classic got exciting again. Break the candy apple with your spoon for cream to put on your apple pie. The apple pie itself isn't sweet so eat it with honey ice cream. 5/5 Veil:Stuffed custard pie is what i says on the edible menu so it doesn't sound so interesting. I really was hesitant to order this because how exciting is custard pie? But I must say, I saved the best for last. What you get is flaky pastry with custard on top and in the middle...on top of berry cream swimming in compote all wrapped in a web made of sugar. The Apollo (chocolate and raspberry mousse) is a safe and obvious choice for chocoholics like me but I stepped out of my comfort zone and I'm glad I did. This is the best item they have on their menu. Confetti and glitter! 5/5Excellent service as usual and our server, Kazue remembered me from my first visit. I'm still in love with this place. It makes me feel like a kid again. Genius! I think I might be addicted to this place now. The best way to end my birth month. Remember to join their e-mailing list.  Sit at the bar (if it's available) so you can watch the action and talk to the chefs. It's $19 for the prix fixe menu (sorbet + your choice of dessert + petit four) or $12 for just dessert (Apollo, Marriage, Veil, Mt. Fuji or Ringo). If you get Apollo wit your prix fixe, you'll get cheesecake instead of the lava cake. For descriptions of the other dessert items, read my previous review.*Please do not copy and paste any parts of my review - write your own. Kthnxbye!
5	Omfg.This place was so much fun.Like Japan's version of willy wonka's delicious factory.The menu is edible and comes with a dipping sauce.Everything was beyond delicious and the whole place smelled like what I hope heaven smells like.I'm quite certain I will be going to heaven because I am awesome.Until that day comes, I will be going here. Often.
4	During the visit to Raku in Jun, I was so excited to know the owner of Raku would open Sweet Raku in August. So when i went to Vegas for Labor Day weekend, Sweet Raku was on my top list to visit.I got there around 5:30 pm, no customers except for 2 of us. The decoration is very nice with white carrara marble for the bar and the wine cellar. It's nice sitting on the bar and seeing the chefs making the desserts.They didn't have Ringo ( pie apple) so we ordered Marriage (Strawberry & Banana) and Apollo ( Chocolate & Raspberry mousse).  It was delicious. Apollo is definitely for chocolate lover, it has very strong chocolate taste. We both got wine to pair with the dessert. Mine was kinda sweet. I should have got the tea instead.
5	Cool experience...good food, excellent presentation, fast service!  The only complaint could be about the prices IMO, but if you come in knowing you are going to spend $20 plus tax, tip, drinks etc on dessert, it's not TOO bad.Teas are around $5, and most flavors are very exotic.  The Rosa Regale ($7) was pretty light handed...I've had this wine many times, just WISH there was more in my glass @ $7.First of all, Cool presentation with the menu...all edible!  The "paper" itself and the holder are all edible lol.Started off with the Strawberry Sorbet and Mint Jelly...simple and clean taste. Definitely a palate cleanser...good overall.The Apollo: Chocolate and Raspberry Mousse, Raspberries and Earl Grey Tea Ice Cream. Yummy flavors and cool presentation.   Really liked the mousse and ice cream combination.Marriage: Strawberry mousse and banana custard hiding inside the sponge cake, fresh berries, white chocolate garnish with gold leaf and sugar decorations. I thought this dish was the best out of the bunch, with the light fluffy sponge cake and custard combination.And to finish, the Petit Four: Chocolate Lava Cake with Flavored Marshmallows. This was good as well...you can smell these as soon as you walk inside! LOL.So overall, it is a little spendy for dessert, but if you sit back and look at the presentation and the love put into the food combinations and flavors, it's money well spent every few months or so.Pics!  :
5	All you need to know is that you can EAT THE MENU. No literally, it's made of rice paper. Boom.
5	Friend of ours hosted a late evening (well middle of night) dessert experience.   I'm not much of a sweets person but I have to say this place does it very well.  Each dish was like a work of art.  No one wanted to actually dig in and we often just sat there staring at it until our waitress have us a little encouragement to just eat it.   I enjoyed everything I ate as all the flavors were very subtle and unlike anything I've had before.   If you're ever in LV and want to venture out - I'd recommend stopping in
1	Dessert was good.  Plating was excellent.  The experience was novel.  This could have been easily a 4.5 star review, but the restaurant policy turned me off.One of my friends that dined with us was full from dinner and did not wish to have any desserts.  She ordered a glass of wine and declined to order anything else.  We were then told that the restaurant REQUIRES the patron to order a dessert.  She was then practically forced to order something (a cheese plate) in order for her to stay, even though she physically could not eat anything more.  It was not like she didn't order anything.  A glass of wine (equivalent of a 1.5 shot) for $10 a glass isn't cheap.The tea was too strong, over steeped or too much tea leaves.  I've never had Jasmine tea that literally overpowered my taste buds.In any case, I will not be returning there.  I will definitely not be recommending anyone to this restaurant.
5	Wow, just wow. I have never left a restaurant feeling so happy before. I will start off by saying this is out of this world! Everything is edible. Everything. The menu comes paired with a delicious raspberry sauce! Amazing. My boyfriend and I went with the three course dessert option and it was fantastic. The first course is a delicious mango sorbet with mint jelly. Incredible. The second course is entirely up to you. Mine was the Mt. Fuji and while it was a large serving size, I could not bring myself to put my fork down. It was so good. The cream that comes on top is something I wish I could keep in my pantry and eat all of the time. My boyfriend got the marriage and it was a twist on strawberry shortcake. The cake was moist and the berries were very fresh and juicy. Finally, the last course is a fresh baked chocolate cake with a liquid chocolate center. YUM! It comes with raspberry and passionfruit marshmallows and they were the more fantastic marshmallows I have ever had. I would go back just for those. All in all, this place is the most unique and wonderful restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of visiting. It will certainly become a place I frequently visit. Ps, the staff are so sweet and friendly. I felt so welcomed and it was a great atmosphere to enjoy some of the most delicious desserts I have ever had.
5	Well I am beyond impressed. The wow factor here belongs to the exec pastry Chef Mio from Japan, who creates the delicious works of art! Both Mr. B and I were in awe with the work she did on a wedding cake that she was working on when we walked in.  We knew right then we were in for a treat getting to sit at the counter and watch her make our desserts. This innovative restaurant focuses on dessert only that is served in courses thru their set Prix Fixe menu (1st amuse, 2nd Entree/main dessert, 3rd petit four)  or you can order the feature dessert items ala carte as well. Rant: We witnessed some guests that had an issue regarding the price ($19) + no sharing on Prix Fixe menu. Seriously you're going to squawk forking a couple dollars more? For what you get, that's an exceptional deal!  If you dine at some of the upscale restaurants you will pay the equivalent for just a single dessert. (Mr. B reminded me about the time I dragged him to MO for the tiny cupcakes and 1 pot of tea $50..lol) Too bad for the people that walked out because they couldn't get around the no share policy. Your date missed out on an awesome dining experience. (and you lost your baller status Mr. I Drive a  90k+ car) Back to raving:  Even though we were full from dinner and shaved snow as it was,  I managed to get the Prix Fixe with Apollo as my choice dessert and Mr. B just got the Veil ala carte. Dessert was superb!  Especially made us much more appreciative of it when we got to watch Chef Mio carefully prepare each of the components and details of the desserts with such precision. Watch the procedure when she makes the bird nest topper for the Veil. It's crazy!This place was a bit difficult to find. We came here initially to have shaved snow desserts over at Snowflake Shavery.  I knew this place was close by but couldn't see any sign glancing around Seoul Plaza. Finally we spotted the silver spoon to the right of the storefront. Thanks to Roger T for replying to my SOS quick for that visual cue.Ambience calm and clean, quite a contrast from the hectic parking lot. Our server was really sweet and friendly.  She also helped with being my translator when talking with Chef Mio. Loved our dessert dining experience here. Pretty unique. I would suggest this place for date night! We will  definitely will return as well.
5	I love the creativity of Sweets Raku. First and foremost, this restaurant has no labels, signs, or advertising; just a glass wall, revealing an illuminated white restaurant and silver spoon, that turns a curious eye and allures the adventurous.  If your sweet tooth can handle it, you must do the Prix Fixe.  You'll get a very satisfying three course dessert meal that'll keep you coming back for more.  We came here in search of a new place to satisfy our sweet tooths and boy did we succeed!With the Prix Fixe, we ordered Apollo, Mt. Fuji, Amuse (Raspberry Sorbet)...and I honestly can't remember the rest because I couldn't concentrate so I stopped taking pictures of the desserts.  Mmmmm mmm delicious!  Even though the Amuse was a small portion, it was more than enough to give me a good fill.  I can't tell you enough how amazing our experience was.Just about everything is edible, including your menu.  The best place to sit is at the bar, so you can watch them carefully sculpt and craft your dessert.  The service is great and all the servers are very "sweet."  The ambience is modern, calm, and very clean.  I highly recommend Sweets Raku for a date night.  You'll be talking about the desserts all night long.  They're absolutely divine!Enjoy!
4	I went there during the opening weekend. The place looks so cute! The desserts tasted delicious and well presented. The edible menu was a nice surprise. Pretty expensive, but what a cool concept. You should definitely try it once though. There's a minimum charge per person; if I remember correctly, it's $12 per person, drinks not included.
5	O M G to die for! You must try this place, period. Get the fixed menu, it's worth every penny. Mount Fuji was delicious (roasted chestnut. Warm apple pie with honey ice cream and a cream filled candy apple.
5	I'm not a big fan of desserts but this place blew me away. U definitely have to do the prefixed course menu and the caviar platter. A few bottles of Rose will make any chicken head's panties drop. That's word is bond!!
5	Wow! I wish there was a Sweets Raku in LA. From the edible menu to the petit four, the whole experience was very unique and tasty. My suggestion is to get there early as they do run out of items. We were able to try the Marriage but they were out of Mt. Fuji. =( Ringo comes with a candied apple made out of sugar and marshmallow! There is a $5 split charge.
5	I am a dessert snob. This place takes the cake (literally) on having all around appeal. I love that you can sit at the counter bar and watch everything being prepared. It was my first time here, so I decided to try the pre fix menu, and Sarah Marie did the same, with the intentions of each of us getting something different so we could try both. The standout for me had to be the Apollo (chocolate mousse) and the Mt. Fuji (hazelnut). It was so fun to watch both of these being prepared, and even more fun to eat. I like the different flavor combos too such as parmesan cheesecake. This is such a unique place, I would love to bring out of town guests here. Who doesn't love coffee, wine, cheese and fancy desserts?
5	Nice place to hang out. Great dessert. Pastry Chef is from Japan and she made great dessert. Very friendly staffs. Open late. Had wine collection.  Very clean.  Would come back again.  $19 for 3 courses dessert. Same plaza as Raku restaurant
5	I took my out-of-town friend here one night since she said she wanted to experience Vegas outside of the strip. What better spot then to take her to a dessert bar where you can supposedly eat the menu?! I've never been to a dessert place where there is actually a set menu with 3 different courses of dessert... faaa-annn-ccyyy! - Decor & Structure -  Everything is covered completely in white - white tables, white counter top, white work space. Okay, I guess it''s just safe to say I pretty much stepped into heaven. There's about 2 4-top tables and 1 2-top table that are available to sit at (it may be just 2 total) and the rest of the sitting is at the bar that runs around the working area where you can watch them do their magic. We got there at 8-8:30PM ish on a Friday. I guess we came just in time because as soon as we were leaving there was a line looping around to the door. This may sound weird, but if you get a chance.. check out the bathroom!! I'm not going to tell you why, just do it.- Service - Service was exceptional, as I would expect nothing less. When you first sit down, they give you a hot towel, of course like traditional Japanese custom. They will come back repeatedly to your table always checking to see if your glass is full and is very accommodating to anything you may need. - Menu - They offer 3 different kinds of specialty water that is shipped straight from the mountainous waters of Japan. No joke. One that is filled with ions to aid this, minerals to aid that, and one that is just the purest form. It comes in a large bottle that they take straight from the 'refrigerator window display'. It's about $4 a bottle which really isn't that bad when you compare it to the small tiny bottles of Dasani you buy in casinos on the strip, or even Starbucks. We started with all 3 bottles and to me it tasted all the same, except the purest, but hey if you're a water connoisseur you might really enjoy their selection.Now for the important part, the desserts. To start, as you probably already know, they place a menu in front of you and because I read from other reviews that it's edible, I already began tearing pieces off and putting them in my mouth. Well, it tastes exactly like what you think a menu would taste... like paper. It was coiled and wrapped with a thin candy cane like ring. That was delicious! It's pretty much hardened burnt sugar, so it reminded me a lot of creme brulee. Well the server came back and saw that we had already began chomping away and gave us what we're actually supposed to dip it in had we waited. It was a raspberry syrup that honestly didn't make it taste that much better, but definitely very interesting!They offer a set menu for $20 or you can order a la carte. Each dessert a la carte is ~$12. The set menu didn't really sound too appealing to me since I figure the first and last course would probably be more of a tasting experience. I was just interested in the main course which is the option you can order a la carte. I wish I could go into detail with each dessert we ordered (total of 3) but they were so fancy and I feel like the menu changes often so you really have to experience it yourself. One thing I can say is that if there's a strawberry shortcake on the menu, you can go ahead and skip that. It's nothing too spectacular. If they still offer it, go for the angel cheescake (?) - as cheesy as it sounds, it tasted like it was made in heaven. Hehe see what I did there? Anyway, this is something I never really experienced before and would definitely be a place I'd recommend for anyone looking for a date night, or just a sugar addict!
4	I was excited when this place opened and was pleased from the minute I walked in. It's  small, but modern and it's fun to sit at the counter and watch the desserts being plated and sugar being blown. If you are looking for over the top sweet decadent desserts, this is not your place. The desserts here are Japanese style and are delicate, light and not overly sweet. I had the Mt. Fuji which is really the Mont Blanc which you find all over Japan. I think I could've eaten 5 of those.
5	Great experience-Great Desserts with an option of wine....even a cheese plate and foie gras tourchon...the staff at RAKU could learn a thing or two about geniune, friendly service from those who work at Sweets Raku and stop trying to hustle the round eyes with their ME LOVE YOU LONG TIME wait staff...think I am kidding....when you hit the door at RAKU watch the wait staff genuflex in their supercilious manner
5	Best dessert place to go after dinner. My wife and I went two times on our last visit to Vegas in October. What can say, had wonderful time talking to chef and her staff. We will back in January for another visit.
5	What an experience! As a huge dessert-a-holic, Sweets Raku is heaven with a twist. Hella fancy. I enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the chefs create their magic in front of us. I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!
4	"My boyfriend ate my menu."Fortunately, the menus at Sweets Raku are actually edible. That's right, you can EAT your menu. Although it's not that tasty, it still makes for a nice photo op!Onto other things...My boyfriend and I shared the prixe fixe menu. We ordered Mt. Fuji for the main dessert. The first course was some sort of green tea custard, which had a nice light flavor. It was a very small portion, but just right. Second course was the main dessert, Mt. Fuji (chestnut cream cake). It was awesome to watch them make this one. The texture was so soft, hence the "cream cake" description. It almost tasted like a tiramisu, but better. It came with a few chips stabbed into it, which was nice for dipping into the outer layer and eating. The third course was a mini lava cake dessert with homemade marshmallows and alcohol infused raisins on the side. It was soo rich and soo good. The perfect ending. Pros: -the place is spotless-service is great. They are very attentive and even open the door for you on your way out -dinner and a show: you get to watch your dessert being made right before your eyes! Of course, most of it is already premade, but you get to see it being put together in a very artistic fashion. -the bathroom is incredible!! It's something you have to see for yourself-you can share the prixe fixe menu at an extra cost, which I highly suggest (I don't think I could've finished everything on my own)-I don't know what kind of milk they use, but its sweet and delicious! Cons:-the bathroom door doesn't close all the way unless you give it an extra pull. Someone actually walked in on me. Luckily I was already done with my business!-the waitress took my coat, but forgot to give it to me on my way out. I almost forgot about it completelyAll in all, I think this is a great place for dessert, especially if you're trying to go somewhere different with a great ambiance.
5	Items selected:Sakurambo - Black Tea with Japanese CherriesEdible Menu with Raspberry SauceStrawberry Sorbet with Mint GelatinFoie Gras Pate with Croissant Sticks, candied nuts, honey comb, 15 year balsamic, goat cheese mousse, raspberry, mangoRingo - Apple ladder with Honey Ice Cream and candy apple filled with apple mousseMolten Chocolate Cake - Passion fruit and Raspberry Marshmallows, RaisinsA firm believer in Ernestine Ulmer's quote that "Life is uncertain, Eat dessert first" and more than aware that Vegas darling Aburiya Raku had recently opened the 3pm-12am desserts only location in the shopping center Mecca on West Spring Mountain it was with a bit of surprise that I arrived at Sweets Raku at 5pm to find myself the only restaurant's only patron - a feeling that lingered as I sat down at the small counter and one that bloomed into amazement as the evening progressed.  Small and intimate despite the brilliant white backdrop and with excellent service that is formal yet friendly the basic format of Sweets Raku is that of a three course dessert tasting with a few supplemental savories and after ordering the Sakurambo suggested by my server the evening proceeded with the clever candy menu paired with rich raspberry sauce before proceeding to palate cleanser of light strawberry sorbet amidst refreshing mint gelatin and then a supplementary course of creamy duck liver brilliantly paired with items sweet, savory, and acidic plus buttery laminated pastry made to order in the open kitchen.   Progressing next to the main course, one of five selections on a frequently changing menu, I can only say that if a picture is worth a thousand words then the combination of presentation and flavor displayed by "Ringo" was exponentially greater, the candy apples hand-blown before me and piped with apple mousse resting besides a perfect apple ladder and creamy honey ice cream made in house.  A beautiful night already in motion long before heading to dinner with friends it will not be long before I return to Sweets Raku and next time it will likely be without plans for afterward so that I can further explore the menu, or at least linger with coffee to accompany the sizable molten chocolate 'mignardise.'
5	In Las Vegas you're always dining on a strip. If you're not dining on The Strip, you'll most likely be dining in nondescript strip malls in neighborhoods that you don't want to be caught walking at night. Still they are worth the drive/cab fare because the local foodie scene can be just as a fun experience as any Strip eating experience, as well as being a bit more reasonably priced. You just have to know exactly what you're looking for.I wanted to take the No1DP out for a meal to celebrate his belated birthday and my appreciation for him being such a wonderful boyfriend by letting me tag along with him this trip. ---CAB FARE: ~$14 to the Palazzo base fare.VENUE: Located in a strip mall off Spring Mountain, the restaurant is very small with about half the guests being in tables and the other half sitting at the bar. If you are a foodie, SIT AT THE BAR. You'll see two dedicated and passionate pastry chefs make your desserts with such care and attention to your dish. Walls are almost bare so as not to distract you from the desserts - part of the experience is to watch them make your dessert.As it's a small space, call ahead for approximate wait times. They do not take reservations.SERVICE: No1DP may be used to Japanese waitstaff but I thought the waitress serving us was very cheerful and polite. Her accent was so thick that I couldn't get the descriptions of the desserts so I had to ask the pastry chefs to explain again as I scrawled it on a napkin. PRIX FIXE ($19, $7 with wine)No1DP noticed that the menu was made with a type of paper that you could actually eat and tore off a piece. This was confirmed by the waitress; after placing our orders she brought a plate with a raspberry sauce for us to dip our menus. The menu tastes like edible paper that is best dipped with the raspberries. The ring that holds the menu is also edible, we saw more rings being made in the counter.The 3-couse prix fixe consists of the followingAmuseBoth of us started with kabocha pudding (green tea sauce, chocolate and kabocha chip). Texture is similar to black sesame pudding I've had at another Japanese restaurant. There is a mild but evident sweetness in the dish that is offset by the pumpkin. This was also the only dish we didn't see made.MainsNo1DP had Apollo (chocolate and raspberry mouse mousse, chocolate cake, earl grey ice cream). Japanese desserts are not known for their richness though you could still taste the chocolate and raspberry. No1DP liked his dish and wine pairing enough that he was willing to risk getting a migraine to enjoy his dessert wine. As a fan of earl grey tea, he also enjoyed his ice cream.I had Mt. Fuji (chestnut cake, chestnut paste, custard creme, Hennessy syrup). I got to see my dessert being made from start to finish. Apparently they use some contraption to make the chesnut cream take shape, followed by refrigerating the dish to let the cream hold. Chesnuts were slightly crunchy and chesnut cream and cake were light and fluffy. My wine was a slightly tart white wine to add but not overload the chestnuts.Petit FourAs the No1DP's dish contained chocolate, his petit four was a small piece of cheesecake that contained REAL cheese on the top. No1DP notes that the portion was light, delicate and small enough for him, otherwise he would have had a dessert overload.My petit four was the traditional small lava cake with raisins and raspberry and passion fruit decorated on the side. I saw how committed to perfection the chefs are as they erased any imperfections with a napkin and redid the decoration. Raisins and marshmallows were light. Lava cake was small enough as a finishing dish yet contained all the components of a good lava cake - fluffy yet firm cake with hot molten chocolate in the center.As we left the waiters noticed that we were from out of town and thanked us wholeheartedly for stopping by. Considering that I rarely go off-strip to eat anything seeing warm genuine service with a smile was much appreciated. Final word: Go here if you want a new meaning/experience to eating desserts, which in most instances are often rush and shoe-horned at the end of meals. Don't go here if you just want to grab a quick sweet or if you like your desserts rich.
5	Science lab meets fine dining! You start off with reading and selecting what you want and drink. Then EAT the menu. The whole place is set up as if you are about to embark a culinary experiment. I rarely use the word "innovative" when describing a dining experience - Sweets Raku deserves that description. The desserts are delicious to both eyes and tongue. The layers and attention to detail is wonderfully executed. Right down to the utensils. The whole experience of Sweets Raku embodies everything Japanese but does not overwhelm the visitor. And just as a quirk, the bathroom has a bidet. The proprietors of Sweets Raku are bold and inviting. I can't wait to visit and experience it all over again.
2	Came here with my ladies (and gentlemen) and I think 5 of us opted for the pre fixe menu while Kristina ordered a la carte. I asked for the apple pie to go with the sorbet and molten lava cake. While everything was good, I find the items to be rather typical dessert items that one can get in a bakery anywhere. The three-spoonful sorbet was good but really, it's just sorbet. Nice and unique take on the apple pie, that I have to give it to Sweets Raku. Finally, the molten chocolate cupcake, really? I can make that at home using my microwave in less than 5 minutes. How disappointing. Just a note on the utensils: I know the knife and fork look very eclectic but they definitely were not easy to use. I could barely cut my apple pie with the knife and the fork was so awkward to handle I think it gave me finger cramps. As for the service, the waitress serving us had such a strong accent I could barely make out what she said. She was really sweet and nice but if I couldn't understand what the heck she was saying.  At $27 including tips, this was a "meh" experience. One time was enough. I'm not planning on coming back.
2	Sweet Raku should be Secret Raku-oh the difficulty finding this place! We were running around like it was a black ops mission. One person went to one corner the other was looking around the block, another was in the middle of the parking lot trying to get a GPS signal for location. We finally found the place which is next to Big Wong. *Phew wiping sweat off forehead*1 point...The presentation of the food was fancy but the taste was not a wow factor. I had the apple pie with no ice cream, so they substituted white chocolate square instead. 1 point...Friendly staff and very accommodating. Our group of 6 wanted to sit at the counter and they made it happen.First and last time coming here. It's to expensive and the service is slow and I'm lactose intolerant. Most of the dishes have heavy cream.
4	totally worth the hype.this haven away from the strip provides delectable treats in a modern, artistic setting. you'd be hard-pressed to even remember you are just doors down from Ozzie's Poker Bar.slick white tables and walls hidden behind stacks of some of the best top-of-the-line champagne. the storefront is logo-less so just look hard to find it right next to the italian japanese restaurant.$19 dessert prix fixe - worth it. don't be like me and bypass it because you think "it's just dessert". at Sweets Raku - it's not JUST dessert.$12 individual entrees if this tickles your fancy. not the traditional sickly sweet desserts either. everything is well rounded in flavor and acidity and so shockingly beautiful, you won't even want to eat it. don't worry though, you'll get over that sensation quickly.the Marriage is the fluffiest of sponge cakes with a banana custard, whipped cream, and strawberry sorbet (?? - didn't taste like sorbet, but sure looks like it). look for the banana.. it's there, and it makes tons better.the Mt. Fuji is a masterful concoction of chestnut. chestnut. chestnut. and more chestnut on top. but so subtle and light, it doesn't even feel like you're digging into a beautiful mountain of cream.yes, the menu is edible. don't be like me and eat it alone though. wait for your raspberry sauce. so yumm. I ate it all. no shame.Sweets Raku was the main reason why I got the Vegas itch again, and it was beyond worth it. so happy I made the trek out to this dessert oasis & I absolutely cannot wait to return.
5	this place is the bomb!! I love desserts, especially the kind that just have that right hint of sweetness! Not sickeningly sweet, but just perfect. So you can guess that I LOVED this place because this is exactly what it was!! it is the dessert extension of Raku, so we had very high expectations!!If you can't find this place...I'll give you a hint...look for the red nearby in the same area as Raku. AMBIANCE: 5 - the place is neat and tidy. Everything is clean and completely white! anything placed on the white surface becomes the focus, and it's a striking, powerful, and beautiful dish every single time.the utensils are retro. everything that I saw was modern and really chic. There is limited seating: a bar area and three tables. being seated at the bar is better, you can see them prepare dishes!!SERVICE: 5 - They were extremely polite and answered every question that we had. They also explained every single thing that was on the plate in detail. they were extremely responsive and catered to everything that was asked.btw, they can talk quiet and be hard to understand!FOOD: 5 - This must come in parts.1. there is a long, nice list of expensive alcoholic wines and beverages.2. the menu is edible. try to eat it and they will offer a raspberry sauce, which made it better. It was a nice, tasty starter..but not really my thing!3. their dessert menu changes every month.4. they offer a full 3-courses of desserts called a Prix Fixe. ($19) Separately desserts are $12 and there was also side dishes! I chose Prix Fixe. It was delicious. it wasn't too sweet. First came Mango sorbet with mint jelly. A nice, light starter. Main Course, I chose Mt. Fuji, a light chestnut cake. It was just heavenly. Last, a molten lava cake with marshmallow and another raspberry mousse on the side. Angel Creme is also very good!! it was like a light sweet dessert-dinner, and I loved it. Everything was amazing!!you have to remember that you're paying for the Raku name and the presentation and the desserts. I thought it was beautiful and worth the money. A truly unique experience!
5	Dessert Art at its best!...Think Mondrian not Pollock here though.Yet another dessert review from the guy that loves savory items...I first came here when my sister had a molten lava cake urge that needed to be satisfied and I refused to go to Chili's.  We were fortunate enough to run into Cathy C. (maybe you recognize her form her S.R. ROTD fame--the duchess herself).  Cathy offered some suggestions and we were on our way to a blissful experience.Sweets Raku is as much about the experience as it is the dessert.  The food is presented masterfully with an eye for composition.  Most of the seating is at the bar--allowing not only for a pure, open feel, but also for a wonderful look into the art of plate presentation...a Vegas show worth checking out!   The ambiance is angelic.  I was waiting to hear Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones' voice welcome me through the back door of heaven...instead the door at the back leads to one of the cooler bathrooms in Vegas...and yes, this is still part of the experience, so be sure to check out the bathroom while you're here.The desserts are well above average, but play on the clean/delicate side as opposed to the ooey gooey/decadent side of tasty treats.  While quite nice, the short of it is that I would not give out 5 stars on the desserts alone.  When paired with the preceding paragraph, I am all-in!Sweets Raku also has one of the better selections of dessert wines...dessert wines are not my cup of tea...err...glass of vino, but I did enjoy the dessert wine pairings...they're worth a shot to those moderately open to the idea.  They also have a few nice Reds and Whites...so you're safe if you despise dessert wines...in fact they offer a couple pinot noirs that are mellow enough to pair with many of the the deserts.   Speaking of pinoits, they offer a few savory items including a cheese plate that is asking to be paired with a glass of pinot or balanced red wine.Stay away if you are afraid for paying a little more $$$ for a little less in dessert quantity, but put Sweets Raku at the top of dessert list if you are looking for great experience and a break from the norm.
5	WHO: For the love of Magnificent, Decadent, Magical (I can go on and on) Desserts!!WHERE: On Spring Mountain and Decatur, in the same plaza as Raku and Monta Ramen.WHEN: They are open on Monday through Saturday from 3pm-midnight.WHAT: What to do when your friend and yourself are craving something sweet at 10pm? YOU TAKE THAT CRAVING IN YOUR CAR, AND HEAD TO SWEETS RAKU!My friend and I GPS'ed Sweets Raku with excitement on a cold night. As we parked, we were looking for restaurant sign, but couldn't seem to find it. We ended up walking to their sister restaurant, Raku, and the lovely lady came outside of the restaurant to point to where we should have been. Fyi, if you are first timers, look for the red carpet and or huge spoon right beside the DOOR TO HEAVEN!When we walked down the red carpet, and through the doors, it definitely felt like HEAVEN ON EARTH. We were greeted and sat at a table, our server came up to us asking if the seats we had were okay because they actually recommend you sitting up at the bar as first-timers. So we ended up moving over to the bar so that we could observe the dessert chefs making our desserts.The menus were brought to us... COOLEST THING EVER... The menus are edible! (For all of you Asians who remember the White Rabbit candies where they had a second edible wrapper, it is similar to that!) The server saw me chewing on my menu, and offered raspberry syrup do dip it in. ;) EVEN BETTER!Prior to devouring the menu, I made the choice in ordering the Prix Fixed desserts, where there are 3 desserts for $19.The first is a Mango Sorbet with Green Tea jelly, the second you may choose from the desserts in the A la cart- there are normally about 4-5 desserts you are able to choose from, and then lastly, the Petits Fours, which is a Molten Chocolate cake with marshmallows and raisins drenched in goodness.For the dessert of my choice, I had their Angel Cream. It was absolutely amazing, and shaped into a Yummy angel. NOTE: I LOVE HOW ALL OF THEIR DESSERTS ARE NOT CRAZILY SWEET. They are all filled with LOVE, and not too much sugar! (Diet friendly). My friend also chose the Prix fixed dessert, and chose the Chestnut cake. It was also a light dessert, amazingly PERFECT!OTHER THINGS I LOVE: The ambiance is just so soothing. The decor is a very modern chic, with white on white furniture! Simple, yet Beautiful! I love the utensils and their setup! I love the wonderful and cheerful chefs and servers. I just love this place and will be back every single month! I want to go back just writing about it! Sigh... Lol.To conclude: No matter what mood you are in, dessert is always the way to go, but always remember... STRESSED is DESSERTS spelled backwards ;)
2	After dinner desserts with friends on a Saturday night. We wanted to try this place because of all the great reviews that people have been posting. It was a bit confusing finding the place, since there is another restaurant in the same lot with the name, "Raku". There was a line to get in when we arrived, so we ended up waiting about 15 minutes or so. Ask to be seated at the counter, so you watch them prepare the food.Edible menus - ok, cute. After looking over the menu, decided on "pre fixe", since one of my dining mates recommended it.Pros:- Great presentation of the desserts; so 'artsy'!- Clean, almost sterile appearance- Clean restroom with a toilet that has a proximity sensor (opens automatically)- Friendly, smiling staffCons:- the price: $40+ , (gratuity is automatically tacked on), for dessert for 2 people (no drinks) - WHAT??? Ok, I see gold flake in some of the desserts that were served to us. Does that make it worth it? Well, It looked nice, but I was still hungry when I left. I don't remember anything particularly special about it. Plus my wallet was a little lighter.- Ok, restroom was clean, but it took me a few seconds to figure out which object was the sink. It looked like a barrel of some sort.- I could barely understand what the server was saying (see below). Perhaps they should use pictures?- It kind of feels like you're in Japan... in a bad way, which means, it is small and cramped, and feels over-crowded.- Get a sign, for Christ's sake! I know the giant spoon in the front is a visual cue, but how many people know to look for that, and how visible is that from the street? It's like going to a rave in an undisclosed location. You won't know that you're there unless you ask one of the other people waiting in line to get in.- If you are lactose intolerant, cross this place off your list. It seems like everything made here is made from milk.Summary (IMHO):Bang for the buck?? Nope. Not here. Not to me at least. Hey, that's great that they can get away with charging almost $20, for something that I can probably figure out how to make at home for less than $10 and still have second or third servings. I don't think i'll be coming back here - unless somebody else insists on footing the bill.
5	Still ranking a dessert tasting at Joel Robuchon amongst her favorite meals of all time a visit to Sweets Raku was a foregone conclusion during my mother's visit to Las Vegas and again taking the dessert before dinner approach but this time electing a table as opposed to the counter results would prove no less stellar, a three course tasting of almost entirely new selections as Christmas music played overhead to compliment the fir at the entry and festive, edible menu.  All clean lines, brilliant whites, and lovely service with Jasmine tea for mother and an Illy Americano for myself the meal again began with sorbet and mint gelee, this time mango, and with palates prepped the plates that followed were again equal parts beauty and flavor, both the Mt. Fuji and Angel Cream presented ornately and impossibly light with variant textures throughout, the roasted chestnuts the highlight of the former while a buttery biscuit juxtaposing soft pears anchored the white chocolate winged cream.  Clearly a space never lacking for creativity it really should have come as no surprise that 'mignardises' would prove equally impressive as the rest of the evening but with a duo of options again presented with great attention to detail I will simply say that while the chocolate fondant cake sampled on my first visit was again excellent I would strongly suggest making a request for the parmesan cheesecake, a savory riff on the classic rivaling the works of Shawn Gawle's Tarte at Saison and Gabriel Kreuther's Cheese Souffle at The Modern for my favorite things done with cheese in 2013.
4	For my last review of 2013 what better than to review a desserts only restaurant?  I arrived at Sweets Raku at about 7 last night and I was the only customer for about 10 minutes.  I chose the prix fixe 3 course dessert menu along with a pot of peach tea.  I sat at the bar because I wanted to see the pastry chefs doing their thing up close.For the three course prix fixe, you only have 1 choice--the second dessert.  The first, the amuse, and the last, the petit four, are fixed depending on the day and season.  For the first course last night, the amuse was an oval of mango sorbet with blue ice as Yuka, my server, described it to me.  It was mint jelly on the mango sorbet and it made a good pairing of flavors.Course two I chose.  I had read the Yelp reviews and I was sure I'd go with the Mt. Fuji.  Yuka told me the Ringo (apple pie) was made that day and was excellent.  I finally decided on the Baton which was a tall thin chocolate mini-tower with chocolate and pistachio mousse and some fresh mango cubes.  It was excellent.  It was a little tricky to eat because I tried to peel a piece of the very thin chocolate tower to dip in the mousse but the tower is so fragile, it sometimes breaks away.  Regardless, it was tasty and lots of fun.Course three, the petit four, was a delicious parmesan cheesecake with tangerine pieces.  The cheesecake was excellent.None of the desserts was sweet which was very appealing.  It's not that I don't like sweet--it's just that it isn't needed in every dessert.  Service was excellent!  Yuka was a gem. We did have a bit of a language problem but then I don't speak Japanese and she speaks English.  Do yourself and sit at the bar and watch the ladies work magic with preparing these delightful pastries!  For those of you still trying to find the place when you arrive at the plaza, it's just south of Big Wong Restaurant.  Look for the wine rack through the glass windows.  At night, you won't see the spoon hanging outside.
5	Japanese desserts and pastries are very special in Japan. During holidays, special events and occasions small intricate desserts are presented as gifts. I haven't seen or felt anything in the US that reminds me of that feeling- until Sweets Raku!!!The service and ambiance is so warm and inviting. The white counters, tables and china are expertly designed to compliment the colors and flavors of the desserts. Even the menus and items on it are carefully thought out to have that wow factor. I think the $19 Prix Fix is perfect! A cheap cup of factory made gelato is $10 on the strip and Sweet Raku desserts are made delicately by hand to order!My first visit order consisted of:*Strawberry sorbet with mint jelly- lightly sweet with a great texture contrast with the jelly.*Ringo (Apple in Japanese)- a strudel like apple dessert with lattice top. Served next to a ruby red sugared apple filled with caramel and cream and perfectly sweetened honey ice cream! Superb!*Chocolate lava cake with rum raisins and berry/passion fruit marshmallows!I ordered the cherry tea which came in the most perfect tea cup with cute tea pot. This helped compliment and add contrast to the meal although water would probably do just as well. I love their tea cups!This was an amazing experience! I was here for about an hour. Perfect wow moment to bring friends or a date. I also like eating at the counter so I can watch the process and the small detail the chefs add to make each plate edible art. It is a small space and does get busy here and sometimes there is a wait. I love that this is a hidden gem and has no signage. Makes it feel more special and intimate.
5	FINALLY I got to try Sweets Raku. I loved loved loved Raku so I had no doubt in my mind that I would love Sweets Raku too. We had to wait about 15 minutes on a Saturday night for our group of 6 which was split up, but later on we were all together again after a couple had left. My husband and I both got the prix fixe menu and it didn't disappoint! We got to sit at the bar and see all the action which was pretty neat. I decided on the Mt. Fuji, because I saw the "noodles" and I knew that is what I wanted. Turns out it was not noodles but awesome deliciousness. My husband ordered the Apollo and I just remember it being very chocolately. I did order a peach tea....but I should know that I am not a big fan of black tea. I loved the smell, but I needed honey or something which isn't the correct way to drink the tea anyways. Service was awesome. I could probably sit there all day and watch these ladies work their magic. It was a bit hot in there, but with the steamer and oven constantly working that is expected. My friend in our group just ordered the apple pie. I think that is what I will order next time I come back! I loved everything and the details of it is exactly what Raku is all about. P.S. Parking sucks here. =)
5	Sweets Raku is a destination dessert place. Want a quick dessert or not a fan of dessert, this isn't the place for you. But to those that love creative and fun sweet treats this place is a delight.It's a small space so you may have to wait especially if you are larger group. We walk right in and were seated at a 9:30 on a Thursday, there were folks waiting most of the time we were there. It's all white space including the kitchen and bar. Seat at the bar if you can and watch them make the desserts.There are only 5 dessert choices and the best way to have them is in the prix fixe. Each one has a theme and they are marvelous. The angle cake is a round mound with a edible halo and wings. The designs are simple but playful. the prix fixe consisted of- the edible menu dipped in raspberry sauce, an amuse of sorbet & gelee, a choice of dessert and a tiny chocolate molton cake with tiny marshmellows and rum raisins. The apple pie was shaped like an apple, another dessert looked like a meatball covered in spaghetti. We also got the caviar service which was good but not top notch. They use farmed caviar and didn't mention it until we were served. It has a weaker flavour than real caviar. But it was delight to layer the egg, onion and caviar on the tiny bread puffs.They make excellent cappuccinos. They also have wine pairing for the desserts.The space is wheelchair accessible, very good lighting. The servers was very sweet if rather soft spoken.Truly a magical place worth the trip off the strip.
5	OH. MY. GOD.This is the happiest place on earth. Forget that Disneyland nonsense (even though I do love it there).This place is now joke. It's so clean, well-lit, happy, friendly and fun.From the moment you walk in, you are greeted with a smile and a prix-fixe menu. The menu is edible, so once you make your selections, go ahead and eat it. Maybe instagram it too.I highly suggest you sit at the dessert bar. This way you can watch the dessert magicians hand craft your desserts.It's a three-course menu. I believe they change week by week. I won't go into more details because there are plenty of photos on Yelp that will do it justice.
2	I know EVERYONE and their Momma's are raving about what a WONDERFUL place this is.  If you want a great waste of hard earned money, sure! Honestly, any dessert place on the strip will knock this place out of the map when it came to taste.  The funniest thing is that almost every review of this place only talks about how the desserts look and how they are prepared, barely any of the review tells you how the food actually TASTES.  And if you're going to put ANY sort of food in your mouth, TASTE is pretty damn important. (DUH!)The GOOD:The ambiance and the posh-ness of the whole place (very IKEA-ish). I think the BATHROOM takes the cake for me (pun intended).  It was the most exciting part of the whole thing. AND the preparation/presentation of the food was pretty cool.  THE BAD:All smokes and mirrors in this place.  When it came to taste, it wasn't even up to par with basic desserts you can make yourself.  HONESTLY, the only thing this place has going for it, is that THEY MAKE THE FOOD LOOK GOOD. So, if you want to impress your friends on Instragram or Pintrest or your social medias, by all means, $25 + tip is not too much, I guess.  But if you want to satisfy your cravings for sweets and dessert, THIS PLACE IS NOT IT.  ETC:The flavor, texture and the complex of their menu items is very bland and I felt like I was eating a bunch of flavored fondant, except they left out the sweetness and delectable aspects of a dessert. There's no comfort in it.  No warmth in the dessert.  It was just plain and simple, OKAY.
5	This hidden little gem has no signage,but I believe is the second store in from the street and next to a sushi restaurant. You can see a huge wine display in front with a very white clean interior. I took two friends here on a friend's suggestion where "you can even eat the menu." That alone sold me. What intrigue! And the idea of a prix fixe (~$19) dessert menu for a dessert lover like me is a match made in heaven. I highly suggest going with a couple people so you  can try their desserts, too. ;] Menu- a scroll of rice paper with a pulled sugar ring, with a raspberry sauce dip.  First course was a strawberry sorbet with mint gelee. Second course you get to pick 1 of 5 choices. Though the waitress described all the desserts quickly and thoroughly, I could only catch a few words here and there. But she had such enthusiasm, that I didn't want to make her repeat herself. -angel cream: light, airy, not too sweet, lots of cream, mango pieces buried beneath, wings of white chocolate, and a halo of pulled sugar. -apple pie: a little too sweet for me, fun to eat, lots of components... -mt fuji: looked like spaghetti with mocha flavored crisps, had a mature taste, would go great with hot tea. Third course was a petite four: chocolate molten lava cake with dried fruit and fruit flavored soft squares. I don't know how else to describe them.. but it was good and I finished the whole thing.. I loved sitting at the counter and seeing them make everything right before my eyes. It was cool seeing them prepare for the next day as well. The service was great, almost ninja like as I never noticed when they refilled my water. The bathroom was pretty neat, too. Check this place out! You won't be disappointed.
4	So I took 2 friends here and after we ordered I started to piece off some of the menu to eat when my friends started laughing asking what the hell i was doing.  I told them the menu was edible and they looked at me like i was crazy.  The texture didn't really seem like it was edible and a couple seated next to us started laughing.I thought....damm those Yelpers steered me wrong or maybe i read it wrong but a few minutes the raspberry sauce came out and the couple next to us laughed and said.........now....... u can eat your menu.   I wanted to jump up in victory teasing my friends that i was right.  Yelp would never steer me wrong!The desserts here were excellent.  All the desserts are delicate and not overly sweet typical of Jap desserts.  For $20 it s a great value with the preparation and overall experience. Honestly i would prefer 3-4 desserts from suzuya but u cant go wrong here.  Definite must try for tourists or looking for a fun date spot.
5	PRIX FIXE for the experience! Great service! Nice, attentive staff! And delicious desserts! MUST GO!
4	Sweets Raku is a dessert bar in the same shopping center as it's sibling, Raku. I didn't see a sign for the shop so it's a bit hard to find. Sweets only serves desserts and the occasional cheese fare along with a nice selection of teas and alcoholic beverages. I don't believe they take reservations and it's a small space (around 20 seats) so a long wait time can be expected. To get a better experience, try to get a seat at the bar so you can watch your desserts being made. Each dessert is a lovely piece of art. From my experience, the flavors were not out-of-this-world good, but good nonetheless.Overall, Sweets Raku is a unique dining experience that won't break the bank (unless you order and drink a lot of alcohol). How unique? Even their menu is edible.
3	I was torn on how many stars I should be giving to Sweets Raku. In the end, I decided on a 3 star rating.A total of 4 of us decided to go to Sweets Raku for dessert. I've been dying to try this place and because there were a lot of us that went, we got to try a good portion of their menu! Sweets Raku does a prix fixe menu for $19 and it has a total of 3 courses. The first course and the third course is the same for everyone (kind of) while the second course, you get to choose one from a list of five choices. So let's get started!Menu: Yes, yes, the menu is edible. When they first bring you the menu, it's rolled up and secured with a ring. The paper is edible and so is the ring. Was it good? The ring was. The menu, itself, was like a sheet of styrofoam almost. There was no taste to it and the texture was not pleasant for me. Of course, later on, they give you some raspberry syrup to dip it in and even then, I still did not like it. The ring, on the other hand, was fine. It's just sugar after all. First course. Amuse. It was a mango sorbet with mint jelly and decorated with a piece of mint. I liked the mango sorbet because it had a strong taste of mango. It tasted like real mango ... with a tinge of tangyness to it. It was refreshing to the senses. For the second course, we ordered 4 different types of dessert and was able to share it all.Baton. Chocolate and pistachio mousse. HOW DO YOU EAT THIS THING? It was a chocolate cake bottom with pistachio mousse wrapped with chocolate wafer and decorated with candy on top. Yeah, can't say that I tasted pistachio in that. I actually didn't remember what it was made out of except for chocolate so pistachio never crossed my mind that night. I think my favorite part of this dessert was the chocolate wafer surrounding it. Marriage. Strawberry and banana. This dessert, to me, was one of the better ones. It was light and fruity. Can I taste the strawberry? Yes but that's probably because I ate the strawberries. Can I taste the banana? No. I still liked it because it was light and fruity. It wasn't dense or heavy. But it's not great enough to write anything home about. Mt. Fuji. Chestnut cream cake. This was, by far, one of the favorites among everyone. I love chestnut and I love a chestnut dessert done right. However, this may have been a favorite but I feel that there may have been somethings that could've been executed better in this dessert. Compared to the other desserts we had that night, Mt. Fuji ran a flat line for me and it held no range. There was nothing particularly different about it. I could buy a chestnut dessert at Suzuya and it could be potentially better except smaller in size. It would've been better if they had a harder crust like bottom, like they do in fruit tarts. Speaking of the bottom, the bottom of this dessert was odd. Half of the bottom was cake and the other half was something else -- I forgot. I would be eating one side, talking bout how good the chestnut bits were and my friend, who was on the other side, would look at me like, "Where are you finding this?" In the end...good, but can be better. Ringo. Apple pie. This dish is very interesting because they have a piece of apple pie on one side. Then next to it is an apple shaped candy with cream filling. Then next to the apple is a honey ice cream. If the apple pie was replaced by something else, this particular dessert would've won it all for me. However, I'm not an apple pie person and I understand that apple pie fits the theme to this dish. The candy apple and honey ice cream was great. The sweetness of the candy mixes well with the cream inside of it. The honey ice cream was not too sweet. It had a hint of sweetness but it goes so well with anything and everything. Now the third course is a petite four. It's typically a lava cake but if you had ordered the Baton, you get a cheesecake instead. The lava cake is decorated by fruity marshmallows and alcoholic raisins. Funny thing .. my friend tried the raisin and said it was good so I popped one in my mouth. Hilarity ensues. My face scrunches up and I automatically look for a napkin to spit in. No, just no and WHY? The lava cake is ... a lava cake. You know, when it comes to Japanese made desserts, I expect it to be light and fluffy. Nope, not the case. The lava cake was dense and so very rich in chocolate. No go for me. Now the cheesecake version..it was decorated by pieces of grapefruit, which I'm VERY thankful for. I like grapefruit and I know they did not soak it in alcohol first. The cheesecake? Dense and heavy. It was like eating a block of cheese -- no joke.Was it a good experience? Indeed it was. This is the first time I've done a prix fixe menu for DESSERTS. Did I have a good time? Absolutely. My friends were there with me every step of the way. Would I go to Sweets Raku again? Most likely not. I absolutely cannot justify the price tag of $19 for 3 desserts that I didn't fall in love with. I don't even miss it.
4	"We don't fit in" says my poker bud."What are you talking about" I say."Look around, everyone in here is Asian" he whispers."And what are we?" I answer dumbfounded."No, I mean they are like Wong Fu Asian.  You know, guys in skinny jeans carrying around stuffed animals for girls who weigh 90 pounds or less and take pics with whisker fingers" he continues.Laughing uncontrollably "Shut up and eat your menu".Sweet Raku is about hand crafted, refined, JAPANESE desserts; delicate flavors and natural, subtle sweetness.  This is not the diabetic sugary desserts most Americans are familiar with.  A fresh fruit would have the same amount of sweetness as their offerings.Tip: Opt for the three course tasting.  Widest selection and best value.Standout examples:Mt. Fuji - A neutral chestnut sponge cake topped with lightly candied chestnuts robbed in ribbons of airy chestnut cream.  An ode to the chestnut.Ringo - Modern take on the apple pie.  Barely sweetened apples sandwiched between flaky, slightly salty crust atop white chocolate.  A blown sugar apple filled with cream and an aromatic, slightly bitter sweet honey ice cream, all dusted with powder sugar finish the plate.  Good selection of coffee and tea drinks.  Well chosen wine list.  Great off Strip prices.And yes, the menu was delicious.
4	This place is a hidden gem in Vegas. Its a trendy atmosphere with exceptional service. The desserts are yummy (however not all had a wow taste) and you get to watch them make it in front of you. There is wine, beer, and tea to choose from for drinks.
5	I can't believe this place open till midnight!!!  I thought I was already full, but still I could finish full course desset!!! Fantastic experience :)
4	Sweets Raku has a very calm, refined, and delicate atmosphere to it. This could be a turn off for some looking for a casual place to relax and chat it up with friends. The menu is simple, light, and did I mention edible? Espresso is ok, but I was expecting something to wow me a bit more seeing how it coexists with their nature of business. Desert was never a big thing for me and this place just didn't quite excite my palate. I ordered the baton which was a new experience to me pistachio cream with a chocolate and fruit base all wrapped in a light delicate cookie. The flavors were subtle and weren't too overpowering, but I think I'll leave this place to the dessert lovers. The service here is exceptional although communication could sometimes be an issue, we had difficulties understanding the waitress when she was describing the menu.
3	They say to try everything once right?  Finally made it over to Sweets Raku with a few of my buddies to check out what the "red carpet" out front was all about.  First off, I like the decor of the place.  You are immediately greeted by a wall of wine, which looks fantastic peering in from the outside, and a few pieces of novel art work on the wall (and in the bathroom.. very neat) that sets the tone of the evening: relaxed and inviting.  It was a little warm for my taste but they were baking stuff right in front of you so I quickly disregarded.Now, the food.  I like the concept of the menu in that once you order off of it, you can eat it.  They even provide some dipping sauce (raspberry on this occasion, I believe) for you to dip and munch.  Pretty cool in my book.  Opted for a cheese place because we came from an edomae place before we hit up sweets and I wasn't ready to grub anything too big.  Also divulged in a few glasses Sav Blanc to keep the party going and for pairing purposes as well.  Not too shabby and the cheese plate was a pretty good way to keep me at bay over casual conversation.  The part I liked most about the cheese plate actually wasn't the cheese.. it was the spiced pastry sticks that came with it.  I would've just snacked on that for the evening if I could order just that!  Easily the highlight of the culinary venture here.  I also tasted some pistachio ice cream, mango and yuzu marshmallows, and a little bit of the Red Rock cake to get in on a few of the flavors that they had to offer.  Everything was alright but nothing to write home (or Yelp) about.  I definitely liked the fact that it wasn't super sweet as I am not really a fan of overly sweet desserts, but, again, it was an ok experience with nothing that really stood out.Service was good and I liked the fact that I can see the staff divvy up some dishes right in front of me.  I think the prices are reasonable and probably worth the experience but with everything factored in, I just wasn't feeling it.  Note: I'm a bit more partial to the other "face" of Raku around the corner but just couldn't hang with this place.  Probably would bring my wife to try it out and see if she would like it but it's just not enough to coax me back for any other outings.
4	Super cute location. Friendly & attentive servers. Delicious desserts! Definitely a change from the average. Great for date night. Not good for large parties since the place is tiny! We sat at the bar & were able to watch the desserts being prepared. Very cool experience!
4	Wow.  You know its special when the waiter says its time to eat your "menu" as she pours a splash if raspberry sauce on your plate.  Sweets Raku is so fabulous.  The course dessert prepped counter-side is such an amazing experience. Our citrus starter sorbet was a nice light intro to the main course dessert.  We tried the pistachio mouse, strawberry banana cake, angel cream and hazelnut cream cake.  Everything was spectacular.  Coffee was good as well.  I added a wine pairing for $7 (port) it was just as good.  For a lighter drink option - order the "apple green tea."   So worth the trip to Chinatown - especially if you are looking for non-touristy joints outside the strip. This whole strip mall is full of foodie options that you need to try.  I'll definitely be back.
5	That was the greatest find ever!! We went for valentines dessert and split a "trio" which is $24. An hour of desserts, entertainment (watching them bake) and cookies to bring home was very worth the money. I left thinking I should tip more, that was delicious, entertaining, and the workers are super sweet. I will definitely be going back!
4	Finally made my way over to the dessert destination in the city. And I do have mixed emotions, but for the most part this place is over-hyped! Yeah seriously I think you are just paying for the experience.  All the things they do in the open air kitchen is jaw dropping, which makes you think the dessert that will be served to you will be phenomenal. I came on a Saturday night with a friend and we waited about 45 minutes to be seated. We had dinner prior to coming, so we opted for the Ala Cart but we did consider getting the full course since you get more of your money's worth I guess. Thankfully we didn't because the desserts were nothing spectacular and to be honest they were average at it's best. I had the baton while my friend had the marriage. The baton basically tasted like whipped pistachio with a chocolate shell. No flavors really stuck out. My friend described the marriage as those cake rolls with sliced up strawberry and banana, also another dessert that was a let down. Yes, the ambiance is pretty amazing and sitting at the bar watching the open air kitchen is like a show in itself. Other than the desserts, they have everything going for them. I did hear the apple pie was pretty delicious, but unfortunately is no longer on the menu. Price is justifiable for overall experience and quality of desert, but I don't think I'll be coming back considering I can get pastries at a bakery that are better tasting and for cheaper too. I'm just glad to get this sucker off my bookmark list and say I've been here to check out what the hype was all about.
4	- Just look for the big spoon a couple of doors down from Big Wong. - Be prepared to wait. - Try to sit at the bar if it's your first time.My friends & I came here after dinner around 10:30PM on a week night during the holiday season. We were seated a little after an hour wait. It's a nice little setup.. you can sit at the bar & watch the girls make the desserts or you can sit at one of the 2-3 tables of 2-4 seats. Our party of 5 was lucky enough to snag a spot at the bar. We were entertained by the girls plating the desserts.Once we were seated, the menu was explained to us. It's a prix fixe menu where you get 3 "courses" for $19. You get a starter, an entree (5 options available), & petit fours. OH! The menu (like everyone else has shared) is edible with raspberry dipping sauce. Nothing too exciting, but how many places can you say you've eaten the menu, right?? The amuse was a raspberry sorbet with mint jelly. Light, refreshing, can barely taste the mint. For our entrees, since there were 5 of us & 5 different entrees, we all picked one & tried each. - Marriage: this was my favorite out of the 5.. a spongecake with banana custard inside and strawberry mousse on top with fresh berries. - Baton: this looked like a chocolate silo filled a chocolate cake, topped with chocolate & pistachio mousse with a cute candied ribbon on top. - Angel cream: fromage pear.. super pretty presentation! Delicious & light. - Mt. Fuji: chestnut cream cake.. tasty, but too much cream for my liking. - Ringo: another beautiful presentation! My second favorite: it is basically apple pie with with a candied apple filled with cream and a side of honey ice cream. The petit four was a chocolate molten lava cake with dried fruit and marshmallows on the sides - would skip the fruit. Overall, super cute dessert place where you don't have to feel bad about taking pictures of your food because everyone else is. ;)
5	This was one of the most unique dining experiences I have ever had! It is a bit pricey but the ambiance and the presentation makes it worth it!
5	Sweets Raku is the Apple Store of the dessert world. Except I actually like this place.Everything is white and clean. Your table is set with purpose and design harmony. You can watch your desserts being made at the counter (usually). You can take pictures of your food without feeling any shame - everyone else is. You'll be handed an edible menu. This menu says you have two choices. You can do the pre-fixe 3-course dessert, or just order a la carte. Chances are you'll do the former. At least your first time.For our visit, we sat at the bar - which is highly recommended. It's a fun place to be because you can watch the creation of art. Usually it's the second course you're going to see made. It's the second course you get to pick.First course - a Japanese white peach sorbet with riesling jelly. So light and delicate in flavor that you'll start to savor each spoonful. You won't even make a spoonful anymore. It's a precious amount that is gone too soon.Second course came in two flavors for two of us. In one corner, the "Baton." In the other "Mt. Fuji." We got to watch both under construction. The Mt. Fuji is primarily chestnut flavored. Layers of various chestnut-flavored things like a chestnut cake, actual bits of chestnuts, chestnut mousse, and chestnut frosting laid in a spaghetti-like coating. Light but distinct flavor. Soft texture throughout, and very mild in sweetness as well. The Baton was a sort of chimney made of a crispy chocolate shell. At the bottom, a chocolate cake, then raspberry, then chocolate mousse, and finally a pistachio mousse. Again, not too sweet. I enjoyed the mix of crispy and soft in the center. I liked this more than the Mt. Fuji.Lastly a cream puff. You have your choice of chocolate or vanilla cream, and three different flavors of jam (that I can't remember). Both are injected into the fresh puff. Served with two flavored marshmallows - raspberry and passionfruit. I'm not a huge fan of cream puffs but the cream itself was very tasty. The marshmallows a bit out of place.I really liked the absence of sweetness in pretty much everything. It's often too easy to make things "delicious" through pounds of sugar. Luckily, in their OCD nature regarding quality and perfection - this did not happen.We also had two pots of tea. Both more fragrant than they were flavorful. But flavors were subtle enough to compliment the desserts.  Nothing overpowering.There were a couple of hiccups. For example, we were half forgotten at first. We didn't get our first course for a while, and instead jumped to second. However, as soon as they realized it they fixed their mistake. Everything else was fast after that.We'd certainly be back but probably not to do a pre-fixe deal. Price is a bit steep but it's kind of an experience more than a "value."
3	I have to say that I'm not a huge dessert person. I came here because I've heard so much about it and had to check it out.  first, the place is not very big. it had two tables and majority of seats are at the bar which is nice because they make all the desserts right in front of you. I had the fixed menu which is three courses (one of which you pick). I chose the hazelnut dish which looks like soba noodles. I have to admit that it looks pretty awesome. I thought it was ice cream but it's not which was a bit disappointing. it's really cool to see how they make it and I think that's part of what makes this place special... It feels quite intimate but it's really not.  the dishes aren't spectacular or memorable. would I recommend it? I would if they were really into desserts. would I go back in my own? probably not.  the staff is friendly and the place is super clean. the bathroom is an experience in itself, but if you've been to raku you'd know what I'm talking about.
5	Incredible tasting deserts presented in a beautiful artistic form.  Greatly thought out and executed.
5	Any place where I can eat the menu gets an A+ from me! Such a neat little atmosphere with seating at the bar and three small tables. Be sure to sit at the bar so you can watch the chefs create amazing desserts from sugar and other delicious ingredients. When you sit down, you are given an edible menu with a sugar ribbon. Don't eat it quite yet because they will give you a yummy raspberry plum sauce to dip it in. First time here? You must get the three course dessert! It starts off with a yummy sorbet followed by the main course which is almost to pretty to eat! The last course varies on the season. The first time, mini chocolate cake or cheesecake and the second time was a stuffed pastry.
4	What a fun experience! I highly recommend it to anybody over the age of 8 or so.First of all, the ambiance is super cool. Is this what it's like in Japan? Not sure, but I like to think so. It's a small room decorated all in white, with about 10 seats at the 'bar' where you can watch a few of the desserts being made, and about 10 table seats. Warning: there is no signage! It's located between Kabuto and a massage place.The food menu (which is edible!), includes a 3-course prix fixe option or a 1-course option. The drink menu has an extensive selection of champagne and dessert wines, but unfortunately, these are all quite high-priced and there are very few by the glass selections. In addition, you can order from a wide variety of teas and several types of bottled Japanese water of various ph's. We tried the 'bicarbonate' one, which is supposedly for athletes. I could taste a slight difference from the tap water, but I'm not sure if it was worth $4!On to the main thing, the desserts! They were all delicious. Our amuse was a white peach sorbet with sparkling wine jelly and it was sooo good. Usually peach-flavored things are cloyingly sweet, but this was so light and delicious! The small beads of sparkling wine jelly perfectly complemented it. I could have eaten about 10 of these.For our 'main' dish we had the 'angel' (cookie with pear gel on top and covered with a pear foam) and the 'red rock' (raspberry molten cake with vanilla ice cream and yuzu marshmallows and some other stuff!). The angel was really good - light, with just a hint of pear - but the red rock was awesome! Seriously, I usually don't like 'molten' cakes because they're goopy and too sweet and the cake part is heavy, but THIS.....this was so good. And of all things, the yuzu marshmallows really stood out! It was disappointing that we only had 2! Our last dish was the cream puff. It was good and all, but small, and nothing too special.I would highly recommend everybody check out Sweets Raku at least once - it's a perfect date night! Add a bottle of dessert wine and you could even skip dinner! At $19 for the prix fixe menu, it's definitely more than you'd spend on typical dessert, but it's perfect for a special occasion.So why, you may ask, do I not give it 5 stars? Simply because it is waaayyyyy......toooooooo.....slllllloooowwww. Seriously, we were there over an hour! I appreciate that every dish is made by hand as it's ordered, but could you maybe hire another cook back there? At a pace like that, it's not really even good for kids. Ours held out to the end, but we ended up scarfing down the cream puff in 1 bite each since it was way past bedtime by that time.
4	Pastry chef of the year !! Impressed with the immaculate service and keeping everything neat/clean/tidy. Sitting at the counter was like watching a harmonious symphony in action. The edible menu is definitely a interesting and unique start of the prefix menu. The amuse was refreshing and the desserts itself was pretty straightforward. They are generally on the lighter side of sweet catered to most people who favor less sweet desserts. wish they have more of these places. *smiLe*
5	This is my dining highlight of the past five years, and I am a food snob. Serendipity brought me here and I'll be talking about it for the rest of my life. Superb staff, their desserts are heavenly, the ambiance was perfect, the bathroom had me giddy with laughter, and you have to just applaud how they have taken a suburban parking-lot mall storefront and made you completely forget where you are by the artistic and lovely way they separate you from the outside world by a transparent wall of nice wines (including some Opus One). My dessert was not on the menu - they made is especially for me upon request because I had just come from dinner at Raku and was told that the dessert I ordered following dinner had been discontinued for some time but that if I came to Sweets Raku and asked them to make it they would know what I was asking for and might be able to accommodate. They did, and what a delight! To make this even better, since I am a coffee snob, I can report that the Americano they served me was excellent. The staff were all cute, perfectly dressed, and intimately knowledgeable about every ingredient that is part of their intricate dessert compositions. I reached a level of happiness while dining there - let's call it elation - that I carried with me well into the next morning. In my experience, that's rare and good cause for a five-star rating!
3	Oh how I wanted to love this place. I love the concept. The kitchen is beautiful and contemporary. They're very organized and meticulous.Definitely try sitting at the counter "bar" area to watch the action. Watching them use the different tools and equipment and technique was probably better than the actual dessert course. I think the service needs some working out also.Also the pace is super slow! Really how long does it really take to 1st course: scoop out some sorbet and ass champagne garnish and 3rd course: heat up a premade cream puff? They could really do themselves a favor by adding another server, adding a host or hostess, or something. Either I went on an off night or I'm just missing something.The girls tried to be sweet and tried to explain everything well but it didn't work for me. There was so much inconsistency with service. Example: how about explaining the edible menu before the first course is almost coming out?The sauce they serve with the rice paper menu is awesome.I liked the price for the prix fix 3 course dessert tasting. I liked the desserts. I like the restaurant itself. I wouldn't return any time soon. The whole "experience" was disappointing to me.
5	Loved our time at this place although we had a hard time finding it after eating at the excellant Raku (we didn't realize it was in the same plaza!). The place is kind of set up like Chikalicious in New York where you can order a three course dessert and watch them building it in front of you if you are sitting at the bar. The suprise starts when after ordering, they ask you to eat the menu with some delicious sauce. Desserts were delicate and beautifully presented. Will have to return to try more items.
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! This place. I went once for something new ... Loved it. Then I went back to show a friend. The week after I took my sister. Today I took my other sister for her birthday and fell in love all over again. The service is EXCEPTIONAL! Someone is always attending to. They do a very good job explaining everything step by step. I am so thrilled I get to show my family and friends a unique place to eat for dessert. Also not be to inexpensive is even better!
5	Wow!  Spectacular.  This restaurant rivals any great place you'd find in NYC!  I appreciated the fun, whimsical, cool details like oversized wine glasses, crooked plates, red lego coasters, giant Raku spoon, and transparent wine bar.  I loved watching the desserts being made.  They are works of art.  Also, they tasted delicious and not too sweet.  I will be back!
5	Fantastic desserts. Between 5 of us we tried 4 of the desserts on the menu and they were all excellent. The chef is a true artist.
5	I'm not sure where to begin but to say OMG I LOVE YOU. You enter, and there is a cute display of wines which is like a little wall separator. It was a Tuesday night, so they weren't too busy when we came so we were immediately seated at the bar. Awesome because you get to see the chef make everything (not from scratch of course but she puts it all together in front of you) You can even see her make the crystallized sugar as each order comes up! How cool is that? Service is a little slow, but with such sweet girls serving us and a show in front, it was ok with me. You're given a plate with a scroll on it to unwrap where they'll explain the menu for you. after You've had time to look over the menu, they come around to pour their TO DIE FOR raspberry sauce to dip your EDIBLE menu with. this sauce...was heaven. I swear. My BFF and I decided to go with 3 main dessert entree's instead of the 3 course meal just because we don't care for cream puffs much. But really, the 3 course meal is a score so it's your preference, we're just fatties like that. I loved every dessert we tried. EVERYTHING. Each was amazing in their own way, but the Red Rock (lava flow) was one of my favorites and tops it on my list of favorite desserts. This surpasses Roy's Chocolate Souffle and if anyone knows me, you know I die and go to heaven with each bite of his souffle but this lava cake was the perfect mix of sweet and sour and light. FYI: Mt. Fuki (chestnut cream cake) seems to be something thats always on the menu and their #1 seller. The couple next to us told us it was the most amazing dessert they've ever had (next to red rock) so when i'm back in Vegas, i'll be there to try this dessert. They don't take reservations here but if you're going on a weekday, they'll most likely have a table open or the wait isn't that long. But it is wroth the wait. Also, the desserts are $12 for just the entree and $19 for the 3 course. The chef is from Japan and if anyone knows anything about the Japanese, they're talented when it comes to food and what makes it perfect for my palate is that they know how to use sugar and not let the sugar be the main object of the piece. (it's not overly sweet, but just perfect. I really hate desserts that taste mostly of sugar and nothing else because that's how most people in America like their dessert)
5	This is must go for dessert in LV!!! The desserts look so beautiful and taste sooooo wonderful!! I must go every time when I back to LV!!
5	This must be the definition of 'culinary arts'. Our party of four was heading toward a table when the staff suggested that we sit at the bar around the open prep area.  This was good advice - our conversations trailed off as we watched the chefs at work.  From the delicate candy thread-wrapped edible rice paper menu (raspberry dipping sauce served after ordering) to the plating embellishments (placed Just So), the charming details were executed with intense precision.  The desserts themselves were layer upon layer of harmonizing texture and flavor.  Consider the $19 prix fixe / $12 a la carte pricing as an entrance admission for edible performance art.
4	Love the interior of this restaurant. But didn't like that 1 order per person or sharing charges apply policy. I ordered 2 a-la-carte cake for us and enjoyed both. It was baton? (I believe so) and Mt.Fuji. $12 for each piece and it's just little bit over priced in my opinion but since it's unique style dessert cafe in vegas, still being loved well ;-)
5	It is nothing new, I had something similar in NYC and Tokyo, but this place is a bit better since they offer a wide variety of wines and teas!!! Their desserts are originals and creatives. For those whiners, the place is small with a limited space, you go there to enjoy the chef's creativities and the food, you don't just go there and sit to take up their space and not allowing other paying patrons to get in, so the surcharge for your non eating plus 1 is reasonable. Highly recommend for take your date there to impress them! Get a seat by the counter to watch the dessert chef making your edible artworks right in front of you is mesmerizing!
4	I really think the whole experience of this restaurant was dulled because I knew what to expect from reading the reviews. This would be the first time I have ever wished I went to eat without knowing anything about a restaurant. It was good, not the best dessert ever, but I would go again to take out of town friends for the experience.
5	Sweets Raku is awesome and such a unique dining experience! I came here with a few friends for dessert and we absolutely loved it. The dessert was beautifully presented and tasted beyond amazing. Also, the service was impeccable! I will definitely return!
4	This place is absolutely a treat.... Great dessert section portions are perfect bite. I had wine paring with mine
5	The dessert shop where you can (literally) eat the menu.What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?  This is THE place for gorgeous and delectable desserts.  It's literally dessert and a show.  I try to come back as often as I can.  They've started selling Asian style cake rolls (Swiss rolls) to go, a different flavor each week or so.  I got the Japanese cherry blossom flavor and it is TDF.  Even their to go dessert was expertly prepared to order and wrapped with care.  I love this place and try to bring everyone I know here.
5	This place is amazing !!!! If you live in vegas you gotta come here at least once it is so cool and amazing. Great service and great food.
5	Why does this place deserve 5 stars? Because it's an experience you won't forget.From the moment you walk into this stark white establishment with cool decor to watching the pastry chefs prepare your 3 course dessert menu (if you don't go a la carte) to using their funky bathroom, this place is just very unique. I can't compare it to any other place.I got the pre fixe menu ($19) which comes with AN EDIBLE MENU that you dip into a raspberry sauce, an amuse and petit fours for just $7 more than getting is a la carte. I picked the Mt. Fuji chestnut cream cake because I was so mesmerized by the way the chefs were making it. It looked like ice cream spaghetti. But it was cream...which was good, but it definitely would have been better if it was ice cream.My husband chose the Baton which had chocolate and pistachio mousse over a chocolate sponge cake and red wine sauce. The outside was made out of a thin chocolate layer. It was beautiful, really hard to eat, toppled over, and attacked. Taste wise, I thought it was better than the Mt. Fuji.The Sorbet amuse was a good palate cleanser but the cream puff petit four was seriously so amazing. The cream puffs were heaven. I barely took a pic of it before it disappeared into my mouth.Of course out of all these things, the most impressive was the edible menu. As soon as they present it to you, you know you're in for a nice treat for the rest of the dessert experience. Could it all have tasted better? Yes. But because it was a unique experience that just makes people happy, I think it deserves 5 stars. I dare you to bring a sour puss in here and see if he/she doesn't come out with a smile on his/her face.
5	Pretty little place with great dessert! Good coffee too! Totally new experience for dessert. :)
5	This is not just a restaurant it's an experience! From the amazing and beautiful desserts to the lovely staff and the clean environment ! My favorite dessert has to be the angel cream. It is a very light dessert with just the right amount of sweet with out being overpowering. The cream puffs are also some of the most delectable I have ever had. They are so light and airy with your choice of chocolate or vanilla cream and strawberry or raspberry jam. Everything is prepared right in front of you and the staff is just so great and attentive. I have yet to be disappointed when coming here.
4	Eating here was such a unique experience. Since I'm a huge fan of Raku, the dessert next door was a place I had to check out. I went here not expecting anything much, except to be at a typical dessert cafe. Boy, was I wrong. The decor is modern and hip, with a glass wall of bottles along the entry way. Everything's in white and the open kitchen that's set up with the best tools from All-Clad and the cutest utensils resembles my dream kitchen. I got the pre fixe menu ($19). If you share this pre-fixe menu, they bump up the price. So for whatever, reason the calculations added up so that it was best for my bf and I to get one pre fixe menu plus 1 a la carte item. First, the menu was edible. Without having read the reviews, my instincts kicked in, and I asked the waitress if the menu was edible to which she responded, "try it." I smelled it and licked it and then thought they were playing some practical joke on me so I stopped, feeling really embarrassed. I'm glad I was wrong. I ordered the Red Rock. I for some reason expected a chocolate flavor but it was something else. The cream puff was just an OK for me. The other additional a la carte was the Mt. Fuji (chestnut cream cake) which is one of the most popular cakes in Japan. Since I've grown up all my life eating this cake, I was a bit disappointed in the flavor. Normally the chestnut cream is yellowish as it's more condensed. Here, I think they use less and I couldn't taste the chestnut as much.  i think the best part of my dessert dish was the yuzu marshmallows. I was so amazed by the taste as well as texture. The tea was awesome. Can't remember which one I had, but I don't think you can go wrong. I'm still curious about going back to try the other chocolate tower cake as well as the water that's imported from Japan. In terms of creativity this place is a solid 5 star. I knocked one star off just because the taste wasn't up to par as the appearance/presentation of the desserts. (I hear the booing. Forgive me, but I'm keeping it real)
5	Awesome dessert place... My and my husband couldn't think anywhere else beside this place when it comes to dessert. A must try one
5	Fellas, your Date Night will not be all it could be without ending at Sweets Raku. Girls love sweet things and they love fancy stuff. This is both and happily it won't empty your wallet!You are greeted when you come in and everyone that works there is super nice! There are only a few tables and seating at the counter - and they do not take reservations FYI. They have real food like a few sandwiches and quiches but you really want the dessert. Either the 3 course prix fixe for $19 or a solo dessert for $12. A little expensive maybe but it's worth it based on the artistry, experience, and obviously the taste. I got the Angel Cream and would highly recommend it. It's light but flavorful with pear and other goodness I can't really explain. Like all the others it's really fun to look at before you eat it!
4	Loved the decor of this little dessert restaurant!  It was very difficult to pick a main course because everything sounded so delicious. I recommend going with a couple of people so everyone can order something different and share. That works for indecisive people like me! Everything I tried was wonderful.
5	This place was amazing because of the staff, design, and food. I enjoyed the attentive waitress and concept art of each dish. Sometimes these places would be somewhat creative and unique and the food wouldn't be that impressive, but this wasn't the case. I was awed when I walked in because of the intriguing design of the interior. Overall I enjoyed it to go again.
5	Boyfriend surprised us with this dessert place after sushi dinner. This place is a hidden gem! Literally, you would walk right by it if you were in this plaza. Definitely a place only locals know. Once you go past the dark doors and walls you enter this amazing bright white room, with a massive wall of a fully stocked wine cellar! The staff were super friendly and diligent. The menu is edible! I don't want to say too much and spoil it for those who haven't been but this place is definitely an experience!! Great dessert place!! Check it out!!
5	Unbelievably cool concept .. dessert creations from a decorated Japanese pastry chef .. We enjoyed the prix fixe menu (yes, the menu is edible) which included mango sorbet, strawberry tiramisu, chestnut cream cake, and a puff pastry ..all went amazingly well my illy cappuccino .. vibe is very artistic with all food made directly in front of you, this place has to be tried at least once
3	I really liked the concept / presentation of this place and it was definitely a good experience for date night. It was fun to sit at the bar and watch the ladies prepare all the desserts. My boyfriend and I both ordered the prix fixe menu, which included an amuse bouche (mango sorbet), a main course (we chose red rock and the stella), and a cream puff (cream + jam of your choice).Service as alright. When we came in there weren't many people there so they seated us promptly, but then we had to sit there awkwardly for a little while. A drink list was brought out. They asked us what we wanted to drink, but I ended up not ordering any wine because I wanted to see what the desserts were before I decided. There's a $7 wine tasting pairing that you can get with the dessert, so I ended up doing that since they had already taken the drink menu away. Since only one person is preparing the dessert, my main course came out well before my boyfriend's. Since it had some ice cream / gelato / something frozen on the side, I wanted to eat it before it melted. His came out after I finished. They also forgot about my wine pairing, so they comped it. I think the entire glass with wine had also been in the refrigerator. The dessert was also alright. Nothing phenomenal, but very pretty. Good for an occasion, but I won't be rushing back here just to eat.
5	By far my ALL TIME fave place for brunch and best of all DESSERT! Definitely a recommendation to anyone who loves dessert or not. Grade A+ from service, to ambiance and most importantly the food! I could go on and on about how awesome this place is but I think it's best that you go in and check it out yourself! Seats are limited and no reservations, walk-ins only. :)
5	A great spot to take a date after dinner. I took my wife there last week after dinner. It's a small intimate place in a non-descript strip mall (which interestingly has a few other great finds: Raku sushi, Monta Noodle shop).  Definitely have the prix fix menu. It changes monthly so be prepared to go back again and again. I won't give it all away but the desserts are wonderful!  Definitely sit at the counter and watch them make everything in front of. They have a great selection of wines that pair with each dessert. If I wasn't so full, I would write an even more elaborate review. It's a must go to in the city that has so much to offer!
5	Awesome! Thanks Dad!
5	Really fun place.  You can eat the menu!  The desserts are soooo good and not too sweet.  Desserts are also beautiful.  If you sit at the bar you can watch them make the desserts.  Service is great, really nice.  Decor is very clean and nice.The bathroom is super clean.  Made me so happy to use such a clean bathroom.  Definitely check out the bathroom.
3	Presentation gets 5 stars, taste more of a 3-3.5 stars. Was hoping the flavors would blow me away more, but the experience was still great. This is in the same shopping center as Raku the regular restaurant, but Sweets Raku is towards the front of the parking lot! We were confused at first and didn't know they were difference restaurants. FOOD:Red rock (4 stars): Raspberry and white chocolate go so well together. The raspberry sauce is really good. My favorite dish out of the ones I tried. The sauce in the cake part is nice and warm too. All the textures work really well together. Baton (3.75 stars) Couldn't taste any pistachio in the dish. The chocolate cake with what tasted like a raspberry or wine like sauce at the bottom was really rich and good! The passion fruit gelee bits were also good. You can't taste all the individual flavors together though, I had to specifically look for each component to get that flavor. But I did like the chocolate wafer it was covered in. Stella (3 stars): My least favorite. Definitely not a tiramisu. More of a strawberry tart. Calbri (3.5): If you love fruits and mango you should get this one. Very pretty dish and great presentation. The most fun to get because they poor a sauce over the chocolate covering the glass. But the dish is not so pretty once you start eating it because the glass starts getting smeary and you can't see what you're eating from the sides of the glass anymore. It had a lot of components but you mostly taste mango. Such beautiful presentation. It's a great experience, makes you feel fancy in Chinatown. I love food art so I had a great time seeing the beautiful dishes come out. The flavors just didn't live up to the presentation. Each dessert was $12 and each person needs to order one. I just didn't feel like all the flavors in the description came out in each dish. I have the biggest sweet tooth and I love desserts, so I am a little more picky about them being perfect. ATMOSPHERE:Very pretty restaurant. You can sit at the bar and watch them make the desserts. They first come out with edible menus which was really cool. They give you a yummy raspberry sauce to dip it in. And I had to check out the bathroom after reading reviews on here. It is a really nice bathroom, haha, so check it out as you wait. SERVICE:Our waitress was really nice. I noticed when someone was about to walk in the door they say something out loud to let the waitress know to come out and greet them. So service is important to them. They also put a cute chocolate sign that said happy father's day on one of the desserts for a father when we came in on father's day, so nice.
5	Awesome place.  Clean modern and fun.  It's tiny but nice.  The dessert chefs are so skilled and fun to watch!  We loved the teas they offered and the desserts are great.  Not too sweet and very innovative.!
5	I'm a huge fan of Raku so it was only a matter of time before I would stop by Sweets Raku to check out their confectionery creations.  This was by far one of the most impressive culinary experiences I've ever had in Vegas.Although you can order ala carte here, their 3-course pre-fixe menu is the way to go.  Here's how mine went:Edible Menu -- http://bit.ly/1mhBL8BFirst off, this came as a surprise to me.  What an interesting concept for a quick appetizer.  They provide you with a raspberry dipping sauce.  Just remember to make sure you order first before eating your menu.Daily Iced Tea with Muscat Ice Cube --  http://bit.ly/1p0YITQAnother twist!  The Iced Tea was good but the Muscat Ice Cube made it enjoyable.  I actually couldn't wait for that whole cube to melt down.Pineapple Sorbet with White Wine Jelly -- http://bit.ly/1tNghV9Amuse Bouche course.  This was a good start to the sweets meal.  Not overly sweet and had a refreshing taste to it.Stella - Strawberry Tiramisu --  http://bit.ly/1p0ZDDHMain Course.  I'm glad that they provided pictures on their menu because this looked amazing on the pic, but it was an even bigger treat watching them create it from scratch.  I've never had a Tiramisu with strawberries before so this was a pleasant surprise.  The presentation was very creative and of course it was delish!Creme Puff with Vanilla Cream and Black Currant Syrup -- http://bit.ly/1mhGvekPetit Four course.  I'm always a sucker for a good cream puff.  So I was glad to see they made this the final course.  You do have a choice of cream and syrup and I thought my choice of Vanilla and Black Currant went very well together.  Again, spot on with the presentation!If you enjoy Raku like me, I'm pretty sure you'll be thoroughly impressed with Sweets Raku.  Like its older sibling, the service, presentation, and quality desserts are impeccable and as stated earlier, it's always a treat just to see the desserts being created right before your eyes.  Definitely worth another visit!  5 Stella Stars!
4	I absolutely love this place! Since the minute you walk in it is so cute and different. They great you with an edible menu and you choose your main dessert for your 3 course deal. It is very small so it makes it more exclusive. They only serve dessert so if you are looking for food you are at the wrong place :)
2	Me and the wife have been wanting to go here since they opened and yes finally we got there. First of all this place has no damn sign so it's nearly impossible to find this place. We were looking around for 10 min in the plaza until we found it.I have to say the place is very nicely put together reminds me a little bit of Bottega Louie in LA but that's where it stops.It was pretty cool to eat the menu.... yes they are edible.I could not understand 80% of what the waitress was saying now that's a problem so I let my wife handle it. We ordered the pre-fix dessert which was 3 courses.I have to say I was truly disappointed by the flavors. They just add too much ingredients for one item. They should use simpler the better method. It looked like confusion and tasted like confusion.All four of us didn't like it so we won't be going back!
5	This place is in the same shopping center as monta and raku, but it's on the west side of the three corners and is under no signage until you get to their door you will see a big silver spoon.  Just a heads up because first time I ever went I was confused if the GPS took me to the right place and couldn't find it immediately.  Ok now that is done, this place is such a wonderful experience! They don't just have desserts, but also have appetizers, quiches, and sandwiches.  I have had the crab quiche and the salmon croissant, I prefer the flavors of the croissant I had the best.   The salmon is cooked perfect and has a great sauce, nice greens, and ikura!  Both came with a soup and dessert.  I got the lobster tomato soup each time, it's served in a tiny cup and so yummy.  Salad is greens in a light citrus dressing and potato salad.  The desserts are wonderful to watch being made, and if it's someone's birthday they will malwnit extra special.  I have had the red tiramisu, and the Carib served in the big wine class.  My favorite was the carib it had so many flavors and textures that meld together into something amazing!  The foi gra pate is also amazing and I highly recommend it.  Their bathroom is pretty cool, but I do wish there was a purse hook, and while the sink is cool it kinda splashes every where.  The restaurant itself is super clean, modern, and fresh.  I can't wait to got again!  Oh and heads up if you bring someone who doesn't plan to order, regardless if they share food, there is a 5 dollar plate sharing fee. Probably to cover the edible menu at the beginning.
5	** AMAZING DESSERT **= LOCATION =SWEETS RAKU is located inside a small plaza in Las Vegas Chinatown.  It's located in the same plaza as RAKU (the ramen spot), but it is hard to find because they do not have any signs up.  = AMBIANCE =I love the simple and clean feel to this location, white tiles, white walls, white chair, a nice display of wines, and a beautiful open kitchen where you can watch Mio Ogasawara (2013 Pastry Chef of the Year) and her assistant create the desserts right in front of you. = DESSERT =As noted by many Yelpers, their menu is edible, and I love dipping it into the raspberry sauce and devouring my edible menu after I made my selection.  The 3 course Prix Fixe is $19, and you can choose the main course from the 5 choices  given.  Alternatively, you can choose just one dessert for $12.   I ordered the Prix Fixe with Strawberry Tiramisu, each course was beautifully decorated and made in front of us.  Everything is perfect and not too sweet.= NOTE =* Sharing Fee/ Split Fee is $5* The dessert is on the light side, if you are someone that like stuff that is extremely sweet, this might not be the spot for you.
4	We dined at Herbs & Rye and made it a point NOT to get dessert there. That's usually very out of the question, but on this particular occasion, an anticipated three course dessert was reason enough.Three courses of dessert?! Yup.  I had only imagined the concept in my fondest of thoughts.  My girl friend had been here before and was excited to bring me. I think I was really way more excited than she was. We came in and got lucky there was a spot for two at the bar open. The place itself, it's very clinical and contemporary with its stark white walls and decor. The ladies manning the fort were friendly and kept up with the diners' oohs and aahs. Oh and endless photo-taking. We each opted for the three or maybe four course dessert which came with dessert wine. Even the menu was edible. I surely loved that little touch! Each course was meticulously prepared and artfully presented. Now these aren't your fattening, carbloady desserts. Surprisingly each course was light, airy, but still satisfying that sweet tooth.  Each course was a curious surprise waiting to unravel. We both had an amazing time and I can't wait for a similar concept to be brought to CA.
5	Very Cool experience! Great nightcap for a date. The desserts were delicious! We had the red rock and the Carib. The staff was fun and inviting! I can't wait to go here again! Absolutely delicious! Even the menu is edible!!
5	It doesn't get much better!  The experience from edible menu to watching the sugar webs be spun was awesome!  We split two main course desserts (2 people) and they were amazing.  Everything else we saw our neighbors order looked equally enjoyable.  This will be a regular spot for me.  Wait to sit at the bar, you will thank me later.  Highly recommend!
2	In a word.... NOPE! Katie M's review was EXACTLY how i felt about this place after i read it on my phone after departing from this place. Of course i noticed all the good reviews first, and i am a little disappointed and find it hard to believe that this many people really think the flavors and execution here was worth the money and hype. Here is a hint for people going that are planning to share the pre fixe menu it says that its $19..but if your sharing then its $24. Your better off getting two of the main desserts at $12/each and not taking the 1st and 3rd items from the pre fixe given that they are not large portions or really anything special. Same money but you get more for the money.. I don't want to repeat the same thing that few others have said... yes the place is clean, yes the desserts "look" nice, and its a nice concept...yada yada. But the flavors just do not jive, and in some cases it seems there is just too much going on to really appreciate the dessert. What i will add that not others have said is that i don't see the passion in this chef when making these creations one bit. Im very big on taking my business and money to a place who really enjoys what they are offering to their customers, and although the presentation is lovely, i don't see the chefs heart in the finished product. She is not very delicate, nor interactive at all, and i wasn't even enjoying watching her work since the look on her face wasn't as if she was even enjoying herself. She looked more of like an assembly line worker who was just "going through the motions" and throwing something together to get an end product and not a work of art or beautiful creation. I wanted to like this place... but it falls far short as i have easily had better desserts for a 1/4 of the cost and from a restaurant and not a dessert specific location like this.
5	Prix Fixe, $191. Amuse (Mandarin Sorbet with Raspberry Jelly)2. Today's Dessert*3. Petit Four (vanilla cream puff with black current)Strawberry & Vanilla Green TeaAngel Cream (Fromage Pear)*Muscat Black TeaRed Rock (Raspberry Fondant)*I am just so very impressed with Sweets Raku. It's a fantastic experience and definitely makes for a special night, whatever the occasion. The restaurant is comprised of thoughtful, detailed designs. The spoons, the tea cups, everything is pristine without feeling sterile. Maybe it's "all the good smells" (as my companion says), but you feel welcomed.None of our desserts were on a heavy-sweet side, which is something I prefer. We were super fond of our tea choices. The flavors were true to name. A funny thing, we thought the Strawberry & Vanilla tea tasted like the instant oatmeal!
5	It does not look like much from the outside, but once u step in, you're transported to a very clean and modern dessert boutique.Amuse Bouche: so wonderfully refreshing!It was nice and tart and a great starter.Strawberry tiramisu: just the perfect amount of sweetness. The presentation was absolutely beautiful!Vanilla cream puff: puts beard Papa to absolute shame.The ladies there were all so sweet and explained everything to us. The overall experience took about an hour. I understood that it took time to put together such beautiful and edible art. There was a slight hiccup w/ the check, but that won't deter me from coming back here and trying everything else. I was not sick at all from the sugar overload or lack of. I think it's every sweet tooths' dream to have dessert for breakfast, lunch and dinner. But I guess settling to have  it served as a 3-course meal would do just perfectly. This is a must have for me when visiting Vegas again.
2	Soooooo disappointed by this place, especially since I LOVE LOVE LOVE the regular Raku restaurant....seating was uncomfortable, and only a few seats...then I could not understand the waitress....and the wait was forever to get each entree....on the desserts, everything had the same fruit jelly on it, each dish was way over complicated, and looked much better than it actually tasted. I can appreciate a nice presentation (I'm the first one at the table usually to complain about food aesthetics), but at the end of the day the food needs to taste as good as it looks and in this case it was not there. The coolest thing was the edible menu, but for me I'd rather go to Jean Philippe if I was going out for dessert.
3	Update.So I braved the parking again and actually tried this place.  I figured I had to try this place as pastry is what I do. :-)It was ok. The concept is cute. And they finally got a sign!!!!!!! Edible menu was just rice paper with Raspberry Sauce.  I guess if you've never seen rice paper it's amazing but I see it all the time so nothing special for me. It would have been nice if the sugar ring was flavored and not just pulled sugar. Orange Sorbet.... too much air worked into it.  Otherwise, the flavor was good. I had the Angel something.  It was good and very pretty. Flavor wise....I wished that the pear flavor was more forward.  It was light and creamy but really nothing stood out. Also had the strawberry Tiramisu. This one was much better.  More forward flavors and it felt like a complete dessert with the different textures in the dessert.  The cake part of it was my fav. :-)They called it hot cream puff but I guess I like my cream puffs a little softer.  This one was rock hard.  The chocolate custard had just the right amount of bitterness to it but the blueberry jam inside threw me.  I would have just preferred it to me plain chocolate. Would I come back.  No. Was it a good experience to have yes. ~~~~~~~~~~~This review is just based solely on parking and the lack of signage for the restaurant.  Ok. If this was a brand new restaurant I could understand why there are no signs for the restaurant.  BUT really??  They can't spend the money to put a sign up to let their first time patrons know where they are located?????  Really????And seriously, parking or rather the lack there of parking? What's the deal?  You can't let your first time patrons know that parking is bloody murder? To add on at least 30 minutes to try and get parking or tell them to park at another plaza and walk over?  Is that so hard to let people know? I called to ask them where they are located while I was sitting in front of Raku(which had a sign). The girl on the phone laughed and said yes no sign like that was a good thing... and then when I mentioned the parking she just laughed again and said to just drive around and look for parking.  Nice.  No help at all just a lot of laughter.This pretty much makes me not ever want to try this place.  If I ever do want to face the parking again I will update this review with what I thought of the food. From what I read... mixed reviews.
5	One of the best if not the best dessert experiences I've ever had! A must if your a tourist or a local. The experience of just going and seeing what they can do with desserts is a treat just on its own. But actually eat what they make is absolutely incredible!!!!! Every bite was insanely delicious!!!!
5	On a busy Friday night, the parking lot was packed and there were many people there too, but we decided to have dessert at Sweets Raku anyway.  Tried the prix fixe menu $19 which consisted of a pineapple sorbet with white wine jelly as 1st course, then Angel Cream (fromage pear) for 2nd course, and a cream puff with chocolate custard.  The menu they present to you is actually edible.  Just break it open and after you select what you want and tell the waitress, you can tear it apart and dip in raspberry sauce to eat.   The desserts I had  tasted like heaven!  I have a serious sweet tooth and although these were not on the super sweet side they were delicate yet so decadently delicious!  We sat at the bar and watched as our selections were created which was awesome to see.   They also sell macaroons freshly made to go and other goodies to!   Enjoyed and savored every bite and want to go back to taste the other entree selections next time.
5	Dear Sweets Raku: It's a good thing you're a dessert bar, because if you were a man, I'd make you my sugar daddy. Our song would be Def Leppard's 'Pour Some Sugar On Me' and it would be the sweetest, tastiest, most self indulgent love affair of all time. For those of you that have not yet met my secret lover (aka Sweets as I like to call him) behold a delectable gem hidden in a strip mall that is ironically off of the Strip. There are no strippers here but the tantalizing beauty of these desserts might just drive you mad to the point of stripping all your clothes off. Cover your eyes kids, this could get ugly. If you're like me and once dreamed of transporting yourself into another dimension so you can visit Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, then your first step towards that happy day has finally arrived! You don't get a golden ticket but you do get an edible menu that you can eat with strawberry syrup. Uhhhh whuuuuuut?! Sweets Raku rules!First off, don't come to Sweets Raku on a totally full stomach because you'll definitely want to order the three course pre-fixe. Only weaklings order just one dessert! Two of my friends who came with us were weaklings and afterwards we de-friended them from Facebook and fed them to the wolves. My other friends who made the brave choice of ordering the pre-fixe however were rewarded with a crown of diamonds and three bags full of gold. I mean, come on people, it's just dessert! Do some air squats and suck it up!For our first course I got an amazing orange sorbet and watched as the pretty Japanese pastry chef lovingly made each dish right in front of our eyes! Momentarily I turned into a piglet and went weee weee weee all the way to heaven! Just look at the photos, they were all beautiful works of art! I felt like I just ate a Picasso except I think Sweets Raku tastes much better than an old painting.Word to the wise, be careful or Sweets Raku will spin its way around your heart and you'll be caught in its web of sugar spun ecstasy. Step off though 'yo, because I was here first!
3	Fun experience since you get to sit at the bar and watch then make dessert artwork.  And you get to eat the menu.  Service is great! The gal even help me put on my coat afterwards.I would go back to take friends for fun and try other desserts.  Nothing stood out as amazing but overall pretty good.
5	I was really reluctant to go to this place because it was completely empty and strange looking from the outside, but don't hesitate! It was a great experience! Started off with edible menus with rasberry sauce. Then my boyfriend and I did the a la carte dessert rather than the set menu. The first dessert we had was this angel looking dessert complete with wings and a halo! Cutest thing ever and the best tasting dessert in my opinion. The second dessert was the raspberry lava cake. Also amazing! My second favorite!Third dessert was a mango mousse, this was my least favorite. The flavors did not go well together and everything melted into a soup in five minutes. Skip this one. Overall the waiter was really nice and helpful and you get to watch the pastry chefs make these great creations. Btw, the place was packed by the time we left. Don't forget to check out the bathroom!
5	Worth the experience.  The presentation, service and food were all superior.
5	An extraordinary experience. Every dessert is made in front of you and are works of art & taste amazing. A must try if you're in Vegas.
3	It's cool.  It's hip.  It's trendy... and it's WAY too small.  I went there late evening and had to stand in line.  The food was beautiful if not a bit pricey and I very much enjoyed what I had but when it came down to actual taste, it was an OK dessert but no better.  It's just the whole package that I think has people raving.
5	Fate was on our side when we discovered and ate at this place by complete accident, and I'm so glad we did! It was quite an experience.We accidentally got dropped off here by our taxi rather than at Raku, for dinner. Luckily, they are in the same strip mall so we trotted off to Raku, only to find we had about an hour wait. When on vacation, there are no rules, so we traced our path back to Sweets Raku and had dessert first!This place is tiny (a few tables and the dessert bar where you can sit and watch them make your courses). It's all white and the servers are very sweet. For $19, you get a 3-course prix fixe dessert service like none other. They start by bringing you a rolled up menu with a gold ring encircling it. After picking what you want, they pour a raspberry sauce on a plate and you dip you menu in it and eat it. Not only unique, it was actually quite good. You can even eat the gold ring.After the menu eating, you start with an Amuse. Ours was mango sorbet with mint jelly. I'll be honest, it looked and sounded not so good. But damn if it wasn't good! Super refreshing.Then you pick your main dessert from four selections. I chose the coconut panna cotta and my daughter had the pistachio & chocolate mousse. Both excellent and unique. They topped mine with some sort of wafer, poured sauce on top of that, and instead of overflowing, it melted or collapsed the wafer and the liquid into the serving dish. A show and a dessert in one.You end with a petit four, equally odd and equally good. It's really hard to explain so I'll just suggest that you go there some time and try it. It's worth it and if you're a visitor like me, it's so refreshing to get off the Strip for just one evening.I also had an excellent cappucino with my dessert, complete with a crystalized sugar stick.DELISH! And from there, we wandered over and had dinner at Raku!
5	Great place to end up my night with sweets and wine pairing. Sitting at bar and watching all chefs painted their skill on those plates were really entertained me.
5	We finally were able to taste one side of Raku! It is a dessert bar, could have quite a wait and everything is made right in front of you. Being part of a 5-person group, we ordered three different desserts off of the prix fixe menu, which was edible and came with a nice raspberry sauce.
5	Best dessert I've had hands down.  The attention to detail is superb, and I suspect that the staff there has OCD because they would spend at least 10 minutes on a plate.  My favorite from there is the Angel Cream, and I enjoyed the Champagne Rose tea with it.  This place is quite pricey for just dessert, but it's definitely worth it because it's even better than Bottega Louie in LA and you will definitely impress your date/guests.
4	I appreciate the experience of the place, but I would not come back. The place is super bright, and the pastry chefs make your dish right in front of you (if you sit at the counter). I'd also recommend people to go see the restroom, haha. As for the desserts, we ordered the 3 course dessert and an ala carte item: mango sorbet with mint jelly, the stella, the cream puff with vanilla filling and raspberry jam and baton. I enjoy the desserts because they aren't overly sweet. I looooved the 3 course dessert. The mango sorbet definitely hit the spot, the stella was worthy and the cream puff was yummy. The baton, however, was super rich. The chocolate outside was rich, but I can stand rich chocolate (I believe it was dark chocolate). The pistachio creme, however, was way too rich for my liking. They also had this jam-like sauce between the pistachio creme and chocolate creme, and I did not like it. It tasted like alcohol to me, and I'm not a fan of alcohol. I would not order the baton again. The perk of this place was the edible menu. I really liked it. c:
3	I heard so much about this place that after dinner at Japanese Curry Zen in the same strip mall (Seoul Plaza), we stopped by Sweets Raku.  SR is located West of the 15 on Spring Mountain Rd.As the name indicates, SR specializes in desserts.  However, they do have savory items on the menu like foie gras torchon ($18) & caviar ($30).  We shared the three course Prix Fixe that comes w/ an amuse (mango gelato), your choice of one of the desserts of the day:  We chose the baton (chocolate rolled dough) filled w/ pistachio & chocolate mousse, and a cream puff filled w/ chocolate cream.  The price is normally $17, but because we shared it was $24 (O_o).  In addition, we ordered 5 macarons for $9 to go.  The meal starts whimsically, because the menu is edible and they give you a raspberry sauce to dip it in.  Unfortunately, the menu reminded me of a communion wafer, and was apros pos for the remainder of the prix fixe.The amuse tasted good:  The mango flavor really stood out.  But it wasn't worth the average of $8 for the 3 course prix fixe:  2 Stars.  On the other hand, the second course tasted very good (especially the baton).  The baton had several layers and the fillings were very flavorful:  4 Stars.  Lastly, the third course was pretty bad.  There wasn't much too it, and the portion was tiny for the $8 average price:  2 Stars.BTW, we tried the macarons the next day, and they were OK.  They were not as good as Bottega Louie's, and definitely not better than Bouchon's:  3 Stars.Our waitress Yuta was super nice.  However, the courses came out very slowly.  Additionally, we noticed several guests were turned away because of a wait vs putting them on a waiting list and asking them to return:  3 Stars.  The ambiance is pretty cool.  There is an interesting spoon out front, there are tins of tea on the wall, and wine bottles in a dope display case.  However, this place is very cramped.  Its best to sit at the bar to see your creations being made:  3 Stars.IMHO, this place is overhyped and appeals primarily to females - Including my yf Dani S.  But she didn't notice me cos she was on a date.  In any case, my date looked better than her, so Dani would have been mad!  - LOL!!!  In reality, there was only two guys on a Sat nite, and the place was packed).  Nonetheless, I won't be coming back.  I am not sure what raku means, but they are running a "rakut" here w/ the high prices for mediocre food.  I would have rated this place Two Stars if the service wasn't good.
4	Delish!!!! Didn't like their sister restaurant Raku, but the sweets raku is amazing! Decor is adorable, staff is friendly and attentive, and oh yea... The desserts are just divine! Will be coming back every Vegas trip for more. Get the prixfixe! You'll love it. I got the wine pairing but that was kind of lame... $7 for a shot of Riesling. Really???? Didn't take away from my overall "sweet" experience though. It did pair well. Just kinda steep for the amount they give you. FYI If you split a prixfixe with someone they will charge you $5 more unless that person orders something too.
5	Oh sweet, Sweet Raku. Please open a location in Los Angeles! We need you..no, I NEED you!What an amazing experience. The best seat in the house is at the counter. You can see every sweet dish made right in front of you. Chef Mio really treats every plate with artistry. There's no rushing it. Every dish is beautiful and the staff really takes great pride in presenting you with a gift more than just food. They really want you to experience and understand all the flavors. Food paparazzi don't be shy, this is where you can go food pic crazy!! Great opportunity to try that new hyper lapse app and post on Instagram!For 1st timers, I highly suggest the prix fix menu: $19, +$7 for wine pairing. Especially if you are indecisive on what to get. The a la carte items are $12. Sharing is highly recommended. There was 4 of us, so we were able to try all 4 of the a la carte items and none of them disappointed. Sweet tooth heaven!
5	What an amazing experience.I will be coming back Vegas.
5	Walking in you know they take desserts seriously. They take the time with each group, despite being busy with a line out he door. Each dessert is hand made and provides quite a show. Watching them bake one piece of a item that has about 30 steps to complete, injecting cream puffs with homemade jams, or spinning sugar nests while everyone watches. We all know that if you like desserts you will love the edible menu, the ring that holds t the 3-course is the way to go. I tried the panna cotta and the lava cake. Both were just perfection. No details because it'd be way to long of a review.If you DONT like desserts, I know you exist, don't pass Sweets Raku. These desserts are not just sugar. They take into account texture, and multiple layers of flavor and senses. Sweet, sour, tart, cold, hot, and micro greens or other special touches really make this place stand out.
5	What a dessert experience. I had no idea what to expect coming here. I am very impressed with everything! The look of the place, the service, the specialty of the product. How can you not LOVE this place? They gave dessert something new and special! The menu they give you is edible! It's a pre-fixe menu. You get about 3 different dishes. Everything is made in front of you. Each piece of dessert is a work of art. It was all very interesting.Also the bathroom is insane! The sink is one of the oddest I've ever seen!
5	What an experience. What. An. Experience!I refuse to rehash the descriptions of desserts or the surprises in store at this establishment.  I will just sum it up with a gorgeously white-with-red-accents appearance that you will just sink into a cloud of flavors and Miyazaki's music and find nirvana in a decadent dessert.  It is an experience that I have to force myself not to go to TOO often as I don't ever want to ruin this hide away for myself.  I had a moment where I took a bite of my dessert and paused - thanked whatever powers that be that I was able to eat such an amazing dish, that someone came up with this dessert (the brilliant Chef Mio), and that I was fortunate enough to sit in this amazing restaurant with this delectable confection, and for an hour or so - all was right with the world and nothing else matter.  As my friend sitting next to me last night remarked halfway into our main dessert - "I am just so happy right now."
3	A really nice experience. We get to sit at the bar and watch how each desserts are made. We had the Raspberry Lava Cake and the Strawberry Tiramisu and some Cream Puffs. The Raspberry Lava Cake is my favorite. We always had the Chocolate version and this is something new and unique. The Tiramisu and Cream Puffs are soso, especially the Cream Puffs, it's so dry that I only took one bite and can't finish it. Overall, I think this is a one-time experience thing, no need to come back constantly.
5	This place was so cute and lovely! A smallDessert bar in Chinatown. The service was amazing! It was 10 minutes til closing and they still took us, usually other places would turn you down if you were coming in 5-10 minutes before closing, but it was no problem here. Our waitress was really nice, she explained the menu in full detail and gave us great recommendations. We decided to go with the "prie fixe" for $19 (4 dessert tastings) I recommend ordering this if it's your first time here. We also ordered the foie gras and cheese plate, they were good but not my favorite. I really enjoyed the Strawberry tiramisu.     Presentation was outstanding! It looked too pretty to eat, the desserts looked like it should be from a fine dining restaurant.     We sat at the bar which I recommend, you get to see all your yummy desserts being created!   A great place to end your date night.. I will definitely be coming back!
5	This is performance dessert:  sit at the bar to watch the delicate menu items come to life, the chefs using unusual tools and even tweezers to make sure everything has perfect presentation, then try to have the heart to eat the art. The $20 pre-fixe includes an amuse-bouche palate cleanser, your choice of main dessert, and ends with petit-fours you can customize by flavor and filling.Amuse was a flavorful pineapple sorbet topped with lychee jelly.The CARIB is visually stunning, served in a wine glass covered with a candy lid that is melted with heated fruit sauce as it is served falling into the glass to mix with the other ingredients prior to eating: fruits, custard, caramelized banana, and mango jelly combine harmoniously.  By far one of the more unique desserts I've tried. The MT. FUJI is a delicate sponge cake with custard, topped with delicate ribbons of coffee-flavored cream and shards of chocolate. This dessert was more in line with what I look for in desserts, and seems to be a safer menu option.Other options are the STELLA (strawberry tiramisu), the RED ROCK (raspberry lava cake), and the BATON (pistachio cream in chocolate tube). The PETIT FOURS, similar to profitroles, available in customized flavor fillings and jellies. Raspberry and black currant was a good combination. Presentation even for this simple ending is beautiful, completed by a smear of citrus sauce and two house-made marshmallows.All of the desserts look amazing, and with the amount of business they get in the evening you are sure to see them all. Unique place to experience even if you're not a dessert person, definitely a place I'd suggest all locals go at least once for a sweet date night. It's like an intimate, made-to-order version of Extraordinary Desserts (in San Diego).PS: Don't leave without stopping by the bathroom!
5	A must try if u love dessert.  The dessert are made right in front of you.  The flavors of the sweets are amazing.
5	While planning for our Vegas trip, my friend told me about this fabulous desserts place where even the menu was edible!  It sounded straight out of one of my dreams and earned a top spot on the itinerary.  Sweets Raku, sister restaurant to Japanese restaurant Raku is located in Las Vegas' Chinatown and doesn't take reservations.  Nine out of ten of us chose to order the prix fixe 3 course menu for $19 and the latter chose one main dessert a la carte for $12.  The fancy dessert shop also offers wine pairings, but I selected a black peach tea to accompany my desserts.  My amuse bouche was a pineapple sorbet that was to die for.  It was amazing.  The other half of the group received a fig sorbet which, let's just say, was not to die for.     For my main dessert, I had the Mt. Fuji, a chestnut cream cake topped with layers of chestnut cream.  It was unusual to look at, but once I took a bite, I knew this was the stuff dreams are made of.  The light taste of the chestnut was delightful and the sponge cake was soft, airy and perfect.  However, next time and mark my words there will be a next time, I will order Stella, the fairest of all strawberry tiramisu.  With its beautiful presentation, you won't want to cut into it, but once you do, it will be sure to be one of the best desserts you have ever experienced.  The final course was a cream puff served with petit fours.  I practically inhaled the cream puff and its delicious light vanilla cream.  The pastry chefs at Sweets Raku are amazing at creating such beautiful and delicious desserts.  This was definitely an extraordinary and unique experience.  Next time in Vegas, make sure to stop here.
5	Ugh, they nail serendipitous whimsy so well. Advanced notice: spoilers ahead. Just spare yourself reading all of this, trust the 4.5 yelp stars and visit to first experience for yourself. You'll enjoy it more this way, and then come back and read about everyone else's experience and add your own.Last chance...Penultimate last chance....Final last chance...(-;What a treat this place is from the mundane dessert cafes/patisseries. The 3-course dessert prix fixe option for $19 is a wonderful assortment of treats, and show(wo)manship in one. Majority of the seats are around the counter right around where the dessert-istas make your sweets. It's fun to watch them prepare each masterpiece using very specialized pastry tools.For the prix fixe option I had a pineapple sherbet with wine jelly, a choice of 5 desserts options from which I chose a chestnut Mt. Fuji pile, and a creme puff filled with berry jam and chocolate or vanilla cream. The menu is also edible and they come by and squirt some apricot (I think) syrup to dip the rice paper menus into. I loved this. What a break from the typical!The waitress in Raku proper hinted that they change up the menu offerings frequently, so don't expect to see the same a few months after this review. Other pieces that make visiting Sweets Raku pleasing are the environment. The servers are friendly and perky, in a nice way, and greet and say good bye to customers in Japanese. There are many "gems" within the restaurant awaiting your notice and enjoyment. My favorite is the artwork of planet Earth with illustrated idiosyncrasies of each country. Fun to look at and acknowledge what was called out for each. Raku and Las Vegas are clearly called out on the art! I also loved looking around the kitchen and seeing all of their tools, and collection of All-Clad pots, and utensils. Can you spy the taste-finger spatula??I won't write about the bathroom too much, but make sure you step in. It's a serendipitous experience in and of itself. "I think I'm turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese, I really think so."They also offer teas and cocktails. I ventured into a green tea, Tokio, which was very nice and had a sweet aroma. Didn't pay too much attention to the alcoholic drinks. Enjoy!!!
5	If you love food and appreciate the art of making it, then come here! There are tons of glowing reviews and you should believe them. I think the poorer reviews come from those accustomed to eating at  cheap places (this place has ambiance and excellent service) and those who came with the wrong people (don't come here with someone who doesn't like dessert).
4	Loved this place. I had a great experience eating here. First off, 3 course meal was $19. BUT, if you share, its an additional $5. Do you get more for that extra $5? Nope. Just a cute extra spoon. I'm going to get to the point and say that the tiramisu was very scrumptious! The inside was very cute, it was very clean, and the open kitchen and watching these pastry chefs do their stuff was great.Also, go eat that menu! Lol. The menu is a great idea to start with to eat after ordering.It is a pricey place, with small fancy show like desserts. So, if you have a huge appetite and wanna come here, bring some dough!
4	It's all white, very modern & seats about 15 people max at a time. Unique would be a great word to describe this place. Thank you to my fellow yelpers for this find!My mans bday came up so I thought why not try something different for dessert & I chose wisely.We walked in around 9pm & were very lucky to get seated right away. The staff is very nice & loved hearing that we were newbies & got word of them on yelp. We decided to share the prix fixe menu since we just had a big dinner & it was perfect. I took pics of everything & by far the best part was watching them assemble everything right in front of you. I also need to mention that the aromas in the air were unbelievable. One moment it smells like chocolate & the next it smells like vanilla cake. I wanted to eat the air in that room! Everything that is presented to you is so delicate & beautiful. Every plate was artistic & memorable. My very favorite plate was the last one, a warm cream puff with vanilla & strawberry. My least favorite plate was the Mt Fuji and I loved that it was delicate & not very sweet but I felt it needed something else to it. Some extra flavor or texture, not sure but that's the only thing I wasn't impressed with. Overall the experience was incredible & I very much look forward to going back to try something different. I recommend this place for anyone looking for an experience. Once again, thank you to my fellow yelpers!
3	First time for me to try this fantastic place. I went there with my husband and 2 years old daughter. The lady invited us to sit at the bar so we could watch when they prepare our desert. A waitress explain that price for 3 course desert is 19$/person but they will charge for 24$ if we want to share the course together. We decided to share the course since we have already had big meal. Later, same waitress came back and said we had to order one more desert because they charge per seat. Seriously!!!! You charge for my daughter to sit at the bar??? Anyway, we end up order 1 more desert to go as they REQUEST. Overall it was a good experience, desert was delicious. But seem to be over price. Prepare to pay 12$ per SEAT that you sit on.
4	What a fun and cute little place! For $20 you can get a prefixed menu of sweets! You get a sorbet, a main dessert dish and a small vanilla or chocolate pastry. For $7 extra you can get a wine paring with your main dessert. The desserts are pretty good but the best part of it it's the amount of detail that they have. So many ingredients and decorations that makes this place very unique. The only bad part is that it could take a long time to get your dishes. I went with two of my girlfriends and we all ordered at the same time, but got the dishes at different times.... each five minutes after the other. They did not coordinate and bring all the dishes at the same time, which was very inconvenient! If you are a sucker for warm "lava" you must get the red rock! Instead of warm chocolate it's a soft cake filled with strawberry! It was delicious!! The Mt Fuji was also very good, but you should only get it if you like chocolate and tons of frosting! We also tried the carib which is perfect for someone who is not that into sweets and prefers a refreshing dessert!  Overall, a must try at least once in your lifetime!
5	This is my favorite dessert place in Vegas! Me and my friends love here so much, it's a nice place to chill out. The open kitchen is really attractive, and their facility seems very delicate too. The menu is edible, and the dessert is absolutely amazing, I really enjoy every time when chef made my lovely dessert front of me!
5	In addition to this being a really a great and fun experience, the desserts are amazing! I took a friend here for her birthday after we chowed down some kbbq, not sure what to expect. It's pretty small, but luckily we got two seats at the bar. There are also a few tables away from the bar, but you don't want to get stuck at one of those because you miss all the action of the dessert chefs at work.We ordered red sangria, and then shared the 3-course menu, which came with a mango sorbet, an "entree", and a cream puff. For our entree, we opted for the strawberry shortcake. First of all, the sangria is one of the best I've ever tasted. It had a "creamsicle" aftertaste, which may seem strange but was actually totally amazing. The mango sorbet tastes like frozen mangos pureed then frozen and somehow turned into sorbet. It was so crisp and smooth all at the same time. I could've gone for a couple more servings of that. It came with a mint jelly that did not taste like mint at all, but more like sour apple, which paired beautifully with the sorbet.Next came our strawberry shortcake. I had told our server we were celebrating a birthday, so the chefs personalized it for my friend and everyone sang happy birthday to her when they brought it out. It was so nice of them. This dessert was TO DIE for. Seriously, the shortcake is perfectly spongy and the cream that came on top of it is smooth and subtly sweet. This dish also came with a delicious strawberry sorbet. Last but not least, the cream puff came and we had chosen chocolate as the cream filling. They cut it in half for us and we promptly devoured this in 10 seconds flat even though we were stuffed. Everything was amazing! The service was great, the food was great, the experience was great. Definitely recommended for anyone with a sweet tooth looking for a fun and unique experience.
5	Words cannot describe the orgasmic feast for the eyes, nose and tastebuds. I travel internationally to the top restaurants (michelin, James beard etc...) and Raku and Raku Sweets is my last supper choice. They have the best desserts I've had in my life and deserve to be the #1 dessert location in North America Hands Down!
5	The little shop is located in a small plaza about 5 min from 99 ranch in Chinatown. Parking is easy as there's a parking lot available. Extremely limited seating (only two small tables and bar seating) and they do not take reservations. No outdoor seating. Definitely not recommended for groups. They serve Lupicia Tea and Illy Coffee. They now have a lunch menu if you want a sandwich.NOTE: While here, every person must order at least a wine to sit if you're not ordering anything elseDessert Prix Fixe: $19 (To share $24)First Course: Amuse BoucheMain: A Choice of Today's DessertPetit Four~~ Today's Dessert ~~ (A La Carte: $12) Menu as of 111/23/14+Carib+Stella+Jack in a cup+Red Rock+Mt.Fuji~~ Savory ~~+Cheese Plate: $9+Foie Gras: $18+Caviar: $30+Jamon Iberico Prociutto: $8~~ Lupicia Tea ~~-- Green Tea--+Jasmin: Chinese green tea was scented with jasmine flowers which have sweet aroma like spring breeze.+Tokio: Green tea delicately flavored with sweet berries+Grapefruit Green: Green tea flavored with fresh grapefruits+Strawberry & Vanilla: Green tea with matcha is flavored with sweet fragrance of strawberry and vanilla+Paradise Green: Green tea with tropical fruits and bright-colored flower petals+Tsugaru Green (Apple Green Tea): Japanese green tea flavored with ''Sun-Tsugaru'' apples from Aomori prefecture in Japan-- Black Tea --+Earl Grey: Earl Grey made with keemun tea+Champagne Rose: Black tea flavored with sweet strawberries and champagne+Muscat+Momo (Peach): Black tea flavored only with Japanese white peaches. Peach leaves are blended+Decaf Sakurambo (Cherry): Black tea flavored with Japanese Cherries~~ Illy Coffee ~~+Espresso: $3.50+Cappuccino: $4.50+Latte: $4.50+Americano: $4+Iced Coffee Latte: $4.50+Iced Americano: $4.50~~ My Prix Fixe ~~Edible Menu Served w/ Apricot sauceAmuse Bouche: Pineapple Sorbet with White Wine Jelly Jack in a Cup served alongside house-made Cherry, Apricot, and Cassis Berry (Blackcurrant) MarshmallowsPetit Fours: Cream Puff with Chocolate Custard and, Raspberry Currant Jam nestled on an orange zest sauce served alongside house-made Passion Fruit and Raspberry MarshmallowsHighly recommend sitting at the bar so you watch the chefs make the desserts. Saw one of the guests order the Carib where the chef poured the heated sauce on top of the sugar cover. The heat from the sauce then melted the cover to cover the dessert underneath in the glass. Such a fun and pretty presentation! Absolutely loved the amuse bouche as the pineapple sorbet wasn't overly sweet nor tart. Very refreshing and the white wine jelly complimented the sorbet very nicely as well. The Jack in a Cup is a chocolate souffle with banana creme filling that is injected right in front of you. So fun to watch the souffle rise. The cream puff had an airy but slightly crispy dough with the custard very light and airy (like whipped cream). All the house-made marshmallows were tiny but bursting with flavors.Our waitress was very polite and described everything perfectly with much enthusiasm. Definitely a fun experience and would definitely come back to try their other items.NOTE: Check out the bathroom. They have a bidet and a waterfall sink faucet with a pretty decor inside the sink!
5	I can't even express how wonderful this place is: extremely unique, minimalistic, fun service, such a cool concept. The desserts were out of this world, especially the panna cotta. You must try to get a counter seat...it was fun watching them create everything in front of you. We did a dessert wine pairing with our tasting menu. I can't wait to go again! Definitely a must do for out of town visitors!
5	Great place to come to after a fab dinner at Raku. The dessert concepts are really interesting and very delicious. The counter seats are really cool because you can watch them create everything. Love this place.
5	Such a fun date night experience. Or any night for that matter. You'll feel special being here due to the small intimate atmosphere. The service is very friendly. It is sweets and a show watching the ladies work. I would recommend sharing the tasting. We had champagne as well and the 3 courses plus the bubbly would have been way too overwhelming for one. It was perfect to share. If you haven't tried it, go. I'll go back when I'm in need of another special treat. A really fun surprise to end a night after a show. The late hours are perfect for this!
5	A friend brought me here since I hadn't gotten to try it yet, so it was a you have to go check it out. It's located in the same plaza as Raku, Monta, Curry Zen, Big Wong, and other favorites....man this plaza does have some awesome foods. You can spend the whole day here!!It's a small intimate restaurant, I don't know if I can even call it that but I will for now. It's mostly bar seating with a few tables, but personally I think everyone would rather sit at the bar. You get to watch them make everything! Well most of everything at least. So first off the edible menu....it's basically rice paper, which was awesome by itself but they gave us an apricot dipping sauce when we went. It changes from what the server told me, so it was currently apricot, which is one of my favorite fruits! Score! I got the three course dessert, prix fixe which isn't too badly priced honestly. Although I wouldn't spend $19 on dessert normally all the time, but once in a while and if you go to any upscale restaurant then it's really honestly not bad at all. Started off with a raspberry sorbert which was presented perfectly on a plate, it was fun to watch them plate everything and the techniques they use. Typical Japanese sorbert, at least for me (again I grew up in Japan) it wasn't too sweet basically perfect amount of sweetness! The Stella was almost too pretty to eat. I mean it was stunning to look at and I really just would have been satisfied staring at it, but alas you gotta eat it at some point!! The creme they use wasn't overpowering and didn't take away from the fruits. The tiramisu with the strawberries was delicious. I think it might be one of their popular dishes and well I could tell why just by the presentation of it and with the taste matching that of the presentation just shows you how the craftsmanship of this was top of the line!And finally a creme puff, it was alright, nothing too superb as the bread part was too hard for my tastes. I like it when it's soft, but the creme inside was pretty good as it wasn't super sweet. The gelatin cubes were cute!! Reminded me of the candy I always used to get called cube while I was growing up in Japan. The servers are mostly Japanese that speak your typical FOB English, but it isn't too bad. And I'm sure they wouldn't mind if you wanted to try practicing your Japanese with them.
4	Angela and I have been wanting to come here since we were told the chef wanted to open a dessert place when last we ate at Raku. That was a while ago and so we finally made it here. Place is pretty awesome. You get a 3 course dessert menu! And the menu is on rice paper so they then serve you a sauce you dip your menu in and eat it! Yeah, kinda crazy and cool. Only thing was the macaron we had was actually kinda terrible. Weird when everything else is really amazing. Would definitely go back though.
5	If you love dessert or sweets then Sweets Raku is a place for you.  I love sitting at the bar and watching my main course of the 3 course dessert menu being made right in front of me while I eat my menu dipped into a raspberry sauce.  The menu changes seasonally and the flavors are timeless.  Go spoil yourself!
5	The whole experience was amazing!  You must sit at the counter to enjoy the preparation of each desert. You can tell she spends time on each order to the fullest.We didn't have enough time so we ordered one dessert, the Stella. It was top notch!The staff there were all so friendly, Japanese people are the nicest people on the planet. The decor jumped out at you being mostly white, made it feel very elegant.HIGH RECOMMEND IT!
5	Love mixing art with food!! The girls who make the desserts are super talented.   The entire experience is edible... literally!!!  From the menu to the menu ring and then to the actual three course dessert!  It was an amazing experience and I loved every part of it!  We ordered the Mt. Fuji which was a chestnut cream dessert.. and might I tell yoy... OMG!! Sooo gooood.  I loved every bite of it! My bf ordered the Marriage and that was decadent as well.  Fruity and fresh was how I described his.  It was so yummy he devoured every bit!! But this place is small and can have a bit of a wsit.  But love sitting at the bar where you can watch the master chef concoct the awesome desserts for each and every guest!
5	Sweets Raku is the real deal.  I haven't had any of their savory stuff but their desserts are top notch and the service is about as attentive as you can get without being overly intrusive.Came here with a local friend who said I should check it out.  We had the Dessert Prix Fixe and an A La Carte dessert (they charge a little more if you split a Prix Fixe) and he also had a Prix Fixe.  When you receive the actual menu, it comes rolled up in a ring (ours was a sort of pretzel ring).  They gave us a plate of some sort of apple sauce and then game the fun part.  You dip the menu into the sauce and eat it!  Yes this is possibly very gimmicky and yes it's still AWESOME!Our Prix Fixe started with a pear sherbet dollop that was crisp and refreshing.  The actual main was the Stella which is some sort of fantastic strawberry confection.  It was plated beautifully and had just the right amount of sweetness as well as a little bit of gold flake.  For the third course it was our choice of cream puff and it was just the right size with, again, the right amount of sweetness and sauce.  For the A La Carte dessert, I ordered the Carib which was a mixture of cinnamon, fruit, cream, sherbet, and custard in a wine glass.  They place a thin circle of white chocolate over the top and pour a sauce on top which melts away the chocolate, dripping onto the contents of the glass.  The flavors melded well and in my opinion it was the star of the show.Afterward we inquired about some blue sparkling wine some other guests were having and our server poured us some complimentary glasses with a couple blueberries as garnish!I would say I was definitely blown away by the experience and actually quite upset I have not found something like it back home in SF.  This is absolutely a gem off the Strip and I will make it a point to stop by whenever I am in town.
5	When you first walk in you don't know what to expect. You see a giant glass wall partitioning the dining area and entrance. We we're say at the counter which is a must. You see each dessert prepared for you which is the best part. The dessert was delicious but the whole experience was fun. The chefs are Japanese and speak with a heavy accent. It's a great date night place if you want to share something fun.
4	AWESOMENESS!!! I almost got them confused with another "Raku" in the same plaza at first, but the other actually sells grilled food I believe. The place is very brightly lit as everything is "white" and gives off that clean, upscale eatery vibe. On a Thursday night there was a 30 minute wait for the counter where all the action takes place, but trust me its worth the wait as thats where all the action awaits!First off, the menu itself is edible and its super cool to watch yourself stuffing paper bits into your mouth with mouthwatering peach sauce to use as dip.Dessert we ordered the prix fixe menu for $19 which comes with:- mango sorbet with green jelly-delicious! A must for mango lovers!! The flavor was super strong with a hint of sourness. -Jack in a cup-a chocolate souffle with a choice of vanilla or chocolate creme filling which is injected in front of you using a cool pipe-looking gadget and a half ring of nuts, fruity marshmallow squares, and popcorn I believe? This specific dessert was a little too sweet/rich for my liking so I only ate half..-cream puff- crispy puff with a light semi-sweet raspberry filling.From the a la carte menu $12 we ordered:-Stella ( strawberry tiramisu)- probably the most beautiful presentation of all with a small strip of fresh fruits and light airy cream but I didn't try the actual bread portion.-carib? MY FAVORITE! A wine glass filled with kiwi, banana, pudding, then topped with a thin lid which is melted as hot fruit puree is poured on top creating a cascading effect.All in all it was well worth the wait and a unique experience, but the desserts are slightly overrated. We found ourselves a tad grossed out after finding a hair sticking out of the comped cookies and noticing the chef cutting fruits and plating the desserts with bare hands...but no biggie because we still ate the food.
5	Phenomenal experience! I even went right after buffet just so i can have it before getting on my flight back. I would have missed my flight had it not been the delay! But was still worth it :)
4	Tasty desserts hand assembled by the chef.  It's good but I'd avoid coming during busy hours.
5	What a cool and unique experience! Everything was delicious including the edible menu served with an apricot sauce. I came with three other people and each of us ordered a different dessert so I got to try all four! My favorite was the one in the glass (I think the coconut panacotta) since I loved the fresh fruity flavor. Second choice was the strawberry one which kinda tasted like a snickers bar. Would definitely come back!
5	Great dessert place! We went as a group of four. Not a lot of seating so we waited about 15 minutes. We each ordered a different dessert, all amazing. My sister ordered the sake -champagne , very enjoyable. The rest of us ordered a different tea. I'm not a tea snob so if I go back would just order water as the tea is about five bucks.
5	Everything looks gorgeous and tastes great. Highly recommended for all dessert lovers.
4	Located at a plaza full of good restaurants, so it makes sense to walk on over for dessert right after your dinner (or this could be your dinner). I've gotten the 3-course dessert for $19 and they decorate and bake some in front of you if you sit at the bar. Pretty fun to watch. The desserts themselves are pretty damn good and they change their menu occasionally. And plus their menu is edible!
5	Trying to impress someone? Take them here. Super clean. Dessert is a 10/10 for sure. Server and chef will give you amazing customer service. Menu is edible. Not much taste but with the sauce they provide  it's awesomeTalk about creativity. Sit at the bar so you can watch the chef create your dessert your about to devour. I will come back here for sure. I want to taste everything  they have
5	Must see to believe.  Everyone and everything done to perfection. It's a must eat and see in Las Vegas! I like good dessert but this is way more than just dessert its an experience
5	I've been to Raku a few times, and somehow never looked to the other side of the plaza (other than seeing the massage place with the big prints of the asian women... shouts a little bit of shady if you ask me).  Actually I was looking for Raku on Yelp to see what I should get this last time, and came across the high ratings for Sweets Raku.  Boy oh boy were we NOT disappointed.After a huge-a** dinner, we came to Sweets Raku and got in line.  It was rather quick to get seated if you didn't want to sit at the bar.  A lot of people like sitting at the bar so that they can see the chef make their desserts, kind of magical and good if you come with kids, or are a big kid yourself.We went with the pre-fixe even though we were full as hell from dinner, because we were like eff it, diet in the new year!  Let me just say, I have never had a panna cotta like this one.  Every morsel, every bite, everything was awesome.  You will close your eyes and see unicorns and rainbows.  The hubs got the strawberry tiramisu which I was thinking at the time didn't sound that enticing and I thought he was making a huge mistake...but alas it was also very delicious.  The cream puffs at the end, I will admit, I also thought would be just another standard cream puff like bear papas .. nope!  Dat flavor.  Perfect amount of melt in your mouth, cream was less thick and didn't feel gross as some cream puffs can make you feel.If you are in the area, stop by.  It is delightful.  It is a Japanese dessert place, so expect light flavors and light sugar (i.e. if you regularly eat American sweets and don't think sodas are too sugary... you may not like this place!)
5	I have a new found respect for desserts in general but more specifically, for Japanese desserts. I am definitely more of a savory foods person and typically only take a small bite or two of dessert just to try it since I find 95% of desserts too artificial, heavy, sugary/sweet and simply not worth the calories (even on cheat day! I could indulge in a sushi buffet for the calories that are in some desserts! but I digress...)This place does dessert right...dare I say, perfect even? Everything we tried was absolutely delicious. You can definitely tell how much care was put into every plate. Everything tasted like it was made from scratch, nothing tasted the least bit artificial and everything was perfectly sweet--just enough and not too much. I absolutely love the perfect contrast of tarte/sweet in the Strawberry Tiramisu and the last course (not sure what it is called) but it is essentially a little custard filled pastry (you can choose vanilla or chocolate + strawberry, raspberry, or black currant).For a 5-star quality three course dessert, $19 per person for the prefixe is not too shabby. Yes, it is a bit of a splurge for dessert but still an amazing value given the quality of the final product, the ingredients and care/precision that go into each plate, and the attentive and friendly service.I will definitely be back and bring all my friends who visit from out of town! :)
5	Friendly staff, edible menu! Get the fruit dessert that goes in a giant wine bottle.. you will thank me later ;)
5	This place is SOOO CUTE!I love the fact that the menu is edible, and the prix fixe is such an awesome deal. $19 for a 3-course dessert.I had the Angel Cake which had pear in it, it was beautifully light and delicate, not at all overpoweringly sweet. My husband had the Hazelnut Cake and really enjoyed it.But the best part is being able to watch the artisans at work, right in front you. The ladies pull sugar and assemble the beautiful desserts in the sleek kitchen in front of the counter.Such a fun experience, I could have sat there all day in awe of everything!
