3	Are you in the mood for a fish sandwich?  Or something else that's been fried?  If so, look no further than the OOH in Market Square.  Yep, you'll be saying OOH yourself when you see the size of the fish slab you get on your sandwich.It's probably not too healthy, and their sides are a little hit-or-miss (I enjoy the mac and cheese and onion rings), but the OOH knows how to put a piece of fried fish in between two slices of bread.  There's tubes full of tartar sauce for an even unhealthier topping, and the option of chicken finger or crab cakes for non-fish lovers, but let's face it - getting any of those is a mistake.Go with the fish sandwich or - if you must - an oyster sandwich.  Anything else isn't worth the trip there.
3	I gotta admit, the fish sandwich here is awesome!  It's deep fried so that the fat will seep into the meat of the fish!  It's totally bad for you, but the quality of the fish itself is usually good.  It is nice and tender.  You can put your own tartar sauce on it to make it as unhealthy as you want, but it's good with just some lemon on it--the way I like it!I can only eat about 1/2 the sandwich, so I usually end up cutting it in half and sharing it.
2	OK, here's what you need to know first-- they do not serve raw oysters. Where I'm from, you can't call your restaurant an "Oyster House" without raw oysters served, unless you want a good ass whoopin'. Nothing else about this place remotely conveys "Oyster House." It's a fried seafood joint, that doesn't serve Yuengling nor takes credit cards. We got all of our food on Styrofoam plates with plastic silverware. The "waitress" stood and watched us eat most of the meal. This particular lady had a substantial moustache and sideburns.  It was unsettling. You also have to pay before being served. The New England Clam Chowder was good.
4	My grandpap loves it,And that's good enough for me.Don't insult him...eat.
5	I've lived in Allegheny County my whole life, but only went to the Original Oyster House for the first time today. I'd heard they were reputed to have the best fish sandwich in the city, so that's what I was looking for. (By the way, as a side-note to the people, on Yelp and elsewhere, who whine about how a restaurant with the word "Oyster" in its name should focus on gourmet oysters and not fish sandwiches: Jesus, grow up. I don't go to Red Robin because I'm in the mood for some robin carpaccio, and I don't go to the Silk Elephant because I'm in the mood for some broiled pachyderms. A name is just a name. This is a very old establishment, and if you didn't do your homework going in to know what's good to order nowadays, then the fault is wholly yours, and I have zero sympathy. To quote a wise Russian: CRY SOME MORE.)Anyway, back to the sandwich:I got a platter with fries, slaw, and the sandwich. Sounds very pedestrian, sure, but it was far from ordinary. The slaw was very substantial and was dressed well without being overwhelming. The fries were extremely fresh, had a lot of substance to them, and were satisfyingly crispy. The fish sandwich itself- heck, I can hardly write about it, because I couldn't help but to inhale it. It was the best fish sandwich I can recall ever having eaten, and I could hardly stop myself from wolfing it down, bite after intoxicating bite. It's something you really just need to experience for yourself.I ate at the bar, and your usual condiments (ketchup, tartar sauce, salt, pepper, etc) were easily at hand. I used a moderate dollop of tartar sauce on my sandwich, which was great, but I'm sure the sandwich would have stood up fine without it, too. A lot of places' fish sandwiches are extremely bland and dry, making the tartar sauce necessary just to swallow it down, but the OOH's sandwich needs no such crutch. The tartar sauce is able to do what it's really meant to do: complement an already-excellent fish dishSo, what else can I say? I feel like my life as a Pittsburgher is enriched just knowing that this place exists, and I can't believe I've been missing out as long as I have been. I'm a graduate student at Pitt, and I can guarantee that whenever I have a solid hour free for lunch, I'll hop a bus downtown to get another fish sandwich platter. After today, I can't imagine a better Pittsburgh lunch- not even Primanti's.
2	Pre-fab fried food. Decor has character. The beer is cheap.
3	Gist - 2.5-3 stars..basic institution of market square and known for their fish sandwich which is more size i think than real special taste..simple fried seafood on paper plates/beer type placeFood:* Fish Sandwich Basket - got the fish sandwich which is fried not battered which was huge as usual (note does not have any tomato, lettuce or extra stuff) also add on some thick french fries & coleslaw which was ok. * Oyster Shooter - so this is the only raw oyster thing they have..and it is ideal for me cuz it is cheap ($1.5 i think?) and comes w/ a baby side of beer hehe...to wash it all down..I wish other restaurants had this!Overall - If you have never been, come at least once to check-out the decor and have a couple oyster shooters & fish sandwich to compare to the other known place Whooly's (i think?)...Taste wise nothing "out of this world" but good portions
2	Awesome chowder but that's it...
3	Hmmmm, apparently I didn't get quite enough grease in my diet while in PA (you know, with all those extraneous French fries on salads and sandwiches and such).  This place is pretty bare bones, CASH ONLY, and it looks like it might not have been thoroughly cleaned since it was built.  We asked for separate checks (we were here for a conference and each has an expense account to submit) and the waitress didn't seem too happy about our request.  I might add that we were the only people in the restaurant at 8pm on a Saturday.  But I digress, you wanted to know about the food, didn't you?It was ALL greasy.  The crab cakes were possibly the most dense foodstuff I've ever seen.  The Fish 'n chips were like nuggets, the fried sampler was ENORMOUS and one of our guys ordered the Monster fish sandwich, yup, it was monster all right.  only about 1/3 of it fit on the bun.Overall it was just bland sea food.  no one was upset at the choice, but no one was raving about it either.
4	A Pittsburgh landmark . The service was very good . Local Pittsburghers are the staff so you get the Yinzer attitude , which I love . No BS. The food was good . Try the clam strips , crab balls , and oystetr shooters. The old pictures of celebrities on the wall and old school feel make this worth it.
3	This is one of the better places to get a simple fried fish sandwich.The atmosphere is a little wet, dank and dreary. The place feels as old as it looks. Still, the pictures of various celebrities and sports stars gives it an authentic, old-time feel.The staff isn't overly friendly but they're not rude either; as another reviewer said, it's a little Pittsburghese attitude. It's just matter-of-fact. Come in, order your fish and eat it.During the summers, they also have soft-serve ice cream which is a nice treat after lunch.I keep coming back here because the fried fish sandwich really is worth it. A huge filet of fish, fried up simply. The fish is moist, perhaps a little greasy, but still delicious and the filet is thick so you're not getting more breading than fish.
3	I got the buttermilk and woah - I feel like someone played a trick on me! I could barely drink a quarter inch of that stuff until I felt my lactose intolerance crunching me. The fish fry was good, though I would save the fish fry stomach for Wholey's next time. This place is 3 rooms in 1. The southernmost is a bar, which would have been fun to discover before I found the ordering and dining room. The best part about the 3 rooms might be the spiced vinegar sauce. I load that stuff on.  The staff was incredible in their efficiency and intolerance. Lovely too. I love that Pitt gruff.
1	Horrible, go to Long John Silver's. I hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
5	I simply like this place. This is the original decor that others copy. This is fried fish and oysters the way I like them best. Lightly coated and deep fried. The clam chowder is creamy and flavorful with plenty of clams. I have never found the servers anything but pleasant. I suspect their behavior has a lot do to with who is at the table. When I come to Pittsburgh, The Original Oyster House is a must. It is exactly what should be in a downtown and serves exactly what people have liked for 100 years. Thank you Pittsburgh for keeping food history alive.
4	Loved this place for what it is . . . An old time, steel city, Market Square, fried seafood & beer spot that has not changed a bit since the days your great grandfather frequented as a young steel worker!  Not a date place!   Stopped in before an afternoon Pirate game with the guys for lunch and then walked back to PNC.  The food and beer were served quickly and quite tasty.  Must try a fried oyster. I've never had one quite like this! All in all a fun taste of Pittsburgh!! Will go back!
3	Ice cream break!
4	If this place could be described in four words, they would be:Angry, Sweaty, Dive-y, and DELICIOUSThis place is a Pittsburgh classic. Don't go here if your looking for some hip and trendy seafood joint. I'm pretty sure the decor hasn't changed in the past 50 years, but that's part of what makes it awesome.The cashiers and cooks are angry, and slightly scary looking, but not in a bad way (if that makes any sense whatsoever). Their no-nonsense, "soup-nazi" style fits with the classic blue-collar Pittsburgh motif this place is still holding on to. If you go in knowing what you want, you'll be fine.Bottom line, and most importantly, the food. Pretty much everything is fried, but it's all good. Never too greasy, and only lightly breaded. When lent rolls around, you always see every restaurant in town with signs boasting, "Voted Best Fish in Town." I'm not sure who's voting, and how EVERY restaurant seems to have the best. Don't be fooled, Oyster House IS the best fried fish in town.
3	Let's face it folks--this ain't McCormick & Schmick.  It's a dive, it's cheap, and the fish here is oh so good, providing you lower your expectations a little.  Meaning that you're not gonna get five-star cuisine but you'll get good basic chow here.  I went for the baked scrod sandwich and a side of hot sausage soup.  Trust me, if you're a soup lover like me, you'll want to come here whenever that's the soup of the day.Guess I'll be hitting the gym tonight after work.
4	Great fast fried seafood, cash only and a few other options.Don't be confused this place consists of two establishments and one kitchen. One is a bar with waiters and liquor, the other is a fast food style place. I chose the latter. Walk in and you will find a menu board with a few specials printed out hanging off of it, no frills, no credit cards, all local flavor.I went with the Titanic special $10.75 Which included a "monster" fish sandwich, and two sides, I chose fries and onion rings.Everything is made to order, which means crispy fries, rings and a crust on hot flakey fish. The fish here is the real thing not some unnatural square, a large fillet of mild white fish with a great breading on a simple bun. The condiments are on the table and up to you, tartar sauce, hot sauce, a spicy "famous" vinegar and ketchup. It was a big sandwich but not titanic maybe just queen marry.Bottom line if you want some fried food and have cash give this a try.
5	Came here for lunch and after looking at there menu, which was hard to choose from, but I went with the fish and chips (about $7.50) and a side of coleslaw. This place is cash only so make sure you bring it. Loved that the crispiness of the fish and the fries were amazing. What I really loved about this place is that on the table they have oil, vinegar, tartar sauce, hot sauce and the fish came with cocktail sauce so you get to try a huge spectrum of taste with your fish. This is my kind of place, its reasonably priced, quick, a variety of condiments, great food, they have booze, if I am ever back in the Burgh I am stopping here.
2	I have only ever been to Market Square once before, so I was excited to find myself here again! Darren suggested the Original Oyster House for our afternoon meal. Mmmm seafood! I could go for some good seafood, especially fresh oysters! Now, I am from an area not far from the ocean, and every year we had a community oyster roast, you know: fried, steamed, and raw oysters. Ummm, yeah. Big let down. I should know better than to have high expectations. If I wanted Long John Silvers, or better still Captain D's (look it up if you never heard of Captain D's), then I'd hit up one up, AND get a friendlier server to boot. I also bet I could get into a ladies room without needing a key elsewhere, or even some SWEET N LOW for my tea! Sorry...the more I write the angrier I am getting. One thing I am starting to notice about this area, it seems acceptable to have curt or even rude service. I suppose I was jaded before.Ok, the food itself. The side of coleslaw was rather good. It tasted fresh and creamy! The crabcake...(can I call it that?) was more like a clump of Stove Top Stuffing and a tiny bit of crab meat. The two jumbo fried shrimp were ok. At least they weren't too greasy. And the frigg'n "original oyster"... WHERE IS THE OYSTER??? Nothing but breading. I think I saw something resembling an oyster in there somewhere. And every entree had to be fried. Ugh.
3	The Original Oyster House is a restaurant I've been intending to visit for quite some time, and finally got around to trying last evening.  Honestly, I was a bit underwhelmed.  As you walk in, it comes across as a bit of a small, a little bit dingy, diner.  I have no problem with that, I happen to love diners, but it's not what I would expect from a place I am hoping to get good seafood.  The selection for beer with dinner was rather limited (but let's face it we weren't going there for beer, it's just something I noticed)  The service was seriously lacking.  When asking for our order, the waitress was literally on her cell phone.  I could never tell if she was paying attention to us or not.   I also found the set-up of the restaurant to be rather lacking.  It feels very claustrophobic, and while we were sitting up at the counter, a number of people bumped into me due to the fact that there is very little room to walk around.  Now, as far as the food goes, nothing was BAD, but it wasn't stellar.  Nothing on the menu seemed to be "Great" to me.  I ordered clam strips, and there was absolutely nothing special about them whatsoever.  They are the same clam strips I could get anywhere else I were to ever go.  There was no extra flavoring, no pizazz, nothing.  Just some strips of clam fried up.  Same goes for the french fries.  Now, the green beans I got were of note, because they were really gross.  There was no flavoring added to them whatsoever, they were just plain, boring, soggy green beans.  I was very much let down.So all in all, if you are looking for something quick and find yourself downtown, the Original Oyster House is perfectly acceptable.  If you are looking for some place that makes very unique, delicious seafood meals, find something else.
4	Walked in here xmas eve after primanti bros stopped serving out of the blue, despite us sitting at a table. Place is a total dive but that's part of it's charm. Fried fish between bread. Load up the hot sauce and tartar sauce, get some fried oysters and onion rings, and expect exactly what you ordered. This isn't le bernadin in nyc. Some of these reviews seem like they were expecting fine dining. CASH ONLY.
2	Had an awful crab cake here with little crab in it but mostly lots of breading and filler.. Even the Phillips brand ones at Costco are better than most. And of course Eleven has the best ever. But anyways, hubby got a deep fried cod filet that was sandwiched between 2 hamburger buns, which was pretty decent fried fish while it was hot and crispy... But my crab cake was sadly unforgivable.
1	My parents and I came here after my dad had boasted about how good there food was and that he would bring his HP customers here for lunch. Upon arrival we immediately were ignored so we ended up seating ourselves. The place was unacceptably dirty, our table was dirty the floor was dirty, heck even the walls seemed to have a layer of grime. Both the waitress and the bartender were extremely  rude. My mom and I got a beer and my dad tried to order a martini, immediately we received dirty looks from both the bartender and the waitress, they said they didn't have them so my dad asked for straight vodka in a glass to which she brought a shot  of vodka instead. I understand it's not a full bar or a classy place but to serve alcohol and react the way the servers did was ridiculous! I ordered a grilled fish sandwich that lacked flavor and was horrible greasy, the fried scallops were disgusting.I understand that the restaurant has seen better days but wow, will i be going back, methinks not!
2	Everything about this place seems very antiquated.  I wasn't impressed with my clam chowder.  There was some kind of bread component inside the clam chowder that may have been an attempt at dumplings but just tasted like soggy bread.  I'm not a fan
4	My friends and I, finally decided on the Oyster House to have lunch. It was the first for me. Apparently the place has two entrances which made things a little confusing but both doors lead into the restaurant. The place was packed needless to say because it was the lunch time rush. Despite the full house, we did not have to wait too long for our food and the cashier was very hospitable. The "back of the house" work well together from appearances and it is always entertaining to watch them getting your food ready.Despite the full house, there was plenty of seating area. Both my friends got some kind of fish and fries. They let me try a piece and it was very tender. I got the oyster sandwich which was very tasty. The oysters were fried and then place in the middle of the sandwich. Of course, I placed some tartar sauce in the sandwich which add some moisture. I will be back. I think the only drawback to this restaurant is its location. Most people who eat here are those who work near by, go to school, and etc. Me fitting in neither category. I usually have to circle around the block a couple of times to find parking. Please don't make the mistake of parking there, thinking that there are no parking enforcers, there are usually 2-3 just for that area during lunch time. I found out the hard way. A whopping $50 (I think, can't remember so long ago but the ticket hurt my bank account).
3	This place helped me survive my college days in the 1960's as a commuter at Duquesne University. I would walk down Forbes Ave. after class for a fish sandwich, a couple of 'oysters' and a glass of buttermilk (upgraded to a beer after I became legal). The whole thing cost me about 50 cents in those days. I stopped back yesterday to remember old times. The place looks largely the same, but the crowds at the bar are gone. The oyster cakes still taste  good, though; a lump of seasoned cracker meal rolled around an oyster and deep fried to a light brown. While the oyster cakes largely serve as a vehicle for hot sauce, they still taste like they used to 50 years ago. The prices are much higher, but the place still holds fond memories of Pittsburgh's working-class past, when the railroad workers would pack the bar after their shifts.The Oyster House can still serve up a good lunch or afternoon snack, along with a lot of memories over a cold one.
4	Rhode-Islander approved!!How have I not been to this place before?  Authentic clam chowder, delicious fried fish, tartar sauce by the bucket... heaven!I guess I can see where Pittsburghers may not share my sentiment, but believe me, this is the closest to New England-style seafood I have EVER encountered in the 'burgh.  OK, so they only have clam strips and not whole bellies and clam cakes (fritters) are nowhere to be seen, but the chowder and lightly breaded fish (Famous Fish sandwich) make up for it.I loved the dynamic in this place.  It was CROWDED (Friday during Lent, what should I have expected?), but the kitchen staff was turning out fish sandwiches by the dozen.This will definitely become a regular lunch spot for me (if, that is, I can find enough people in the 'burgh who actually like seafood).
3	Everything is fried.  Cash only.  Food ok.
2	We stopped here expecting them to have raw bar options as their name would imply.  However, they have several cooked selections. That said, we only stopped into this location for a drink and then moved on.The restaurant includes outdoor seating and a long straight bar that extends from the front of the restaurant to the rear.  Overall, the interior isn't spectacular, but has several nostalgic photos of famous people (both local and national), some of the photos autographed.Their drink selection is simple with many local brews and mass produced American beers.
4	Great lunch in Market Square, and it is a PGH institution. The food is awesome, low prices, and a sick poster of Rocky Marciano. Definitely worth the time if you are working in downtown.
4	This is one of those places - it's been there forever, it doesn't need your approval or your patronage, it will outlive us all, the end. We were on our way to the Pirates game and our locals told us it was the thing to do so, even though we were still full from a late lunch, we went there, got some beers, way too many fried oysters, and got the hell out of the way when the check was settled. If you actually are going expecting to enjoy the food - be aware that an order of three lightly seasoned breaded oysters is the equivalent of three White Castle burger-sized oysters (cause they've been pounded flat) smothered in about half a cannister of 4C breadcrumbs and then fried. I think "stick to your ribs" is an adequate way to describe the sensation I was wrestling with on my way across the Roberto Clemente Bridge. It's also one of those places where if you're trying to eat healthy and you order the salad, you get a styrofoam plate with iceberg and a couple anemic slices of tomato on top. Also, I recall there being some sort of a deal where, if you join the birthday club, you get a Rocky Marciano poster on your big day.So yeah, I'll totally be back!
3	Sat outside one Thursday evening to have dinner. I was surprised out how cheap the food was here and how delicious it was. I had the crab cakes and I really enjoyed them. I was a bit shocked to find everything served in plastic (plastic plates, cups, and silverwear). Also, this is a cash only place. I guess that explains why their prices are so low. We didn't go inside, but from just looking thru the window, it didn't look like much. At the end of the day, good food and good service. I would go back.
2	Had lunch here at the OOH on a cold day in early Spring. It was a Wednesday, and thankfully not a Friday in Lent where it would have been much busier.I opted for the dual crabcakes platter with two sides, and the crabcake was mushy, not fried long enough, and just lacking any reasonable portion of crab meat.I've had the fried oysters before, and they were pretty good.  I think your results might be highly dependent on what you order.This lunch kinda sucked.
4	OOH is a cross between a British Pub and an old-fashioned American counter-top dinner. The decor provides a traditional feel (and so does its clientele).I decided on the Fish-n-Chips and was almost tempted to order a side too given the inexpensive prices which must be as old as the restaurant; the Fish-n-chips were $7.50. Given the price, I was a bit skeptical of the quality of the food but found myself content once I had a bite. Both the fish and fries were crispy and had a pleasant taste from the batter. My only complaint was that the fish came in three pieces as opposed to one large piece. Also, OOH has a house-made pepper vinegar sauce which I decided to try. The basket was sufficient without the vinegar, yet I enjoyed it so much that I decided to generously apply it to.
2	A native all my life and  never been, finally went last summer. I felt it was the thing to do. I did not like squeezing in that miniscule bar and eating on a table the size of a frisbee. Look, I love food, and rarely complain, but I feel I have to be honest. Like one guy said, they don't really need our kudos now, as they are there and will remain there. Just like Primanti's and Isaly's,,,,oh wait, haha. The food was passable but could be better. the Oysters were good, and if ever I do go back I will get just them because the crab cakes sucked. Sure, I am spoiled by the east coast cakes I have had in Jersey and Baltimore. And that is the only thumbs up Ballymore will ever get from me!OOH, trendy hotspot you should take visitors to, fill them with cold Irons and fried sea fare, then take them home and they can say they have been there.
3	As many times as I walked passed during my lunch or random stroll through Market Square, I've never stopped here. I decided to get lunch here after figuring out I've eaten everywhere for lunch downtown at least 3 times. I ordered the crab cake meal; 2 cakes & 2 sides. I chose french fries and green beans (i dont know why the beans, just wanted to say I had green beans for lunch) I was satisfied. Everything was okay and it filled me up. I saved one of my crab cakes because of how full I was, then gave it away to a nice lady on the street. She seemed satisfied :) **however, i prefer my crab cakes more like a patty instead of mushy & more crabmeat than breadcrumbs...... :( I have to bring Bobby here to see what he thinks..
4	The good: I'll eat anything they want to batter and fry up, all the fried food was steaming, crispy, flavorful, tender, and delicious. Portions are large, I got the "fish nuggets", I expected tiny nibbles but was pleasantly surprised by prepared mountains of battered fish the size of my fists.Prices are extremely reasonable, my wife and I happily stuffed ourselves and got drinks for under $30.   The prices are good anywhere, but especially for  the prime downtown hot spot of market square.  The Oyster House is Pittsburgh's oldest bar and restaurant, and has been featured in several movies over the years.  They have lots of vintage photos hanging on the wall.  The staff is gruff, but friendly, true Pittsburghers.The bad: As I mentioned, it was founded in 1870, and it doesn't appear to have been updated since, it felt run down. The atmosphere is lacking, they serve you with paper plates and plastic utensils.  Anything not fried was mediocre.  The crab cakes and deviled crab were oversalted.  They don't serve Heinz Ketchup which seems wrong given both their historical heritage and that they are located about 100 feet away from the Heinz Global HQ in PPG.Would I go back to the Original Oyster?  Sure!  Great portions, low prices, tasty food.  I want to try the "Monster Fish Sandwich" which is supposedly Moby Dick sized (eat it before it eats you!)  But if you're looking for a high end experience with classy atmosphere, this isn't the place.  It's a good bar with good bar food, go in with the right expectations and you'll be well satisfied.
2	I love crab cakes. Whenever they are on the menu I have to order it. I got the crab cake sandwich to feed my need for carbs on carbs. The crab cake tasted fine but in the end it was more filler then it was crab. When I eat a crab cake I want it to mostly be the main event filled with large chunks of crab. Sadly this one didn't do that for me.
5	Outside of maybe Primanti Bros. You really don't get much more Pittsburgh than the Oiriginal Oyster House. The prices are cheap, the food is very good as it the service.
1	This restaurant is horrible.  The waitress was rude and tried to rush us.  The only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind.  How can you call yourself an Oyster House and not serve either fried oysters or raw???  The food overall was ok.  I would never go or eat there again!
3	Worth the visit, if only for a slice of Pittsburgh History.  The buttermilk and oyster is a tradition.  I got the fish boat, and I enjoyed it very much.  The food is mostly made from scratch and the french fries are delicious.It's not fine dining, but it's honest food at a reasonable price.  The restaurant dates from 1870, so it makes it the oldest business in the city.
2	TOURIST TRAP. I found this restaurant online and my hotel room magazine. It had a pretty good number of reviews and apparently the first bar and restaurant in Pittsburgh so I added it to my Pittsburgh dinner options list. It turns out very few people in Pittsburgh or at least in our office actually knew this restaurant. It's an old, tiny restaurant located in the beautiful Market Square. It's so old school they only take cash! The place is called  "Original Oyster House" but ironically they don't serve raw oysters, let alone decent oysters! They only have these mediocre breaded oysters that you can have in your sandwich or by themselves. Everything else is average. There is nothing special about this place except for the fact that it was the "first restaurant" in Da Burgh as supported by the front door sign "historical landmark." If you're looking for good oysters, raw or not, or simply a good restaurant for lunch or dinner, this is definitely NOT the place.
1	The worst most over breaded oysters ever...It's a dive to boot.
3	I ate here today for lunch and it was good. It is not a 4 Star restaurant by no means. They serve food on foam plates and give you plastic utensils. The best thing about this place is the fact that they have good food at a very good price. I dont think you will find a better deal in The Market.
1	We were excited to try the Original Oyster House given its history and nice outdoor seating in market square. We were prepared for foam plates and cash only, which works for a nice lunch outside. Sadly we were disappointed with our meal. Our group of 3 tried the breaded oysters, famous fried fish, beer-battered fish nuggets, and crab cakes with fries and onion rings. Although the portions were generous for being fried, much of the food was soggy due to the excess of grease. We were in an area with a server, but the service was terrible. Our server continually ignored us and frequently forgot items she was supposed to bring to the point that we went inside to get the items ourselves. The food is a good deal if you are willing to overlook the service and like really greasy fried seafood.
3	Seedy and awesome.  This place has been around for years and you can tell it, from the black-and-white pictures hung on the mirrored wall behind the bar to the fading tiles on the floor.I had a crab cake sandwich and it was perfection.  Large chunks of crab on a potato bun with a swish of mayo, lettuce, and tomato slice.  The house-made chips are great, though I didn't get a whole lot of them with my sandwich - probably less than a serving, though I'm okay because the sandwich was so good, you just needed a little crunch to go with it.My boyfriend got the jumbo fish sandwich (not to be confused with the massive fish sandwich) and it was indeed jumbo.  Huge piece of fresh cod on a kaisesr roll.  It was the kind where the ends are hanging off the bun.  I can only imagine the size of the massive sandwich!  The fish inside was tender and the batter was perfectly crunchy and golden.Fresh, delicious fish cooked perfectly.  Our server was super nice and took great care of us.  Definitely put it on your list!
3	Not what I expected!  This place is a Pittsburgh institution.  I expected mahogany and brass, but walked into a tiny diner.Very friendly.  The fish is awesome.  The huge Calimari rings are absurdly tender.  No gumminess at all.  The place is crazy at lunch time, so I never even attempted it until now.  Worked late and still a decent crowd.
5	I love the food here and on a nice day, there is nothing better than eating it outdoors. The combos are great. On my last visit I had the oversized fish sandwich. It was good, but the bun was dry and stale. I wish I'd ordered the oyster sandwich, but next time. They have great slaw and fries and the staff were very friendly and accomodating. Love it!
5	It's a cash only place. Love coming here. Welcoming & great food. It's really old school Pittsburgh - so it's very blue collar kind of atmosphere. Just about everything is fried but is fabulously good. Beer is cheap & a decent selection.
5	A group of friends came here after the Pittsburgh Marathon and must say had a great time. They opened early in order to accomodate the runners and their appetites. (first +)The drinks were priced far below that of the neighboring competition. (Second +)I'm a vegetarian, so most of the menu was off limits for me, but since it was my first visit here i had to try something. Ended up ordering the onion rings and fries - Best i've ever had. (third +)The service was amazing. Mary, the kitchen manager, was beyond wonderful. Kept the food being delivered to the tables, kept the drinks filled, and smiled about it the whole time. The other servers (apologize for not knowing their names) were awesome as well. They treated everyone in our group and others around us wonderfully. (fourth +)Mary has been there for 35 of the restaurant's 144 years, and loves every moment of it. i will definitely be going back to this place for the fun atmosphere.
1	Only has 1 person working and serving the restaurant. Took 15 minutes to be asked if I wanted a drink, another 15 minutes to get a menu after asking for one. Annoying wait, they need to hire more people
5	Some of the best seafood that I have had in a while. Their batter and fryer are awesome and I would recommend it to anyone. Good and friendly service
4	A friendly place with great seafood.  It is cash only. The clam chowder was meaty and creamy.  The onion rings were crispy and so was the fish. A nice place to see local flair
3	I stopped by here this past Thursday night with my fiance for dinner.  We were downtown early for a dance lesson and were looking to kill some time eating dinner.  After entering Market Square we looked at our choices and chose the Oyster House after noting its shaded outdoor seating.  With our decision made, we walked into the Oyster House to get some menus.  The inside of the place consists of a large bar on one side and a line of tables on the other side.  Each table already has on it some hot sauce as well as some vinegar with hot peppers soaking in it.  Soon after we entered we asked the bartender if we could sit outside.  She said yes while giving us some menus and letting us know that the closer we sat to the door, the better service we would have.  With that we headed out the door and sat down in the only shady spot further away from the door.  I did notice that there were two different servers waiting on people outside and figure that was what the bartender was referring to.After a little bit longer of a wait than I would have liked (and wishing we were sitting closer to the door), we were waited on and I ended up ordering the titanic platter while my fiance went with the crab cakes.  My titanic platter consisted of the monster fish sandwich and 2 sides for which I chose the Pittsburgh cut ribbon taters and then I upgraded my second one to the New England clam chowder.  After only a short time both of the clam chowders came out of the kitchen.  It ended up being surprisingly good with a nice creaminess to it and what I think was fish in addition to the clams.  My fish sandwich was also pretty good as the two filets had a nicely cooked thin coating that was crunchy.  The Pittsburgh cut ribbon taters were also a slight disappointment as they were merely potato chips.  I guess I probably should have asked about them instead of just ordering them.  Finally I was also able to taste my fiances Maryland style crab cakes which I did not  think were good at all.  There was not a hint of old bay in them and it had a distinct mayonnaise taste to it.The bottom line for me is that I might be back here in the future.  It's never going to be my fish pick of a restaurant in Market Square but I did really enjoy the fried fish and see myself eating here from time to time.
2	Well I went here with my friends and my 3 year old daughter for a dinner. I ordered the chicken tender platter with a side of fries and we had some calamari. With regards to food,it's so so,I've been with few different places in Pittsburgh that really serves good enough calamari. I've from the Philippines so i know what is good and what's great in terms of calamari. Our server was ok,she checked on us maybe twice,the only thing I can say is that she didn't tell us they only take cash and they don't take cards. I've never seen it somewhere stating they only take cash. I'm a card person. I probably have a buck or two in my wallet coz I use my cards for everything. I have ten credit cards and 2 debit cards in my wallet,good thing I remember my debit card pin,made a withdrawal,paid the atm fee and gave them cash. Imagine a place that's been around since forever and they don't take cards. Are u kidding me? Even mom and pop store accept cards.goodness. I am disappointed. We own a business so I can understand the merchant fees for card transactions but hey,it's part of operating a business. The food was ok but it's not memorable.
4	We just finished the Cajun breaded white fish it was delicious wife had French fries I had fried oysters they where great. but we wanted fried cod and she wanted calamari but they where out of both second time I have been here and where out of signature items that being said both times the item I settled for was delicious. and just in case you have not read the other reviews it's cash only. good place but not in my top favorites. but when it comes to the fish sandwich it comes in second plus reasonable prices.  Not a destination stop but a great second choice.
4	I stopped in for lunch and it was busy-- about 15-20min wait from the time I walked in till I got my order, but let me tell you, it was worth the wait. I had the oyster sandwich, clam chowder, and calamari. The oysters were very tender and I only wished the sandwich had a few more on it, cuz it wasn't very filling. Good thing I had the soup & calamari.. The clam chowder was sinfully delicious, with a heavy cream base and tons of flavor. The calamari was okay, nothing to brag about, but the sandwich and chowder couldn't have been better. The oyster House is split up into two different restaurants next-door to each other.. To the right side is a sitdown restaurant with a bar and the left side is a casual quick stop shop with a counter to order at (which is where I chose to go). The interior is a bit dark & outdated and it doesn't have much of a welcoming atmosphere, but the outdoor tables in Market Square are a great option, weather permitting.
5	Being in town for business my co-worker and I decided on another trip to this eatery. It didn't disappoint us last year and this year was the same.     It's not fancy, we sat at the bar.     I had the Clam Strips with Onion Rings and a Bowl of Clam Chowder. My friend had the Fried Shrimp, Onion Rings and Chowder. The chowder was as good as last year. Rich, flavorful with tender clams and soft potatoes. My clams and my friends shrimp were both perfect. Downed with a Stella and you can't go wrong.     We watch them bring out their next to largest fish sandwich and it was huge. well worth the money. I'll be having it next year with the Chowder.     Don't miss it if you love Clam Chowder.
1	Oyster shooters in a plastic cup. Looked a little dirty. Shooters just tasted like ketchup.
2	This place is defiantly a historic site! From the floor to the table tops to the bathrooms! I love learning about the history of how places came about. Mary the bartender gave me lots of info.......oldest bar, 1st one to let women in, same flooring, etc. The food is frozen so if you're looking for fresh seafood this ain't it! I had one of their famous oysters.  Very good I highly recommend getting only 3 very filling. I had the special crab cakes & 2 sides. Imitation crab & lots of filling. So I don't need to tell you how nasty that was. My house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor. I did notice-after I ordered-everyone was getting the fish sandwich. So I was like dang! I should've ordered that. My return is questionable. If I go back its only going be for the fish sandwich & oysters!
5	This place is absolutely incredible. You walk in and it has the coolest aesthetic, with old pictures of beauty queens and boxers adorning the walls. The food is absolutely astounding as well! There's a lot of options but the classic fish and chips is to die for! And the people who work there so so friendly. Not once have I ever had bad service. One of my favorites!
4	This restaurant is great for anyone in the mood for seafood. The clam chowder is as creamy and flavorful as everyone says it is. The fish and shrimp are very fresh, though the crab cake was nothing special. The place is a historic landmark, and the decor suits the laid-back atmosphere. The service is pretty friendly, too. Overall, I didn't find the experience as bad as others have in the past, and the restaurant is worth checking out.
