5	I think this place used to be a Hampton Inn or something, but did they ever make this place a gold mine for value! When all the posers go to the Mondrian (which probably has the worst hotel rooms for a hotel that charges $150+/night), the smart people go to Hotel Indigo. I believe my friends paid $70/night for a summer weekend! I tell all my friends, who come out here to visit, to get a room at Indigo. Very affordable, free wifi, cool little bar, friendly staff, nice rooms for value, gym, and a nice tv in each room!Yes, the walls are thin. I heard a couple next door go chitty chitty bang bang. I love it when women scream their partner's name in the heat of passion.  It was like play by play. Sorry, I digress. Anyways, If you are going to throw a party in your hotel room, you'll probably be asked to shut up. That's what happened to us. But, for $70/night, it's still a great deal. I think that deal is for the summer so don't expect to pay that in the fall or winter. Honestly, for value, nothing beats Hotel Indigo.
5	$100/night for what seemed like an upscale hotel.  Stayed here for a week while I was out in the area and I would stay here again based on the price (I'm sure my manager appreciates the cheaper expense report) and the features of the hotel.Some features:-LCD Screen in the room-Couch in the room-BRIGHT lights in the bathroom-Free Wireless Internet (will give you a bridge if your laptop doesn't have wireless - like mine)There is a club nearby and if your window is facing that direction, you will hear the music through the windows.  Also, when I visited (back in June) the pool was being renovated so I was unable to try out my new swimming goggles.  Oh and the shower was weird... there was no "door" on one half of the shower so that the water would splash out... kind of hard to explain. And there was also a "hole" on the side where there was glass - I have no idea what that was. See the pics above.  Please let me know what the hell that was all about?!Too bad they don't have many other Hotel Indigos around or they would get more business from me (i.e. my company).
4	Okay, so it's a cute and cheap chain boutique hotel. I agree the price is good enough for the amenities you are getting but that barely makes up for the walls that might as well not even be there. Currently, I can hear the maid emptying trashcans in the room to my left and the screaming child in the room to my right and don't even get me started on the hollering drama queen upstairs going on and on about god knows what at 8:00am this bright Saturday morning (which apparently happens all the time because the front desk didn't sound surprised in the least with my complaints).My significant other calls it the "ikea hotel" but the cheap chic works.  The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about the plethora of clubs within walking distance. Scottsdale Fashion Square is right down the road, restaurants are aplenty and who can complain about the constant perfect weather for lounging by the pool?So it's got personality, but don't count on privacy.(and the hole in the shower/wall is to reach in and turn the faucet on without having to actually get in and do it)
4	Wow this was a nice hotel. But it couldn't be perfect. The elevators or elevator (because only one was working the five days I was there) was slow.. like 5 mins slow.. its only FIVE FLOORS! The wood floors, which I LOVED did echo the footsteps from the people above me, it wasn't too bad, but I did hear it. Sound was the only main problem I had, it seemed like this place, maybe because of the price and location (near a bunch of nightclubs) attracted the partiers, as people were drinking in their rooms till the early morning, and you could hear it in the hallways, and slightly in the rooms. The bathroom with its crazy hole in the shower glass (which only covered 1/2 the shower) was nice, but the toilet seat was loose in my room so everytime I sat down it slid to the left or the right, annoying.BUT, even with my little gripes it was a nice looking place, updated just right, and perfect for the 20-40 year old looking for a ikea-ish place to party it up. I hope more hotels add that fake wood floor, but hopefully they isolate it better to kill the sounds of footsteps.The internet like most hotels suffered from slow speeds and time outs, which I tested on my friends computers in different rooms through-out the hotel. But, it was free.The GYM was nice, weights and machines with TV's.Not great for a romantic stay, but great for a weekend party.
3	This hotel may be more suitable for the 20 something crowd.  My family and I stayed here for Spring Training baseball and it was impossible to sleep at night.  The hardwood floors, although nice to look at make every sound resonate through the rooms - especially high heels at 2 am!  The sound systems in the rooms are great, however, once again, with partiers returning at 2:30 and cranking them up, it was impossible to sleep - even woke our kids who normally sleep through anything.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The pool is very small and one side of the pool area is a mesh screen looking into the parking garage, not very appealing at all.  The location is okay, but not good for walking anywhere, you have to have a car to go out in the evening, the hotel is tucked into a dead end sort of street.  No views whatsoever from the windows, just the back of a night club, or the ugly roof tops of adjacent bulidings.   Very noisey at night when the nightclub does it's clean up... lots of bottles being tossed out noisly for over an hour at 2:30 a.m.  Bed was nice, however the pillows were extremely puffy and way too overfilled with foam for my comfort, ended up sleeping w/out a pillow.. but I'm sure that is a personal preference.  We ended up cutting our stay short and moving elsewhere for the remainder of our weekend.Overall, nice interiors of room, good sound system, friendly staff - but not a place to escape for a relaxing getaway.   Seems like a good place to stay for a wild partying weekend though.
4	My ode to Estelle Getty:Picture this. Scottsdale. Hotel Indigo pool. A middle aged gay man holding a glass of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc runs to make a photo opp at Rickie's fashion show.He didn't realize the three svelt female models with air bags for breasts were nude. Naked. Sin ropa! Nada lotta!Except for their bikini-painted bodies. Yes. Body paint. By the pool. Me. Them. Slippery floor. Slippery glass of wine. As the photo is being snapped, I find myself losing my balance and I think, as I was going down with the wine, I should grab on to someone's clothing. To brace my fall. In front of hundreds. Well. They're nude. There is nothing to grab onto. Me and the wine go down spilling wine on all three of the models.Causing their body paint to start streaking! SNAP goes the photo. Oh. Hotel Indigo? The services? Valet guy parked my car. Hostess greeted me. Bartender overserved me. The models hated me. Good times...
4	I think they should change the name to Hotel Ikea...If Ikea had a hotel, I think it would look like the Hotel Indigo. It is in a great location and is appropriately "boutiquey." I was paying $53 a night, so for my money the staff was friendly enough and the hotel was nice enough. The 24-hr fitness center is nice. The free wi-fi is nice. One problem is that this really seems like a party hotel. Because it is located in party central loud, drunken club-goers wander the halls at all hours of the night looking for their rooms. However, if you are a drunken club-goer this might be the ideal place for you.
4	I loved this place... it was moderately priced, very cute and perfect for a place to crash after a night of drinking in Scottsdale for my birthday. We were able to walk back to a very well lit hotel that was adorable and comfortable. The use of Aveda products was a plus and the bath robe (the most important part) was extremely comfortable. The staff pleasant and check-in/check-out was quick and easy. I would definitely stay there again.
4	dear indigo, don't be intimidated by your hipper and swankier neighbor, hotel W. i like you just the way you are. First, I truly appreciate your modest attempts at being cool at a far lower price. Sure, its obvious that you used to be a indescript hampton inn & it shows with your guestrooms' small windows, their vintage Ramada Inn looking AC units on the floor, and my being able to hear the conversations of the folks in the guestroom above mine. I even find the cranky old elevators kind of kitschy--in a good way. you need to remember what I like about your guestrooms, the huge, cool headboard with LED lighting, the flat screen TV (tho no HDTV like the W), the quality CD/MP3 audio system, funky furniture (even a couch), and hardwood floors. heck, i even like your modest little pool and simple bar. and the fact that you're smack in the middle of old town nightlife is OK with me too.. So, indigo remember--feel good about yourself and ignore your flashy neighbor to the west.
4	Different...I stayed here for the night of my birthday celebration a year ago, and I thought the place wasn't too bad. The pretty good-sized rooms had wooden floor laminates that I wasn't used to in a hotel. it worked out for us since we brought a puppy! I thought the room and decor was very clean and it made me feel very comfortable. If you're looking for a pool; however, this is not the place to stay. The deck could fit about 4 people to lay out comfortably in their loungers. And the size of the pool was awful. I could barely bathe the puppy in it, and he was a 3 pound pomeranian at the time. My experience at the bar was wonderful. I was roaming the place by myself until my guest arrived, and the bartender was really sweet. The weird thing about it though is that the "business center" (two desktops) was set against the wall about 20 feet away from the bar, and another 10 feet away from lounging sofas. After leaving the bar, the bartender had a drink sent up to my roommate for my birthday drink. That's great guest service! I've stayed at 4 other hotels (Hilton Garden Inn, W, Hyatt Summerfield, and Hyatt Place) in the area since and this one is by far my favorite in terms of service and cleanliness.
4	Firstly, I have an important confession to make. I'm quite a drunkard. So, living in Phoenix, it is quite difficult for me as cab fare can be quite expensive, and cops are ready to pounce on foolish prey like me. So, last weekend, my best friend and I decided to have a weekend of debauchery and book a room at Hotel Indigo. I've heard my friends raving over it, so I said to myself, "Why not?" I'm glad that I decided to. From the minute I stepped in, I loved the abstract interior. Hotel Indigo isn't conventional, and I loved that. Another thing that I loved is how inexpensive it is, compared to many other hotels. We were fairly close by to the clubs, and if not, cab fare was inexpensive if we wanted to go to a club that is further down in Old Town. The only gripe I had in my room was the AC seemed to not work that well. However, all in all, I had a great experience. The breakfast that I added in to our hotel room deal was marvelous. My friend and I had fun talking to the guys behind the counter, and when my friend inquired about the theme behind Hotel Indigo, he explained that the paintings are all symmetrical, abiding by Da Vinci's reccuring theme in his paintings. I actually am considering coming back to eat their food. Yummy. I will definitely return to Hotel Indigo when I'm too drunk to drive home to Chandler.
4	"They are who we thought they were!"-Former Cardinals coach Dennis GreenThis is what I think of Hotel Indigo.  A well priced, nicely furnished hotel.  It's not pretending to be a 5 star resort.  But what it aims for, it does well.  A small hotel that is hip and located within walking distance to Scottsdale nightlife.  Free internet, fairly spacious rooms, nice bar/lobby area.  Pool area is a bit small, but again, this place is trying to be a resort.  I'll definitely be coming back.
4	This is the perfect alternative to a 'W' hotel!  This boutique hotel is a great alternative to your Comfort or Quality Inn for the same price!  I landed this hotel for about the same price and got a killer deal.  The place is very modern and hip.  It caters to the tech or younger person who can appreciate the art deco style and flair of the hotel.  The staff was incredibly friendly.  Our flight was not until the late afternoon and the staff allowed us not only to do a late checkout but also to relax at poolside for the rest of the day!  The prices are affordable and the place was clean.  The only minor issue was the fact that the air conditioner in our room lacked the Freon which allowed for cooler air in the room, but that was not the hotel's afault.  Being in Phoenix, AZ, I'm sure all the air conditioner units have been well worked due to the nature hot environment.  Overall it's a good place to be and I highly recommend the place.
1	NEVER AGAIN! (at least not for me...this is a hotel for a different crowd)For me, the best part about this hotel was that happy hour, which lasts until 8 serves $5 glasses of decent wine.  But you can get that without having to stay here overnight.I arrived to work being done on the outside of the hotel - apparently some rain damaged the drywall (huh?) so had to drive around the side to park, where there is nobody to direct you to where the front desk is, or heaven forbid be there to help you haul your bags up a flight of stairs.  Later I learned that the elevator down there wasn't just for parking - it could have taken me to the lobby, so again it would've been nice if there was sombody down there to let a newcomer know what is where.  Not much in the way of hospitality - but then again, this is a glorified Holiday Inn.The lobby is okay in that it's very bright, clean and somewhat hip.  The bar is off to the side where there is also a nice outdoor lounge.  Like other Yelpers, I was a little confused by the two computers in the bar acting as the business center, but whatever.My room was pretty nice.  I liked the retro, mid century look and feel.  This hotel's big selling point was the hard wood floors but in my opinion, the floors were a HUGE mistake.  Firstly, they are cheap laminate, not hard wood and anybody can tell.  But worst of all, the floors make sound travel from room to room!  I was able to hear everything next to me and above me.  And on this random Wednesday night, my floor and the floor above me was an all night party - I mean college kids running up and down the halls like crazy people, doors slamming (and I mean SLAMMING) and what sounded like a game of marbles above my head  This went on until 4 in the morning..  I think that the low price point and hipsterish feel here makes it the perfect place for a twentysomething crowd, but not a business traveler like me.  Free internet and parking does not make up for the circles under my eyes.  So bottom line is, if I were 22 and partying with my friends, this would be a fantastic hotel.  For work or a romantic weekend in Scottsale, notsomuch.
4	Make no bones about it, this is the eye of the storm when it comes to party hotels in Scottsdale... Indigo is surrounded by no less than 38 relatively high-profile bars, restaurants, and nightclubs within stumbling distance which has it's plusses and minuses... Let's start with the plusses: The entire staff is incredibly friendly. You won't find any sarchasm here. The heated pool is excellent. The communal lobby/bar is excellent, especially if you know about the hidden door. The isolated work out room is amazing, and hardley ever used. The shuttle service is beyond par.The minuses: On busy weekend nights, the entire building is surrounded by a maelstrom of activity until right around 3:00am... I spied security guards from some of the surrounding nightclubs smoking crack in the alcoves, and the noise level, while ignoreable is constant. The hallways, especially in the morning are very active, and the doors seem like they were designed to slam very loudly. The food in the restaurant is bearable, but is nothing special. The patrons all seem to expect this, and with the website name, how could you not understand the concept? The rooms are for the most part quite clean, although the grout in the bathrooms needs more maintenance. The shower in the "disabled" room that I saw had a bathtub with rails instead of a walk-in shower, which seemed backwards from most other "disabled" rooms I've ever had the pleasure to stay in.If you're a hipster, this place is totally for you. if you're not, go stay at the Hilton down the street... Although I've stayed there, and was really annoyed there to the nth's degree in comparrison...
3	Very metro not the highest quality but it works. Not the funnest area for young couples but not horrible either. Oh yeah the bathroom mirrors have a circular light around them that make your eyes look crazy.
3	Getting a flight and a room bundled for me and my girl turned out to make financial sense, as we had more money to try all the great food and drink in this town. That should be the priority of any trip in my book. At $85 bucks a night, I'm sure it was a steal for such a great location.At certain moments, I loved the Indigo, and at other points I was frustrated and disappointed.The best thing about this hotel was the location, hands-down. Although we were the only pedestrians in this whole friggin' city 95% of the time, we didn't care, because we walked everywhere and saved a fortune on cab fare. Within a mile radius, I bet there are over 100 restaurants and bars and Scottsdale Stadium.The king-size bed was reasonably comfortable, but the lumpy pillows made it hard for me to sleep very well. Honestly, my head is a diva because it gets to sleep on nothing but goose down at home, so I can't expect the bomb pillows at $85 a night.Noise turned out to be the biggest issue at pretty much every hour. Staying on the north wing of the hotel, we were fortunate enough to have the pool blaring Cat Stevens and Rod Stewart at 8:00 in the morning through the west window. The patio bar was about 10ft from that window and that stays open until 2 on the weekends.Similarly, because of the open corridor on the east side of the room, we were able to hear the recycling and trash being being dumped at 7:00 AM, as well as deliveries on the loading dock.The upstairs neighbors were keeping us up at all hours because of the hardwood floors they have.So, when you add it up, that's no more than about 3 hours of uninterrupted sleep, when I went to bed at 4 with my upstairs neighbors. Unacceptable.The next issue was with the housekeeping service. I don't know what trip she was on, but she refused to refill our toilet paper roll. We used most of the half-roll communist-block-grade single ply paper by the first morning, only to find that the paltry remains were left with no backup roll. Not to worry, we'll just transition into kleenex and surely get refilled on the second morning...wrong. She took the empty roll but didn't put a new one on there. WTF? I had to call the front desk and beg them for some mountain money. I thought they were supposed to come and fold it into a little triangle. What happened to that?I give the pool 2 stars...in fact it could only be worse if it was 12" deep and filled with baby piss. But unfortunately, the 90 degree heating made it feel like piss, and the 5 foot depth was busch league. The location made it see sunshine from about 12-4 because of its small size, high walls and building surrounding it. Also, they only drop towels off once a day, so if you come later, you are likely to be assed-out of having a clean towel.They are definitely understaffed in the bar, and I feel sorry for the bartender and the 40:1 customer to bartender ratio on a Friday afternoon. Also, it would be nice to have some tropically cocktails available...I mean doesn't it get 12 million degrees there in the summer? Some beer on tap would be nice as well, although I give them props for serving Peroni.At the price, I guess we can't expect the Four Seasons, but it would be nice to sleep 6 hours and wipe my ass with impunity. I suppose I would stay there again if we could stay in an interior room and be freed from extreme ass rag rationing.
4	The rooms are very nice.  The staff is down-to-earth and very accommodating.  The location is great, if you are hanging out in the Scottsdale area.  The lounge is pleasant and the bartenders are great.  The food's not very good.
2	There seem to be mixed reviews for this place and maybe it depends on the time of the year. But for my next stay in Scottsdale I won't be giving Hotel Indigo another shot. We had a few problems like....Our reservation: Our reservation was mixed up and my dad and I were given one bed. (Yikes) The person at the front desk explained that there must have been confusion with Expedia and that unfortunately because it was a busy weekend due to spring training the hotel was all booked and he had no rooms available with two beds. OK fine, I can understand that. Sometimes shit just happens and its out of your control. But what really got me was that he quickly added that they didn't have any cots or extra bedding available. So basically we paid a double room rate for one of us to sleep on the couch with a couch pillow and a bed runner as a blanket. Great...The shower: It was broken. Plain and simple. The shower head didn't work at all so we had to use the hand held extension which had little to no water pressure and because there were no extra rooms available we were SOL. The pipes also sounded like they were going to bust at any second. The noise was so loud through the wall that you couldn't even hear the TV if someone was showering. Which leads me to....The noise: People seemed to be running (literally) around at all hours and who knows what the people above us were doing but it sounded like they were teaching tap dance lessons. The walls are so thin that you can hear everything everywhere. I mean I could literally hear the guy in the room next to us word for word explaining on the phone to his wife all the charges made to their joint expense account including a rather large bar tab at the Rusty Spur. Dude was in the dog house for sure. We also happened to be on the pool side of the hotel as well so I woke up every morning to Sheryl Crow "Soak Up The Sun "blasting from the pool speakers which isn't exactly what I'd like to wake up to every morning (especially after sleeping on the couch)It is a super cute hotel with a posh little interior but for what it is, definitely not worth the weekend rates. Why pay boutique hotel rates for what essentially is a college dorm disguised by modern decor and ikea furniture.
3	The best way to describe this hotel is by saying it is a typical boutique hotel. Swanky decor that is not always the most practical or functional and cool looking accessories that are not really that necessary.While it's not located in the heart of downtown Scottsdale we found it to be a pretty reasonable walk. It is a little isolated so we had to walk through dark areas on our journey home after dinner, but it seemed okay.This place is not for those who are looking for a quiet hideaway as it is situated right next to what seemed to be a pretty popular bar and the walls do not prevent you from hearing your neighbors coming home at 3 am. On one hand this could be a positive if you're looking for a place that's not going to give you a hard time for being a little rowdy but on the other hand if you're looking for a night of uninterrupted sleep, it might not be your place.Overall we thought this was a decent place. If we get another great deal like we did this time we'd definitely be back.
4	I've been here twice (once on business and once with my wife) and had a great stay both times.  It's like staying at a poor man's W.  That's not a bad thing.  I'll definitely be back.Location: In a sparsely populated part of town, but just a couple blocks from tons of bars and clubs.  Great location for partying.  It's also a close walk to Scottsdale Stadium (for spring training), Old Scottsdale, the mall, etc.  It's actually just about three blocks from the W, so the real estate guys of the two hotels had the same thing in mind.Atmosphere: Trendy, swanky interior with lots of color, pergo floors, and full wall photos in the rooms.  Rooms: Good sized rooms with a couch, desk, and comfortable bed.  The set up isn't that good for people doing hard-core business work, but otherwise is fine.  On my first trip my bathroom was enormous (must've had an upgraded room) but this time it was pretty standard.  My room did look a little worn this time with some scuffs and scratches to the furniture, but nothing major.  Do note that the walls are a bit thin.  The room wasn't loud enough to hear conversations next door, but I could hear the whoosh of the toilet next door flushing.  I asked for an upper floor and got a room on the top floor overlooking the pool and with a view of the distant mountains.Room-service: Had room service breakfast on my first trip.  The food arrived quickly and was pretty good.  They have a thing where you can order your food via phone and then pick it up if you want to save on room service fees.Value: The rack rates are a bit high, but if you can get a special (or if your work is paying) it is well worth it.
4	What a wonderful Yelp find!!In last-minute fashion, I scoured yelp for a cute boutique hotel in Scottsdale. Hotel Indigo was running a special, and when I compared it to other local hotels, this place is as bud-quality-get (quality within budget) as they come! Just to give you an idea: it was 60% less expensive than The W and Hyatt.Location: Centralish Scottsdale within walking distance of A LOT! Quiet neighborhood (what in Scotts isnt?), with good views depending on your room. Service: Friendly, fast, casual and comfortable. Bar: Deliciously packed and very well served. I had a cocktail or two on a Monday night, and really enjoyed the free shot (some sports team won?) after a few glasses of wine. Amenities: I never got to the gym (shocker), but the Pool was amazing! I repeat: AMAZING! Heated, empty, and a great way to spend the afternoon with my squirrel-friend.Room: I stayed on the 4th floor in a room with a sunset view. I thought it was styled interestingly enough for a hotel. It felt less homey and more modern, which I like in hotels. Things I really liked: The light built into the headboard (note: switch is on the headboard), the hole in the shower to hang your towel/bathing suit, the circular mirror, the oversized cacti painting that turned the room green during the sunset, wall-sized window, FREE WIFI! :DI have two complaints, but neither were deal-breakers and I don't recommend you let them get in your way. 1) I could hear the people next door, and for a fairly empty hotel, I was disappointed I wasn't given a more secluded room away from other guests. 2) The bed was less comfortable than other local hotels (Read: The W). The pillows more than made up for it, as that's my ultimate deal breaker. Overall: great quality at an amazing price! For the business traveler needing somewhere to set-up shop, or the leisure traveler looking for a sheikh yet affordable stay.
4	Great first impression.  It's definitely a beautiful, trendy hotel.  Service- fantastic. Front desk guy James was very nice and welcoming.The next night when I lost my key, Alicia was even nicer.  I'm a sucker for customer service.Rooms- very nice and comfortable. Can definitely hear the people next to me though. Environment- recommend adult get away or girls/guys night out. I'm here with my kids, so I have to make sure they aren't in the hallways or elevators late. Not to discourage families, we ended up staying another night, just know this is a trendy hotel that is perfect for adults.Location- very close to downtown and old town. We walked to the restaurants and movies at the mall.
2	I stayed here last week at the recommendation of a friend. I needed a place for Friday and Saturday thought it would be nice to hangout around Old Town for the weekend. The location is good, price was great, lobby's nice, room is trendy, but you could see where they cut some corners. I had a friend that was going to be arriving at the hotel before, so I arranged for her to be able to check in with the front desk. They had me fax over my credit card and driver's license and assured me she would be able to check in no problem. They failed to see that I had an authorization already on file and made her supply a credit card. The walls are thin. I could very clearly hear the people in the room next door. Match this up with me getting yelled at in the elevator by the overnight front desk guy because there we're some other people riding up and down in the elevator. It sullied my overall experience. They also authorized my card for an additional $75 on top of the room cost and incidentals.
4	I can't believe I have not written a review of The Indigo yet! I have stayed here twice in the past couple of months and have loved it! First of all the staff, especially those at the bar are awesome! So friendly and fun! The hotel is just as posh and happening as you can ask for, but it is so much more affordable! Both times I have stayed here with my girlfriends we have payed $80.00 for a Friday or Saturday! So because we have four crazy girls in our room we each pay twenty each! Way better deal than a creepy cab ride I think! And I stumble in straight out of all the clubs and bars that are right outside the door! Seriously, I stumble. I need a detox from my recent stays there because I tend to say "Oh who cares, I've got a room at Indigo!" Way to many shots or drinks those nights!Of course back to the subject of the review. Indigo is modern, clean, and happening!  I WOULD NOT recommend it for a family vacation or anyone looking for some R&R! Most people staying there do so because of it's convenient location for all Old Town Scottsdale has to offer!
4	A great little hotel for the price, near enough to everything you want to do in Old Town Scottsdale.  We got our room for $44/night...yes, $44/NIGHT!!!!!  An unbelievable deal because my bf is a firefighter (not sure how often they do this promotion, but it's 50% off for police/military/firefighters/etc...amazing!)This is a little off the beaten path in Old Town, but definitely still in walking distance of a lot of bars and restaurants, not to mention really close to Fashion Square.  The rooms are modern and comfortable.  Could they be nicer?  Sure, but for the price it's as nice as it gets.  The terrace and pool area were nice and the service was fantastic.Loved the Aveda toiletries, and LOVED that my pooch stayed free...a great touch that is popping up at a lot of these boutique hotels.  My sole complaint about the Hotel Indigo is the insufficient air conditioning in the room.  They have the standard little unit near the window like most hotels, except for some reason they stuck it under a desk and it couldn't cool worth a darn.  The coldest we could ever get it in the room was 79 degrees, and that was with the window shade down at 6:00 a.m.Overall, a very convenient stay and one I will definitely do again.  Oh...and if you're a Priority Club member, you get a free drink coupon when you check in.  Score!!
3	Pros - Gorgeous hotel, very close to the "Old Town" area, friendly staffCons - Because it is next to a new club, there is a VERY loud thumping bass sound until 2 am (and then the ensuing sounds of bottles clanging at 3 am during cleanup)Overall it's a great place to stay if you can get a room that's not on the club side of the hotel, but the night I stayed I was sandwiched between the club and a battle of the bands on the other side.  Because my hotel rate was part of a wedding it was low already ($89 a night) and so they were not willing to give me anything to compensate me for my unpleasant two nights of sleep except for $20 credit to their restaurant (which was worthless, as I was heading out to a family brunch and then checking out, and will probably not stay there again).It's unfortunate that a nice and reasonably priced hotel has been so affected by a noisy new club next door, but it's the hotel's problem to fix, not the consumer's to endure.
4	I'm staying at Hotel Indigo the next six nights, and I'm more than okay with that!This boutique hotel is beautiful and has been a gracious host thus far. The entrance to Hotel Indigo is a little confusing because you walk in a door that's on the floor below the lobby and there's nothing really down there... I felt like I walked into the wrong door... but then figured out where I was and was able to check in up at the desk. I showed up around 11am but they had a room ready which was a total lifesaver.The room's gorgeous and has hardwood floors which just feels so much cleaner than typical hotel carpet. It also has an awesome couch by the window which has been a great work spot for me. The bed/pillows/blanket situation is my favorite part of the room and I got the most amazing nap ever in after arriving! It's definitely going to be hard to get up in the morning...I love the bar area, and I love the outdoor attached patio even more. The lady who was working the bar during the day today was not friendly at all, but the night staff I saw down there this evening looked really fun & attentive. The menu (same down at bar as the room service menu) is just okay and the two items I had (hummus and a salad) were just so-so. I bet there wine is okay, though... considering finding that out for myself!Only cons are the thin walls and the noise outside as many yelpers have noted... I hear lots of girls screaming and laughing, so apparently something funny is going on out there. Also, one of the elevators here is really shady and sometimes the doors don't open when you get to your floor until you press the button again, which caused a brief moment of panic for me. All in all a great place!
3	This hotel has some great features. The best being the staff and the fire pit in the bar. I was traveling on biz w a group and we discussed these pitfalls:  water does not drain in shower. That's a mega cringe for me. The toilet paper is one ply...why? The shower has glass 1/2 door and the shower head that large disk thing which I guess people like?  I don't. It has one speed and a wide throw and soaks the floor so when you get out of the 2" of water in the shower you're stepping into more wet floor.  Ewe. Bed and pillows suck. Parking on the weekends is a joke. They rope off hotel spaces to the club next door...what the what? We were there for 8 nights...should have a space reserved! Why doesn't the state of AZ have a recycling program? Bartender told me he tried to feet it started and failed. Slightly noisy because of wood floors. Otherwise...good spot and with the right peeps, easy to overlook the problems.
4	Day one at the Hotel Indigo and so far, so good. I was able to check in with no problem early in the afternoon and the ladies at the front desk were very pleasant. One thing I noticed was that the lobby was eerily quiet. Some nice ambient music wouldn't have hurt - it made it feel like I should be whispering. The room is your standard modern hotel, but I can tell they're making an effort to be a bit unique and funky. I like the big green painted mural and the random explanation of what a haiku is on the back of the room service menu. I'm also currently using their cool stereo alarm clock contraption, which easily hooks up to your iPod or iPhone. I did notice the furniture was a bit bumped and scratched. Nothing major, but not the most immaculate room I've ever come across. Luckily for me, this room's being paid for by my work so I can't speak to what a good value it is compared to the price, but looking at the other reviews it looks like they're pretty affordable. So I guess, then, it's ok that the shower tiles are not absolutely spotless. Especially since they have Aveda products in there!The other thing is the free wifi - was very excited to see that it's free and unlimited. But after a couple of hours it didn't work anymore. I hope it's back up and running soon! I may have some updates if something crazy happens in the next few days I'm here, but my initial reaction is a good one. Looking forward to making this my home away from home this week!
4	Hotel Indigo, you're pretty good. I'm feeling concise today, so thought my review would best be expressed by list.Let's start with the high points:1) Simple yet artful decor. At first I was taken aback, but I've come to grow to love the close-up cacti wallpaper (think, electron microscope close) in my room. 2) Large rooms. The closet space is a tad cramped for my liking, but it works. Although I don't totally get the arm hole in the glass wall of the shower (presumably so you don't get wet when turning it on), it's cool to look at. 3) Pretty tasty breakfasts, actually. A group of us bombarded the kitchen with a mass order this morning, and they cooked everything up reasonably fast and delivered it to our conference room. So, thumbs up for the croissant breakfast sando. And the lowlights:1) I love Aveda products but what is up with the scent of the hand lotion? Sniff the bottle: bliss. Slather it on your body: smell like industrial cleaning product.2) Although I like the look of the wooden floor (or faux wood) in the guest rooms, the person above me is up promptly at 6 a.m. every day stomping around in stilettos and it's pretty loud and clear. 3) Drinks at the bar are expensive. $8 for a short vodka soda? $10 for a glass of wine? Are you sure we are in Scottsdale and not some ritzy bar in Vegas?When all is said and done, I'd most likely stay at this hotel again when I'm in the area. Not bad. Not bad at all!
4	I'd say a 3 and 1/2It's definitely not a hotel that a bunch of your buddies can crash on the floor of. Well... they can, but it won't be very comfortable due to the fact that they're all hard wood. Be prepared if you do have visitors because they're certain to invade the extremely comfy beds by comparison. The rest of the room is ok I guess.  Even though the suite didn't exactly dazzle me as a whole it's bathroom was much more spacious than the normal units. I don't think I'd justify paying for an upgrade because they are pretty much the same though. The staff of the place was altogether was pleasant and always answered questions with a smile. The gym, although tiny, had new equipment and enabled me to get a decent work out in even though doing so from hotels is usually pretty difficult. One last weird thing I noticed was a strange swishing sound in the room that happened every couple of hours. I'm not exactly sure what it was, but I think it may have had something to do with it being a green hotel. Gotta love saving the planet so even though it woke me up I gotta give it an extra half star.
4	Quick update: I just have to give Hotel Indigo a shout-out for helping me this morning.Called a cab at 8 a.m. for 8:45 pickup to the airport. At 9 a.m. I'm still standing around in the lower lobby waiting for said cab to show up, even after 2 phone calls. Suddenly an SUV pulls up and offers us a ride - in a non-creepy way of course, he was a legit service - so we can get to the airport as scheduled. Why? Apparently someone from the hotel saw us standing around and called the car for us. High five, Hotel Indigo.
3	Two words. Banana. Peel. Let me set it up for you. After the first of the year I decided I was going to eat six protein packed meals a day. In Scottsdale for a recent work gathering I packed some fruit in my bag to help me get the day started off on the right note. A day in to my stay and HI, I downed a banana, and rather than put the slippery peel in the garbage can so housekeeping would have to wipe out the can, I placed it on a dirty napkin and next to some dirty silverware I used the day prior. I returned to the hotel at about 5:15 and much to my surprise the banana peel was still there. Odd. Right? I went down to the desk, asked whether or not the rooms get "cleaned" or if housekeeping just changes the sheets...towels...etc...and she said that it was weird that somebody wouldn't remove the peel, napkin, and silverware. On my way out to dinner she said she'd alert housekeeping and I was on my merry way. Back from dinner and drinks it's certain to be gone, right? Nope. Still there. Slept through night, asked again in the morning, and I was told housekeeping leaves at a certain time so it was likely they left for the day. To which I thought, send someone else! Not pleased.In addition, my room  was really loud, had a stale almost mildewy sort of odor and wasn't too impressive compared to other places I've stayed in Scottsdale.Know Before You Go:Check prices at Hotel Valley Ho or Kimpton Firesky, it might be worth the extra dough for a room with more character and a more attentive staff.
4	Not a little bit country, not a little bit rock & roll (Donnie and Marie, hollah!), and well, not at all quite corporate, Hotel Indigo has a sleek, hip vibe all around while being very comfortable and accessible to those of us who don't necessarily like staying at a larger chain hotel (Hotel Indigo is, however, part of the IHG, Intercontinental Hotel Group). A major reason why I'm so generous with my stars here is that the bathroom mirror makes you always look good. Can I get one in my house, please? I can't emphasis enough how your whole frame of mind changes when you look into a mirror and think, "damn, my skin looks great!" whether that's at 3 in the morning or 7 in the evening (let's add on to that: wow, my eyes sparkle and do I detect a shimmer in my hair?) OK, so maybe there's some kind of hocus pocus going on in that mirror because I rarely, if ever give four stars to a hotel.Rooms are well-appointed, the wood panel floors are nice and the bed, bedding and pillows made for a good night's sleep. It's also spacious enough, with a couch and coffee table area. I *loved* the outdoor patio that is off the bar. There's a fire going on out there, along with heating lamps. A real treat for those of us who hail from cities where cold winters are a source of our discontent. The bar itself is comfy and nice, only complaint being that the prices are that of what you'd expect in a New York City bar (8 bucks for a Three Olives cocktail? 8-10 bucks for a glass of average wine?). Oh and that pool! It glows in different colors at night. There was a night when I sat on the patio (which overlooks it) and it was just a really cool effect. I think that the deck is a major draw to staying here. And because it's the desert, no effin' mosquitoes, so you can sit out here all night if you want.Staff is accommodating and sweet, especially the gals who worked during the day in the bar/restaurant during the week and on Saturday. The bartenders during the week were really cool, too. Not sure why this bar closed at 11pm on a Thursday. Major bummer. I guess it's a slow time of year. I just wish they could be consistent, as the night before the bar closed at midnight (and when I asked the front desk how late the bar was open, I was told midnight). I'm a big fan of rain showers and the water pressure was decent (until someone flushed a toilet). The hard water stains by the drain were kind of icky to have to look at...someone needs to go at the grout with a toothbrush. Also curious why they have those cards out that say they are a green hotel, but my towels were changed daily (I hung them up as directed). I can see changing out the washcloths but it's a bit excessive to change out the towels. Also worth noting that no hotel seems to practice what they preach on those cards.One drawback to the hotel is that the gym is TINY. As in, two treadmills, two elliptical machines (one of which wasn't working) and one bike. The weight room, also tiny, has a good amount of free weights. I was thankful that Hotel Indigo didn't seem to have any other business travelers because working out in the early morning would have been impossible.I am also not such a fan of the dreary meeting room on the fifth floor, either. What's up with that? I kept looking up at the black ceiling with exposed vents with despair, although I was hardly in a desperate situation. Not to mention, there's a lack of any natural light and ugh, I can't see anyone wanting to spend time in there, even when surrounded by the most entertaining and coolest colleagues (the Yelp CMs, of course).Bath products are by Aveda (Rosemary mint shampoo and conditioner. Tiny bars of soap, which I'm not a fan of (shower gel, please!) and an unappealingly scented lotion. They are not generous with replenishing the products. This wouldn't be a big deal if this were not a hotel owned by the Intercontinental, but when the Westin and W replenish your products daily, you have to wonder why the Intercontinental is cutting corners in this way. If you're going to call something a "boutique" hotel, then bring on the amenities. As others mention, if you're sensitive to noise, you might not want to stay in this hotel (or in Scottsdale). The hotel kindly provides bedside ear plugs, however. None of the above mentions are a deal breaker though, just worth noting. I'm a fan of this hotel and look forward to staying here again in the future. Then again, this could be just the mirror talking...
4	Rather than discuss the reasons the reasons it didn't make five stars, I think the right approach here is to discuss why this was pushed over the three star mark.1) No banana peels for me. That is to say, housekeeping was efficient each day and was efficient without ever being obtrusive.2) Fireplace on the patio. Um, the fact that I sat on the patio--any patio--in the middle of winter brings a tear of joy to my eyes. They have a nice patio on the lobby level just off of the bar and it was vooonderful. Late night drinks or afternoon apps. Awesome.3) Comfy, roomy room. All that you need, nothing that you don't. Modern in their design and sensibilities. Not overflowing with character, but cool enough.4) Nice staff. Very smiley gang who helped get everyone settled in and not a bad experience from the bartender to the folks who got us squared away on a conference room, to the front desk who got me a cab ASAP when it was time to go.Some notes- I'm a serious not-fan of you website. Oh, the design is fine. I'm just talking about the actual URL. Seriously, when you call yourself a "hip hotel" it sort of undermines what hipness you have. Just a thought. Not the quietest hotel I've been to. Some in our group had a water "whooshing" sound in their room. I kept hearing club music all night. I'm willing to say that because I was on the same floor as the lobby, there may be quieter places in the hotel. Just keep that in mind and I'm sure they'll accommodate requests as best they can.Completely satisfactory.
4	Someone forgot to tell Hotel Indigo about the fine art of subtlety. You can tell this the moment you see the URL for the site: hiphotelscottsdale dot com. Guess that's one way to do SEO, eh? With that said, it's not the hippest hotel ever. It's a cute-ish boutique-ish hotel, but hip? Meh. It does the signature of every hotel that wants to be considered hip: something weird and annoying in the bathroom. Not sure what it is about these designers, but every hip hotel has something stupd about the bathroom.The stupid thing in the bathroom at Hotel Indigo: the gigantic shower with just one door. It's tough to describe, but as hip as they may think it is - it's damn annoying. With a shower that doesn't close all the way - it's near impossible to stay warm. *sigh* Silly designers.Other than that... it does the trick. Blackout curtains, comfy beds, and some scary contraption to plug your iPod into. What else could a traveler looking for hiphotelscottsdale dot com ask for? Oh yeah - a shower that closes.
3	In the vein of retro hip. My review is a bit tainted because I've also stayed at The Hotel Valley Ho, which is so much cooler. Rooms are modern and decent sized. My sheets were a bit on the scratchy side, but overall the bed was comfy with lots of pillows (huge plus in my book).  The bathroom had a very cool round mirror that was ringed with light - which made me look way better than the hideous mirror in the hallway with overhead lighting that made me look tired and old.  The shower had a cool factor - the hole in the glass so you can turn on the shower.  The shower head is above you (unless you're really tall) so it's like rain.  They also had a wooden bench, but I wondered about the cleanliness of that bench so didn't use it - not even to put my foot on.The bar was limited, like their limited menu and dining area.  The bartender however, was quite friendly and very helpful in pointing us to a fabulous restaurant just a few blocks away (see my review on the Culinary Dropout).  One word of warning.  They supply you with ear plugs on the night stand next to the bed with a note saying that the noise from the surrounding area may keep some people up at night.  Thankfully there were no party goers on Tuesday night so I didn't need them.
4	From the reviews I read before booking I was a little skeptical on staying here. But now from experience, I can comment on their reviews shame.A  few words of advise:1) If you don't like to be in the middle of club central and party and stay up late... aka are old and have young children-- Don't Stay Here.A lot of the complaints about this had to do with noise, if you researched the area surrounding the hotel you would find that it's all bars and clubs--- what do you expect.2) I can hear you through the vent in the bathroom! Could be used to some amusement purposes.3) You don't need to worry about parking! Yes the clubs get busy at night especially on the weekends but there are spots reserved for Hotel Indigo stayers and if they have been taken the hotel pays for your vallet. 4) The housekeepers are great. No problems there. I went with all my belongings and came back with them all too.5) Cabs are super easy to get from the location. Most of everything is within walking distance. 6) Hardwood floors = amazing instead of carpet.7) Hint: If you crank up the air conditioner/heat at night you don't hear any of the noise! It's great.Our overall experience was great. No problems here. Would definitely stay here again.
4	A good hotel, a bit loud but that's the price you pay to have a hotel in the heart of it in downtown Scottsdale.  I'd love to stay here again.
5	My parents live in Scottsdale so a few times a year my husband and I drive over from San Diego to visit.  We love staying here, the staff is super friendly and this is the most pet friendly hotel I've ever stayed in. We have 2 well behaved dogs, 70 lbs and 85 lbs, and couldn't be happier with our stays.  The hotel never charges a pet deposit, other hotels I've stayed at charged a $50-$150 non-refundable deposit. We typically get the suite, there isn't a huge difference between that and the regular room but it's only a $10 difference and I think the bed is a little softer.  There are grassy spots across the street for the dogs and I can't stress enough how friendly the staff is. We've stayed here several times over the past few years and really haven't had an issue with the noise.  They do supply ear plugs but I've never had a need for them, mind you the hotel is right by a few clubs and drunk people can get loud but I've never had an issue when the balcony door is closed. The room itself looks a bit like something out of Ikea but I'm more concerned about my dogs and a comfy bed. The shower is a bit funky but I don't have anything bad to say about it.  The bottom line is, if you want a reasonably priced pet friendly hotel this is the place to go.
4	This is the third time I have stayed here and I will return again in the future. The staff is friendly. The hotel is in a great location. The room is cute and comfortable. The shower is still odd...no door, hole in the glass...ummm hard to explain, you just have to see it. And It is still a party hotel, but now they supply earplugs with your room...I guess it is one solution to the problem. They have free wi-fi which is awesome! A Continental Breakfast was included with our room which was very nice and included coffee, yogurt, juice, and a bagel, muffin, scone, or toast. Overall the hotel is a nice place and they usually have good room rates. It is within walking distance of the mall, many restaurants, and a multitude of clubs. FYI, parking is a major issue on the weekends.
5	A hip and trendy hotel. I stayed here with the bf this past weekend. We arrived early at 11am on Saturday and they welcomed us into our room immediately! (we didn't even have to wait for the 3pm check-in) :-D I instantly noticed the sultry house music playing throughout the hotel-extra points! I love house music and it set a great ambiance! The room was spacious enough for 2 people, bed was sooo comfy we took multiple afternoon naps. The staff was super friendly and always very helpful; they even knew me by my last name, and greeted me every time I passed by the lobby, which I thought was a great personal touch. The bartenders are also really nice, love to chat with the patrons and can make a great cocktail. It didn't hurt that they serve happy hr from 4-7 either! The hotel is definitely for the younger, partying crowd. Which I didn't mind because I knew I wanted a trendier hotel with a great location to restaurants, bars, clubs, and shopping. On Saturday nights, you can hear the partiers on the street level, even from our room which was located on the top floor; but the hotel provides earplugs and I usually fall asleep to the tv anyway, so it didn't bother me. The pool was my only disappointment--it's very small and only has a limited amount of lounge chairs for tanning. I had to go down and check every hour for 3 hours to see if there was an empty lounge chair I could lay on. I recommend going to the pool early to snag a chair otherwise you'll be SOL like me. Overall, I enjoyed my stay here. It was easily comparable to my stay at the W-Scottsdale last year, if not better, and most definitely better than the Theodore (formerly the James Hotel) down the road. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to my friends looking for a fun and hip vibe.
4	Can't beat the location. Right in old town, walking distance from a ton of great bars/restaruants/clubs so you can easily stumble back to your room after a night of bar hopping drunken-ness. I got a great room rate using hotwire- SCORE!Service- funny & friendlyParking- close to entrance, and free of course (Love you Arizona for that!)Cleanliness- very cleanAmbience- very cool, modern, trendy, fun & relaxing.workout area- nice, each elliptical & treadmill had its own tv. They even provide headphones, water, towels, and hand sanitizer.Also had free wifi. Overall- doesn't suck...doesn't suck at all. I'd love to come back here.
5	Our experience at Hotel Indigo was superb. The check-in process was personalized and efficient. The room itself was great! By far the highlight was the bartender. He was everything you want in a good bartender. My buddies were all in town for a little college reunion, and the bar saw a lot of our faces. He remembered us everyday, and what we drank. He knew how to make a good cocktail, and provided plenty of witty bartender banter. HIGHLY recommend it.
3	My Dad flew into town for the first time to visit me and got a great deal on a flight and hotel...I may know why now....First off when my Dad told me he was staying here I thought it was closed down but I guess it was reopened under new management about two years ago. The decor and room were all nice and it is super centrally located to all the Old Town offerings. When we arrived late on a Friday my Dad went to check-in and the hotel bar was going crazy. However the lady helping us couldn't find his reservation, was rude and honestly seemed like she could careless. Finally another employee came over to help who was very helpful and we got on our way. The rooms are a nice size and modern. The rooms look like a college kid got his parent credit card and went nuts at Ikea! But overall nice looking and comfortable. The downside to the upside of the location is how loud the place is. They even have a sign next to the bed that states something like "Its gonna get loud here so here is a complimentary set of ear plugs..."So I would recommend this place for people looking to party or dont mind the noise
4	Name: JeffRoom: 503Age: 47Occupation: CEOTime @ Hotel: 6 daysBottom line up front, I recommend this hotel.  As long as one knows what experience one would like to create, the Indigo is an awesome, fun place to stay.  The Indigo IS -                           Affordable (Especially for Scottsdale)                          Extremely well located if you are looking for lots of great food and night life                          Friendly - Staff was awesome especially Blu and Matt                          Efficient                          International - I met folks from Mexico, France, Ireland, and Holland                          Comfortable - beds, pillows, sitting area, pool... all A+                          Accommodating - There was no request that wasn't handled with a smile                          Active - great gym, lots of walking opportunity, pool and Old town close                          Modern - WiFi, free cont. breakfast, bar, local transport, fax/printerThe Indigo IS NOT -                            Brand new - it has some wear on it, but the staff does a good job of keeping it clean.  My only negative comment is that the bathroom fixtures were not made for the vanity on which they were connected and were very lose.                             Quiet - If you are looking for a quiet getaway with no distractions or you are a light sleeper that goes to bed at 8pm, you may want to look into The Cave Creek Resort, The Boulders or go to Sedona.  The Indigo is surrounded by the best nightclubs and restaurants in the Southwest..  and when I say surrounded I mean across the parking lot on all sides for several blocks deep... Thursday through Sunday you will definitely hear bass into the weeee hours of the morning.  I knew this going in, so I requested a higher floor room and brought my wave sound generator / ear plugs.  I had absolutely no issues.The great thing about the Indigo is its people.  They were all very open, positive and responsive to everyone's needs or concerns.  I requested a local spa... they did the research, gave me options and set up the time.  The staff were all Scottsdale experts and when I requested to chat with the Manager, he immediately made himself available and was a true gentleman. This was for me a serious business trip that turned into a fun mini vacation solely due to the Indigo.  Thank you all !!!
3	Love the staff here. Only issue is noise. Bars around make a lot of racket. Hallway noise is also an issue. They provide you with a set of ear plugs next to your bed though.
4	I had a great experience here when I stayed for 3 nights at the end of January. Ben and Matt the bar tenders were very personable and gave lots of good tips on where to go and they did their best to ensure that our stay was comfortable.  Most of the front desk staff were great. Bleu was particularly helpful and friendly.   The rooms reminded me of a European style boutique hotel. Nothing fancy but clean and modern and good for the price.  The location is excellent and we didn't need our car once. The deck off the bar is great and has misters and a fire pit.  We did get a room with a noisy air con but they transferred us to another room the next day.  For an inexpensive and central get away, I would stay there again.  Free parking was a bonus.
1	What does this hotel have going for it? Location. You can walk to nearly anyplace you'd want to go in Scottsdale. However, when you read the other reviews complaining of the noise BELIEVE THEM. How bad can it be? The walls are thinner than any dorm room. So much that you can hear EVERYTHING going on around you. It's excessive to say the least. You hear people coming and going, the noise from bar in the hotel, conversations in the room next door... it's literally like they're all in the room with you. I felt guilty playing music while in the shower because I knew I was disturbing my neighbors. I stayed for three nights (at $170 a night) over a long weekend and didn't get one good nights sleep. The hotel should focus a little less on fancy wall paper and more on sound proofing. For that price I expected better. Next time, I'll walk a few extra blocks and stay at the Hilton for the same cost.
3	Went here for my bday and location was superb and staff was friendliest I've ever dealt with at a hotel.Basically, I give 5 stars for price and staff. 4 stars for location, atmosphere, and style. But only 2 stars for beds and room. We stayed in a dbl room, which I should have asked for King, but I wanted an extra bed just in case someone was too drunk to drive home. The full beds were so small! The room was stylish and hip and I liked it, but I have felt more comfortable in other places of the same price. It was only the comfort level that brings review to a 3-star.As far as others saying you could hear music all night, I didn't in my room. And there are a ton of clubs within earshot. I actually don't mind that at all. We spent a majority of our time around the fire pit and having drinks in the bar. I had more fun there then when we went out for a night on the town. I might stay there again, but definitely stay if you are looking for one night only. If you need to stay somewhere for more than one night, check out other places that are pricer because you will get more amenities and luxury.
1	LIPSTICK ON A PIG. This is a renovated Hampton Inn and it shows it on every level. I have stayed at many Indigo properties and I'm shocked IHG Hotel Group would call this it's own.Just like other reviews, the walls are thin with wallpaper pealing. Very little closet space and cheap damaged furniture.Also, beware. This is a party hotel. I stayed three nights and slept maybe 10 hours total.
3	Noisy but good location.The Hotel Indigo has a great location if you want to explore Old Scottsdale or experience the local bar/club scene, both within walking distance. It is surrounded by quite a few bars/clubs that get quite busy so at night you need to keep your eyes peeled for pedestrians while driving.The hotel itself seems average from the outside. Reception is on the second floor of the hotel (along with the bar, outdoor patio, etc..) which is a little annoying. Other guests complained that the elevators were slow (even apologizing for stopping at reception while we were going to our room) but we thought this was a little exagerated. They didn't seem that slow to us but enough people commented that it must be the general opinion. Check-in / check-out went smooth without any sort of hassle. The service wasn't above or beyond and it wasn't poor, just average.The pool seemed nice (no hot tub) and the wireless internet was fast. Parking wasn't an issue for us, even when we came back late at night. Just make sure to display your parking pass so that you don't get towed.Our room was OK, however I think the materials they choose didn't work very well. For instance, our room had laminate flooring which was spreading apart in places and curling in others. It seems like a very poor choice to install a product like this. As well, we found the toilet that they used was extremely noisy, to the point that a neighbouring unit flushing would drown out any other sound (such as the clubs/bars). It seems like a little more attention to detail would go a long way into improving the stay.The noise from the clubs was significantly greater on the weekend so if you're staying on weekenights you might not find a problem at all. While we didn't have problems sleeping with the noise I think it's loud enough that some people would.Overall, the hotel and rooms seemed average. The location was good in terms of activities/shopping/etc. within walking distance.
2	This may be the last time I go Indigo. Don't get me wrong, for Scottsdale the price is right, and I never have a problem getting a last minute room. But it seems really rundown here and a few things left me with a sour taste during my one night stay. First up, there was a harsh smell of sewage in my room, couldn't detect where it was coming from... you'd think the bathroom but it got more faint the closer to the bathroom I moved. Also the shower tile needed to replaced a year or two ago, cracked, chipped, dingy. The food at the bar is pretty meh and it's not cheap. But Justin works hard and he's up for some conversation if that's you're thing. I think I'd rather spend more and hit up somewhere else in the hood like the Ho or Firesky.
4	Welcome back to the 70's, but not oldie-moldie, it's totally restored/renewed/made-to-look-70's.  It's cool, it's hip, and ultra fab.  Staying here is like a non-stop party, that happens to have place a place to crash at, too.  It's quite shaggadelic.I liked the whole open-desk, check-in/out process with lobby.  The color scheme is just how you remember it growing up, or how your grandma's house was: orange, green, brown, and beige -- the lighting and furniture is all very retro cool. On a nice hot day, the pool has tons of bikini babes (erase Grandma image, I'm talking BABES), dudes, and the drinks are fully-flowing.  Want a quite and serene stay -- don't come here!  It can get quite loud.Parking is easy, but the walk/drive to the rooms feels like your making your way thru a large apartment complex. The rooms decor continue the 70's theme with a low profile bed, modern desk and furniture...and a B&W TV without a remote (kidding!  nice flatscreen).  The bathroom, the sink and counter, really small...but again, oh so cool.  This is definitely a party place.  It's close walking distance to stumble back from the downtown bars and right in the cool Old Town area.
4	We have stayed here a few times to have a "staycation" and have been able to get the room for a very reasonable rate. The location is great and everyone that works there has always been very friendly. Had we paid full price for the room I would not have rated it so highly because the room is just ok and the beds are kind of hard. Worth it for the location if you get a good deal and are staying for one or two nights.
5	The staff here is simply amazing. Kelly at the front desk and Jillian went above and beyond the call of duty, helping me with a request. I really appreciated their help. Thank you!
3	This hotel could get either a 5-star or 1-star rating, depending on one's priorities. I chose to rate it 3, because as much as I loved the decor and the interior, a hotel should offer a safe haven- a place to quietly enjoy the night and morning hours. Unfortunately, while we thoroughly enjoyed the furnishings, the gym, and the service in the hotel, we were simply unable to sleep. The problem wasn't with anything the hotel had any control over, but rather its location. It is in a very vibrant section of downtown Scottsdale, surrounded by bars and nightclubs that attract a loud and youthful clientele. We were there three nights, from Thursday through Sunday, and were unable to catch even a wink of sleep prior to 3:30am on any of those nights, despite being very sleep-deprived from each night's noisy surroundings. Between the car alarms and the voices carrying through the desert air all the way to our fifth floor room, the sleepability of the hotel was simply untenable. Bottom line- if sleeping is important to you, and or you are not nocturnal, and or you do not wear ear-plugs to sleep, you should avoid this hotel like the plague.
4	Upscale but not too pricey, for what it is.  Every employee was cordial and helpful.  The decor is comfortable chic.  For a Saturday night, it was (too) quiet.Good location, walking distance to Don and Charlie's - a great steak house.
1	I wish I could give zero stars! Worst hotel service I have ever received. The staff is pretentious, uneducated, and downright rude. The rooms are falling apart, it's no wonder they let dogs stay for free...there are holes in the walls, no working outlets, lamp cords that have exposed wires, etc...the list goes on. I have been in the San Diego Hotel Indigo(among others) and it was WORLDS better than this. Frankly I don't think I will use the SD location for dining anymore either. It says a lot about a chains standards if some locations are left to rot out...which this one clearly has been. When I checked in I was with my husband and gave the woman my name, she proceeded to NOT put my name on a list. I came in the next day having forgot my key and ID, they said my name was not on the list and they could not let me in. My dog was locked in the room alone and I had to pull my husband out of a meeting to clear up the issue. We will never stay at another Indigo Hotel in any city...ever again.
1	Very loud clubs all around it.  If you are going to be downtown clubbing all night than this hotel would be great, but if you want to sleep at night don't come here.  The clubs are really loud, especially between midnight and 3am.  The AC is so loud you can't hear yourself think, although it does cover over the loud clubs.  The facilities are fine though they are kind of back in an alley and not as new and nice as advertised.
2	Called for reservation with my groupon. Was told to call back lady was not in. But had plenty of rooms. I called back 30 minutes later and they have nothing now. Even spoke to mgr. it wasn't they were sold out. They just minimize how many rooms get groupon. We are locals to Arizona and did not find this service good.
3	Trendy and hip. Clean. Inexpensive yet well-appointed and ideally located in and around the heart of downtown Scottsdale.Staff was indifferent. Room service was timely but overpriced and tasteless (rubbery eggs, limp fruit, need I say more?).I can certainly see why others complained about the noise but the night we were there was dead.
2	For the price, this is a great option. Clean, comfortable, modern, awesome location and fantastic guest services. Free wifi, decent gym. I really love the outdoor fire pit & the menu at the restaurant has an outstanding selection. **Warning!! A huge disappointment!! While traveling for business, where my sleep is imperative, I was quickly disturbed with the obnoxious volume and thumps coming from the adjacent night clubs. This was on a was even on a Tuesday night!! I can only imagine a weekend noise level! So intrusive. So upsetting. Can't stay here again because of this ;(
3	Sweet love, Sweet Nights, Sweet dreams...   This town is what it seems...A modern hotel that reminds me of some of the boutique hotels on South Beach.  The modern Style of this hotel is extremely hip and inviting.   The rooms have an unique upscale feel to them.  The rooms are as cute as the pictures they use in their advertising.  I did not have an issue with my room other than it being a little small.  It was very clean.  I'm not a big fan of the laminated wooden floors in a hotel at all.  The noise carries.The nice part about this hotel is that it is not too terribly expensive, and it is within a decent walking distance of most of the interesting places to go to in Old Town.There are a couple of memorable things about this hotel.  One good, and one not so good.My favorite memory about this hotel is the terrace outside with the nice fire pit that burned every night that I was there.  I was there in the cooler AZ spring time, so it was nice to sit out there late on a Friday night with my cocktail in hand and watch the party-goer's walking to and from the clubs in the area.  Oh, by the way, this hotel is situated in what I was told was the "club" area of Old town.   This might be a bonus for some, and not a bonus for others. Unfortunately, with all the modern updates, I guess there was nothing that could be done about the fact that the floors and the walls are SUPER thin.  As I stated above, the floor of the room I stayed in was laminated wood.  My heels clicking, the persons around me heels clicking.  I wondered if I was hearing noises from 2 floors away there was so much clicking!   I could hear everything going on in the room next to me at 3am in the morning.  And suffice it to say, they weren't in there having a Sunday-go-church-meeting.  I could hear the words they were whispering to each other - I hope you understand how crazy this was!   I had to get up and go downstairs and hang out down there until I felt the "coast" was clear.  This was a big downer for me on this hotel.  BUT--- let me say this, I started talking to the front desk staff and jokingly mentioned why I was down there and I thought I probably needed to wait a quick 10 minutes for the "coast to clear".  Not expecting anything at all, but when I got up the next morning, I received a nice generous note from the manager.  All-in-All, I still enjoyed my stay here.  Do I think this is a place for kids, NO WAY.  A place for a weekend stay in Old Town for a bachelor party?  YES INDEED, me thinks so!  If you're on business, request the top floor.  If you are retirees on vacation - NO, try another hotel I reviewed in my list http://www.yelp.com/list/best-staycation-resorts-scottsdale.Sweet dreams!NOTE: my header line there is a bite off a song by Chagaini Umair
2	Overall not a bad Hotel, got a decent price online, a convenient location, but the maintenance of the room was really lacking. Small rooms compared to other places I stayed. Bed squeeked, NO firm pillows so bring your own, my window shade was broken so I had no view, the bathroom shower had no door and a stupid hole in the one section of glass to allow you to turn the faucet on and adjust temp-Ive seen this concept executed more efficiently in other similar showers where the controls are on an oposing or side wall relative to the shower head so you can set the temp before getting in. A neat but unpractical design-the water spilled right out of the hole onto the floor and water everywhere. I was also freezing while showering since there was no door. Coffee maker was broken and filthy and why is it they never give you enough cream packets? Very average soaps and shampoos the kind you leave behind.  The staff was pleasant, breakfast was ok but overpriced for what it was. $10.00 for 2 slices of French toast with a few berries, presentation was amateur...not a good hotel for long term stays, one or two days at most, for a little more money finer places are available. Parking was easy but weird, I just parked on the street it was easier.  If you are overly discriminating this hotel is not for you. No bellmen, and the front desk is on the second floor so you have to do your own shlepping up the elevators with doors that scrape the floor and sound like finger nails running over a blackboard.
3	It's tough... The price for this hotel is right, the location is great, the rooms are cute and the staff is nice. But that's about all it has going for it.Upon my arrival I was appreciative that the front desk was able to accomodate me and get me a room in the early afternoon. I knew I was in trouble however, when he said, "Oh, yikes. All we have available is a bad room." UM...WHAT?! And bad was right. Expressed in the most polite way, he meant that the room was only accessible through going outside and that the windows looked out on (and offered no protection from) the nightclubs just below. Darn! Usually a pretty deep sleeper, I thought this would't really be an issue. But if you're coming here on a weekend, definitely expect a lot of noise. The front desk offers earplugs for guests that need them and they really do their best to make your stay nice.More problematic than the street noise though, was the actual guests. The rooms have laminate floors and for some reason the people staying in the room above me we wearing high heels (and walking in circles?) all. night. long. Even as last as 2am! It sounded like horses clopping around above my head. And in addition to the street noise - and I'm not joking - a very drunk man kept screaming obscenities in the hall and was trying to gain access to all of the rooms on the third floor. Security was quick to answer my call and assist in getting this guy down to the front desk to sort out his room key issues. Sadly though, they let him loose again at some point because within just minutes he was back, screaming at my door and trying to get in. At 3am! Security was back and finally he was gone for good. Turns out he was so intoxicated that he wasn't even on the right floor. And just as I thought I'd get to sleep, I was subjected yet again to loud noises emanating from yet another nearby room. This time it was.... errr... romantic noises? And while it was almost laughable that this place was so loud, I also recall hearing toilets flush in other rooms. The real issue isn't how loud the other guests our but how well sound travels. It's a shame, really. But I've got a co-worker who traveled through during the week and had no such noise issues.The bed was cozy, the hairdryer provided in the room was great, I liked the Aveda products for the shower and I am always pleased when hotels have full length mirrors. So while my stay wasn't perfect, there were a lot of great things about the Indigo. If you're in town to stay up late, party and have a blast, this is the hotel for you. If you're in town for work and have to get up at 6am three days in a row, maybe consider somewhere a little more peaceful.
2	OK, so we booked this spot for Spring Training because the Valley Ho was super expensive. All I heard was that it was a newer hotel in the right area of town.Upon arriving we were given keys for our room. The room was nice. It had a decent TV, comfortable beds, and fairly spacious bathroom. Yes, it's weird there's no shower door, but a hole in the glass for you to turn the knob, and then hang your towel on. It worked for me.I also agree with another Yelper that there were barely any electrical outlets. Just a socket for 2 plugs in between the beds.Anyhow, that Friday night we were pleased that the Lodge was right next door. I had been there last year. I remember going to sleep that night and it was obviously pretty noisy but what do you expect. It didn't keep me up long.Now, to the bad news. On Saturday, they literally called my cousin, whose name the hotel was under, that we had forgotten to check out and that we had to come back to the hotel right away to clear it up. They had someone that was registered to be in that room for Sunday I suppose.We checked our reservations and they were wrong. So, we said we are not leaving the game, we will clear this up with you later. When we got back to the hotel, they had to issue us new key cards and there was no apology, offer of anything free, nothing. That was ridiculous.That Saturday we went to dinner and after had some fireball shots at the hotel bar. The bartender was an alright guy.I mean I might stay here again, but I will shop around and try to book the Valley Ho way earlier. Or possibly the Saguaro where our other friends stayed which had a kick ass pool.The pool at Hotel Indigo is puny. We didn't have time for swimming anyway.The guys running the golf carts and taxis do a good enough job though.
4	Nestled in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale's bar/club district, Hotel Indigo was a pretty quality stay, especially considering the price.  With a rather modern/contemporary vibe, the hotel is a swanky joint that is really catered to the younger cliental.  If you're into the club/bar scene, this hotel is the perfect location if you don't want to make the drive home after.  That is exactly what a buddy and me did on Friday night.  Got a room for $80 and some change (which we spilt) and could enjoy the area w/o worry of driving intoxicated.  The rooms were clean and stylishly decorated and having a flat screen really was nice.  As I previously mentioned, this hotel is definitely aimed towards crowds staying in the Old Town Scottsdale area.  Not really sure it would be convenient if you're planning to visit the entire Valley.  Overall, a great stay with a great price.
4	I stayed here for one night while on a recent business trip! I wish I had discovered this place sooner....I was pleasantly surprised! I never heard of this place and I usually stick to the Holiday Inn brand. A group of fellow co-workers recently started staying at this place as it was discovered to be a part of the IHG group.  The staff was really nice and friendly!I was told to get a room on the higher floor because of the noise. Unfortunately, by the time I checked in, the rooms on the higher floors were already taken. I was on the third floor and I didn't hear any noise!My room was bright and sunny............and very peaceful!  I slept really well! The covered parking garage was a big plus...........My car was nice and cool when I got in it! That counts for a lot in the Phoenix heat!
4	I payed $43 for a recent Saturday. I'm not sure how one could get anymore bang for there buck. It's $9 to self park in their covered parking but street parking is everywhere. I parked steps away from the hotel without a problem, no meters or anything. All the clubs, bars and restaurants you can imagine are literally steps away. The hotel is modern and clean with quality wifi. Fashion Square Mall is about a 10 minute walk away. Enjoyed a couple bars and just chilled. I got a 5th floor room and slept like a baby. FYI, the showers are made funny. You got pull down the end of the spiget to activate the shower. Just trust me, if you haven't seen it, you'll thank me for the heads up. If you want to party a lot or a little and don't want to risk a DUI, this hotel is perfect.
5	Don't listen to the negative reviews. This hotel was an amazing experience. So clean and modern. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful. Bed was really comfortable and the bathroom and shower were very clean and modern. I want my apartment to look like this! Really cool rooms! Pool was nice as well and its close to everything in Old Town. I would stay here again hands down!
5	A really nice place. The staff was top notch and very professional. The property was well located and very clean. Oh and my room was incredible! The bathroom has an illuminated oval mirror that made my friends eyes look so wild. But then again we were having a really great time, it may have just been her eyes!
2	If you're "young" (under 35-to me that's young, I'm 46) and you really don't know the difference between a 4 star hotel and Motel 6, then you probably would like this place.  I stayed here for a week while waiting for my condo to close escrow and the longer I stayed here, the more I noticed all the "little things" that are wrong with this place. Originally this was built as a Holiday Inn Express.  I used to live in the area and I remember they built this from start to finish almost "overnight"....it went up super fast,  and it shows.  The tile in the bathrooms look as if it was installed by an eight grader, the paint job is so sloppy, there's paint all over everything...I don't think they even bothered to tape anything off at all.  Looks like someone painted it all freehand.  The towels have a terrible chemical smell, and aren't soft and comfy at all.  The beds squeak and move around all over the floor, the A/C is loud and the temperature balance is either cold as ice or hot and stuffy and has a really odd odor. I don't think they insulated this building at all, you can hear people through the walls, the floors, in the hallways, at the pool, on the streets.  Annoying.    The windows are absolutely filthy and you cannot open them.  Seems like that should be some sort of "fire-code" violation to me, but I'm no expert on that.  The place is crawling with party goers on the weekends and this place is SUPER noisy and there is absolutely nothing in the lobby or the bar/restaurant areas to absorb the sound, whatsoever.  The lobby is on the 2nd floor so you either have to take the stairs up or wait on the elevator just to check in.  The lobby is cramped and the traffic patterns are ill-conceived, which makes it difficult to navigate around all the party people and arriving guests wanting to inquire or check in and people going to their rooms and/or the elevators.  Its a very small "cross roads" for all traffic.  Like I said, its very "ill-conceived".  But if you're not fussy and really don't know or care what the difference is between a "fine" hotel and this party palace, then you'll probably not notice or care about these things.  I find most "young people" just take what is thrown at them without the slightest bit of personal reference.  Some do and I'm sure they're not the ones' staying here.  I chose it strictly for location's sake.If you want to take a Taxi to anywhere, be SURE to specify what kind of taxi you want to take.  I ordered a cab to take me to a bar way downtown Phoenix. They ordered me a "luxury" livery service and it cost me $35.00 for a 6.6 mile trip according to google maps. And I don't think this guy was actually legally licensed as a taxi service (which is a MAJOR FELONY...in case you didn't know this...it is a felony to act as a taxi service without proper licensing authority) there were no visible signs of any licensing whatsoever in this guy's vehicle.  So if you were to be involved in a traffic accident with an unlicensed taxi service, you could probably end up owning this dump after all the legalities were settled....guess that could be a plus?  Depends on how you look at I suppose.On the plus side, the beds were surprisingly comfortable, the pillows aren't feather, they seem like just your ordinary foam pillows, which I have never really liked.  The linens aren't very high quality, probably around 300 to 400 thread count or less, so don't expect anything great there.  But I guess, for the price of the room, you get what you pay for.  There was no refrigerator in my room, not sure if other rooms have one, but it was pretty inconvenient not to have one.  Being here for a week, it would have been handy.  The fixtures in the restroom were wonky...the cold water handle was clearly not tightly secured to the counter top.  The shower handle had about two inches of play in it, which was pretty annoying and the "sunflower" shower head seemed to drain the power right out of the water pressure.  Luckily I travel with my own shower head and I replaced it with mine and the pressure was terrific.  The waste paper baskets are made of chromed tin and when you throw away a plastic bottle or anything rigid, it makes a terrific noise! LOUD!  Obviously a "were going for pretty instead of smart" instinct in design.The mirror in the bathroom was circular with the lighting behind a frosted glass ring surrounding the mirror.  So when you turn on the lights and look into the mirror, your eye balls reflected back this white ring making your eyes look like something out of a John Carpenter movie.  It was quite a shocker at first and really quite disturbing, but I got used to it.  I think this hotel was designed and built by and for children.
1	This place is LITERALLY on top of a nightclub. If you like feeling at 1:52am that you're in the middle of a party scene while laying in bed than this may be the place for you. Unfortunately for me I like to sleep. I will never stay here again.
3	Beautiful, clean room. Rooms are not insulated very well. Everything looks modern. I would stay here again.
1	Wow. Is low quality what being a hipster hotel is all about?Firstly, although it's right smack dab in the middle of where Affliction shirt-wearing, douchebag America comes to play, this once roach-infested but dressed up real nice to make it trendy Scottsdale hotel offers wonderful eye candy. But that wears off super fast when you;*Ride the world's slowest elevator! I pressed the up button to take me to the lobby for check-in and it literally took 3 minutes. By the time I lost patience and started to hump my luggage up the stairs the elevator doors magically opened! That slow ascent to the lobby amplified the 3 minutes.*Realize that Ikea undoubtedly furnished the rooms, including the wooden floors! An amazing thing happens when you can hear the occupants of both sides in high heels walk/stumble across the floor at 3am after drinking in the bars on the other side of the parking lot!. You get that uncomfortable 'I'm not alone in this room' feeling all night!*Have to get your key recoded daily! The elevator won't take you past the lobby floor without it and if you're in a hurry to get to your room, forget it. You'll have to wait to get your key fixed and then wait for the elevator.*Endure street and parking lot noise the whole time!! "What? You're trying to sleep in a hotel next to a douchebag hangout? I will sing you the song of my people at 2:15am"  In closing, you're better off going to an established chain hotel than having to pay handsomely for bullshit.
1	Parking is strange and the lobby is upstairs from the parking. It's a very small place and there is no alcohol anywhere in the hotel. The rooms feel like a college dorm. Hard to figure out where the light switch is on the headboard! Wood floors and the rooms feel cold...definitely not cozy. The front desk staff are not hospitable either. It's not worth $175 for a room there at all.
4	Special shout-out to staff Susan and James..  Susan helped jump on internet problems served up by AT&T and worked the best she could do understand why connectivity was slow.  James for lending a screwdriver to a traveler in need with "easy to assemble" instructions.  Good staff make a difference.
3	We stayed there just this last weekend and had a great experience at this hotel. We loved how conveniently close everything was to the hotel (walking distance). The room was okay...furniture and decorations definitely seemed a bit cheaper than other hotels furnishings. Bathroom was alright. The shower would flood our bathroom since there was only one panel of glass covering half of the shower. The front desk was super nice and helpful with all of our questions and concerns. The pool is small but so is this hotel so it equals out. One of our favorite things about this hotel was that it offered car service to drop off and pick us up wherever in Scottsdale. So Saturday night we used this service when we went out.
4	Beautiful hotel. At first, the lobby seems a little outdated, and the service staff is dressed unprofessionally, but the pool side is nice and the hotel restaurant is great too. My husband and I had breakfast, as well as an afternoon lunch with tacos on the patio outside. The room is comfortable. It's the perfect location, next to the day/night life of Scottsdale. A golf cart ride over, or a nice walk to Old Town. Complimentary car shuttle service. The W is walking distance as well.
1	The worst hotel experience I have had...we came here tonight, and the bathroom shower is visible to he whole room. Then we needed extra blankets and called down, they said they were all out. Then we asked for water botlles, and they said they were all out! Then to too it off, we asked a cot, and to no surprise....they were all out! What bull is that?? The next two nights better be better...
2	I'm not sure I would recommend this place to anyone.  The staff was extremely rude, the rooms were sub-par (our floor was lifting from what looked like a lot of water damage); the beds weren't that comfortable, the pillows were terrible, and it is super noisy from the surrounding clubs and loud patrons.  I think there are much better options at a much more affordable rate.
3	For the price it's not bad. Clean rooms and a large bathroom. Booming music all night.
4	We were heading out for a 40th Birthday party.  Hitting some of the Scottsdale Nightlife.  We read all of the reviews about noise.  I actually visited the hotel a few weeks ahead of the party just to check it out.  I met Bonnie (sales person for Indigo).  She was very nice, showed me a room and the property.  She admitted that they have a rowdy crowd sometimes on the weekend.  That they make every effort to make guests comfortable and have sight security to help control the noise inside and out as best as they can.We stayed in a suite.  Bonnie was very helpful with the reservation.  All of the staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel was clean.  I have been a Marriott platinum member, so I have stayed at some genuine 5-star resorts. The Indigo does not pretend to be a 5-star resort.  But it is clean, the beds are comfortable, the staff is attentive, price was reasonable and the location is as good as you can get for Scottsdale nightlife (unless you want to shell out several hundred dollars for a room at The W.For our group of 40-somethings, Hotel Indigo Scottsdale and the staff where just right.  We had a great night and I would recommend the hotel to anybody wanting to experience Scottsdale nightlife.
1	I'm so disappointed with my stay here. The hotel is clean, cute and the atmosphere seems great, but there are some major issues. Also- this was the second time I've stayed here and had similar issues, so I feel like I can say it's ongoing and I still tried to give them a chance.First off, it's not a good sign when a hotel has ear plugs waiting for you in your room. - They have wood style floors, which means you can hear every other person upstairs walking around.- There is a bar/club that pounds music all night long. It woke me up twice and didn't stop until 3am. The pillows in my bed were literally vibrating. (I don't know if this is every night, but Weds for sure.)- The gym equipment is terrible. The bike was broken and the elliptical was so loud, I couldn't even use it. Plus, the kitchen is next to the gym, so the entire time I was on the treadmill, I was completely over taken by the smell of food and bacon. Nice. - TRUCKS! There is construction going on in the back of the hotel. I didn't know this or I would have NEVER checked in. The trucks start at 5:30am and beep, honk, people yell etc. It's horrible.- Our room never got cleaned. We left our room by 7am and returned at 4pm to a dirty room. We were told the cleaners were behind and if we didn't let them in then, we wouldn't have our room cleaned. We were in the middle of relaxing before a dinner reservation, so we didn't get our room cleaned. The only reason I gave this hotel one star is because it's within walking distance to Fashion Square and a ton of restaurants. If you like the nightlife, maybe the club part won't bother you, but if you're on a business trip... Stay somewhere else. Sad, but true.
1	So disappointed in my stay. Every morning there was loud construction happening next door at 5:30am. The cable kept cutting out. Our room didn't get cleaned because housekeeping got behind. The best thing? Aveda bath products.
5	Great place. In the perfect location for bars, clubs, restaurants, and shopping.  And the prices are VERY good.  It's where I refer all my guests to stay when they come visit.
5	5 Stars For Customer Service.After booking a hotel package on expedia, I read some concerning reviews about this hotel for my upcoming stay. For me, I am going on vacation for some R&R, and for me I did not want to stay at a "party" hotel, with outside construction occuring in the morning.Expedia was able to call the manager, Susan, I believe. Susan cancelled my reservation with no penalty fees. Thank you!
5	My gf and I stayed here wed-sat for a short vacation. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable of the area. We had an issue with our lock, the manager, Susan, was quick to take charge of getting this solved in a timely manor and comping our drinks! The pool is small but it does the trick. If this is an issue the W is a couple blocks alway and their pool is open to the public! We had a great time there on Friday. All in all great stay at indigo, we would definitely stay there again.
1	Absolutely horrible. The customer service is not up to par. You would think for a hotel of higher standards they would not discriminate against others. I felt extremely discriminated against. The staff even felt it was necessary to tell me "to go back where I came from" absolutely ridiculous. Would never stay here again. Considering the standard of people working for this establishment, it does not belong in Scottsdale. If you're looking for a place to enjoy the nightlife and culinary hot spots this is not the place to stay at. Stay here if IHOP is your thing.
4	Not only is this an aesthetically pleasing environment (to me), but I just got a new lens for my camera (a full manual one), and while I'm still learning how to be a "real" photographer, I'm catching on. The chandelier is pretty cool; it's two stories tall! I hope you enjoy the pic's! Hotel Indigo has a different vibe than a lot of franchise or Corporately-owned hotels, and that's a GOOD thing.  The architecture and decor don't let you forget you're in Phoenix, and in a pretty special place. Everyone on the staff here has been super-friendly, accommodating, and just plain NICE! From Rayna (my desk clerk), to Bleu (one of the Managers) to Larry (no, the other Larry, the Valet) to Rick, the GM (I think), everyone is way cool!I LOVE my room! Ranks as one of the best hotel rooms I've ever stayed in personally. Great decor, design, layout; seems more spacious than just a one-room place. However, I don't understand the "half-glass" in the shower stall, and whassup with the HOLE in the glass? Anyway, just add a mini-fridge and M'wave (and there's plenty of room for that) and I could LIVE here! Great decor, design, layout, location. The only shortcoming, to me at least, was a lack of selection from the hotel bar / restaurant, but heck, there's so much stuff within an easy walk, it doesn't really matter. The Hotel Indigo is right next to the Entertainment District in Scottsdale, or one of 'em, at least.I can't go a full five-stars, cuz you've gotta compare against the entire Hospitality Industry, but there's plenty to like about Hotel Indigo! I'm not much of a Ritz Carlton sort of dude anyway, ya know?I'm gonna stay here again, on my return to Austin; that gives me something to look forward to for the return trip, and I can't wait!
3	Stayed here hoping to be near some restaurants, bars, etc without having to drive. Unfortunately, the types of places that DO exist within walking distance all turn into serious party clubs packed with the freshly-turned-21 crowd after sundown, replete with bouncers and velvet ropes.  The pool was tiny and often in the shade. They have a bar and decent outdoor patio, but even though the hotel was full on a holiday weekend, it was just about deserted at all times. The property really should do something to attract a bit of a social atmosphere down there and generate some business for themselves. A happy-hour maybe with hors d'oeuvres and drink specials? The parking situation is awful. The parking lot that they actually own is quite small and quickly fills up, requiring me to park in the street or in the lot of a temporarily-closed club next door. Don't let them charge you $9 for parking if you can't even use their lot. There's plenty of safe parking right out front in the street for free anyway. Don't even use or pay for their stupid parking in my opinion, unless you have an extremely nice car and don't want it outside all night. There is no concierge for advice. There is no room refrigerator. The picture quality on the flat-screen wasn't that great and Discovery channel was nothing but static. I did appreciate the  long couch-thing along the window to throw all my stuff (I don't sit on those things!) and the non-carpeted floor with throw-rugs (reduces the germ factor a little). So, if you're over 30 and are done with the hard-core clubbing scene yet want to be near old-town Scottsdale, take a look at the Saguaro, Firesky, Valley Ho, or the Hyatt (shockingly nice).
5	The Hotel has better service than the Hyatt at Cheney Ranch, the rooms are large and nicely appointed, and the staff is great. A special shout-out to Sue, the front desk person on duty- I booked through Hotwire (pre-paid and with no refunds) for the wrong weekend.... Sue got it straightened out for me with zero hassle. Great place!
4	Had to downgrade this place by one star- apparently there is a reason why there were ear plugs on the nightstand.... Fortunately, I could only hear the noise when the a/c kicked off :-D The party across the hall sounded quite jolly, my alarm  went off before the Happy Birthday serenade at 530 am!
4	Spent the weekend here and we heard that it was a great new boutique hotel but to be aware that it could get really loud because of all the college kids who frequent it.  It was a very nice place and a great location.  We asked for a quiet room and were put on the top floor.  We had no noise issues.  It wouldn't be my first choice but I would stay there again.
5	Great location & price. The decor is very modern and the room was very clean. I was never able to change tv Channels but that was probably just user error. The location was the selling point for me since it's walking distance to old town Scottsdale.  I would definitely stay here again if I was I'm town again.
1	Stay away!  Writing this at 4am as construction started already and is ridiculously loud.  Worst stay of the past year.   Zero stars if possible.  This place is horrible.  You're better off renting a car and sleeping in that.
2	My stay here was so un-enjoyable. The problem for me, could have been timing? I arrived the evening of Monday Night football. As a result 100 frat boys in Chargers jerseys had infested the property. There was also a huge construction project behind the hotel. Like jackhammers and yelling at 3am kinda construction. I know the hotel can't help this, but fair warning. The second night, the fratboys made way for some faux red carpet event promoting a lame business card company. Once again the hotel bar was taken over by wannabes. The room itself was okay, but missing creature comforts like a mini-fridge. The bar/cafe took 25 mins to get me hummus and nachos. A snails pace that was  rivaled only by the hotel's painfully slow wifi. It may have just been bad luck...even my keycard became de-magnetized 3 times adding to my mounting list of annoyances. Bright spots were a well appointed gym, stylish feel and convenient location.
4	This hotel is what it is. And what it is is a party hotel. It's surroundings are a lot of clubs and bars. So it markets to a more hip young crowd. Would I recommend this hotel for a family with kids? No, but not because people are walking around nude or anything. There just isn't anything that accommodate children in the area. Now if your coming to Scottsdale with your friends and plan on partying and having good grown folks fun, this this is your spot.Okay so the entrance is down stairs near the garage and pool. The garage isn't very large, but neither is the hotel. So its cool, except when all of the night clubs are open; then parking might be a little difficult, but not impossible. Also there is no seating area on the first floor. I had to stand while waiting on my ride. That kinda bothered me a little. The front desk is located on the 2nd floor along with the gym and restaurant. The gym actually is a nice size for that size hotel. The machines are modern and it was very clean.The room was cute. It gave you that beachy feel. Which is kind of popular in Scottsdale, but odd. Well, because it is Arizona. The hotel was very clean and well kept. Now late at night on the weekend. You will hear drunk guests arrive from the club talking very loud in the hallways. I also heard security trying to calm them down. But that's expected when you're at a hotel surrounded by clubs. I'm happy to hear them drunk  and loud in the hallways vs drunk on the road driving. So thats a great thing if you think about it. Really the hotel was cool. Oh and I've seen people with their dogs, so I take it they're pet friendly.
3	My husband and I stayed from a Saturday to Sunday, a little stay-cation for a birthday celebration. The Hotel Indigo is definitely a trendy boutique hotel, located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale catering to the "party crowd".  As previous Yelpers mentioned, not a place for kids confirming loud half dressed party (drunk) groups roaming the hallways at 3 a.m. Upon arriving, I did take note of the earplugs next to the bed. Since we stayed from a Saturday to a Sunday there was no construction going on Sunday morning, but the earplugs were needed for the hallway noise. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated, loved the hard wood floors that are hopefully cleaner than carpet and funny that I did question the hole in glass shower along with the half glass.My only complaint other than the hallway noise was the lack of parking (due to construction), luckily we found one of the last spots left. As my husband noted this hotel is great for people who want to party heavy in all the bars surrounding and want a trendy place to crash.
5	Our new go-to spot in AZ! We visit family here often and always struggled finding a nice place that's pet friendly. Indigo was fantastic! Totally friendly staff, nice modern rooms and the breakfast is really good. Only thing I didn't see was a hot tub but for the price and everything you get, we'll be coming back often.
3	Booked a suite, which was fine and, looking at other reviews, better than their standard rooms.  Bed mattress was a bit worn and springs made noise every time I turned over.  Room looks hip.  Breakfast was good and there is a nice, small bar and a pool.  Shower was fine.  Hotel is generally noisy with no real sound proofing.  In my bathroom I heard people in the next room's bathroom (ugh!).  Oh, yeah: wifi was intolerably slow.  Great if you can get a room for $80 or under.
4	Cool hotel, came here for an anniversary a little while ago and was a lot better than I  expected. Me and my girlfriend freaked out because we saw taryn manning from Orange is the new black twice while staying here. Other than that very clean and cool design.
1	Never coming here again security came constantly to our room we werent even loud ... If you trying to go clubing then turn up in the hotel after this is not the place rude staff security.. They were discriminating us big time idk i will never come here again ..!
