5	What a great place....awesome service and very friendly...they were very professional and helpful to my needs...I highly recommend this to all my family and friends
5	I just got her phone fixed, and she loved it. Great customer service! Everyone is very friendly and nice.
5	If you want you phone done right...  go see these guys....  they get it done right the first time and really fast tooo....  You will not be disappointed. ...
5	To sum things up, my flash drive crashed with important files, and One Stop Wireless (specifically Chris), saved them, and my life! Their customer service is extremely top notch, and I left completely satisfied. They could really sense how anxious I was, and tended to all my needs. If your phone breaks, your computer crashes, your data gets lost, or if you run into any technical difficulties, I'd recommend them 100% :)(PS, they're business hours are until 7:30pm, but they helped me out until 8:30pm so they're extremely flexible and reliable! A big thanks to One Stop Wireless!)
5	My phone couldn't be fixed, but Joe went out of his way to help set me up with another company that can recover my data. All the while, I got to pass the time watching football on their giant tv. Great service and great store.
5	I was mortified when I dropped my iPhone 4s and severely shattered the glass. I walked around with my broken phone for over a week risking bloody fingers because I couldn't bare the thought of being separated from my phone while it underwent repair. On Facebook, I likened iPhone cases to condoms -- It just doesn't feel the same when you use one. But alas, my phone was knocked up as I carelessly had let it slip from my fingers with nary an Apple Care protection plan to fall back on. Then I stumbled upon One Stop Wireless. I was nervous about leaving my phone with strangers but I saw the place had good reviews so I decided to suck it up. I'm so glad I did! Not only did they fix my phone, but they did it in less than a half hour for a very good price, way lower than what I'd expected. They even threw in a free screen protector, which was totally just a super cool gesture especially considering I cannot put one of those things on myself without a bunch of bubbles and random hairs getting stuck underneath it. My iPhone 4s is as good as new, and happily living inside its new iPhone case (which I chose from One Stop Wireless' great selection of phone cases). If my phone or computer is ever in need of repair, I will definitely return to One Stop Wireless. I highly recommend them!
5	Awesome deals, can't go wrong with service and honesty.  I recommend for any services, questions, and hard to find just plain old help.  I'll be back.
5	Joe at One Stop Wireless is no bull***t.  He's for real.  I needed a place to bring my Galaxy Note II to get a cracked screen fixed.  Although he didn't have the part in stock at the time, he offered to order the part, with a partial deposit, and established a time frame.  When I brought my phone back for the fix, he told me give him an hour.  I came back about an hour later, and he told me there was an issue and explained to me what happened. No. B.S. and he  was quick to offer a solution.  I appreciated that.  It's rare that you find a business owner "own up" and provide a no nonsense approach to customer service and have a solution in hand for your customer. So, another part that was needed and would take a few days. He even offered to give me a loaner phone while waiting for the part to come in.  A very nice gesture, and again, ready with a quick solution.  I thanked him but declined only because I'm currently using a Galaxy S3.  He even worked out the payment details that was MORE than fair to me and possibly put him out.  He did this without hesitation.  This shows honesty, integrity, and care for his customers.  That is SO rare here in Vegas.  A few days later, the repairs were done and he asked me to make sure everything works before I left to gauge my satisfaction.  Perfect!  I highly recommend to get your phone fixed here.  I do have a few more repairs down the road to send to him.  I have to get the mid housing on my Note 2 replaced since it's gouged to ugliness.  He quoted me a a price for the labor provided the part I provided is the correct part.  I also need to get my cracked screen on my S3 replaced and possibly an iPhone 5 with a cracked screen replaced.  I'll even spread my recommendation by word of mouth.  That's how much I'm satisfied with One Stop Wireless!
1	Rip Off!  Worst experience ever!  They wanted 3 of my phones, my iphone 5, my iphone4 and my EVo, just to trade for 32gigs of memory.  What a joke!!!
1	I had a small crack on the frame of my iPad. One Stop Wireless (Silverado & Maryland) agreed to fix/replace it for about $65. When they gave it back a few days later, Joe had improperly installed a cheap screen. I could see immediately that it was going to break. Sure enough, it broke the next day. In addition, my 3G service stopped working properly when it was in their possession. I agreed to pay for new parts, but it took them a month to call me to tell me they were in. They charged me $45 for a new screen and new 3G antenna.  Guess what? Not only was the screen installed with air bubbles visible under the glass, but it wasn't flush with the body.So of course the shoddy replacement screen broke again, almost immediately. No drops, no shocks, no impacts. It was protected by a cover or a cradle the whole time. Not only was the screen not mounted properly, but the 3G still wasn't accurate.Oh, and when I went in to ask for a refund, they wouldn't even do me the courtesy of returning a call.I now have to go buy a new iPad. Thanks, One Stop. I appreciate having to spend another $800 on top of the $110 I just wasted with you.These guys are scammers and con artists. STAY FAR AWAY!!!
5	Went there to get my iPhone 5 screen repaired they fixed it within 20 minutes everything works great good price great service !!
5	I love the guys who work there and Juong and his wife the owners are so helpful and down to earth not to mention they were able to save me sooooo much $$$$ on my phone bill!
5	Ipad2 went down flat on tile and shattered the glass. Still worked but glass was toast.YELPED for HELP. ONE STOP WIRELESS came up as highly recommended.Dropped it off yesterday and it was ready a couple hours later. I am amazed at how perfect it came out! Every bit as good as new if not better!Shocker alert! : the price was substantially lower than any other place in Vegas! Call around and see.These folks are open till 7:30pm which is huge for us working stiffs! Very convenient.Best part saved for last!........Joe. An amazing person. Helpful courteous and knowledgable! He's got my business for good! Ask for him.
5	Just got my iPhone 4S screen fixed here after I dropped and shattered it. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful! I dropped it off, grabbed some lunch, and when I went back about 25 mins later it was ready and looking like brand new! I've gone to desert wireless before and they always take at least 1-2 hours for the exact same service, so I was very pleasantly surprised when this place was so speedy. Carl was my cashier/technician and he was awesome! Will definitely request him if I have any more issues with my phone (fingers crossed that won't happen though!).
5	One morning my Iphone 5 fell flat on its face and cracked. Not wanting to go the Apple, wait in line, and pay $150 for a screen replacement I decided to search for a phone repair place on Yelp.I came across One Stop Wireless. When I called them, they answered promptly and was very pleasant. It's a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the busy wireless stores. :-) They let me know that it would take 15 minutes to fix my phone and they had tech's ready to go.I stopped by a few hours later and within 15 minutes, my phone was back to original condition! :-) I highly recommend anyone needing a phone repair from this shop.
5	I took my son's IPhone 4 to have the screen repaired. The guy behind the counter was very nice when I came in. They took my basic information and told me it would be about 30 minutes. I had some errands to run so I left. Sure enough they called me about 25 minutes later and told me that it was ready. I used the Yelp coupon for $5 off and purchased a Life Proof case to hopefully avoid having to come back anytime soon. I would definitely recommend this store. Great service, reasonable prices, great selection of accessories and friendly staff.
1	Horrible horrible horrible. I came here based on a recommendation from my friend for my shattered iPhone 5 screen. Unfortunately, this wasn't the first time one of my iPhones had been shattered and recently, it happened again. The LCD screen was completely dismounted from the phone making my phone have stripes on the screen. I brought it to another lady, the gadget fairy, who repaired it for me and afterward told me that the person that previously repaired the phone (one stop wireless) had removed very vital components which was causing the stripes. Additionally, she said that the only reason why I was getting the stripes was because of the missing parts and that I was lucky to have been careful because the phone should have given stripes much sooner. I will NEVER return to one stop wireless and will never recommend anyone to come here...the folks over here are pure thieves and should not be in business.
4	Very good service, had a large spider crack in my note 3 . Quoted a fare price for bringing my own glass in fixed in a couple of hours.thanks lovely work
5	I came in for a shattered iPhone screen. They had it replaced and out the door in just a few minutes. Call ahead to see if they are busy. Fast.. Friendly.. Professional.
5	I unfortunately dropped my iPhone in my driveway on the way out. It didn't crack, but it couldn't type anymore, & had lines going thru the screen. I brought my phone here and they fixed it right up. The customer service here was excellent. They ended up only having white screens in stock so I told them that was fine. They attached it to my phone. I left and noticed that the left side of my screen wouldn't type. So I went back in and they went ahead and attached a black screen with-In 10 mins. My phone is like new again!! :]
5	I'm HARSH on electronics, so luckily they fix stuff fast and affordable. I got my phone back in 1 day after three other shops told me 3+ days minimum. No hassle no fuss and the best thing no up sale or bait and switch.
5	I unfortunately dropped my iPhone in my driveway on the way out. It didn't crack, but it couldn't type anymore, & had lines going thru the screen. I brought my phone here and they fixed it right up. The customer service here was excellent. They ended up only having white screens in stock so I told them that was fine. They attached it to my phone. I left and noticed that the left side of my screen wouldn't type. So I went back in and they went ahead and attached a black screen with-In 10 mins. My phone is like new again!! :]
5	Awesome service - lightning fast! Took less than 15 minutes to get my cracked iPhone screen fixed and under $100. Will definitely stick to these guys for any repairs! Ask for Carl :)
5	Super quick and great customer service! Phone fixed within 30 minutes. Great advice and gave me a screen protector. Fair prices.
5	My LCD shorted out last night, making my iPhone useless.  It is a corporate phone that is out of warranty, so I was worried I would have to travel on Monday without a phone.  Found these guys here on Yelp, took the phone it, and the LCD was fixed in 35 minutes.  Total cost?  Only $60.  Wow.  The owner is as nice as they get, and knows how to fix just about any device.  HIGHLY recommended!
3	I had a cracked screen on my iPhone 5s for quite a while and this morning I dropped it...again and my screen shattered. I immediately went down to one stop wireless and got there before they opened (Granted the did open 5 mins late.) As soon as I walked in the owner, Jason, greeted me and asked what I needed help with so I asked how much it would be to replace my screen, although I had already read $100 online. He brought up the tech, Carl, who told me $125. When I said I was just going to go to another company the owner said he would knock the price down and give me a case at 50% off. They were very friendly and so flexible. While I was waiting the owner offered to change the channel to whatever I like and they had me check my screen to feel how it touches and reacts before having me pay. Thanks so much one stop wireless!!Update: my screen is starting to fade out on the reaction to my touch. It feels like it needs to be calibrated or something like that because it doesn't always pick up my touch or it is very off on the location of the touch.Update #2: a month later I dropped my phone and learned they never put my screws back in place because my entire screen popped out!!! Yay I went back and they pushed it back and replaced the screws but now my camera doesn't work. I think I'll just wait for the next iphone to come out and buy it instead of wasting more money.
5	I came to Vegas for the weekend. Sadly,  this morning I dropped my phone and  cracked my screen. I came to this store due to the good yelp reviews. I was surprisingly pleased! Carl was efficient, skilled, and made my phone like new in 15 mins.  I highly recommend this store- great customer service, great price, and proficient staff!
5	I took my iPhone 4s in today to get fixed. They fixed my screen, speaker and microphone in less than 30 minutes. The guys were really friendly and my phone came back good as new.
1	I took my iPhone 5c here because my screen shattered. It took less than 30 minutes to fix...After examining my phone further, the screen has a different feel to it. I also noticed a few "dead spots" making it hard to enter my password and use the letter "e" on my keyboard. Kind of annoying, but not even 2 days later, my new screen shattered while in my pocket. I've never had this happen before. I took it back to One Stop Wireless and the clerk said it was not covered by the warrantee and could only offer a "discount" towards another screen. What about guaranteeing your work? I would understand if I brought it back after a month of use or even a couple weeks, but 2 days? Who am I trying to scam? I just paid $130 and would expect it to last longer than 2 days. After refusing to fix my phone in good faith the store clerk had the nerve to proclaim "unbelievable!" as I was exiting the store. What's unbelievable is how you treat your customers. You had a chance to make things right, but invited me to write a negative yelp review instead. Good job protecting your profit.I would not recommend this place, their products, or service to anyone. You are better off going through insurance or buying a new screen at the apple store than taking a chance at One Stop Wireless.
5	Carl was extremely helpful and answered all my questions! This place has great prices, will definitely be back!
5	Great service and great prices. Knowledgable and friendly staff! Great location in silverado ranch area.
5	I have my new favorite iphone repair store! I came here to fix my shattered iphone 5 screen. The tech's name was Carl (with a C!), he said it would be a mere 20 minute repair so we waited. With the yelp check in I got a $5.00 discount. There's also another yelp offer available ($25 for $20). The total cost was about $90. As promised, in less than a half hour, I had a brand new pretty screen! Carl also included 2 screen protectors (one for my husband's phone too) He put them on for us, thankfully because that's the hard part lol. I highly recommend this store for all phone repairs!
1	I called four cell phone repair companies to get quotes on repairing cracked glass on my Samsung Note II.  This company quoted $155. The others were all under $100.
5	Carl and Marisol: these two know how to treat their customers right!  Very pleasant and easy to deal with!  They'll listen to what you have to say and won't upsell you on products!  It's rare to find great service like how these two do, especially in the cell phone business!  Thanks guys!
5	This place has great service and great prices! Very helpful and Carl fixed my iPhone in no time! Definitely saved me money considering Apple was going to charge me something ridiculous.
5	I drove 20 minutes to go here, though other repair shops were closer. One didn't have the part and the other gave me a quote over the phone for over $100.  I needed the top portion of my iPhone 5 replaced. One Stop Wireless ordered the part, got it the next day, and fixed it for $35!  One Stop Wireless is THE place to go!
1	Update:I'm so annoyed. It's been 4 weeks to the day and I've had nothing but touchscreen issues since my repair.Although their employees are really nice, you're better off just taking your phone straight to apple. At least it's a guaranteed fix. You get what you pay for, I should've known better. It's like taking your expensive foreign car to the discounted mechanic. Bad! My phone screen can't type, it opens apps and makes calls, it closes apps on it's own and is driving me mental.I'm over it, bought a new 5s today and will only take it to apple if I encounter any further issues. I wanted to like this place and I feel bad updating my review with a 1 star, but it is what it is.
5	Came in because I dropped my phone and cracked my iPhone screen.  There was no waiting and My phone was fixed in less then 90 minutes.  Everyone was very nice.  I would definitely go back, but I hope I don't have to!
5	Shattered my Nokia 928 and had it repaired in no time. Great service - friendly and fast. Highly recommend this place for repairs of all types of phones!
5	These guys are awesome. I dropped my phone a few weeks ago and not only cracked it but had small chunks of glass missing. Was held by masking tape. Took it in this morning and they fixed it up very fast. Feels and looks like new. Very good pricing. Would gladly do business with them again in the future.
5	Just had my screen fixed from here and am nothing but satisfied! Took 30 minutes and super great deal. Will definitely use again! Hopefully won't have to.. But if I do, I know where to go!
5	Got my LCD screen fixed here, and gave great customer service! walk in, & no lines! the worker gave me a great price to get my phone fixed. went to other repair shops in the area, and this place gave me the cheapest out of all them! got my phone fixed in less than 30 minutes! recommend going here!
1	DO NOT COME HERE!! WILL DAMAGE YOUR PHONE TO THE POINT OF NO RETURN!The only reason I came here was because my LCD broke and the person who worked at verizon told me about this place. What I should have done was research more repair shops than this place. I paid $235 to repair the LCD on my galaxyS4. It worked for a few weeks with no problem. Then all of a sudden my phone wouldn't charge at all and wouldn't even turn on. I went to verizon wireless and they got it to turn on and as soon as they started charging it for me, my phone became burning hot to the point I couldn't even hold it in my hands. My phone shut off automatically due to the heat and I couldn't get it to turn on again. I took it to a different repair shop that's been recommended by many people. They took apart my phone to see what was going on, and the guy asked me if I replaced my LCD on my phone before. He said that the people that replaced the LCD did something with the electrical wiring that's causing short circuits in the phone and basically will be hard to fix. So this repair place basically F'd up my phone. I paid $235 to these scam artists for them to only break my phone to the point of no return. I lost everything in my phone. All my contacts, photos! Everything! DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT THESE PEOPLE TO DAMAGE YOUR PHONE!
5	My iPhone 4 had a crack in glass.  Carl the lead tech was friendly upon receiving my phone.   Had it repaired and ready when promised. Overall the store layout is very clean  and uncluttered.  Good experience.
5	Love this place! The staff is super friendly and my shattered iPhone 5c screen was   Replaced in 10 min! Best prices in town too. Definitely earned a new customer here.
5	I just have to say that the master tech there is awesome! He's helped me more than once. I live on Cheyenne & 215 & will make the drive to One Stop Wireless for what I need done in my iPhone 5c. You can't beat his prices! I will be a repeating customer!
5	Just like any other crazy iPhone owner, I cracked my screen.. I know, I know! I know what you're thinking: "She's ridiculous, she probably flings her phone around and throws it on the floor, etc." But to that, I say--This is actually the first time I've broken a phone screen! Soooo, while panicking and searching like mad, I finally found OSW. The people that work there are super nice, helpful, and knowledgable. They also had pretty fast service for my specific issue. If there's one thing that I'm a sucker for, it's customer service! I went in and they fixed my screen within 30 minutes. The guy that fixed my phone even gave me a discount and some headphones, because I was such a friendly customer. Let me tell you, it pays to be a nice person out in Las Vegas. It was really nice to see people actually care about your customer experience! I would go back!
5	Super Fast Service and very friendly Staff! Defiantly be stopping back, hopefully I won't break my iPhone again. Thanks again guys!!
5	stopped on by one stop wireless for repairs to my iphone. i dropped it and my screen refuses to turn on anymore. they were able to fix it within 15 mins. great service and fast repairs recommend coming by.
4	Went in for a new battery, and walked out in less than 10 minutes. The only negative was the lack of phone case choices, but that may be because they just opened. Thanks One Stop Wireless!
5	Great customer service. Fixed my 4S screen in under an hour and it looks like new! I will for sure use them again. Highly recommended:-)
5	Awesome service! And in less than they said worth the time to check it out!  Thanks marisol!
5	Love this place! Their prices are the absolute best and Carl is so sweet! He put a screen protector on my phone so quickly and precisely. Love this place!! Will definitely be back
5	I came in with a cracked screen and they were able to replace my screen, buff out my dented phone (whoops) in 10 min! So fast. Thank you!!!!
1	At the beginning of last month we discovered the charging port on my mother's computer stopped working.  I called around and between overpriced places and those that were unwilling to do the work, I found of this company would and could.  They were friendly, and were willing to go out of their way to order the new port without a down payment.  They told me it would be available midweek.  I did not receive a call and so the next day after they told me it should have come in i called them myself.  I was informed it was in.  I took it in and was informed it could be up to three hours to repair.  I left, not living in the area and found things to do, being told he would call me ifi they repaired it early.  i came back at the appropriate time and was told they found out after opening the computer that they had selected the wrong port and would need to order the correct one.  I was a bit upset they had not called me earlier to let me know as it was inconvenient to try and find things to do when all along I could have been doing other things.  After a week i called and attempted to get an update and was told another few days.  I waited because I initially liked the guy who said he could do the work.  He was confident and very self assured.  Also the price was good.  That weekend I called again.  Same story and was told they would call me.  Still the next week I was told the same - no port had arrived.  A month of waiting.....I gave up on the company and chose another location.  I did receive a call from someone in the office and no voicemail had been left.  It would up being not a bad port perse, but just a bad sauter which needed repair after all.  so the repair could have/should have been completed that same first day.  Bad diagnose, don't get back to give status updates, and no work done.
5	Meant to update this sooner, the store offered me either a full refund or another repair to my phone. I haven't been able to make it back there but the gesture is certainly appreciated. I have since bought a new iPhone so I'm no longer in need of a repair but if I ever do, I'll definitely give them another shot.
5	They fixed my phone in under twenty minutes for almost half of what Apple wanted to charge! Very courteous and professional.
5	Thank you to Carl who took his time to fix my laptop. So awesome! He even saved all my data that I thought was lost. A must go to place for repair on a gadgets & even purchase accessories & new gadgets too!
5	I came in with a broken screen in my Iphone 5 and the guys who work there took great care of me and my phone at a really reasonable price. This place is very reliable and great if you have any phone or laptop/computer problems or questions!!
5	Due to the great Yelp reviews, I stopped by to have 2 of my phones repaired. When I dropped off the phones I spoke with Carl. He was very friendly and knowledgable. He had stated that the cost for 1 phone would be $45 and the other would be $75. The one cost for $75 though was for a phone that had water damage and he stated that if they couldn't get it to work there would be no charge. What did I have to lose!After a day I was called to let me know that had run into some issues and it would take another day for the water damaged phone. I said that would be fine.The next day I called back and was told that the water damaged phone was irreparable but the other phone was ready for pickup. My wife picked up the phones and gave me $5 off for checking in. I was only charged for the one phone and I guess I'll start using the other one as a paper weight. Attentiveness, experience and honesty, what else can you ask for. I would highly recommend this business.
5	Fast service to replace my broken LG3 screen. Thank you! As soon as I stepped in the store, Carl looked at my phone and immediately gave me a price and time to wait for it to be replaced.
5	These guys are AWESOME.  I will not go anywhere else EVER. Thanks guys you rock.I have taken my ipad and my cell phone both for new screens. They are knowledgeable and above all very polite and fast.
5	I found this place on   YELP  , I'm sooo ecstatic that I did find this place!!! I have a Galaxy S4 and yes I have bad luck with phones!!! Anyways to make a long story short,  prior to One Stop Wireless I took my S4 to Smart Fix (never again!) To get my screen repaired and yes I had to take it to Smart Fix twice and my S4 wasn't the same. Thanx to CARL  !! Carl informed me that the last place I took it to had put some weird glue under the screen so he tried to get the glue off, but wasn't able to so he ended up having to change out the LCD and screen which would have cost me over $200, but he ended up giving me a discount because he's awesome !!! I will never go anywhere else for my cell phone repairs,  ever !!! I will always recommend this place to family and friends !!! Thanx Carl and the One Stop Wireless crew for being the best in town,  and  Happy Holidays  ....
5	My mom droped her galaxy s3 early this morning and just killed her screen :( so i called around to find a good place to get her glass screen replaced and found one stop wireless.  We decided to try em out because every other place i called seemed pricey, and i like how i was treated over the phone.  i was quoted 65$, but when we came in the guy was awesome enough to do 60$ for us just because my mom mentioned it!  :-) it took a little over an hour for them to fix it, and now it looks like new again! the guy that helped us out was very charming, and funny, and had great customer service.  All around 5 thumbs up!  a great place and awesomely great service.  Would difinately recommend if anyone needs their phone fixed without paying out the ass for a new one, or going to a corperation to do it. Thanks for helping us out guy! Sorry i didn't get your name though!
5	This is the 3rd time using One Stop Services and - like the last 2 times - Excellent service!    Needed to fix my sons iPad mini glass. Great price & friendly staff. I highly recommend going here over anywhere else.
