4	Great restaurant, great service.  They have something on the menu for everyone and their prices aren't too high.  Make sure you get there early, or you'll have to wait in a long line.  You can call ahead and order food for take-out if you like too, but make sure you get some of their great breadsticks.
5	When my wife an I want to splurge, we prepare for an epic journey.Tempe doesn't have anything quite like Red White & Brew. The food is Americana... pizza, burgers, steak, pasta, seafood, etc... but better. Sooo much better. Everything has a little twist and is done really well, even for a vegetarian (its often tough to find good vegetarian food in the suburbs of Phoenix).The half-hour drive is well worth the effort, and the 202 Eastbound at 7pm is conducive to just cruising and talking with the love of one's life.There are no reservations, so be prepared to wait, as the locals know the place well (and I'm surprised that this is the first review).They have a good selection of beer and wine, but since they have Four Peaks on tap, that is all I care about.Some highlights, food-wise:* Toasted Jalapeno Raviolis. These normally come with Ranch/Salsa dipping sauce, but we always request the Chipotle Mayo sauce. It's to die for.* Blackbean Burger (with Chipotle Mayo)* Eggplant Florentine. It's huge!
5	I thought the prices were awesomeand the foodThe food actually impressed me!And I'm hard to impress.I like.
5	Red White & Brew...oh, how un-Mesa of you to exist...Sometimes I call RW&B the only real restaurant in Mesa, but that's usually when I'm being a bit snarky over the fact that it feels like (or in most cases, not only "feels like" but is completely true) every single thing out there is closed down by 8pm.  There's also a big lack of non-chain-non-crappy dive-restaurants in Mesa.  Red White & Brew fits the bill for a spot to grab dinner with my parents when I visit them.This is usually how the RW&B experience plays out:My mother and I go to dinner.  I get an iced tea, she gets a diet coke.  We devour the yummy garlic-y buttery rolls (note: extremely uncharacteristic of my mother to "devour" anything, let alone something described as "buttery"...I told you, this place is magic).  I order the French Onion soup (SO DELICIOUS, my favorite place to get French Onion Soup).  I also order the coconut shrimp with mashed potatoes and steamed veggies.  My mother eats the shrimp (so big, so good, so juicy--totally makes me miss seafood) and  I eat the sides.  We commence with deep conversation over various topics: Sex, Politics, My Sister, Our Family...my mother and I are very close, but especially over dinners here do we have some great conversation.We take the leftovers home to my dad or sometimes order to-go for him and my sister.The experience of course varies depending on who I'm with, but the experience is definitely always good.I always leave extremely full...even if I just eat a little bit (I think it's because I always drink so much tea).  PS Wide Beer and Wine selections along with the full bar.  Seasonal imports from far away places (like Nicaragua) and AZ Microbrew favorites of my father's.PPS Now there's a second location in very South Chandler.
4	I'm a fan of the restaurant.  Number 1, its locally owned and directly competes with the chains.  Needs to be supported by everyone and is deserving of your support.Number 2, the food is good American fare that is very full flavored and pushes the boundries on portion size.   If you like your plate to runneth over, you'll like RWB.  Its consistent, good and filling.  Wait staff is usually pleasant and attentive (when they are not totally slammed).  The atmosphere is nice and there is a small bar to get a drink while you wait for your table.Items which we order consistently and enjoy are pizza, mussels app (during the winter only), the steakhouse salad, seafood pasta, flat iron steak and yes, even the chicken parmiagiana which my wife and I ALWAYS split and still bring home leftovers.  They always have a good selection of specials and we try them often.Beer and Wine selection is pretty good for Mesa.  I prefer my beer hoppy and their selection on that front is limited.  Sometime's they'll rotate in a good IPA or at least have one in bottle.  Need more hops.  Enough said.Not bad on the wine list and its value compliments the menu.  No Lafite Rothschild here.  Usually a few rotating wines-by-the-glass as well.Drawback is usually the wait for a table as they do not accept reservations.  Especially for large groups and especially in the winter.  During the winter, coming early doesn't even help as the 'winter residents' love the early table.I've suggested many times that they should set aside one large reservation per weekend night but alas, no such luck.If you are here in East Mesa and need a solid, go-to option for dinner, RWB is your place.
4	Everyone's reviews on this place hit the nail on the head.  It's a great eatery that just happens to be located in East Mesa, but it could be located in Scottsdale or Phoenix or Paradise Valley.  If you're hiking, biking, boating or fishing as most East Mesans do, you're sure to pass this place on the NW corner of Power and McDowell, which isn't too far from the Tonto National Forrest and the Salt River.  I swear they pump out heavenly kitchen smells every evening to draw in unsuspecting, hungry drivers.  It works.  The restaurant is right off the street facing South on McDowell.  It's a hop, skip and a jump to a Starbucks (that's 100 paces) and has a nice porch with misters for the summer months.  However, you won't be craving Starbucks afterwards because "The Brew" as we call it really pushes the fluids.  CAUTION: If you're bringing someone who has trouble with balance or is disabled or if you are trying to decide which heels to wear when visiting, just note that the floor surface tends to be quite slippery.I'm not sure in which category the cuisine would be placed, but I'm going to say it's probably predominantly Italian American.  I say that because of the dishes, the pizza selection and sauces used and because this is the one place in Arizona where I would order a Cannoli.  Real, authentic Cannoli are illusive things.  They can either be filled with cream or custard or Riccota or a combo, which I prefer.  There should really be chocolate pieces and Italian cinnamon and maybe a couple Maraschino cherries inside.  The shell should be crisp and have a certain doughy cinnamon flavor, but not overpowering.   I don't go for adding alcohol or bits of dried fruit, but that would be an authentic version as well.Red, White & Brew offers the custard/creme Cannoli with chocolate chips inside (no cherries except for one on top) and the shell is 100% authentic with the Italian cinnamon flavor.  It's something to split with your date.  It's rich like cheesecake and goes quite well with an after dinner coffee or spirits.  I'd jog in place for an hour for one of these, is all I'm sayin'.
4	I have to say, the first couple times I went there. It was about a 45 minute wait and I do not like waiting in line to eat. So that always throws me off of a lot of places, but I have to say after the 3rd time we finally got in within minutes. The food was pretty good and the prices were reasonable. Eventhough I don't like lines it was well worth it to finally get in there. Remember it is out in East Mesa and a lot of snowbirds go there and they are on there way if not already here.
3	My parents live in the neighborhood behind Red White and Brew and thus we have eaten here many many times. In my opinion the best thing they have is their pizzas, we would always order in and pick them up. They are large and thin with great crusts and sauce. I love the garlic bread nubs that come with the pizza. When we dine in I like to get the black bean burger with their chipotle mayo, it is spicy and hearty. I love their specials, my favorite thus far has been their asparagus fries. I also enjoy their selection of beer, my favorite being a blueberry brew they once had and an octoberfest beer. I like RWB but I wish they didn't get so busy and had a larger building. There is almost always a wait at dinner, hence the calling in pizza.
4	I'm a major fan of RWB, and not just because I met my husband there. First, it's locally owned and operated. I like supporting local business when I can. Second, the staff is generally great. Knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. Third, the food. Oh my god the food. Let's start with the addictive garlic bread sticks you are given when you arrive. If they are straight out of the oven, you'll be in love. Ask for a side of marinara to dip them in and you'll be petitioning the state legislature to sanction human/breadstick marriage. Craving mussels cooked in a white wine broth? These are so good, and definitely NOT what I expect to find in suburban Mesa. The salads are large (the wedge salad is more of a head of lettuce with the top and bottom shaved off), fresh and well made. I'm a huge fan of the no-meat steakhouse salad. Their French Onion soup is great - but don't let that stop you from trying the daily soup specials. I have probably had about 10 different soups there and found them all incredibly well made. Their sandwiches are good, though I admit I rarely eat them. I tend to veer towards their seafood, pastas, and the pizza roll. Their egroomato is one of my favorites, but have them hold the garlic if you're not a garlic fan. I think what keeps me going back to RWB on a regular basis is their specials. Their chef seems to love to mix it up, both for lunch and dinner. If you are there and they have halibut cheeks on the menu, order them, especially if you have a love for lobster. You won't be sorry. Just glancing at today's lunch specials, they have everything from a BBQ chicken salad to a cattleman's steak sandwich to filet of orange roughy veracruzana. You'd think that trying to play so many palates would leave you stretched to thin - get ready to be surprised. I have only eaten dessert here a few times, and found it generally to be rather "ok", not spectacular like the rest of their food. As I am generally so stuffed (and taking home leftovers) from my meal, it's something I'm willing to live with. Only major issue with RWB is the no reservation clause.  It really is my only gripe with the restaurant.  So either go early or really late (though even sometimes that doesn't work) or be willing to wait.
4	I absolutely loved this place. I definitely don't live in the neighborhood but if I did I would be a regular.... No Doubt ! I have only had the pizza which I thought was amazing! Not quite as good as LGO but you can taste quality. I would definitely recommend if your in the area. Props to East Mesa.....Never thought I would Yelp those words... :)
5	Whenever we have out of town guests...we visit RWB.  Everyone is always impressed and always LOVE whatever they order.  Be sure to check out the specials - there are some yummy, yummy things listed there!  The portions are HUGE!
5	absolutely amazing seafood, and more!
2	I didn't like this place much. After reading all the excellent reviews I decided to go there with my hubby to celebrate my graduation and was disappointed.  I ordered the seafood platter over linguine and my hubby got some chicken with artichoke over linguine platter. The seafood on my platter was mediocre and the linguine was swimming in a oily puddle of bland tasting sauce.  It tasted like plain vegetable oil poured all over the noodles and for $20 I was regretting this choice. My husband's was also alright, his sauce was a bit oily also, but it had a little more flavor than mine. The portions are ridiculously huge also...and I mead ridiculous. It would be very wise to split an entree with someone if you go, but I don't recommend this place and will not return.
4	What I like about this place is that it is consistently good food, generous portions. It's one of the few restaurants in East Mesa that I know I can take visitors for a good, non-chain, meal.I was there on Saturday and this is how it played out: Our attentive and friendly waiter immediately brought the super-soft, right-out-of-the-oven garlic buns. I ordered a Shock Top Belgian Ale and  the coconut shrimp with a baked potato and steamed veggies. My friends ordered Fettucini Alfredo with Meatballs, Steak Salad and a vegetarian pizza. I tried the Steak Salad and will definitely order that next time. Not that mine was bad. After all, the shrimp were more like prawns and there must have been 8-10 of them. The steamed veggies (varieties of string beans & carrots) were perfectly tender-crisp. It's just that the flavor on the steak was surprisingly, uh, vibrant. I don't know what they marinated it in, but it tasted like it might have had some kind of citrus in it. Yum.We ordered two desserts - the cannoli which was properly crispy and the baked apple dumpling was cooked enough to soften, but not make the apple mushy. Yum yum.
4	We came to Red White & Brew as a quite large group and they were very accommodating. I was a little hesitant to come here since I don't drink and it had brew in the name, so I didn't know if the food would be any good. Well I was wrong. I had the meatball calzone and it was amazing, probably the best I have had.  The complimentary garlic bread was awesome. I have heard the pizza is great but have not yet tried it. I will for sure be coming back .
2	I don't understand how this place got such rave reviews. I really don't.When hubby and I went, it was some of the worst food and service we've received in a long, long time.The beer selection was deplorable (by hubby's standards) and the food fell even worse. I think our server knew hubby was going to be fussy because she made sure she was never available. She took our order and literally ran away, only to reappear to put food on the table (an extra star was given because she didn't PLONK or slap it down onto the table) and then...give us our check after we'd been left thirsty. She never asked how food was and was barely civil.I'll tell you how the food was - forgettable, like the rest of this place.Will we give this place another chance? Nope. What a pity...I thought this place was so cute when I walked in. Too bad service and food won't entice me back.
4	I found the best kept secret in Mesa on Valentines day. I was actually celebrating my birthday (belated) and happened upon this restaurant which I heard so much about from other Yelpers. I started my meal with the best martini that I have ever had and it was full to the brim, James Bond would have agreed too! The mussels were plump and briney swimming in a white wine garlic infused sauce that still lingers on my palate as I write this. The entree I choose was a 16 oz boneless rib-eye steak incrusted with capers,shallots,garlic and asigo cheese. WHAT A STEAK !! The baked potato was BAKED and not steamed and the side of mixed green beans were crisp and cooked the way veggies should be. I forgot to mention that the side salad with blue cheese was great along with the school of anchovies I requested on the side. My dining partner (female) had a great meal too, but she will have to tell you about hers because her satisfaction went unheard because I was too busy enjoying my meal, not the first time her coments went unheard (if you know what I mean). I had a great B-Day, V-Day combo and will visit again soon and it won't have to be a special occasion, just HUNGRY for food prepared by creative chefs.
4	I cannot give it 5 stars because the service isn't always amazing and the wait can be pretty long. But definitely 4 stars worthy because of the delicious garlic bread they start you off with. They have a decent wine and beer list. The salads are good, even better if you add chicken or salmon! I haven't had anything on the menu that wasn't worth trying. They do have some great Specials daily. The halibut cheeks are quite a fav! But I do wish they had more of a routine schedule because they have a great broccoli cheese soup (try it if its on that night). Enjoy your meal, just don't fill up on garlic bread!
5	Great Food, Good Service...and to show up on a Friday night at around 7 and be sat in 20 minutes..wasn't bad...We will definetly be back...
4	I have been going to the RWB in Mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn good.  As a vegetarian I have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but I typically will just stick to the pizzas and salad. The eggplant Florentine is very good too, but the serving is enough to get you through 4 meals!  That is true with most of their food, the portions are large, so don't be turned off by the prices.   I would have to agree on the comments below on the service; it's nothing to write home about. The only thing I will say is that I know several people who are regulars at the brew and they are treated like gold... so maybe there's something us occasional patrons are missing.  If you are area, I would definitely recommend RWB.
4	This is a popular place and it gets crowded. The menu has a wide selection of food, the service is good, and overall it is an enjoyable dining experience. I'd go back again!
5	We visited Red White and Brew on a Saturday at 6:30.  My wife, two year old daughter and myself were seated immediately even though the restaurant had a full parking lot when we pulled in.  The greeters and waitress were friendly.  We were waited on shortly after we were seated. We enjoyed fresh garlic butter bread while we decided on our meal. My wife had the top sirloin and coconut shrimp and I had the olive crusted ribeye.  My steak was one of the best if not the best ribeye I have had and my wifes was tender and tasty. The vegetable sides were perfectly steamed and seasoned and were delicious.  Overall we were highly satisfied with the experience.
5	My father-in-law lives in Mesa, and we go to RWB every time we visit.  Everything on the menu is great.  My wife particularly loves the creme brulee.
1	I would give this 1 star if I could.  I've been there many times, and overall the food is bad and the service is worse!  The food is terrible, I ordered a cobb salad with extra avocado, that cost me over $15, and the avocado was spoiled so the whole salad was inedible.  It was to-go so I didn't bother to call, but when I told them a couple weeks later after the waitresses forgot our sides on two separate occasions, they told me they didn't believe me about the avocado!The service gets 0 stars.  Twice in one week, both of the times we ordered to-go, the airhead waitresses forgot our sides (a salad one time, and veggies another time).  When I called, they suggested I go all the way back and pick it up!  Since I was at home, they told me they'd give me a $2 credit!   After these 3 horrible experiences (not to mention the bad food on prior occassions that I just ignored), I finally spoke to a manager, Eric, who offered me a dessert to cover it all!  (The sides were worth $2 each, and the salad like $15).  When I told him I'm diabetic and about the avocado, he said he couldn't credit me for $19 without talking to the OWNER!  Are you kidding?  This place has always sucked, but we go there since it's close to where we live.  Now I find out that they are cheap and don't even support their regular customers.  Stay away, and go to cheesecake instead.  The food, ambiance, and the prices are all better there!
3	at least the portions are big....the food is ok of the main menu, the specials are much better.  very noisy and often a LONG wait due to a lack of seating.  overall not bad, but they could improve a lot very easily if they wanted to.
5	I don't believe we have ever had poor service or a bad food experience at Red, White , & Brew.I have to say the bread is always fresh and amazing, so much so that I always seem to enjoy too much of it.If you have never had their steak salad, you need to try it.  It's a tender, well marinated steak sitting on a fresh salad.Also, the portions are very generous.  I recommend splitting a meal so you can enjoy one of their amazing deserts!
5	Large portions. Great bread sticks. Chicken parmesan was top quality.
5	Love R,W&B....The food is great the service is great....They always have all kinds of different specials and soups.  I have had pizza to salmon and never been disappointed!   There is a reason the line is out the door!  Thanks to all the employees for all their hard work to make this little pub a great success!
4	The unlimited bread they give you with your meal is DELICIOUS. My boyfriend and I shared the Mediterranean pizza here. It was so garlic-y (in a good way) and yummy. I would definitely order it again. The service was good. There was a wait but it's been like that every time I've been here and I take it as a good sign :)
4	I have yet to eat here,  but next time I am out that way I will be sure to give their pizza a go.  The girl next to me was sure enjoying hers.  Their beer selection is excellent and the atmosphere and decorations inside would make it a great place for date night.
5	Arrived with nine in tow.  We were expecting an hour wait.  Turnover at the bar opened up three stools and there was a bench outside.  Great selection of local drafts, also a nice Malbec.
4	The food was great. We ordered pizza and an appetizer. The drinks were very good. Service was timely and friendly. I highly recommend.
3	what i haven't reviewed this place yet and iv been here 100 times ...no serious at least, it is the best eatery in the east valley but my friends at Corbin's could really help spice up there menu. the food is good here but once you get use to the menu it gets old quick. there pasta dishes are over sauced or buttered chicken wings are some of the better ones iv had pizzas are good ect all the times i have been there and the owner has seen me he has never said hi,thanks for coming,good to see you AGAIN.........get out......... oh this place is usually packed between 5ish and 8ish again because its one of the few and far between better places in the east valley....they do have a great beer slection
2	Disappointing food, little high priced for what you get.
4	After months of trying to go here, I finally did.  I must day, it was worth the wait.  The chicken sandwich that I had was had a pesto-mayo that was fantastic, and the chicken itself was cooked perfectly.  Wash it down with an ice cold beer and you've got the makings for a good Sunday afternoon.
5	This restaurant caught our eye when we were in the plaza across the street. I saw it had a good rating on Yelp, so we decided to try it out one night when I had to work late and this type of food sounded really good.My husband had the Gourmet Burger and I had the Marinated Grilled Chicken sandwich, with their bread pudding for dessert. (I'm a sucker for bread pudding. If I see it on the menu, I have to try it.)The Gourmet Burger was a nice, simple burger with really yummy meat. I loved my sandwich particularly. It was served with a side of pesto mayonnaise that was absolutely delicious, and the chicken and mozzarella were so yummy.The bread pudding was good - different than many places. It was dense, and I felt it could have used a little more flavor or more variety - it was a little hard to eat after awhile.The service was very good and attentive. It was less expensive than I expected looking at the prices on the menu, but we did choose cheaper options.Will definitely return!
4	This is one of my haunts when I'm up in northeast Mesa.  The food is good, the menu has a nice selection and the prices are decent.  It is also conveniently located near the 202 freeway.
4	It's a fact I give a lot of 4 stars...The food is good and creative, they have good pizza and wonderful specials.The service has always been great and the lunch is really good.  I take out of town guests here, visiting relatives and one time a wayward monk and all have been pleased.  OK I jest about the monk.Try it, have a special, enjoy some wine - don't go to a chain restaurant....
3	This place was jumping on a Sunday afternoon. Thought it was good, not great. The beer was delicious. The food average. I had a huge gourmet burger which was tasty but bland. The side salad option was boring too. Dining mates burgers were a smidge overcooked and their sides; fries and onion rings were better. I would return for the beer and perhaps some pub fare.
2	I don't understand the line to get into this place.  The food is mediocre at best.  The prices are a bit high for what they are.  However the portions are huge.  The wait staff was great and my Margarita was excellent.  I may make it back to the bar but I will skip the restaurant.
3	I had wanted to come here for awhile because I live in the area but I was a little disappointed. I got the beef and reef. The steak was not very good. The shrimp scampi was delicious however. I would probably try the pasta or pizza next time, if I come again...
3	3 stars for: gluten-free pizza crust, gluten-free beer and a great waitressdon't think i'll sit down here to eat again, costs a pretty penny for "a-ok food."
3	Okay...so you get a HUGE portion so make sure you're hungry when you go! The bread sticks and sauce is SUPER tasty, but to be honest, the chicken parmigiana was so-so. the breading on the chicken was mushy and the flavor was bland. The pasta was perfectly cooked, but I wish the meat and overall flavor was better. The waitress was pretty much MIA for most of the meal which wasn't helpful.I'll probably go again to give this place another try, but I'm hoping my experience will be better.
1	Wow, what a disappointment.   Pizza appeared to be their specialty and we went with a nice four topping pie and the $7 house salad to split.   The pizza was the equivalent of a bad frozen pie.   Horrible.  We ate one and a half of the 6 slices and could eat no more.   The waitress mentioned a new pizza cook that day but did not offer to comp this mess.   Oh, and the salad was the pour out of a $1 bag variety with a pile of shredded carrots on top.   Don't waste your time on pizza.   Could not comment on any other food at this place and never will as I won't be back.
5	I go here at least twice a month, if not weekly on tuesdays, with a large group of  regulars. It's always packed and for good reason. The "meet the meat" is AMAZING! If you have not had this, and give this place a poor review... You fail. It is seriously one of my favorite spots for a Good casual diner and a tall Blue moon.
4	Very good food, nice atmosphere, efficient wait staff.  My only complaint would be that there is always a wait for a table. Get there early people!
4	Always hot yummy food. Sometimes they are so busy that the wait staff gets behind, but worth it for the food
5	RW&B is one of our favorite restaurants! The food is always fantastic and everyone is always so nice :) I just wish they would build one on the west side of town!
4	My wife and I were in the 'hood after coming from a local business and were looking for a place to eat dinner.  I had previously did a bit o' searching on Yelp and this place looked like a winner.  So we checked it out.   As soon as we got out of the car, the beautiful smell of garlic wafted to our noses.  Mmmmmm, heaven (if you love garlic!)  It was a Wednesday night and when we got inside, we found it would be up to a 40 minute wait for a table.  We put our names on the list anyway and checked out the other option: no wait, if you can find seating at the bar area.  After maybe 15 minutes, a table opened up there, so we wound up sitting near the bar.  No big deal--there was a TV on, which wasn't loud, and the bar crowd wasn't noisy.A waitress came shortly and took our drink order. Shortly, a waiter delivered a plate of their signature warm soft garlic bread sticks to our table.  A delicious start to the meal! We looked at the appetizers--several creative options.  We ordered the Calamari Steaks fra Diavlo, which turned out to be about the size of steak fries, covered with breading with a spicy tomato sauce.  The sauce wasn't too spicy, but we also asked for marinara.  Both sauces were tasty.  The calamari came out nice and hot to the touch, which kept them very warm, at least, throughout the eating.  They were nice and tender.  The only thing was I thought the breading could have been a bit lighter.For an entree, I ordered baked cod with orzo tossed with spinach and sundried tomatoes.  It was a large enough serving for 3 meals (yes, I took the rest home).  The orzo, spinach and sundried tomato combo was colorful and tasty, and the cod was moist and flaky.My wife ordered the strip steak with optional gorgonzola cheese melted on top.  It came with a triple serving of mashed potatoes--the real thing with pieces of skin in it, plus a bit of blue cheese on top, and some broccoli.  It was supposed to come with fried onion rings, but they weren't initially brought out.  When we noticed them missing, we notified the waitress and she brought them as soon as they cooked up some more.  I tasted them--the onions were nice and sweet.  And my wife's steak was cooked just the way she liked it.We made room for dessert, getting the flourless chocolate cake, which was like eating a wedge of not-too-sweet fudge.  It was served with strawberry sauce and whipped cream.  A chocolate-lovers dream!Throughout, our waitress was very cheerful and, while the place was busy, she was available when we needed her.Nice, fun, casual place, with some creative and different ways of cooking some of American favorites in food.
5	Red White and Brew is the perfect example of how a restaurant should be run!  The quality, consistancy, food portions, food choices, staff, cleanliness etc is absolutely impeccable.  Ron, the owner,  should give classes to other local establishments on how to run successful business.   My family has eaten here for the past 9 years at least twice a week, sometimes ordering to go food as well as having them cater many large private parties for us as well, I have never come across a better place to give my money.    The first time I ever ate heree (9 years ago) I remember be "put off" by the location, but please, if you are petty like I am, give it a chance.  You will have it on your weekly dining out calendar once you do!   :)   Cheers!
5	Always good. Lots of food, plenty to share. Plan on a moderate wait.
1	Jan, 2012:  I went in and ate w/my daughter and best friend in 1/12 as RWB was suggested by a previous employee.  The food was so/so, but the service was AWFUL.  After an hour and 1/2 wait, we were seated in a drafty corner booth that was placed in front of a door.  The cold air poured around the door, which made my adult daughter uncomfortable. However, when they started chucking things at the door from the other side, we couldn't take it anymore.  When we asked to move, we couldn't find our waitress and another waitress standing nearby was very tentative.  She checked with the hostess, which wouldn't give her a decision, and then started to say no, as we saw two tables in front of us starting to leave.  We had to demand to be reseated, as they were about to seat someone that had just arrived (after we'd waited over an hour!!!).  So, we moved to another booth.We received our food (which had huge portions), but the flavor combos were off.  The pesto pasta I had was covered with (approximately a cup) of sundried tomatoes, which seriously overwhelmed everything else.  At the finish of our meal, I was less than satisfied, and told our waitress.  She listened very attentively, and suggested we talk to management.The Mgr came over (short caucasian lady) and listened to our story.  She said she'd get to the bottom of it, but we just wanted to leave.  She came back and said that the server we spoke to was new, and said no because she didn't know better (what?  Where's the training???).  She offered to comp my meal, but I had already had my $45 plus (for two entrees eaten and one to go) charged to my card.  So, she said she would put a credit down under my name.  When I complained about the wait, the poor service, and the food, she defended the food saying that they have tried to change the dish several times but the regulars just wouldn't have it.  About the wait, she said "come back once the Snowbirds have left, and give us another chance".April 30, 2012:  It is already getting hot in AZ, so I thought I'd take a chance that the Snowbirds were gone and try to get my comped meal from RWB.  We waited just 5 minutes, were seated in a tiny booth, and when the manager (very tall African American man) came by to check on us, I explained that I had gotten a comped meal from our poor last experience, which was supposed to be under my name.  The Mgr asked how long it had been and I replied "I don't know, a couple of months ago?"  and he left to get the comp info.  The Mgr returns a few minutes later to tell me apologetically that the comp left was "only $15".  The interesting thing is that I had not told him that I was expecting a $45 comp, so it sounded fishy from the start.  I explained our terrible service, how I was going to be comped, and that the previous Mgr said that she would take care of us next time.  He flat didn't care.  He actually kept referring to the fact that it had been longer than a "couple of months" since my last visit (okay, it had been 3 months----big deal).  He finally said "well, since it's been more than a couple of months, I have to go with the notes left by the other manager."  I told him to tell her that she has no integrity, and that we won't be back.  I took my $15 comp, and used it towards a fettucine alfredo w/italian sausage, which I found to be poor (too saucy, and the sausage had skin on it, which was wierd).  The bread brought to the table was good.  The waitress was excellent, and I gave her a fat tip ($11 on a $14.15 check), but told her we wouldn't be back and why.  She was sad....I am through with them.
4	This is my favorite restaurant!  Recommendations on dining would be the surf & turf (the shrimp is amazing and they should really think about making it a full meal) or any type of steak!  The bread sticks are absolutely the best I've ever had! My one and only complaint would be the one time my husband picked up pizza for carry out - they were slightly rude to him while he waited.  The pizza a pretty good deal considering the quality.
5	I always get amazing food here. Never fails, the wait is usually kinda long maybe like 45 min. but its a good thing because thats how popular they are in our are. Their service is amazing and so are the breadsticks. We actually had them cater our wedding. They are the best in the area.
5	We've been going to rw&b since it opened, we live in Las Sendas never had a bad meal.  Alway enough left over for a second meal.
4	RWB is NOT just a beer joint, don't let the name fool you. They have great food selections and good service. We have had a couple of uh ohs, so I couldn't give them 5 stars...but we still love it and will go back. Their special recipes are delicious!
4	Really good food.  Their pizza, chicken parm and spaghetti with meatballs are favorites.  There's often a wait but good things are worth waiting for.  Really large portions, usually good service, casual fun atmosphere.  Also a fan of their garlic bread.
2	I Had The Linguini RWB Shrimp and Mushroom. The Shrimp and Mushroom where good the Linguini had No flavor at all there was no sauce at all I guess It was my fault for not reading the whole thing I just assumed that it would have some kind of sauce but It's ok this was the Second Time I been here first time I was disappointed too I had the "No Bones Buffalo Chicken Breast"  and to be honest if it didn't cost 10 bucks I wouldn't ate as much at I did and I still didn't eat it all. My friends said the pizza was good, I had a slice I wasn't impressed.. But to say something nice and the reason I gave it two stars not one was the service was not and the atmosphere was nice too.
4	We love going here with the family.  The food is always great and the prices are reasonable.  I would give it 5 stars but the service is not always the best and the long waits for a table can be annoying.
3	Good food, slow kitchen.After probably two dozen meals at Red White and Brew in Mesa, I think I can finally write an objective review.Food quality is pretty good overall. They make an effort to add creativity and include a few healthy options and good seafood specials. The complimentary garlic bread is great, and the bar service is some of the best I've come across. Bartenders are friendly, efficient, and most importantly, knowledgeable about their offerings. As a New Yorker, I have struggled to find good pizza in AZ, and didn't expect much of the RWB pizza. I must admit I was stunned at how good it is. Still not NY style (it doesnt try to be), but easily the best in east Mesa.My biggest reason for detracting two stars is the speed of takeout service. Recently, I called ahead. It was slow; they estimated 15 minutes for 2 salads. I showed up and waited, and waited. 33 minutes later they were ready, and it was chilled, pre-cooked chicken on there! With that type of wait over twice the estimate, we will think twice if we have time constraints going forward. That has happened a few times. If the service improves going forward I'll update, because I'd love to have some five star non chain restaurants in Mesa...
5	We just start having dinner in R, W and B restaurant and have change a lot for better, the food and service is much better, very bussy but is word and the best in the area.We are going back there again and again.
5	All time favorite restaurant.  The best quality, quantity, and price.  They have the best eggplant Florentine I have ever had.  (from a pure-blooded Italian).  I would recommend this place to anyone.+1 for carrying four-peaks brew.
2	We have been there on 2 occasions.  Both times we had very slow service even though there was hardly anyone in there.  The food was good.  I had the fish and chips the first time.  They only have them on special days.  I felt like fish and chips again so my son looked up the menu on the Internet, called and yes it was the special of the day.  Went in at 3:00 p.m. where they seated us and took our drink order.  The waitress didn't come back!  She was busy chatting to other customers.  Finally she came back over to us as she noticed that my husband's drink was empty.  Then she asked what we would like to order and we all said fish and chips.  She said there were out of them and also out of one of the other specials of the day.  Then she tried to serve us the wrong order.  Slow, slow, slow.  Next time we are going to order carry out.
2	came here because the rv park owner told us it was THE BESTPerhaps our problem was we came for lunch. Very disappointing in the quality and flavor of the food.
5	o ya, they do really nice job and the food, ya buddy. Good pizza and service!
5	Excellent, make sure you try the garlic bread. Beet salad with candied walnuts mmmm. Pomagranite dressing. Meatballs delicious and marinara sauce to die for. Will definitely go back and try more dishes from here. The walleye looked very good.
5	Great food! This place is amazing food is great and the prices our good!  Be ready to take home the left overs portions are huge!Happy hour at the bar is a great place to wait for your table. Four peaks on tap!
4	Let's get the negative out of the way: Kinda pricey always Busy(crowded).......But the portions are generous &...The Pizza is Awesome, The French onion soup is YUMMY!!, & they give you these garlicky, warm bread sticks (FREE!), They have a great beer selection and the bar side has a great atmosphere. Been 3x, had same waitress twice, Great Service!!Just moved here for IL and this is our new favorite go to spot!!
3	Formidably Worthwhile?  If you really understand that there is no 'REAL' Italian big-box food to be found outside of New York or Chicago (probably even Italy itself), then you'll appreciate the fact that RW&B is somewhat decent for its moderate prices, family ambience, food value and respective adherence to the semblance of 'American' Italian food. Although everyone's taste is different, this stands above many within its reasonable price range. When visiting Phoenix and in the mood for above average run-of-the-mill Italian, we'll return to here!
5	RW&B is without a doubt a must eat place. The food is awesome and you can't beat the daily specials! However, one of my favorite things about this place are the people who work there. ALWAYS smiling, accommodating, kind and friendly. I go at least 2 or 3 times a month to get a yummy fix. I will tell you that the soups they serve are some of my favorites around. Go, eat, and feel welcome when you eat at RW&B, you will be very pleased, I promise.
4	It was our first time at the restaurant however they did cater an event we attended at Christmas time.  It was very busy and we were told the wait was 30 minutes.  It was 45 min to 60 minutes however, so plan on the time frame given being off.  The food both then and now was wonderful.  I has the cheese pizza.  It was fresh, flavorful and nice NY style crust.  My husband had fettuccine alfredo w/chicken.  The portion was large and he said it was very good (he is a man of few works)  The rest of our party has the coconut shrimp and the penne w/sliced meatballs.  Both were very much enjoyed.  For dessert we had caramel creme brulle and cheesecake.  both are made on premises and very fresh and flavorful.We will most certainly be back as there are other items we want to try.
4	the local north mesa restaurant. after 5, prepare for a wait.. daily. happy hour and a small but ok variety of craft beer and mixers, wine of course. bar is crowded usually, service is fast, staff is friendly, a nice place to take the family. i have been at least 5 times, and won't discourage you from going. fare is decent, specials keep it interesting. fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour. nice, open, friendly, and carries local craft beer. 4 stars!
5	Alright my friend and I came here for dinner because its fairly close to my house. Our waiter was fantastic! Always was there when our drinks were running low, didn't have to ask her twice for something and she was just very polite and professional. The food was so amazing too, the specials are always delicious as well. I seriously recommend this place if you want tasty food with a nice atmosphere. Ive come here multiple times and its nearly becoming my favorite place to eat out at. :)
5	I love this place; they easily have the best food in a short radius to my house. Here is Red White & Brew in a nutshell: excellent food, quick and friendly service, extensive drink pairings, and consistent quality.  RW&B is probably the best restaurant in East Mesa. They are as good as most any fine dining restaurant, but it has the price tag of an Outback or a Cheesecake Factory. While they have great pizza, steaks, pasta, burgers, chicken, and weekly/seasonal specials, the big surprise is their fish. Fresh, quality seafood is hard to find in AZ, and is almost nonexistent outside of big chains that can fly theirs in cheap. Thankfully, RW&B is close to home and is decently affordable. For the money, this is the best food in eastern Mesa.
3	Ate on the patio since it wasn't too warm.  The server was pretty confused at the beer offerings and couldn't explain them.  A little preparation is a big plus if the word "Brew" is in your name.  The waitress was adequate once we got past the beer debacle, but not tremendous.Had the Sea Bass with a side salad, and corn polenta.  The fish was a little over cooked, the salad good, and the polenta was excellent.  All in all, worth another try, since the seafood menu was extensive for the region, and a restaurant of this size.  Could easily give them 4 stars if they tweaked the fish prep and the beer knowledge.  In fact, giving them a second shot tonight, and I'll be surprised if they can't garner 4 stars.  Give them a try and see what you think.
3	I was randomly in Mesa with two people who also have no knowledge of Mesa. We ended up here and it was fine - but probably not the place we had in mind. Red, White, and Brew is like a glorified Applebee's. Lots of families, lots of wood booths. Based off the name, I was hoping to be blown away by the beer selection, but it was pretty standard. Maybe the real problem was that our server was a little odd. Very friendly, but odd. He stood a little too close, came over a little too often. One of the odder things was that he snatched my full glass of water because there was no ice in it anymore ... that had been intentional - I don't like ice in my water and had been waiting for it to melt. Again, not ill-intentioned, but a little odd. We ordered the pita pizza appetizer and it was cold - the cheese partially melted. Meh. The mains were all fine - but again, very comprable to an Applebees. I don't live anywhere near here, but if I did - I wouldn't be back.
5	Best spaghetti I ever had.
3	As others have mentioned, the portions are huge and the beer selection is decent. It doesn't approach the quality or quantity of other area restaurants that focus on beer selection, but it's OK.In my experience the food was quite good. Some at my table had steak and it was cooked well. The flank steak with adobo and beer sauce was very enjoyable. Two in our party also had coconut shrimp which were very tasty. The salads are pretty bad--think about getting another veggie or potato for your side dish.The service is pretty friendly but weirdly slow considering that the place is on the small side and there seem to be staff members everywhere. We were told it would be a 15-20 minute wait so we went into the bar to get drinks and were almost immediately called to a table. The bartender was a nice guy.
5	Everything is good here
4	I have been hearing about this place for months now, but it is so far from where I live I just haven't been able to get out there. So when I had to meet up with someone in East Mesa, she suggested RW&B. We got there early for lunch on a Thursday (11:30) and glad we did because it filled up quickly! The service was great...the manager was opening the doors for people and welcoming them when we arrived. Our server was prompt and pleasant. We checked out the menu, and although this place is known for the fish, I had the California Turkey Burger and my friend the house salad with chicken added. The burger was perfect and served with provolone, roasted red peppers and avocados along with a delicious garlic/sundried tomato aioli on the side. Although this place is far far away, I know I will be back to try the dinners....can't wait!
5	I work up the street from RWB and get their soup for lunch 2-3 times a week via the to-go counter. The girls that help me couldn't be nicer and the soup & breadsticks are to die for. For the first time last night, my husband and I went into the restaurant to have dinner. It was the best dinner I have EVER had. I had the halibut cheeks with asiago scalloped potatoes with a bowl of cream of mushroom soup. I have had the soup before, and it is one of my favorites. It is nothing like the stuff you get in the can. It is full of very large sliced mushrooms and is soooo yummy. The halibut cheeks were amazing. They taste quite a bit like crab, but with none of the work of trying to pry the meat from the shell, and they are served with hot butter. My husband had the boneless spare ribs, and they were also wonderful. The breadsticks you get with your meal are also wonderful. We will definitely be back for dinner again soon.
5	Almost one of the best places to eat in the east valley! Its just so good, go give it a try. This place is a real hit and it never disappoints. When you go to eat here its like livin' like a billionaire. Sometimes there is a line but they get you in as fast as they can, which is ok because its WORTH THE LONG LINE. this place is not like other places where they leave you hanging on the hook! This place has a bar, inside sitting and out very roomy and great for large parties. Its super clean and never dirty which is great because i don't like messes. The food is Fab! i like the chicken marsella and for desert i recommend the creme burlee/key lime pie. The restaurant is so good sometimes you just want to go there for the dessert.
5	Great neighborhood spot. Really good service and food. If ever I've had a problem with a dish, they take care of it. No questions. Oh, and they have really good selection of regional micro and craft brews.
5	Never have had a bad thing here! My family and I come here very often and love it! Awesome specials every day, I have loved every soup I have tried here. When they have the Halibut cheeks on there special GET THEM, they are delicious!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Best Gluten Free Pizza I have ever tasted.  The staff here is the sweetest too.    I usually just zip in for a pizza to go, but their entrees smell and look fab.  Definitely the place to check out in Mesa,AZ if you like Euro cuisine.
4	A very busy place, which says a lot about their good beer and gourmet food selections. Priced reasonably, and staff was very courteous as well as attentive. I've tried their pastas, and pizzas mainly and all have been excellent.  Not the place to go with a date for a quiet candle lit dinner, however.
4	This is our neighborhood place to go....and we only go here 2-3 times a year only because we can't get in.  The wait sometimes is so long we go elsewhere.  So, we manage to come the  "in between" times.The food here has always been consistent...which is what you want.  Large portions and they have daily specials which is great.  The food is great!  I love their salads, we have had their fried asparagus, onion rings-yum and my most favorite coconut shrimp.  Their chicken anything is always good and pasta.   This place has great comfort food.The staff....always wonderful.  They are top notch and always friendly, great suggestions, not afraid to tell you...my favorite is....  The bar serves great brews and a good wine selection.  OH...and if it's your birthday nice little touch, dessert is on them.
4	Service is excellent. We are regulars and enjoy the garlic bread and special dishes of the night. The drink selection is fair. It's not a great place to watch sports it's a better place to get to know people and socialize.
5	One of our favorites. We order pizza here a couple times a month. Dining there is always tasty. Nice variety of items on the menu. Gets very busy and a little noisy but worth it!Highly recommend their catering services for parties. They work with various dietary restrictions, make excellent dishes for large groups. Try to save room for true New York style cheesecake.
5	I have been here twice and been impressed with their food both times. I can't recall the name but we ordered a meat lovers pizza on both occasions along with a salad to share. The portions are very generous and the food is great, I would definitely go back again and I have recommended to many already.
4	Raising my previous rating to 4 stars, primarily because the bulk of great service and great meals as dine-in have overshadowed the hit-or-miss takeout experiences I've had. I've had a few mediocre meals and a few outstanding ones. Never a bad meal, which is a pretty good accomplishment after 35 or so visits.
4	I have to say that I wasn't excited about going.  I'm not a fan of big places like Outback, Claim Jumpers, and the like.  But I was so not prepared for this menu.  I had Halibut Cheeks...and they were SO delicious.  Our waiter, Jacob, helped it to be an enjoyable evening sitting outside on this beautiful autumn evening.  His brew suggestions were spot on as were his menu tips.  There was not one person at the table who went away with a full, satisified tummy and a big grin on their faces.  My husband had a delicious bourbon soaked salmon with sweet potatoe ravioli.  I can't wait to go back and I have a feeling 5 stars are in its future.
2	I ordered the "Signature Martini" and it was the worse martini I've ever had. It tasted like cough syrup. We ordered the Buratta cheese appetizer. It was very bland and served with un-ripened tomatoes. I ordered the Pomodora for my main dish and it was also bland and stale tasting. The only positive from this night was the sangria drink substitution, the complimentary bread, outdoor atmosphere and friends. We will not be returning here.
4	I love me some Red White & Brew! There are not a ton of really good restaurants in the far East Valley they are not a chain so it is great to have a place like this to go to. They are always so busy so we get carry out a lot but whether you dine in or get it to go, the food is AWESOME! I love the gorgonzola salad and the four cheese pizza with garlic cloves. And their garlic bread is delicious!! Plus they have daily specials that are always so unique and yummy. We have been coming here since they opened many years ago. If you are in Northeast Mesa and have not yet checked them out, you are missing out!!
5	I think this is the best restaurant I've been to since I moved here.  You walk in and it smells as if you are bathing in garlic.  They bring out a warm, buttery garlic bread that is delicious, save some for the meal.  One of the best French onion soups I've had.  The salad was also awesome.  Very fresh and flavorful.  Portions are very generous.  Great selection of brew.  Will definitely have to go back!
5	This is probably one of my top 3 favorite restaurants. The food is EXCELLENT, big selection from American to Italian to good seafood (for Arizona at least). The portions are large, get a TOGO box and have a full meal the next day. I've eaten here at least a half a dozen times, never had a bad experience. Cost is VERY reasonable. I have nothing bad to say about this place, no complaints. Park in the subway lot and walk over, lot gets congested with cars and pedestrians.
2	Fun name, mediocore food.While visiting friends his summer, I investigated on "yelp" to find places to eat. My friend Bobbi suggested this place for their pizza and brew. And, upon inspection of other tables near to us, the pizzas looked good.  Unfortunately, the taste offered less than what my eyes observed. Our party ordered a variety of pizza, pasta, salads, steak. Flavoring for the dishes we had were all consistent in tasting bland. Food portins are large.Staff are nice, pleasant, and fun.Save your pennies and search elsewhere for eats and drinks.
4	It's been a while since we've been here... They no longer have the onion rings on the menu? What is the world coming to??
1	Up until tonight we ate here weekly. No more! Service was poor, did not EVER bring my wife's salad and my baked potato was only partially cooked. They took a whole two bucks off the bill, never brought the salad, and the server never apologized for not bringing the salad. Maybe 1 star was too high a rating come to think of it.
4	RWB is a good quality restaurant, regular menu items are always good and the garlic rolls are on point! Has been a little inconsistent especially when they are extremely busy. But still better than any chain restaurant. The pizza is very good. Our favorite regular item is the flat iron steak .
4	The name of this place is deceiving: it sounds like it's a dive bar, but their goal is to be a nice restaurant. I've been here for lunch and have enjoyed the majority of the dishes I've tried and the service has always been better than average. The place feels cramped no matter where you sit and it gets pretty noisy when it's full. Expect to pay a lot for lunch, but the portions are fairly large depending on what you order, so here's a tip: you can split a dish with someone and they'll bring it out on two plates for you. This makes it more reasonable and you still won't leave hungry.
5	Great food and service. Tends to be popular and reservations aren't accepted so it can be a wait to get in but, once seated, it's very, very good.
3	We went only to enjoy dessert and a glass of wine. So let's dive into that, shall we?I had the caramel creme brulee... it deserved 4 stars on its own. Deliciously creamy custard served cool with just the right amount of caramelized sugar on top. It needed more... snap to the first break of the sugar, however, it was incredibly good. I. Ate. It. All. By myself. ALL of it. I'm not ashamed. He had the peach cobbler crumble. It was a 2 star dish at best. What tasted like and had the mouth feel of canned peaches with cinnamon added were covered in nothing more than granola. And there were so many peaches!! TOO MANY peaches. It was the ramiken where peaches go to die I think. The dish is served ala mode and where the scoop of ice cream is... there's no cobbler underneath. He felt a bit jilted by this. As if the canned peaches weren't enough, you're going to scoop out a hand-balls size piece of it for the ice cream? We both enjoyed a glass of Riesling. The list is small, and nothing particularly eye catching... but they do cover all of their bases with a wide range of deep reds and light, fruity whites. I was particularly excited to see that they serve New Age! All in all, we'll definitely go back. Hopefully next time for dinner :)
4	My wife and I joined our friends for dinner on a Friday night.  We arrive just before 5pm.  We sat outside on the patio.  Our timing was perfect as it immediately began to crowd up.  As usual we were greeted almost immediately and received our drinks and hot bread in short order.  Our friends ordered surf and turf which they split, I ordered the penne with vegetables, my wife ordered steak with garlic mash potatoes.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and service.  I unfortunately forgot how huge the portions were and came home with lunch for the next day.   We have never been disappointed with this restaurant and would highly recommend a visit.
2	Oh Red, White and Brew your customer service  needs so much work.  We had a group of 10, person #1 arrived at  4:40 and was given a pager and told we couldn't be seated until everyone arrived. At 5:15 8 people had arrived and you still wouldn't seat us.  After a discussion with the manager, he agreed to finally seat us but only a table for 8!  Within minutes, the other 2 people arrived with no where to sit.  Long story short, after an hour and 20 minutes we finally got an extra table (after being told they were too busy to give us that extra  table).  Food was good...but customer service is just as important. I won't be back!
4	This restaurant is one of the best I have EVER been to!!! The bread is amazing. So is the food. I had the angel hair pasta with Alfredo sauce. IT WAS THE BEST THANG EVA!!!!! GURL, EVERY ONE SHOULD GO HERE! *-*And my boring parents shared a Caesar salad and the chicken over linguine with mushrooms, capers, and artichokes.  They raved about it.
4	Met some friends here on a Wednesday night and this place was busy. Our party of 6  took quite a while to be seated. After  a few inquiries we were seated. I had a white sangria made to order by the bartender which was great! The place smells of garlic and bread even tho the menu is quite extensive. I had the pizza roll with meat and was it great. Wonderful marinara sauce I could only eat 1/3! I did have a salad first. Everyone was pleased with their food. A very popular place.
3	I had high hopes based on the reviews but I was highly disappointed. The food was subpar at best and not that inexpensive.
4	Went here on a Friday night. Ate at the bar.Great bartender and excellent food. Felt a little rushed but all in all, nice place to eat and good service and more importantly good  quality food.I'll be back.
5	Red White and Brew is a family favorite! We've been coming here for over 10 years and it's always been great. Tonight was no exception! Right as my husband and I sat down, hot bread was immediately brought to our table along with ice waters! Our waitress was very helpful with the menu and even brought us a sample of the soup of the day!!I ordered the bourbon salmon and my husband ordered the bone in pork chop. My meal was incredible! I loved everything! He enjoyed his as well, but wasn't quite blown away. Overall, our experience was top notch. We will keep coming back year after year!
4	Hadn't been to RWB in several months, celebrating my birthday with the Mrs. Got a table right away on a Saturday at 7:00 PM. Amazing!  Server greeted us promptly and offered the specials menu. My wife ordered a glass of wine, Beef & Reef with a side salad and baked potato. I over ordered, knowing the value of leftovers. I got a Papago Brewery Orange Blossom beer, Onion Soup, Wings and a BYO Pizza. The Beef and Reef was good. Cooked just right and seasoned properly.  The Onion Soup was outstanding. Not too salty, oozing mozzarella cheese and a big French bread crouton. The pizza and wings were good, not great. I told my wife that I could find better pizza at a pizza place and better wings at a wing place but they were good for a sit down restaurant. Our waiter then remembered our drinks and brought them, apologizing. The beer was excellent and a great compliment to the wings and pizza. Overall, good dinner with a couple of slips.
4	They have great soups and pizza! Their bread stick are addicting so be careful you don't eat to many of those before your meal gets to your table. Everyone is very friendly when you walk in the door. Good food:)
4	This is a quaint place for lunch. Love the seasonal lunch special(Dover sole flown in from the East coast this morning). The staff is friendly and attentive, prices are awesome for the portion size. Definitely would come here again.
2	Wasnt that great of a place and I was really hoping it would be. The food was rather bland in flavor and was quiet frankly over priced for what it was. Haven't gone back since my first visit to give it another chance yet
5	Went there for the first time with a group of 6, excelent service, food was OUTSTANDING!!! will definetly be back soon.
5	Definitely one of the better spots in the area. Daily specials are usually great. Reasonable pricing, similar to nearby restaurants, but serving better quality food for it. Recommended.
3	The food is decent and the service is fine but it's really crowded all the time mainly because there isn't a lot of choices in the area. I think it's a little over priced but not bad. They think they're Houston's but the experience is nothing more common than a chili's or applebees. I would recommend absolutely if the line doesn't look long.
4	Delicious food! Love the coconut shrimp and free garlic breadsticks. But the prices are a little steep
4	Very good food and service.  Large portions served.  Rhonda was our server, very attentive, kind, and fun to interact with.  I certainly recommend this establishment to anyone wanting an excellent meal and cold adult beverage.
5	If I could give 4.5 I would.  Bumped up to five partially because there are very few restaurants like this in mesa.  By that I mean local,  non chain, nice decor.  Basically it has a Scottsdale feel in east mesa.  I usually get the calzone, it's enough for two to split and get full.  Don't get me started on the bread. .. the poor waiter always has to bring me a couple refills.  Pricy,  but not overpriced.  A good place to celebrate.
4	I thought for sure I had reviewed RWB before as it's my wife and my "go to" spot when we want a great dinner near our house or want to pick up a quick bite to take home. I have so many favorites here that's it hard to choose what I want :) Love the flat iron steak, the pizza is very good (and they have gluten free crust which my wife loves) and enjoy their fiesta chicken salad (that's not the exact name but the name slips my mind at the moment). If you're up for dessert, try their chocolate cake - it's heaven!
4	Came here for the wings. Heard they were good. They were just "okay". BUT we found some awesome pizza. Brought me back to the city, great crust, perfect sauce/cheese ratio. I was surprised none of my peeps ever told me of this. One of my guests got the  Captains Broiled Platter. Everything was top notch except the fish, but we let that go, the shrimp was as big as a chihuahua, cooked well. Soup was delicious, obviously made fresh. The salad was great, no wilted stuff in there. They serve bread and salad with meals, a- friggin'- men. This may be my biggest pet peeve here in AZ. Seems the owner is East Coast and brought some restaurant etiquette and great food items with him. Beer selection good. We will be back, bringing more friends next time so we can try more items off the menu.
5	This place is a must try !!! I have never had a bad experience, the food and service has always been good ! Every time I come here I find myself wondering why it has been so long!  The Chef is always funding new things to have on special that you don't see in every other restaurant which is so nice !! My favorite thing is the salmon and sweet potato ravioli's !!! YUMMY!!! Give it a try ... You will not be disappointed !!
5	Soooo good! You can close your eyes and point to anything on the menu and it's delicious! Try the fried asparagus to start - so yummy! If you like garlic, the chicken RWB is a must! Great service and authentic atmosphere.
5	This is our 2nd time here and the first time was great! Our waiter, Justin, was very friendly and helpful. Had the Italian sausage hoagie and wings before so are back to try the pizza!
3	I tried red white and brew for my first time today. The food was delicious although the service was terrible. The server took about 15 minutes to get our drink order.  She never refilled our drinks,  our food took a long time, and we had a huge beetle land on our food (we were sitting outside). My co worker did not get to finish her food because of the beetle. The server than told us she will take the meal off the bill. and did not. Instead the manager only took half of the meal off. Overall, not bad food.
5	One of my favorite places to eat. They have so many great options and I am never disappointed. This place is a must try!
5	We have been going to RWB for more than 10 years. We're not there every week, or even every month, but it is somewhere that we are always comfortable taking out of town visitors. Frankly, I am surprised I haven't ever written a review of this place.I am not much into sitting art a bar and watching sports, but it has always looked to me like people who enjoy that sort of thing really like this place. For me, it is mostly about the food, but also about the service and atmosphere.Expect large portions -- usually enough to share. For your first time, or if you are with younger kids, you might try one of the pizzas or pizza rolls. I really like both of those options, although my wife says they are just OK. My kids order the pizza slices off of the kids menu 99% of the time, so they're with me on this one. In my opinion, the hamburgers, sandwiches and desserts are fine, but the entrees really are the stars of the show.Keeping that in mind, you can order off the regular menu, but I highly recommend at least taking a look at the daily specials. There is usually something for everyone on that list, and each one is a combination of high quality ingredients with an interesting preparation and/or sauce. I can't remember ever being disappointed with a selection from this menu.Of particular note are the Halibut Cheeks. If you have never had these, you really should give them a try. The cheeks are a little like lobster from a firmness perspective (at least, that's how they were described to me) and do not have a mild taste. How can you go wrong when a dish is served with drawn butter?? With an order, you get a baked potato and a side (salad, soup, veggie, or fries). Unless you're REALLY hungry, get an order and split it. This is a seasonal thing and usually the supply is limited, so you have to hit it on the right night if you want to order them. I think they're flown in fresh from Boston. My wife watches the RWB website for these to show up on the menu and they usually trigger an immediate "RWB night."From a service perspective, our servers have always been very attentive and the front desk staff have been friendly and welcoming: they say hello when you show up and usually hold the door and thank you for coming in when you leave. Be aware that the place gets VERY crowded during peak times, so you may have to wait a long time or come back another night.Just do it!
5	Went for the first time tonight and absolutely loved it. It helped that our waitress Jeannine was fantastic.  She could tell I really wanted to try the chowder but just didn't want a full bowl.  Next time she came to our table she had two samples for me.   Drinks were good, service was just right (there when we needed, but not annoying).  Food was fantastic.  There were also little things, like how my wife and father in law split a dish and it came out already split on two plates,  or how our server packaged up the leftovers for us. Just that extra touch of class. We will definitely be returning.
5	Excellent chicken Marsala and the chicken RWB is delicious!  Wait staff is attentive without being obtrusive... Thank you, Katie!
4	This place is awesome! The pizza was fantastic and could feed an army and the calamari was perfectly crispy and flavorful. The service was so-so in the dining room but the bartender was really super cool. We stuck around the bar for a couple hours to watch the game and talk with her and the many regulars that hang out around the bar area. The manager was one of the most on the ball and helpful managers I have ever witnessed within an establishment. I would highly recommend this place for anyone in the area as it is in East mesa.
5	Hands down, best steak in town!Okay, so it is high time I finally review this place. I go here with my sister maybe... once every two months? Sometimes more frequently. We love it here. Originally, I was referred to this place by a very cheery funny and friendly Walmart Cashier on a shopping trip where my mother, for no real reason, had gotten noticeably stressed out. She suggested the place for a drink to calm her down - I didn't point out that we don't drink, but I filed the name away in my mind for future reference. It was possibly two years after that that I actually went here, and immediately loved it.Alright, so lets start with some slight flaws. Every place has them, and RWB is no exception. Mainly, the place is so popular, parking can be difficult at times, and the waiting area is lacking. So, if you go here on a busy night, you might be standing outside for a bit - BUT even with this, the food is worth it. Every time I come here, the staff is wonderful and the food is amazing... but, I confess... I usually get the same thing every time. Medium marinated 10 oz. flat Iron steak with potatoes and a salad. Best. Thing. Ever. My first few times here, I tried a few other things, but after giving the steak a try... I can't pass it up. And, let me say, I hate steak. I never eat it anywhere else because I hate chewing on boot-leather, and have never been pleased with it. Here, though, it is amazing - and the price can't be beat! Some other things on the menu are pricey, but the 10 oz. flat iron is an amazing deal for a fantastic steak. If you haven't tried it, you need to. I love it that the kitchen is viewable from the main dining room, which not only makes you feel a bit more secure about who's handling your food, but you can also see the head Chef working and maintaining his line of cooks - such a professional kitchen! And, of course, if your food is ever not how you ordered it, they take it back and fix it for you, no questions or fuss. Once, my sister's medium steak was clearly well done, no pink at all to it. When we pointed that out, the server took the steak back, we had another out very quickly, and were given an apology for the hassle. The service here is always a delight. So, yes, once again best steak in town! Go try it. Now.
5	While visiting relatives in Mesa during Christmas week, we went to RW&B for dinner one night.  My first time here, but definitely not my last!  The service at the bar was good, the IPA was delicious, and our meals were outstanding.  Our server went out of his way to provide excellent service to our group of six.  Cool place, groovy vibe...Thumbs up all the way!!
2	I have been here a few times for work lunches. So far, I have not been impressed. It is very noisy and the food is just okay. I don't think it is bad, but not good. The first time I had them, it was a working lunch at the office and we had someone pick it up for us, two of us ordered hamburgers and one ordered steak. They did not include any condiments for the hamburgers and the steak was over cooked. I chalked that up to us doing a to go order at a place that is not made for to go orders. I have since been there a few more times ordering either a hamburger or a steak salad and the food is what I would consider normal, not bad, not good. I would not personally choose to come here, but if I am feeling indifferent and someone else wants to go, then that is fine. Today I went for lunch and ordered the steak salad, but the steak was very tough. I literally broke out a sweat trying to cut it up. It tasted fine, and looked like it was cooked medium rare like I asked, but almost impossible to cut. I would still come here, but like I said, it would only be for lunch and if someone else suggested it when I am feeling indecisive.
