3	I FINALLY had a chance to try this place out after hunting for delivery Chinese food all day on Sunday without any success -- typical Phoenix -- the one place my gf and I found was actually CLOSED on Sundays.  Weak.Anyway, this place was worth getting out of the house for on a rainy Sunday, and since its only a few blocks from our place, it was a nice excursion.We ordered the Beef & Broccoli, the Kung Pao Vegetables, the Sweet & Sour Pork, Crab Puffs, and all of that came with rice.  The total was about $30.  Not a bad value considering we ended up eating that as two meals between two people.  Chinese food is good that way.So, the quality was average-to-slightly-above-average.  It hit the spot as hangover food, and i have to say that the Kung Pao Veggies were DELICIOUS as they were diced up and mixed with almonds.  Yum.The Beef and Broc was pretty standard, but really, thats all i ask of that dish.  Its pretty undemanding and it does the job.  They did hold out on any extra beef though -- i thought more would have improved the dish. The Sweet and Sour pork was pretty below average, as their fried dough was too thick and the quality of pork was below par.  Crab puffs were solid and my dog destroyed the steamed rice i put in her bowl, so in her opinion that rice was quality.Overall, i like how its a local institution, convenient (i ordered, picked up, and was eating in under 30 mins), their packaging was nice, and the service was class.  I'll look here next time dining Chinese in DT.
3	So I was sitting in my office today minding my own business after a very long and tense meeting when a very high up person in the organization I work in walks in and invites me to lunch with two other people from the office. He's not the kind of guy you say no to even if you have already ate some lunch, which I had. So I agreed to go, which is how I ended up at Sing High, as it is the favorite DT lunch destination of the person who invited me to lunch.  What an interesting place.It looks like a converted warehouse; it's rather large, open and bright with a few posts scattered about. Decor is simple and understated. The menu has all of your standards, and while not as large as Gourmet House of Hong Kong (thankfully), it is still a good size.  Prices are incredibly moderate and I believe for the four of us the bill came to around $34 (does not include tip).  I had the chicken with almond dish, which was rather large especially as I had already ate! Unfortunately the side of rice is not very large and there were definitely some pieces of chicken that I was afraid to eat.  The sweet and sour pork got raves from one of my dining companions.We placed our order quickly but then it took a very long time for our food to come out even though we arrived well after the lunch hour. If you are looking for a "quick" (can be in and out in around an hour give or take ten minutes), then skip Sing High and wait when you can enjoy a more leisurely dining experience. We were there for about 90 minutes, with most of the time spent waiting for the food. The most interesting part of the trip to Sing High was that apparently you can slip a guy a few dollars in the parking lot to watch your car for you if you were to be so inclined.
4	I love it! The diviest piece of crap hole in the wall, but they make the best food! The sweet and sour pork is actually chopped pork, with a heavy breading and cooked just right. So much better than the standard deep fried pork balls at other places. The egg rolls aren't actually wrapped, but they dip them batter and fry them without any wrapping. The soups are great, and the family dinners which come with soup, egg roll, and entree are a great value. The servers are pretty old chinese women that will not bend for anything... at all. We orderd a meal for two, and then asked to order a third one and she refused, saying they already started cooking it, and we would have to order another meal for two... odd. Also odd, is they have a birdcage with a fake cardinal in the center of the dining room. This is so far the best chinese I have found in Phoenix, a city that should be known for having no good chinese restaurants.
3	Went to this place for the first time the other night.. Biggest plus for the place is that it has its own parking with some one checking to make sure you are there for the restaurant, the one thing I hate about downtown is parking. On to the food, a basic dinner of Pork fried rice, chicken chow mien, and Kung Pao chicken... It was okay. The Pork fried rice was basic and the chow mien was too slimy. The Kung Pao chicken was alright, kind of disappointed in its lack of sauce but the veggies and almonds that came where good. Pretty much, this place is good for quick and cheap food.The staff was helpful and kind and the restaurant had a cute downtown vibe to it with a random birdcage in the middle. Overall I would try it again, but will try something different on the menu.
1	was looking for something different, and have seen this place..allot. I'm a native Phoenix resident after all.first i checked yelp and saw 3-4 stars based on 6 reviews. i figured sketchy, but with such a glowing review from Pierre i figured it must be good. umm. no.my cohort ordered the chow mien. she took one bite and said no. it was drenched in a chicken gravy Ala sick. i took a bite and agreed I've had better out of ChungKing's can. in fact i wouldn't be surprised if this slop came from a can. flavorless chicken, crisp from a can celery..like seriously machine cut from a factory and stuffed into a can.i ordered the egg foo young, with barbecue pork. it was decent to average, nothing special. i was kinda surprised to not see gills or fins on my egg foo young patties...as they were swimming in a 1 inch deep puddle of a gravy. while the gravy tasted good, i kinda like the option to drown my own food. not have it delivered to me already floating.Pierre can keep his nostalgic toilet bowl of Chinese fare. i respect almost all of your reviews. sing high. meh. for the 17 bucks we spent on two plates, i could have gotten 4 cans of ChungKing's chow mien.I'm not really sure how this place has lasted 80 years. I'm sure somewhere in recent history this place is a front for heroin or something else elicit. restaurants like this cannot simply survive on this quality of food. they have 3 dinning rooms and while we visited about 10 customers. The wait staff is mediocre, when the lady asked how we liked the food, my friend said she did not like the chow mien, she asked if my friend would like something else, while this could have been an option if she had come 15 minutes earlier after the first bite, but it was too late by now, and when the response was no, there was no attempt to make it better by removing the food from the bill. don't expect our return. poor service, poor to mediocre food, poor atmosphere, 1 star.i would consider two if you took the chow mien off the bill. :P
4	I went to Sing High thirty minutes before the Suns game on Sunday. It was my mistake because it took longer than i thought it would have.When we first go their we were greeted by a nice lady who took us to our seats. We looked though the menu and before our drinks came to us, we were ready to order. An elderly waitress took our order and drinks. I ran out of water and only had one glass the whole time i was there. Then after waiting for a while, our appetizer came. Pot stickers.They were good and we demolished them. Partly because we were hungry, mostly because they were good. I have had pot stickers all over the place, but these are my favorite so far. As I ran out of water, our food came and we had to ask for two plates so we could share our dishes. My friend and I order two plates. My favorite Beef Fried Rice and she got Bell Pepper Beef.You can't go wrong with Beef Fried Rice, but the Bell Pepper Beef was decent. If anything the lady who was serving us, was sweet and polite. You can't beat that. I am going to go back to SIng High because it has that older Chinese restaurant feel i like so much. I only hope they improve the next time i am there, so I can give them the five stars iI think they deserve.
4	Sing High has three dishes that I think are among the best versions I've ever come across. #1 - Chinese Green Soup. It is full of pork, egg, and greens in a sublime broth! The BOMB! ...#2 Sweet & Sour Pork. Their twist on this dish leaves a piece of pork with a thicker breading than most places. The sauce is mmmmmmmm! ...#3 Their combo Fried Rice (ask for no peas, no carrots) has a smokey taste that others just do not achieve. *** NOTE = The Fried Rice that comes with the combo dishes is not the same as the made to order Fried Rice. Get the made to order version and enjoy FIVE STAR Fried Rice.
1	I was so pumped to check this place out after I found it by complete accident. I read up on it and was really intrigued by the history behind the place and how this might be one of the oldest restaurants in Phoenix (they must be doing something right, yeah?) as well as being the only thing standing from the city's historic Chinatown. But, seriously, this place did not live up to anything to any of my expectations.Now I know some might argue that this place serves American Chinese cuisine, and that's true. However, this is some of the nastiest Chinese food I've ever had. Some might complain about the decor, but I actually kinda liked it. I felt like I was in a Jarmusch movie so I'll give the place some points for that. As much as I'm into dives, this is a little bit higher than a place I ate called Won Kok which I am convinced is the butthole of Los Angeles' Chinatown. To be honest, all I that had at Sing High was the chow mein and the wonton soup. The wonton soup was just old cabbage boiled in water and the chow mein was just a plate of oily noodles. Needless to say, I felt like I was giving birth to the Antichrist a few hours later.Go to Sing High for the experience of saying you were there, but keep your mouth closed at all costs.
1	In Short: Awful food with no imagination, go at your own peril.I was in downtown Phoenix and it was pretty late so decided to drop by this place.  Looked OK from the outside but I should have walked out as soon as I walked in.  The place was adorned by eclectic collection of 60's, 70's and 80's lefotovers.  The atmosphere from the start was dead wrong.  Hardly any of the staff spoke english, which made ordering an interesting adventure in it self.  The menu is also a collection of 60's, 70's and 80's leftovers ans typical chinese dishes.  Which in my opinion is Ok if the food was any good, unfortunately that was not the case.  We ordered a soup, a appetizer, and two main dishes (kung pao chicken, and spicy beef).  Soup was decent but the appetizer was over cooked and soaked with oil, then plastered with a thick sauce to make up for it.  Spicy beef was overcooked and unappetizing as well, I suspected the meat was a little old as well.  The real kicker was the cungpao chicken, my friend noticed a piece of rotten vegetable on our dish.  We brought this to the attention of our waitress who took the dish to show to another staff member and then came back and said there was nothing wrong with it and it was a water chestnut.  She took over 10 minues to explain this but for the life of me I couldn't understand her.  They really didn't give us an option to replace the dish, get a new one or even refund the money.  I have no idea if it was a rotten or actually a chestnut but they could have at least offered us a compromise.  Customer service was pretty much zero.  I eat a lot of chinese food and I was really disappointed with the oldest chinese restaurant in phoenix.
3	Tucked away behind historic buildings and located a couple hundred feet from the sight of the original Phoenix China town stands a local restaurant that has been part of the city since the 1920s. For that reason, I think everyone should try this place at least once. The place was hopin' on a Saturday afternoon when I was there. The windowless building is a little cave like, with harsh soft light hanging from the ceiling. It resembled most Americanized Chinese food places: Asian art on the wall, old booths, plastic table cloths. I don't agree with some of other Yelp reviews that the food was so bad. It was pretty average. I like lemon chicken and get that pretty much anywhere I go, so I tried it here. I wasn't blown away, but it wasn't terrible. The fried rice left the same impression. But they were friendly to me and kept my glass of water full. I want to go back and try the name sake Chop Suey. Maybe that's where they excel. Any place that can survive in downtown Phoenix for this many decades deserves some respect.
4	As a 3rd Generation Asian-American; I was raised on Chinese-American Diner food; I have been going to Sing High for over 20 years. The Chow Mein Cantonese Style, along with Beef with Tomatoes, Beef with Ginger, Crispy Chicken (not many Chinese Restaurants still do this), Long Rice Soup or Wor Mein. No matter what you other "reviewers" say. I will still go to Sing High. Along with China Chili, Great Wall, Golden Buddha, Desert Jade, Phoenix Palace and China Village - also forgot a new fav - China Chan
1	I don't usually write bad reviews, but this was perhaps the worst chinese food I've ever eaten.  I wanted to LOVE this place, as it's 4 blocks from my loft downtown... so I had dreams of this being a weekly dining spot I walked to with friends and family.  I don't even have high standards... I love hole in the wall chinese food restaurants.  We ate Saturday night, and used a restaurant dot com coupon.  Ordered a ton of food, so tried lots of dishes.  The only really edible thing was the moo shoo port (spelling?).  That was about 6/10.The rest was terrible.  I mean, mystery meat.  Made the McDonalds McRib look like Filet Mignon.  We ordered hong kong beef, one of their specialties... it was inedible gristly meat with Hines51 sauce or some other steak sauce poured over it... not asian at all.I am so disappointed...  I will never return.  Even with the certificate, it was an evening and $40 final bill completely wasted.  If you do get forced to go here, do not get anything other than shrimp... I shudder at the quality of the other meat, just thinking about it days later.
2	2/5 standard chinese.i'll start off by saying it was my fault for getting chinese in phoenix. but a senior in my office was heading there, so of course i had to go. the food is standard chinese/cornstarch fare, though i'm sure there is a saving chef's specialty dish.
4	Okay so this place isn't fancy and you certainly wouldn't want to come here for the ambience but if you are downtown and looking for some tasty Americanized Chinese food this is the place to be! Sure it is greasy and you will likely walk out of here in a food coma but their lunch specials are huge, tasty and can't be beat. Make sure you order an egg roll- they are super crispy and massive (I swear each one resembles a small burrito in size rather than your standard wimpy egg roll).Bonus- this place is a downtown staple and has been around forever. I have heard rumors that it used to be a brothel!
1	Husband and I tried to eat lunch here yesterday.  Our original plans were to try Arrogant Butcher, but I was in a bit of a hurry, and thought Sing High would be faster.  Wrong!We arrived just before the noon rush.  We were seated quickly and the waitress took our order almost immediately.  Husband ordered the lemon chicken and I ordered the mu shu pork.  Then, thirty minutes passed.  No waitress coming by to tell us the food would take a while, or refill our drinks, or ask if we wanted anything else.  Nothing.  So..... We Left.  The one star really is for the service, we actually didn't taste the food.  Not a good place to come if you need a quick lunch.  Why have a restaurant downtown if you aren't going to be able to cater to quick lunches on the go?
2	This place stays alive becase there are hungry jurors trapped in the basement of the grand jury room who need food.  The carpet hasn't been cleaned since probably the Nixon era.  And the food is pretty standard.  That said, everyone has to go there at least once so that they say they have a) survived it b) been there c) surprisingly crave it.  Most people pick a, but some surprisingly pick c.  It's an old-school Phoenix thing and you have to support that!
1	This restaurant is a prime example of why places that have been around forever aren't necessarily the greatest places to eat. I have seen this place for years and finally made it inside. After eating there, I wish I hadn't bothered.We were seated quickly and took a look at the menu, where entrees like  "Beef with Tomatoes" were on the menu. We should have known we were in trouble when the description of that dish was "beef with tomatoes and other vegetables" (guess they didn't want to commit on what was actually in the dish).We had ordered 2 dishes and 2 bowls of soup to cover the $20 we had to spend with our restaurant.com certificate. Even though the bill was over $20, we were told we didn't order enough. We then tried to order dessert, but we were told that dessert wasn't food and the certificate was food only (who knew ice cream wasn't food). We ordered an egg roll and waited for our food.The dishes were terrible. The "Spicy Pineapple Pork" was neither spicy, nor had any pineapple. It tasted of ketchup and vinegar with some pork. The "Sa-Te Beef" was beef in a mystery sauce. The rice was terrible. Normally, we take our leftovers home from a Chinese restaurant, but didn't bother. Save your money and go to Panda Express instead. The food is equally terrible, but they probably know that dessert is food.
1	Definitely not what I was expecting. The fried rice was very generic and the sweet and sour pork was only 3 pieces. The pieces seemed like they were on steroids and not in a good way. The mushrooms in the almond chicken seemed like they were fresh out of the can, mmmm. :/  So if you are like myself and enjoy fresh ingredients, do yourself a favor and run!
2	YES, this place has been around forever, though it isn't that great so I'm not sure why.  There are plenty of other cheap (and better) options in the area.I used to come here for takeout quite a bit a few years back and remember it being better; not sure what happened.  I went today and it was definitely below average.  The House Fried Rice is really the only thing I've ever eaten here that was legitimately good.  Everything else is utility.
4	I don't know why this place has so many bad reviews!  Sing High has definately been there for a long time and it's for a reason.  If they didn't do any business, they would be out of business.  I have been there on days when it's not as good as other times but I guess it depends on who's cooking.  They have the best and biggest egg rolls I have ever seen!  The egg foo young is really good and the pork fried rice is excellent.  I have never walked out of there saying "that was terrible".
4	Well had a "Sing High" craving; so got the Chicken Chow Mein (Cantonese Style); but discovered 2 new favorites - the Spare Ribs with Black Beans; and the Chinese Green Soup; now wish the soup; was like Seaweed Soup or what we call - Funeral Soup; because we used to head to the Chinese restaurants after the funerals; but this soup is close without the nori or the water chestnuts...Love this place will always love it...
5	We've been going here for years. Love the food (Happy Family is a favorite dish) and appreciate the community service outreach. Great to support locals who support the community ... and dish up great food along the way.
3	I don't understand all of the one star reviews on Google Places.  They made me put off eating here but I am glad I ended up ignoring them.  The place was bright and clean and pretty typical of Chinese place I have been in from Vancouver Canada to Phoenix.  I had the #5: fried rice, chow mien, sweet and sour pork and egg foo young.  My friend had the #2 with shrimp and egg roll instead of the last two items on my combo.The chow mien was the best I have had.  Balanced and flavorful and it reminded me of the spot I ate in as a kid. The pork was good and classic Amer-Chinese.  The breading on my friends shrimp was very thick but the shrimp was good, his egg roll was over cooked.  My egg foo young was decent but unremarkable.  Will definitely hit this spot against some time
2	I have been wanting to come here forever and got a chance today due to the Dine Around event. My friend and I ordered everything on the event menu: fried pork wontons with egg drop soup, egg rolls stuffed with cabbage and BBQ pork, and orange chicken. The meals came with tea, too. Due to the event, we were seated in a side room. It was very drab and badly need of updating. The cement floors were cracked and the bathrooms were scary. The waitress was nice but neglected to ask us what we wanted to drink. When she brought the food, we had to ask for water. Also despite knowing we were sharing, she didn't bring us any extra plates. Annoying. One thing I forgot to add was when we first got there, we stood waiting in the lobby trying to figure out how to be seated. There was a sign with an arrow to the dining room on the right for the event, but it didn't specify to seat yourself. After seeing several employees at the register not ackowledge us, I finally asked what we should do. Then she told us to seat ourselves. The food was good. I especially liked the egg rolls and orange chicken. The orange chicken was actually delicious. Although I liked the food. it wouldn't be enough to bring me back. The atmosphere and service, from beginning to end, left much to be desired. Food simply isn't enough to bring me back to a place if service is bad.
3	This was the 8th and last stop on our dine around for today. We had super high hopes for sing high, and I was a little underwhelmed, but it was a pleasant experience. We came in about 15minutes before the end of the event, and sat ourselves in what looked to be the main dining area. Our server was super sweet, and asked us how our day was going and about the other places we hit up that afternoon. I had the orange chicken and the egg rolls and Jon had the wontons. We received a pot of hot tea and sipped on that while we waited on our food. It came out and it was a TON of food for the few bucks we were paying for it. Started with the egg roll which, in few words, was weird. It was just stuffed with meat and had no noticeable seasoning at all. I took a few bites and was done. The orange chicken was pretty tasty. It was a lot so I ate about half and grabbed a box to go. I can't say that I'd be back, as I've had better Chinese food closer to home, but the service is what made me round this place up to 3 stars.
4	Like many yelpers, I too have wanted to eat here for many years.  Not knowing why I kept skipping the place my wife and I finally made a stop.  Everyone will give this place a bad rating because of how beat up and aged this place is but lets be honest here.  The place is a chinese joint, very little focus to the aesthetics and I know very few places that are this old and still around.  The Food is good, say all you want about the details in the restrooms and the side rooms but the food is very good.  We ordered multiple items and they have some great dishes, my favorite is the lo mein (catonese style) the pork selections where also yummy.  This place reminded me of my local chinese place in LA when I was a kid and I will look forward to coming back.  For those that are thinking of trying please don't let this rating overall discourage you, just try it!
2	I love old school Chinese food and so I had really high hopes for this place.  They have been in business for a very long time, since 1928 in fact,  and you would think there must be a good reason for the longevity.  We may have ordered the wrong things but what we tried was just so-so.  We tried the Chop Suey of course and I am not sure what it was, but it had a strange flavor.  Also tried the Barbecued pork slices and they might have been good a week earlier, but the dish did not taste fresh.  We ordered an egg roll and it too had an odd flavor.   The good news is that they have parking, which is hard to find in that neighborhood.
5	This has been a go to place for my family since I was a toddler, I am now 25 and take my own children to sing high. The best wonton soup ever!!! It does not look like much but has been a staple in downtown Phoenix for years with awesome to die for food!
5	I've loved this place for years.  It's typical of chop suey houses in other major cities; authentic, perhaps short on style but absolutely outstanding food.  Great people.
4	Dropped in this hole in the wall on a whim as we were driving home from PAM. As soon as you step inside you are transported back to the late 70's early 80's AZ. This place reminded me of spots I used to do e at with my folks as a kid. Classic. The service was prompt, and friendly, but not overbearing, which is our preference. We had the pot stickers - which were amazing; the chop suey with all whit chicken - very tasty, and the fried rice.  For two people, this was plenty of food.The prices were very reasonable.This place is old school. You can tell the food is made from fresh ingredients - not pre-mixed, pre-packaged, like other Chinese places. Loved it. 3 generations from the same family have owned and run this local establishment since 1928....that says smothering!
4	From what I hear, this is the oldest continually operating restaurant in Phoenix, and is also the last remnant of Chinatown.  The place is old and run down, parking is a pain, and it's tough to get to sometimes because of what seems like never-ending construction and road work.But...the food is outstanding!  I am eating my way through the menu, and everything I have tried is fantastic and hot and fresh.  It's Cantonese, so a bit different than some folks may be used to unless they came here from a city with a big Chinese population.  The service is great too!
3	Good referral from a friend.  The wonton soup is good.  Ditto the egg roll though it was a little greasy and mostly bean sprouts    We tried the chop suey and chow mein and both were very tasty.   Not the best Chinese food I've had but I would come here again.  The lo mien was good but a little salty.
1	I've had their food in the past, never really stood out as great but it's the only Chinese food by my place of work. I order their Chicken Green Beans with Black bean sauce. Wasn't awful, but I've had better at other restaurants. Not only is the quality or quantity worth the price tag at all, but later that night and all throughout the next day I had food poisoning. My boyfriend had their Mongolian beef and suffered the same thing. Maybe it was a freak incident, maybe not. Either way, I won't be going here again. There's plenty of other Chinese food restaurants that deserve your appetite's attention. Hell, even Panda Express is better than this garbage.Don't waste your time. Or your money.
4	Took mom out to lunch and told her to pick some place downtown we've never been before. She chose this one based on the history. After reading some of the reviews here, I was a bit apprehensive but decided to give it a go anyway as I was interested in the history of the place as well.I'm not sure what everyone was complaining about now. Sure, it's not fancy or modernized but it was clean, we were seated and served quickly, and it filled both of us up for under $20. I got the combo No. 4 platter with chow mein, fried rice, sweet and sour pork and an eggroll. The plate was full and I wasn't able to finish! The eggroll was a little too ginger-y but was large and tasty and the pork and chow mein were both really good and fresh. The fried rice was a bit plainer than I'm used to (no veggies or egg) but was still tasty. Mom got the pork lo mein and the plate was heaping - she also couldn't finish.8 hours later and I feel great, if a little sad I didn't take some of the leftovers home. No ill effects like some reviews below stated.I suppose if you go to a restaurant for a specific atmosphere, you're going to leave dissatisfied even with good food. However, I could care less about that - I'm at a restaurant to eat, not stare at the walls around me. This place is definitely worth it if you want some fast and cheap Chinese food downtown.
3	If you can't get beef and broccoli right, shut down...quit...go home...stop.Luckily, they got it right.  Don't have time to read about the 'history' of this place, but I guess they've been around awhile.  I see why. Big portions.Safe dishes with tastes that satisfy enough without going all out.My beef and broccoli had a nice sauce, not what I'm used to at my neighborhood place, but quite flavorful without being anything fancy.  It's something you could eat anytime you're hungry...like a good song that you let play whether you're in the mood for music or not.  Its not that you LOVE the song, it just settles nicely in your ears whenever its on.  The sauce, the big fresh broccoli, and the tender and nicely seasoned beef settles nicely on your tongue.  Like an old friend to your taste buds.My second time I tried the curry chicken.  Curry chicken is one of my favorite dishes.  I'm probably a green rookie when it comes to good curry chicken, having only experienced a few places' offerings.  But Sing High's is the second best I've had.  Again, nothing fancy.  No awards from foodies will be won.  But from this guy (foodie rookie i guess), tis' awesome.  The sauce isn't too thin and is extremely flavorful.  It smelled up the whole office.  And that's all.  Chicken, onions, peppers, sauce.  And it was the best meal i'd had in some time.Price was right on both dishes...around 8 or 9 bucks.  This is non-complicated, non-frilly food that you can get quick for a nice price.  Perfect for lunch.The decor...its just whatever.  Not a place to admire the walls.  There were plenty people dining in, and they seemed to have adequate accommodations.  I didn't see bugs, dirty stuff, etc.The staff was busy and it showed.  Not unpleasant, but not taking the time to be all smiley and such, either.  I got my food, so I didn't really care.Perhaps they could improve on their waiting area - too many people standing around not knowing if the other was in line or just waiting.  Small gripe.They are in the rotation now, and i'm sure they will earn more stars as I go down their menu.  Speaking of the menu, there are no prices.  I see a lot of that downtown now...oh well.  Like i said, an order of beef and broc was like 8-9 dollars.  One negative thing about something I had - the Drums of Heaven.  Horrible.  Just a bunch of non-seasoned batter on under cook drums.  Didn't even finish them.So yeah, you're not looking to spend a lot, you're looking to get full, you're looking for something that tastes pretty good, and you're downtown?  Go here, i'm sure they have one of your basic favorites.
5	i love this place  i was first introduced to this small piece of heaven be by a friend and have been coming back ever since. i now have my husband hooked on their food especially their eggrolls. but my all time favorite dish here is the chicken cantonese noodles... soooo goood
3	It's been a long time since I've eaten at Sing High.  Our lunch dining experience was a good one.  We'd go back.  Get in a little early for lunch or you may be waiting for a table and service will take longer.     The restaurant web page states that for over 80 years Sing High has run on hard work and good food.  I agree.  The menu's built around the basics of fried and tossed noodles - chow and lo mein,  chop suey, and egg foo yung.  There's more served than that, but those items head the menu.  I'll add that the Sing High premises are extremely clean and the service is timely.  We had a lunch special with soup, egg roll, sweet and sour pork, moo goo gai pan fried rice plus a serving of beef chow mein.  As the web page also states, most items are prepared fresh.  My hot and sour soup was different than some hot/sour soups I've tasted, a little thicker, SIng High's personal recipe.  More a small burrito than an egg or spring roll, the egg roll was delivered too steaming hot to eat immediately.  The pork was also freshly prepared, my thinking back, my count is 9 unusually large pieces.  The fried rice was white rice cooked well, fired with soy sauce and a bit of veggies.  The plate of noodles was large and flavors good.  We took home half our lunch and had a very good dinner later.     If you've got jury duty, business down town, or paying a visit to Copper Square, this is a reasonably price spot to consider for a Chinese-American meal.
5	Great food, excellent service, this will become a regular of ours!
2	[Service was quick and courteous = 3 stars....Food = 2......2.5 stars rounded down)As a downtown dweller I am always supporting the local restaurants and businesses.  Sing High Chop Suey House has always been on the fringes for me and I have only been there once before at a Downtown Phoenix Dine Around event.  I remember it being just ok then (Egg roll was good, sweet and sour chicken tasty). Until today it had just been one of those places that was just ok and just hadn't made much effort to go back. This evening I didn't want to cook and had a Suns game to get to later and I was craving an egg roll.  Oh what the heck...Sing High...let's do this.  I was looking forward to trying their Chop Suey at a REAL Chop Suey House.  My mind was filled with tastes and textures of fresh veggies, bean sprouts with still a bit of crunch. maybe a little fresh green pepper, celery  as long as it wasn't that canned stuff mom made it had to be better .  I ordered the #2 Dinner Combo (fried shrimp, egg fu young, pork chop suey and rice) and had them add an egg roll.  I didn't wait long for my food.  On first look all I saw was thick cornstarch-y sauce...dipped my fork into it hoping the flavor was better...***BOOM***I was jolted back to my childhood....[insert black hole tornado sequence here followed by a flash of lightning]As a kid my mom would  make us those La Choy Chung King Family Meal (Chicken Chop Suey or Egg Fu Young) Kit.  No matter how well my mom rinsed that can of veggies that came with the kit you could still taste the can.  Oh and all that cornstarch thickened sauce that came with the kit...While we ate the Chicken Chop Suey,  the Egg Fu Young was the house favorite and even with the egg and the sauce you could still taste the tin-y limp veggies. Jolted back to the present by a polite , "How is your meal?" I smiled politely and nodded.   What I had here on my plate was the same as mom used to make, tin-y limp and bland ...and the egg roll was filled with the same chop suey-ness that was going on in my plate.  The think cornstarch thickened sweet and sour sauce and plenty of  soy made it a bit better.  The 2 fried shrimp were a bit tough but again with sweet and sour sauce it made them ok.   By the time I began to try my egg fu young, knew I was going to need a bit more to make it work.  I motioned for the server and asked if they had chile sauce and she promptly brought me some.  This redeemed the egg fu young to just ok status  and  I hoped it would do something for the chop suey...it didn't...I picked through about a half cup worth and left the rest there.  If  I found myself here again, I would pass on the egg roll and the chop suey and stick to something fried like sweet and sour something or some apps. Maybe I will try the soup next time.[I am not ruling them out completely.]
3	I am kind of frustrated by this place, some things are very good and some are just so-so.  My wife had the orange chicken and ordered it spicy.  It was very tasty.  the BBQ pork has a good flavor but it riddled with fat.  The fried wonton is just bizarre tasting.  The sweet and sour pork tastes ok but it overly breaded.  This place is an icon but it could be a destination if it cleaned up its act a little.  My wife and I enjoyed some of our food but the kids weren't excited about anything (which is unusual for chinese food).
2	I hate to do this but My last visit here was horrible which was 45 min ago! Thats how bad it was that i had to yelp it right away... Food was like normal ive been going there for years now. But the service was horrible!!! Not once did we get ask for refills and i drink water like crazy! I asked for the manager and we talked but she seem to be so defenseive lke the owners on Hells Kitchen I couldnt believe it... = [ i hope this service changes around.
2	So sad :(  All you Arizona natives know this place.  Remember the round tables with the waxy tablecloths? The waitresses were quick and efficient and the food came out in waves, but it's different now.  Order an egg roll and you'll notice it looks like a deep fried Twinkie, try the chop suey and it's time for a game of Find the Meat .  Things are quite different now and, unfortunately, the owners don't seem to care if you like it or not.  I'm sad and I miss the old Sing High.  Without China Doll to fill the void I'm at a loss for good Chinese food in the downtown area.  I need a time machine.
1	Just because it's a "downtown staple" do not feel like you need to experience this eatery. Service was mediocre, food was not great. Asked if we were ready to order within 30 seconds of sitting down, then asked again 30 seconds later. Paid cash and change was not an option. Guess they take the tip that they want. Better places to visit downtown.
2	I stopped today to pick up some take out since I like their won ton soup. The service was terrible - the person at the counter was rude and acted as though my presence was a major inconvenience. I ordered a quart of the won ton soup and the Sa-Te Beef and paid $14.xx for the order. When I saw what they gave me my reaction was "you've got to be kidding me!" The Sa-Te Beef was in the container that normally contains the rice....and the rice was in an 8 oz. styrofoam coffee cup. Incredible! There are much, much, much better Chinese food restaurants around Phoenix that have delicous food, good prices and great service to settle for Sing High.I gave it two stars only because of the soup.
2	I came here with a fairly large group of friends because a few of our friends had recommended it so highly. Unfortunately it was overwhelmingly disappointing.  We all got a wide variety of things from the menu. I personally had the Cantonese-style chow mein and it simply didn't taste good. It was a bunch of soggy noodles with a weird flavorless gravy on top of it. Normally I don't care about "authenticity" at a Chinese restaurant as long as it tastes good but I was left wondering what exactly was "Cantonese" about the dish. It's sad to think that some people might associate the fresh flavors of Cantonese cuisine with what I was offered here.As for everyone else's food, I didn't try it mostly because judging by their faces as they dug in to their food, I could tell their food was as decidedly mediocre and "meh" as mine was. Even more telling, a few of them "accidentally" forgot their leftovers at the restaurant when we left. I had high hopes for the place since it's fairly close to where I live but based on this experience, I'll be hard-pressed to go back.
3	My egg foo young was...different today. Not the flavorful patty to which I've become accustomed. It was kind of a bummer because I was having major cravings for the Combination #1. The chow mein was good, the shrimp was very good and the fried rice was noticeably not fried rice. Humpf! Even my fortune sucked sticks: "If you're riding ahead of the herd, look back once in a while to make sure it's still there." Dafuq?!
3	Sing High is the type of restaurant I'd envision myself meeting up with a black market liaison to the pretense of a luncheon but in truth we'd discuss small arms deals with their serial numbers filed off, untraceable. I'd order something seemingly innocuous and steeped in 80 years of tradition, in a building at once Orwellian and sad, but infused with a beat tradition of a Phoenix long since morphed into the metropolis we know it as today.  The chop suey or the egg foo young, greasy and bountiful and goddamned sure to fill your gullet on the long walk back to wherever you were going before you made the wrong turn and ended up here. I sat there in a tiny cast off booth made for one really, and opened my briefcase to idly read some Vonnegut and await my big steaming slop of guiltily satisfying mongolian beef, cheap flank steak heavily spiced and cooked in a brown sauce with long cuts of scallion, laid atop a bed of crispy rice noodles and a side of fried rice. I walked with Billy Pilgrim and Roland Weary in the snows of the german countryside in my mind and my mouth danced in a 40's version of chinese-american food that'd make my grandmother's tastebuds fat with dripping envy. So despite whatever anyone says about Sing High, I look to it as a place I can discreetly stuff my face with unpretentious chinese food for next to nothing and admire the ghosts of ages past that all did the same at one point or another."so it goes."
1	The only thing worse than the food there, is the service.  It's almost a joke how poor this place is
2	Almost no chicken in my Kung Pow Chicken.  I wish I could attach a photo to show the whole serving plate is still full after eating all of the chicken.  Special fried rice is good but, again, tiny shrimp & meat pieces.  Would be good if they stopped trying to save money/increase profits by skimping on meat in their dishes.
5	We love this place and have been going there for years! The food is great and Harlen and Karleen always make sure you feel just like family! Great place to grab some egg rolls and hot & sour soup before a Dbacks or Suns game! My wife loves the Happy Family Meal. We even threw my inlaws their 25th anniversary party here... had a party of 20 something ppl and it was great!
1	If you are hungry this place is going to fix that.  Hugh piles of food that is bound to make you lose your appetite.  Cartoon versions of American style Chinese food but completely devoid of any color.  Skip this place and to Wong's instead.  Same style of food but with flavor and better prices. Sing High does have a better looking dining room.  Wong's looks scary.
2	The food was good. The sevice was bad. No refills on ice tea. No checking back with us even though we were in eye sight of the server and the cashier while they texted on their phones. Finally I waved both arms and got the cashiers attention. She told the server and the server had to finish her texting before she got up to help us. Hey, if you just gotta text, do it in the back and check on your tables more than once.
5	Just tried this place for the first time tonight and we really liked it! The staff was very friendly. We ordered an appetizer and they were out of part of what it came with usually, so they substituted it with something even better. We got the orange chicken and Sing High fried rice, both of which were very good. We will be back!
3	This place used to have really good food. Now you get more than half of your plate covered in bean sprouts. I think its over priced for what you get.I've always had good service here.
2	If you happen to come across this little hole in the wall. The thought might pop into your head that this will be one of those great hidden gems. Well let me tell you know. Its not.According to my mother it used to be amazing a decade ago. But no longer. To be fair the gigantic hole in the ceiling right before you enter should have been our first clue. But it was almost 6pm and I hadn't eaten all day. Not to mention I've eaten amazing food in way shadier places. So we went in. The place is roomy, lots of parking and places to sit. But the decor mixed with the soft jazz they play is reminiscent of an old school gangster film. I spent my whole meal waiting for Sollozzo and McCluskey to meet their end.As for the food. I was shocked there was so little vegeterian friendly options. Which lead me to order an awkward looking plate of vegetables and chow mein. What it really was a can of hard noodles under a mix of onions and bean sprouts. With a mystery flavorless white sauce drenched through out. My not vegeterian associate got the sweet and sour shrimp. Which was ridiculously over battered. I was so hungry and disatiasfied with my meal I found myself eating her leftover batter. Which still had a bit of sweet and sour sauce on it. The sauce was probably the only redeeming factor food wise. We did have a nice and fast waitress.Long story short, I ate a grilled cheese when I got home.
4	Sing High fried rice tastes good!
4	Ordered a suggested combo that had egg foo young, chow mein, and sweet and sour pork. It was a good amount of good food for a decent price.  And whenever I eat Chinese I have to order the crab and cheese wontons, its my addiction.  Good quantity compared to other places (10 pieces).  I wish they had a little more filling, but that is my usual wish when I order wontons at most places.  My friend ordered the Bean Cake with Beef, which was also good.  Solid place to grab lunch in downtown Phoenix.  The restaurant/building does show its age compared to all the new places downtown.   I rounded up for the 4 star rating, its was better than okay, but would have to try again to be a fan.
1	I'm not one to complain when I receive medicore to bad service.  I have other things to do with my time, but my experience was the worst I'd ever experienced that I felt compelled to sign up for a Yelp account just so I could share my experience.  I was serving on a jury trial recently when me and 6 of my fellow Jurors thought we'd take the short jaunt from the courthouse to this restaurant.  The decor was beyond dated with an awkwardly placed birdcage in the middle of the room. But who cares as long as its clean and the food is good right? Well it was an epic fail on both accounts.  Two of my party sent their waters back immediately because of mysterious black things floating on it.  I ordered a shrimp and scallop dish some others ordered the chow mein combo plate.  I get my food and see that its in some weird milky/cloudy sauce with black beans in it.  I take a bite and its awful and tastes sour.  Thinking perhaps its just me I take another bite which is just as awful as the first.  I flagged down the waitress and politely asked her if I may swap out this dish for something else on the menu.  Here's where things get ridiculous.  She raises her eyebrows and demands to know "well what's wrong with it?" I told her that something didn't taste right.  She proceeds to give me another menu by throwing it on the table and then throwing her hands up in disgust and stomping off.  Everyone at the table was stunned into silence.  When she came back to see what else I'd like I told her that I was leaving and I found the food terrible and her customer service even worse.  They proceeded to charge me for the soda I literally took one sip out of just to wash the terrible taste of the food out of my mouth.  I left my party and had a wonderful lunch experience at Five Guys.  I later was told that two other jurors ended up walking out as well as their chop suey must have been left over from yesterday. There are several good options for food around the courthouse.  This is NOT one of them.  Save yourself the gastrointestinal distress and go to one of them.
4	Serving on Jury Duty, it is close to the Courthouse.  A couple of the gals that I am serving with, came in today.I ordered Shrimp Kung Pao, without the peanuts, or almonds, and white rice.  It was delicious, spicy as in the description, with lots of shrimps, and vegetables, and I ordered white rice.  My companion ordered the exact same thing, with fried rice.. and the other gal ordered a combination #1, and asked for chicken, instead of pork.  I know she was disappointed with the chicken, as it was all dark meat.Overall, a good meal, we drank water, had a waitress that looked like she was 80 years old, but was very efficient.
2	First and foremost, I had waited a long time to go to this place as I've heard really great stuff about it.. Food was good, good portions for the price and tasted good. Wait was another story altogether, I had to stand around while the staff came to and from without any acknowledgement or asking if I'd been helped. I had to flag down someone and ask how to get a table, they said they'd get to me and I proceeded to wait another 10-15 mins. I ordered my food and then proceeded to be interrupted by bouts of loud talking from the kitchen staff and floor personnel. I dismissed them at first but then I just wanted to eat and leave. I asked another diner near me if it was always this busy, their reply was "never seen it this disorganized.. been coming here since I was a kid.."All in all, I don't think I'll go back.. such a shame too, being from Az I like supporting homegrown family rooted businesses.
1	why did I return here? after over a year of saying I would never come back because the service was terrible. the place smelled old and musty.the restrooms were small and musty. my so called shrimp was nothing but heavily battered fatty something deep fried wrapped around teensie tiny shrimp topped with more deep fried chip things?  it was all so nasty and I know the dishes weren't properly washed. the poor waitress's are so old I don't dislike aged people I love them actually but in a restaurant where its super busy although I still can't figure out why they can't hustle when they should. I'm never coming back here.
4	Outstanding food. If you want real Chinese food like in China, go somewhere else. This is real Americanized traditional Chinese food. Terrible service. But I keep coming back because of the food. Mmm.
