3	This is my favorite taco joint in Vegas...if you don't count the ladies selling contraband tamales out of stolen grocery carts. But they stay on the move, so you can't count on them. As a side review, the lady who used to sell them around Twain and Swenson was particularly good. But, I digress. There are a few Tacos Mexicos scattered around, the ones I frequent are this one at Sahara and Valley View, the one across from the Huntridge Theatre, there's one on short west Trop, and the one down on the North End by the Stratosphere.  There is no consistency between them, one may stew the chicken for the tacos, another may grill it, but  it's all good...and every time I am in there, I am the only gringo in the place. The hardest part is dealing with the juke while waiting...Somebody explain to me, when the hell did the polka get adopted as the national pop music form in Mexico?  The menu board still has duct tape over where it said "Sesos"(brains) because of the whole mad cow thing I guess, but you can still get "Tripas/Guts" "Buche/Beef Cheeks" "Cabeza/Head"(not that kind, cross the county line, freak) and "Lengua/Tongue" tacos....but I don't like to taste anything that can taste me back, so I stick with chicken, carne asada, and al pastor, tacos, burritos, tostada, whatever I'm in the mood for. Oh yeah, and most importantly, it's 24 hours.  It ain't super clean, if you are into that. But when I was a kid in NY my dad always used to say that the guy with the dirtiest fingernails had the best hot dogs, and that's kinda how I look at Tacos Mexico...yeah the floors are greasy, and in at least one of them the cook is missing a hand, but what the hell. Good burritos don't fall off of trees.
3	This is a classic Vegas place, it's been around forever.  This was the first authentic Mexican restaurants I'd ever been to since it was close to my high school.  I remember being freaked out by the appearance of it at first, but really it's pretty good.As the other reviewer noted, you can get all kinds of traditional Mexican meats that Americans generally don't eat, but don't let that worry you.  Get the carne asada like you had planned, you'll still get carne asada.  It's so yummy.They ain't the cleanest places, but they sure is tasty.
4	really good real mex food . when you are there don't be afraid . it is all good . good to people watch but don't stair. pd . fd, hp, cruz in for a quick taco fix.cheep and fast take six taco with you to go
4	Ok, this is basically street food.  It isn't fancy. It isn't expensive.  It isn't gourmet.  It is authentic Mexican food...and it is amazing.  Their burritos are just phenomenal...and gigantic!  For 3.50 you can get a 3lb burrito.  It  is excellent.  Learn just enough Spanish to order...and have fun!
4	I am planning my trip to Las Vegas in March.  One place that comes in mind for good Mexican food just off the "Strip" is Tacos Mexico. It is a very bright cafeteria style restaurant with a menu posted on a huge board that will take you a few minutes to figure what you want.  They have  a wide variety of meats and different ways to serve the tacos or burritos.  I had a huge carne asada burritos that was very tasty.  I think it cost something like $4!  What a bargain for sure!  I also had a large horchata drink.  Well, it was the size of a barrel!  All in all, a very filling meal that i could not finish no matter how hard I tried!  I was full until late the next day!Be warned, they do serve in large portions so come hungry.  If you decide to take the rest home or back to your hotel, be warned that the food may leak out of your bag and get all over the place.  So, on my future trip to Las Vegas, I will have to catch a cab to this great Mexican restaurant.  I can't wait...of course, there are plenty of places I am looking forward to going to, but like last time, I managed to get here at 3 in the morning after an almost all night party!
5	Cheap good food.  You will leave with your side busted out.  One of my favorite dives when I visit Vegas.Skip the Pink Taco and try this place.  The refried beans are to die for.
2	The al pastor tacos taste like a SLIM JIM. The sope was good, the rice had an interesting flavor, and the beans were runny. The salsa was decent.
4	fast & friendly, english-speaking. food ordered was food delivered to the table. free refills. what you demand at a fast food place. average service. just make it fresh & get it right!!! they did goodthe carne asada was very good. tender & spiced just right. everything was hot & fresh. could've used a little more cilantro & onions but they are 2-bite tacos. excellent value for the $$
4	This fast food mexican restaurant is just off the strip-5 minutes WEST It's like a 50's style mexican diner-It's very roomy-lots of tables and some video games -Service is fast & friendly, Everyone is english-speaking.Dine-in orders are delivered to the table. But you can help yolurself to free refills. and the salsa bar.The carne asada is very good. tender & spiced just right. everything was hot & fresh. It could've used a little more cilantro & onions but they are 2-bite tacos. Excellent value for the $$. $1 Ea.ONLY CON:They could use a TVWe eat here at least 1x a month-they have 4-6 locations in Las Vegas and they are always voted best mexican fast food!!
5	Tacos Mexico is AWESOME.  I loved the chorizo tacos and the posole.   I personally love the atmosphere, but I have a couple friends that are scared of eating there-- but I think they're just pansies.  This is the best Mexican food in town.  And you can't beat the prices!
4	BEST Tacos Off the Strip!How there are no other reviews of this place IDK!It is always busy, It's Open late It has A drive thru it's Cheap and it is damn good.I almost forgot it's ONLY 5 minutes west of the strip near IN & Out. Check it Out!!I love the carne asada so I always get 6-8 tacos and 2 churros to go. It always hits the spot.
4	Leaving the club...looking for late night eats...and In-N-Out's closed!  This Chicago kid was ready to commit ritualistic suicide on the spot.Well, it turned out to be a blessing in disguise, as we came here, and I finally got to try carne asada fries.  This leads me to believe that Tacos Mexico used to be known as Tacos France (seriously though...what a stupid name).Whatever...even though they weren't on the menu, they sure did serve the fries.  And while my Californian friends remarked that it's made a lot better near them, I had no complaints.  They were cheap, plentiful, and damn tasty.
4	Just like it's counterpart in California this place is awesome. Tacos for under a dollar? You can't beat that. And it's open 24 hours. This place always hits the spot!
1	The first time we ate there was so good. we planned next trip especially to eat there. However, the second time the food was gross. It was so bad we never ate there again. It's true, it depends on the chef. I have little to say about this place, I was disappointed.
4	I know there's one around the corner in Echo Park that has bad reviews (maybe a different Tacos Mexico altogether) but this was the only Mexican  joint I found in Vegas to serve real Mexican dishes, like buche, tripas, lengua, cabesa, etc.  Everyone swears by Albertos but I would make the trek all the way from Green Valley to hit this place up for some good mexican food.  I usually stay away from the norm (carne asada or carnitas) b/c if I'm eating mexican, it better be mexican.  They have a drive through which is extra slow so you're better off going inside.  It's 24hrs which is awesome but sometimes you'll get some lurkers who come through.  Sometimes your cashier won't speak a hint of english but that just adds to the authenticity.  A little "run down" but I could care less.  The food is great and don't forget to order Horchata.
4	I go to the one by the stratosphere. It's about $5 for a big burrito. I usually get two meals out of one burrito, which is great. I get the carnitas and my boyfriend gets the carne asada, combined with the self-serve salsas (the verde & orange habanero rock) it's a filling cheap meal. The burritos are stuffed with rice, beans, tons of meat and fresh cilantro and onion. The tacos are cheap and tasty, stuffed with meat and raw onion and cilantro. Cash only, but good frugal eats!
3	I am not gonig to say that this is the wold's best mexican--it's not. but for a 24 hr spot, it's totally cool with me!
3	I've eaten here about ten times.  It was right up the street from where I used to live and very inexpensive for a taco joint.  Its open 24 hours but the parking is horrible (if someone is the drive-up, you can't get out until they leave).  The food is very good and the choices are many; servings are quite generous.  They only take cash, so be prepared for this when you come (there is an ATM in the restaurant).  It has indoor and outdoor seating but it's right next to Sahara so you don't get much to look at sitting outside.Like others have commented, its your typical authentic mexican food, nothing more or less.  If you're nearby, it is what I'd recommend.
2	I got punished and paid the price for trying a burrito at a place best known for their tacos. It also kinda helps too if I did more researches on things to do and places to eat and avoid when I visit any city. "I know, that is why we have Yelp!"This place is opened 24 hours and a drive-thru, which are the only positives. But my $6.00 "so called" super burrito wasn't what I was expected for a city best known for good food. First of all, I love all my "super burritos" fat, juicy, and wrapped tightly in a aluminum foil. But my burrito from here was small and wrapped loosely. Therefore, all the key ingredients fell apart on me leaving a fat mess. The meat, beans, and rice were also dry. And the chips were stale.I'm an old man and still play with my food. So I dissected my burrito and noticed, "I got ripped off." The shop didn't give me any cheese, guacamole and sour cream. If I wanted those fillings in my super burrito, according to menu I have to pay extra. Now I got it.  I ended up throwing 3/4 of that burrito away and left just finishing my Sidral Mundet sparkling Apple drink, which was refreshing.To find a decent "super" burrito in another city continues.
3	I'd give it 3.5 stars. Good food for cheap, real cheap! Just bring your pepto.So we went here 4 days ago just as we arrived in Vegas. I ordered the 3 tacos plate (comes with rice and beans and a soda for under $5!!). My gf ordered the sopes, and our friend got the taquitos. Everyone was pretty satisfied with what they got, the food was super filling. I'd recommend the carne asada tacos over the chicken. They also have a good salsa station where you can grab some pickled carrots, jalapenos, radishes, fresh cut lemons, along with 4 different salsas. We also ordered a side of their guacamole, which wasn't anything special, but I'd still order it again. I have to say though, the reason I'm not giving them 4 stars is that we all felt kinda crappy after eating here, very sluggish. I know it's mexican food, and I know it was probably greaser than you can taste which was probably the culprit, but nonetheless the feeling was mutual between us 3.I'd still go back!
4	Late nights and good eats for me at this Mexican spot.  I work at a club on the strip and after work I hit up Tacos Mexico before I head home. It's a must!! I will tell you though the only thing I eat here is the tacos. I usually get five and most of the time it's the carne asada. You can usually judge a Mexican spot by how good the carne asada tacos are and how they are prepared and this spot is THE spot to get some good, authentic tacos during the nighttime hours. Corn tortilla, meat of choice, onions, cilantro and salsa, what else you need? NADA. I will say that the patsor is only okay and the chicken is not that great, haven't tried anything else there. Stick to the carne asada and you'll be good. They also got a drive thru which is a plus and there usually is a line of cars bout 3 deep at 4 in the mornin.Oh and the other thing is the location... Its on Tropicana near the strip. In other words - the "track" - so if these tacos is not satisying enough you can get you some nasty tacos from the random girls walking down the street at any time of the night!
4	This part of Vegas has abundant generic chain restaurants...but few places with character. Although Tacos Mexico is part of a chain, it is soulfully grungy with old skool video games and a laid back vibe. This is the place to go for Mexican when the need strikes you.
2	Another quick lunch led me to this place. I headed straight to the drive-thru and ordered their lunch special: 4 tacos, a drink, and fries for $4.99. They get points for being quick (only waited about 5 minutes) and friendly. Unfortunately, that's about the best thing about this place. I ordered 2 carne asada tacos and 2 al pastor tacos. The tortillas were thick and gummy. The asada was dry and had little flavor. The al pastor was excessively greasy and the fries were forgettable. This might be good drunk food at 4 in the morning, but when you're sober... not so much.
4	Late night out drinking? Need something to fill your food craving? This is that place. Perfect location for locals and tourist alike if you are in the mood for some serious street tacos.
1	I dont mind other locations, but this location on this particular night sucked huevos.I dont find the need to ever go back. TOTAL LATE NIGHT BUZZKILL.
5	I always get the carne asada burrito here, it's my favorite.
2	I have visited this place a few times now, a couple of times not so sober and I remember it was good then...More recently I went back during lunch and the expeirence was not so stellar. The carne asada i got on my tacos had huge chucks of fat on them, I get trying to cut corners but if tacos jsut come with meat and tortilla make sure the meat is good. It was a bad experience, I guess I should go back to see if it was a fluke but don't really wanna watse a lunch when there are so many other good options out there. Only good point it that it is cheap but you get what you pay for here, fat tacos not carne asada.
4	Fried. Intestine. Tacos.Yes, yes..I know it may sound gross...and if you really think about it then, maybe it is..BUTTTTTTTTT, it's DEEP FRIED GOODNESS! And in a taco form.The lime, the tortilla.....everything just works. Reminds me a lot of Kogi tacos which, you know I love to death.Best part is it's cheap! $1.50 each. Cost less than my drink did.
3	Although I know that there are Mexican establishments across the city that serve better fare, I have a special place for Tacos Mexicos strictly because of its' connection to my hometown...Friday nights in high school always ended up at Tacos Mexicos in Hacienda Heights for Carne Asada Tacos!I HAD to yelp this particular Tacos Mexicos because it stands head and shoulders above the other locations in town...the food is cooked to order and always fresh compared to some of the mess you can find at the seedier locations throughout Vegas...To boot, Miercoles is 60 cent taco night! Reminiscent of my days back in high school!!!
1	Foam cups is about the only thing good about this place.  Food is below average.  I will not go back.
3	I love stopping at this place for some late night grub. It's always open and it's pretty cheap.Just drive up to the window and order there. There is no microphone. And just because it is a drive thru, be warned: the drive thru is pretty slow because they cook-to-order. And the tacos are pretty tiny. But they sure do fulfill my taco cravings.
2	Tried the head taco and it was okay. Also ordered the nachos and really was disappointed.. The lady who took my order wasn't very friendly and the lady who brought the food to the counter (where I picked it up) wasn't so cheerful either. They have a good salsa bar but it didnt look that fresh.Will not be returning..
2	Not the greatest food. I am usually sicks afterwards. The location is a little awkward (being next to a bunch of love boutiques). The place is always filthy and never taken cared of by janitors. It would be 1 star but the Horchata makes it all worth it. I advise you to go through the drive through as the inside is filthy (I am surprised the restrooms are cleaner)
4	Delicious. Tried tongue for the first time. Wish the service was faster. Happy with the food.
4	Their al pastor is fantastic! If you love corn tortillas go for the al pastor tacos. Say yes to onions and cilantro on top. Then put the red sauce (self serve) over it. (Yes there's a formula). If you are feeling flour tortilla go for the al pastor burrito (it comes with beans and rice, but I took a cue from my friend Vanessa and just get it with meat... onions cilantro red sauce again). I prefer the corn tortilla tacos. Yummy. Open 24 hrs-- Sahara and Valley View. Good stuff.
3	I thought the food was fairly authentic but it wasn't great. The outside and inside of the place was kinda dingy but I care more about how the food tastes than what the place looks like. This is the kinda place I'd probably give 4 or 5 stars to if I stopped by at 3am after hanging out all night but such was not the case on this visit. If you've even been to Taco Cabana in Texas, this is similar but more authentic mexican food.
4	TACOS! There are only two things that make me stop when I'm driving. Christmassy lights flashing on my rear view mirror and taco places. Tacos de Mexico is open 24 hours and close to home, this is like the emergency place for me to go when I'm starving and in need of grease and carbs fast! The food is sooooo good but a little greasy, this is like the Mexican version of heart attack grill on freemont  and that's why I only eat here once in a while. The restaurant doesn't look good from the outside and the inside looks just as good as the outside, but what you see is not what you get, you're here for the tacos and this place is all about your taste buds and nothing more. The taqueros here are very friendly and will answer any question you have about the food, but I wouldn't ask what lengua, cabeza or tripas are, I would just say I'll have three or four of those and point. You'll be glad you tried it whatever it is that you try since everything is good here.                                                                                ......See you at the taco line.
3	3 1/2 stars. I saw this place and stopped in for b fast. The bf menu was limited so I ordered a lengua burrito with beans & rice. The friendly waitress asked if I wanted onions, cilantro and salsa which I advised her yes.When I received my burrito and coffee the size was generous. The lengua was tender and the mixture of all the ingredients was yummy.  I added additional salsa to really give it a spicier kick and the burrito was filling. Coffee here is decent too.Enjoyable bf and I'm glad I drove by McDonald's and into this place.
3	Nothing special about this place. The food is decent and the atmosphere a crappy to-go spot. If you're dying of hunger and not willing to brave the lines at the neighboring In-N-Out burger, this is a fair option. I don't get the sense they're ever really busy. It's not like the taco place on Sahara a few minutes away....
4	With the exception of the ambiance, this is my second favorite Mexican restaurant in town.  The first being LIndo Michoacan and the third being Roberto's. :)  Tacos Mexico is truly authentic Mexican food - you'll find no fried tacos here.  It's like going to a street vendor in Mexico.  Of course you will also find some of the dirty people and/or tables in the dining area so I recommend going through the drive thru, lol.  And p.s. they don't accept credit cards so bring cash!
4	When you want a great Mexican food, you gotta look for a  hole-in-the-wall restaurant to get it and this place is it. I love to order a  variety of their tacos because they are all so good. This place reminds me of little Mexican taco restaurants back home in LA. Yes the interior is lacking but it makes up for it in authenticity and tastiness.
4	Best tacos in Town period. Go on wensday $0.70 tacos asada or carnitas. Other locations do this monday and wensday. Great after a late night of sin city, Lunch or pick up 20 on your way home.
2	Tried this location today and had a Chicken Burrito & while the service was very fast, and the girl taking the order was smiling and very nice, it was "More filler than Killer" compared to the one I usually go to by Stratosphere on LV Blvd where they load the Chicken on hard and you get your $5's worth. At this Location it was more beans & rice than chicken. It was good though but I'll be sticking with my neighborhood location.
4	Love tacos Mexico., I usually just the carne asada tacos, but if you want it to taste like it was home cooked and not fast food come here!  Always fresh, I just wish there was a location closer to the northwest where I live. They only take cash as well.
3	I came here two years ago and I loved it, apparently. But I went back today and was disappointing... The gordita was kinda sogginess if the tortilla was more crispier then it would get a pass but it wasn't. Okay flavor, but no. The Asada tacos were dry and the el pastor was just not all there. The flavor was off. It just tasted like freaking tomate and salsa. Definitely I will try another location.
2	They charge an "unadvertised" $1 charge for use of Mastercard, Visa, Debit, and any other credit card.  This is against these credit card's policies!I ordered a carne asada burritos for $5 + tax and it was just plain alright...nothing special.  I ordered around 11pm and there was only two customers in the entire store.  The meat looked and tasted as it had been sitting in a bin for awhile.THEY DO NOT MAKE IT FRESH...I can tell you that for a FACT!The good ones always throw the meat on the grill once you order it.
1	Beef taco ok.quesedilla..had me sick as shit
4	Don't know why there are so many low rating for Tacos Mexico. The atmosphere sucks of course (think almost any taco joint in Tijuana), but the tacos are terrific! Great tortillas and friendly staff. sad they closed the one of Tropicana.
5	Taaaaaaaaacs!!! Bomb digitty all day errr day. Uwwwwwee!
5	Best chimichanga ever n street tacos yum... Staff really friendly... They even have a drive thru. Food comes out fast too.
5	Ever since the Tropicana location closed this is my go to spot. Tacos are exactly what you're looking for in Mexican street food. Salsas are always on point as well
4	I always come here on taco Wednesdays. Its so great that its late night for people like me who have a messed up schedule. Sometimes we work graveyard and its easy to just pick up a couple of tacos on the way home. love it. I never spend more than $10 dollars here at a time. convenient and easy.
5	Really good Carne Asada  tacos and their salsa was good too. Will definately be back!
4	Woke up craving tacos at 430 and decided to come give this place a try. It's a very tiny place but has a drive-thru window. I decided to go because I like to gather my own salsas and stuff. The place was clean inside but they can really use a new menu. Luckily I knew what I wanted and didn't care about the price. They have a hand written sign for taco pricing and a few pictures for their combos.I ended up getting two carne asada burritos and a large Jamaica for like $15. I have no complaints about the food what so ever. My food was ready before I was done filling up my four little salsa cups. The meat was very tender. Only thing is, if you don't like spicy foods like my bf, do not get any salsa at all! I had the red in my burrito and got green on the side for him. The green is suppose to mild but this one is a hot mild. Almost seemed a bit spicier than the red.I will be coming back. Think they have $0.70. Tacos on Wednesdays as well.
4	I have used this location on several occasions to get my late night hunger fix.  This place is out of the way from the strip but not that far is one would like to take it to go.  When I stay at the Rio or Palace Station the food is still hot by the time it gets to my room.Earlier this week I woke up a little homesick and a craving for "comida authentica" that any of the hotel restaurants or other chains would not be able to satiate.  I stopped by here and picked up at large cup of menudo.  It was awesome it came backed with bits of buche instead of tripe  which I found delightful.  I will definetely add that to my next recipe when I make it again.Is it the best taqueria I have ever gone too, maybe not, but its open 24hours and offers so damn good food.
