2	This place is located right on Mill, with a patio that is right in the action.they gimmick of this primarily college bar is their frozen drinks, which are tossed around in Kwik-E-Mart squishy style windows behind the bar that you can see. they come in plenty of flavors like red, green, orange, etc. seriously, they all taste the same to me, and after a couple they only become recognizable by color.the frozen drinks are loaded with sugar and everclear (like the HIgh Octane) so it only takes two to feel super drunk and have a real bad stomach ache (which feels even worse the next day).they also have regular beers and liquor, and even a menu - which i never realized til someone sitting next to me was presented  a hamburger at their table. overall it's not my style, gimmicky, co-edy and obnoxious, and i only end up here when someone else wants to go here for some reason that i can never fathom.
3	I actually kind of like this place, believe it or not.  As a matter of fact one of my photos on my profile is from a night at Fat Tuesday.  I haven't been in a while, but we tend to go when it's not as busy (during Spring Break, December and the summer).  Notice the strategic anti-ASU pattern there?  No offense, but Fat Tuesday can be a fun place with the right people. When we go we get our run of the show (there's usually under 20 people there) on off-nights.  The main draws being cheap $1 frozen daquiri drinks on Wednesdays (oh, 190 Octane how I LOVE your orange goodness!), free rein with the music video requests, and a huge dance floor to ourselves.  It got so fun and crazy one off-night that some chick dared Melinda to a Michael Jackson "Thriller" dance-off.  And, well, Mel just kicked her butt.Word to the wise...cheap, sticky drinks tend to equal gross sticky floors.
3	I don't care for many Mill Avenue establishments during the school year. Drunken frat boys playing alpha male and sorority girls doing their slutty exhibitionist thing just hit a sour note. However in the off hours of college binge drinking, say Saturday day drinking or summer and winter break, I really enjoy me some Mill Avenue. One of my favorite places on the strip is Fat Tuesdays.You see, I have a weakness. And that weakness is slushy drinks. Slush puppies, Mr. Mistys, Icees, and the mother of them all...the pina colada. Which in a nutshell is why I like Fat Tuesdays. It's pure sugar and ice blended into a melange of delicious. Granted, all the red frozen drinks taste the exact same, but the 190 Octane, Pina Colada thing, Blue Raspberry and Mango are delicious flavors that end in big old hangovers if you overindulge. But since they're frozen, it takes much longer to sip one down than a regular mixed drink, saving you money and still messing you up (provided you go the 190 Octane route). Make sure to try an Atomic Cherry (or Nuclear Cherry or whatever they're called) for 50 cents while you're there. It's a downright painfully delicious experience. If you go with a group, which is recommended because you have to bring your own posse of fun up to Mill Avenue, splurge for a round of them. Then watch even the manliest macho man agree that those everclear soaked cherries are a painful bitch to confront.But under all circumstances, don't get the food. It's sucktastic, and with so many other awesome options around Mill, why bother?
2	I spent most of my first year being legal drinking age at this wild, college bar. It was fun then, but I got older, it wore on me. It's a big ASU bar and there's no escaping the drunk college kids. The guys can usually be found on the patio barking lame pick up lines at the female passerbys and the ladies are usually grinding it up on the small dance floor on the weekend nights.With the summer heat, Fat Tuesdays frozen drinks are appreciated. But if you don't want to drink them with the college crowd, hit the bar during the day or early evenings.
3	Just returned from the Phoenix area and so my friend insisted we check this place out.  Well basically the place serves an alcoholic versions of "Slurpees" in a variety of flavors.  If you've been to Las Vegas it's the same as those slushy alcoholic drinks but made in a small Arizona-sized portions.I was ok hanging out on the patio but I don't think I would trek here as my destination.  The prices were ok as well as the scene.  In fact we saw a table of 8 people apparently just walk out without paying their bill so we watched half of the staff burst out the door running in different directions trying to apprehend the suspects.  Weird huh?
3	Fat Tuesday is a fine destination on a nice sunny Saturday afternoon because you can sit on the patio and enjoy the people watching that abounds on Mill Avenue. IThe small menu contains a handful of items 95% of which are fried, which is great when you are drinking. No complaints on the mozzarella sticks from me!  My huge problem with Fat Tuesday are their beer prices...$4 for a Bud Light bottle. That is just absurd in my opinion considering I could just walk down the street and get a $5 pint of Harp at Rula Bula.  I haven't tried the slush drinks yet, but perhaps on the next nice Saturday afternoon I am on Mill, I will because I am guessing they are a better deal in terms of price and alcohol content.  They were quite popular with our friends last time we were there.Fat Tuesday isn't a reason to go to Mill, but an adequate stop if you are there and just want a drink or two on a sunny spring day.
1	Their alcohol slushies are undrinkable and are sure case of gut rot. As far as the place, its pretty small you'll probably want to leave after 10 minutes.
3	This place could be a problem if it came to NYC. Alcoholic slushes, would lead to many problems on a hot summer day, but the bright side is that it is in Tempe - so I can enjoy it when I head out there.I originally wanted to try a Fat Tuesday out in Vegas, but due to my hectic schedule out there, I never got a chance, but I had the opportunity to try the one in Tempe.Concept-wise it is a cool idea, slushies with alcohol, so you can keep cool and get wasted at around $7 a pop. Other than that the place lacks. When I went it was pretty empty besides a few seedy people, and a magician showing off his talents. There is a patio so you can people-watch as you sip your frozen alco-slush, which might give you a slight buzz depending on what you got.After you finish your slushie, you  probably have the idea of moving on and just walking around Mill Avenue because there is nothing really worth it here - that's if you call alcoholic slushies worth it. There are better bars in the area, with more of an atmosphere and less of a gimmick.
2	I think I have hated Fat Tuesdays since they started opening in the Valley. The loud music will probably never let you down however. The slushy' are disgusting I really wish they would taste better. I try every few years and nothing changes ....EVER. Best on a hot day if you have to be out in public drinking shitty blended drinks I say.
1	ASUBimbo1 "Hey I've got a great idea. Let's go over to Fat Tuesday's, power down some super greasy food and chase it with one of those gut rot slushy's"ASUBimbo2 "F yea, I love those cherries soaked in gas"ASUBimbo1 "Cool, let me just douse myself with four more gallons of this shitty perfume so I can pump and grind on anything warm all night"ASUBimbo2 "Oh no I just talked to Tammy and she said it was closed for serving to minors"ASUBimbo1 "That's totally prejudice, miners need booze too"
1	Apparently I stand corrected and this place is still open. Maybe they were just spraying for crabs when I walked by... It was boarded up.. But now a fully functioning bump and grind. Enjoy.
1	Being in this bar makes me feel dirty. There are always the creepiest of the creepy guys inside and the girls that look like their fake IDs weren't good enough to get them into a good bar on Mill. The music is always insanely loud (and not even good, usually). Highlight: the outdoor patio. I'm a sucker for outdoor dining/drinking
2	They should rename this place to Lame Tuesday or Douche Tuesday.They serve foo foo slushy drinks that are mediocre at best.The place blasts the most annoying music so loud, that the coffee plantation shakes at night.I usually get "want to fight eyes" from the steroid club that's hanging out on the patio every time I walk by.I want to reopen this place as "The Home Depot", cause it has the most tools you have seen under one roof.To add insult to injury they charge a cover on  weekends, like paying 8 bucks for a 24 ounce cup of ice and shit isn't bad enough.  The only redeeming deal they have is $1 for a shot of 151 rum in your cup... of course it isn't Bacardi 151, but some grain alcohol off brand.  If you are here spend like $10 on those extra shots, because it will help keep you from slashing your wrists in the bathroom.Another upside to this place is that after a night here, if you vomit on a a really big piece of a paper and leave it out all night, you might be able to slang it at an art gallery as modern art."This place is good... for me to poop on."
2	I am now aware of the fact that they do not charge covers on the weekends...This being the case, I could now possibly see myself dropping by for one cocktail on a Mill avenue binge session, but just one.
3	Oh, Fat Tuesday's. How you confuse me. I'm unsure about my emotions regarding this venue. It errs on the borderline "strongly dislike" side, yet I can't tear myself away from Monday nights. To be frank, Mondays are the only nights that are halfway decent. Granted, I rarely go, and when I do, it's with a group of my closest friends. But cheap drinks. How can you go wrong? When you're bored, and have nothing better to do, take a group of your closest friends and grab cheap drinks. The atmosphere of the club is interesting. There are a lot of creepy, shady characters that frequent the place, save the few college kids that stand out like a moth on flypaper. The drinks...meh. They are alright.  You won't attain any orgasms by drinking the slushies, so I'd save my dollar bills for some shots of tequila, if you're able to handle that. All in all, I'd say that Fat Tuesday's is a place you would go to when you're extremely bored, and are broke. Don't expect ridiculously thin legged models, and a bunch of young, beerpong loving college coeds - or atleast on Monday's. Just go for the sake of your hurting wallet.
2	Fat Tuesday's is one of my least favorite places on Mill Ave. When it's not the college crowd (and even when it is) Fat Tuesday's is filled with some sketchy folks. I've never had the food but the drinks are so-so.The slushy gimmick isn't worth going to this bar more than once
1	I like dive bars as much as the next guy, but this place made me feel rather dirty just for being in there.  I sat with my girlfriend at the outdoor patio, and a large crowd circled around a few tables decided to have an ice cube fight.  The servers came and went while this was going on, but didn't seem to care and didn't do anything about it, even though the ice was hitting innocent bystanders (such as me and my girlfriend).    The various pre-made frozen drinks seem like a fun concept, but this place really does strike me as a true armpit.  Avoid.
3	A slight taste of New Orleans on Mill Ave. Although the drinks aren't as good or as powerful as what you find on Bourbon St, a decent substitute when you can't get to the Big Easy. There are a variety of flavors to choose from.  Service was generally quick. Has outdoor seating.
3	I thought this was a gay bar... Uncle Stinky Poo has been trying to convince me that it is not. Maybe if they lost the blacklights, wild neon colors, and the techo dance-music track from 2003, I might believe him.
3	Went here on vacation with some friends. The place was packed. There was no cover. Very good bartenders. The bartenders are super quick with drinks, even though the place had tons of people. The music was not really my thing, but I still had a great time. The music is very loud, but they have a great outside area.
2	We ended up at Fat Tuesday because back in the day--which now I realize must have been wayyyy back in the day--Fat Tuesday was a fun place to be.  We went for lunch thinking it was a common spot for people to enjoy the day in the sun on Mill Street. Meh. It felt like we were the only ones to have ordered food there is some time, as the server looked really surprised we wanted to eat.  Everyone else was enjoying massive cocktails on the patio while smoking more cigarettes than anyone should in hot weather. THe atmosphere didn't really work with our food, which was greasy and boring anyway.I guess we should have known the place has really changed over the years because it was definitely not a spot I want to return to.
4	One drunken night this past weekend we stumbled into Fat Tuesday and had quite a variety of mixed cocktails (all of which helped me crave a spicy sausage from down the street). The music was pretty decent and typical, I can't imagine someone complaining about the music being "too loud" for an establishment such as this. The girls were shameless and there were hot guys as far as the eye could see (note: there were also creepy old dudes hanging around just waiting for the right drunken bimbo to fall into their arms asking if they were her daddy). I should mention that the guy to girl ratio was something like 5:1, but I wasn't really complaining. My only complaint about this place - being that I don't typically wear anything other than my rainbows - is that I was incapable of easily moving my feet, I had to use quite a bit of force to lift them off of the ground, walk, or even move. The floor was so sticky, I can't imagine that they EVER actually clean that floor with anything other than a hose. The morning after I even found bits and pieces of the floor from Fat Tuesday stuck to soles of my sandals. Other than that, this place was pretty cool - if you're a guy looking to get a girl drunk (fast) I'd suggest taking her here, especially since they offer such a high variety of slushy, fruity, and heavy-on-the-alcohol drinks.
5	There are a lot of places to visit on Mill Avenue . . . however, there is no place like Fat Tuesday!   When we visit Tempe, we always make it a point to stop at "Fats".   We have always visited before the night time crowd comes.  When we walk in the door, the bartenders remember us, suggest yummy drinks, ask about us . . . treat us like we are special.   We have struck up many conversations with other patrons who enjoy going to Fat Tuesdays as much as we do.  During the day it''s a great place to just get out of the heat, cool off with their daquiris and eat a delicious Po Boy.  Jason is our favorite bartender . . . and we have lots of laughs with him!   I am counting the days until weI will be back in AZ to go to Fat Tuesday!
2	Sure it's a bit scuzzy, but they have a wall of freakin' Slurpee machines filled with booze.  It's really the antithesis of everything a good cocktail should be.  And I should hate it.  But I don't.  Part of the problem comes from growing up in Miami.  The national drink of the Florida Keys is the Rum Runner.  It's a cocktail that is pretty much impossible to find north of Miami.  But Fat Tuesday's has it.  Well, all Fat Tuesday's besides this one.  WTF.  I was surprised to see that they have a drink made with Pyrat rum.  And it was fine.  But it wasn't the Fat Tuesday's experience of my youth that I was hoping for. Where did the Rum Runner go?Well, the bartender explained that they had to take out a few machines to make room for additional bottles of booze.  Apparently someone had the bright idea that Fat Tuesdays should actually mix cocktails besides just pour frozen boozy slushies into plastic cups.  Whoever had that idea should be fired.Boozy slushies in plastic cups is what this place is about.  And in the heat of a Tempe summer a Rum Runner would be just about perfect.  But they are gone because apparently some fool thought it would be a good idea to sell cosmos too.
4	You can't come here without doing some atomic cherries.
5	Love, love this place. Had their White Russian Daiquiri mixed with their tasty Banana Daiquiri. This particular location has more choices, I love more choices when it comes to alcohol. Place is pretty large, alot of Fat Tuesdays tend to be much smaller. Can't wait to have another one of their frozen delights in my hands.
4	Sometimes I really wonder what my fellow Yelpers are really reviewing. What do they want Fat Tuesday's to be - a gormet bar that sprinkes magic dust into your drink that helps you get laid? C'mon peeps, judge it for what it is.As others have said, this place's main thing is their wall of frozen booze. I feel like I'm in a Quick-Trip ordering a drink. Well, until I eat that damn Atomic Cherry that has been soaking in Everclear and I sip my drink that is heavily diluted with some alcohol. then I quickly realize that if I am going to drink two or more of these things... I might want to call a cab or I'll be getting pulled over by a horse cop as I exit Mill Ave.Is it a dance club? Sure, it has a dance floor. But I like to think of it more as a place to watch people who have had 2 too many slushies try to shake it (all in good fun of course, because I've done it). This isn't no Rain night club of Vegas, people. What's good? No cover. People come and go so there is always someone new to talk to or watch. Outside area is a blast to sit and drink and people watch the people of Mill. Bartenders are lightning quick and make my drinks very well.I love this place. What is there not to love unless you are looking for Scottsdale glamour.
4	Drinks are delicious and get ya plastered quickly!!
2	If your like frozen drinks, this is your place.  Had a hoping Mardi Gras party.  But I want more than just frozen cocktails at a bar.
3	Me and my boyfriend came here for lunch. There weren't a lot of people there but that still didn't help with the service. It took a substantial amount of time for us to get our food which was ok. He had the jalapeno burger and I had a shrimp po' boy and they both came on ciabatta bread, which made it a little difficult to enjoy the shrimp which wasn't as crispy as I liked. The music was nice and mellow while we were eating lunch. It took forever for our waitress to bring the check so I had to get it from the bartender and then after waiting for 10 minutes she finally came back with the receipts. Overall, it was an ok place. Nothing much to brag about but then again they're known for their drinks and not their food for a reason.
1	How disappoint was I when my husband returned home from a Spring Training trip with 20 friends and was told the bouncer at your establishment ejected my husband from the bar and told him to "take his lesbian friends with him".  I thought we as a society have come further than these types of remarks are we are for sure letting all our heterosexual and Gay and Lesbian friends to stay away from your establishment.  SHAME ON YOU FOR EMPLOYING PEOPLE THAT THINK THEY CAN REFER TO PEOPLE IN THIS MANOR AND STILL HAVE A JOB!
3	Want to get drunk? I mean falling over, possibly having sex in public...but you're not sure if that really happened drunk?This is the place.Described aptly as "7-11 on acid" the giant bank of alcoholic slurpee, er daiquiri, machines is a sight to behold! Try to catch a glimpse of the inner workings while waiting for the men's room (its fine to go into the locking one ladies) its kind of crazy in there! All sorts of whirring machines and people leaping around with gallon buckets of daiquiri mixes, or stirring 50 gallon vats of daiquiri mix that recently had an obscene amount of liquor dumped into it.Wait a minute! They don't only have daiquiri drinks! They've got a full bar! They've got food too? WTF? Fats actually has a pretty good kitchen. If you come in for lunch, sit at the bar. The servers really aren't interested...honestly this is probably one of the worst places in the world to be a server. Go to the bartenders, they are happy.Remember though, the whole point of this place is to get you drunk. They know their job well. They have levers to pull on a bank of machines that makes drunks, they hand you a glass of something that is generally over 150 proof (75% ABV). The most famous drink is the 190 Octane, it really is 190 proof (95% ABV) then you can get everclear soaked cherries as well...I have never left this place sober.
4	Honestly my favorite place I've visited so far. The blended drinks are awesome. Call me silly, but I prefer those to the pure liquid drinks. I'm sort of slushy drink person. Music was good. A little empty but I was there a little late. I'd definitely go again.
3	cheap drink specials and front/backside patio is what makes this place tolerable.  This place has loud music and is unoriginal for the most part but I still had an alright time.  The 150? octane drinks will get you going for the night and they use to have 50 cent bud on tuesday nights back in my day.
4	My boyfriend and I wen here in Jan 2011 to try it out. We liked how it didn't have a no cover and had an interesting menus (except alligator). We go in and found out you can sit yourself wherever you like. Waiters and bar tenders were nice, we ordered our food, and we had a good time with the music too.They do have a dance floor, but never seen anyone use it maybe they do late at night. The drinks are fairly cheap and we got super drunk one night which was fun!!! would we go back again? yes, we would. Would love to stay late that place.
4	My girlfriend and I went here in Jan 2011 to try it out. We liked how it didn't have any cover charge and had an interesting menus (except for the alligator meat). We went in and found out you can sit yourself wherever you like. Waiters and bar tenders were nice, we ordered our food, and we had a good time with the music too.They do have a dance floor, but never seen anyone use it maybe they do late at night. The drinks are fairly cheap and we got super drunk one night which was fun!!! Would we go back again? Yes, we would. Would love to stay late at that place sometime.
5	Fun place, staff is super friendly, lots of attractvie girls and dancing. Went on a Sat and the DJ was great. I really enjoyed myself.
4	Good music, good drinks, awesome jello shots.  I enjoyed this place.
3	Decent drink specials if you happen to like frozen drinks or hurricanes. I ordered the Bourbon BBQ Bacon Burger and wasnt blown away by it. First off it, didnt come with the sweet potato fires the menu said it did and my burger was over cooked for my taste. My waitress later said if I wanted it that way, I should have asked. I guess it was my fault of reading my menu correctly...
1	i went here this past Saturday and the place was packed. I went to the bartender to get some drinks and ordered some jello shots (15) to be exact. The bartender starts handing them to me and I asked if someone could take them to the patio for us. He belligerently said he wouldn't and passed me off to an even ruder server who totally rolled her eyes!! Too bad b/c me and my crew love to drink......and tip well. Don't these people work for tips. But I guess I forget it was Mill and most  of them are probably college students - good luck paying for it! HA!
4	I visited Tempe and of course I had to see this famous "Mill Ave" strip. This was one of the places we went to. Mind you, we went on a Saturday afternoon so it wasn't packed, there wasn't a DJ and no one was blacked out drunk but there is a place just like this in Downtown San Diego that I love going to and this place was exactly like it! It was 105 outside and me being used to year long 70 degree weather..I needed something frozen and I needed a buzz to cope with the damn heat. The Mango Berry slushee was the ticket! This place is great, and the patio is very spacious. Looks like it could be a good time at night. Definitely a place you want to go to when you want a quick buzz...get one drink (any of them, really) and one of those cherries soaked in Everclear and you're good for the night!
3	if you want to cool off on a HOT day Fat Tuesdays is the place I prefer happy hour because getting a deal always makes me a happy camper! THIS PLACE IS DEAD A LOT - SO IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO RAGE THIS IS NOT THE PLACE but it is perfect place to cool down and chat with a few friends... - If your having southern withdrawls and looking to feel at home the decor makes you feel like your down town burban street.
4	Certain place on the patios you literally cant here yourself talk none the less your friend. The slushies are pretty awesome. (Strawberry and Mango) Get a shot in it for $1 more and it helps you drink it faster :) No cover also which is sweeet. Dance floor is usually pretty empty for some reason. More of a chill bar I guess.
4	In a word, daiquiris. That's what they are known for. They do have a small dance area, which is rarely used on the weekend nights, because everyone is getting daiquiris. All of them are really powerful.  Nice spot on Mill Ave, in Tempe.
2	Oh Dear Lord, this place scares me. I think Fat's is the perfect place for a bar crawl for a 21st, tourists who don't know any better, bachelorette party nightmare, or a themed night out where everyone pretends its 1990s and that daiquiris are still a cool drink. The few times I have been unwittingly dragged here, the service was always good, the drinks were strong and the food was blah. I just can't get over the slushie machines at the bar (there's something so wrong about that, when were they last cleaned!) and the boob beads everywhere. Maybe on Bourbon Street, but not here, I think I'll be going else where.
4	My first Yelp review!!I came here on a Friday night and this was the first place on my first tour of Tempe (I just recently moved to Phoenix from Virginia).I also happened to show up the first weekend that school was in session so this place was semi-packed when I walked in at 9 p.m. There was a DJ playing some decent music but the dance floor wasn't crowded at all since it was early.I got served relatively quickly. Since I was new to the place I asked the bartender for a recommendation and he instantly told me to get the 190 Octane ($5.50)...I didn't know it had Everclear in it until I grabbed a menu a few minutes later and saw what was in it. Holy smokes! The drink itself was pretty strong, but easy to down because of the slushie-like consistency and orange color and taste. I definitely was feeling GOOD after I left the bar.There's a good amount of spiked-slushies you can try, so I'll definitely be back to test out some other ones. Check out the list here: http://www.fattuesdaytempe.com/daiquiris.html
1	Somebody needs to get Bar Rescue into this place. I walked inside and waited for somebody to take my order.  The atmosphere was too dark and somewhat musty. The bartender who finally welcomed me was arrogant and lazy. I ordered a beer and a burger. He laughed and replied that the cook wasn't in yet and commented that I looked like I ate a lot of burgers. If he was trying to be funny, it didn't work.The worst thing any business can do is to insult the customer. It took everything I had not to slug him a good one. I kept my cool and promptly walked out.
3	Fat Tuesday's is the place to go if you want sugary slushies that mess you up. I usually don't care for chains, but the Mill location is decent and has no cover. I've never experienced any problems with the staff like other people, but I wouldn't doubt that there are smart asses working there. Put them in place!Drinks are average price, with the slushies being the specialty. Depending on the night they will have a DJ playing run of the mill top 40 crap, but it doesn't really interfere with your drinking. Crowd is a mix of ASU students and townies, depending on the time of year. Come with low expectations and leave happy!
2	What a disappointment. Never had a heard a good thing about this place, I went here on a Wednesday night with some friends because I wanted to check it out. My college town had a great alcoholic smoothie/slushie pace and it was bomb, everyone loved it and could not get enough of it. Sadly, Fat Tuesday does not hold a candle to it.Mainly because the bartender was so incredibly rude. I asked him about the special written on the board outside and he told me that was only for happy hour (then maybe you should write that on the board). I stalled before ordering and asked my firned what she was getting. She said something then I ordered too based off what I saw on the machines, I just wanted something fruity. We both told him our orders and he goes, "Whatever, girls" and laughed. Um, I'm sorry? Did you just laugh at a buying customer for their drink order? If you don't want people ordering girly drinks, don't make them! Needless to say we only tipped him fifty cents, still making our SMALL drinks $5.Not going back here ever.
3	Stopped in for a while before heading to the airport. Great deals on Tuesdays and pretty decent bar food. The bartender was super nice and engaging. It was in the middle of the day so I'm not sure how the night time scene is.
4	Wooot for "grown up slushies!"This place is a staple of my Vegas adventures and was just as fun in AZ. We hit Happy Hour for cheap drinks & apps after an expensive Octoberfest. Lord please forgive me for the extra shots of everclear on top...$1 floaters...they should be ashamed of themselves...sinful...I LOVEDDD it!
1	I wanted so badly to love this place. The set-up is fantastic, with its Icee-esque alcoholic beverages and some of the best DJs I've heard in Arizona.I went with a gay couple, and the three of us had just gotten a round of drinks (our first drinks) and were dancing to "Call Me Maybe". One of the guys threw his arms around his boyfriend's shoulders for about two, perhaps three, seconds and immediately went back to dancing solo--and within five more seconds two guards told us that we were "too drunk" and had to "leave immediately". They ushered us out forcibly. We were, of course, completely sober--and when I realized what was most likely the cause of this "drunk" verdict I was so angry I was shaking.Fat Tuesday, you will never get my service again if you respond to your paying customers with discrimination. I will be telling others about this occurrence.
4	Got a half price drink for checking in to Yelp at Fat Tuesday. The service was good and food was good. Was there long, but had no compliments.
3	On Mill ave, this place is my favorite. The staff is super nice and the drinks are really cheap. I like that they mix up the music with electro. Overall, this place is never as packed but that part f the reason why I enjoy the venue.
4	We spent New Years here for '12 and it was a pretty darn good time...If you came early. The crowd got so out of control that you couldn't dance and you ended up paying a $40 cover charge. The reason why it's so popular here is there frozen alcoholic drinks that range anywhere from 190 Octane (151 Rum) to some mild 80 proof rum concoction. They also have a full bar if the frozen thang ain't your thing. Nice outside patio area that allows you to gaze at the hammered ASU students and sit under a nice heated lamp.
3	Good place to grab a drink.
2	The first thing that comes to mind when I think of Fat Tuesday is "dark" and "dirty", each vying for the position of first. This is the kind of place where underage ASU kids sneak in and a frat boy roofies a girl's drink and catches her alone in the dark, grimy, secluded bathroom area. I'm serious. It's that bad.This is not comparable to the daiquiri/margarita slush deals in Vegas either.The overjuiced Pauly D look-a-like bartender would not leave us alone, and kept regaling us with tales of why girlfriends and boyfriends are a waste of time and you should just kick em to the curb in the morning.... Thanks for the advice, broseph, I'll be sure to tell my boyfriend that.And speaking of the hangovers: You know how I knew I was going to get a hangover? Not because of the alcohol in my drink, but because of the sugar. It was like they dumped 10 lbs of sugar in each machine. And guess when I got that hangover? Not 20 minutes after finishing my drink. Talk about feeling like crap, ingest 300 grams of sugar along with probably 3 shots of rum blended with ice. BLECK.
3	I havent been in this place since they remodeled it, but its much better now! If your going for a bike ride down mill this is definitely a good place to stop. At night it gets a little more busy but everything runs smooth.. and the slushy drinks are awesome.. but words of wisdom, if you eat the everclear cherrys, EAT THEM FAST..its a shot you have to chew..bleck
1	You don't charge $16 for very little, bland tasting crawfish! The crawfish itself was small too. I don't think i had more than 11 whole crawfish. I wish I can post a picture to justify my disappointment.
2	This was stop 2 for my friends and I's awesome pre St Patty's Day drinking times. There was no line outside at about 10:15 ish. We got fireball shots for 3$ which is a good deal IMO, but other than that it was not so good. The slushies were a little on the gross side, too sweet. I got the strawberry marg and it was just too syrupy and too expensive for what you get (like 8$ for a 'large' which is not that large). The music was fine and the dancing was fun, but I wouldn't say this is one of my favorite bars.
4	Yelp deal of 50% off was great!
5	If you want freeze your brain on a really good adult smoothie this is a great place to start. There is so much varieties and the sizes to pick from. Seating outside has improved for people watching on Mill Ave. food is really good if you get the bar food munchies
5	I might be a little partial to Fat Tuesday just because it was the perfect environment for the company I was with that night. It was a Saturday night, I moved quickly through the short line, found seating even though it was 10PM and it was an awesome vibe that evening! The frozen drinks are bomb if you get the extra shot, however a little on the pricey side and might take you 10 minutes to get it. The next time I visited was during a weekday at about 3pm. Headed straight out side and found it to be pretty nice actually...relaxed, cool place to chill in the daytime!! Overall i love the place and I will definitely be going back! Oh yea, bouncers were cool too and I was surprised for a place like that.
5	My favorite bar on Mill Ave... because it's friggen hot in Phoenix, and they have the best of 2 worlds mashed together... booze and slushies!! I go for Happy Hour usually because it always seems to be Happy Hour there. Their food is really good too... I usually just get the Chicken Strips appetizer though. 191 Octane and Banana daiquiri mix with a dollar shot on the side, and maybe one or four of their alcohol-soaked cherries. I know what I want!
4	Came here for my friend's power hour and now I'm trying to figure out why, despite all the times I've been to Mill, I've never been to Fat Tuesday until recently.I got a pair of birthday cake shots (since apparently all anyone had gotten my friend through most of the night were shots of Fireball and tequila) and a Peach Bellini slushie, which was a godsend on a night that was most likely 100+ outside. The birthday cake shots were fantastic and the Peach Bellini was even better. Inside it was a little crowded, but still managed to be a comfortable temperature. The patio, on the other hand, had very few people so we were able to grab a table for our group right under the misters.Really, the only irritating part was how pushy they were about getting people out the door once they closed and barely gave any warning to finish our drinks. But I can kind of understand the pushyness, considering it's Mill and the number of drunk college students they usually have to deal with.
4	Average bar in Mill.  For it's theme, they do make a strong and sugar filled drink, so, I guess that's good if that's your thing.  Crowds, loud music are a norm on a weekend.  So, it's nothing special, true to it's theme, and good at what it's trying to do I guess, if your into that...
1	Haha! This place is a joke. So lame it makes me laugh. Not only is the music whack, but the bouncers are clueless, pathetic white boys with no idea what a mockery they are. After getting bored and deciding to leave, we were waiting for our friends outside. The brain-dead bouncer thought he could tell us we couldn't stand on the sidewalk. Too bad it's a public space and he had to look stupid since we didn't move. Sorry suckers. Oh wait, not I'm not.
3	You can ask to try samples! Watch out for the nuclear cherries, they're soaked in everclear!
5	Place is awesome! Great live music going, one man band. Had spinach and artichoke dip that was good.  Margaritas were excellent, shots were great and to top it off they took $5 with Veebow app!  Good times!
3	Stopped in on Saturday for some pre-gaming before the ASU vs. Wisconsin game. We have been here a few times before but never on a Football Saturday. It was about half-full when we got there but by the time we got our drinks the bar was filling up pretty quickly. The bartenders looked a bit flustered with the crowd, but I would think they were making good tips since 90percent of the crowd were Wisconsin fans(vacation money, spend it all)We had a $4 Hurricane which hit the spot, after that we had one of the frozen drinks, was perfect for the heat, can't remember which one, but whatever has the most booze in it.They also offer the NFL Sunday ticket, but I only counted 8 TV's, so I can't imagine this place on a Sunday.I'll be back, but probably not till Fat Tuesday.
4	I think the only Fat Tuesdays in Arizona one of the best original bars on mill ave. I love the friendly service and how the waiters/waitress kept checking up on us. Tuesdays is happy hour all day so if ya need that quick pick me up or feeling like you need a drink days, it's a must go and check it out. Large daiquiris are 5.50 so might as well right? Only on Tuesdays tho! I had the loaded fries and shared it with a friend pretty legit! And enough for a lot 2 maybe 3. Overall a place to check out if your looking for a fun time if you know what I mean!
4	The second half of date night was spent on the new huge patio at Fat Tuesday's. I didn't come here enough in college. It is a nice change to normal beer or vodka drinks everywhere else. I have been there several time over the past few years and they have made a lot of changes since the last time we were there. The patio is nice and huge now with TVs and an outside bar. The drinks are always good, and they came up with a bunch of new concoctions. I had the Fruit Cocktail one, super good. It was a mix of the Pina Colada, Strawberry, Melon and Octane, it was like a new flavor in every sip. The staff is friendly and not too chatty, but just enough.We will for sure be back.
5	excellent frozen drinks. super strong. Loud music and a young crowd. We usually stop in for 1 drink and move on.
4	Went here on a Saturday night. Even though I was kicked out because this crazy drunk chick decided to try and fight BOTH my boyfriend and I...it was really fun. The security was on point they didn't let this crazy chick go far with her antics before ushering us out. The dance floor was fun and the DJ was great especially compared to the others on Mill I  heard that night..
1	I will never ever, ever, ever, ever go here again. Last night I was there for Fat Tuesday celebrations. Was there for a good 4 hours, walked a few feet from the back entrance to take a phone call and when I tried coming back in they tried to charge me another cover charge. The security guy acknowledged that he seen me walk away and insisted that he could not let me in without another fee. When I asked who his boss was he refused to give that info. I had already spent a good $80 on myself there and didn't think it was right to charge me to reenter the event I had already been at and spending good money on. This experience was so bad that I will not spend another penny at this establishment. I now absolutely hate this place!!!
3	This place was alright. Came on a Friday night and there wasn't a cover charge. We went in and right away are the alcoholic slushies just like they have all over Vegas - not as many flavors here of course though. My friends got the 190 Octane and Blue Razz which tasted great. The dance floor wasn't crowded, most people just hung around and danced where they stood with friends. It's a really chill and laid back atmosphere. The DJ unfortunately wasn't particularly good, the songs selected were too slow. The bathrooms were nice and clean and there wasn't a line at all. There's a patio too in the back if you need a breather or smoke. Overall this place doesn't really stand out from the rest, but it was a pleasant experience.
5	Pierce was our server and boy was she sweet.  Greeted us with a smile was very attentive to our needs.  I can really tell she loves her job.   Oh and by the way great RACK too.   Thanks fat Tuesday's I love this place always a great time come here every year for spring-training
5	I have had 1 horrible experience due to one employee, however after writing a bad review and rating this place 1 star, the owner, Chad himself messaged me personally to try to understand what happened to try to fix the issue. So, I am now rating this place a 5 star because of all my previous experiences that I had and especially because of Chad. There are a lot of owners who would not go out of their way to personally understand what happened in order to fix it. Chad def made up for my one bad experience. It is because of owners like Chad that make a great and successful business.
3	Overpriced. Thankfully, no cover. Music is always a requirement for a good bar. The one, on Saturday, was playing well, until he started with the deep bass. Like, there were older people in the crowd, why on earth would you play ULTIMATE DANCE???!!The margarita on the rocks was way too sweet and sour AKA no alcohol. Otherwise, an interesting crowd but older.
3	Pros: normally pretty packed, tons of outdoor seating, okay sized dance floorCons: IMPOSSIBLE to get service/drinks, security are eh, the music is AWFUL and DJ's are not interested in what the crowd wants to hear, crowd is OLDER.I like coming here, I'm not sure why... ...
1	I've been to New Orleans and I've seen the kinds of people that purchase the special "go" cups from the alcoholic slushy vendors that line Bourbon Street. There assholes; all of them. There the same kinds of people we all know...the kind that never get invited back to parties that you throw. There that guy/girl that get their weeble on way too early in the night and end up spilling something that is red, blue or green in color all over your brand new, mostly white kicks. These people are 99% of the patrons of Fat Tuesdays' on Mill Avenue.I had exactly one legitimate use for Fat Tuesdays in my life; my 21st birthday. During which I sucked down one of their god awful grain liquor concoctions, got brain freeze, bought random people atomic cherries, made out with a fat girl and projectile vomited a strange orange-brownish ichor all over the men's room shitter. Then I went to a sleazy strip club, which was money much better spent.No respectable person, with the noted exception of celebrating their 21st birthday, should ever patronize this place. Based on a simple algebraic formula there technically shouldn't be enough 21st birthdays to keep this place in business. This vortex of suck has been around longer than any other bar on the Mill avenue strip (see: Casey Moore's is not on Mill) and is an anomaly that goes against the laws of time and space; Einstein is very upset. If you are a regular to this place and not some kind of being from an alternative universe or celebrating someone's 21stbirthday you are dead to me.On a final note; if you are a being from an alternative universe please get in contact with me. I've got a few questions I'd like to ask you.
5	In the beginning this bar use to be a little rough and I never went to a couple years ago now its my favorite bar on Mill Ave! First of all the frozen alcohol drinks are the best at 8 dollars and change and get your buzz going which is more bang for your buck, the dance floor is pretty nice and big, bar tenders are friendly, and most of all their not racist and let everybody in. I now see more college students going here and I love the atmosphere because the staff is so nice and polite! I love the DJ who spends a mix of techno, hip hop, and pop that gets everybody in here feeling to get turned up! I recommend this bar to anybody and especially ASU students because the only color they know is green and they don't judge. I bring friends here and they always come back! keep up the good work guys and I will always be here every chance I get....
1	Very poor service. Waitress to busy with friends to take care of us. Food was less then average. Two thumbs down
1	Worst customer service I have ever received in a long time. It took about 40 minutes for an appetizer and another 30 for a wrap with French fries. Don't waste your time. Absolutely no point. After they apologized for the wait, it only took more time to get our meals.
1	Horrible experience!  Not prepared for World Cup.  Was actually told by waitress to not order food, they couldn't serve ANY food item.  I said I will take any food item you can bring out.  She said game would be over, before I would got food.  She said they didn't have enough time to prep food.  (Ya, who would have known they'd be busy during a world sports event!)  Should have left but I didn't want to miss game.  I was so hungry!!!!  Watched groups of people get food while little old me was told I could not have food!  So many times waitress feel they should put their effort into groups of people so they get the big tips!!!! And leave the single person with poor service!  But this was the first time I ever sat somewhere for 2 hours and was told to not order good!  First time in and NEVER will go in again.  There is more details to this story, but that's it in a nutshell.  If I could give a zero star I would.
3	They do have happy Hour seven days of the week and that allowed me to grab a Sunday daiquiari for just $5.50. If you check-in on Yelp, it will save another half of that, but I had already paid before realizing that gem. Otherwise, just the typical college crowd and the smokers love the back patio. If you can get a day where the front patio is smoke free, it is a good spot to watch the folks cruise past on Mill. The only thing with that is a bad fly problem in the front..oh you will see. Bring your swatter.
2	The security was outrageous, coming to the states the American boarder asked for less ID. Passports are pretty legit. Do I look like the kind of person who wants to be detained in both the US and Canada? The drinks were good, worth the money? No. The bartender spent most of the night (and by night I mean the whole 45 minutes I could stand it there) throwing around cups and attempting to flair bottles. Many cups hit the ground. He cared more about trying to show off than actually helping people which is probably why I didn't tip, which is something I need a real reason to do.Verdict: I won't be back. Recommendation: If you're looking to over spend and be ignored all night this is the place for you! If you're looking for people to do their jobs and pay a little less it's mill street, walk around and follow the crowd.
4	Drinks are really good here. They have a good variety of slushy type drinks and great combinations. I also have the fried pickles and they were pretty good they were thick slices of pickles that I liked. We also got the buffalo wings and those were also very good. I will definitely go back and recommend to anybody wanting to chill with friends, pre party or Sunday Sunday.
4	I was here on a Saturday afternoon after we had just eaten at Hot n Juicy. Right as I checked in there was a deal being offered for 1/2 price drinks. So, that was pretty sweet. I got an order of the 190 high octane drink which you can never go wrong with. Couple of friends I was with got the bomb pop drink. The place was pretty much empty, but hey it was a Saturday afternoon so it was probably a different type of atmosphere at night. So, when we were there it was still laid back and had a very chill vibe to it. Almost like a little kick back. We also decided to try the atomic cherries. Man, those are always fun, lol. The bartender was very cool and kept us engaged and we never felt like we were being ignored even though there were only at max maybe 8 people there. He was professional and made sure we were taken care off. They had Happy Hour that started at 4pm that day with 1/2 off drinks. Can't beat a happy hour like that! They also had a pretty dope patio setting which will be an even better place to chill at when the weather here starts cooling down a bit.Other things I noticed was the other employees were also nice and professional. It has ample space because after we left I think they were hosting a NFL Draft Party and looks like they kept their place clean.
3	Our friends took us here so that we can have a few drinks. This place seemed pretty poppin. They have an outside area and a separate bar. The drinks were made pretty strong and they have servers that constantly upsell jello shots as if they were making commission for it. The place was somewhat clean but at least it didn't smell. The staff seemed nice. Overall it was nice.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. I walked in on a busy Friday night and within ten seconds I nearly slipped on their sticky floor. Fortunately I caught myself and didn't fall onto their nasty floor. As soon as that happen I got told by their bouncer I needed to leave because I appeared too drunk. I tried to explain to him what happened and the fact that I almost fell but he insisted I leave and not come back. I hadn't even drank anything yet. If this is how they want to do business then fine, I'll spend my money at other bars on Mill which I did.
4	Thank you for a great happy hour! Def recommend! The bartenders were fantastic and attentive to my drink preferences (salted rims!) Head over there your next time on Mill Ave!
5	I love Fat Tuesday! I try to go here as much as possible, every time I've gone I have never been disappointed.  The drinks are tasty, the bartenders are fun, and you gotta make it to karaoke one of these nights. Hillarious! :p The place is kept real clean. These negative reviews are total crap. Actually going tomorrow night with a  group of friends for my birthday! Every time I have friends visit from out of town we always start here. Cheers!
5	It's been a long time since I've been at such a packed bar with such amazing service. The crowd is insane and people are coming up to the bar non stop but the bar staff is absolutely amazing. Not only are they extremely attentive but they are genuinely friendly and make you want to come back again. So pleased with today's service. Thank you fit being on your A game even with a big match up like ASU and Notre Dame on every screen.  =)
5	I went to AZ to visit some friends, and on our first night out, they insisted we head to fat Tuesdays. Luckily when we got there, it was happy hour. The prices were very reasonable, the drinks were tasty, and the food was great too. Overall it was a great experience.
