4	i love chipotle. i love that when i go here my most difficult question is chicken or barbacoa? always happy with my meal. with that said...talk about age discrimination. they just started doing a kids meal. it comes with a small taco or quesadilla (a few other things to choose from), two sides plus chips and a drink. for some crazy $3 amount. i am very jealous of all the young people now. a lady in front of me tried to cheat this kid meal system and man did the people working there handle it poorly. they were clearly talking about her while she stood right there, awkwardly waiting and pretending like she didn't understand why she didn't get her sides and drink. um ya, because its a kids meal crazy lady, you're like 30, sorry you're short but you don't pass for an 11 year old. but ok chipotle, people. get over it. give her what she thought she was getting and let her know they cant give her a kids meal next time but they will let it slide this time. they held up the entire line while we all got to experience this awkwardness. i was embarrassed for her. i was nervous waiting in line. all i could think was 'do they need to make this so uncomfortable?' i say no more age discrimination, we should all be allowed to comfortably order the smaller portions. and lady in line before me- next time order by phone to go. that is the proper way to cheat the system.
5	I love you Chipotle. Please continue to use hormone-free, less scary  meats. Barbacoa beef is delicious.
4	The food may all be the same but with nearly all convenience meals it's the people that make or break how you feel about it. After all in two weeks are you going to recall what was in that burrito versus the way the staff treated you ?  Really really well. Despite the person in front of me inquiring about the relative healthfulness of the options available he helped her out as much as it's practical without the level of annoyance/ amusement that would have had me flicking pinto beans at their nose .   Still  moving on to me, crowd came up quickly, they changed gear  into dining speed but still managed to ask about the day, t-giving and the like both the counter staff were not faking in a manner I feel certain coffee shops appear to require, cough bucks.That's why I like this, and every other ,Chipotle   it's not the food but the people.  Burrito was pretty good and more importantly  viable to eat and drive with ( who says texting is the greatest danger out there:D ) which is a skill that most ____ Bell places can't remotely conceive of with a third of the contents.
4	Me & my daughter are fans! The chicken taco (crunchy) is just the best. With all the veggies mixed in, it even feels healthy. This particular location is always pretty crowded. They sure are popular.This is my second choice for Mexican, after Macayo's. Although they really aren't comparable... with one being a fast food place and the other, a sit down restaurant. Garduno's used to be one of my favorites for Mexican. But now they've been taken over by new management, the name has changed too. And the food is just not worth the drive. They still have the Mariachi's which is the only reason I'd go.
5	I love burritos & air conditioning! Always Awesome.
5	So I wanted something quick, fresh and economically savy for lunch today and decided on Chipotle even though it is a chain.  I have found a new lunch spot to add to my list!  I had the chicken bowl fajita style, the chicken was really juicy, the peppers and onions crunchy.  The sala fresco was fresh and the pinto and black beans were the perfect consistency.  For a little over $6 I have enough food to feed me for 2 meals.  The place was very clean and the staff was very friendly.  The only thing I would change is to offer brown rice as well as white, but I will definately be back.
2	I like Chipotle because they have great vegetarian options, but this one is an exception. I have been here twice and both times were a less than satisfactory experience. I feel that they skimp on the ingredients. I get far more food at other Chipotles than I do this one. For example, the one at Chandler mall always leaves me feeling well fed. The people are nice enough, but there is a sense that they what you to be in and out as quickly as possible that turns me off. I don't understand why this location got so many good reviews.
5	I LOVE Chipotle! It's super convenient and it's good! I recently watched on Oprah episode that featured the CEO. I loved how they use all natural indregients and they use local farmers to provide produce to their stores supporting the local economies of where they operate. How cool is that!
2	Average food for an average price.  Nothing great and even though they do have vegetarian options their food hits me hard after a few hours.  I need to remind myself of this fact before thinking, "Chipotle is right there, let's get some".  No.
4	Nom nom. I have yet to meet a Chipotle that I didn't like. This location is quick, clean, and the people are nice.Food is standard to all Chipotles.
5	Whenever I'm having a bad day, I go to Chipotle, get a steak burrito, and eat the whole thing.  And it makes me feel so much better.
5	I LOVE this place!  I could eat here every day!  I never have any problems getting in and ordering.  The staff are very nice and friendly.  My favorite dish is the chicken bowl and chips.  I love Chipotle's "Food with Integrity" motto.  Chipotle isn't just good for me but good towards the animals and the environment!
4	Is every Chipotle the same? Is every prom date the same? NO!This location is fantastic. The staff is fast, the food is fresh, and the restaurant is kept clean. I've never been disappointed. I'm not going to get into the nuances of what makes for a great meal at Chipotle, because they are quite prominent around town. The menu is simple, and you can pretty much order whatever you want, as long as they have the ingredients.My only piece of advice for you is, when you walk in, turn left to get in line. Don't be a jackass like me and turn right. You'll see what I mean when you get there...
5	1. The tomatillo red is the absolute best. I could eat it on anything.2. They have a great app for your phone. It stores your favorite order, your card # (if you want), and you just click, send the order, walk in, laugh at everyone waiting in line, and get your food.
4	I was so happy when this place opened up a couple years ago because it meant I had another option that is within walking distance of the office where I can eat lunch for less than $10.  There aren't many in this part of town, let me tell you.  I haven't been in a while since I have been watching my calorie intake.  I know, I know I can get the "bowl" (salad) option.  But I really don't have enough willpower to go in there and not get a burrito or crunchy tacos.  Plus, I have to walk right past Sprinkles cupcakes and that is just torture.
5	I'm updating because I'm now vegetarian. It's a rediscovery of my usual restaurants, when selection is reduced. The vegetarian burrito is still good. I think because everything is fresh, it doesn't have to rely on meat to make it have flavor. I love the hot salsa with the smoky flavor. I was still satisfied after eating a burrito with no meat.
4	I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it right now. I'm going to review Chipotle. Are you wondering why I'm reviewing a spot that is practically common knowledge to most people out there? Well, I figured that there's got to be just one person who looks on Yelp and who doesn't know about Chipotle. So for that one person, here is my review. Once you've seen one Chipotle, you've seen them all. Similar to most chains out there, each Chipotle mirrors the next. It's the same food, the same service and the same experience. In Chipotle's case, this is a good thing because I know what I'm getting when I step through those doors. Chipotle kept me fed in college and it continues to feed me when I'm on the go and need some food quickly. It's a couple steps above drive-through and the ingredients are always fresh. You can even go healthy (kind of ) if you scratch the tortillas, avoid the sour cream and chips and focus on the proteins and veggies. Now for the one person out there who has never had Chipotle, the system is "cafeteria-style" where you first choose the type of meal (burrito, bowl or tacos), then you go down the line and pick your meat and toppings. It's pretty basic. I'm kind of the Chipotle weirdo of the bunch because I'm not a fan of their burritos. They are the size of a mini van and just too much for me. I'm also not a fan of the beans and rice at Chipotle. Like I said, I'm a weirdo. I typically opt for either the soft tacos or the bowl and choose chicken, add peppers/onions, add the pico and medium salsa, corn, lettuce and I can't keep myself from adding guacamole. I suggest Chipotle when you're feeling lazy, you're hungry and you want some solid and decent. You won't get mind blowing, but you'll leave full and satisfied. *** You'll also be need of a mint or gum stat.
5	I love Chipotle but I'm giving them five stars not on their food but on their service! I went there a few days ago and the guy checking us out was so nice and helpful! He was very friendly and even though they were busy ( it was lunch time so everyone was there) i didn't feel like he was rushing me out the door just very friendly. :) I love seeing good service I think that is big thing a lot of businesses miss! so props to Chipotle ! :)
5	The Barbacoa is the BEST! Each salsa is fantastic- unique and flavorful! I personally find each location to be "stingy" with the meat... Peppers and onions is a nice bonus! Also enjoy the quality meat! Chipotle leaves me full and satisfied!
4	Chipotle is no secret place, but maybe I can still give my 2-cents worth and readers may still find it worthwhile. I go to this particular Chipotle during my lunchtime half-hour during those days I don't bring my lunch which for me is few and far between. Chipotle in general is great because it can be healthy fastfood eating. It's healthy depending on what combination you put together. One of the great things about Chipotle is they aim for ingredients grown within 100 miles; warning - that doesn't necessarily mean ALL of their ingredients are fresh. They also aim towards making their newer facilities "Green".My particular experience with this location has been great overall. First of all, it's really awesome that I can pay for pick-up on their website and select the time that I would like to pick up; second, it's really awesome that I can go straight to the counter to pick up. I always order the same thing: chicken bowl with veggies, no rice, no sour cream, black beans, mild or hot salsa, cheese, and avocado, which is about a buck or two extra. My tip here is when ordering online, you may want to specify you would like your bowl filled up because on two different occassions they fed me like I was ordering a side. I finally learded my lesson.
2	I'm taking a long break from this location. I've been here 3 times...the last 2 visits I've had issues. Once, I ordered 3 carnitas soft tacos, which came w/ moldy taco shells. My last visit I ordered a carnitas burrito. My first bite included a huge piece of plastic bag (like they cut open something into the tub and let the plastic fall in w/ it).I'll stick to my normal location for a bit.
5	The food is excellent ! Great price/quality, the food is always fresh!  The service is excellent !
5	I have written a total of 11 reviews.  2 of them are now for Chipotle.  You can't go wrong with this place.  Just go.  Please don't mention to me your obscure 'great local burrito shop' that is so much better than Chipotle.  Nobody cares.  Long live Chipotle!
5	Chipotle is amazing we always get the best service and food!! LONG LIVE CHIPOTLE
5	Great food and location. I come here all the time
4	Excellent Service, and even better food, i'm still amazed that they can fold these burritos, and for the money these are excellent.
4	Good food as usual! Great price too.The seating is a little cramped - the table are on top of each other.
4	Really like the service specifically.  Top quality and the food is always fresh.  Excellent location as well.
2	As with most chain restaurants, the main difference between different locations is the service. I love Chipotle, and it pains me to give them only 2 stars, but this location just isn't cutting it. I've been in for lunch quite a few times, and it's usually fine. My main complaint is with the phone, online, or fax orders. The first time, I placed my order from my iPhone, and naively assumed all was well. I showed up to pick up my order, and the girl explained that their system was broken, and it didn't send my order. She said "this is all it printed" and held up a sheet of paper with my name and phone number on it. Okay, now I completely understand that my order was supposed to be on the piece of paper, but why didn't you just call? I would have been more than happy to repeat my order over the phone 45 minutes ago, so that it was ready when I got there, rather than standing here 5 minutes past my order time repeating it.One time occurrence, I thought. So, round two. I placed my order online, waited 5 minutes, then called to ensure they received my order. They confirmed my order and the time, and assured me it would be ready. I arrive at my scheduled pick up time, say my name, and they go to check on my order. A moment later, they return, "it will just be a moment". I wait, and wait. I glance toward the back area, and it looks like they are making my order. I wait, and wait. And wait some more. Finally, they come out and hand me my bag, with a "Sorry for the SHORT wait" (they didn't emphasize SHORT, but I am). I glance at my clock, and I am now 17 minutes past my pick-up time. 17 minutes!!!! Meanwhile, the people who walked in the door behind me and went through the line are sitting down, halfway done with their meal. What was the point of ordering beforehand?Will I go back to this Chiptole? Probably. But I'll only do it when I have plenty of time, and I definitely won't be pre-ordering.
4	Chipotle is a sure thing, and this location is very good at getting a long line of people moved through the line quickly.  Not a ton of seating, but a lot of the customers are getting their orders to-go anyway.
3	Now I really like chipotles. However everytime I go to this location they have a organic chicken outage. I know that sounds lame but I really can tell the difference. Other than that no complaint.
5	This is a great Chipolte.  Perfect location---across the street from Fashion Square.  The staff is always helpful and friendly.  The food/toppings are always fresh and tasty!
4	Let's be honest. Who doesn't love Chipotle. No matter if it's a steak quesadilla, a salad bowl, or hard shell tacos- if you're in the mood for Chipotle, nothing else is satisfactory. This location is always super busy, and the staff is 50/50 on whether or not they are on the ball, but yesterday I went in and their credit card machine was down, and they were super helpful. They gave us all our meals for free! I mean, no complaints.
5	Great chipotle spot. Always clean and quick!!
3	Had an amateur roller today. The veggie burrito is made big and I messed up the rolling process by getting mas rice, light beans and the roller could not handle the switch. It was knife and fork city upon my return home. Guacamole is still great and really makes the burrito slightly above average. Chicken is poor quality and not white meat and beef looked bad this visit (once every 6 months). Did you know that this month is the chain's 20th birthday and the first one was in Denver, CO. Felt very safe as 8 cops were also eating dinner as I was getting to go order. Line moved fast, but if you want chicken, try cafe Rio, much better.
5	I've had Drs. appointments just north of this location for 2 weeks now.  When I'm done I always stop by for my two sides of Chicken.  I can't get over how FAST their line moves especially during the lunch rush.  I DO WANT TO COMMEND the cashier Laura.  She is so friendly and she's the perfect person to have standing at the counter as you're leaving this establishment.  Thank you Laura for being so thoughtful, kind & always giving others your SMILE.
3	I LOVE Chipotle. I'd give most Chipotles at least 4 stars (probably five).Food-wise this Chipotle is no different than any other location (solid & 5-star worthy).However, I've been to this location one time. In addition to my burrito bowl & mom's 3 soft tacos we ordered chips and salsa. Got home, opened the bag, no chips & salsa (granted, I probably should have paid attention to make sure they were placed in the bag...they were on the receipt). First impressions are everything, and this oversight left me cold to this Chipotle :(
5	I probably come to this Chipotle at least every other week! The staff is very friendly and I always leave happy!!
5	I could eat here every day!So what's not to love?  I've tried the competitor and it was just missing something...probably that unique Chipotle flavor.  I've been doing my taxes lately and so I've been reviewing all of my receipts for quick meals.  When I see that I've spent more money on a fast-food meal than I did on a very satisfying Chipotle meal, I want to kick myself for ever having strayed!  Consistent, delicious, filling, healthy (if done right) and CHEAP!  What's not to love...right?
5	Sean V and Ashton helped us today and they were great!  Sean totally understood our food allergies and was clearly well trained on how to handle them. He has a great attitude which made the experience so nice for us. Ashton was super friendly and sweet.  And, of course, the food was great as usual. You have done it again, Chiptole!!! Thank you!!
2	I have given Chipotle 3 chances now and I am done. The food has so much salt and that is all I can taste! I also have never had food over luke warm here. I really don't like it when my food isn't nice and hot. This place is just not for me sadly. The restaurants are always clean and the people are nice but I just can't get over the taste like someone dropped a salt shaker in my food!
5	The ambience is warm, friendly, and very inviting. The team has high energy, are very hospitable, and they are infectiously enthusiastic! The food is very fresh and prepared with the best ingredients from the best sources. My favorite is the bowl with white cilantro lime rice, pinto beans, grilled peppers & onions, grilled chicken, and medium corn salsa with a side of guacamole!
5	I love this particular Chipotle and the staff.  They never disappoint and are always positive!  I live and work far away and come to this location because it taste better and I absolutely love the people who work here!
4	Good food although I think there must be preservatives in some things. The flavor is good and I like the short menu.
5	Outstanding service, food quality, portions & speed. The employees are excellent!
3	The food is delicious and a great price, however this review is in regards to how I witnessed employees treating what appeared to be a new trainee. I felt uncomfortable as a patron because a redheaded seasoned employee was barking orders at the new trainee and proceeded to make fun of her with the a tall, slender, brunette cashier. It is upsetting that such unprofessional treatment of employees is tolerated, maybe she is a new employee and a little slow and doesn't get it, but there is no excuse for humiliating her in such a way.
2	This is the last of my visits to this location.  3 strikes and you are out.  Especially when its 0-3.  Since Chipotles inception, I have always had good experiences at all the locations I go to.  The only complaint I ever had was that it may have been too busy, but thats a good thing.  This location across from Scottsdale Fashion Mall is (To me) a horrible example.  95% of this is attributed to the staff there.2 out of 3 times Ive been there, they didnt have any Chicken at lunch time.  I can see once, but twice?  And then I was told 20minutes before it would be ready.  They didnt see that they were getting low and have it started.  Each time Im dealing with the staff on the line, they are inattentive at best.  No beans, they start to put beans on.  Ask for Fajita, they pass it by so I ask again.  Light Hot sauce, nahhhhh how bout a huge spoonful.  Light SC, nope..you want a giant glob of it.  Today I saw 8 people working.  somehow 1 of those 8 was making orders alone. (this is at 115 pm).  Finally as hes making mine some backup arrives.  Well at least I thought so...and then he leaves to take out trash with my poor burrito sitting in front of the cheese, incomplete.  He said someone finish that.  after 2min someone finally got some gloves on to finish it up and they instantly rolled it without asking me if it was done.  It wasnt.  So they unrolled it, made a gdamn disaster of it to finish it.  Guess what, it fell into 3 pieces when I took it out of the foil because of the gallon of hot sauce on it, and the re-roll.  Oh, how delicious, the fajitas were black/burnt too.  yum.
2	I love Chipotle. The reason for the 2 stars is because of the staff. They seemed unorganized, inefficient, and unprofessional. Most of the other locations are very efficient and organized, especial around a busy lunch time. Before starting down the line, I saw 2 containers we empty (veggies & cheese). When it was my turn I had to wait about 5 minutes for them to make veggies. Normally, when you see an item getting low, it is being prepared and then placed in a clean new container. They were preparing the veggies and then poured them in the old container that had been empty in the filling station. Then one check out it seemed the person asking what else you'd like had to told a few times what you wanted because he seemed kind of spacey and not there. Overall, my first uneasy and weird at a Chipotle.
1	I must preface this with the fact that I eat at chipotle quite frequently. However, after today I don't think I will be eating there any time soon. I went on lunch break to get my husband and I a quick bite to eat. I ordered a burrito with chicken for my husband and a burrito bowl with chicken for myself. It was the lunch rush hour and the chicken was empty, so I agreed to wait a few min for some more to come out. I patiently waited about 3-5 min and finally the chicken came out they finished our meals with the toppings and I was out the door. At home I opened my bowl and much to my DISMAY the chicken was RAW in the middle like not just kind of pink, TOTALLY PINK. I ran to my husband to have him check his burrito before eating and it was also RAW. I couldn't believe it so I called the branch immediately and asked to speak to a manager. The girl on the phone informed me that due to the rush hour I couldn't speak to one. I explained to her that my food had raw chicken in it and she offered for us to come back for a free replacement. I quickly said absolutely NOT! I watched them throw the chicken from the grill onto a used cutting board with a used knife that cuts all the cooked chicken, they MUST know that if there was just ONE breast of raw chicken that was cut with those instruments, that means that the whole process and kitchen area has been contaminated. In conclusion I will NOT be returning to that Chipotle.
5	My favorite place for lunch. Love their chicken salad. The seasoning on the chicken is perfect. The salad dressing is light and perfect. One of my fav spots to eat.
4	Chipotle never disappoints and this location has a nice quiet outdoor ally feel to chill at.
3	The food is okay, I think they downgraded the proteins. Not for certain but it seems like it. I enjoy getting the chicken burro, usually the employees are friendly.
1	Hello. I have been to this store 3 different time in the past 3 weeks. Including today. Everytime I order I give specific instructions and it is always wrong. The staff becomes rude and at times unwilling to fix the issue. It is rare a staff member will actually remedy the issue. Today I ordered online. I was unable to provide all my notes so I called in and have the remaining instructions. The staff did not give me the extra 2 tortillas I requested. I did not get extra rice or extra corn. Upon arrival at 815 my order was still not ready even though online states my order would be ready by 815. It took an additional 15 minutes. The last time I went here about 1 week prior. The staff did not include my extra tortilla( I called in my order to not have to wait) they also did not put my salsa on the side like requested. I choose to call ahead or order online because I am allergic to dairy. This requires cleaning the area and changing gloves. The staff becomes disgruntled and seeming unwilling to want to do this process. I am made to feel very uncomfortable because of my diet. To avoid being out in the most awkward and uncomfortable position I am forced to call in or place my order online. I love the way chipotle tastes. But the staff has made me uncomfortable in numerous locations and always messes up my Order. I am extremely unhappy.
