4	The new Mario Batali restaurant in the venetian, much more casual than B&B, yet still very cozy and gorgeous.  They are conscious about keeping it portion controlled, so i didn't get too full, which was good.  We had the carne grande appetizer, which was 5 different italian handmade meats (such as prosciutto and finocchiona) and different cheeses such as parmigiano and gorgonzola.  Very good, very light.  They brought apricots to add on and made it extra tasty.  Also had a margherita pizza and a pennette pasta with eggplant.  All quite good.  For dessert, try the salted caramel gelato...after the strange initial salt burst, it's a nice taste (if you can get past salt on gelato).on a side note - the menu is in italian and the staff is more than happy to explain everything to you.  Our waiter explained everything to us and was extremly helpful and courteous...check this place out when you need a light lunch!
4	This Mario Batali mostly antipasti restaurant in the Venetian was the other sparkling culinary star of my stay (the other being Aquaknox).Set amidst the blue "sky" in the Square part of the Venetian, Enoteca serves delicious small plates of salads, vegetables, fried yummies, meats (I did not partake in the meat portion of the menu) and seafood, with pastas and pizzas and entrees, as well. The pasta I had was OK -- really it was the stellar antipasti dishes that made me fall in love with this place. The sweet and sour beets were amazing. I loved it with the Lentils Toscana. And I had the most incredible cheese plate here -- they serve it with three different "sauces": brandied cherry, fennel honey and another one I can't remember, dammit!  Mmmm!!!!  Heavenly!!! I don't usually go for the cheese plate in restaurants because I think, "Hey I could easily eat this at home". But not at Enoteca - those liquid accompaniments were so delectable and interesting and nuanced that I actually came back another day and ordered it again!The only down side - incredibly annoying opera singers belting out their songs while mic'd) 50 feet away.
4	Buon giorno!!  Come stai?!  Not that I have gone to Italy yet, it certainly feels as if you've been transported to a version of it while dining at Enoteca San Marco.  The restaurant is all 'outdoor' in the St. Mark's Square section of the Venetian Canal Shops where you can people watch to your heart's content and catch a glimpse of the performers (the 'statue' dressed in white, the acrobats, the singers...).Prior to our lunch at Enoteca, we enjoyed a delightful dinner at B&B Ristorante (Mario's more elegant Venetian restaurant) the night before.  While the menu options at Enoteca were unique to those at B&B, there were some similarities between the two restaurants.  Mainly, the similarities that I observed were they both:- Have a wine list of over 300 wines- Serve the same iced tea- Serve the same crusty bread (however, at Enoteca, they also give you a red package of delicious pencil thin bread sticks)I am having a difficult time ceasing my comparison between the two restaurants, but it's important to remember that the experience at each of these unique restaurants is indeed unique and each are almost equally enjoyable.Enoteca's food was more simple and rustic.  No frills - Just really good simple food.  This does not by any means mean that I did not thoroughly enjoy my meal at Enoteca.  I almost ate here again for dinner the following night because I wanted to try other items from the menu!Our meal started with two iced teas and the basket of crusty bread and bread sticks.  We had ceci (garbanzo beans/chick peas) and shrimp antipasti.  Sweet shrimp, with perfectly cooked ceci in a slightly spicy lemon-y vinaigrette with herbs and red chili pepper flakes that tasted delicious with the rustic bread.  The flavors were subtle, but not bland at all.  We also had a pepper and sausage pizza and spaghetti carbonara.  I did not think that the roasted pepper and sausage pizza was anything particularly special, but it tasted good and was satisfying  - there was a very generous portion of peppers on the pizza and the sausage seemed to have been homemade (I am also not a huge fan of roasted peppers, which may have had something to do with my not finding it absolutely to die for).The spaghetti carbonara was very rich since it basically has an egg yolk sauce and mixed with finely chopped pancetta and prosciutto.  The spaghetti was very al dente and while the flavors were delicious, it was a bit on the overly salty side for my palette.  My favorite part of the meal was hands down the 'Pick Me Up' dessert we had.  Panna cotta, espresso ice cream and warm chocolate syrup sprinkled with ground espresso (see my restaurant pics of this delightful dessert).  We ate every last bite of it.Service was efficient, but our server was not overbearing or anything.  She got the job done, explained the menu to us and was relatively  hands-off, but not to the point where we felt we were being ignored or anything.I would love to go back and try some of the other antipasti and pasta dishes or maybe some piatti (entree dishes) - specifically, the pork chop with cannellini & peppers or the crispy duck & house raisins.The menu also has a range of cheeses that you can choose for your antipasti which seemed intriguing.  I think I would be happy with some pasta and piatti - I could definitely skip the pizza.
4	I love the cafe setting and sitting at the circular bar area and watching the cooks make the salads and things is lots of fun. The service was good... very knowledgeable staff.I would bring people here if they're looking for a casual, lounge-about dining experience where you might order a bunch of different apps and share. Get a good bottle of wine and relax.
4	A welcome respite from the hell on earth that is Las Vegas, Nevada, ladies and gentlemen, where it was 106 in the shade yesterday at 6pm. People live here?I was able to overcome my feeling of disorientation at being tricked into thinking I was outdoors (though certainly never a thought that we were in Venice kids!) due to a wonderful simple pasta dish with black pepper and cheese. Definitely equal to a meal in Italy.The waiter was great if a little patronizing-he knew the wine list well and had solid menu advice too. Good job Mario & co.
3	We had dinner here our first night in Vegas; we were coming in later and just wanted to have something light and quick before we headed out for the night.  We actually had to push our reservation back by an hour because we were delayed in AZ and they were more than happy to do that for us.  We also arrived before two of the members of our party and they were happy to seat us at our table.  We ordered drinks to start and our friends arrived.  At this point it seemed as if we had several servers, which I normally don't mind- in fact I rather enjoy it, but there was no flow with these servers.  Nobody really knew what anyone was doing until we finally were able to mention to the one server we preferred him.  They took away our bread plates before we even had a chance to have bread and we asked for them back and they told us we didn't need them because the salads were coming right out.  Um, oookkkk.  For the record, the salads took a while.  (But were very good.)The service picked got better as the night went on but I have to say I was really unimpressed.  It was definitely an inexpensive option (Dinner for 5 with two bottles of wine came to $262) but it was not fast (we were there for almost three hours) and not necessarily savory.  My margherita pizza was unremarkable and my dinner companions felt the same way about their meals.Again, another disappointing experience at one of the Venetian's "casual" restaurants.
4	OK, it is weird that it is daylight (full spectrum lights?) with a blue painted sky overhead as you sit "outside" in a shopping mall in faux-netia. But I really liked the food - so many vegetarian options on the menu - salads, pastas, pizzas, fried things, cheese plate. I liked my cauliflower pasta so much I need to figure out how to make it at home. And by Vegas standards, the prices seem OK ($13 for a pasta entree).
4	This is the less formal of Mario Batali's restaurants located in The Venetian (the more formal is B&B Ristorante). Both lunch and dinner are served.**The MenuFull meals are available, but the emphasis is on antipasti: cured meats, bits of seafood, vegetables, cheeses, and more. Wine is featured, not only by the glass by by the quartino (just over 8 ounces). There are a number of desserts, with most involving gelato in one way or another.**The AtmosphereLocated in the Venetian's shopping arcade, in the Piazza San Marco section, Enoteca consists of a food bar and a number of small tables, all in the pseudo open air of the arcade. There may tables inside, but I never checked.  Because of the arcade, there's a fair amount of background noise. It's usually not horribly loud - until performers in the plaza start belting out some old chestnut.**Meal #1OK, not exactly a meal. I stopped by just for its gelato, about which I had read good things. I chose three flavors:    * Salted caramel. Sounds terrible, doesn't it? Maybe so, but it was great - by far my favorite flavor. The salt crystals added both crunch and flavor. If you order this, don't let it sit around too long, as the salt will dissolve when the ice cream starts to melt. However, even when the salt has dissolved, it's still very, very good.    * Espresso. It wasn't too sweet, but the coffee flavor could have been a little stronger. Still, very good.    * Pistachio. Made with two kinds of pistachio nuts: American pistachios were used in the base, with Italian pistachios sprinkled on top. The gelato had a strong nut flavor, with just a hint of peanut butter (odd but good). The pistachios on top were especially good.Memory can be a tricky thing, but I can't recall ever having had better gelato. Better ice cream once or twice, but never better gelato.**Meal #2I selected four antipasti as my meal:    * Finocchiona. Dried sausage flavored with fennel and black peppercorns. Served as very thin slices about one and one half inches in diameter. The flavor was strong if eaten on its own, but was very good when eaten with the vegetables I ordered.    * Prosciutto. Fatty dried pork leg. I enjoyed this a lot, especially since it wasn't nearly as salty as I feared it might be.    * Cauliflower Sicilian. Marinated cauliflower with black olives. Fairly bland, but a good foil to the cured meats.    * Roasted Eggplant and Peppers. Blackened and marinated. I like eggplant prepared this way. I love peppers prepared this way.Accompanying all this were some breadsticks - good to eat while waiting for the food - and some crusty bread - just right with the antipasti.I even managed to find room for dessert: a Pick Me Up. It consisted of espresso gelato, mascarpone, chocolate sauce and crunchies. The gelato was again excellent.**SummaryI liked my meal at Enoteca. I loved their gelato. This is a required stop on future trips.**The BillMy meal was $40, plus drinks, tax and tip. When I stopped just for dessert, gelato was $9, plus $9 for a glass of dessert wine.
5	Mario Batali knows Italian food - and this is a fantastic place to enjoy a more casual dining experience where quality is not sacraficed.  As with any Enoteca, the emphasis on wine is apparent, but there are fantastic options at every price level from $30 a bottle to over $300 (plus, there are quartinos available if you don't want to buy a full bottle or want to pair wines with specific courses).Okay the food: WOW!  We tried the artichoke and pressed ricotta salad that was delightful (although next time we are going to get some of the house cured meats and cheeses), the clam pizza (and in typical Batali style, the clams came IN the shells, something we had never seen before!), and the pasta with roasted eggplant, tomato and ricotta cheese - everything was delicious and well prepared.This is a very nice casual spot (the servers wear baseball caps with the logo on them), but the service is wonderful and the food matches in every way.  Sit at the round bar for a great experience - we got to watch them prepare many dishes and decide what we want to return for!
5	We got a really good deal for this restaurant at Tix4Tonight booth at the Fashion Show mall.  For $3, we get 50% off all entrees.  It was a great deal but what made it fabulous was the food we ate.  We started off with gnoccho fritto (fried pizza dough), sprinkled with cheese and red chili flakes--SO DELICIOUS!  Then I got the caprese salad with buffalo mozzarella and pesto.  Everything tasted so fresh.  Next time I'm getting the stuffed zucchini flowers!  For our entrees, I got the pasta with lamb ragu, if you like lamb, you'll like this dish-- $16, but with discount $8.  My husband got the braised pork shoulder, which was really tender, albeit a bit crispy on the outside--$22, but only $11 with discount.  What a deal!
2	After watching seasons of the Iron Chef - America, I knew that I had to dine at a Batali restaurant.  With the charming appeal of dining in a vibrant Venetian common at sunset, the staff was friendly and accommodating.  I recommend requesting for an inside table, ask in advance, if you would like a quieter setting.  I also recommend the meat sampler.  The formaggi menu is by request, if you're interested.As for the rest of the food...  The beard was nicely packaged, but tough.  They have a limited wine selection per glass, but the bottles are reasonably priced to counter the difference.  The entrees are fair; you may consider them as large portions for one, medium portions for two, or great for sampling with groups.Nonetheless, I give this place an OK.  Perhaps, it is because this isn't a flagship restaurant or this venue is for the masses, but I wasn't moved.  The food didn't jump out at me or dance on my palette.  And, for the man with the orange clogs, I didn't expect any less.  So, I'll try B&B next and perhaps get a better sample of his work.
2	A coworker picked Enoteca San Marco for our leadership lunch while at our convention in Vegas.  It's a Mario Batali restaurant.  Can't go wrong with that, right?  Not quite.I don't know if it was an off day or typical, but I wasn't all that impressed.  First, we had to wait until our entire party arrived to be seated (really?  5 out of 6 isn't good enough? Especially when we wanted to order a bottle of wine straight off?).  Second, our server was spacey and unattentive.  Our lunch went on way longer than it really should have, simply because he would disappear for long periods of time.  Third, we were seated "outside" in St. Mark's Square and it was so loud with singing minstrels and whatnot that we literally couldn't have a conversation.  When we asked if we could be seated inside we were definitively told "no."  with no other explanation.  So the first part of our meal was spent looking at each other while listening to screeching minstrels.Once we were seated, we got like three lousy pieces of bread to share among 7 people.  No butter or olive oil or anything.  So, we ordered an appetizer.  Some kind of platter thing to share that had olives, beets, broccolini, and other items in it.  Not bad - I especially liked the olives.For lunch, the entrees were really tiny for the price.  Now I'm certainly not a fan of the "14 meals in one dish" kind of portions, but what we were served was ridiculous.  I had the cauliflower rigatoni and I swear, I had a total of 10 rigatonis on my plate.  And the pasta itself was WAY too salty.  The cauliflower mash was delicious, but totally overpowered by the salty pasta.  Others had bucatini, pizza and some kind of italian sausage penne.  I didn't really hear oohs and ahs.  A few of us ordered dessert.  Nowhere on the dessert list does it say that all of the desserts are actually ice cream sundae creations to taste like other desserts.  Now I like ice cream as much as anyone, but when I ordered Tiramisu, I was not expecting ice cream, with coffee fudge sauce and two sorry lady fingers sticking out of it.  I was expecting Tiramisu.  One of my dining companions ordered the baked banana expecting it to be (shocker) a baked banana.  In reality, it was banana ice cream with caramel sauce.  All in all, this place turned out to be just another meal for a large price tag.  Not the quality I was expecting from Mario Batali.
4	We celebrated my little sis's 21st birthday here and the food was delicious.  We had dinner al fresco, well not really it was on the "patio" with the fake outdoor scenery but it was really nice.  The food was delicious and everything was reasonably priced.  The restaurant has a very reminiscent casual, Italian dining feel.  There was a large group of us that night and I think everyone was thoroughly pleased with their meals.  We had a variety of dishes from pastas to pizzas, everything was tasty.  We chose out some various cheeses for appetizers and it was great, especially paired with great red wine and dried fruits and honey.   I will have to give this place only 4 stars though because they were a little slow on the service and when we first sat down no one came to greet us or take drink orders.  Instead we had to call the host to find us a server.  But I would go back here again for some good, authentic Italian food.  Mario Batali's new restaurant definitely lives up to his reputation.
4	Overall Impression:Thought this was a nice place to relax and people watch in the artificial twilight of the Venetian's "St. Mark's Square".  Had some good, simple food and experienced sharp, friendly service.  Also, just based on a quick scan of the offerings in this square / upscale food court, it seemed to have the best range of vegetarian options.Highlights / Lowlights:What was great - - Food.  The somewhat inventive take on caprese salad (see photo) was both visually interesting and tasty.  Then the simple pasta dish I had with black pepper and pecorino cheese was understated excellence.  - Service.  I experienced team table service, which when done poorly can be chaotic.    But everyone here was on their game - a nice balance of friendly and professional.- Wine.  They offer a nice sampling of regional Italian wines, including a nice example of one of my sentimental favorites - Morellino di Scansanso.What wasn't so great -- No complaints, really.  Maybe it was just the fact that I sorely needed some relative quiet and escape after a day at CES, but I enjoyed a nice simple solo dinner here. Would I eat here again? With everything there is to try in Vegas I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to get here, but if I'm at the Venetian again, yes, I'd definitely eat here.Did it seem like a good value?One app, one entree, some Pellegrino and a glass of wine for $56 before tip.  Not a bargain, but what is in Vegas?  Star scoring key:5 = Spectacular4 = Better than average, really enjoyed it3 = Average, don't regret it2 = Disappointing1 = Abysmal
2	Now I have been to Batali's NYC restaurants and I would never have believed this was the same chef. But he was there and there was a line to take pictures with Batali. I was ready to shower him with my admiration for his amazing talent with food. Our server gave us the specials and was going on about how spicy the puttanesca was and we were all so excited. Even though the service was lacking, slow and not informed. We all knew Batali would satisfy. Spicy puttanesca was on the way. We soon found out spicy was really unbearably salty unless that was code for don't order it it's the worst puttanesca you hope you will ever have in you life. I could live with bad service if the food is good but to eat at a restaurant were the chef is actually there is shameful. Our lunch was $100.00 for 3 people without wine or cocktails. If you food is similar to a can of Chef Boyardee it is absolutely insulting. There is no excuse. Did anyone ask us how the food was. NO not even the chef. My tongue feels burned from how ridiculously salty our meal was. What a sad sad day for me. Enoteca in NYC is one of my favorite and I can never justify going to any of his restaurants again. If Batali was not there I could excuse it but he was and that is a damn shame. I have lost complete respect.
2	We so wanted to love this place. We have visited Babbo in NY and have ever since craved, dreamed, lusted for Mario Batali's food. Well, this weekend we stayed at the newly opened Palazzo Hotel and ventured to find a place to eat when alas, we found this place. Ahh... we were so excited! We were speaking with the lukewarm hostess who told us the wait would be about 10 minutes (in her terms, this means 30 minutes) and that Mario himself was eating here today. She pointed him out and sure enough he was sitting with another guest, in all his spendar eating at his restaurant noted as lighter Italian cuisine. Well, we were hooked! We are foodtv followers and how great would it be to once again eat with another Iron Chef! So we get our table, and wait. First the water comes pretty quickly and so does bread wrapped in paper and the breadsticks they give us all over Italy. It's not bad, but with no oil or vinegar, it gets bland fast. Hummm... well, maybe they are going for the very casual, stand at the street corner eating type of thing here. Well, it takes another 15 minutes to get our menus from a very cold server. We could see that she was having a bad experience with several tables and we were concerned. After another 20 plus minutes, the bartender notices or is told to take out order. He is friendly and we thought we had been saved. He however, was just helping her out, she was going to come back. We ordered Processo and their signature Bellini drink and that took another 20 minutes to show up. After asking for oil and vinegar 3 times and then finally standing up and waving our arms at our server, she finally brought it out as if she had done us a grave favor. The food came and the flavors were truly excellent in every way - reminded us of Babbo, but the noodles were undercooked and thus the food was not Babbo.... I would certainly go back to that restaurant if they improve on their service. The service was just so horrible, probably the worst we have ever experienced at any restaurant in the US and out. I'm talking SO BAD! It's so sad because for a $80 lunch, it should have been so much better. We wanted to go over to Mario and tell him, but of course we didn't. Hopefully he'll read the Yelp review and all will be fixed.
4	Mario Batali's more casual Italian restaurant in the Venetian focuses on antipasto, pasta, and pizza.I really enjoyed the antipasto offerings where we ordered an item or two from all but the salad section.  The risotta balls from the Fritti (fried) section were delicious.  On the cured meats, I loved the proscuitto but the pancetta was too fatty for my taste.  The cheese plate we ordered - 3 for $15 I think - was very good and nicely accompanied by brandy-soaked cherries, spiced apricots, and honey w/ truffles.  We also enjoyed the surprisingly spicy Bitter Broccoli with Spicy Lemon Oil and Lentils w/ Salami from the Vegetables section.Given the mildish prices (for Vegas) and the quality of the antipasto, I was considering 5 stars....Until the pizza.  Huge disappointment considering Batali's reputation and the great things I've heard about the pizza at Mozza in LA.  The crust on our pie was thin but chewy in a frozen pizza way.  The flavors of the cheese. sauce, and toppings were just ok.I tried my friend's veal and ricotta meatballs (off the entree menu) and these were quite good.  I'd recommend those or one of the pastas and to skip the pizza altogether.As for wine, nice selection available by the bottle or in 250 ml pourings (about a glass and a half).  I had a $16 Montepulciano that was nice.  Recommend the wine over mixed drinks as our whole table complained the drinks were poorly mixed (too strong).4 1/2 stars for everything but the pizza.  2 stars for the pizza.
2	After getting an insider tip from Kit E(thank you!), we've decided to stop by Tix4Tonight booth for a coupond at the Fashion Show mall.  For $6, you can get 50% off all entrees per person. But remember to get there early, or make a next day reservation, as they can sell out quickly.I was so looking foward to trying out this restaurant after having a great meal at another Botalli's restaurant in L.A. As we got seated, our waitress didn't show up until 15min later, then practically threw the bag of cold chewy bread on the table, and when asked for recommendations, she simply replied "everything's good"....already a bit upset with the service, we still decided to go ahead and oreder. We started the meal with the Calamari Salad($12...the salad tasted bitter and flavorless with chewy bits of calamaries in it, not good). For entree we had the Prosciutto Arugula Pizza($18, I liked the thin crispy crust, but the taste was nothing to rave about) and Pan Roasted Market Fish($26, the sea bass had a crispy crust, and flaky, juicy meat, served on a bed of eggplant caponata with a drizzled of citrus reduction, it was delicious). We end the meal with the Blood Orange Gelato Ice Cream($11, come with 1 scoop of blood orange sorbet, grape fruit sorbet and a vanilla gelato, the blood orange and grape fruit sorbet had an intense citrus flavor, but was on the bitter side, the vanilla gelato did not have enough vanilla bean flavor)The total bill came out close to $50(after $22 discount). I'm glad we used the coupond, because the over all experience was not too memorable, and the service was just simply horrible.
4	I had just finished speaking at a conference, and wanted a place to sit down for a meal... and found my way to San Marco, which, after reading Heat (about Mario Batali), how could I do anything but sit down for a meal here. The service was fantastic, food was pretty darned good (the pork belly ragu was yummy... but the vegetable antipasti were just amazing).
5	When I graduated from College, my parents asked me where I wanted to have dinner that night...I picked Enoteca San Marco. The next thing you know, we were on a plane headed to Vegas!I'm no stranger to the excellent Vegas restaurants, but this was a very memorable meal. I have since been back three times (and I'm an '07 grad!)The pizza is very good and full of flavor. However, the freshly sliced prosciutto di parma is EXCELLENT! I have added some photos from my most recent visit, over Thanksgiving.The gelatos that they have for dessert are by far the best! I was never a big gelato fan until I had the Tiramisu Gelato!
4	I went here during my 21st birthday weekend with a group of friends..I wasn't too sure where we should go to have a nice dinner, so I went w/ the concierge's reccomendations and he booked us a reservation that very night for my group of 10 at Enoteca San Marco.  We had a nice spot "outside on the patio" it was really nice.I think everyone enjoyed their meal..the service at first was so-so, but I think they started to attended to us for the most part.  I definitely reccomend getting the cheese platter for a nice appetizer...it was paired with some honey and fresh blueberry sauce and it was sooo good! I had the margherita pizza..it was definitely Italian style with the fresh ingredients and the thin crust. It went really well w/ the wine we ordered too. I definitely wouldn't mind coming back here for some yummy Italian food. =)
3	Overall the food was pretty good but nothing spectacular. Enoteca loses a star because when I asked for no onions on my pizza, the waiter said it would be rude to even ask because Chef Marco wants them in there. I countered that I didn't care and still didn't want the onions... of course the pizza was covered in onions when it arrived 15 minutes later.
3	This only gets a 3 because the cheese's and meats are really quite good, but everything is really average and the service is nothing special.  Try the cheese selection, go for seven as you can order 3, 5 or 7 and you end up ordering 7 in the end and if you order 3 and then another 3 it's more expensive than ordering 7.  We ate here twice on our 5 day stay, the first time we went we had the 7 cheese's ( if they have the robiola, get a few of them, it's so good, kind of like a sweeter, softer, milder saint andre)  the arancini, and 2 pasta's.  Again the cheese were good, but it's not like they're making it so whatever.  You'll get 3 accompanyments with your cheese and bread; black truffle honey, apricot mustardo and brandy preserved cherries.  You only get 3-5 cherries and you'll need more so order them right away, beware they only sell them by the 10's and it's $5 for 10 small (very small cherries)  Losen up on the purse string Batalli!  We ended up loving the cherries so much that we bought a jar for $35, they're jars are not seeled they'll put them in a mason jar for you to take home.The arancini were terrible, although my husband didn't mind them.  The pasta was gross... I can't remember what is was and we also had the veal meatball with a polenta sauce, again not so good.  It was moist and tender but seriously lacked flavor.  We also had the "pick me up" which is sort of a deconstructed tiramisu with expresso gelato, it was good, not great.  The second time we went we went straight to meats and cheese, paid too much for cherries again (server was a little annoying), had the tiramisu thing again and that was that.   3 because the entree's were really bad.
1	This was a disappointment! My wife and I went there looking for a good Italian meal, but was very "let down" with this decision. My wife had pasta and it was greasy; had no flavor at all. My pizza was not too bad, but there was not much flavor there either.The wine & cheese list was pretty good, but we felt pushed hard to "up sell" the meal. After we decided to order two tap waters, the service went downhill from there. We seemed like more of an annoyance to the wait staff then a customer. Save your money - you have lots of options in Las Vegas.
2	Everything was too salty. But it does feel nice to be sitting in this indoor-that-feels-like-an-outdoor type of environment. And they did rush our order since we told them we had a plane to catch. Service was not bad.
3	Now I know what Venice's San Marco Square would look like without all the pigeons and what they bring with them!  Good pizza. Interesting surroundings. Nice staff. Lots to watch including perfomers on the square. Check it out at:http://www.venetian.com/ENOTECA.aspx
3	Exhausted from the CES trade show, J pick out Enoteca San Marco as the choice of dinner before we head home.  He said that this guy has a cooking show on the food network or something.  I nodded in agreement at whatever he said as I was too tired to have a opinion and I just needed to sit down.   We quickly ordered Reginette(house sausage, broccoli rabe w/pasta) and veal & ricotta meatballs.  The reginette is a bit over salt but the meatballs are way under!  The sauce in the reginette is kind of pasty and the chef is stingy on the broccoli.  Strangely enough this is the first time no anger arise over this.  My feet were too numb from walking and minimum feeling let alone taste can be generate.  Yet, the saltiness I still vividly remembered...  so there you have it!  A very salty 3 stars from a west coast patron!!
5	I am a HUGE huge fan of this place. I don't know if it was the sheer awe of how cool I thought the Venetian was...or perhaps how much of a good job they did tricking me with the artificial sky, but it was such a fun experience sitting at the bar, with the musicians playing across the plaza and me about to enjoy one of my favorite meals.I was here on a business trip and decided to put my company's credit card to good use. I grabbed myself a seat around the round bar and salivated over the menu. Rather than start with a salad, I thought the cheese course might be a bit more interesting. Went for the parm.-reggiano, the grana padano and the pecorino-romano, being more of a hard cheese fan. Then came a surprise - they give you 3 spreads, one made with olive oil/honey, another which was like a raspberry compote, the last i think was a marmalade. Never saw this before, but really had a great time eating it. The cheeses were all very good and the jellies/spreads (which are all homemade). I was also given some bread sticks which came wrapped in an Enoteca San Marco paper wrapper. How very Italian. Nothing very special about them though.Then the main event - the Buccatini all'amatriciana. Hell yeah! Many have tried and failed and these guys got it right. Buccatini is a hollow spaghetti that should have a slight crunch when al dente. They came through. Next item - the meat. This should be made with Guanciale, not Pancetta or bacon. Thank you Mario and your progenitor Armandino for your exquisite cured meats which you proudly display in the central column of thine enoteca. Pork jowl ahoy! Courtesy of Salumi of Seattle. A light tomato sauce with diced onions rounded it out. Fantastic. The serve wine here either by the bottle or half carafe. I went for a Barbera. Pretty good deal, and plenty for one. True to its billing, the wine list here is pretty remarkable.The meal ended on a light note with Biscotti dipped in Vin Santi, probably my favorite "not feeling like a huge cake, but still want something sweet" dessert. Service was excellent and attentive. A couple sitting next to me at the bar had a pizza - looked great, alas I left my other stomach in California. I'm psyched to go back here and try it though! If you take a look at the menu, you'll see that there aren't a whole lot of shocking, avant-garde dishes, the kind you'd expect at many of Vegas's haute cuisine establishments, but rather several fairly well-known Italian dishes done very well. Hard to ask for more.  I felt at ease, relaxed, indulged, and delighted eating here. I will gladly live with the illusory blue sky ceiling and what many will see as an attempt to cobble together an American version of Venice. In spite of that, whatever your opinion of Vegas, the food here is no illusion. It's terrific.
2	Their Pasta wasn't all that great. It needed more sauce. No flavor. But their platter of different hams was bomb with their bottle of merlot. The dessert was really good.. we had the banana gelato and the one with the lady fingers. I dont' know why Mario Batali is an Iron Chef when his pasta tasted like shiet.
4	Frittelle di Prosciuttio, delicious. Bucatini all'Amatriciana, delicious!
5	It all depends on everyone's preference but from my experience, Batali's food from his restaurants have been salty and fatty. I believe he is a true master at this. This is my 3rd time eating at this restaurant and I am not getting tired of it. What's nice about the setting is that you can sit inside where it's a bit more elegant (for dating) or eat outside with the nice ambience of the venetian which is a bit more casual (friends and family).Last time I went there about 2 weeks ago, my girlfriend and I asked to sit inside. We got seated immediately, however got moved because they made an error and had the inside seatings reserved. So we got moved to sit outside. However, the manager sincerely apologized and gave us free delicious fried proscuitto balls and sparkling dessert wine. I always order the crispy duck w/ house raisins, one of my favorite dishes of all time! The crispiness from the duck skin with the meat and the sweetness of the raisins is just so harmonious.Great place, fine service, excellent food. On my personal top 10 list.
4	This place made an otherwise near-miserable trip to Vegas (here's a tip: never stay off the strip, no matter what) tolerable. In fact, if I focus on this, I can almost forget the taste of smoke in my mouth, the toothless guy with the cracked hands that kept grabbing my arm, and the horrendousness of my off-the-strip suite in hell.  I loved the feel of sitting on the "patio" in the square. I loved the fried squash blossoms - the bit of ricotta was completely unexpected and delicious and I can't wait to have it again.The blood orange cosmo was divine, not at all syrupy like other cosmos, and it lacked the bitter after taste I sometimes get with cosmos made with orange vodka. And then there's the pizza. I'm giving up pizza for a month because the Pancetta with carmelized onions and goat cheese was as good as pizza gets. The tomato sauce was fantastic, a little tangy, which I adored. The goat cheese wasn't too earthy like goat cheese sometimes is, and well, how can you go wrong with pancetta and onions? The crispy thin crust was still chewy, too. Hooray! Seriously, when in the Venetian, head down here in the afternoon, ideally just before the mimes start a performance (ask for a seat that allows a view) and order yourself a glass or two of Prosecco or some blood orange cosmos. Order the pizza (any will do) and try yourself some fried squash blossoms...you'll thank me.Another tip: Don't go to any off-the-strip buffets, even if 16 of your friends are going there for dinner. You'll regret everything about that decision.
5	compliments to the chef! we tried this restaurant because it's owned Mario batali, one of my favorite chefs. Being Italian, i feel this restaurant actually does Italian food some justice! we had the homemade spaghetti with prosciutto. excellent! we also shared a Margareta pizza. delicioso! for dessert we shared gelato. You are able to choose 2 flavors. We had espresso and chocolate flavored. It was rich and delicious! Also the ambiance was fantastic. you feel like you are sitting outside. When we went, there was a quartet playing, beautiful. We were there in Vegas on our honeymoon so it really made our trip! The restaurant is a little pricey but worth it! The staff was great, friendly and knew their stuff!
5	DELIZIOSO!!! mario batali deserves mad props!! this place is one of our faves to visit in vegas!!! being italian its hard to find good italian and enoteca san marco is absolutely amazing!! the wine selection is phenomenal and the ambiance is simply wonderful!! my boyfriend and i ordered the margherita pizza as well as a four cheese pizza. everything is so fresh and delicious. the chocolate gelati was rich and oh so good!!! i will definitely be back to enoteca san marco everytime i visit that wonderful sin city!
5	Never trust a Skinny Chef!Mario Batali does it again!Went for lunch on Friday afternoon! Place was packed we got a table in 15 minutes Nice...Bread, Bread Sticks, Olive oil was amazing. Prosciutto Balls unbelievable! Arugula and prosciutto pizza every bite was bursting with flavor all the way to the yummy crust. Waiter was knowledgeable made great recommendations the entire service staff from the hostess to the busboy were great!A must hit restaurant while your in Vegas!
5	Great, great, great!!!  I never am one for 'celebrity chef' restaurants, but I must say the margherita pizza and the lambrusco were amazing.
5	fantastic!!! hands down our favorite dining experience on our vegas trip.  It was the most relaxed and casual restaurant we went to but the food was terrific. We loved everything we ordered...we cannot wait to go back!
3	great place for lunch.co-worker and i shared the gemelli pasta with homemade sausage and broccoli rabe and the proscuitto and arugula pizza.both were really tasty but i prefered the pasta just alittle bit more.
3	Great setting, great food, lousy service....not a great dining experience...Well, every time I romp off to Vegas for the weekend, I make it a habit to stop off for a drink in the Venitian square...I love it there.  So, I heard that one of my favorite food network chefs opened a restaurant there, and so off I went....Well, the setting was beautiful, and amusing...watching fellow tourists mosey about with gelato, live Venitan statues, and shotgun weddings.  We joined the hungry and waited for our table.  We sat by the bar and talked to a friendly bartender.  My friend and I drink different wines, so we were surprised to find such a small selection of wines by the glass.  I was in an Italian restaurant and couldn't so much as get a Pinot Grigio by the glass.  Well, the friendly bartender made some suggestions, and we were pleased with our glasses.  Further conversation found that they have an issure with attaching our bar tab with our dinner tab...seriously...we close out a tab enough in Vegas...really, twice for one dinner?We were taken to our table and forever passed before a server appeared.  Finally, a buser came by with water and two slices of bread wrapped in paper as well as a small packaqge of dried bread sticks arrived on our table.  We did not eat as there was no butter or dipping oil.  Our waiter stopped by, busily and quickly asking, "Have you decided yet?"  He was not concerned if we needed more to drink, needed any butter or needed any questions answered. We asked for oil and parmasean for the bread and ordered a few dishes.  When the waiter was asked to discuss the items in more detail, he did.Now the highlight....the food was delicious!  The grilled radiccio and mozzerella salad had a sweet flavor due to the balsamic maranade.  The coliflower puree was spicey and the pasta was cooked perfectly.  In sum, if you don't mind waiting for a while, do not expect a full dining experience, here is some good Italian food in a great setting for a reasonable price.  Mario, great idea.....but needs some work
1	I have thought long and hard about what to say about this place and I believe that I can offer something of a fair assessment of what happened when my wife and I stopped in for an early dinner on our anniversary.I am familiar with Batalli and his restaurants, and I knew going in that this was not supposed to be fine dining.  The dress code of business casual is not enforced at all and most Burger Kings are quieter but I expected a lively ambiance.  What I did not expect was rude and nasty service.We walked in after calling and asking if they were taking walk-ins.  It was a nice table, we were pleased it was well out of the way of the hustle and bustle of the canal.  Our server was prompt at getting our drinks going, then all hell broke loose.The loud and pushy manager suggested that I let him order our appetizers because I was taking my time and considering pairings with wine.  He made a suggestion that seemed reasonable, we ordered three cheeses and three meats and they were brought to the table promptly with the packaged breads and wine.  We were enjoying our appetizers when the server reappeared and said, "we need to clear this table by 5:30, weren't you told that?"  She then pressured us to get our entree orders in right away.  I reluctantly but very angrily ordered and then the manager had the gall to reappear and ask about wines with our entrees!  I told him that I was not in any mood since I had been told I had 20 more minutes at my table.  He said loudly, "SIR, I rearranged some of our reservations, it is fine!"  Note: He never apologized for the mistake, got loud with me when confronted with HIS mistake, then continued to try to up-sell the check by adding the wines!  This idiot is relentless.  I calmed down, ate my dinner, did order wine, and deserts and held the table for another hour and 20 minutes.  However, the experience was marred by the cattle herd mentality, rude treatment and openly pushy "manager" who clearly doesn't care about the dining experience.  All of this from an "Italian" restaurant.  If you want to rush people in and out, change the name to McDonald's. This place was a disappointing joke.  Chef Batalli, take your good name off of this trough.  Tourists, locals, don't reward them with your business.  Canaletto is right next door and we were treated very warmly there last time.
4	Caprese salad, veal and ricotta meatballs and the cavatappi primavera are outstanding. The gelato sundaes are deliciously sinful. Great place for a casual meal.
3	My colleagues and I grabbed lunch here during a recent biz trip. Sadly, since we were working, we did not indulge in the namesake.  Didn't even look at the wine list as I knew it would just be torturing myself. Three of us has pizza, one had pasta. We were all happy, with a couple cleaned plates.  I had the goat cheese and pancetta. It was good, with fresh cheese, and meaty chunks of pancetta.  Was missing a little something, though.  I guess I was expecting the world since Iron Chef Batali put his name behind the joint. The pasta was fresh and flavorful. Service was friendly and helpful.
5	Wow. I'm shocked at all the poor reviews!  The bf and I had such a great meal that he literally told me that I had to yelp about this place! For us it was ALL ABOUT THE CHEESE!!! I love cheese. And I love handmade cheese imported from Italy and dipping it in sauces that I had never tried. Omgosh...amazing!!!!!!! Honestly this is a place you have to splurge and get a really really good wine, order things you normally wouldn't and keep an open mind. Everything we ordered was so tasty, from the salad, to the ravioli, to the gelato (which was just as good as what I had on the streets of Venice). It has a casual yet still upscale atmosphere which I appreciate but seriously, its about the cheese.
3	Lunch ($20-30) (single visit)Food: 4Service: 3Decor: 2Other: 3We had lunch at Enoteca San Marco on Saturday.  The food was fine, above average, even.  However, the experience was nothing spectacular.The location in the Canal Shoppes area of the Venetian lent something of a shopping mall / food court feeling to the place.Moreover, we had a reservation, and despite being some of the only people there as early as we were, they did not have a table already prepared for us.Furthermore, the bread service left much to be desired.  The bread came out individually wrapped, and it was prone to leaving crumbs all over the place, particularly given the way the waiter was picking up the bread wrappings.Oveall, not bad, but like I said above, nothing spectacular.
5	UPDATE (4/18/08): Finally made it back here for a quick post/lunch/early evening snack of pizza and wine. Ordered the prosciutto and arugula pizza. Yes! Terrific! Prosciutto as flavorful and not overly salted. They put it on at the end so it wouldn't get all dry and crunchy. Tomato sauce was sweet. Cheese was nice and gooey. Drank a 250mL mini-carafe of Pinot Nero. Very good wine for pizza. I'm sold. We also bought one of their serving trays to adorn our apartment!  It was nice to take something away from this place.
5	7/1/08I am so glad I had an awesome experience here!  I went for an early dinner with my family and it was perfect.  I felt so comfortable just kicking back and enjoying the ambiance (even if it is fake and indoors inside The Canal area of The Venetian).We had apps the whole meal!  Check out the following items...   Fritti (fried): Arancine (fried risotto balls filled with cheese), Gnocco Fritto and Fiore di Zucca (zucchini blossoms).   Carne (cured meats): Prosciutto di Parma (to die for), Bresaola (my all time fave) and Coppa.   Insalate: Octopus, Celery and Potato (don't pass this one up!)   Pizza: Margherita 'D.O.C." was also realy good.   Dessert: Strawberry Rhubarb Prosecco, Panna Cotta, and Assortimento di BiscottiFor wine, we had "Pigreco" Roberto Cipresso 2005Oh, they bring your bread wrapped in paper, and also thin breadsticks.The meal itself, was a great one.  And the service was great too.  I hope more people have an experience like mine, seriously.
2	After eating last week at Mozza in LA, we couldn't wait to try out Mario's restaurants in Vegas.  It was dissapointing to say the least.  We ordered the Smoked Mozzarella and Radicchio (decent) and the Zucchini Blossom (very good) appetizers.  In all honesty, the zucchini blossoms were the best part of the meal.  For entrees, we had the Gemelli and sausage pasta and a goat cheese pizza.  Having had the "house made" sausage at Mozza, I'm wondering what happened.  The pasta was very salty and the sausage sub par.  The pizza was soggy and strangely burnt at the same time - I'm wondering how they accomplished that. The wine list is great and the portions are the right size, however, based on our experience, we canceled our reservations at Carnevino for that night.
2	If I'd eatten at this place before going to Mozza in LA, I'd have thought Mario Batalli was simply an overhyped celebrity chef.  At Mozza we'd ordered the stuffed squash blossoms and they were magical.  We wanted more.  Here the quality of the cheese and the overpowering orange zest led us to each take a single bite and discard the rest.  The potatoes that we ordered at the recommendation of the waiter were just potatoes.  They were kind of greasy and bland.  The pasta we ordered was absurdly salty and I couldn't really enjoy the flavor of the noodles.  If you want anything for dessert other than gellato go somewhere else, after 3 failed dishes, we decided to skip.
4	Cheese plate.  If you don't order the cheese plate here, you are doing something wrong.  No...I'm not typically one to order a cheese plate, unless all I am planning on for my meal is wine and cheese, but here I must have a cheese plate for the table.  Not only do they select great cheeses for the table dependent upon what your cheese tastes are, but when they arrive they are accompanied by black truffle honey, brandied cherries, and apricots in a thick syrup - which are all absolutely divine when accompanying the cheese.  It actually takes me about 45 minutes to eat a piece of cheese here because I am savoring all the flavors excessively and consuming tiny pieces to make the glory last as long as possible.  Moving on from the cheese, I must say I am a big fan of the Penne ala Norma.  In fact, after having this treat I went out and bought Batali's cookbook just so we could prepare the pasta at home.  Mine is never as good as his, but it will do since I don't get to Vegas as often as I would like.  I got so busy salivating over memories of the food that I forgot to mention that the location is stunning too.  On my first trip here I was recently back from a trip to Venice and was really amused and blown away by the attempt to recapture the winding streets and open squares of Venice inside the Venetian Canal shops.  While the results are not quite authentic, there is something wonderful about seemingly sitting out on in the "open-air" on the Piazza San Marco while dining at this Enoteca.  Great people watching, dusk-like lighting, and eye catching architecture accompany fantastic food at a decent, for Vegas, price.
3	Came here to meet a lawyer. We chatted about books and politics and caught up after not having seen each other for almost two years.Host and Hostess were horribly unaccommodating and their people skills were dreadful. The busboys were far more courteous and personable than the wet fish standing at the front.Nice, "open" seating that mimics outdoor dining. Our waiter was pleasant and prompt with the wine menu. We didn't order food so I can't say anything on that, but I will say that for casual dining in the Venetian, the wine selection is nice. It's not impressive but it definitely covers the standard bases.The menu looked fine though I'd rather Zeffirino's.Average rating. Would go again but I'm not a Vegas person so this was probably my first and last...but you never know.
2	Our company had a trade show event at the Sands Expo and Convention Center and afterwards the bosses wanted to take us "some place nice". There was six of us eating here and the Italian food here is horrible. Your best choices are to have their pizza (might be slightly soggy), salad, or marinated chicken paillard. The pastas were under cooked, tasteless, and lacked substance. Their desserts are spectacular though, so  you might just want to forget having a meal here and skip to the desserts.
5	First time eating at a Mario Batali restaurant. Its in the San Marco square,  so the ambiance and atmosphere is quite nice. Coming to food. Man! What Pizza!! Thin crust pizza, with great mozarella cheese and sauce. They highlight of the flavor was the sprinkling of sea salt on the pizza. Gives a nice flavorful touch.Great desserts and very interesting appetizers. We also tried one of the pasta's and that was quite wonderful too. Definitely worth it. Service is just OK.
5	San Marco is great for a lunch with a few people. The cheeses were just fabulous (I tried to get the same cheese in my city, and it barely tasted the same) - they are served with optional sauces including the delectable white truffle honey. We also got some prosciutto, figs, and asparagus - all of which are good. The marinated olives weren't my favorite, but maybe that's just my taste in olives. The wine selection is a bit expensive (cheapest was around $40 bottle) but again that may just be me.
3	I haven't eaten at Mozza in LA, but I figured Enoteca San Marco would be comparable if not very similar to Mozza.  The Venetian area is always nice..the ambiance was nice just to see people shop and walk around with the lovely blue painted skies.  We tried the squash blossoms and it was good.  I had the pasta with the eggplant and ricotta cheese and also the 4 cheese pizza.  Honestly, the food was good, but nothing out of this world.  I thought the price point was totally affordable.  For the fact that Mario Batali is a known chef, I expected a lot more.
4	For our last supper before my sister and family fly back home, we went to Enoteca San Marco (http://www.enotecasanmarco.com/) which is also in the Venetian. Sheesh. I work here 5 days a week and then have to come back out here for dinner?! Anyways... Enough ranting... Back to Enoteca, the restaurant is in the Grand Canal Shoppes and I was a little skeptical since its in the mall area. Wow. This place has some awesome food. The flavor just explodes in your mouth. Seriously. I thought the portion was a little smaller than the normal Vegas fare but the flavor definitely makes up for it. Dishes were about $20 a pop. The meal was about $50 per person.I ordered the Braised Pork Shoulder with averna apple reduction and cucumber. The portion is super small but the taste is super big. Really. It was the best tasting dish of the night.Brother-in-law had the Cavatappi with Lamb ragu, mint, and pecorino.My sister had the Fried Pork Belly with Rigatoni Pasta.My date had the Crispy Duck with house raisins and black Italian kale.
1	When you think Mario Batali..what comes to mind?  Fat italian dude with the reputation of cranking out some of the best looking and tasting dishes....right?  Wrong! This place is horrible.  I ate here on a Friday afternoon and there were hardly any customers.  It still took over an hour to get my pasta out.  The sauce was decent but the handmade pasta was a disappointment.  There's a reason why this place was empty while the neighboring restaurants had long lines.
3	Got the bucatini and it was overcooked. Batali is all about the al dente, so I don't know what went wrong here. The wine options were pretty ridiculously expensive, as the cheapest red wine on the menu was about $16 for a glass. Overall not impressed with this Batali establishment. B&B down the hall is much better, give that a try.
4	I like this place.  Nice environment in Venetian, good people watching place if you sit "outdoors".  Service wasn't very organized but very friendly.  Was served bread sticks imported from Italy (not very good) and fresh baked bread (a little burnt).  Ordered:~ Rigatoni with roasted cauliflower puree, chili & rosemary:  Very delicious.  The pasta was cooked perfectly.  It had a light creamy taste, slighly sweet from the cauliflower with a bit spicy from the chili (should have more chili though).~ Prosciutto Arugula pizza:  So good...super thin crust, fresh ingredients.All in all a very nice meal, a bit pricey...I'd go back.
5	My husband and I visit Vegas about once a month, and every time we visit, Batali's Enoteca San Marco is a destination for lunch or dinner. We have yet to be disappointed.The food is absolutely delicious. Always perfect portion size and it is very affordable. My husband and I can typically have a meal for around $100, including an appetizer, two entrees and a bottle of wine. Some of my favorite dishes on the menu include:- Vogole pizza: The clams are fresh and baked in the pizza with the shell on. - Prosciutto arugla pizza: Prosciutto is sliced in front you and very thin- Cauliflower rigatoni: Light sauce, hint of sweetness and very refreshing.- Sausage and broccoli reginette: Flavorful house made sausage with broccolini- Fried risotto balls- Cheeses and sliced cure meats: Prosciutto is a must!!- Acetaia salad: Vinegar dressing, shaved hard-boil egg and topped with prosciuttoThe pasta is always al dente.The best wine for the price at the restaurant is a red wine from Mario's vineyard. I think it's around $45 for the bottle. I would recommend sitting at the marble-top bar.Although service is a little slow, and the hostesses aren't the brightest, it is a great meal for a great value.
4	say it with me. al dente.  when i hear people complaining about how the pasta isn't soft enough, i always wonder if they know what al dente means.  so if you're looking for soggy, go to some american pasta place like buca or olive garden or something.anyways, the pasta was definitely al dente.  but i got the proscuitto pizza  because i love love proscuitto.  it was everything i imagined it would be.  tried my friends cavatappi and was pleasantly surprised at how delicious pasta with cauliflower could be.  staff was great, the seating was perfect, and the food came with relative quickness.
4	OK been here twice and both times I laugh because the pizza and pasta dishes we get are fucking amazing.  Pizza perfect, thin crust with simple fresh good ingredients nothing heavy or overpowering.  YUM!  The pasta dish we get has Pecorino cheese, black pepper and olive oil and let me say its sooo freakin good.   For dessert huckleberry sorbeto and cheesecake gelato!  mm mmm mmmmm!
5	Wow!  That's what I can say.  I have been to Italy 11 times and have eaten some amazing stuff that, sadly, you can't always find in the US.  I had my doubts when I sat down at the bar at Enoteca.  To my pleasant surprise; from the moment I sat down, I was greeted with a high level of customer service that didn't end until I stepped outside of the restaurant.  The grisini (Italian breadsticks) were authentic Italian (reminded me of Turino) and had the simple flavor to allow the other dishes to really shine.  The marinated figs were amazing.  I was so enticed by the server's description that I just had to have it.  My main entree of pasta with broccoli rabe and homemade sausage was so good that before I realized my platae was empty.  Great place!  It took me back to Italy for sure.  How about opening a restaurant in Southern California so I can go there more often?
4	The location is nice and the food is delicious! I got the market fish, which was very good. The meat was so tender. Other yummy dishes were duck and pork.
5	There was not one thing that I did not enjoy about this restaurant. When you go if you are not able to be seated right away, ask to sit at bar, which is out of the patio" so you are in the midst of it all. Customer Service here is outstanding. My server educated me on all the wines, (which the list is extensive), cheeses and meals. He even let me sample some wines that would pair well with the cheeses I selected as my appetizer as well as my dinner.  I was so impressed that they made sure my meal was excellent and if anything was not right they fixed it. Even though the restaurant was crazy busy the service made me feel like I was the only one in the restaurant. That is how much attention to detail they give. Like one of the previous reviewers, the pasta dishes are incredible. Again nothing bad about my meal. ALL FABULOUS... To top off my fabulous service I got to sample some mango sorbet and champagne.
4	This was my first of two Mario Batali's restaurants I went to. Went for lunch and sat at the bar. I went with the Bavette Cacio e Pepe with black pepper and pecorino. It was simple yet so good. Out of all the pasta dishes I had of Mr. Batali, this was by far my favorite. The pasta was slightly and I mean slightly undercooked but I still loved the dish. Simple yet nice and well balanced flavors! Service was good. I asked for a good pasta recommendation from my server and he was spot on. Great place for a people watching lunch and will definitely be back!
4	The thing I remember the most from this meal was the wine.  It was from a vineyard on the Italy-Slovenia border region.  The grape was ribolla gialla.  It was made the old fashioned way, in ceramic urns that were stored underground, and unfiltered.  It was orange in color, though it was classified as a white wine.  The entree was good, not great.  The nectarine salad was very solid, and the gelato dessert was fun.  One of the flavors was mocha porter.  Yes, it really worked.
5	Waitress Sabrina ROCKS!!  Superbly fantastic! We bought tickets to see Cirque du Soleil's "Mystere" from www.tix4tonight.com and they offered dinner discounts for a couple dozen restaurants in Vegas so we chose ENOTECA SAN MARCO at The Venetian. This place was awesome!  We opted to sit inside, and they gave us a table in a cozy, romantic room with wine bottles lining the walls.  Our waitress Sabrina was patient, supremely informative and endlessly gracious, and treated us without all the pretention and arrogance one might expect from the staff of a casually elegant place such as this.  We had such a nice time at dinner, as we scurried out to catch our show across the street at Treasure Island, we promised to return for dessert and coffee later in the evening.  Naturally, we kept our word...and the pleasure was ours.  The food was delicious, the wine heavenly and the ambieance....well,  ....PERFECT.  Bon Appetit!
5	two words: bucatini amatriciana. my favorite pasta dish in the world. i can care less for whatever else is on the menu, well maybe except the braised pork shoulder (which is braised for hours then fried last minute to make it crispy) or their vinegar maker's salad (great balance of sweet and tart). anyways, back to my bucatini. why is it my favorite pasta dish of all time? it has everything a good pasta dish should have: pork (guanciale to be exact, which is cured pork jowl), tomatoes, and good al dente pasta. perfectly seasoned, maybe a little pecorino on top. youre in heaven.
4	I wanted to like this place and I wasn't disappointed. We sat "outside" and they graciously placed the two of us at a 4 top--despite the fact they were booked and the greeter was dealing with many people bombarding her with questions.  Nothing stood out as amazing, but it was all solid.  I had the bucatini della amatriciana. Homemade pasta, nicely cured ham, and a light sauce.  Perfectly sized portion. My S.O. had the crispy duck which was indeed crispy and flavorful.The cheese selections with condiments (marinated cherries, apricots and black truffle honey) were delicious.  Good bread too!More Italian than Italian-American, and appropriate, since you are in San Marco Square.  ;-)
1	The atmosphere, granted I say is pretty nice to be sipping on  your glass of white wine under some realistic clouds as your overheard and looking at people pass you by, but that pretty much sums up anything great that I have to say about Mario Batali's restaraunt. I had an assortment of cheese, and should have just went with my own judgement rather then my server's because only 2 out of 3 was good. We also had some Prosciutto Balls and I just wasnt feeling on the whole texure and taste of it.For entrees, I had the Crispy Duck w/ house raisins and black italian kale, honeslty I would much rather go to a Asian supermarket and buy a 15.99 peking bbq duck. My bf had the bucatini and the portion was so small it was like on a appetizor plate and was sooo SALTY that he couldnt even finish it! Me and my bf was pretty much dissapointed, because how can you go wrong on Italian food? Oh well, maybe we just ordered the wrong thing, but I will not be coming back because our whole lunch costed close to 100 bucks! =(
3	ate here about a year ago...the night after we had dinner at B&B...the service was really bad...this seems to be a trend in mario batali restaurants (pizzeria mozza, B&B, and san marcos).  my friend and i ordered several dishes that we shared...i thought was just okay...some were good...i ordered the pork chops for my main entree...so chewy i could not eat it...i probably took 2 bites and left the rest untouched.  the only reason i'm giving 3 stars is because of the desserts...it was the best part of the meal.  make sure to confirm your reservation...they lost my reservation...even after they called me to confirm???
1	This pains me to write because I have ALWAYS wanted to eat at a Mario Batali restaurant. He should be ashamed to have his name attached to this place, which is a glorified Olive Garden set in the middle of a mall. Calling it an Olive Garden might be giving it too much praise. The staff was downright RUDE and we never even got to order the food because we kept learning that each dish seemed to be one ingredient short of being possible to prepare that day. I have serious doubts about going to any other Batali restaurant based on this experience.
2	I absolutely cannot stand Mario Batali. He bugs about the same as Bobby Flay, but not as much as Rocco DiSpirito. The BF and I were in Las Vegas for the BF's brother's birthday and we needed a place for lunch. We decided on Enoteca San Marco before I realized it was a Mario Batali place. As we walked in, I saw an autographed pair of Batali's trademark day-glo orange Crocs ON THE FOOD COUNTER. The Crocs were obviously too small to support Batali's rotund frame, but it was gross to see shoes on the food counter. Given the amount of Asian business that Vegas gets these days, Batali should be aware that putting shoes on the food prep counter is a tremendous offense in Japan. Bobby Flay found that out on Iron Chef. Anyway, the food is okay. It's a small plates concept and you'll spend $30 - $60 per person for lunch before you get enough to eat. This is nothing like eating in Italy, but it's passable. The gelato was good and they had interesting flavors like blood orange and grapefruit. The faux Venetian atmosphere adds a bit, but it is quickly offset by the "free" singing that occurs hourly. You get to endure costumed shrieking for up to 20 minutes each hour. It really detracts from the dining experience and heightens the fakery of the setting. There are better places to go, but if you're trapped in the shopping mall attached to the Venetian, this place is an okay choice.
4	Our favorite way to enjoy this restaurant, is to order the cheese plate, a sampling of carne (cured meats) order a nice bottle of wine and sip, taste and watch the people on the faux Piazza San Marco.  We have done this twice and its our favorite way to spend a lazy time in Las Vegas.  Service was impeccable, and their tastes were perfect as I let them pick the cheese and carne after I selected the wine.  What is best about the cheese platter is the condiments served with the cheese.  Amaretto cherries, wine soaked apricots with chili and black truffle honey allow the cheeses to explode with flavor.Our third time at the restaurant, we actually had dinner.  My wife and I both chose a Ragu style pasta, mine with pork and hers with lamb.  Both were tasty, but not as tasty as our normal appetizer.  The dessert of apple sorbetto with oatmeal gelato and an oatmeal brittle was very tasty and unique dessert.  They had several combinations, but this one was recommended by our waiter and her suggestion did not disappoint.On our next trip to Las Vegas, you will find us back on the faux piazza sipping wine and enjoying our cheese.  Wave to us as you walk by.
4	I went to Enoteca San Marco for lunch and had a beautiful meal!  We ordered a margarita pizza and a couple of pasta dishes to share.  First our waiter brought the pizza: a thin, crisp, truly Italian pizza crust with sweet tomato sauce and fresh basil.  Awesome!  Next, a rotund man in white came wobbling out of the back room, sweating profusely, pridefully holding up our fresh pasta dishes.  He placed them before us with a nod and a half smile and hustled back to his kitchen.  YES!  I'm a sucker for that kind of thing.  The pasta with lamb and mint was a favorite of the table and I have since directed some major focus in attempting to recreate it.  (I did alright).  We also ordered the penne with eggplant and tomato sauce, which was less impressive since the flavors were extremely subtle and there was very little eggplant on the plate.  We had a wonderful wine with lunch, picked from a very intriguing list.  And since this place is a Batali and Bastianich operation the staff is truly top notch and knowledgeable.  A great lunch.
3	1st time:"My friend's Crispy Duck was great; flavorful, fell right off the bone, came with grilled grapes which was excellent. My vongole was good; simple, tasty, but the portion was a little on the small side and not very pretty presentation. The honey ice-cream and tea granita dessert was excellent as well. Would go again for lunch but prob not dinner"2nd time:My duck was burnt and not very good. really disappointing
4	Words of advice: talk to the manager and ask for recommendations. I see people just walk in a restaurant and read the menu and majority of the time they would order the wrong dish and would write some nasty reviews on here. Please don't make that mistake. You can also talk to your waiter for some recommendations.  I was glad that the manager came to our table and helped us decide on what to order. These are  what he had us ordered:Check out the photos I've posted on these:Gnocco pizza doughprosciutto di parma- wrap this around the gnoccopancetta and goat cheese pizzacassareccia con Zucca- who would've thought hazelnut and squash would be that good on a pasta?pistachio gelato w/ dark chocolate- blissMore to that , the waiter was kind enough to let us sample their wines, since we didn't know which red wine to get and they will give you more than enough of glass of wine.  Now, I'm eager to go back to Vegas and try Batali's other restaurant.
4	First off, I hope nobody actually expects Mario Batali to be here cooking... ever!  He is far too busy with having a restaurant empire and being pretty much a badass to come deal with his Las Vegas outposts.  That being said, the food here was very good.  I think too many people who come here just walk in from walking around 'fake Venice' and don't know what to get really.  Having read a number of Italian cookbooks (Batali's and others) I had a good idea of what to expect from each dish and what would best suit my desires for that evening.  I started out by ordering wine (by the quartino; about 2-3 glasses of wine), and the Barbera I ordered was quite excellent and perfect for the meal that I ordered.  Let me also just say that the waiter was very helpful, as I asked him about ordering from the 'Fritti' section of the menu and he suggested the Arancine (fried rissoto balls).  We ordered those and the fried anchovy/mozzarella sandwiches and both were outstanding.  The risotto balls were fried lightly and were not in the least bit greasy.  They were rich on the inside as the risotto was cooked perfectly al dente.  There was also a delicious cheesiness to the arancine.  Moving on, I got the braised pork shoulder.  It should be well-known that Batali loves working with tougher, cheaper cuts of meat that take a lot of love and patience to make tender and delicious.  The pork shoulder is no exception.  Out came this huge hunk of pork shoulder, served very hot with sliced cucumbers and thin slices of red chile on top.  The pork was perfectly seasoned and the sauce was the perfect interplay of salty, sweet, spicy, and sour.  Truly, for the price, a special dish.  I also tried my father's pesce livornese, which was made with fresh tuna and served in a livornese tomato sauce with huge caper berries.  Outstanding stuff!  I know Batali wasn't back in the kitchen cooking, but I appreciate the talent and intuition it takes to conceive of these dishes.  I, for one, remain a fan!
2	I didn't like this place... The food is not good at all.... I ordered Pasta with Mussels and when my order came my pasta was hardly cooked ...I mean not at all... I ve never seen something like that before at any place....The service was just ok, not that good.... But I am honest and I have to say that the fried patatoes were very good, very special...  We will never go back there... The only good think is that they are located in the Venetian...
4	Quite good. Not too shabby. A nice break from all the buffeting.Atmosphere. Great. It was like I was eating in a little town in Italy. Most good.Waiters. Friendly. Conversational. Excellent.Frittelle di Proscuitto - Excellent cured meatballs. Lightly crusted with some shreds of cheese. Most excellent.Crispy duck. Crispy skin. Dry, in a good way, meat. A little on the salty side but excellent texture.Pancetta and Goat Cheese Pizza - Good crust. Good cheese. Good pizza.Five Cheese Sampler - Always more of the brie. The mortadella and asiago was good too. Forgot what the other two were but not good enough to keep in memory.Mario Batali. Good job again. A la cuisine!
3	Great atmosphere! Nice and lovely setting! Pretty upscale. Good service.Breadsticks & bread while we were waiting were good and as expected.Appetizer: We tried the fried calzone and prosciutto balls.  The calzone wasn't as expected.  It didn't have any marinara sauce inside, but just a bunch of ricotta cheese.  It wasn't fried very well either.  Too oily.  The proscuitto balls were fried well, but wayy too salty.Entrees:*Bucatini pasta with tomato/cured pork/onion - sauce is tasty.  pasta is cooked very al dente, and is extremely good.  small portion, but good!*Braised pork shoulder with apple reduction and cucumber - large entree with tons of pork shoulder.  inconsistency in the tenderness of the pork though.  some pieces were very tender and tasted great, others were pretty dry and harder to eat.  the outside glaze on the pork was good.  plan on sharing this dish, unless you love tons of pork!Overall, it was a good dining experience.  there's def better places in vegas though and this place is probably not one that stands out, except for its awesome location in the middle of the venetian...! :D
2	I was so excited to try this place and really wanted to like it.  I was so disappointed.  Small portions, high prices, so-so flavor, poor service.  I loved the location, though.
2	I have such mixed feelings on this place. We sat in the back of the restaurant which was great, and way better than out in the noisy ass piazza. The service was great, thanks Candice.. but the food, gawd the food was just only so-so? There wasn't one thing that I would come back for.. we had salume, fried dough, squash blossoms, risotto balls, margarita pizza, spaghetti carbanara, veal metballs, pork shoulder and some tube type spaghetti. The thing for me is that I want to eat something better then I can make at home, which isn't the case here. In fact I have all of Mario Batali's cookbooks and have made some of his dishes which were much better then what was going on here. The pasta was a over cooked.. the pork shoulder had to much fat on it.. etc.. its stuff like that that makes for a mediocre meal. Oh.. if you go for gelato they are all good! We tried the carrot, salted caramel and coconut.. also tried the strawberry rhubarb and the chocolate malt sundae.. Guns and Roses was blaring through the sound system.. never in a million years did I think I would dine to Welcome to the Jungle!
4	Located in San Marco Square in the Venetian - could be a little hokey, depending on you attitude. I loved the Venetian in a Disney-Land way, so the outdoor cafe feeling with crowds passing and music in the square appeal led to us. The menu had to be explained by our waitress - it is a little confusing. But it seems that we got it right - we ordered the two best entrees, according to the host!! We started with Arugula and Shaved Parmigiano Salad - the cheese was melted over the greens and was really special. We also order 3 vegetables as an appetiser - Brussel Sprouts & Pecorino, Cauli-flower "Siciliana" and Squash Agro Dolce. The brussel sprouts were chopped, raw sprouts mixed with cheese and were spectacular!! Our two best-of-the-house entrees were the Braised Pork Shoulder, very tender and juicy, and the Marinated Chicken Paillard, also tasty and moist. The only hitch in the evening was when our entrees came out before we had finished our appetisers - our waitress promptly sent them back, and had them re-cooked at the proper time. Really great and attentive service. Only coffee for desert - cappuccino and latte - both excellent. Very memorable meal, for the food and the setting.
2	Three out of four of us felt a little sick after eating here, tummy aches and all, which sucked cuz that cut into our vegas nightlife =( I got the rigatoni pasta, and the two other friends that got sick had the linguine alla norma? My food tasted fine, it wasn't spectacular, but it was good. Theirs' was a strange combination taste, but wasn't all that bad either. But the tummy aches killed any good will we felt towards the place later that night, which already wasn't much, because service sucked. There were two waiters in charge of the area I think, one which was a cheery old man who was very friendly and nice to us, the other which was snotty and ill-tempered. You could tell that he didn't want to be there at all. He was frowning the entire time, and mocked some of our questions about the beverages...The other waiter tried to make the situation better I think, but it wasn't easy...I don't think I'd go back there next time I'm in vegas.
2	Disappointed that Mario Batali would even have his name on the place.The bread was (I assume) made in house was burnt....not just a little char. So the only decent bread was packaged breadsticks which were ok. Ordered the Grilled Raddiccio and Smoked Mozzarella "Salad" which was basically Grilled Raddiccio smothered in Mozzarella and stuck in the oven until the cheese melted, just a failure as none of the flavors combined well and it was difficult to get a bite on the fork.Wine was available by the glass (even in 2, 4, 6, 8 oz servings) but WAY over priced $10 for 4 oz of an average quality Chianti.I had the Pizza which was okay.Sadly disappointed in the whole experience
3	Nice setting within the Venetian, but just an "okay" meal. Definitely better dining options in the immediate area; try B&B, for instance.Started off with a couple of beers and calamari, was standard. Had some more beers, a pizza, then a pasta dish. Really standard fare, nothing impressive. Food came out on time, service was okay but nothing special.Just an "ok" late night meal, no great shakes. Definitely recommend B&B over this place, but Enoteca is open later. I might even prefer Grand Lux cafe to Enoteca, but the food is different. So, this place is decent enough.
4	I liked it.  A LOT.We were seated in their patio area.  The salad was amazing.  The server was super helpful.The pasta was great!  We had the ravioli.Minus 1 for the pizza.  Not so good.Service is excellent.
4	I'm a huge fan of Mario Batali, so I wanted to try one of his many Vegas restaurants. This was one night after trying the neighboring Canaletto restaurant. We had a great seat in the piazza, with a wonderful view of the square, people watching, and music. Unfortunately, it got off to a bad start with some not so great service. The waiter took quite some time to come and see us, and he didn't seem too happy to be there. Service can make or break a restaurant for me. Luckily, the food made up for it, so I would definitely go back!We started with an appetizer of prosciutto served on a wooden cutting board. I like the presentation and the prosciutto was delicious! We ordered a $38 bottle of Orvieto, which arrived room temperature. The waiter pointed that out and said he would put it in the fridge for us while we drank our first glass, but I was surprised they served us one glass of it at all. It cooled quite quickly and we were able to enjoy the rest, but that was a bit of a turn off for me. I ordered the cacio e pepe pasta, something simple and light. I was pleasantly surprised that it was not overdone on ingredients, which this dish sometimes is. There was the perfect amount of oil, not too much, not too little. It had a great flavor and the perfect amount of pepper. The pasta was cooked al dente, which I prefer. So, while the service left something to be desired, the food will bring me back...at least to give it one more chance.
2	My sister and I ended our 5 day Las Vegas vacation here for lunch. We were seated "outside" and had a view of the neighboring Italian restaurant. The waitress threw us some prewrapped bread and when we opened it, it was burnt. Not just a little overdone, BURNT. I couldn't help but look at the people sitting at the other restaurant eating their soft bread and watch their waiter pour olive oil and balsamic on a plate. Not here, folks...plain and burnt. Salad was OK. The Parmesan was great on it, but otherwise, so-so. My sister got a pizza, and I got pasta....again, so-so. The worst part was the service. Our server was more concerned with the table of men behind us that she completely forgot about us. After she finally gave us the check, we waited about 25 minutes before she ever came back, and trust me, the restaurant was not crowded yet. This was early lunchtime. I was very disappointed and personally, wouldn't go back there. It was a little pricey for lunch, too. Not that I mind spending money on a good meal, but this was not so much.
2	Long overdue review. We went here 1.5 months ago. With a $25 restaurant.com certificate. I wanted to like this place. I really did. The wine was fantastic, the service was fabulous. Wish I could say the same about the food. They don't seat people early. So we were seated a few minutes after 8. No problem, we were hanging out at the bar anyways. We were greeted with a smile and individually packed crunchy bread sticks. Awesome. We ordered a cheese plate with five varieties. It came with three dipping sauces. I prefer the cheese without the sauce. Maybe that's just me. We've heard great things about the prosciutto balls. An order comes with six. It's salty. Very salty. Didn't go down well at all. Then we had the crispy duck. More like burnt, overcooked duck with no flavor except charred meat. And there was barely any meat. The goat cheese pizza did little to salvage the meal. But it was the better of the three dishes. Overall, I was thoroughly disappointed. How did Mario Batali become an Iron Chef if these are the products that his restaurant comes out with?
4	While attending a conference our large group (2 tables of 8) dined at the Enoteca San Marco in the Venetian and had a wonderful evening. Our waiter helped us build an antipasti plate and cheeses that were fabulous. I had the crispy duck for the entree and was thoroughly satisfied, very nicely prepared. Our table ordered bottles of 2005 Nero d'Avola Planeta Santa Cecilia and everyone was very pleased. Add in the ambiance of the Venetian St. Mark's Square live entertainment and we had a great evening. I would definitely go back.
4	When I am in Vegas I always visit this place. I absolutely love their cheese platters. The cheese platters come with three sauces, chili flakes with tangerine almost like a jelly, black cherries in a brandy infused sauce and black truffle infused honey. I know....the combinations sound strange but they are sooooo good and work very well with the cheese. After coming here a year ago, I usually eat brie with honey but its just not the same. This restaurant is located in the plaza area of the shopping row in the Venetian so it is in an open atmosphere. It reminded me of the little eateries in Rome. I haven't had anything else at this restaurant except the cheese platter so my review is very limiting. If you love cheese....this is the place to check out!
4	I came here with a group of friends for a good Italian-style dinner which wouldn't be overly expensive. The restaurant is pretty cool and you can sit in the "outside" area of San Marco Square in The Canal Shops in the Venetian. It's not really outside but it kinda feels like it (a little.)After being seated, the waiter came over to tell us about specials, take our drink orders, etc... all the usual banter. But, he was overly pushy on everything. He definitely tried over and over to make us order the tasting menu which was very insulting and annoying. Overall, his attitude was a big put-off and, therefore, I thought the service here was abysmal.The food, however, was a totally different story! It was delicious! I had the Veal & Ricotta Meatballs which were some of the best meatballs I have ever had! Excellent texture and taste and they were a good size too. All my friends loved their food as well. The desserts were nothing that special but were satisfying.
2	When they said casual, they weren't kidding.  If I was interested in an Olive Garden like experience with slightly better food, then I wouldn't have been disappointed.  Unfortunately the only way to get me into Olive Garden is to drop me in some town where the ONLY other option is Applebee's.  This being Vegas, I had higher expectations.The food was fair, but standard, uncreative Italian.  The bread and bread sticks came wrapped up in paper (classy, eh?).  We had to ask to get some olive oil, otherwise it was served with nothing.  We were seated in the Venetian's fake Italian "plaza" which although novel for a few minutes, eventually feels like just another mall and didn't make for a cozy (or lively) dining experience. The service was fair but completely forgettable, like just about everything about this experience.  Set your sights low, or try something else.
2	Dear Mario Batali, I am so disappointed. My husband and I were in Vegas for the weekend, and for our eating out pleasure, he picked Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, and I chose your Enoteca San Marco. In the Iron Chef of our dining choices, you got whupped. I mean, sure, if someone parked a boatload of money outside of my house, I'd let them slap my name and picture on whatever they wanted. But I had expected more of you.The food was, at best, so-so. Incredibly salty (I am speaking especially of the prosciutto balls and the lentils), not exactly attractively presented, and accompanied by the worse bread I have ever had the misfortune of being insulted with. I felt like Oliver twist, trying to break off a cold hunk of charred dough to eat, plain, until I could flag  down our waiter for some olive oil.Oh, and in the past, on the rare occasion when the wine I select is unavailable, I've always been offered the closest similar bottle at the same price (if it was more expensive). You should think about this if your wine list isn't going to be current.I don't have unreasonable expectations for this sort of casual dining, and I know you are an awesome chef, Mario, but this place is an embarrassment to your good name.
4	I originally wanted to do brunch at Bouchon but they are closed on Mondays for brunch. BOO! We ended up wondering around for a while and ended up here. (Lots of the nicer restaurants are not open at 11am on Mondays.) Sitting "outside" in the Canal area at the Venetian is beautiful, the people watching and the performers are fun too.  To start off they gave us this bread but it was burnt?? The waiter tells us that "the crust is suppose to be that way." hmmm?? okay? I didn't get it, it tasted like burnt bread to me. We ordered an Insalate- grilled radicchio with smoked mozzarella. This was good the cheese was baked on top with the crispy radicchio at the bottom. Yummy!As the main entrees we had the Gemelli - house sausage and broccoli rabe. I love the gemelli noodles they were cooked perfectly, texture was just right and they had a unique shape. The other dish was the Bavette Cacio e Pepe- black pepper and percorino. A very simple dish however, full a flavor you can really taste the noodles but it was a salty. The portions seem small when you look at them compared to how much pasta you get at other restaurants but, I was stuffed by the end of lunch. And you should be with a $50 lunch tab. I wonder how B&B would be??? (A lot more expensive, I know that much) :P
3	Things You Must Know About Enoteca San Marco"1. Prices are $20-$30.  Price is about right for food quality.2.  While food is prepared well, there is no real winners.  Everything is just good or lower average.3. Piazza environment is the best reason to eat here.4. Cheese plates are great and the best food that came with our meal.5. Service is exceptional.6. Bread is always prepackaged burnt and cold.7. Wine is ridiculously overpriced.8. Food is average to lower average regular gourmet affair and the scenery rocks.  I would not go back.
2	I'd really like to give it 2 1/2 stars.It's a shame because I really like Mario Batali, but I would not come back here, nor was I really overwhelmed with my meal. I do have one recommendation, however:GET THE CHEESE PLATE! This was a hit. There are three options, 3 for $7, 5 for $14, and 7 for $21. We got the 7 choices and split between 4 people. The cheese plate also comes with a variety of sides, which we weren't too sure if you were supposed to dip the cheese in, however they were a nice addition, but we weren't overly impressed with them. It came with cherrys soaked in cognac (tasty), honey with black truffle (eh), and some sort of apricot marmalade with chili pepper (not a fan). Don't worry about those though, the cheese was EXCELLENT, and there's about 12-14 for you to choose from. We all agreed it should have come with crackers, though.  Other than that, my meal tasted ok, but if I did go back there, I would not order it. I've had way better seafood (or meals for that matter) at much less expensive places. BTW, if you don't eat meat, good luck. I at least eat seafood, and there were two options. I opted for the marked fish "Livornese". The market fish was Ahi Tuna, cooked ok, but wasn't a fan of the sauce. As far as my friends, I think they mildly enjoyed their meals. Also, the bread is not fresh- it comes wrapped in paper (thought this was very strange for what was supposedly a '5-star' restaurant- and the crust was burnt. The setting is however very nice, it is inside of the Venetian, and it really does look like you are outside sitting in some Venetian plaza. I thought the Pope might have come out at any moment. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly which was a major plus, but that's not going to get me to go back to any restaurant, especially one where I'm spending over $20 on my meal.
3	Casual Italian eatery by Food Network TV celebrity chef Mario Batali. The sliced cured meat selections were good paired with a glass (or two, or three) of wine was a great snack. We also split a Margherita pizza and it was crispy and fresh and great to split.  My wife and I were satisfied, but I wouldn't particularly crave to come back here again.
5	Okay, so maybe I've never actually been to Italy, but I did spend my pubescent years in Staten Island where all my friends were Italian American, so whatever, this place is frickin fantastic. It's got bustle and hustle with the simulated piazza and the perfectly painted sky above, and we could wave over to the Wolfgang Puck diners nearby and even had a great view of some weird town square opera that was going on, I guess, because it's Vegas. Our waiter was, to put it mildly, belissimo--just an astonishingly friendly, accommodating fellow who gently talked us out of ordering too much food and took our picture and cooed at us in what I think was a genuine Italian accent. We ordered a bottle of the Bastianich 2004 "Joe's Rosso" because for $35, we couldn't refuse, and plus we'd heard about the label, and it turned out that old Joe did not disappoint. Naturally I began to stuff my face with the bread, which came with bread sticks, all wrapped in wax paper. But before I could brush the breadcrumbs off my cheeks, out came the Arancine Risotto Balls. My goodness, those were delicious balls. I've never had such tasty balls, so chewy and savory on the inside and crispy toasty on the outside, just yummy yummy balls. That's right, I said balls. My Linguine con Le Cozze, featuring mussels, saffron, and marjoram, was cooked al dente fabulous, and my bubbie's grilled hanger steak delivered a surprisingly bold flavor.I can't remember if we had dessert. Didn't matter. We had a splendid time, enjoying a long, unhurried dinner and commendable wine and lively conversation and loads of people watching. Mario's eatery rocks!
4	I was in Las Vegas a couple of weeks ago for work. On Friday night we went out for a group dinner at Enoteca. I have never been to this establishment but having been to Carnevino and having a WONDERFUL dinner I had expectations. Enoteca is a bit more casual and low key than Carne and offers pastas, pizzas and a small variety of entrees. Our group started with a selection of cheeses, Prosciutto di Parma and fried squash blossoms. Not being a cheese fan I passed on the cheese and sampled the prosciutto and blossoms. YUM! The Prosciutto was delicate, just a bit salty and a nice light beginning to the meal. The squash blossoms were filled with some sort of cheese mixture, lightly battered and deep fried. And though fried they were still very light and airy. DELISH! I've never had squash blossoms but this app made me a fan! For dinner I had the the Marinated Chicken Paillard. WOW! What a serving! The dish "base" was a large slice of deep fried eggplant topped with ricotta cheese, three chicken breast pieces, spicy arugula and a light almost tangy green sauce. So Good and a very generous serving of food! I was able to finish the eggplant, arugula and two pieces of chicken, but left one last piece....just too full. I also have to mention the Braised Pork Shoulder which two members of our party ordered. I was told was delicious and literally fell apart it was so tender. They didn't even need a knife to slice the meat, it just pulled part with a fork! Good stuff.For dessert we did a sampling of two gelatos and one sorbet. We had the chocolate gelato with hazelnuts, a black cherry gelato and a strawberry sorbet. All were the perfect ending to the meal. Cool, light, clean, refreshing and delicious!The service was prompt, timely, friendly and efficient. Our server checked on us regularly even though the place was packed! I would definitely return....if only for the squash blossoms :)
4	This is a great spot for casual dining (if you like the "Vegas" showmanship).I have dined here a dozen times in the past two years.  The food is very consistent.  I strongly recommend you sit at the bar if you are dining alone.  This is the Venetian  so a lot of interesting people (especially those from Italy) will eat here.  Makes the whole dining experience that much more authentic.The ambiance is OK.  I spend a third of my year in Vegas so I'm tired of the theme concept.  Tourist will probably find the ambiance enchanting.The service is very friendly.The food is very good.  Try a selection of cheeses or some of the cured meats to start.  Salads are a great choice if you have not had your greens but you can make them yourself at home.  They are not special.  The restaurant shines in its homemade pasta preparations.  They are ALL excellent.  I never thought cauliflower would make a great pasta topping.  I was so wrong.  Other entre items are well prepared but not that memorable.Wines are also a great buy here.  They offer a large number of wines by the glass.  The typical pour is a quarter of the bottle.  Prices are very fair.If you have room, enjoy some biscotti with an Italian desert wine (they offer very good choices.)    Perfect end to the evening.
3	Enoteca San Marco is located in St. Mark's Square which can be hard to find if you are not overly familiar with the Venetian. One of my friends chose the restaurant because she wanted Italian at a moderate price. In those two regards, Enoteca San Marco met our expectations, but in terms of amazing service or quality of food, I was totally let down. Sure the food was fresh, but it didn't have any wow factor at all.First, you have multiple servers throughout the meal (I think we had about five during our meal) - I much prefer having only one or two servers that I can build a relationship with throughout the course of the meal. My group started with a cheese plate (burrata, fontina, and parmigiano reggiano) which came with three different items for us to dip the cheese in (the group's favorite was the honey). For my dinner, I had the Bavette Cacio e Pepe, which is really just pasta with black pepper and cheese in olive oil. It was very basic, but the pasta was very fresh. Two of my dining companions had the spaghetti and meatball special, which they both loved especially because the meatballs were spicy; another friend had the spaghetti and zucchini in olive oil special which she said was very fresh; and my other friend had the butternut squash and braised pork shoulder. While we all enjoyed our meals, we were not wowed at all. However, our dessert did have us raving - we shared cream puffs and each of the three had a gelato flavor of our choosing. The almond gelato cream puff was by far our favorite.While my portion of the wine and meal after trip was $48 which I didn't think was that bad, I can't say I was very impressed with Mario Batali after visiting Enoteca San Marco and I am not running to go visit another of his restaurants anytime in the near future. Definitely 3 stars.
4	For a casual, but upscale-ish light dining experience, Enoteca San Marco in the Venetian isn't a bad choice.My wife had a very good salad, the Acetaia "Vinegar Maker's Salad" that she enjoyed quite a bit.  I had a simple pizza Margherita, which seemed overly simplistic - a thin layer of sauce, some slices of buffalo mozzarella, and fresh basil - but really was all about the crust, like a good pizza should be, crispy and chewy with a good hearty flavor.  Despite its apparent simplicity, I was satisfied with my choice.I had a very respectable glass of Soave with lunch, while the wife went with a cold beer.  Service was competent and relatively pleasant.  I'd go here again.
4	Had a good meal coupled with a good wine recommendation. It's in the middle of the Venetian plaza/walkway so if you don't mind an occasional "hoot" or "holla" from passing drunkards ... it's a fine place to have a fine meal. Definitely would go again.
4	Had a solid meal of different apps.  Good place but lots of families and kids.  Next time I'd go to B & B.We had a great waiter who answered all of our questions.  The menu was similar to Otto in lower NYC.  The only thing I was mad about was the fact that they did not have the brussel sprouts.  Oh well. We had figs, pickled beets and farro, fried cauliflower, fried procsciutto balls, split a pizza with pancetta, and shared some gellato. We left completely stuffed.Loved people watching and we met a nice couple who we spent dinner talking too.  Good meal but if you want a less child friendly version of Batali's restaurant go to B & B around the corner.
4	I've always liked Mario Batali but now I love him even more after trying his restaurant.  This by far was our best meal in Vegas even beating out Bouchon.  We (a group of my girlfriends and I) shared a four course meal with options from the regular menu - one my friends is a vegan so only one meat dish was reviewed during this meal =).  We started off with 1. Fried item - zucchini blossom and vegetable items: Eggplant, Beets and Faro (and this was our favorite).  2, The Caprese, Argula and Pea (my favorite).  3. Pennette alla Norma, Cauliflower Rigatoni, and the Gemelli (meat).  We were all happy with our individual selections.  4. Dessert consisted of three gelati: strawberry, blueberry and rhubarb.  The first two were really sweet and the rhubarb was tart.I was very happy with the meal.  Service was ok.  We sat inside which was a nice escape as we felt like we were in a wine cellar as opposed to the exposed seating in San Marco's square.
3	While I felt the three stars I gave to Postrio was unfair to the food, the three stars I am giving to Enoteca San Marco is unfair to the service.  The waiters, managers, and host staff here are attentive and delightful.  But the prices and food do not warrant more than two stars.  I've been to the Batali-Bastianich mecca known as Babbo in NYC, but I completely cannot and will not compare the two restaurants.  Batali definitely has a way with pastas, and they do shine here at ESM, but it's not enough.  The prices are ridiculous for the amount of food you are given.  Even with a $18 plate of pasta, it cannot possibly be shared unless you're a size 0 model who doesn't mind just nibbling on the plated parsley.  This is all so ironic seeing as how Batali's appetite is so...ahem...bountiful.Final word:  If you want to be full and not feel completely robbed, walk across the way to Postrio and refuel there for your Vegas excursion.
3	we had a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate here and decided to try this place for lunch. its in the venetian so you're guaranteed a pretty atmosphere and entertainment (people as statues, opera singers, etc...). our waiter started us off w/ some bread which was wrapped in paper... i opened it and it was burnt and hard as a rock. i'm not sure if it was supposed to be like that but after reading other reviews i'm guessing the bread here just sucks? because it did. a lot...1 star for the bread actually...anyways...for our appetizer we ordered the fried zucchini which we both loved. it was lightly fried and served fresh and hot. they definitely weren't stingy with their zucchini. for our entrees we ordered the quattro formaggi pizza and the gemelli w/ house sausage. both were decent. you can't really go wrong with cheese pizza and pasta. finished off our meal with gelato (cocoa, peach, and vanilla bean) the peach gelato is to die for.. so good! the service was alright. the manager came to our table and made sure we were doing alright a few times... but maybe thats because we were having lunch at 2pm and there was barely anyone there. i'm actually not that impressed with this place. if it wasn't for the gift certificate we probably wouldn't have come. giving it 3 stars because we only had to pay $35 for an appetizer, 2 entrees and dessert. (~$50 total) and a $35 lunch in vegas is a steal...
5	Deserves the Big "O" AwardI've found my new favorite restaurant to dine in when in Vegas!  Loved the atmosphere- very  casual with a splash of class with the outdoor dining.  Went with a group of friends so I got to taste a bit of everything so here's my 2 cents:  actually, I'm not gonna waste time talking about other dishes...Cut to the chase- here's what to order:  Fried Pizza Dough, Caprese Salad, Braised Pork Shoulder with Smashed Fried Potatoes and Sauteed Squash.Pizza Dough:  Curiously shaped these strips of fried dough have the perfect chewy texture and is topped with shaved cheese and pepper flakes.  Simple yet addicting =)Caprese Salad:  Yummy tomato slices with this soft gooey mozzarella like cheese on top!  It was so good I would play bloody knuckles for the last slice =)Braised Pork Shoulder:  Huge, thick piece of pork meat that's so tender and soft that is glazed with this delicious apple reduction and cucumber slices.  Honestly, the pork was so good I didn't even realize there were cucumbers on that pig!  The sides were AMAZING:  Fried Smashed Potatoes were something new that I'm a fan of....little red potatoes baked soft but the outside is lightly fried and crispy with this incredible salty slightly spicy kick!  Zucchinis were sauteed in butter and garlic- enough said!What NOT to order:  Pizza (why waste $ on something you can everyday?!), Butternut Squash appetizer (tasted flowery), pasta margherita DOC (it was too salty).My friend had a bite of my pork and said, "Ohhh, the chef made love to that dish!" and my reply was, "If that's the case this pork had some multiple O's!"  Seriously guys, it was TOO GOOD!*sigh*  Now I'm sad....talking about this restaurant and being 3 hours away sucks.If you're in Vegas please try San Marco out.  The staff are wonderful and atmosphere is chill w/ lots of people watching.I think I'm going to plan another Vegas trip- just to eat here again!
5	This is a solid 5 stars for me. The only thing they could possibly do better is have some more reasonably priced drink selections. The food was wowza, off the charts. We started with a 3 cheese tray that consisted of Fontina, Parmesan and something else... it comes with honey, spicy apricots and brandied cherries. (No, they won't let you drink the brandy out of the jar, damnit!) Cheese was awesome. I don't think we even touched the bread, once the cheese came out. I don't know about all the bread complaints. Despite the fact that it had a very dark, well-done crust, I think it's a stretch to call it burned. Probably think your glass is half-empty if you call the bread burned. I had some sort of pizza. It was on the back of their menu, where they have their pasta and pizza of-the-day selection, below the cheeses. Other person in my party had the carbonara. My pizza had some sort of ham-thickness meat, arugula and tepanade. It was an thin crust pizza, that was more than large enough for one person. I wasn't too hot on the carbonara, but it was still quite good. I'd probably try other items, myself. I didn't like the fact that they have small, expensive wine pours. Their wine list's cheapest bottle is $32, average around $90, up to $400. Ok, I don't have a problem buying a $32 bottle of wine. But if I buy the cheapest bottle, I look like the cheapest patron. Anyway, I'd appreciate cheaper drinks. Other than the goofy wine list, I found it to be just awesome. In fact, I plan on visiting again. Maybe they can start charging a corkage fee for my 40 oz'rs. Staff was also great. They were very friendly and actually kept a good pace with the food and drinks coming out. I really appreciate that, especially at a nice location like this. Highly recommended, I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
5	Mario's latest venture is a great place for a quick bite to eat.  We sampled a vast number of the cheeses, cured meats, and fried fare, all of which were excellent.   We did not venture beyond the antipasti.  Excellent selection of Italian wines, though some were a bit overpriced.  Not surprisingly, the best values were from co-owner Bastianich's winery.  I look forward to returning to sample the heartier fare.
5	Man, Batali has done it again.  Just had dinner at one of his NYC restaurants and this one was just as good but in a more casual setting.  The caprese salad was fresh and drizzled with a pesto olive oil.  The carbonara was the best I've ever had with just the right amount of salty pancetta and creamy texture to make my mouth soooo happy.  We sat at the counter and had fun watching the guys behind the counter preparing the salads.  Our server was so friendly and helped us decipher the menu items.  This restaurant is in the middle of St. Mark's Square so it's a great place to have a tasty meal and people-watch at the same time.
3	I've been here once.  The food is good...i only have it 3 stars cause I had a decent experience, nothing bad, just average.  The portions are small, as is expected of a place like this.  I would come here again if I had some extra cash to spend, and if you want a "nice" lunch.  The setting is really pretty, we sat on the patio underneath the "faux" sky and it was nice cause there are a bunch of different restaurants all next to each other ...so it kind of had the "your in another country" cafe feel.  My bro loves Mario Batali...so that's why we came here.
3	everything was pretty good. fried risotto balls yummy. goat cheese and pancetta pizza was YUMMY but a bit too salty. that would be my only complaint: everything can be a little less salty.  Gelato was ok...kinda underwhelmed except for the concord grape sorbet. the prickly pear sorbet was just weird...overall, pretty underwhelmed. and the waiter was a jackass..god he randomly took away two plates from our table and i had nowhere to put my bread...while two other people at our table still had their plates...i was like "wtf..." and when we explained that the food was a bit too salty, he was so annoying and wouldn't just say ok but just kept talking back. oh and nothing to eat the bread with...not even butter...
5	Beets & Saba - excellent & good sized portionSquash Blossoms - filled with a minted ricotta - and DIVINE!  An absolute must try!Canteloupe, Arugula, Parmigiano-Reggiano & Lonza (cured pork loin *drool*) - this was a perfectly balanced salad.  Sweet, salty, savory - with a lemon/olive oil dressing and salt/pepper.  Perfect and simple.Another excellent meal - the staff, service and food never disappoint.  I was immediately seated - and they get the food out here FAST.  It was lunchtime, too.  If I was ever disappointed in something here, I'd send it back and know that they'd make it good.PROTIP:  Ask for olive oil when your bread shows up.This is one of my favourite Vegas places.  Highly recommended :)
4	This place is in the middle of the Venetian.  This is another Batali restaurant.  The bread is excellent.  I could basically eat that all night.  He makes these veal meatballs that I could eat all night as well.  Love the Vinegar Makers Salad cause I'm a sucker for vinegar and roasted beets.  Yes, i dig beets.
5	I took my family to Enoteca San Marco to try a Mario Bitalis italian food. It was a great choice. The food is superb, I tried appetizers and a pizza, they were all wonderful. The service was also very good. I will go back to it every time I visit Las Vegas.
3	The food was okay.  But for the price, I don't think it's worth it.  I was so looking forward to going to a Batali restaurant.  For appetizer, we shared the shrimp and potato balls.  For entree, I had the spaghetti pasta with pork belly and onions.  He had the pasta with mussels and saffron.  We both liked the seafood one better.  The dessert was good...had the melon and vanilla gelato.
3	We decided to eat at a Batali restaurant in Vegas after trying both Mozzas in LA and Otto in NY.  Though we thought the food was good, it doesn't hold a candle to the Mozza duo.  We tried 2 items off the fritti menu - I got the gnoccho (fried pizza dough?) and J got the calzone.  Both were tasty, but nothing mind-blowing.I ordered the caprese salad as an entree - which was great... but again, Mozza's is more memorable.  J got the pizza with anchovies and capers.  He liked it a lot but Pizzeria Mozza's was better.  The service was fine, nothing special... the waitress seemed a little annoyed that we didn't want dessert (we were full)... I remember reading a NY Times article about how these better restaurants are all struggling and waitstaff are getting substantially lower tips, so maybe she was annoyed that our dinner bill was lower by having 2 courses + wine and not 3, but I didn't quite get the attitude.We opted to sit indoors because eating "outside" in an indoor plaza with a really strong perfume-y scent just seemed off-putting.  We could hear the music piped into the restaurant - I wondered if it was from Batali's iPod (like at Babbo) and if so, it matches my Pandora selections quite well.Ambiance - A-OK.  Food - good but not as memorable as other Batali places.  But at least we could get a reservation here :)
3	Went here last night after wondering the Venitian like zombiesfrom being so tired. Sat at the bar which is very plesant. Ordered a delicious bottle of wine. Had the arugula and shaved parm salad which was excellent. The olive oil that they use is so good! Then got pastas which were so salty they burned our mouths with salt. The pasta norma was less salty, the pork sauce pasta that my friend had was really too much! Almost inedible. He's a smoker so it wasnt as bad for him but if it were mine I would have sent it back. Then we had a fabulous hazelnut gelato that won us back on their side. I talked a bit with the waiter and they use a lot of local products and their kitchen makes many things by hand (as they should but that is becoming harder and harder to find). I would recommend this place, we had a very nice time, just be careful with the pastas if you don't like salty things!
2	I'm so disappointed! I was really looking forward to Chef Mario's restaurant, but all we really got was some expensive Macaroni Grill type food. I was with a group of 10 girls (bachlorette party, it's Vegas) and, amazingly, we all ordered something different. Usually the specials aren't that great, but the special of the day, lamb something was great. The other good dish was the crispy duck, which was like a quarter of a duck and roasted grapes ("raisins"). Everything else was mediocre or salty. Like gimme that pitcher of water salty. I know the girl that ordered the marinated chicken pillard at about a quarter of her food because it was so salty. I had the linguine con le cozze, basically mussels and saffron linguine. It was a little on the salty side, but it was little more than buttered noodles w/  handful of mussels (not in shell). I also ordered the cheese appetizer. They didn't have much selection, and ran out of one of the cheese we wanted. Anyway, the cheeses were small pieces, and $17. Meh. Service was great, but I feel like I wasted a meal.
2	Food wise the pizza with sausage and roasted peppers was good although not as good as the pizza I ate at Wolfgangs Spago. The service was very meh. I think we just happened to be unlucky because the waiter in the neighboring table was real attentive and explained everything. Would have gotten a better rating if the service was better.
4	This place was perfect after a day of debauchery at Tao Beach. The only downside is finding this place. The Venetian is designed all funky, so the buildings aren't in your standard square blocks. They could be around nooks and crannies. I m glad we finally found Entoeca, because its exactly the carbs we needed to fill up on. I came across this place via Restaurants.com's 80% coupon discount and thought it would be a decent spot to check out. We got here around 4pm, which was the perfect time to find a seat being that its neither lunch or dinner. The server was very friendly, and she even took her sweet time explaining the menu items. It was written in Italian and hard to figure out. So we ended up ordering a Monte Cresto, a full sized Margaretta Pizza, Risotto and a dish of spaghetti. Believe it or not, we did not have any left overs. Enoteca isn't your typical Italian restaurant, it features food from the Mediterranean. So from what I can tell it did have a unique taste in all their ingredients. I love the atmosphere of sitting out in the courtyard areas of the Venetian. It made me feel like we were actually on the streets of Italy... but not really.  The food here was good, and I definitely recommend it. For Vegas, its definitely considered a good price even if you do not have a coupon. I recommend the Enoteca.
5	I'm Vegan and after three mediocre meals elsewhere - one where I feel sure I was served dairy and another where I truly believe I was served a meat pattie they tried to pass off as veggie, San Marco was heaven. The hostess/waiter could not have been more accomodating about me being Vegan. Every waitstaff person who came to our table knew about my diet. The hostess pointed out every single item on the menu I could eat and told me every single ingredient in each item. I felt like a guest of honor. I had the figs as a starter. Yum! I had a pasta dish with tomatoes that was wonderful and filling but not heavy. Excellent quality and ingredients. My boyfriend had a pasta with pork sauce that he loved. He had gelato and I had sorbet for dessert. I did not know sorbet could taste so amazing. The atmosphere inside the Venetian where they recreated St. Mark's Square is lovely - definitely sit in their outdoor seating. It was truly a wonderful experience and worth every penny. The service was 5 stars and the hostess was a true gem, the food was five stars and the atmosphere was 5 stars.  What more can I say?
3	I am at a crossroads on this review and wish i could do 2 reviews- one on food and one on management/customer service. Again, this is my second visit but my first review. Party of 4- we started with meats, cheeses, olives and bread- all was very good- especially with the marinated cherries(brandy), truffle honey and apricots. great add to the cheese selection! Especially the cherries!!! Ordered a sausage and pepper pizza to split. All good to this point. Pizza comes and Hesch grabs a piece immediately....never mind there was a lady at the table who should have been served first...luckily the hungry lady (we will call her fozzie) told Hal to stop eating the pizza. She then preceded to pull an EARRING out of the pizza! Not a simple diamond or loop- a fish hook looking spear which who knows what was pierced with that thing! Waitress is mortified when we call her over and she sees- off the table goes the pizza and in comes the train of apologetic managers....ok, a little freaked, but also a little drunk at this point as well so we carry on...new pizza comes out, jewelry free and we end evening with meatballs to split. Manager comes over with a "complimentary" after dinner digestive- which we all drink to be polite. Here comes the check.....with NO comp for even the pizza! Are you f'ing kidding me? Someones nose, ear, I don't want to know, piercing is in our pizza.....and you buy me a shot of shit to compensate! Now you see my dilemma- food was 3.5 stars and management was a 1.0- (FYI- if you read my CarneVino review- what I didn't mention was that the same group manages all of Batalli spots in Vegas- we told them story while waiting for table and they actually comp'd us 2 desserts there).
4	See Blog for full review:  Arriving first, my contorti dish consisted of 8 large figs "agrodolce" cured in balsamic vinegar - at only $6 the dish was a steal and tasted wonderful with the sweetness of the figs proving a substantial match for the sour and acidic vinegar.  No pits, no stems, soft flesh and crispness to the skin - all told, excellent.Waiting only a short time my next arrival was the salad - or at least the dish listed as a salad.  Entitled Due Uova the plate was certainly overpriced at $14 but the taste/flavor certainly made up for it.  Featuring a creamy and rich risotto cake flash fried and filled with cheese the dish was next topped with a farm fresh hen-egg served sunny side and then accented with an ample portion of mullet bottarga - hence the "two eggs."  Textural and rich the dish shined despite its price tag and once again showed off Batali's skill with eggs.Arriving next was my pizza and fried item.  First off, Zucchini Blossoms with Picorino Fritti consisted of five flavorful and lightly fried blossoms loaded with a zesty pecorino that melted just enough to give contrast.  Light and sweet to complement the savory cheese, the blossoms were actually more fragrant that I was used to and had a great "aftertaste" that lingered on the palate.Finishing the blossoms I suddenly realized just how large the pizzas were and knowing I A) needed to spend $50 to use my certificate, B) wanted dessert, and C) had the previously mentioned dinner in a few hours I decided to only eat half the pizza - a half that turned into 4/6 of the pizza plus all of the toppings from the remaining slices after a couple bites.  Featuring a perfect and buttery cracker crust topped with pulled Ham hock, braised Endive, ricotta, and mozzarella the pizza was stated to be a daily special and it was incredible - possibly the best pizza I've had in a couple of years.  Smoky and savory yet sweet the ham was wonderfully tender while the crispy endive proved a nice foil with its mildly pungent tones.  The blend of cheeses worked well to accent the toppings without overwhelming, something I've found Batali's team particularly skilled at in past experiences.Allowing my servers to clear the table (at this point inexplicably still holding the plates of every dish I'd consumed) and to finally refill my water (only 1 refill during the 70 minute meal) I watched the "Street performers" while awaiting my dessert.  Feeling somewhat full I decided against the "dessert du jour" - profiteroles, and instead opted for one of Enoteca's signature gelato sundaes - Concord Grape Sorbetto, Peanut Butter Gelato, Peanut Butter Cookie, frozen Concord Grapes.  Presented beautifully with a small gelato trowel I proceeded to crumble up the cookie and take a taste.  First impressed by the incredibly "grape-like" flavor of the sorbet and its tart almost wine-like aroma I next took a bite of the smooth and creamy gelato - literally like a blend of butter and peanut butter but cold.  Finally, mixing the two - heaven - like the best peanut butter and jelly you've never had.  When it was all said and done my total bill came out to $57, or $35ish including my certificate - quite frankly, a steal for a Batali meal and especially in such a unique setting.  While clearly not as "refined" as Babbo or Mozza, I actually liked the atmosphere and food at Enoteca much more than that at Otto - I also didn't have to wait for 2 hours for a seat.  While service could have been better and prices perhaps slightly lower on the due uova, nothing was out of line and I'd certainly consider returning to Enoteca San Marco for a casual lunch on future visits to Vegas.  Say what you will about Mario - the man does great things with cheese, pork, and eggs
2	Wow.  I was SO disappointed in this experience.  I watch Iron Chef fairly religiously and had always thought Batali and Morimoto were the chefs to beat, and was totally looking forward to eating at a Batali restaurant while in Vegas.  So as I checked the reviews of all three of his places I noticed two were $$$$ and this one was $$ but they all got similar reviews.  Similar in that there were more dissatisfied customers than I was comfortable with.  So we decided to play it safe and test out ESM for lunch, and if it was good, check out one of the others for dinner another day.  Needless to say, this was our only Batali experience.Our service from the hostess was great, she sat my husband and I at a four person table so we could both sit on one side and watch the "street show" in St. Mark's square.  One star for that.  But sadly, good service then came to a screeching halt.  We saw very little of our server throughout the rest of the meal.   He dropped off the boring cold bread and took our orders, and we didn't see him again until after our food had been removed from the table and he came back for our dessert order.  And after that was done, it took him forever again for the check.We ordered the balsamic marinated figs to start, the gemeli pasta with house sausage and broccoli rabe as our first course, the pork shoulder as our main course, and the cactus pear sorbet and goat cheese gelato for dessert.   I absolutely LOVE figs and enjoyed this first dish very much although it wasn't particularly unique or difficult to prepare.  Half a star for the figs.  The pasta was disgusting.  I agree with everyone else who says he gives "al dente" a new meaning--the pasta was not cooked enough at all for my liking.  The sausage was completely flavorless, and the bitterness of the broccoli rabe completely dominated everything.  If our waiter had come back to check on us, we would have told him so.  The pork shoulder WAS good, I'll give them that, but I make an equally delicious pork shoulder in my crockpot at home for MUCH cheaper.  Another half star for the pork.  By this time my husband was trying to convince me that we didn't need to spend any more money here on dessert, but I was determined to give it one last chance.  I saw the goat cheese gelato on the menu and since I LOVE goat cheese, I figured it had to be money.  Sadly no, this dish was as bad as the pasta one.  The cactus pear sorbet was saccharine sweet and the goat cheese gelato tasted nothing like goat cheese...and they were even worse when eaten together.  We ended up eating only three or four bites of our $12 dessert.  I am sure we must have just had horrible luck on the dishes we ordered because I am having a really hard time believing that this food was representative of Mario Batali's cooking, but I'm pretty sure everyone in the restaurant the day we were there (and we would notice whenever we passed by throughout our visit) was also receiving horrid service.  So many bored, hungry looking people straining their necks to find their server.  Inexcusable.  Hope you have better luck there.
4	Wow wow weeee wow!It takes a lot for me to say that.  First of all, we stumbled upon this restaurant not knowing it existed, and were hesitant to try it.  It wasn't very busy, therefore in my mind, not very good.  Damn, I am so freaking judgmental.  Where else but vegas is it okay to have such big judgy pants on?We sat at the bar, which was a perfect choice.  We had a couple glasses of wine, and felt right at home with tremendous atmosphere.  3 cheeses were ordered, and I cannot believe how amazing honey and black truffle flakes can be.  The boy had a pizza, and I had an arugula salad.  The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is due to the crutch known as salt that this restaurant was strongly holding onto.  There was no need for so much salt.  I even went as far as to pour my water into my salad plate just to wash the salt off.  Epic fail.Our waitress was nice, and prompt, the staff was very attentive, and the atmosphere was perfect for the Venetian.  Sitting up at the bar was a fantastic choice as we were able to see a lot further, and enjoy when the performers came out to sing, puppet, etc... the tables looked uncomfortable.  At the bar you can watch them make the salads too.  Which I kind of like.  Its fun to see kitchen techniques, and how fast things come together for these chefs.yay.  something positive from vegas.
4	Looking for a nice dining spot that wouldn't break the bank Abby and I happened upon Enoteca San Marco. The "Patio" seating is really nice and really captures the feel of an outside restaurant. We had a few nice starters and some delicious Pastas. We skipped out on dessert and strolled over to the "canal" for gelato. All that with a nice bottle of wine only set us back $80 something dollars. The fountains and fake sky made for a surprisingly relaxing time.
1	The only thing going for this restaurant is that if you are lucky enough to get a table facing the street view, you get to enjoy the street shows with the below average, flavor less meal, prepared in an iron chef restaurant.Batali, if you read yelp, which i doubt you do, take off your name from this restaurant. You may be making a neat pile of money but you are not doing yourself any favors. You lost a fan.While our server was nice, thats the only nice thing that I have got to say about this restaurant. The bread was cold, served without the customary olive oil. When we asked for some, we got hard butter!!We ordered mozzarella and anchovy fritti, which was like fried cheese sandwich, couldn't taste the anchovies at all. Batali, I can make a more flavorful fritti. for main course we got the Grilled Lamb with rice beans, tomato, arugula, which was very disappointing. The rice beans were dry, the lamb was blah. Don't waste your calories and money at this restaurant, any decent cook can turn out better dishes than what was served here.
5	OMG! Yet another great meal in Vegas baby! Had a perfectly cooked linguine with veal. We also had the veal meatballs which were insanely good. We also had the warm cabbage salad with the egg on top!  So rustic Italian and so very good!  It was a perfect way to end a long cold day of gambling and drinking. The service was also top notch. I am definitely a Batali fan after eating here and at Carnevino!!!!  Makes you wanna move to Vegas baby!!
3	Being a huge fan of Mario Batali and his two LA restaurants Pizzeria Mozza and Osteria Mozza, I was so excited to try his new restaurant at the Venetian. The squash blossoms were bland and under-seasoned, a big let down since the squash blossoms at Pizzeria Mozza are absolutely amazing. The fried prosciutto meatballs were decent. I ordered the bucatini with cured ham. The flavor was very good, but just incredibly waaaay too salty for one to eat and that's considering that I'm known to love salty foods. The anchovy pizza was the same.  All in all, the food was only subpar.  Service was also very slow and our lunch ended up lasting 2 hours long.
4	In terms of Vegas restaurants, this one was actually a pretty decent deal.  We were lucky enough to get a table with an awesome view of the street performers, which is probably what pushed this review to 4 stars.  We ordered a pizza and a pasta to split, and while the pizza was amazing, the pasta was overpriced.  I say it was overpriced because it was 6 bucks more than any of the other pastas, and it's price wasn't listed on the menu (our server recommended it to us as a special).  That kind of rubbed me the wrong way, it seemed like she was trying to get a little more money out of us.  Even worse, when we were done eating she took our plates, left a dessert menu and plopped down an empty bowl with two spoons and told us to pick which dessert we wanted.  She didn't ASK if we wanted to dessert, but rather put us in an awkward position where we couldn't say no.  I eat out all the time and that had never happened to me before.  We got gelato, it was delicious but at 9 bucks it better have been!  Overall I would likely return and stick to pizza only, as it was amazing.  If you eat there, be prepared for servers who just want your $$$
5	We were on our way to the Grand Lux Cafe, and got lost within the Canal Shops, I seem to never be able to find my way in Las Vegas. we came across this place, and the hostess offered us a menu, and was very nice. The wait staff was very attentive, and the seating in the mall has a very nice feel to it. The Food was Amazing, as I would have expected it from Mario Batali, I had a summer squash, pine nut, and ricotta cheese. We also ordered a spaghetti and salami dish that just had the amount of heat. This was by far one of our best dining experience in Las Vegas this trip.  I'm glad we got lost,  and found this gem.
3	Postitives:Good serviceGood music (Best of Clash played overhead)Fantastic Cauliflower Fritti (fried to a creamy texture inside, crunchy outside)Reasonable prices given the locationGreat fruity olive oil to go with bread (need to ask)Negatives:Touristy location (have to walk through the awful and schlocky Venetian Canal shops)Uninspired traditional pasta dishes (Gemelli with sausage and rapini was bland)Expensive wines by the glass (cheapest red offering was $16/glass)Despite the negatives, it's still a decent option if you are looking for a not-so-ridiculously-expensive meal along the Strip.
4	3.5 stars, but I'll round up.  While I do consider myself somewhat of a foodie, I normally don't seek out the tv popular chefs' places.  However, I have enjoyed Batali's work at the two Mozzas in LA and I enjoyed a few dishes at Carnevino in the Palazzo.  Truth be told though, the real reason we came is is for one dish: Cacio e Pepe.  This simple pasta dish-- which consists of pasta, premium olive oil, cheese, and pepper--was one of my very favorite dishes when I traveled to Italy, and I've never seen it anywhere here in the US.  We had to try it out.The restaurant itself is situated in the Venetian's "St Mark's Square," which is, as many have said, super touristy and not even remotely like Piazza San Marco in Venice.  We grabbed a seat in the outside portion of the restaurant, which was nice since there was a wonderful string quartet playing beautifully.  On to the food:-The bread is mediocre, but the olive oil and balsamic vinegar (upon request) is tasty.-Sampled the Grand Tasting of the Carne: Prosciutto, Salumi, Mortadella, Testa, and Coppa.  The quality of the meat was outstanding.  Very good prosciutto (the only meat not made in house), and surprisingly good Mortadella; the best my husband has ever had, he says.-Hubby ordered the Bucatini Amatriciana (which we've sampled at Carnevino too); it was decent, but Carnevino does a better job.-I ordered my Cacio e Pepe; It needed a little more oil, more cacio and more pepe.  I asked the server for some, which h brought.  But, had it been added when it was prepared, the cheese would've melted a bit and the dish would've been infinitely better.  It was just ok.  -All of the dishes went nicely with the well-priced bottle of chianti we shared.  The place makes a good espresso as well.I enjoyed our meal here, although my incredibly high expectations/desires for my cacio e pepe may taint my review a bit.  I wouldn't go here expecting the most gourmet food or the elegant setting.  But, the atmosphere was festive, the food was solid, and the service was good.
5	I'm actually surprised this place doesn't have a higher rating. I had the chef's antipasti tasting with the accompanying wine tasting, and it was excellent. The cheese and meat plates had great variety and I particularly liked the cherry sauce and apricots that came with the cheese. The verdure was farro, roasted beets with saba, and an eggplant caponata. All three had good flavor and texture, nice balance of flavors. The arancine and frittelle di proscuitto were good, but the fried cauliflower was excellent even though it sounds plain. I'm not a huge fan of raddiccio, but it was served grilled with smoked mozzarella and it was fabulous. The biscotti was also pretty good.The wines were great, although I can't remember all of their names. They paired wonderfully with the food. The house made amaro was great with the biscotti.Tip: ask for olive oil with your bread. it's from italy and it tastes amazing - very fruity and fresh. It was also nice to eat the meal and enjoy the opera show and the string quartet provided by the hotel since we ate in the courtyard area.
3	Enoteca San Marco is set in St Mark's Square, albeit a tiny and sad version. However, you've got to love the cheesy Caesar's Palace imitation sky! We started with their selection of sliced meats. All of the classics were there and surprising really excellent quality. They went very well with a nicely priced Chianti. Unfortunately those were the stars of the show. We followed with two classic Italian pasta dishes. Cacio e Pepe and Bucatini Amatriciana. Both were mediocre and lacked the bold flavors that these dishes are typically known for. Maybe they were toning them down for their diverse clientele, unfortunately they missed the mark. Otherwise the service was good, except when he was talking and a bit of spit shot at me and hit me in the face! This was an accident, but what do you do? If you immediately swipe at your face he will know it touched down in an unfortunate spot. Do you leave it there until he walks away to avoid the awkward moment? So I froze. He quickly departed after that and I was clear to casually take care of the situation.
4	Had an absolutely fantastic lunch at Batali's  Enoteca San Marco! The food was outstanding.  My husband enjoyed the meatball dish and I had the cavatappi which was truly extraordinary.   One of the best dishes I had during our time in Vegas.  Service was so-so, seemed a little rushed for a 1/2 empty place.   We dined at B&B Ristorante last year and surprisingly found Enoteca San Marco to be a much much better experience food wise!
5	Our business group came here for dinner afterwards and had a lot to drink. A wonderful selection on imported wines, full bar, and a good selection of food (Albeit the portions are somewhat lacking).Overall, it was a great experience, the location and decor is nice, and the service is top notch.
1	We're on our way back from Vegas but I couldn't wait till I got home to review this spot because I can't get over how bad it was. We just wanted a place to grab a light lunch because we had had a huge dinner the night before. We decided to go with a simple burata caprese with the margherita pizza. The burata was good, but the tomatoes that came with it were exactly like those canned, peeled tomatoes - no joke. BIG let down. Then the pizza came. When they first brought it to the table I said, "I hope it tastes better than it looks." Lol. Oh boy. Well, the crust was thin and crispy (that part was good) but the sauce was, I kid you not, canned tomato paste. Soooooo awful. I have been to Batali's Mozza in LA as well as his awesome restaurant Babbo in NYC so I don't get how Batali could put his name on this restaurant! For a $50 lunch, this place was a complete waste of the money.
5	I seriously dream about this place, and talk about it to people weekly!My husband and I had such an amazing expierence here on our honeymoon. The waiter came over and was super nice and found out it was our honeymoon, and then the manager came over and chatted with us and suggest a few meals to share. We had this braised pork that just melted in your mouth, it was just amazing. Our appitizer the cauliflower fritte (friend cauliflower) was just like my Italian grandmothers. Batali, my secret celeb crush, (silly i know) wasn't there, but had cookbooks you could buy signed, which sadly I didnt get, but will next time we go out in Aug.Our bill was only 110.00 for the two of us, with an appitizer and some good wine, and 3 entrees we shared. It was well worth it, and an unbeatable price I thought.. The manager actually gave us some dessert wine to try for free, and it was a great after dinner treat. With the sky ceilings (a little cheesy I will admit) and the guys playing music outside, it was like we weren't  even in Vegas! must go. must go. must go!
3	Came here on a whim with friends in town. It was inside the shopping area of the Venetian, which can be a pro or con. In my case, I was a bit annoyed with the singers and dancers near the table. The food selection can be divided into two groups: pizza or pasta. What the hey it is Mario Batali's joint. I had the Penne pasta with roasted eggplant, tomato sauce, and a touch of ricotta cheess on top. It was a disappointment. Nothing too awful to ingest, but fell short of what should've tasted like good Italian pasta. I would not come here for good Italian. It caters to hungry tourists that's about it.
1	On our fancy night out in Vegas, we went to Mario Batali's Enoteca San Marco in the Venetian, and I don't think I've ever experienced service this bad.We waited for our table for about half an hour before we were seated towards the front of the restaurant. The bus boy pretty much waited on us throughout our entire meal. We probably met the, might I mention, "rude" waiter only once briefly to give us cold and burnt bread and take our order. After that, he disappeared. No one there came by to fill up our water glasses, no one came by to give us our check, no one even asked how our meal was.We ordered the vongole pizza with clams, mozzerella and chili and the rigatoni with roasted cauliflower ragu, chili, rosemary. I do admit the pizza was good. It had the crispy thin crust that I like. But, the pasta was a disappointment. It was luke warm and had no presentation what-so-ever. It looks like the chef just threw it on a plate and called it a day.Et all, I was very disappointed with the restaurant. On my last night in Vegas, I was hoping to have a nice fancy meal, but ended up at a restaurant where they treat you like crap and serve you crappy food.
4	Returned to Enoteca on my most recent visit to Vegas and I have to say that they did not disappoint. Efficient and friendly service, consistently good food, pleasant atmosphere...We had eaten at Spago a couple of days earlier and by far, the pizza at Enoteca outshines Wolfgang Puck's pizza... The pastas we ordered were all phenomenal. Bucatini all'amatriciana - the tomato sauce is so simple yet so flavorful and the pasta is perfectly al dente. my favorite was my friend's roasted cauliflower ragu rigatoni with rosemary, red pepper flakes and romano cheese. So creamy and flavorful. I wish I could find the recipe even though I doubt I could ever replicate it..  If you are eating at 1pm, you can watch the little show that gets put on in the square where there's some singing, juggling and other acts. Kind of neat.My only complaint? They need to get new plates. They are VERY worn and scratched up and at first I thought my plate was dirty before realizing it was just really old and needs replacing... Not very pleasant.  Maybe they're going for the rustic look, but it's not working - they just look like they're being cheap and refusing to change out the plates.
4	This was like a Lisa-Enoteca reunion night last night.  When I came to LV to interview for a job, my dad and I went here for his birthday...then I took my brother here when I moved, then my parents when they visited..and then I took over a 2 year hiatus...it was good and then props to Kurt for my restaurant.com coupon, I made my reservation and my boyfriend and I had an instant date!We had so much food, and wayyyy too much fennel (but it was delicious) - my bf never had it before (sheltered?!) and we joked because they had candied fennel on the dessert menu.Our waiter was helpful.  We had a bottle of Prosecco Flor, and 5 cheeses (I am now into burrata mmm) with the brandied cherries omg amazing....roasted beets, fennel salad with pomegranate seeds/orange segments/fronds, the fried anchovy-mozzarella sandwich, veal-ricotta meatballs....sooo much and sooo good!No room for dessert.  Pricey but worth the treat after all this time (and the $25 off)!  I would go back for a special occasion!
4	I stopped in for lunch and enjoyed some appetizers. The cheese sampler with the truffle honey is excellent. I found the service to be a little slow, but it does allow more time to watch tourist stare up at the ceiling in awe.
3	after 1 visit during lunch serviceambience B+ located in the venetian hotel, i wasn't all that happy about the gondoliers, and all the entertainment happening just outside of where i was dining. service B- reminded me of some of the sub-par service i get in utah. waiting a long time for my check, and a not-so-helpful server who, for some reason, was never around when i needed him.food B+ meh. i've had better. the gelato, however, was very delicious. almost made up for the bad service.Acetaia "Vinegar Maker's Salad" just enough vinegar to wake up the palette.bucatini all'amatricianatomato, cured pork, onion  $18why this dish was $18 i'll never know. if you enjoy red onion, this is your dish. for me, would have been better as a carbonara. oh well. still delicious, and simple.
2	Oh Mario Batali....you know I've adore you from your early days on the Food Network in your little kitchen where you spoke so passionately about Italian food (and made me think what does this chubby red headed guy know about Italy? but won me over and made me yearn to be sitting on the counter eating your food!). I heart your pudgy love for food! So boy was I excited to try out one of your restaurants in hopes I would be transported to the counter of your old tv show.Sadly...I was transported to just another overpriced, overrated restaurant. Don't get me wrong - I'm willing to pay the big bucks as long as it's worth it. But my gawd...could the portions be any smaller? Not just that but the seasoning was all over the place. The spicy spaghetti (and what the heck about those meatballs? those are child's size!) was way salty. My grilled albacore was way overcooked and salty. But the seafood pasta was super bland. And another thing...what's up with this new trend I see in restaurants of serving bread in wrapping paper. 1. Stop killing trees unnecessarily in an attempt to look cool...oooh unwrap your break like a gift. No thank you. 2. Don't be so stingy with the bread. I'm sorry if your little plate of food was not enough and I needed more sustenance. 3. Why am I begging for olive oil and balsamic...for the price we paid you better pour it with a smile on your face! Mario...you can do better than this. You ain't a big boy for nothing...I know you can cook but this place did not show that at all!
3	Had a quick dinner here. Bread came wrapped in paper, which was kind of weird. The shape reminded me of taco shells at first. The breadstick came in a plastic wrapped thing reminiscent of those wet paper towels you get at restaurants when you order lobster or crab.Gemelli: house sausage, broccoli rabe ($18)- not too salty, pretty goodCavatappi: lamb ragu, mint, tomato ($21)- a little salty, lamb was good, dish was overall a little oily. The pasta portions are pretty big. We didn't order any pizza, but the pizza at the next table looked pretty large, too. Service was fast and friendly. Definitely worth checking out at least once if you're at the Venetian/Palazzo.
2	Rating this place is difficult as there are such wide variances of the food and service. First the bad....The service was absolutely atrocious...after the initial good start when our waiter explained the menu, it went downhill very quick...they never made wine suggestions , never once came by to see how the meal was and I felt like we needed to flag someone down for any type of service at all....this made me extremely angry no matter how good the food was.The food overall was up and down...We ordered 2 fried appetizers...the Arancine and the Frittelle di Prosciutto...both were a bit salty and were tiny! For $16 we received 4 of each but they were each a little larger than a quarter....the Arancine we liked better but would not order either again. The dinners were good...The braised pork shoulder was delicious but the Pasta Norma (Pasta, Ricotta and Eggplant) was good but it contained very little Eggplant but had a nice flavor.The bread was pretty good but again, our servers did not offer any olive oil or other condiments to go with it, as I guess you need to know to ask for that. So I had to rate this 2 stars due to the extremely poor service and would not consider returning. We are in Vegas quite often and have eaten at most of the Venetian Restaurants but this would NOT be one that I could recommend.
1	food: two stars (* *)Rarely am I disappointed eating at an Italian restaurant of any caliber.  Sadly, this "Enoteca" failed to deliver.  I split the special salad with my fellow diner, which was grilled radicchio with mozzarella melted on top.  The waiter gushed about it as if this salad, conceptually, had changed the culinary arts forever.  What we received was chopped grilled radicchio smothered in about twice as much cheese as was necessary and drizzled with some balsamic.  It was tasty but sloppily executed.  The pasta dish we ordered, Bucatini all'Amatriciana, was about 1/4lb of pasta with a light tomato sauce and (no joke) 3 tiny pieces of cured pork and 4 tiny pieces of chopped onion on it.  It was as tasty as any pasta you would order at Olive Garden, and vastly overpriced.environment/service: one star (*)This service was some of the worst I have ever received at a restaurant of this caliber.  We waited for our table, were seated and left out to dry for 10 minutes.  Finally, a waiter dropped off some bread and bread sticks encased in paper, with nothing to put on it (butter, olive oil).  Eventually our main waiter came to the table, where I had to ask to have him bring olive oil, vinegar and salt and pepper to the table.  We ordered, and that was the last we saw him until I had to flag him down to get our check.  Nobody, from him, to the wine opener, to the other servers who delivered our plates, was friendly or passionate about their jobs.  Dirty plates sat on the table after eating for about 15 minutes.  The fact that they added a 20% "service" charge onto the bill was offensive.  The environment, a cliche Venetian "plaza," was pure Vegas--all style and no substance.value: one star (*)Any pasta dish priced above $18 (especially for 1/4lb of pasta) better be pretty damn good.  This wasn't.  It was obscenely overpriced, like much of the food in Vegas.  The salad was about $15, which was high for one chopped vegetable with cheese melted on top.  The 20% service charge was the last straw, especially given the abysmal service.average offood: two starsenvironment/service: one starvalue: one star================averaged grand total: one starestimated price per person (excluding drink):$30-40would i recommend it to others?Absolutely not.  Sadly, you may not have many other comparable choices if you are trapped in the Vegas hotel labyrinth.would i return?No.
2	spent $56 on 3 drinks -_- i ordered the blood orange cosmo as the waiter suggested it. when i got it, it was good, but not exceptional. other drinks ordered was a white wine (forgot which one) and a bellini. i think the bellini was only 6oz. very small for $14!i might come back here next time to try the food, but it's pretty pricey for drinks!
3	I came here for dinner before going to see Garth Brooks *YAY - a BIG 5 heartfelt Yelp stars go to Garth Brooks!* I have to say, the food was good, but not memorable.  Having been blessed with all of the Bay Area-n goodness that abounds - from the doorways of well traveled North Beach cafes to tiny tables in hidden neighborhood trattorias - Enoteca San Marco just didn't really stand out.   I had the Bucatini All'Amatriciana which was good, a little salty, but good.  The Gnocco Fritto - as much as I heart all things fried, these little doughy snake-shaped fried breads were a little much - after two or three, I was pretty much done. Very rich and filling. Perhaps the best part of the meal was a bite of the caramel gelato that came out for my bestie's birthday(not compliments of the house, but candlelit nevertheless).  The gelato was velvety and smooth, not overly sweet.  Skip the cinnamon gelato, it reminded me of what the milk tastes like after finishing up some Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal (unless you like that).  Our waiter was slow and inattentive.  The other people (guy bringing us water, other people's waiters) seemed to be more concerned with our dining experience than our waiter. Ambience - I like the simplicity of the restaurant, but the overwhelming glare of Las Vegas tends to flood the 'outdoor' seating area. You see tourists wheel by with their suitcases, hear the opera singers performing thirty feet away in the open forum, and catch the occasional stare of passers by, trying to indiscreetly discern the contents of your pasta. It was fun once, but I will see what else Las Vegas has to offer next time.
4	Do not get why they only have 3 and a half stars in average.  I think they deserve at least 4 as my experience was fantastic.I am a very big Mario Battali fan and this restaurant absolutely met my expectations.  The pizza is fantastic, the ingredients are fresh and flavorful.  The menu items are simple yet delicious.   Great job on the ice cream!!!
1	Shame on you, Mario Batali. I'm not a huge fan of yours, nor do I watch your programs on Food Network, but you ought to be embarrassed with slapping your name on this joke of a casual Italian eatery. We called ahead for reservations and were seated inside of ten minutes after arriving, and soon after were greeted by our supposed waiter, "Rafael" [1], who placed a dry, paper-wrapped piece of bread on the table, along with a store-bought pack of dry bread sticks - the thin, cracker kind. Unopened. In the pack. I hope they kept the receipt. The bread was accompanied by zero condiments. No butter. No olive oil. Only after flagging someone down and asking were we brought olive oil and balsamic - by a completely different server, by the way. From this server we ordered the most bland three-cheese plate we've ever tried. Three completely boring and uninspired  wedges that basically served as nothing more than vehicles to get the (admittedly good) "local" honey into my mouth. From yet another server, we ordered our dinner. Crispy duck for me, and a prosciutto and arugala flatbread pizza for Bonnie. While we waited (and waited...) with *zero* attention, the table next to us, having been seated afterwards and full of young women, was being attended to by our original waiter with frequency. If our table had been traded away to another server, we certainly were not notified.My duck was alright - I'm guessing it was simply deep fried and thrown on my plate, as creativity was lacking. Bonnie's flatbread was the worst we've ever had. Arugala and prosciutto can be a very interesting and strong-tasting combination. Not this one. I'm not sure where they get their meats, but this was about as bland as I've ever tasted. We were through with this place, and just wanted to go. Not *once* did our server come over since seating us (and yes, he was our waiter, not just a captain). We then proceeded to wait for about 15 to 20 minutes, clearly finished with our meals. We were seriously considering just leaving, that's how insulted we were by the lack of attention. Especially given that the table right next to us was getting tons of it from our waiter, and we sat, ready for our check, ignored. Finally, we were able to flag our waiter down (after multiple tries with him nearly running past us) and asked for our check. Bonnie and I are both generous tippers. This tip? $0. Noted as such on the check: "A tip requires service." An absolute joke of a restaurant, especially if Batali is attaching his name to it. [1] Rafael my ass. Giving your pasty-white waiter an Italian sounding name doesn't give you authenticity or class. Or good service, for that matter. No doubt his real name was Joe.
4	We just revisited last weekend and again had a wonderful time with a bottle of wine, a nice selection of cheese and a corner table that allows for great place to watch the people at the hotel.  What a great way to spend an afternoon.
2	I was quite disappointed by how this meal turned out. After feeling like a million bucks from playing a heater at craps, we all decided to go for a nicer dinner in the Venetian. We settled on this restaurant because the prices were decent for the variety of food they offered. I was never a big fan of Mario Batali, but when I do think of him, I think that he would (should) know Italian food. We were quickly seated at a round table enough to fit a large group, which was nice. The service was top notch as we were quickly given paper-wrapped bread (nice and soft) and some thin bread sticks. The waiter was also very enthusiastic to help us take a picture. My sights quickly turned to the menu, but I didn't really see anything stand out so I settled on something that I know and love - pizza. All the other pizzas were your standard so I decided to try something different - clams. What came out was extremely disappointing. I can't believe they would offer a pizza that tasted like this at this type of restaurant. The cheese was very rubbery and the clams were still in their shells (probably for presentation, but not very practical at all). The clams were tiny and didn't provide the pizza with any flavor. All I tasted was extreme saltiness. The clams were not even cleaned because I felt gritty sand between my teeth, which is one of the worst feelings to have when eating. I didn't even taste the chili that was supposed to be on the pizza. Overall, it lacked substance and flavor. I tried some other pizzas including the prosciutto arugula and the margherita both of which were better. I think my favorite was the margherita with the basil. I probably would have had a better time eating at another buffet for dinner.
4	My favorite restaurant in Vegas!  Their menu is seasonal and takes of advantage of local produce - just a wonderful slow food movement type of restaurant. The charcuterie is soooo good.  And the cheese selection is the best I've had bar none, served with honey (local, good job!) & truffles, cherries, and apricot.  I'm in HEAVEN! The best part is walking in and leaving the ordering to the them.  It feels so amazing to be taken care of, from some bubbly to open our pallets to amazing amarone's and aperitif with/after dessert, all paired perfectly with our meal.  I indicated as $$$ because you can order a la carte or a complete 4-course meal, so you decide how much you want to spend. It's been a few months...time to go back!
2	Prociutto was yummy.Veal meatballs were awesome.Good starters but the reason we came here was for the pizza.  Never again...Pizza - took one bite and that was it - yuk - among the worst ever - it was crunchy - like biting into a cracker.  Batali should be ashamed of himself.
4	Great Italian restaurant & Awesome Dessert - Perfect before the Blue Man Group show, if you want to sit down with a group, or if you want to grab a scoop of freshly made GelatoI have had the Tasting Menu with a large party and the food just continued to come out....we got to experience most of the menu and a bunch of items such as meat and cheese tasting that we mixed with our wine. My favorite dish is the Sausage & Pepperoni Pizza. They also make fresh Gelato daily that is outstanding! So if you don't want to have dinner - you can still grab an excellent fresh dessert.
4	Eating here was such a delight. Mario Batali exceeded my expectations.  There were a few surprises but the Italian food was phenomenal. The part that made me give this start a four star rating was the bread they gave us. The bread was individually wrapped and burnt. Also, they gave bread sticks which created unnecessary mess on the table. I was hoping for an explanation but that is still yet to be discovered. My friends and I started off with 7 cheeses which were phenomenal with the black truffle honey, black cherry sauce, and apricot they offered to pair with the cheese. I would highly suggest getting cheese if you love it at all. As entrees I had the Braised Pork Shoulder which seems to be his specialty in this restaurant.  It was very tender and the cucumbers pair amazingly well with the pork. My friends also got Lamb Ribs which were also great. The Radicchio and balsamic that went with this dish was amazing and Veal and Ricotta Meatballs which tasted mediocre and were just three huge meatballs. The service was wonderful and our server provided us with menus, breadsticks, and place mats which were very interesting. The timeliness was precise because we did notify the host that we had a 7pm showing and we were able to eat at 5:15 and leave by 6:15. In conclusion it was a great experience and a lovely time in the middle of the Venetian.
4	I can't believe some of the reviews i just read, i can't help but think most of the 1 and 2 star reviewers would be better served getting soup salad and breadsticks at Olive GardenThe menu at Enoteca makes for one of the best Italian restaurants in all of Vegas, the cheeses with Honey, Cherries, and Apricots make one of the best cheese selections in all of Vegas.I've had about half the menu by now and haven't had one disappointing dish, but my favorite part of dinner is digestifs and dessert. Nothing beats the olive oil gelato with blood orange sorbet, try it with the 50 year old balsamic vinegar!
3	We were in a city surrounded by all kinds of fancy restaurants yet my husband wanted nothing but a simple pizza.  We went to the Venetian, figured its Italian theme would lead us to some simulacrum of pizzeria.  Passing a few gondolas we were at the "plaza" where Wolfgang Puck's Postrio and Mario Batali's Enoteca San Marco were next to each other.  As far as we know, Batali is Italian and Puck is not.  That was an easy decision.We had a nice seat where we could easily hear the "street performance".  The bread, unlike most restaurants, came in a bag instead of a basket.  The olive oil was better than the bread, and the breadsticks imported from Italy were nothing special.  After studying the menu, my husband got a sausage pizza and I was attracted to the unusual mozzarella-and-clam pizza; we also decided to share a duel appetizer: butternut squash fries and prostitute fritter.  The food was served promptly: the deep fried appetizer was interesting but a little bit greasy and salty to my taste; the clams on my pizza were rubbery, the pizza itself was dry and did not have much flavor (except for one clam tasted funny); luckily, the fat and salt in the sausage made his pizza quite tasty-- also made him extremely thirsty.It was an ok lunch, and the price seemed to be somewhat reasonable for Las Vegas.  Will we spend a hundred dollars on a "simple" pizza lunch there again?  Probably not.
4	My friend is a huge food fanatic and knows her chefs. I love yelping and I love good food but I'm not that knowledgeable in who's who in the chef world. I'm really glad she opened my eyes though. I might take more notice on certain chef's in the future and where their restaurants are located.This Italian place is a typical semi high-end restaurant. The service is fantastic and classy. The menu isn't gigantic but the quality of each food is prepared with exquisite taste and thought. The food is very good but a bit on the pricier end. Your definitely paying more because it's Vegas and it's a famous chef's restaurant.They also have an array of gelato's to try with some pretty unique flavors. I will have to come back just for that alone. Overall, it was a pleasant experience but I would only come back if I felt like splurging a bit. It's a bit pricey for the amount of food your getting.
3	You are paying pricey money to sit in a Disney like San Marco mock up in Venetian.  If you are a foodie, and I am, its a gimic.Trust me, go to Venice, and have the REAL thing.Dont get trapped into another celebrity chef Mario Batali coined restaurant.  I've had so many better italian restaurants in SF and in Italy without spending a ton of $ for a little food.The best thing in restaurant is the bread (crusty, crunchy, warm, individually wrapped), and the waitor told me that even though he and many patrons loves it too, its no longer going to be offered.Will not return as it is basically another Disney "Blue Bayou" restaurant knock off at +200% the cost.The linguini with mussel (saffron and tarragon sauce) had 1/2 cup of linguini and 5 mussels for $25.  I am close to replicating this recipee, only needing fresh pasta to match.Its all about location, location, location right?If so, go, be part of the tourist IN crowd... if you are a true foodie, its not worth the trip or the cost.
4	Made my second visit here this past weekend and once again had a wonderful time. We had a bottle of Pinot, the Grilled Skirt Streak, and the Pesto Pasta. Everything tasted wonderful and the service was good. Last time i was here we had the cheese plate and meat plate....both were awesome.
4	Ah, Enoteca San Marco! Went here for our first wedding anniversary. This is Mario Batali's "cheaper" Las Vegas restaurant at the Venetian. We arrived at 7:30 and were seated promptly, in the "outside" section overlooking "Venice". Our server came out with some bread and took our drink orders. A $17 dollar glass of wine was ordered and was very very good! Our server returned to take our food orders. I ordered Ravioli with cauliflower sauce and chliis. Michelle ordered a pasta with sausage and broccoli pieces. Both dishes were amazingly fresh and tasted home made. This was the best Italian food I have had in a very long time. They also had appetizers of cheese and meat that you can order that looked like they were to die for! Service was excellent and attentive throughout the meal. Dessert consisted of gellato or little pies in a coffee cup. We opted for gelatto. I had the Olive Oil and raspberry gelatto, and Michelle went with the Vanilla Bean gelatto. Olive oil gelatto is the most amazing thing in the world. It tastes like eating a very sweet buttery vanilla ice cream. Awesome!! With the fine quality of wine, food, and dessert, I have made this place a must every time I go to Vegas! Awesome job Mario Batali!
2	We went to ESM to celebrate a grad school graduation tonight.  Expectations were high, as we've been a big fan of Mario Batali's recipes for some time now.  The evening started out well enough with prompt seating in a comfortably quiet area.Our server soon noticed the lack of music, and the Cure started playing just loud enough to make the 6 of us need to raise our voices to communicate.  We were promised focaccia bread before our wine order, and my mother in law was served 125ml of wine, though assured a new bottle would be opened and she'd receive the other 125ml.  After placing our salad and dinner order, we had to remind our server to bring both, which he eventually did.I had the braised pork shoulder and my father had the chicken paillard, which were both excellent.  The pasta was fresh, though my wife found hers to be a bit bland and heavier than she's used to.  My father in law's pizza was ok.About half way through dinner, I would have liked another glass of wine, but no one had come around in a while.  By the end of the meal, I really would have liked more water, too.Our server magically reappeared to take dessert orders, with which we all ordered coffee.  I was certain by then that he had noticed the lack of water and I would be replenished.  It is the desert.Desert came, all good gelati and sorbets.  I asked for water.  As we finished, the manager(?) brought us the bill.  I do not know where our waiter went or why we hadn't gotten our coffee or a single refill on water.  He came back and said there was a glitch and comped our coffees.  I asked for water again, which eventually arrived with the coffee.  Since we were a party of 6, there was an automatic 20% gratuity.The food was good, but it could not outshine the lack of service.  I usually discount poor service reviews, as I think it's a pretty individualized experience.  But, as someone who has worked in all types of restaurants, I find it telling that multiple staff members need to be reminded several times to bring bread, water, coffee, and the remainder of what was ordered.  Our server absolutely disappeared for all intents and purposes.  So why am I paying 20%, which is a pretty good tip? If we had been a smaller group and gotten this kind of service, he'd be lucky to get 10%.Save your money.  There are a lot of restaurants here that would like your business and can provide equally good food, like Rosemary's.  We will not return to San Marco.
4	I decided to drop by Enoteca San Marco since I had a coupon from Restaurant.com and I wanted to try their pizza since the pics looked really good on yelp.  Plus, it's my first Batali joint.I had a late lunch here so it wasn't really that busy which was nice since I didn't have to wait long to get seated and be served.  Find the place alone was an adventure as it's really deep into the back of the Grand Canal Shoppes at St. Mark's Square, where they have performers doing shows every 15 mins or so.  I had a nice table side seat to watch while I was eating.Since the coupon had at 2 pizza/entree minimum requirement, I knew I was in for gluttonfest.  I ordered the gemelli pasta with housemade sausage and broccoli rabe and a pizza with pancetta, caramelized onions, and goat cheese.  The gemelli was really good.  I liked the sausage and I'm always a sucker for broccoli rabe.  The pizza was good too, but I underestimated how strong the goat cheese was gonna be so by the third slice I scraped the rest off.  Service was great too, although I had a waiter switch in the middle, but it was no biggie.Overall, it's a great place to have lunch if you have time to stop by.  Not bad for my first Batali joint.  4 Stars!
5	can i begin to tell you how much i LOVE this place?here's the key to enjoying food here......go out on a limb. try something different. you will be shocked at how unreal the food is.we started with a cheese tasting and meat tray of just prosciutto di parma. i'm still dreaming about it. yeah, it was that good. you get 3 cheese accompaniments which are brandy soaked cherries, apricot, and truffled honey. then they give you foccacia bread so you can go to town. all the flavors, sweet, salty, creamy....AHHHHH! it really was deeeelicious. we split a goat cheese, pancetta and caramelized onion pizza. very VERY good! the pancetta was so yummy.for lunch we had the rigatoni with pork belly and swiss chard, and the veal and ricotta meatballs. *sigh* it's like we were transported to Italy. seriously, these flavors were so well thought out, you go through a journey with each bite. it's like nothing you've had at an Italian restaurant. everything cooked to perfection and such unique combinations that had us continually saying with every forkful..."wow".all that AND it's laid back. it has a great wine menu and who doesn't love eating in st. mark's square?
5	The food here is awesome. The place is right in the middle of the San Marcos square so theres plenty of stuff going on not to mention plenty of eye candy walking around.My favorite thing is here is the cheeses. you choose a certain number of cheeses and they bring them out honey, these little cherries and something else..but it's SOOOO good.
2	Score: 2.5  I don't think Mario Batali would be happy with our experience. The setting is gorgeous: a faux Piazza San Marco that is always sunny, but not hot, and only one well behaved pigeon. The cafe, itself is charming with faux outdoor seating and a magnificent refrigerated tower for cheese and salumi. If only the food and service matched this santized version of Venice, we would be singing its praises.The service is the poster child for LVSS (Las Vegas Service Syndrome -- "I will never see you again, so you are just an annoyance that must be dealt with" -- they do not rely upon regulars like most restaurants). The hostess exuded boredom as we approached her station. Our server was sluggish, coughed incessantly, was unfamiliar with the cheeses, and generally could care less. Being in the industry, we were appalled. We tried being extra nice, but no amount of warmth could encourage a glint of caring.The food is pretty good. They use quality ingredients, but again, no one really cares or has passion for food. The pizza is OK, but not wood fired. The pasta (I had the bucatini) was good but nothing exciting. We ordered a portion of wine listed as 250ml which is about 8oz and it was not even close. This could be excusable if the prices were not so high.I do not suggest this place. Mario Batali has some fine restaurants, but this is not one of them.
4	Iron Chef America (Food Network) is one of my favorite shows... I've been lucky to see some of them do some demos live (Chef Morimoto, Chef Symon, Chef Garces). I've also been lucky to have my first and second Iron Chef restaurant experience at Chef Garce's Mercat a la Planxa ( http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=mjOKUSdIqxFPSYMB-MmS9g&q=mercat ). Amazing! Last day in Vegas, almost ready to head to the airport, my friends and I decided to have one last nice lunch. My friend was craving Italian so we went to the Venetian... after looking at several restaurant menus, she picked ENOTECA San Marco I immediately smiled, this is Iron Chef Batali's restaurant - another for my "collection" :p We were seated almost immediately, love that it gives the illusion of outside seating, and you get to enjoy the hotel performances while there. You also have the option of seating at the "bar", which also gives you view to the performances. They start by bringing you some cracker/bread sticks & water. Then comes your server to get your drink order and let you know about the day's specials. Wine list is extensive and some are even serve starting at 2oz in case you want to do a sampling... Then a bread basket is brought to the table, and let me tell you, you will have to apply a lot of self control to only have one. It's warm, fool of flavor and it complements anything you order perfectly. We all ordered something different so we could try more things. I had the Gemelli and it was good, LOVED that it had spinach and broccoli mixed in with the pasta. But the best one I would have to say was the Penne alla Norma, if I'm ever back (and I wish I am) I'll order this. Staff was very friendly, and very good at making suggestions. They made sure we had everything we needed and that we enjoyed our meal and time there. It's a beautiful place to go have a nice, relaxing meal. Another great Iron Chef experience.
1	My pasta was cold and the server told me I didn't need peccorino on it because I already had ricotta (cold too), I was just trying to improve the taste. Raised by Italian parents and grand parents and not to impressed! Service , they don't really seem to care since you may never come back anyway. Inflight food is the same , blend and cold. All that for $ 16 a plate Mr Mario Battali needs to try his own food once in a while! Or send some spyes :) Not very Italian.... Just the name :(
5	This was my favorite meal in Vegas and I was really impressed with the food.Ordered a three cheese platter (Burrata, Parmigiano Reggiano, and Mozzarella di Bufala) with delicious condiments, black truffled honey, apricots, and the most amazing - brandied cherries! Seriously, my life will not be the same after tasting these.We shared a Margherita pizza which was made with a wonderfully fresh tasting sauce and a crisp crust and the Rigatoni with pork belly which was perfectly al dente and so satisfying. Also ordered a side of roasted cauliflower, very nutty tasting. The ambiance and people watching were great - the fake plaza makes you feel like you're in Italy! The service was okay enough. Our server was super friendly but kind of slow. Still, the food made up for it.My first Batali experience and I loved it! I cannot wait to go to Otto or Babbo!
5	Hands down one of my favorite places in vegas to eat. For the money you can't get a better value. I took 11 customers here for dinner and I ordered for everyone. They all left the place smiling ear to ear. Great wines, they cure meats and Olives there. I had Stuffed Zucchini flowers!!!!!!   Everyone was so impressed that I ordered all these things they never had before. Mario knows what he is doing. A must have is the Rigatoni with the Cauliflower Ragu....   UNREAL. Go there!
5	out of all the food network chefs, i wanted to try mario batali's restaurant first from the las vegas area.  and he did not disappoint us!wifey started off with a drink made from fresh strawberries and raspberries, a splash of sparkling water, and grappa.  YUMMY!!!  it was very refreshing and perfect for a lunchtime beverage.we started off by ordering a cheese platter consisting of 3 different types...instead of choosing, we asked our server to pick out her top 3.  i have no clue what they're called...but all 3 were awesome!  we were also served focaccia bread with 3 sides...brandied cherries, truffled honey, and dried apricots with chile.  the truffled honey was my absolute favorite!  i wanted to order a carne platter also...but that would just be too much food for us...i couldn't help but stare at the other tables around us that did order the variety of meats...and i loved how the workers in the middle of the restaurant were slicing cheeses and meats right in front of us.  that definitely made it a very personalized experience!so we decided to order one pasta platter...and one meat platter.  we ordered the veal bolognese which was the special of the day...and i'm such a sucker for meatballs...so we ordered the veal meatballs also.  my goodness, the pasta was cooked perfectly al dente...olive garden, macaroni grill, and all those other chain pasta restaurants need to learn exactly what al dente is...mario's definitely mastered the art of cooking the perfect pasta.  the sauce that came along with it was perfect...light, simple, and flavorful...pretty dang close to what they serve in italy.  the veal meatballs were the best meatballs i have ever had!!!  they were moist, seasoned perfectly, and the duo of sauces on the plate complemented them perfectly.  gosh. everything was so yummy.  for dessert, we ordered the china ranch date...tempura dates, vanilla bean gelato, and local honey.  i've never had fried dates before...and i was sooooo sad when we ran out!  the gelato is made fresh at the restaurant...perfect consistency...the service was perfect.  our server had personality, suave, and was definitely on top of things.  kudos to her.i am now on a mission to try all of mario batali's restaurants...he is truly...an iron chef!  haha.
2	this place was below expectation. we ate across at wolfgang puck's the day before, the food was delicious. my friends had amazing pastas and we decided to try mario batali's restaurant the next day. the pasta was disappointing. it was under cooked, I think the waiter said I have to ask for al dente, I wonder if I heard him right. anyways, it was just not as good as the freshly made pasta at wolfgang puck's. we ordered two pasta and they were both under-cooked. my other friends ordered dessert and coffee, nothing spectacular about it, which is disappointed when the restaurant is named after an iron chef.
2	It started off so well. The Insalata Crudo was fantastic as a starter. That was as good as it got, except that I liked my wine. My wife ordered the Spaghetti Carbonara, a favorite of hers. The pasta was under done. As I told the server, it was about 30-60 seconds from being al dente. The rest of the dish was kind of weak, too. So we sent it back. The second attempt was far better, but was also very salty. I ordered a pizza - Pancetta and Goat cheese. I thought hell, he's got Mozza here in LA and the specialty there is pizza (have never been, though). I thought the crust was uninteresting, the sauce reminiscent of canned sauces, and the overall pizza too salty even taking into account the pancetta.If I were to go back, I think I would go after the antipasti... the meats, cheeses, and fried stuff. People having those items seemed to be having better luck.Service was also uneven and it wasn't just us. It will be a while before I forgive the disappointment and try again.
3	Food 4 starsService 2 starsOverall 3 starsWe walked in around 3pm and were immediately seated. Our waiter was very prompt in providing us menus and taking our orders. We ordered a pizza and two desserts.  That's when our waiter disappeared.We probably waited 30 minutes to try to get someone's attention to settle the check and pay our bill. Thank goodness we had no where important to rush to.The dessert here was good though. We had the strawberry yogurt and the chocolate almond cake and gelato. Both were yummie but I prefer the chocolate almond cake and gelato.
5	I can here two years ago while visting vegas and had to come back. the atomosphere is amazing as well as the food and the service! anything you order is great but i reccoment the pork chops.. i dont even like pork but it was the most amazing thing ive ever had! You also have to try the Belini and Blood Orange drinks they are amazing!!! There is not one thing wrong with this place and I will keep coming back!
2	First let me say Mario Battali is one of my favorite chefs. I went to his pizzeria mozza in LA and it was delicious. I am still waiting to get a table at Osteria mozza so when I saw he had this restaurant in Vegas I knew I wanted to go. It was a green certified restaurant and when I looked at the menu online, everything sounded divine.I wish I could say the food was actually as good as it sounded on the menu. The restaurant itself is very nice, it is located inside the Venetian and I loved the setting, the lighting, the decor and even the plating. Foodwise, I ordered the friday special of braised beef panini. It was disappointing because it was dry and the pork was rather hard. It didn't seem fresh but rather as if it was frozen and just heated up and served. I also got the three cheese platter of goat cheese, mozzarella and parmesan. This was delicious, it was served with cherries, apricot and honey and the cheese and the sweet fruits and honey went along perfectly. Sadly, the cheese plate was the only good thing from dinner. My friend got the duck it was overly salty and also kind of dry. Their pizzas again seem as if they were just frozen and heated, in addition they came out cold. Maybe I just went on a bad day but I am not a fan and I had higher expectations.
2	We had dinner "outside" under the painted clouds and it was really nice. The food was ok and the service was slow. We had 4 waiters stop by before we were told which one was our actual waiter. The service is very slow considering how many waiters are running around, but I am happy they were able to squeeze our party in under short notice. If my pasta wasn't room temperature, I would have given 3 stars. No need to waste your money or time at this place.
3	I love Mario Batali on Food Network and had very high expectations of his restaurant. Unfortunately, the restaurant didn't meat those expectations. Decor:  very nice, beautiful setting, and pleasant environment. When we first arrived here we sat at the bar for some wine before getting seated for dinner. The bartender was very nice and had some very good recommendations for wine. At this point, so far so good! But then my food arrived....I ordered the braised pork and there was only one word that could describe it: dry. Oddly enough I seen potential in the meal... So I'm thinking either I happened to be unlucky that day and received an over cooked meal or thats just the way it comes. But the flavors are definitely there, however, the texture could have been A LOT better.I recommend this place for wine. And as of right now, the food is only average in my opinion. I may give Mario Batali a second chance at another restaurant of his.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place!  Celebrated my step-daughter's 23rd birthday yesterday, 7/24, @ Enoteca San Marco.  Yum!  Started with a nice glass of prosecco, followed by proscuitto de parma, testa, and something else..., berata and two other cheeses that are accompanied with apricots, honey with truffle oil and cherries in brandy.  Heaven.Luke recommended an Amarone from the Serego Alighieri estate.  What an extraordinary wine!  Gorgeous nose, deep color and velvet in the mouth.  Our waiter, Roco (I think - I apologize if the name is wrong), did a really nice job of timing the courses, allowing us to slowly enjoy each one (we were there for three hours).  For our next course we munched on the clam pizza - perfectly cooked crust and fresh, little neck clams.  We then followed that with the pork belly pasta and roasted cauliflower.  Went to heaven, again.Their gelato's are superb!  The cherry and espresso was yummy, and the fig was a warm party in your mouth!  We enjoyed several digestives: limoncella and two other bitters - the artichoke was surprisingly good! Superb meal as always!  Stems up!
3	This is the third Mario Batali restaurant I've tried in Vegas, and while I enjoyed my meal, it's clearly the less expensive (and inferior) of his Vegas outposts. We were seated "outside" and I was amazed by how many groups of tourists (I'm talking about organized groups of 10+) were being herded in and stopping to take pictures of a fake sky.Service was incredibly slow. Breadsticks are pre-packaged in a red and white plastic bag and were quickly dropped off at the table. It's really quite funny that they would serve that. I would expect that from a place like Olive Garden, but not here.Here's what we ordered:- Caprese salad: just ok, but the pesto was tasty.- Pancetta and goat cheese pizza: good pizza. You can't go wrong w/ pancetta, goat cheese and carmelized onions.- Grilled hanger steak: decent cut of beef and a good-sized portion of food.- Braised pork shoulder: good flavors, nice combo of the pork and cucumbers, but the pork was a little on the fatty side.With the "outside" seating, street performers, people watching and the high noise level, it makes for a kid-friendly place to eat on the strip.
5	Had a great meal here. Wonderful French waiter gave us great recommendations.Started with olives, beet salad and zucchini which were delicious. I had the osso bucco, others in my group had pasta and the meatballs served over polenta, all of which were delicious. Waiter helped us pair with a nice, reasonably priced (for Vegas) bottle of wine. Ask for what's recommended, don't be cheap and enjoy. Great meal!
2	We stumbled upon this restaurant after finding out from the hotel concierge that the Domenco steakhouse was closed on Sunday afternoon. (the tour booklet says that it's open daily for lunch daily! This was confirmed when we later passed by the restaurant grrrr........)After our orders were taken, the waiter gave us breadsticks that were wrapped in plastic. I thought that was pretty tacky (?) and I expected better from a restaurant of MB. The bread was delivered not too long afterward, and fortunately, it made up for the boring breadsticks. I ordered the lamb pasta ($20), which tasted not too bad at first. The flavor was all right, and the pasta was cooked nicely (it had a bit of a chew to it, which I like). After eating mouthfuls of it, however, I got pretty sick of it. I started tasting a bit of a cheesy flavor to the dish, something I personally don't like in my pasta. I couldn't finish my food, so I gave the rest to my bf, who was kind of bummed about his veal meatballs. Probably won't come here again because there are way better Italian places in the LV strip. The view is nice, though. You might be able to see people performing at the center.
4	Get the 3 cheese plate and a good white wine. The cherries that. Omw with the plate are outstanding. Buy a jar to take home!!       I had the veal meatballs, and they were perfect!  I will return!
2	Sorry, Mario Batali. I did not really like your restaurant or my experience here.First of all, let me be clear. The following review is MAINLY based on the service my friends and I received when we dined here last weekend, not so much on the food, but you'll see.There were 11 of us who decided to come here last Friday. Since we were staying at the Palazzo and did not feel like having a buffet dinner after a heavy buffet lunch, Enoteca San Marco seemed like a good choice. Not to mention the fact that with the promo code we used when we booked the suites at the Palazzo, it also gave us a 15% discount at this place. So good reviews on Yelp + Convenience + a 15% discount in combination is what ultimately brought us here.Our reservation was at 8:30pm but we did not arrive until closer to 8:50pm. We called at 8:20pm to let the restaurant know that we were running late, they said "No problem."Upon our arrival, they promptly seated us. That should be a good thing, right? Well, it could have been, except for where they seated us. Our table was all the way on the far right hand side of the restaurant, conveniently located by the escalators. Yes, it was a Friday night, and yes, the restaurant was busy, but couldn't they have seated us in the middle or something, if we had called ahead to make a reservation and also called to inform them that we were running late? Guess not...After we got seated, we asked the server if we could move to a different table, and he said he'd check w/ the manager. We proceeded by asking the server if he could please take our 15% off coupon since on the back of the coupon, it said that we needed to inform our server right when we're seated. We were then told by the server that the only way they could honor the 15% discount is if we charge it to the suite. But we had a total of 3 suites AND there were a total of 11 of us....so by charging it to the room it just means more trouble and hassel for everyone. Not to mention the fact that NO WHERE on the coupon did it mention about the room charge. I told the server that we could NOT charge it to our room because we had told the front desk at check in to not allow room charges. So whatever, the server apologized and left; by this point, my group and I had begun a series of discussion about the sevice being received, blah blah blah. A few minutes later, an Asian guy (who I assume is the manager) arrived and told us he could not find a different table for us because they were really busy..etc. He did apologize more than a few times and I felt a little bit better about the service because at least they tried. I decided to ask him again about the 15% discount, and he said he'd honor it by saying how the other server was probably just confused. Now onto the food...The server brought over some bread sticks for us to eat before our meals were served; the bread sticks came in thin plastic bags, which I thought were a little strange and not very classy of the restaurant. Couldn't they have opened the bread sticks and placed them in a tray or something?Anyways. I shared a pasta plate (Veal Bolognese) with one of my girlfriends. The pasta tasted good, but a little salty. My other friend ordered the cheese plate w/ wine, but they did not bring any cracker or bread to pair her cheese with, until she asked for them 1/2 way thru her plate. My boyfriend ordered two glasses of beer and it turned out it's $9 a beer! (we could not find beer on the menu, so did not know about the price) Now, that's expensive!I am not sure the message Enoteca San Marco is trying to send by charging a lot for its food w/o delivering good tasting food or service. Is this supposed to be a high end restaurant, or not? I'm still confused. The restaurant needs to rethink about the brand image it is trying to deliver, and perhaps rebrand itself. I did not think I'd ever dislike a restaurant that is owned and operated by such a famous chef like Mario Batali, but the whole presentation with the bread sticks, the table location, the coupon mixup, and salty food...etc have all made me raise my eyebrows and have second thoughts about ever returning...If you want to eat here, don't come in a large group, and your experience may turn out to be than ours.
5	A Slice of Italian Heaven!We went to Enoteca San Marco to try some of our favorite Mario Batali creations. We wanted the Cafe/Bistro experience rather than the dinner house confines. We were seated on the patio and watched the good times roll.The wine list is amazing! While Mario features many of the well know vintners of the various Italian wine regions, he also offers his own unique blends and interpretations of classic reds and whites. If you want to pair your own pours with each course, Enoteca offers 2, 4 and 8 oz glasses so that you can determine what amount will satisfy your thirst.The salad variations are spectacular. I had the Vinegar Maker's salad featuring prosciutto and 25 year old balsamic vinegar. The greens were bitter (in a good way) and the pine nuts and Romano cheese tied everything together.My main course star was a braised pork shoulder with cucumbers and peppers. The meat was fork tender and the balance of cooling cucumber with spicy red peppers and crusty caramelized pork made for a perfect dish.Dessert was a dark chocolate malt gelato that was made by the dessert devil himself. The the intensity of the bittersweet chocolate with the malted cream was frozen perfection. Add a double espresso with a hint of lemon and you will find yourself in a state of bliss that is unlike any experience I've had before.There is so much to try at Enoteca, I can hardly wait to return. I vow to leave no carb unsampled at this little slice of Italian heaven in the Desert.
5	This place was amazing. Their cheeses, their desserts. Even the olive oil was particularly good. They use quality ingredients. Service was friendly. Food was a little pricey. I highly suggest this wonderful Mario Batali restaurant!
5	We visited Enoteca San Marco again this weekend and enjoyed another 3-hour foodie feast!  We started with a glass of Prosecco, proscuitto di parma, lonza, and 3 cheeses accompanied by the apricots, honey with truffles, and liquid cherry gold.  Love the blue cheese swirled in their brandied cherry juice - it's a party in your mouth!  I noticed another review was unhappy that her cheese did not include crackers or bread and she had to ask for it 1/2way through.  It's too bad about the confusion - the cheese plate does not come with crackers or bread, although the waiter will happily provide some if asked.  The cheese is paired with three different sweet flavors - the cherries are very expensive and they provide one per person along with some of the awesome cherry juice.  Amazing flavor!For our next course we tried the Bavette Cartierra - if you like simple foods made with the freshest ingredients, locavore style, then this is for you.  Fresh cherry tomatoes from Molto Mario's Farmer's Market, cooked until they pop.  The juice from these fresh tomatoes is what makes the sauce for this pasta dish along with thin slices of garlic.  The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente.I should mention that Luke made a phenomenal wine suggestion:  2003 Nino Negri sfursat.  We've been dying to try this grape - it's made like an amarone but with the nebbiolo grape instead.  Enjoying good wine is one of my most favorite things to do - and this was one of those eyes closed, savor the moments kind of wine.  Thanks Luke!The wine paired beautifully with the braised pork shoulder with an apple reduction served with cucumbers.  Cucumbers?!?!  Who would've thought, but they were a really nice accompaniment!We finished with two digestiv that were perfect and then the olive oil gelato.  Mmmmm....There are a few reviews that were disappointed this wasn't a fancier restaurant.  An enoteca is a casual place - just as this is.  There is seating inside, but the patio seating is fun and great for people watching.  If you're looking for good quality, fresh ingredients, then try it!  This place is heaven in a fork!
1	The romantic atmosphere of the restaurant convinced us to try it out, and considering it was associated with a great chef like Mario Batali, we were sure it was going to be good.  But....it WASN'T!  The pasta was seriously under-cooked, and the pizza was burnt.  If an Italian place can't even cook pasta, there are problems!  Save your money and avoid this place!But if you decide to risk it anyways, double check your bank account when you get home because we were charged an additional 20% (above and beyond the tax and tip).  Boo!
5	Eating a plate of pasta in the Venetian may not be the equivalent of a trip to Italy, but damned if I didn't enjoy my lunch at Enoteca San Marco.  The cute cheesy setting with its fake sky and numerous indoor street performers was entertaining, and I don't believe I've ever met a Mario Batali joint I didn't love.I came for a leisurely lunch with my family and a few family friends, and we sat on the pseudo-patio.  Men in full make-up and stilts traipsed by, and tourists looked on amused.  For our direct appreciation, Enoteca San Marco provided paper placemats that taught us how to pick up a stranger at a Vegas club and make obscene hand signs, both in Italian.  Service was accordingly casual and friendly.We were provided with breadsticks and a spongey herb focaccia when we sat down.  Our table then shared the caprese with burrata as well as the "verdure grande" for starters.  The caprese was excellent, composed of oozy cheese and bright refreshing tomatoes, topped with pine nuts and a light green dressing.  The verdure grande consisted of seven vegetable dishes in circular yellow jars for $28 - if you've ever been to Otto in New York, you've had them before.  The vegetables rotate, but on our visit we got lentils "alla Toscana," roasted beets with saba, corn and tomatoes, radish in bagna cauda, marinated zucchine, eggplant caponata, and farro with pine nuts and feta.  Not every dish was spectacular, but all were decent, and I loved the lentils, beets, and corn.  The variety and freshness of the ingredients made the verdure grande worth getting.For my entree, I couldn't pass up the cavatappi with lamb ragu, mint, and tomato.  The al dente corkscrew pasta was great, and the lamb ragu was on point, tender, well-seasoned, and meaty.  The tomato sauce was hearty and the mint added an accent of coolness that enhanced the warm flavors.  My mom's linguine con le cozze, a linguini with mussels, saffron, and marjoram, was another winning pasta.  It was very salty, but in a good way.  The pasta ended up being flavorful with minimal embellishment, and the saffron was pleasantly pronounced.  My brother's spaghettini with mushrooms, thyme, and garlic was also quite flavorful, lightly sauced but with a richness that came from the robust fragrant mushrooms.  Also good were my dad's veal and ricotta meatballs.  I love carbs, but it's hard to argue with lush, soft, juicy meatballs paired with nothing more than herbs and tomato sauce.  The only entree I didn't adore was my little brother's pizza with sausage and red peppers.  Even this was good, with zesty flavors and a thin crust, but the last time I had had Batali's pizza was at Mozza - the man sets his own bar.For dessert, our table split two copettas, a fancy word for sundaes.  The espresso copetta came with espresso gelato, blackberry sorbetto, and fresh blackberries.  I wouldn't have thought to pair coffee and blackberries but this sundae was fantastic.  The flavors worked, and I liked that the espresso gelato had a bit of a coffee bean crunch.  The olive oil copetta was even better, boasting olive oil gelato with melon sorbetto and melon salad.  The sweet melon and the mellow salty olive oil were perfect together.  The melon salad added more ripe sugar as well as toothsome texture, and I doubt that the sundae could have been better.I rolled out of Enoteca San Marco in the early afternoon and didn't have another full meal until the next morning.  I gambled like a fiend all night and didn't feel particularly hungry.  I love Mario for enabling both my gluttony and my extended hours spent at poker tables.  Viva Las Vegas, I say.
4	Enoteca has now changed its name to match Batali's New York outpost of Otto.  (Roughly) The same menu, same prices, but different name.Meat plate is still good, although I've moved on to other dishes.  Enjoyed the Lentils again; I do love a good lentil dish!  Sitting at the circular bar, we were able to watch the making of a Caprese Salad and HAD to have it!  This isn't an ordinary Caprese.  Beautiful cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, with so much flavor and pop, tossed in an amazing pesto sauce, topped with a beautiful hunk of Burrata topped with coarse salt and pine nuts.  So good!!!Shared the Lamb Cavatappi,  which had so many layers.  First there was a excellently prepared pasta; perfect al dente with great mouth feel.  Then there was the hearty lamb ragu, no skimping here!  And then, a hint of mint coming through.  Although I was nearly full, I had to keep having more!Finished off the night with espresso (well-made) and the Peach Copetto.  OMG, what?  How did you make an oatmeal cookie gelato taste so amazing, especially with the fresh peach sorbetto, and perfectly ripe fresh peaches?  Don't care how you did it, just give me more!!!Always enjoy my time here and I'm sure I'll be back =)
2	Where these guys having a bad day?  Did I order wrong?  Or has this spot gone way downhill?  Remembering how I loved my last Enoteca pizza, I tried one with tomato sauce, cheese, anchovy and olives.  The sauce was tart and metallic tasting and as a whole the flavors were unbalanced.  I thought the crust itself was nice.  My pasta dish, with tmussels and saffron, was soooo salty I couldn't taste anything else.  I really enjoyed the cheese and wine.  Unfortunately, the hot food missed this time around.
3	another $80.00 lunch for two...our waiter was a bit corky, he kept saying that the restaurant is a green restaurant, and nothing is brought unless requested by the customers.  so we had to request butter for our bread, but our bread was brought to us automatically?!We order one of the pizzas and a roasted chicken dish.  Overall, the food was decent, but not memorable.  So, will I go back again? Not unless someone drag me there.
3	A real disappointment. They closed the back wine room dining area (only quite spot) due to not having enough wait staff to cover ... they were all too busy assisting the customers out in the Bistro seating area who choose to eat among the thousands of photo snapping tourist who walk through the Venetian to admire faux Italy. The food was just ok. The only shining star of the evening was our waiter.
4	This lovely restaurant is called Otto now.  We came after a 4 hour car trip  and just wanted a late afternoon light meal.  We enjoyed the small dishes:   Some meat, some excellent cheeses, and some wonderful salads including a yummy radish with tuna, a lentil dish that was smashing, and a great eggplant salad. The olive oil gelato is wonderful.  So, with a nice bottle of sparkling wine, we were very happy with Otto. Good service and a nice ambience, too. I'd like to return for a full dinner another time and further explore the menu.
4	Very good food! We got the bucatini and pizza with goat cheese and proscuito.  Our wine was so good!  Good service.
3	Enoteca got very close to getting a 2-star rating, but I hate to rate a place with good quality food with such a low rating.  The food at Enoteca is very good, but the pricing and portions are just ridiculous.  The service is usually pretty good, although I have had a couple bad service experiences here.  I have been to Enoteca over 10 times, but it's primarily because I would be visiting friends who want to eat somewhere in Venetian.The food at Enoteca is very good.  Their Pork Shoulder is one of their best dishes, and is very flavorful.  The salumi's are all made and cured in house, and you can tell when you eat them.  The pasta's all have great flavor, and are relatively affordable.  The main complaint I have here is portion size.  Now I'm not the type that goes to a three-star michelin rated restaurant and gets mad because I only have two shrimp in one of my courses, but when I go to a casual, laid back Italian restaurant, and am paying $18 for a bowl of pasta, I expect the bowl to be at least half-way full.  One of my favorite pasta dishes is spaghetti with olive oil, garlic, red chile flakes, and pecorino cheese.  They have this dish on the menu for $18, which is a very pricey for this dish, but I love the flavors so I got it.  The bowl had one small pile of noodles in the middle of the bowl, I would guess about a 4 oz. serving of pasta.  This isn't just one dish, either.  Everything is under-portioned and overpriced.  There is also another thing that bothers me about Enoteca.  No Corkage allowed.  You could be on your deathbed and only want ONE wine to eat with your last meal at Enoteca, and if they don't have it on the menu, you can't drink it.  To a person who drinks a lot of wine like me, this is an insult to the customer.  Mario Batali claims, "my restaurants have wine in every price range".  But this is a bullshit excuse because, as a wine drinker, I want certain wines with certain meals, and will base my meal around my wine a lot of the time.  I am extremely disappointed in Mario Batali for not allowing a corkage fee, but love good food too much to stop going to his restaurants.  This being said, I wouldn't suggest Enoteca unless you are trying to spend a little less, but still get a good meal.  Just don't expect to bring your own wine!
2	What a setting!  Worth sitting down here just for that.  I don't know if they were just having a bad day, but I was very disappointed.  Our waiter was brusque and service in general was unfriendly and extremely rushed.  They got us through 2 courses in under an hour and we were not rushing at all.I started with some prosciutto and some cheeses.  I felt these were not as good as my local London market can provide, perhaps affected by the extra travel.  The Gorgonzola was a tad young and the pecorino a little dry.I then had a pizza which was said to come with sausage on it. When it arrived, I was first struck by its small size.  Then I was disappointed that the sausage looked (and tasted) more like ground beef.  Not good.  Overall it was a reasonable pizza though the oven it was cooked in needed to be hotter to stop the base getting as soggy as it did.  My wife has spaghetti with meatballs which was nice but again a little small and I felt under-seasoned.Overall, I did not feel this was good value or even a good meal, very disappointing.
4	Disappointed that the lardo pizza did not exist this night at the LV outpost of Otto. However, the butternut squash pizza was a pretty darn good.Sat at the bar and could not take my eyes of this dude make love to this block of parmesean.... just to sprinkle some on a salad. As mentioned in other reviews, this place is really loud but I was fine with it.  Other posts mentioned small portions but my pizza was easily for 2. It seemed like the salads,  charcuterie, and cheese plates could easily be shared. Admittedly, the pasta portions were not rivaling those from Maggiano's or Bucca, but they looked sufficient. Four stars due to the lack of lardo and for a Batali pizza, I still prefer the Mozza in LA.
5	5 stars for the Margherita 'D.O.C.' pizza.  Been here twice had this both times (among other things...my gf and i share).  My gf and I dream about this pizza, it is almost reason enough to go to Vegas.Dear god - The bufala mozzarella melts in your mouth. The basil and olive oil...just get it and you will know the deliciousness.Besides that fantastic pizza: the cheese tastings are very fun and are a great way to sample cheeses that are otherwise too expensive or  not available for most people.The waiter was very knowledgeable and was very friendly. We've tried other dishes that were all good, but nothing came even close to the Margherita pizza. I can seldom say that the food at nicer restaurants is worth the money, but this pizza is (i cannot say that about the other dishes i have tried at this restaurant and most other fancy places)Seriously, you could go to this restaurant split a pizza with a friend and pay less than $10 each...though it is a fun place to burn a hole in your wallet.Try this pizza and you will be satisfied.
2	thank God I bought a $3 coupon for $25 worth of food. still, the bill came out to be $50 with two pasta plates and an appetizer- worth it? not much. I really like the outside patio location in The Venetian. there was live entertainment as well which was great. our server could have been better-- she would always disappear and would take SO LONG getting stuff done (water, cheese/chili flakes, OUR BILL took what felt like 10mins!).the food could have been better but maybe I ordered the wrong stuff? I really don't know. I got the linguine con le cozze and my bf had the gemelli. I really don't understand if this was the authentic way of making pasta but my dish was dry with no sauce, noodles were hard and the servings of mussels were TINY. the gemelli was hard as well, making the entire texture of the dish not great. ultimately, the flavor of both the dishes wasn't enough to satisfy us.I did however enjoy the appetizer. we got the 3 for $21 fritti with butternut squash fritti, cauliflower frittelle & eggplant milanese. yummy but expensive for fried veggies! one time visit only. try to get the coupon because I really don't think it's worth it.
4	We had a Restaurant.com gift certificate for this place and figured we'd try it for my birthday dinner.  Per the instructions on the gift certificate, we presented it to the hostess.  Unfortunately, my birthday happened to fall on a holiday weekend, so she didn't think they would be able to honor our gift certificate.  However, she did go and ask, and came back with who I assume was the manager.  She was very nice, asked if we were locals, and said while they don't usually accept gift certificates on holidays, they would make an exception.  The manager then promptly led us to a table in their wine cellar.  Upon her complimenting me on my dress and inquiring as to our plans for the evening, my husband informed her that it was my birthday.The wine cellar is a much better dining option than the too-popular "patio" (which is basically just the part that overlooks the fake outside that is the inside of the Venetian). More secluded, more romantic, and just fancier.Our server was outstanding.  Very polite, very knowledgeable, and very prompt.The pancetta and goat cheese pizza we ordered was insanely delicious.  Hands-down one of the best pizzas I have ever had.  I can't remember which pasta dish it was that we ordered, but it was great.When I ordered gelato for dessert, it came served in a martini glass on a small plate, with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce on the plate.  I was thoroughly impressed as the only person who was told it was my birthday was the manager.  It was a nice touch.Overall, I was very happy with our dining experience and will be sure to be back.  This is a great alternative to the fancier and pricier other Batali restaurants.
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas I stay at the Venetian and every time I stay at The Venetian I eat at Enoteca San Marco. It is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Sin City.I usually start with the soup, which of course varies by day but always tastes fabulous. For my main course I nearly always get the Quattro Formaggi Pizza. It's a four cheese Margherita style pizza that will easily fill one person up. Our last time at Enoteca San Marco we enjoyed a bottle of 2008 Casmatta Toscana Indicazione. It was a rather inexpensive Chianti but paired extremely well with the pizza. Last but certainly not least is the fresh homemade Gelato. There are always standard flavors but each night there is also a "special choice flavor".One of my favorite aspects of eating at Enoteca San Marco is the atmosphere. The "open air" patio stays in a perpetual state of evening so even when I've dined there right before closing it still feels like it's 5:00pm. During the day and early evening the small performance space next to the restaurant is alive with music, theater and sideshows. Speaking as someone who has been to Venice and loves Venice, this plaza is the closest thing I can find without getting to Italy. The Venetian really seems to go out of it's way to make your experience a good one.Once I have finished eating at Enoteca San Marco, I am always pleased to find myself full and in the middle a wonderful shopping mall. The shopping area is quite expansive and allows me to "walk off the calories" I just enjoyed.Once again, if you are looking for a delicious dining experience in the heart of Las Vegas, Enoteca San Marco is the place to be!
5	First time eating at a Mario Batali restaurant, and I was not disappointed.  What made the dishes so great were the quality of the ingredients and the care and attention to perfectly seasoning each dish.  All the dishes were simple and fresh.  We got some Italian breadsticks to begin with, service was fast and helpful, and ambience wonderful since you're sitting outside in the St. Mark's square of the Venetian. Here's what we got:3 cheeses- Burrata, Mozzarella di Bufalo, Parmesana Reggiano- cheeses were good, not the best I've had but good enough.  What made this appetizer amazing was the condiments that accompany the cheese and bread- 3 small dishes of black truffle honey (amazingggg), candied apricot (with chili flakes) and candied dark cherries (SO fresh, dark and sweet, it just popped and zinged in your mouth, like someone hand-picked and pitted cherries that are all the same size).  Honey was really good with the burrata, cherries were good with the parmesan. Margherite pizza with tomato sauce, mozzarella and basil- I don't know how they got the crust so crispy especially when served right out of the oven and onto a plate, but the crust stayed crispy throughout our entire meal, with a thin layer of flavorful, ripened tomato sauce and large chunks of melted fresh mozzarella cheese and a fresh, good-sized basil leaf to bring the flavors together so nicely. Rigatoni with pork belly and swiss chard- The rigatoni was perfectly al dente, soft with a nice chewy finish and the pork belly sauce was really good.  It was shredded pork belly simmered in its own sauce with a nice blend of the chard.  It was a tad bit salty but overall very good. Roasted cauliflower side dish- I love, love love roasted cauliflower so when I saw it on the menu, I had to get it!!  It was perfectly seasoned with the right amount of olive oil so it wasn't swimming in it (which is normally what you get when you order roasted vegetables).  You could taste the freshly cracked black pepper, and it was topped with freshly chopped basil and roasted hazelnuts, which gave the dish a nice crunchy, nutty flavor. Blueberry Coppette- Blueberry sorbetto, cinnamon gelato, oatmeal cookie crisp and sliced blueberries on top, all made in-house.  I was impressed with how fresh, smooth and full of flavor the gelato/sorbetto was- not a single icy granule or dull bite!! I can't wait to go to Vegas again to order the same exact meal.  I wouldn't change anything I got except maybe to order more (the Rigatoni with roasted cauliflower on the table next to us looked amazing, and the guy eating it commented on how it must have been made with some expensive, extra gourmet cheese!).  I think anything you get on the menu is going to be good.  Go to the bathroom, they use an awesome-smelling soap that is made from used oil from their restaurants and a cool hand dryer.
3	Some friends of mine and I were in town for CES this year and one of the days we were wandering about trying to find some breakfast/lunch and picked a place in the Venetian.  Well, when we finally found it, it turned out to be a juice bar for the spa (pretty deceptive Yelp), and so we were forced to wander about aimlessly for a while to decide on something.  Group decisions + empty tummies = lunch delays.Finally we came to the town square and were presented with a few different options.  I quickly Yelped and came across the results of the options nearby and we chose Enoteca.It's essentially a European style cafe with pseudo-outdoor seating (because we were actually inside, but it looked like outside on a patio).  We were seated at a table and I ordered a Peroni (one of the two beers available there, the other being Stone IPA oddly enough) while my friends and wife looked through the wine list.  The wines were pretty much all Italian and were available in 2, 4, and 8 oz pours.  They had a wine tap machine so it's easy for them to give you very accurate pours on the quick.  Unfortunately, all of the prices were ridiculously high for the wines and they were all unknown to us (being Italian wines).  Oh well.We each ordered something for lunch as well as a cheese plate appetizer.  Here were the general thoughts:4 cheese pizza - Tasty and more like an American pizzaSaturday special pizza - Topped with large slices of prosciutto I believe.  No tomato sauce.  Lots of cheese.  More like Italian pizzaThe pasta with green beans and potatoes in a pesto sauce - Actually really good, albeit somewhat smallI know someone ordered some pasta with a red sauce of some sort and another pizza with a variety of meats and toppings was picked, too, but I don't remember the details.Summary: The food is good but somewhat overpriced.  The wines are ridiculously overpriced.  The service is good and friendly.  You can to watch the town square performers sing opera and walk on stilts from afar.  The total for 7 people at lunch was $330 with a built in 20% gratuity (um, BS).  None were super full or hungry when done.  Quality and authenticity were strong though.
2	If you want to eat somewhere with a good view in The Venetian, that provides solid flavor and worthy presentation, but with value, then you are better off eating @ Canaletto right next to this place or at Taqeuria Canonita near the Canals.If you want solid wood fired pizza or overprices pasta, then you would be wiser going to Postrio right next door, or Spago at Caesars or any Puck resturant for that matter.
2	For a Batali restaurant, I was disappointed. The waitress was very pleasant and offered several suggestions for wine, appetizer, salad and entree. On her suggestion. I ordered the Arancine which was tasty, nothing spectacular and a bit greasy.  For my salad (again as suggested), I ordered the Coppa with pear and arugula. The Coppa (dried pork shoulder) was way too chewy and really did not mix well with the sliced pear and apples. It was just ok and overpriced at $14 for a salad.My entree was a braised pork shoulder that although extremely fatty, it was tasty and done well. My issue with the entree is that the table server (not my waitress) brought it out while I was still eating my salad. I was told that the kitchen is way ahead because it was slow, no excuse!No dessert, just the check please.  Grand total, $90 with tax and tip. Way overpriced even for Mario Batali. High praise for my waitress, so-so on the food, a bit overpriced.  The setting is very nice as you sit in the main square and get to watch the mime and several other shows.If the restaurant was any other chef's, I probably would have rated 3 stars however I have higher expectations for this one.  I will need to go to Babbo in NY soon to regain my fondness for what I really love about Mario Batali, its all about the food!
5	The cheese and meat selections are great. The cheese comes with an apricot chutney that will rock your world. My husband and I have eaten there every time we go to Vegas. The wine list is impeccable and the goat cheese and pancetta pizza is worth the trip alone.  Also suggest the arancini. Mmmmm.
4	The thing I love about Vegas (in addition to it's bright lights and energy) is great food! A celebrity chef's, you'll find a collection of well known chefs all along the strip.This time--we tried out Mario Batali's Enoteca. This place is decently priced but the food is something else (in a good way). Started out with what FENNEL, APPLE, & WALNUT salad. Great salad with great taste! A little addition of cheese gave it the perfect touch. Just a great, fresh way to start off the meal!For my main course I ordered the FUSILI CON SAUSAGE & ESCAROLE. Highly recommend this dish if you're a fan of sausage. Sweet and spicy, cooked just right. I ate every bit of the pasta and would've licked the plate (but I didn't).Just an overall great dining experience. We ate outside the piazza (with the fake sky above us), music performers playing in the background. Just a great Italian experience.
3	3.5 stars. Would have been 4 if a pigeon hadn't pooped on our table as we sat down.   Yes, even in Vegas' indoor pseudo San Marco Square, there are pigeons like the original.  A waiter quickly noticed what happened, and moved us within minutes. Food was really good though. Antipasto options were creative and slightly different from the norm (roasted beets!!). Pasta was cooked perfectly, and the gelato dessert concoctions were imaginative and delicious.
2	Really disappointing, I've eaten at Other Batali restaurants in NY and I think he would be very disappointed if he knew what was going on here. The fried appatizer platter was terrible, the smelts were soggy and the fried meatball was terribly salty. The cured meat platter was embarrassing as well, very low quality. The wine we ordered off the list was not in stock, so we were upsold to a more expensive choice. The service was mediocre at best. Hope Mario visits here and shapes things up.
5	After being utterly spoiled in Rome and having my taste buds permanently altered by the perfection of the food I tasted there, I have been sadly disappointed once too many times by Italian restaurants here in the States.With that said, I give Enoteca San Marco a solid 5 stars.  FINALLY, I found myself at an Italian restaurant in the States that knows how to make PASTA!  Three of us ordered a different pasta dish and shared.  Each dish was PERFECTLY AL DENTE!!!My spaghetti and meatballs was al dente perfection with a delicious sauce that did not overpower the lovely, dense meatballs!One of my dinner companions ordered the Penne Alla Norma and of course the penne pasta was perfectly al dente as well.  The sauce was balanced perfectly and the eggplant gave a burst of flavor.The spaghettini was also very good with the mushrooms giving a burst of flavor to each bite.My husband ordered the Steak Tagliota and loved it.  I, being a lover of all things arugula, took a few bites here and there of the salad and thought it was quite good.All four of us wiped our plates clean.  Nuff said.  It was THAT good.
3	The octopus salad with celery root was so refreshing and yum. Different from your normal salads.  I could eat it all day long and am still thinking about it now. Also the caprese and tomato salad was very good.  I didn't think the eggplant pizza was anything much special.  My friend was raving about the braised pork shoulder.  Had a capaccino to end the night, all in all nice dinner with friends.
3	This place ended up working out with all the food that we ordered.  From the get go I was really surprised that they didn't have any soup- was feeling like a minstrone, and then some creamy pasta- nope- everything was mostly red. I ended up ordering a meaty red sauce and  REALLY liked the al dente noodles.  I rarely get in that way and it made me realize that I really really liked it. The dessert - tiramisu and warm chocolate ended up being so amazingly good.  Just wish they had some of the core typical Italian dishes I wanted. If you sit close to the square area you can see random medieval cheesy shows that Venetian puts on and that guy that's covered head to toe in grey/white as a portrayal of a statue.  I'd be cool w/ back again to try other things out.   Convenient when staying in the Venetian.
4	Kudos to Mario. I really enjoyed this restaurant. It has "outdoor" seating and the prices are decent. We got 2 pasta dishes: the rigatoni and the gemelli and enjoyed them both. Found that they had just the right amount of sauce and was well seasoned. Portion size was enough even for lunch. The gelato was crazy good.
5	Yum Yum Yum... literally everything on the menu is delicious. I haven't tried their pasta yet but definitely will be heading back next month for that. i must say their dishes melts in my mouth and cannot say much more but a big fan of Enoteca San Marco.
3	nice location.ok food.pricey in generalinteresting wine list.cute (female) som
4	Veal was awesome! I had the veal meatball and it was so tender. Despite the fact that it's sad to eat, but it's really good. Some say it was 'different', but it was quite moist. The polenta OMG the best thing ever! It was so creamy and it was just the best! The bread was quite tasty ~ yes it's free and you can get more. Overall the prices weren't that bad. The scene was nice and calm with lots of people around. They do have a huge wine selection, which is great!The cured meats, o dear it was delicious as well. I def suggest you trying that as well as their wine. The water, they have different kids, tap, sparkling, spring, etc. Comes in a cool bottle, sorry you can't take it home, but it tastes really fresh like Voss water. I made reservations ahead of time, this place can definitely get paid because it's by all the shopping stores, and it's quite nice to look up to see the painted clouds. The prices aren't that bad for the quality of food. It's def a $$$, and some other $$$ places serves worse food, so for Italian, I would recomend this place. O yea, sit outside!!
2	Disappointing.....Pizza very salty and pasta was out of the box averageService subparDirty paper menusI could go on and on, there way better at the Venetian alone
