5	Chipotle is one of my ultimate guilty pleasures. Each burrito, weighs in at approximately 900 calories. I feel like I have to run a marathon just to burn that thing off. I've been to both the UNLV and Lake Mead locations and at both places, the employees assemble the burritos at super-sonic speeds, with the precision of surgeons. They know just the right proportions to give. I mean, they have assembly down to a science. At the UNLV location, I've seen the line go out the door, but don't be discouraged, they move that thing along like the Matterhorn line at Disneyland. Okay, am I the only one that notices this? When you mix tomatoes and sour cream, it makes this awesome dressing. And the sour cream at Chipotle is really runny, so it mixes instantly. I feel like when I eat their burritos, there's a party in my mouth. And I rarely eat meat because of ethical reasons, but their vegetarian burritos are tha shit. I don't even feel like I'm missing out. Bonus. Their pork is free-range and all that good stuff, which actually takes care of those ethics issues. So sometimes I indulge in a fatty pig burrito (carnitas). My boyfriend swears by the Barbacoa fajitas burrito. He can inhale Chipotle burritos in one sitting, but it normally takes me two. Susan R is right, though. Its Subway meets Americanized Mexican food. I mean, come on ... they're owned by McDonald's. *off the strip, non-casino
1	This place jipped me on a order for crispy chicken tacos.  You're supposed to get 4 crispy ones OR 3 soft ones.  I got 3 crispy ones.  WTH!  Give me my missing taco!
5	Yay Chipotle!  This one was close to my work and after one day of patiently waiting in line and being cut by some very rude people, someone behind the counter gave me the best tip ever! You can order online, give them a pick up time and they'll will have it ready... It was awesome.. Our lunch was always ready and we were in and out and had most of our lunch hour to enjoy it.
4	well the price was definitely great!! we got the free burrito/taco coupons at the red bull vegas am jam skate competition. after watching all the excitement we worked up an appetite. we had takeout so we can't really judge the service but the place was very stylish and the service was very quick-less then 5 minutes in & out. the tacos were great-the steak was marinated & grilled so it had great flavor. the pico & cheese were fresh & tasty. the shells got a little limp from the ride home but overall they were very good-a little better than qdoba. we will return
4	well the price was definitely great!! we got the free burrito/taco coupons at the red bull vegas am jam skate competition. after watching all the excitement we worked up an appetite. we had take-out so we can't really judge the service but the place was very stylish and the service was very quick-less then 5 minutes in & out. the tacos were great-the steak was marinated & grilled so it had great flavor. the pico & cheese were fresh & tasty. the shells got a little limp from the ride home but overall they were very good-a little better than qdoba. we will return
3	If you want a healthier, fresh choice for Mexican cuisine, stop on by.  This place is a fast food restaurant that runs their counter like a Subway.  They have the meats and veggies, among other toppings right there for you to see while they build you your choice of meal.  From crunchy tacos to fajitas, they have a short menu with 3 choices of meats to try.  I personally don't like their food much, but my husband raves about it.  Because I prefer shredded chicken over chunked chopped chicken in my tacos and I don't like their seasoning or salsa too much, I give it an A-OK rating.Don't get me wrong--it's a nice place to get some quick, fresh mexican food, but it isn't my first choice.
4	Was in the area and was hungry for Mexican Food, so I stopped by this Chipotle to grab some lunch.  It's a typical Chipotle.....if you've never been to one before here's a breakdown:You select your menu item...ie Burrito, Taco, Quesadilla.  Then you instruct the employee making your meal on what ingredients you'd like on/in your item.....ie Pinto/Black Beans, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Salsa etc.I decided to go for a Chicken Burrito w/Pinto Beans, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Pico de Gallo, Hot Sauce, Rice.  To wash it down, I got a bottle of Izzle Clementine Soda.The Burrito is huge and was delicious.  I really like their Hot Sauce at Chipotle, it has a nice kick to it.  I devoured the entire Burrito, then enjoyed my Izzle.Overall Value - I always get great value for my money at Chipotle.Will I return?  I like this location, I'm sure I'll be back.
5	My wife and I have been coming to this location like 2-3 times a week for the past 2 years.  We LOVE it.  What I love about Chipotle is the fact that the food is All natural, most of it is Organic, but its all 100% fresh.  I love the fact that the menu is so simple, why complicate things?  Mexican food is basically a taco made a hundred different ways anyway right?  While you order, you tell them exactly what ingredients you want, how much, and best part is you witness it made!  I am not sure if all managers do this, but THIS specific manager at this location loves to take care of her regulars.  Occasionally, she will just give you the orders for free and make your day!  I wish I could remember her name but I cant.  OH!  Almost forgot, the Iced Tea here is brewed FRESH, and is awesome!  Combine the tea with the raw sugar packs they serve and its the perfect drink to compliment that burrito!
3	I actually really like the food here, my low review is for the the service and the difference in portion they give you, as compared to another location. The location on Durango has a nicer staff and they actually are a bit more giving when it comes to their burrito bowls. The food is great, the service here is not. You're better off going to the one on Durango! :)
4	This location is always fast, cheery, and dangerous to my waistline.
5	I feel that I need to share a story with you so that you understand why I love this place so much. Because you might just think "well, of course you like it here! You're a foodie, this place has great food, so, duh!" Well, yes, that's part of it. But there's more.See, I AM a foodie. I love food. I love eating it, preparing it, and eating it when someone else has prepared it in exchange for money. But even though I am a foodie, my brother, alas, is not. My brother could not be pickier when it comes to food: burgers need to be plain, steaks need to be free of condiments, and the only acceptable beverage to consume is water. So you can imagine my dismay when it comes to my brother and I eating a meal together. He usually just wants lame food, and I want condiments galore. Enter Chipotle. The great thing about Chipotle, and also Subway, is that you can watch these guys assemble your meal right in front of you! And since everything is "custom made" at this place, you really only get what you want. My brother gets a plain steak burrito: steak, rice, beans, cheese. I get a steak burrito, too, but I have more stuff in it: steak, rice, beans, cheese, corn, pico de gallo, lettuce, and guacamole. This is really a place where we both get EXACTLY what we want, so we're both happy. Plus, it's a cool concept: pick how you wanna eat it (burrito, taco, bowl...), pick the protein (chicken, steak...) and then add the delicious plusses (lettuce, beans, rice...). I think one of the extra plusses of this place is that they have healthy options, too. If you opt for the chicken bowl with no cheese or guac or sour cream, it's pretty healthy. And, even better, it's still delicious! You can't beat that!
1	Didn't appreciate the poor customer service & the inability to properly fold a burrito @ this location. The rice was undercooked & felt like hard seeds in my mouth. The steak was very chewy & reminded me of jerky. The server was also chewing gum while preparing my food - gross & not OK. Oh, I almost forgot that I came @ a very inconvenient time for the staff because even though I was the only customer, I had the nerve to interrupt their gossip session. I will definitely be contacting corporate about my experience because I'm sure I can find a much better overpriced burrito elsewhere. I'm upset that I don't have the option to give 0 stars.
5	I love these big ol burritos in my mouth!! HAHA.Well seriously, I've NEVER got a bad Chipotle item. I usually always get either the chicken burrito or the chicken bowl. Today I got my beloved chicken burrito! I got there 11:09 am and was like "oh crap, I'm probably like the first one here!" Boy was I wrong, there were already like 6 ppl in line!! It was my turn and I ordered my chicken burrito. The lady asked what salsa I wanted and I pointed to the hot one and she started putting pico on it!! I was like "No!!" but def not in a mean way, more of a please gosh no way. I totally hate tomatoes. I pretty much scared her. Oppsie!! Anyway, she was super nice to take them out and put some yummy hot salsa on there!! They wrapped up my perfect burrito and I got my chips and guac on the side and paid.Since I was driving to get my scripts I tore through the burrito on the road, thank God no one was listening to me eat it. They may have thought I was doing something naughty! Which I was!! Desfrutando in my delicious orgasmic burrito!! Ahh Chipotle, me love you long time!
4	I first had chipotle a couple months ago, I've since ate there 6 times and I would recommend it.
5	I have nothing to complain about this place... Everything is always good and customer service has always been outstanding.  Store is clean, bathrooms are kept throughout the day and the food is yummy! People need to keep in mind that this is still a fast food joint... don't expect a fine dinning experience, this place gets very busy and loud, the servers cant give every single client 120% and hurry the hell up to help and please the next starving client who cant wait to bite into their delicious burritos, bowls, tacos  and quesadillas. They serve BEER!!! lol
5	Although it may be a chain it is always delicious and the employees are always friendly. I come here often and the burritos are consistently good and the staff is always friendly. Although there may be a line and you may have trouble finding parking it is for a good reason, it's delicious! PLUS, many of their meats are organic and they support family owned/operated farms which is great.
1	I've never had a bad experience at any Chipotle until this past weekend. My daughter got a free kids meal coupon at a Halloween event and when we went to use it we were met with ignorance and disdain. She ordered a taco kids meal. When she went to tell them what toppings she would like on her chicken taco, they advised that the rice and beans on the side were all that came with it. Seriously? She got a corn tortilla and some grilled chicken and that's it for her taco? The lady advised it would be extra $ for any toppings which I elected to pay. I ordered a grilled chicken salad and got the skimpiest little salad I have ever gotten at a Chipotle. Were they running out of food on a Sunday? I don't understand how the salad I got from this location was literally a third of the size of the one I normally get from the west Sahara and/or the North Durango locations. Maybe they have something against someone using a coupon. Either way, you'll never catch me here again!
1	I WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN!! NEVER!! the employees are extremely rude and don't ask you if you want certain additions to your meal for example I ordered two burritos for my mom and I. They barely gave us any sour cream and when my mom asked for a little more the employee had a pissy look on her face. Then the other employee didn't even ask if we wanted lettuce or guacamole. She had to unwrap my burrito to add those, my mom didnt even get the chance to say she wanted lettuce and guacamole before the employee had her burrito wrapped in foil. I've been to the Chipotle on Maryland Pkwy and had the best experience. I was asked if I wanted extras and they were not stingy with their portions. For a great Chipotle experience I would recommend going to any other chipotle!! AVOID THIS ONE IF YOU CAN!!
4	I only come to this place when I'm on my diet. I do sometimes wonder what that huge burrito tastes like but then think of the crazy amounts of calories. For me, when I'm on my special diet...it's a treat to go out and not have to cook. I get the salad...it's simple. Lettuce, chicken, pico (a little more please!) and that's all. Kinda silly to pay $6 for it but Its nice to not have to worry about cooking. The meal comes out to 260 calories. Can't beat that! :)
2	Wow, what a sense of deja vu coming here and reading these reviews.  I have to parrot much of what has been said.  Customer service at this location is sorely lacking.  Try ordering a bowl sometime without rice but with extra beans.  After repeating yourself several times you will likely be treated to "extra" beans in the form of two miniscule scoops.  This has happened to me several times at this location.  Also agree no one here has ever asked if I want the veggies/green peppers, and when I order an extra like avocado...serious skimping occurs.  Honestly I don't like going here for all these reasons but I do like the food sometimes.  Note to manager - I'd eat there more if it wasn't such a pain for the above reasons.
5	Call me unAmerican, but I hate fast food.  No McDonald's (unless I'm in Shamrock, Texas at 11:00 p.m.), no Burger King (the char on the burger is the gift that keeps on giving), no Wendy's, Carl's Jr., Jack in the Box, or Arby's.  Even In-and-Out doesn't make my heart go pitter-patter.  But Chipotle - ah, that's a horse of a different hue.  Last night I was actually craving, salivating, for a Chipotle salad bowl:  romaine, chicken, black beans, onions and peppers, corn, pico de gallo, brown rice, a dollop of sour cream, hold the cheese, and a dab of guacamole, with my usual "no, it's not a side order of guac, just a dab."  And topped with that delicious dressing.  Each bite evoked the Ecstasy of Santa Teresa, until I could eat no more.  Regrettably, I had to leave a few bites in the bowl, I was so stuffed (and anticipating a stop at Yogurtland on the way home).Unlike my neighborhood Chipotle in New Jersey, where the line stretches out the door early or late no matter what day, this location on Lake Mead was an empty pleasure.  No line, no scramble for a table.  My only complaint was that we should have eaten outside, because I froze the whole time, and it was just a perfect evening temperature right outside the door.  Oh, well, next time.  And there will be a next time.
5	I think Chipotle is my favorite fast food chain, menu-wise. No complaints about the food sold by Chipotle. It's always been fresh, flavorful and reliable. I think their guacamole is the best of the fast food restaurants.  The quality is worth the money, in my book. The restaurants are always decent-looking and they do an above-average job of keeping the "amenities" section clean and stocked, I think. The amount of food you get definitely depends on who is on duty. I've asked for extra rice or extra beans, and some workers are tightfisted, while others are more reasonable or even generous. (Now, if this chain would be more cooperative regarding their tomato pickers, I'd have no qualms about frequenting Chipotle!! Yes, the political is personal...)
4	If Chipotle is considered fast-food (and they are fast outside of the lunch rush) then they are one of the better fast-food options out there.In general their food is solid, but the thing that i miss when I dine at other similar establishments is Chipotle's carnitas!  They have better carnitas than 80% of Mexican restaurants in town...and they go so well with their sweet corn salsa!
4	Burrito bowl to go, use the lid to mix everything up and then get a side of chips, ahhhh, delicious.  Love chipotle, especially the ambiance in this particular restaurant.  Enjoy!
4	I've heard so much chatter about this place that we had to stop in. The menu is set up just like a Qdoba (for those who might be familiar). You choose if you're having a burrito or a bowl, choose your protein (or vegetarian) then your extras. I had a vegetarian burrito with brown lime rice, black beans, pico de gallo and guacamole. The flavors were fresh, the textures on point and the serving size was massive. We also sprung for the $1.25 chips & salso; however, they didn't give us the salsa. The chips were delightful, not greasy and perfectly salted with a lime-salt that made my tastebuds jump for joy. Was I blown away? No. Did it satisfy the rumble in my tummy? Yes'sir.
3	The barbacoa could use some actual spice and it's a little expensive.
4	One of the best Chipotles in town. Friendly staff, quality food and one of the few locations that has a liquour license. (Margaritas and Coronas.) ;-)
2	I used to frequent this Chipotle--my one and only fast food indulgence--until I found out that most of their ingredients either are or contain GMOs. I'm sorry to say that they lost my business.
3	Good quick fast food, without the fast food calories, many options to have full blown siesta mexican, or go light.  I went light with a salad, very good.   I ding this spot for a couple reasons, no atmosphere at all, and it seems like standard food, nothing super special.  But, its filling and good value.   Would I go back, maybe once every two year, like I do with McDonalds, sometimes I crave it, but not often.
4	I used to regular this Chipotle for lunch years ago. Glad to see that the level if service hasn't changed. I ordered ahead and was in and out in minutes. My order was as I expected.
4	The chicken bowl was great! I also tried the cheese quesadilla and it wasn't bad. The hubby had a beef burrito and couldn't even come close to finishing it. He was only able to get a couple of bites of his steak quesadilla too. Overall-yummy!
4	I don't come to Chipotle often because of the price.  $7 seems much for a fast food burrito.  Regardless, I do like Chipotle.  They make a big and filling burrito.  They have a nice selection of toppings to go on their burritos and I appreciate that one of those toppings is brown rice.  I almost always get  my burrito with brown rice and black beans.  For a meat I alternate between chicken, steak and barbacoa.  Last night I opted for the barbacoa.  It is a spicy braised beef shredded up nice.  It has a ton of flavor and is always tender.  Unfortunately is is also always salty.  As good as it is I could do without the heavy salt.  Maybe last night I should have gone with the chicken or steak.  Those seem to have a more pure and fresh taste.  But that is why I alternate between the three.  I like them all depending on my mood.  Moving down the line as I create my custom burrito I ask for one of the four salsas.  Yesterday I went for the corn salsa but usually I go with the medium heat tomatillo and tomato salsa.  I rarely get the hot salsa and the mild is too much so.  The corn salsa was not at all hot but it was tasty.  The corn adds a nice texture in the buritto.  On top of my black beans, brown rice, barbacoa, and salsa I asked for sour cream and cheese.  That completed my order.  A quick swipe of the plastic money and I was on my way home to enjoy a warm burrito on a chilly night.  It was quick and easy and service was professional and courteous.  When all was said and done I was satisfied.  What more could you ask for?
1	Had a solid 1-star experience at this location that will keep me from going back.Dining room was pretty messy, which I can tolerate. A rude and inconsiderate staff is something different.Suffice it to say that I left to wash my hands and came back to discover that food I left on the counter had been thrown away by an overzealous employee. When I discovered what happened I was told there would be no replacement, but instead was directed to where I could get my food out of the garbage can.So eat at this Chipotle if you want to eat a restaurant where the staff thinks it's ok if you eat garbage.
5	LOve my salads !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Order on line then pick up fast and easy !!!!!!!
5	Chipotle never disappoints me !Only compliant today was that they didn't have any brown rice and I think they were short staff too Cus the line was so long.Other than that.. I love chipotle!
4	I'm not really a big Mexican food kind of person and I've been told that Chipotle isn't Mexican but I like coming here when I'm in Vegas. I usually get the the bowl with steak, guacamole, and the salsa stuff. Bottom line, it's good and it fill you up. I learned something  on this visit and that's McDonald's has it's hand in Chipotle.
5	Great staff, awesome location. It can get a little over crowded but the food is always perfect if you don't mind waiting. I prefer this location over the North Las Vegas location due to service
3	This particular Chipotle varies a lot on a day to day basis and the service all kind of depends on how busy it is, which I don't fault it for. The service is that of any fast foodish place and the people try to rush you down the line as quick as possible to serve the next customer. I usually get the same thing when I go there. Chicken burrito with black beans, sour cream, cheese, and brown rice. Kind of plan, but hey, still good. Once in awhile you get that person that doesn't quite know how to wrap a burrito and thus it falls apart easily, which makes me a little sad, but it's not really a big deal, since I generally end up eating them with a fork anyway. It's hard for me to be impressed with fast food joints because they are, well, fast food, but this place is at least pretty clean. It gets very busy at around noon though, so if you come wait until later if you have a chance. There is outdoor seating and parking usually isn't a problem to find. The service is sub-par and once and awhile they make mistakes. Nothing that good or bad about the place. Just, eh.
2	Chipotle is suppose to be a quick service type of thing right? Unless there's like a line of people who want to grub then it's not so fast, but that's TOTALLY UNDERSTANDABLE and kay. What's not okay is not being prepared for business and notttt knowing how to smile, be friendly, and handle weird situations such as what happened earlier. They ran out of brown rice and steak. Swear, we had a staring contest with them. My sister and I asked how long it will take and the employees told us 3 minutes for the rice and 5 for the steak. So we waited and didn't mind. We stood back in line and they said three more minutes. It's disappointing. Imagine you working a long day and have been amping up for good food to relax an chill only to come home to it being gone.Basically, the service we got today wasn't good. Unfriendly staff, unable to tell right timing for food, and incomplete stock of food. I'm still gonna go back because chipotle is yummy, but today was myeh.
3	This location has really not been good lately.I am a fan of Chipotle in general. I used to come here at least a couple times a month.Lately though... just not as good.It seems as though they just aren't as attentive or caring about preparing you a quality meal.
2	Okay I've had it up to here with this location. I've written letters before because they have been out of guacamole, chips, and crispy tacos numerous times. They always seem to be running low on something. This time in particular I went to fulfill my Chipotle craving and the girl preparing the food tells me they're out of chicken o_O I asked her if I could wait and she said no because none of the Chipotle locations in Las Vegas have chicken... Excuse me? Look. I need them to get it together because this is ridiculous. On top not having chicken at any location in town, this chick was rude about it. I'm sure she was annoyed because everyone had been complaining about the chicken all day, but there should've been a sign in front to give us a heads up before we all waited in line for the news. I settled for steak tacos but it was not the same. Guess I'll be taking my money to Baja Fresh.This is all I got for Yelp but I bet they will be hearing from me.
1	I honestly don't know why I continue to come to this location. The food here just isn't good. The first time I came here the guy serving my food had a cold and had a running nose and it was messy. I thought I would give it another try but the food just doesn't taste good. Not pleased
4	Had the Quesarito (on the secret menu); it was really good!
2	I was not impressed with their barbacoa, Cafe Rio is wayyyy better! Their prices suck... $3.50 for chips and 2 oz of guacamole? Wtf?
1	Good afternoon how are you? I would like to inform of my not so pleasant experience at your chipotle located on Rock Springs and Lake Mead in Las Vegas, Nevada. I arrived at the location around 2 o clock they were pretty busy so I didn't mind the little wait they had, but when it was my boyfriend and I turn to order I ordered a steak bowl and he ordered a chicken bowl. I was told it'll be a couple seconds before the steak was ready because they had run out. There was one gentleman who also wanted steak before me so they brought out this little bit that looked like it barely had been cooked, I told them it was a little to undercooked for me so I asked if there was anyway I could just get the next batch and Carmen rolled her eyes and said no that's how it comes. I go to Chipotle all the time and have never received meat as raw as that. I took a photo for you guys to see if you would like. I told Carmen I didn't appreciate her attitude and she started laughing I then told the manager about her attitude who also started laughing. Very unprofessional and I will probably never return to this location again.
1	Their steak burrito is straight out NASTY. Every piece of meat was lard, fat and who knows whatever else.  I wouldn't feed it to my dog.  This is the only chipotle ive ever had a bad experience with.  All of the employees,  especially the manager should be all fired for their extreme unfriendliness
1	They constantly screw up orders and they are very rude. If you say anything, they screw up your order intentionally...seriously. Our last order here was absolutely disgusting, and we have vowed to never order food from this location again.
2	I don't know how they managed to serve me a cold burrito but that just happened. Also 70 cents cheaper than in San Diego.
4	When you go to a fast food chain like this, there is really only two things you are looking for.  Is the food good and was it done correctly?The prices were fair, no different than any other place.  The service was nice. IT was quick and easy.  I'd go back if I ever was in the area
2	The worst customer service from the guys, the girls were being accommodating. They were not prepared for a lunch rush, no brown rice almost out of white (the base of everything pretty much!) the manager came out and looked around and went back to whatever he was doing in the back. You can tell management is the problem. They had no system or help.
1	Whoa. I got a $10 burrito that looked and tasted like a 99 cent bean and cheese burrito from del taco. Nice job, guys. At least the laughter kept my belly full.
1	The line was absolutely insane. And not that it was abnormally busy for dinner time on Friday night, the workers just didn't have their crap together. They had two people adding ice to the soda machine the entire time I was there (more than 20 minutes, seriously?!)   That took whoever was supposed to be running the register away. Somehow they thought that my son's taco should be shell and meat only. They were out of chips. Everything was cold (rice, beans, meat). And it seemed like a huge inconvenience to ask them anything (my kids had never been there, so we had questions about the kids meals). We planned to eat there, but I ended up wanting to bring it home so I could have warm food, reheated in the microwave. Do you think they offered a bag for me to carry 3 meals outside? Nope. I'll not return to this location, and apparently I now need to ask for warm food.
