3	Manhattan Express rollar coaster in New York New York Hotel Casino that runs inside and outside the hotel, a fun affect, very small.  Loud when inside the hotel. $13 for the first ride.  Located on the Mezzanine level near the Zumanity Theater.
4	It was a good ride, exciting and great view. Some of the tracks are hidden in the hotel and that's cool. And it was fun when I watch the coaster climbed on the tracks and did a fast run then heard ppl screaming, ha ha. I was there, yeah.
4	This ride was surprisingly fun...especially after a yard long margarita. It definitely served as a nice break from the madness of the strip.
4	A roller coaster on the outside of a hotel? Unheard of. I have rode this coaster many times, but the last was quite scary! It was on 4th of July and there was lightning and thunder blazing in the horizon and I'm on the coaster already terrified of the speed and flips and turns and being so damn high in the air. The lightning and thunder just increased the thrill!
5	Ride it at night! It is more fun and thrilling to see Vegas all lit up from atop the climbs.They snap your photo after you drop out of the corkscrew, when you are running parallel to the strip. I tell you this so you can prepare; don't look like a puss to everyone else trying to find their picture after the ride.They take credit cards so have it and ID ready at the cashier. You'll board the coaster faster.
4	Actaully, I was really surprised by this ride.  I thought the wait would take forever and it looked like the ride would be short.  I mean, it looked cool, but I didn't expect it to be that fun.  However, the wait didn't take very long, which is always good.  My cousin and I finally made it up to the register, but we realized we didn't have enough money.  The cashier lady told us just to get the money and come back to here.  That was great since our wait line didn't go in vain.So, we made it up to the ride.  The drop was steeper than I expected, and the ride was longer too.  There were a bunch of turns, and a couple of drops here and there.  And the drops were insane.  I got that crazy stomach feeling everytime.
5	I love this ride only because it was on CSI: Las Vegas....Its a place where Grissom rides when he has a rough night on the job!Yes I watch CSI and YES I am a dork...and YES I've purchased CSI shirts from this place, which I will never do again because the off the strip cheap T-Shirt joints sold it for way cheaper!!! DAMMIT!
1	ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow
1	Ok so I'm a rollercoaster guru....and this rollercoaster....yea...I got a stiff neck too. I mean it was fun. But it's like getting in consecutive car accidents. I like em more fluid. Not like WWE....
1	So, I'm going to walk through a maze of children and blinking lights to pay $15 to ride a ride that's going to give me mini-whiplash?Uh, yeah, no thanks.I mean, it's fun and all (after the virtual raping you get with the price of it), but the next day you're going to be paying for it.  You may as well get drunk with that money - your head won't hurt as badly.People need to realize this town was built on gambling, not thrill rides for chrissake,But secretly, I wish it was built on Rock and Roll.
4	I promised myself I would have to do a few tacky stuff in Vegas. And riding the coasters would be one of them.I found out that the Stratosphere shut its coaster down 2 weeks prior, so that leaves NY NY. I would have wussed out if it weren't for my sil, who's game for any thrill.We paid $12 each for our ride, and I was hoping we won't be scorched by the heat and have to strip our hands from the hot handrails. No such worries. The rails are padded, and the breeze caused by the coaster was a welcome.It was funnnnnn. I rode it twice, once in the day, and one more on a re-ride pass for $6 at night. I thought the night ride would be more spectacular, what with all the Vegas lights. But really, the day ride offers more for the eyes to see. The ride is so fast that I could hardly feast on anything at night, but running lights. My husband thinks the ride was too jerky. The rough ride didn't bother me as much as the shoulder pain caused by me pulling the harness down too tightly. In a nutshell, do it!
2	You better have a great chiropractor before your step foot on this rigorous ride.  My fiancee and I decided to ride the Manhattan Express after receiving a 2 for 1 coupon from the front desk.  We decided that we might as well take advantage of the offer and check it out.  Our faces of regret lit up the Vegas Strip.  After the ride, my neck and shoulders were throbbing with sharp pains, asking me why I decided to take part in such foolishness.  The next day is when I really felt it.  I will never ride this roller coaster again, even if it was for free.  If this is a small taste of how a taxi ride is in Manhattan, New York, you can count me out from future visits.
4	Ok, after living in Vegas for years & hearing all of my out of town buddies rave about this coaster, I had to try it.  Somebody call me a freakin' doctor!, I've had train wrecks with less bodily injuries!  BTW, I still liked it!
1	I hate to do this, but this is one of the worst roller coaster experiences I've ever had.  The restraint system hurt my neck.  For $14, the coaster itself isn't horrible, in fact it has a nice little 180 flip and roll, but overall, I was dissapointed.
2	my earring ripped off. yeah... ripped off. no, my ears weren't bleeding; i had one of those safe-bracket hoop earrings on. i know, why the hell was i rockin' earrings? because i always have to look fabulous, ok?! LOLthe ride is short, fast and bland. wow, that sounds like an ex boyfriend of mine. everyone has been hyping up this ride for ages- so all of my friends got on the rip-off of a ride and basically came off the ride pissed off. my head kept banging against the safety guard and that eventually ripped my earring off completely. ugh. the line is long, the staff is rude- i will never go back on this ride unless someone PAYS for me. lol.
2	I absolutely love roller coasters, but no coaster on this planet is worth 14 bucks a pop. Going on this ride twice costs about the same as an all day pass to 6 flags.  its an ok ride, but I'd rather bet those 14 dollaz on red.....now there's something that will get my heart racing =)
3	I love a roller coaster ride, and with a view of the strip as you roll around on this ride, it was fun. It loses two stars for the following reasons, the price! They want $15 for a damn ride? Jesus...are they not making enough in this hotel casino??? But I guess it is nice that they gave us NY prices on a NY themed coaster.
4	I actually had a really fun time!  We rode it at night and the view with all the Vegas lights was awesome.  I didn't expect to like it, so maybe that's why I liked it so much.  I even bought the photo--this is the first time I have done that for any ride.  The obvious downfalls are price and the length of the ride is too short.
4	$14 your first ride and $7 for a second.  Expensive but sooo fun!  I went twice and each time was just as much fun.  It shoots down really fast and does this huge loop and turns sideways and you get to see the strip and all the colors blend together... a really good roller coaster and it was not really short!  Try it!
4	$18/ride or $52 for Family 4 Pack includes qty.2 5X7 photos.  Good deal.  We looked more like a scene out of Diff'rent Strokes: Nueva Familia - with a red head, me and 2 blonde males that could not be more different from each other.  Any who, we popped our friend's roller coaster cherry.  It was about time.The ride was short but fun and just not long enough.  Kinda reminded me of something else.
4	Kind of a huge roller coaster fan, and I'd seen this ride on several of those TV shows about roller coasters. (Don't judge me.) This ride was a blast! Interesting way to view the Strip and really fun, too. It's expensive, but you don't go to Vegas to balk at the prices of fun, you know?
3	The Manhattan Express roller coaster is over-priced and over-rated. The roller coaster isn't particularly memorable although you might remember that you spent more than $10 on your ride, that you saw a great view of the strip, and that several signs told you not to ride the roller coaster if you were drunk or pregnant (way worse if you were both drunk and pregnant!). I'm surprised there is a line for this fairly mediocre roller coaster experience...
3	Sadly this is the best Roller-coaster in Las Vegas. It's not a bad one but it is a little pricey. The best part is the view of the strip.
3	Not unlike the midtown express, this roller coaster clicked and clacked its way through the hotel and around the exterior. I loved the first huge drop, and some of the loops outside the casino. Very well done for a short and bumpy ride.
3	my friends were feeling touristy and wanted to ride this. in my head i was like wtf i don't want to pay $14 to ride this roller coaster...but i decided not to be the difficult one and went along with itto my surprise the ride was actually pretty popular. the line went by fast though (as the ride is probably only around a minute and a half). there was a "family package" so we got 2 photos out of it along with the ticket ($14/person) ... still pretty ridiculous paying $14 but...whatever...it turned out to be a lot more fun than i had expected! so, good work new york new york.  its a fun touristy thing to do. personally i think its only worth going on once. i think you're pretty lame if you pay $14 to ride this ride more than one time..........
3	I'm a huge fan of rollercoasters, so this one was just okay when you compare it to Busch Gardens, for example.  Yes, it may be rickety, but there are tons of flips and turns that even I had to shut my eyes once or twice.  The view is spectacular, so even though it was $14 (plus 50 cents for the locker), we had a fun time.  I'd be all for going again the next time I'm in Vegas... especially since I've heard the rides at Stratosphere are awful.
3	A pretty decent roller coaster, but simply ok. It isn't what you would expect to find if you went to Six Flags, but still a great balance. Definitely will thrill the novices that don't want to go and will qwell some of the needs for the die-hards! It has two loops and in between a few great views of the strip!Line runs pretty quick and there is the lockers if you need it! Kind of on the pricier side but it's vegas...come on!
3	I know it's pricey.  (About 15 bucks...)I know there are better (ROLLER) coasters out there.  (In the US, not necessarily LV)I know it's a touristy thing to do.Still I have to say at night, you can have some amazing views of the strip.  Additionally the camera at night can capture all sorts of fun and interesting photo ops.  Keep in mind, the the what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas thing applies to that camera too, flashing of any kind gets it taken off the screen.  Even if you are a dude...  (My "friend did it" not me.)Oh yea, BTW they discourage heavily intoxicated people on this ride.  And pregnant people too.   Hopefully not both, but for far other more health oriented reasons....
3	It is a nice ride considering that there really aren't any other options, but it is expensive for what you get.  I say 3 stars because of the novelty of riding a roller coaster around the hotel and through the casino.I would recommend that a roller coaster enthusiast check it out, but if you are simply looking for a good view of The Strip there are much better ways to accomplish that.
2	this is soooo not fun! we barely made it on they were closing we were the last to get on. starts straight up damn near then whoooo straight down, then all over the place round and round sideways loopde loop.  no thank you! four and one half minutes of pure hell, i figured it would for sure come off the tracks.  thanks a lot, linda!  i'm still trying to recover my stomach won't be the same for about a month. i'd give ONE star but gets two because it makes her SOOO happy! never again (i hope!) two days after i rode on this i looked at it from across the street at the mgm grand and said to myself "i can not believe i rode that thing".
5	I'm a roller coaster fan but always passed up the Manhattan Express for bigger better things while in Vegas.  Now, I don't know why I ever did!  The ride is a whopping $14 but totally worth every penny!  The Manhattan Express is located on top of the New York-New York hotel and through the arcade (just follow the footprints on the ground!).  It was the longest and scariest coaster I have ever been on!  When you get to the top, you realize just what you got yourself into.. As you drop down towards The Strip, there is no turning back.  We waited for the front row which wasn't very long and it was so worth the wait.  We screamed the entire time!  They also do the unflattering camera pictures right as you are screaming your lungs out.  This is something I am going to do every time I come back to Vegas!  Fun times!
4	It's a roller coaster. It goes fast. It goes upside down. It's fun. It jostles my head and neck a little bit. It makes me laugh.It's $14 a ride. Pricey? Yes. You're in Vegas, get over it.
4	My bf and I wanted to go on this ride but wasn't sure if we had time since we were so pooped walking around during the day.  Luckily it was going on at night and we weren't sure about going on since we had a show to catch but the guy said there was "no wait."  We thought we got duped 'cuz the line did look long however, it went by pretty fast and we made it to our show!The roller coaster itself isn't very smooth since you can tell it's kind of old but it was GREAT.  Maybe it was because it was at night and the view was amazing but in general the ride itself gave you views of the strip and had great turns all around.  It felt pretty long to me too so it's great.  It's 14 a person but when can you say that you took a ride in a rollercoaster with a view of the Las Vegas strip AND do it all dressed up in suit and tie or dress. LOL. Awesome
4	If I lived in Vegas, I would go on this ride everyday. Call me insane, but I am in love with adventure parks. If I go a full year without being on a roller coaster, I would be so dreadful.For some reason, I'm just in love with this ride even though it's not the best roller coaster I've been on. Trust me, this coming from a girl who lives close by Six Flags Great Adventure. But there's something ecstatic about this ride but $12.50 sure as hell isn't worth the price at all. A nighttime ride is more joyous as you can see a pretty glowing Vegas, while you're screaming.
1	WTF? I almost broke my damn neck on this ride.Bumpy and raggedy. $14.PARKING: Self park, thru the casino, thru the arcade... WALK TIME: 10 mins top
3	There comes a moment in your life when something finally tells you..."Maybe you really aren't as young as you once were, or think you are."I think that moment has finally caught up to me while here at the Manhattan Express roller coaster set on top of the exterior of the New York New York Hotel in Las Vegas.  This ride brings back memories of my sister and I when we used to ride this thing over and over again as youngsters.  Now, mid 20s, I find myself scared shitless to be plummeting down and upside-down the side of a hotel with speeds topping close to 70 mph.  For someone whose daring as can be, to have finally reached that point of my adult life where I must be honest with myself, and accept the fact that I might actually prefer a calmer lifestyle...(Hence, my spa life), this realization is huge. Still, being the sister I am, I agreed to give this ride another chance, as it definitely brings back ton's of memories for my baby sis and I. One ride is now $14.00.  I remember years back when it was like $8-10.  What I do like about the ride is the safety bar which is a separate shoulder press and a lap bar.  And for a roller coaster on the side of a hotel...two is definitely better than one!Aside from the steep price, and ghetto youngsters operating the ride while bumping their loud hip hop music, the Manhattan Express is definitely worth the try and excitement to say that you've ridden on the top and side of hotel once in you life...but not being as young as I once was, I was slapped with a killer headache in the end.    Once is enough, no need to purchase an all day pass for one roller coaster.
3	$14 per person, the ride last like 3 minutes it's pretty fun takes you outside of the hotel and flips you around, If your in Vegas you should try this atleast once! Sit in the front!!!
5	I understand where the other reviewers are coming from, but for me this is one of my favorite roller coasters anywhere.  This may not mean that it's perfect for you -- just that it's perfect in my idea of what roller coasters should be.  (Well, except for the price, as everyone's mentioned...sigh...)  The views, the speed, the mix of drops, the turns...all outstanding.  The price has always been steep, but to me it's worth it.  (Well, once each visit, at least.)
4	we got the 4 people pack for $60 which included 2 photos.. otherwise its $15 eachhad a good time on it.. it was my second time doing it (first was 7 years ago).. it runs through the NY, NY hotel as well which is pretty cool
4	Fun roller coaster! It's a little bumpy & not exactly the most thrilling, but the experience of riding through the casino as well as outside is a happiness-inspiring one.
1	$14 dollars a person left me very disappointed.  Out of my many trips to Vegas, I had always wanted to ride the roller coaster at NYNY because I thought it was cool, which it was far from being cool.  It was about as fun as putting in 50 cents at the chucky cheese and sitting in one of those cars for little kids that swing back and forth.  , and not that I have, I must say that I'm quite disappointed.  An all day ride pass was $25 and if you just want to ride it one more time, you can pay and addition $7 dollars after you get off the first time.After you've been ripped off once, why in the world would anyone going on this piece of crap again.  Save your money  and donate it to the homeless guy on the sky bridge.
3	This is a pretty decent roller coaster, but you do need to keep your head still otherwise you'll get some whiplash.  But I had to try it while I was visiting Vegas and didn't regret paying for the tickets.  I won't be back to ride it a second time but it's something I had to try for the sake of being in Vegas!
4	There are some discounts to be had if you really look around.  $14 is a bit steep, we found a couple coupons that lowered it to $10 a person, which made the value that much better.  The views at night are a must, and the overall time length of the ride is pretty impressive compared to other coasters.  *Beware though *- - the ride is a bit rough and you can get whiplash!
4	While this is not the Millennium Force or Maverick at Cedar Point it is a fun ride. The price to ride is steep but for my wife and I it was free because we were staying in the hotel.I was quite sick and dizzy after the ride for over an hour though. Thank God our room was right up stairs!
3	SO FUN! But a little overpriced. I'd be comfortable in the $5-10 range. It's $14-15/each. There are lockers to store stuff in for $.50. They take cards which is nice. Ride it at night! The chairs are really high so you can't see what's going to happen next as you're sitting upwards. The workers were playing heavy, somewhat explicit R&B/rap music so it miiight not be super-appropriate for younger kids. It appeared someone just had an ipod going somewhere over the speakers.
4	I give it four stars not because I had a good time but because if you love roller coasters (I don't ) you will love this ride.My bf and I had a deal when we came to Vegas.  He wanted to take me on the NY NY roller coaster and I said ok, if you will go to the top of the Stratosphere and look out with me.  The above is crazy talk for me as I hate heights but I thought I should test myself.So, we went first thing when they opened at 11am to the NY NY roller coaster.  My bf struggled to keep up with me as I charged to the top of the escalator taking the stairs on it two at a time.  I got to the top and rented a locker to place my backpack in.All the while, I'm ready all the safety notifications as if I have no knowledge of carnival rides whatsoever. We get in line and he pays for two tickets and everything is a blur for me.  I ask the cashier for a couple of tissues as "there might be crying" and she smiled as I walked toward my doom.We selected a car near the back of the ride, which in retrospect was probably a poor idea as I was later told by others that the back is the more bumpy ride (great).As we headed straight up initially, I could only see the blue Nevada sky and my first thought was, "My will is out of date".  Oh, well, I then decided that the only way I was going to get through this is by closing my eyes, which I did for the entire ride.I found the true meaning of acid reflux and I twisted upside down and around but we finally made it through.Then when we got out of the car, my bf wanted to pursue the pics.  I was, like, go ahead I'll be outside getting my stuff out of the locker.Long story short, I know, impossible now, right?  He bought the pics and I have a memory of that forever.What I didn't realize when we got back to our room at the Excalibur and opened a window (they open just a crack) I realized that you could look out and see as well as hear the people screaming on the coaster.  I continued to marvel the rest of the trip that I actually rode that coaster.Try it .  You'll like it??!!
5	WOOOOOOOOOOO!YEEEEEEEEEEEEE!AHHHHHHHHHHH!yes, thats me on a roller coaster. if youre one of those people that are super quiet on rides, im sorry-- but im usually that girl with my arms up and screaming and laughing the whole way :] dont mind me.anyways, this roller coaster is just one of the many on the strip. this one has ONE loop and it is pretty mild in my book. im spoiled since i live in so cal with disneyland, knotts and six flags in close distance. this coaster did give me a headache though, it was a little rough. if you have earrings you might want to take them out-- ouch! PLUS just a little side recommendation from me, i suggest to ride at night! the lights on the strip are pretty to look at when youre on the ride, WAYYY better than during the boring day time.ohh and this past weekend, it was about 40 degrees at night with a pretty cold wind chill-- i was definitely a popsicle at the end of ride. bundle up!
3	Good roller coaster. It has your loops, spirals, dips, corkscrews, inversions and it looks like a typical yellow New York taxi cab. $14 for a single ride is a bit harsh, but it is built in a casino in the middle of Las Vegas! The ride is rough, but you can see Vegas in a whole new light. Very fun. I tried to video tape (not allowed, shhhh) my buddies from sitting in the front but the head rest is so high I could only get my buddies directly behind me through the gap.
1	Not a bad ride. It has a couple of good drops.  But I give it one star because it is so not worth $14. And it is so rough and jerky that I did not want to ride it again even for half price.  The seats and restraints that come down over your shoulders are hard as a rock.  It was very uncomfortable. Not that I expect comfort in a roller coaster, but it should not give you a headache.
5	Yes, didn't look like it's that good, BUT WOW~~ It's fun! Especially you are outside the building and it swings you around!!! I say it's worth the money, just because there's never really a long wait for the ride either...GOOD!!!! AHHHHH
5	made me feel like a kid again!!  2 seats per row!! also the line was short when i was waiting...the beginnin and middle is crazy...but towards the end it gets lame!!!  overall freakin awesome...and great view...just hold on to your handle bars!!!
3	I mean, honestly, roller coasters are fun and this one is fun, but $14 per ride?!?  Overpriced for 5 minutes of entertainment, and the line took forever.
3	I would give this roller coaster four stars if not for the price. $14 for one ride? Really? I must be dumb, because I went for it anyways. The first half of the ride is great, but it loses steam on the second half (read: gravity). You go through the standard loop, barrels, upside down twists, etc, but for some reason this ride is really jerky.If you haven't been on too many roller coasters this might be something you'll want to try, especially since its a) in Las Vegas, and b) it wraps around and through the NY NY casino. My recommendation is to go on the ride after you have digested your last meal and not drink too much before getting on. Still, $14 is steep for just one ride.
1	As cool as this roller coaster looks and as neat as the concept is of winding your way around the New York cityscape, as other reviewers have said this coaster is probably best enjoyed by observing it rather than experiencing it. I have been on dozens of roller coasters at theme parks all over the country, and I've never been on a steel roller coaster that was this jerky and bumpy. In fact, i've been on wooden roller coasters that were much smoother than this one. After I was done riding it, I felt like my brain had been thrown around and I was sore in multiple parts of my body. Not in a good way, either. It just seems like it was very poorly designed and the bumpyness of it takes away from the whole experience. The fact that it's so much money just for one ride also makes this not a very wise decision either. For $14 you can almost take your whole family for $3.99 steak and eggs at Tuscany. Probably the only good thing I can say about it is that the line wasn't very long, I only had to wait maybe 10 minutes to get on the ride. I love roller coasters, but this is one that I'm sure I won't be returning to anytime soon.
2	this is pretty much a kiddie roller coaster.after the initial climb, i was getting ready to scream for the big drop...the big drop never came.if you just feel like going on a roller coaster, by all means do  it.if you are veteran of Magic Mountain, Knotts Berry Farm, or any of the other theme parks across the country, you have probably experienced a better ride.
1	This isn't a roller coaster, it's an instant-headache machine, and an expensive one at that.This is the jerkiest bumpiest roller coaster I've ever been on. I conked my head into the barely cushioned steel pads on either side and spent the rest of the ride trying (unsuccessfully) to prevent smacking my head again. While on the ride you can't see over the seat in front of you, and the ride itself isn't so much thrilling as painful.
3	Fun roller coaster very fast and fun. Te only down side is it is very rough ride for you but fun though.
2	It's a good experience to have for the scenery, if not the ride, especially if you go at night.  That said, I've gone on it twice now, will probably hit it up one last time in a few weeks, as the girlfriend says that during our post-Vegas-wedding mini honeymoon we're going to spend a day hitting as many coasters and thrill rides on the Strip as we can.Really, though, the Yelp definition of a 2 star attraction - "Meh.  I've experienced better." is pretty much perfect here.  The rickety old coaster at the beach here in San Diego is a little bit smoother and only slightly less exciting, and it's approaching 100 years old.  Ladies - remove your earrings.  You will bang your head repeatedly as this sucker creaks along the tracks - definitely the roughest steel coaster experience ever.
3	==Roller Coaster==It was an OK ride. Nothing fancy like a theme park's coaster. And it's pricey. But hey, at least ride this once if you don't visit Vegas too often so you can tell your friends "Yup, I rode the coaster at New York New York at Vegas!" Except a pretty long line. As expensive as it is, people still want to ride it. Just experience it once, and ride it at night. Everything at night is better in Vegas.
4	Pretty cool roller coaster!!! Take you from the inside to the outside and around the hotel, got some nice senses!!!
4	Awesome... Check it out, grab your babe catch some laughs and laugh at your picture....do it!
5	Wicked awesome plunge.  Do it.  Twice or more.  Come at ten am opening.
3	One of those things you have to do if you haven't already, but definitely NOT worth the price...it's $12 for a ride! I think there's a discount for loyalty members at the hotel. There's also a ride package if you want to ride more than once. GO AT NIGHT! There's great views of the strip on the ride. It's not that hardcore of a ride...one big drop at the beginning and it goes upside down on a loop.
5	This ride is crazy cool! A must try if you have the balls, and if you are staying long enough, and when the weather is tolerable, buy the all day pass, which is 25 bucks instead of the one time ride 14 bucks. I lucked out and got on for free because the three some in front of us had a 2 for 1 passes and a third wheeler, obviously. This was the only roller coaster that I have ever been on in Vegas. A must try! However there is a height limit and rules so be sure to read them alllll before you have the ride of your life!
4	got free tickets for this ride..horrible headache afterwards and def a thrill..i thought i was going to die and screaming for my life but it was a blast lol..li wish i could go again. its a short ride..i wish it wasnt always going extremly fast..then id look around a little more..pretty awesome havin vegas benith u. loved the ride =)
2	It is a fun roller coaster but not worth $14 a person!!  That's half the admission price for a full day to Six Flags.  Guess they have a captive audience.They have always offered a 2-for-1 locals discount but didn't offer that when we rode this weekend.  If I didn't have an out-of-town guest with me, I would've walked away.It's a rough ride but fun nonetheless.
4	I used to be scared of roller coasters, but I'm slowly becoming a fan...I've been to Vegas at least 10 times since the NYNY Roller Coaster was erected, but only had the guts to go on it this past trip (August 2011). It's the biggest roller coaster I've ever been on, which I guess isn't saying much - but for me it is!!  We bought our tickets a few days before at the Luxor box office (3 attractions for $54), and got to the ride our last night in town.First of all, I showed the ticket people our pre-paid tickets & they pointed us into the direction of the line. We follow the gate thing where it ends at a dead end! Then they point us another way to a different area...OK, fine. We get up to the main guy and I show him the tickets, he says we have to exchange them for a different ticket from the very people who first told us to go the wrong way!! WTF!!Thankfully; we both didn't have to get out of line, so we didn't have to start all over in line, but still!! Anyway, we got on the ride and it's your typical roller coaster - starts off slow with the slow creep up to a high point with a steep drop down, then a few more of those, a loop, cork screw, etc. I thought it was a great ride!! I may have never been to 6 Flags or anything, but I liked this coaster! I also like screaming for no reason - that's why my throat was very dry at the end of this ride!!
1	Bought our tickets right there in line for $14 per person (4 of us).  Our group consisted of 21, 30, 46 & 47 year olds.  It was daytime so the line wasn't long at all and moved quickly.  We got to the front of the line and are told we can't take our bags on the ride and they pointed towards lockers.  We put our stuff away and they took us next in line so no extra waiting just wondering why the people who sold us tickets never said anything about our stuff?!?  Benefit was those lockers were more convenient when we exited the ride.This is the worst roller coaster I've ridden in a long time.  There isn't a good place to put your hands and it bounces you around so badly that it gets uncomfortable while riding.  I found myself wishing it would just end.  When it ended, our bodies were already sore and then the next day we all felt worse.  My shoulders actually felt bruised for several days following our ride.My daughter and I had ridden this coaster about 10 years ago (at night) and do not remember it being like this. I do agree with other reviews that riding at night is awesome with all the lights of the strip.  But I wouldn't ever stand in that long line to ride this coaster again unless I know it's been redone!
2	If you don't mind being banged up, then try this Vegas staple. If you've been to Coney Island and have tried and liked the Cyclone, then you'll love this ride. Otherwise, this ride will knock you out, seriously. The restraints are like fist that punch you in the neck with every turn. For a pipe roller coaster, it's poorly designed, imo.
4	Fun for all ages - I recommend going at night.  I admit that I'm a sucker for roller coasters and thought that this one would be too tame for me, but it offers a great view of the South end of the strip and the crisp night air and darkness made it a little more appealing.  Kids and grown-ups alike should try it!
4	Not quite as good as some of the uber-modern coasters at dedicated amusement parks (6 flags, Universal Studios, etc) but for an attraction at a hotel its really good!Worth getting the all day pass unless you're only going to ride it once. I think at three rides you break even or save some money, and the pass is good until midnight. Ride it once or twice, go do some gambling and come back for more!
4	Lots of laughs and screams on this ride. Priced right for Vegas. This would have been 5 a star if the ride was a little longer.
3	Rode at night, which was way cool. And the ride was decently long and had several fun sequences. But it's almost violent in its motions, and this detracts from its delightfulness.
5	Okay... so I'd definitely consider myself 'a local girl'... comin from Oahu... BUT roller coasters I la la looooove!!!... and sadly... we don't have ANYTHING cool in Hawaii. (EPIC FAIL for that!)Sooooo of course I had to hit up the New York New York in LV to ride the roller coaster... and for those of you hatin on the $14 (one ride) tab... you're in VEGAS remember?! EVERYTHING is expensive... that's why it's a tourist trap!.... I mean you'll prolly pay $12 in Hawaii for a alcoholic beverage in a pineapple... that would prolly cost you $5 back home... same principle! In any event, they also have an all day pass for almost $30 and you can get yer thrills as many times as you can stomach!I LOVE ROLLERCOASTERS. LOVE LOVE LOVE em. This one is AWESOME! Lots of twists, turns, loops, speed, etc! As the rating states... woohoo! As good as it gets!
3	3 stars just for nostalgia. I remember spending a lot of time in NYNY as a kid during one of my family's many visits here. $14 is a steep for one ride but it's fun and kills some time on the strip. It's a must do on the strip at least once. For the kids, the more rides you take, the cheaper they get! Don't bring any purses or anything with you or be prepared to be raped by their locker charges.
4	pretty nice view from the roller coaster.  you get to see all the hotels around, the lights and everything.  watching people ride the roller coaster while you're walking on the strip makes you want to ride it.  doing this allows you to check that item off your list.  the thrill factor of the ride itself is not anything amazing compared to what is at a real amusement park, but it's not like riding a merry-go-round either.  all in all, a worthwhile experience for $15.
1	I might be jaded since I often get free access to a lot of things in LV so I don't have to justify the cost of shows/rides and I feel it gives me a more objective viewpoint on things.So here we go:This roller coaster sucks.  You are constantly being jolted back and forth, up and down.  If you didn't have back/neck pains before you will after it.  The ride is short, very short.  It's over before you even have a chance to get into it.  It certainly has the possibility of being a good ride since the location/Setting is awesome but it was just very poorly done.  They need to scrap it and start over. This coaster is a PASS.The roller coaster in Circus Circus Adventuredome is much better, but then again you do have to go to Circus Circus, and I wouldn't recommend anyone do that.  That's unless you need one more thing to tip you off before committing suicide.
4	Locals get free re-ride, military get half price. Went with a friend whose in the military and I'm a local so we got 2 rides each for a total of 14.00. Rollercoaster isn't Six Flags standards. Best part of it was the initial drop, best to go at night, good view of the strip. Reccommended: Wait for the front seat of the ride, even if your scared of rides you'll enjoy it more overall if you wait and you'll get a better view. I reccommend doing it atleast once even for the 14 dollar price tag.
4	VERY fun! the lines were outrageous but it was worth it.. the roller coaster is kinda bumpy & long.. but it will have you super PUMPED. highly recommend riding at night!
4	Was in Vegas with the company for a convention last week, and had a chance to ride this (ok, I admit it...saw it, and HAD to ride it).  Disclaimer - I'm a roller coaster freak....prefer the old wooden ones, find the newer tubular ones not as exciting.....but occasionally find one I like. This is one of those.Rode it twice - first time, due to being in a large group, rode in back (rule of coasters...if you can't be in the front, be in the last car....whipping is intensified).  The HUGE downside....you gotta stick your head out the side to see what's coming up - and you WANT to see what's coming up, I assure you.Upside...top of the first climb, AWESOME view of Vegas (well, at night, there is...that's when I did this).Fun, fast ride...no intensive shocks side to side....just fast, forward, and fun!  A loop is followed by a corkscrew, followed by the coaster slowing down during some quick bumps.   All in all, about a 45-50 second ride, but worth it.Tip 1 - ride twice.  First ride is $14 (by Vegas standards, cheap).  2nd time is half that.Tip 2 - ride in the front car.  Otherwise you won't see much, other than out the side.Downside:- asinine local kids work there.  Coworker was told to put down her camera phone - she was "too slow", so snotty 18 year old tells her "I've told you twice, I'm not going to tell you again".  Geesh.- lockers.  TOTAL rip.  They require you to empty your pockets (ok, given the loop and corkscrew, not a bad idea), then gouge you for a locker rental.All in all, though, worth doing, assuming no lines (which was our case).  I wouldn't stick around a long time waiting for it, that's for sure.
4	Not worth it if you are going to close your eyes the whole time.I don't think I'd ride it again just because it's a good chunk of change to ride it, but it was worth it to at least say I rode it. It was fun, and we went kinda late at night (10? 11? I forget...) so there was not as many people. They also have a couple going at the same time so we did not have to wait very long. So, if you're going to ride it, I suggest you go at night and you wear a sweater. Oh and bring some change to store your stuff in a locker because they won't let you take anything with you.
3	Overpriced fun! Doesn't that kind of sum up a lot of the attractions on the Strip though? If you like roller coasters, this ride is worth riding at least once. It's better if you ride at night (although it's cheaper during the day) and wait for the front seat in my opinion. Local and military discounts are offeredNo purses, phones and so on allowed on the ride but there are lockers available for $.50. Also overpriced photos of you screaming like a baby can be purchased after the ride as well!Wheeeeeee!!!
4	If you've walked around the casinos and eaten a bunch of food already, why not try something new in the day time? This was definitely on my bucket list for daytime Vegas. I LOVE rollercoasters, so of course I had to do this one. As we were going up, I actually thought J and I were going to die. We reach halfway up the hill and J starts cursing at me. Three quarters of the way, we're both crying and holding each other, and finally at the top we've both become Jehovah's Witnesses. The ride is fast, thrilling, and dangerous. I mean c'mon...how often do they test these things? But the fear of dying is half the fun!Best time to ride this rollercoaster is at night. It's high enough to see everything sparkle if you have 20/20 vision. If you're as blind as a bat like me, make sure you put your glasses in the safety locker outside the register. It's only $0.50, but you're not allowed to take anything in hand with you. I ended up breaking my glasses because I kept them in my pocket. Just my luck!-1 cause the ride is so pricey! But I do commend them on the organization and speed of the lines.
2	This roller coaster use to seem a lot better. But this last ride I went on was terrible. The coaster is very bumpy for a metal coaster. I actually got a little sick feeling from all the shaking of the ride. The attendants are rude, they have stupid rules to make you put your stuff in their lockers. I would not pay the $14 to ride here. Go to the Desperado at Stateline, a much better ride for the money.
4	Too much money, but too much fun!  We found that a nice beer afterward really settles the old tummy.  I loved it.
4	I'm a roller coaster wus, so for me, this coaster was plenty scary enough. Of the silly tourist things to do, I think this one is worth it. I just wish I'd openned my eyes more often.
4	This is one a few must-stops for me whenever I'm in Vegas.Yes, it's $14, and that's a lot-welcome to Las Vegas! That's the name of the game-expensive. But in my mind, Vegas is something I do only every once and a while and when I do, I like to go all out.The first thing I have to note is that I've never waited more than around 10 minutes in line. If memory serves, they usually only send one train (maybe two?) but they're efficient at getting folks on and off.The ride itself is a little jerky, sure. But it's also a ton of fun. It's fast and exhilarating, especially for a roller coaster built in the middle of a strip of hotels and casinos. If you get the chance to ride at dusk or after dark, it's even better to see the lights of Vegas as you fly through the track.If you like roller coasters, this is definitely worth a stop when you're in Vegas.
4	Nice coaster but to pricey for the ride!
4	Wehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Yup I went on the roller coaster at New York New York. Sweet fun and fast ride. Lil jerky like true New Yorkers pardon the pun. Lil expensive but New York soaks ya for everything. Was great!!!!!
3	My third time in Vegas and we decided a roller coaster on the strip was necessary.  And considering the NY NY coaster's first hill climb was literally outside our window, we opted for this one.$14, no wait as long as you don't want the front seat.  They took pictures even before you took off!  And you're off.  We waved to our room as we climbed up and up!  And then the pain begins.  Don't get me wrong, it was fun but OWW! And it bent one of my earrings.  Loops, cork screws and what felt like a bit over a minute later we were back inside the casino!  It went by I didn't have time to look out over the strip.  I'm glad I finally did one.  I can say I did it.  But I probably would rather use that $14 on an overpriced drink instead next time!
1	So ever since I was little I have wanted to get on this ride... My dad never let me, so FINALLY I get to go to Vegas 13 years later as an adult and YES, I went to ride this ride..... My excitement is going through the roof!IT SUCKED!!! It hurt like a MOTHER! My shoulders still hurt from it a week later! It is rough, bumpy, and annoying.I guess sometimes dad knows best!
4	It's a little pricey (about $15 a ride), but a fun ride. Locals get a buy one get one free deal with NV id's!
4	I was sooooo excited to have the opportunity to ride a roller coaster in and around a casino/hotel. Yes, I realize that I may be getting a little old to ride roller coasters and hate to admit that it makes me sick as hell, but who the hell cares? You are only "young" once. The lines to pay were weirdly inefficient but maybe it was because everyone, including us, made a mad dash to get in 10 minutes before they closed (midnight on the weekend). The ride was scary and hilarious at the same time (I didn't plan my shirt choice very well and I will leave it at that). My girlfriend and I laughed hysterically at our pictures. They were $15 a piece but $22 if you bought two. We decided to do that and split it. The employee gave me the most exasperated look when I asked him to charge two separate cards...really dude????? Be happy you got us to buy two and get over it. Besides that, this was a blast!
1	Oh My God! this ride ruined my night out!!! I came here around 10pm and had a small headache before. During the ride the tracks weren't smooth at all, causing my head to bobble like a bobble head.  I also have some strain on my neck and shoulers which hurts so so bad. After the ride was done, I had this MASSIVE headache it was worse than before I got onto the ride. It was like a tiger unleashed inside of my head and started "rawwwwwwring"! I had to walk so slow because of that. Funny how it caused some people to actually look at me while I was slowly walking down the stairs with two hands on the railing.I remember riding this ride 7 yrs ago, and I don't remember it being so bad as this. After all my years of riding roller coasters, this is my 2nd worse one yet!
1	I LOOOOOVE roller coasters and I have wanted to ride this one for years, I've been to Vegas probably 10 times and this was the first opportunity I had to ride it.What a letdown.  This coaster is in serious need of revamping.  The over-the-shoulder harness is *extremely* badly designed and since the coaster is far jerkier and less smooth than you'd expect for a metal coaster, your neck smashes into the bars constantly.  I didn't get to pay any attention to the ride because I had to spend most of the time trying (in vain) to hold my head steady so it wouldn't smash again.If this ride had smoother tracks and a modern, comfortable shoulder harness, it would be great, but until then, in the words of your friendly neighborhood college student, "it sucks ass."  I am SO glad I only bought a $14 single ride ticket instead of the $25 'all day' ticket that I almost bought.
1	I'm sure that everyone should at least try riding this coaster once. But after that, save your money for something more relevant in your life. My girlfriend has already rode this numerous times while I have only ridden it once. I'm glad that I got it overwith because now, I don't have any urge to pay a ridiculous $14 for a single ride that barely lasts 3 minutes.I hate to be bitter but there is nothing truly compelling about this ride. If you have been to Six Flags or any other amusement park, this is nothing to go head over heels for. The drops are maybe at most 155 ft with about a couple of loops. Not to mention the discomfort you have DURING the ride. If these are actual safety bars, I would expect them to safely guard my upper body. However, my head was vibrating like a cell phone against those shoulder bars. I was more focused on protecting my head and neck than the thrill.However, I did like that I rode this during the night because I got a pretty nice view of the whole strip during the ascension. Take a ride once but next time, spend that $14 on the roulette table instead where I'm sure the roulette takes more loops than this ride does.
4	I was a bit skeptical about riding a roller coaster in Vegas after long days of partying and site seeing but we figured it would be easier to ride after it just "rained". They are very strict about no loose items on the ride, i.e. purse, jewelry, glasses, phones, etc. They provide lockers for you to use, I think there was a $0.50 charge for each locker. The ride is $14 dollars and lasts a bit over 3 minutes. We waited in line for about 10- 15 minutes for the 1st car to open and hopped in. They take pictures of you before you get on the ride and one as it drops you many feet in the air. I screamed the whole 3 minutes thinking i was going to fall out especially when it looped around. Most f the ride is shaky and rocks you side to side so my neck received the tough end of the stick.
1	I was sooo disappointed!! It is old and weird...you can not see anything when you sit in the second row so it is no fun not to know what happens in a second...it looked and felt so old, it shook in a not amazing way!! Sometimes it felt like the whole coaster would fall apart...and $14 is too much for that!!!
2	Fun coaster, but it was quite expensive. A single rider goes for $14, or you can get an all-day pass for $25. There seems to be a decently long line at any given time. LOTS of kids.When you're seated, you pull a lap bar AND a shoulder bar over you. I'd be wary of the turns, and how you maneuver your body because the shoulder bars can knock you around a bit if you're not careful. You go down two large drops and one upside-down loop. The rest is a series of kind of awkwardly spaced 'bumps' and it really jerks your body (kind of painfully). It's not my favorite coaster, but for getting to ride a roller coaster in Vegas, I'd say it's pretty fun. You get a cool view of the city and some bruises.
3	Rollercoaster is awesome, but kind of expensive for a ride,  If you stay at the hotel then you get 2 free rides at checkin (you just have to ask).THere was never a line when I went, but its worth riding at night when your buzzing.  It is kind of a old rollercoaster so your sholders will hurt after.  I think each time I rode the coaster, I always had to take an advil because I always get a head ache and sore shoulders.
3	I decided to ride the Roller Coaster at New York-New York since the ride was on the power pass list. The power pass comes in handy at this ride because it enables you to go directly to the front. The first drop on the roller coaster is cool. You get a nice free fall feeling. After the first drop, prepare for a lot of head banging. The turns will leave you with a mini headache. This coaster needs better cushion to support the turns. I rode the roller coaster to check it off my bucket list in Las Vegas.
3	Short ride but fun. If you have a cell phone, keep it in your pocket while in line, or they will make you put it in a locker. They have cell phone police watching!!
4	Oh hell yes! Buy the ticket, take the ride. And if you have a Nevada ID, make sure to show it because you'll want to ride it twice, and Nevada residents get a second ride for free. Yeah, it's pricey but chances are you would spend the money on booze or slots anyway. At least with riding the roller coaster you get something you'll remember and can talk about later. As far as roller coasters go, it's not the steepest, fastest ride. But it's a steel track which for me means I won't walk away feeling like I just stepped out of a UFC ring from having bumps and bruises. The heartline roll, the signature part of this ride is pretty interesting for the coaster enthusiast to say they've experienced it. And there is nothing like looking up the Strip and down at the people as you go flying by. Definitely the stuff memories are made of. 4 Stars. When I have out of town visitors come in, this is on my list of sure fire attractions that never fails to leave them smiling from ear to ear. One tip: This ride is better in the dark as the contrast of the dark spaces vs the lights from the Strip just enhances the experience.
5	Husband loved it! He wanted to go again. I don't know if it was really five stars--I had to interpret the rating from his grin and this is my best guess.
1	DO NOT GO ON THIS RIDE.  It is extremely rough and knocks you around too much to even enjoy the ride. I neck and shoulders have hurt for 4 days.
4	We didn't do our research on this coaster and were pleasantly - thrillingly - surprised.  Great views, extreme steep drops and I won't spoil any more.  I left with the shakes and a significant (thankfully temporary) headache - totally worth it. Worth the cost of a margarita on the strip?  Yes, definitely.  Pay the $14 and wait in line for the first car.  We waited less than 10 minutes on a Sunday at 12pm in late September, could have walked on to a seat in the back.The staff hounded us to put our belongings in a $1 locker.  What a racket!  Well, we were singing a different tune halfway through the coaster, when my husband felt his expensive sunglasses slide out of his pocket and fly who-knows-where.  Biggest thrill of the whole thing was finding them in tact under my feet when it was done.  Suck it up and use a locker :)
3	I remember riding this rollercoaster when I was a kid when New York New York first opened back in 1997. The ride was fun and not to expensive compared to right now. They change the ticket price depending on the season just to get some extra $. The ride is located on the 2nd level of the casino where the Coney Island games are. They provide lockers for ride patrons and the line can get pretty long mostly at night. The cars are designed as New York cabbies with the yellow and black design which is pretty cool since it incorporates with the hotel theme In the end of the ride they have a photo flashing after going through the last loop and you can check it out in the video screen on the way out.
1	Terrible experience. Rude staff. Will never again frequent this hotel or anything to do with this hotel. Just tried to go on a simple ride. If you like employees waving their hands in your face as you're taking a picture or showing no concern for you as a customer, then this is the place to go.
1	Well, as for the coaster no complaints at all but as for the staff 1/10 probably the most unfriendly, rude and disrespectful employees I have encountered the 2 years I have lived in Las Vegas. Also, it's not local buy 1 get 1 it's get a free ride per ride you purchase so once you spend $28 for 2 you can ride again. Thanks for nothing-coming from a local and a member of management in the casino industry.
5	Im only a teenager and good lord there's nothing to do in Vegas if you're underaged. So, I bought an all day pass and rode it all day. Just make sure not to slouch because your head will bobble and give you a massive headache.
2	Im a bit of a adrenaline junkie. This was disappointing. I was hyped up to go on this. For the 14.00 price tag, it was a bit expensive. Given, the rollercoaster itsself, isnt bad. But, for 12.00 more, you can spend the day at adventuredome and go on a rollercoaster similar to this one, and have other options. Bottom Line- Worth one ride, but save your money and do something else.
4	This was fun because I was both exhilarated by the views of the Strip offered by riding this, and because I genuinely felt that at any moment the coaster would simply fall apart and I would plummet to a visceral death. Don't pay full price, though. There are always coupons online for 2-for-1. Use them, because this coaster is not worth $14/person. It's barely worth $7, but that's Vegas for you. They stiff you before you even get on the ride by declaring things like purses a "loose item", so you have to pay for a locker to store them. Because I'm sure it would have been exceedingly difficult to put some canvas sacks on the seat in front of riders like every theme park does. The trip itself was awesome. We got lucky and came on a slow morning, so getting the front seat was easy. Nothing more fun than 60+MPH speeds smacking the tears right out of your eyes. I looked like I just came from putting down my dog as we pulled in to the station once it was over. Worth doing once. Don't bother with a day pass.
3	This is not cheap and sadly you don not get what you pay for, but this is Vegas baby so it's not like this should be a surprise! It's not the best roller coaster but it's certainly not the worst. This is one of those things you can say you did and check off your list, and never do again.  The coaster is something fun and off beat to do in Vegas.
4	if you really think about it, this roller coaster is like life- it has its ups, downs, its loops and moments where you just wanna get off, jk. not the greatest roller coaster but still pretty fun. 50 cents for a locker room, really tho? fascist scheme!! check it outtt brah
3	I love kitsch. Not in my day to day life, but in a place where I expect it. And where better to expect it than Vegas? Headed to the coaster with the crew I'm traveling with this weekend and held their belongings while they risked life and limb. That said, I have thoroughly interviewed them in order to write a review.For some reason, I love how you get to the coaster, through the casino, up the escalator, past Nathan's, through the arcade... the anticipation builds as you make the trek, reminiscent of the midway at Coney Island. There was virtually no line on Saturday. I'm not sure if that's because it had been closed the day before or because they have a good system but I was able to walk to the waiting area with all the bags and cameras and glasses and cell phones of everyone. They moved through the line quickly and didn't have to wait long to get on. The staff was friendly and efficient. The ride is apparently a moderate one compared to going to a coaster park but very cool because you're out on the strip whizzing over, around, down and through the area.Biggest complaint from the group was that $14 is a bit much for one ride on a roller coaster. Other than that they were pleased with the kitsch and enjoyed their one, over-priced ride.
3	Some tips from somebody who has spent a lot of time riding rides in her day:1. It's a clusterfword. You know how at Disneyland they ask how many in your party and they assign a row for you to sit in? Not here. They just throw you up on the loading dock and have you fend for yourself. This can lead to some awkward situations figuring out how many people need to go in the rows ahead of you so your whole party can be together. 2. I feel like as far as safety is concerned, you're on your own. I'm about to be hurled at 70mph above a busy intersection, the least you could do is make me feel like I'm strapped in correctly. Maybe I was and I just need people to hold my hand before I'm put on a thrill ride. 3. Nevada locals get buy one/get one free for their whole party...major score considering the coaster is A whopping $14pp. I wouldn't be back but it is a fun family thing for Vegas visitors. And just make sure your own little ones are strapped in tight.
1	I highly recommend riding this roller coaster once. ONCE.Why? So you will know just how bad it really is. Ignore all the reviews about it being awesome and the best unless you like your spine being totally repositioned and finding out how a heavyweight boxer feels after 12 full rounds of getting jabs to the head. This coaster is so bumpy that you might as well wear a neck brace before you even go on it. The harness that goes over you legs does a decent job of holding you down. As for the overhead harness, well that does an ok job. If you have ever seen Final Destination where they ride the devil roller coaster then you will know what I mean. Both coasters ironically were red. For you women, (or men), if you ever want to use that "Not tonight dear, I have a headache" excuse, go on this ride and it will look very convincing! So for 14 bucks just for one ride you better think long and hard while you are still coherrent. For you hardcore punk rockers you can get an all day pass for 25 bucks. That's awesome! The coaster will do all your headbanging for you! Service here pretty much sucks. The few times I have been here (only because of friends or fam that didnt wanna ride it alone)  the employees are mainly teenagers that see their job as not really important because their plans are not to be here the rest of their lives. Sure, I have heard that before! Before you see them, make sure to put your phone on silent and put it in your pocket because if they see you with it, they will tell you to put it in a locker for 50 cents.I have always said, all Vegas needs is a Six Flags and we are set. My recommendation would be to go to Circus Circus and get their all day pass for about the same price. They have a coaster there that is similar.  At least they have other decent rides there for you to explore and their coaster is a little less bumpy. You can also go to Primm which is about a 45 minute drive to ride the Desperado Roller Coaster at Buffalo Bill's Hotel and Casino. The first drop for that one is actually way higher than New York's coaster and there are no loops. Just camel humps and tight corners.So stock up on the Advil, Tylenol, or whatever headache medicine of your choice. You're gonna need it and try not to OD!
4	This was more fun than I anticipated. The track is like a mini Viper and you'll be wanting to go another round. Be sure to bring quarters for the lockers though, purses and hand-held items are prohibited.
4	Wickedly awesome and a bit on the rough side.  It's not silky smooth like a Disney coaster but it's a lot more thrilling that's for sure!Employees?  Rough around the edges and a bit on the rude side.Fun factor?  Over the top.  One of the best.  Very long ride too.Price?  A little high.  $14 a pop.
4	Honestly the ride alone is just OK, but the location makes it so much more fun. Zipping around above (adjacent, really) the Strip is great - especially at night.If you can avoid paying full price, do it - $14 is a little steep for this ride.
3	A bit of a rough ride for a metal coaster and the price for one ride is a little steep. The all day pass, however, if you are up to it, is a great deal. Just wish these places would email you photos taken on the ride for a reasonable price. Paying what they charge for the prints on top of what you just spent on the ride does not make for a fun experience.Bottom line -- it is nice to get distracted from Vegas while you are riding a coaster. I just hope the maintenance procedures for the ride are much more rigorous than the half broken games in the redemption area the coaster sits on.
5	Love this place it has everything!  you do not have to leave the food is great, games, shopping...
3	First off - I recommend you sit in the back for this ride (and all other roller coasters - it's physics.) The coaster was fun being that it is in the middle of Vegas, however beware of the painful upper restraints!My head was knocked around nearly constantly during the ride and I ended up with a headache, while my husband has bruising on the tops of his shoulders from the restraints pressing down. We love crazy rides, and this one was fun, however a coaster just can't compete if it's not one of the hanging suspended kinds that are common nowadays. The line to get in was pretty long and took about 30 minutes. It was okay because the waiting time meant I could stare at people for a while. I'm not comfortable unless everyone else is uncomfortable.
4	WHEEEEEEEEE!Good thing we rode this before we went on this before we drank our Category 151 Hurricanes. There's steep drops, neat views of the city, and I felt those stomach butterflies. Oh and the picture they took of me and my best friend is hilarious. If you like roller coasters, this is a must in Vegas.That is all :)
1	Good: A roller coaster in Vegas with a few steep drops and spins! That's about it....Now the bad:We went to Vegas this past weekend with some friends and they insisted I ride this ride. They loved the ride, but it was years since they had ridden it.My advice is to not even consider the ride. I've ridden many coasters and love the thrill of being on one. The other reviews have confirmed what I went through. It was extremely jerky. A lot of unnecessary side to side motions on a straight run. The shoulder restraints were very uncomfortable. My friend and I both left with a bad headache and were very sore in the knees and back. It is no where near worth the $14. I'm glad there was no line at all; otherwise I'd consider giving 1/2 a star.
4	- $14/person normally, but locals get 2 people for the price of 1.- I'm a local and I used my credit card for my group of 4 people and was charged only $28 so that was nice (I was expecting to pay total $42 = $14 for the first 2 people + $14 third person + $14 fourth person).- Ride was about a minute long but it was pretty thrilling.- We did it on Sun/21 Apr about 4 pm and the lines to pay then get on the coaster were pretty short.
2	I'll keep this one short and sweet. Glad i did it but would never do it again. I am shocked my neck is intact after the abuse this thing put on it. Whiplash city. Cool drops and corkscrews but so not worth the trip to the chiropractor you will have to make afterwards. Also, $14 per person?! I guess I shouldn't be upset, it is Vegas after all.
2	My friend and I could NOT get to this coaster! Haha and we were sober! Staff was pointing us in all different directions. It looked so fun.
4	If you are here for the ride, this is the ride to get on in Vegas. Nowhere else in America can you ride a roller coaster around a fake New York. But was is really fun about this place is that the lines short in the morning! You only have 2-3 people max in front of you if you want the first car!Okay, so the ride itself: thrilling. Yes. It's not really smooth, but the speed and loops around the hotel is definitely thrilling, and I'm not easily freaked on a coaster. The price is $14 a person now, but only $7 to go again. Sad to say, this "New York" roller coaster is better than most of Coney Island's actual rides.
4	Awesome roller coaster, but was $14, for a short ride. I'd do it again though!!!
4	Rode (for the 2nd time in my life) on June 6, 2013.14.00 a ride and I found a buy one- get one free pass online. :DIt's fun and what a drop! But I don't care for the headbanging part.  But I prepared this time and took some ibuprofen beforehand.
4	What a ride!!! Awesome!! It almost took 2 to 3 minutes for me to come out of the whirling sensation. I would recommend anyone to experience the ride from the front seats. You may probably wait for extra 10 min to take up the front seat, the wait is worthy to give you an amazing ride experience. $14 for such a short 2 minute ride sounded like expensive.
2	$14 for a headache and neck pains? I as excited to try this roller coaster as I'm a huge fan of roller coasters! However, deciding to get on this thing was the worst mistake. As soon as the harness locks down, the pain begans. The restraints are very uncomfortable! And the ride was worse! Between being jerked left to right and my head banging on the sides, I left this ride with an extreme headache and bad neck pains. Ouch! The idea is cool...but they really need to revamp this ride, re-do the tracks...something. I would never willingly put myself through this again! Nope!
3	My husband thought this was a great idea.  So did I, until we got on.  Did I mention I hate roller coasters?  I give it 3 stars because I'm sure its ok if you like roller coasters.  I spent 2 minutes screaming, and then the next hour trying to realign my head and shoulders after getting my shit rocked on this ride!
3	It's no Six Flags, but the Roller Coaster boasts a decent initial drop, married pleasantly with some upside-down loops and corkscrews. Doesn't reach insane speeds, but she's admirable nonetheless. $15 nut made it a one timer for us, but, if you plan on riding a few times, purchasing the unlimited ticket will save you some serious dough. First time visit, it's probably something to check out. Outside of that, save the cash for the tables.
3	Rode the coaster on 7/28/13.I SO BADLY want to give this a high rating, because I think it is a lot of fun - Rough, yes, but a lot of fun with people screaming, carrying on, etc.Unfortunately, this coaster is yet another example of the OVERPRICED nature of sin city - A town that, although exciting, is out of reach for most working-class families.Just my .02 cents - 3/5 stars for fun - Cannot allow myself to rate it higher because of the price.
3	There is no way I would normally go on such an expensive single ride- but we are on vacation so we might as well live it up! We wanted to do at least one famous Vegas attraction, and since we enjoy rides- this was it. We found an online coupon for buy one get one which made it worth it- $14 total for two of us. Definitely a fun coaster with a great view.
5	Super fun! Who doesn't love roller coasters? They offer a military discount here.
5	Well worth the 14 dollars! We rode it twice in a row, second time was half price. We more than likely will ride it again before we leave Vegas.
3	It's something you should do upon your first visit to Las Vegas and not to be done again. For $14, I expect to get a free picture at least!
3	Almost lost my eyeglasses on this ride.  It had actually come off, but I was able to snatch it just in time.  The roller coaster is fun, but very expensive.  $14 for about a couple minutes ride.  At least there was no long lines when we went.Would I do it again?  If the price was lower, then yes.  I would just make sure not to wear my glasses.  I cannot afford to be losing them!
3	Print out the coupons online...  you can get admission for buy one, get one...  Don't take the coupon for 4 for $60 and the 2 prints, that's the normal price.
4	Rode on here 3x now and all 3x I get a little nervous waiting in line and getting buckled up but when the ride starts it's on!For only $14 per ticket yeah it's pricey but it's fun, exciting, long and with an amazing view of the strip especially at night. It's located upstairs in the New York New York hotel right by the arcade area and there are arrows and signs throughout the hotel to direct you to the location. They also make you put your things in lockers before seating on the ride but be advised it cost $0.50 for it so bring them quarters! Trust me, it's a must when visiting Vegas and there are deals online and other areas for discount!
4	Solid roller coaster with a great view of the strip. Worth $14 as a once-in-a-lifetime ride. Use a strap to hold your glasses on. This ride is a bit rough--if you have bony shoulders, they will get bruised. Still--what a view!
2	If you have a bucket list of 100 things to try once in Vegas, then this is something that's worth considering at the end of the list.The cost of the ride is $14 per person.  I've been on many rollercoasters, but I was a little scared of this one.  But not in a good way.  The shoulder restraints are a little loose, the ride is extra bumpy, and the views are just okay.    The one thing that is great about this ride is that it's fairly lengthy and there are a few loops and twists that make this pretty thrilling.Overall...I think that the cost of the ride is a high.  It's a long ride and there are a couple thrills, but it's a really bumpy ride.   Keep an eye out for coupons in those Las Vegas magazines at your hotel, in cabs, at monorail stops.  Another place to get this ride comped is through the MyVegas facebook game.
2	Yeah.... no.I love roller coasters. I am a roller coaster enthusiast and I think they are rad. The best part about roller coasters, for me, is the power you feel towering over whatever amusement part, or in this case, city, you ride over. Unfortunately, unless you are at the very front of this roller coaster, all you're going to see is a plastic seat in front of you, and you won't be able to crane your neck to the side due to the harness holding you in. At least that's your view when you're 5'3", not sure about my taller counterparts.Sure, you could wait in line for the front seats. Oh wait, whats that? No you can't. For the hefty price of $14 per ticket, you can't even choose where you sit. Of course people tried as they might to get their money's worth by sitting in the front, but the workers promptly scolded them and made them "fill up" the rest of the roller coaster's rows.So there you have it. $14 to look at a plastic seat for a good, what, 60 seconds? No thank you. I'd rather see the strip through a taxi cab while drinking my yard of rum, thank you very much.
3	$14 entrance.  Waited for the front row.  Waited until dark.It's good, it's a must do once in a life time thing.There's pretty much one of every roller coaster trick.  High to low drop, spiral, side ways spiral.  I felt like it doesn't matter too much if it's night or day.  You only enjoy the scene when you slowly crank up at the beginning.The roller coaster could be a little bit more smoother.  My head was bopping against the side guards so much that I felt drunk after the ride.
4	I've ridden this coaster 3 times, always with my father, and always with one or both of us almost dry heaving out of anxiety through most of it. We are definitely fair-weather coaster enthusiasts, and once it starts to take off we wonder what the hell we were thinking. Our first 2 visits we waited a fairly long time and paid the full price. It is a VERY rocky and bumpy ride but we're pretty convinced they want it to feel like an "old" wooden coaster and that's why it's so bumpy. Maybe that's wishful thinking. If you go online, to Destination Coupons, you can get a 2 for 1 Coaster coupon, which makes it $7. That to me is very reasonable, and I'd say it's definitely worth $7. If you go in mid-day it's very quick to get in; we didn't have to wait at all. One last thing that is nice for those with cars- the entrance for the coaster is the closest thing to the parking garage, so it's very easily accessible. I'd go again with a coupon, but without it it's a little steep unless it's your first visit.
3	Fun roller coaster, high priced. I would definitely look for a coupon before I get on if you are a thrill seeker. Good to do at least once.
5	If you love roller coasters, then you need to ride this at least once in your life. We went on a Monday morning and it wasn't too crowded. After reading all the reviews about the lack of view, we opted to wait behind four other groups for the front car. Was it as great as Magic Mountain? Not exactly, but the view was impressive. For those reviewers saying it was a bumpy ride, go on Psyclone at MM then get back to me. Ladies-don't wear hair clips...Ouch!
4	You have to do it once, but I think once is all you need. It is a pretty rough ride. Definitely get a coupon, we were able to get a military discount.
4	On a cool overcast day in Las Vegas Michelle says to me "come on lets ride this". Now she hasn't been on a roller coaster in 20 years so I ask why now she says"we're in Vegas". $14 a ride is a bit steep but its Vegas. Upside down, barrel roll and a unique view of the strip. It was really fun and worth the price of admission I only wish she didn't have her head down when we passed the camera because her face would have been priceless. Oh well there's always next time.
4	These are NOT normally my thing but sometimes you get pushed into things on group trips and have FUN anyways. This is one of those things.   It's certainly expensive at like $15 for 3.5 minutes most of the table games are gonna run you more than that.It's gonna be a love it or hate it thing - wouldn't take children under 10 personally - but it's worth it to add the experience to say you did it while in Vegas.
3	I'm a girl who loves roller coasters, unless they break down mid-ride.  No this didn't happen here thankfully.In the middle of sin city here is yet another activity you can enjoy on a date or with the kids.... THEN go get chocolate wasted.Let me tell you my only con, and well this is not their fault... but here it is.  I had did an emergency home touch up with my weave, I was in a rush.  I completely forgot my weave was hanging on by a wing and a prayer and I got on a damn roller coaster.  I spent the whole ride holding my hair down praying to God that it doesn't fly off mid loop.  It didn't, thankfully. But since my hand were occupied I couldn't wipe the drool off my face until the end.Anywho, go.
4	I was really really not feeling that it cost 14 dollars. But it was a really great roller coaster. I really don't like Vegas so it was a nice shock for the day. My eyes were watering because it was so fast. A lot of fun! DO IT. Shell out the cash, it's Vegas, after all.
3	The Roller Coaster is on top of the New York New York hotel and casino. It is worth doing once even though it costs $14 for a 3 minute ride. I would recommend sitting at the front even though it can mean a slightly longer wait as seeing the Vegas scenery rush by is pretty exhilarating.
1	I think I can sum up my experince on the NewYork NY Roller Coaster in about 20 words....."OUCH! OUCH!  OUCH! OUCH! OUCH! OUCH! OW OW**OUCH, OUCH, OUCH! OUCH! OUCH  OUCH!  OWW!!! OH MY GOD I HAVE A HEADACHE!!!"I rode it last in 1998 and remember the SAME PAIN!! I thought surely, after ALL THESE YEARS they would try to perfect the BANGING that your head does on thesides of the "padded safety bars".    Nope!!!! The only, ONLY thing i prayed for the entire ride is that "i pray i dont bite my tongue off on this hell ride!"  We did get a Cashman photo and that will be fun to remember the ride i will NEVER go on again!!  and Ps I'm a big rollercoaster fan. Not a wimp. it JUST HURTS!!! OUCH!  ***ps DON'T FORGET if you're a LOCAL it's 1/2 PRICE for you and your group!!!***
2	It was fun.I've ridden better roller coasters, but never in Vegas and never one so unique. I'm over weight, I clicked the waist bar 3 times and it was snug, they insisted on an additional click and I couldnt take a full breath. It hurt.I powered through for 3 minutes, but I don't see why clicking it till its tight isnt enough.My guy said, lets do it again, but I passed on that idea. It was A-OK for the experience but I just have no interest in doing it again, I MUCH preferred the rides on the top of the Stratosphere!!!
4	Ahh! The Roller Coaster is a great and fun ride to try out at least once if you're ever in Vegas. I'm not the type of person who can handle big roller coasters like the ones at Six Flags and even a few at Knott's Berry Farm, but this ride is like a bigger version of the California Screamer at Disneyland. If you have the time, I recommend buying the day pass so you can ride it several times for $25 instead of once for $14. My only reason for giving it 4 stars is the price. Other reviews say it is a painful ride but I had nothing but fun. My friend did hit her head at the end but I think that whiplash effect happens with all rides anyways.
1	Customer Service was lacking! Although the line seemed long, you moved along quickly. At no part of the line do they mention you can't have your phone on the ride. Ended up waiting in line for 20+min then being told (not asked) to get off the ride and get a locker to put my cell phone in. Lockers are only $.50 but NO ONE has change. I ended up in the gift shop asking for change and the rude employee said she couldn't open the drawer. I said ok I'll buy the cheapest thing in here. I proceeded to the register and she didn't come over so I asked another gentlemen if he could ring me up. The lady from 15+ feet away says SHE WANTS CHANGE WE CANT DO THAT. I then said yes I'm going to buy something and you're going to give me the change I need. She was incredibly rude as well as the young employees working the ride on their power trips. All that hassle over a shot -3min ride. NOT WORTH IT
3	My friend and I had always wanted to experience the New York New York roller coaster -- all the previous times we each visited, it just never quite worked out.  Well, we made sure it worked out for us during this trip and it was fun!  It's not the best roller coaster you'll ever ride compared to Six Flags or Disneyland, but it is fun and will whip you up and down, upside down and all around.  They strap you down and your head and shoulders get batted around a bit, but we managed to have a great time!  Curiosity is now satisfied and we are glad we finally rode The Roller Coaster!
4	I personally really really enjoyed this ride, and so did those I rode with. It's awesome fun and a great view. I would definitely like to ride it again!One of us got a bit of a hurting neck after the ride. The roller coaster could be a lot smoother! It's also quite pricy, but as I said; great fun and I enjoyed the view. One of the best coasters I've rode.
2	While in Vegas for business, my coworkers and I thought we had to do something fun.  This rollercoaster was not though.  I have been on my fair share of rollercoasters, and this one was probably the most lame.  Its drops aren't very dramatic, and the rollercoaster doesn't even feel that fast.  The only thing terrifying about it is how rough it is throughout the whole ride....my head and neck were pretty sore from being banged around so much.
4	The Roller Coaster is the coaster at New York, New York.Pros:*Worth riding for the view of the strip alone!*Little to no wait. I've ridden it twice (once this year, once last year) and was on in under five minutes each time.  *The drops, speed and turns of the coaster are just enough to give people a thrill without making them want to pass out or barf (unless you've had too much to drink or eat before riding). I can't do 6 Flags type coasters anymore, but this coaster is perfect for me. Cons:*Very jerky and bumpy. I had a headache for a little bit after I rode it. May not be good for people with back/neck issues. Price:*$14 for a single ride, $25 for an unlimited day pass. Honestly, riding it once is enough. The day pass would be good for kids and teens though. *They will take your picture before the ride and twice during the ride. You can buy all three pictures for something ridiculous -- like $30 or something. They won't let you take pictures of your picture, so that's a bust. I'd rather spend that $30 on something else on the strip in all honesty. Overall, a decent ride. I love it for the view alone, even though the coaster itself isn't the best. I'll be riding it again the next time I'm in Vegas!Cheers!
5	I loved this ride!!!!! I was expecting it to be less terrifying but it was up there in the list next to rides in Six Flags! I would definitely come back! The wait was not at all long and i got 50% off my ticket because of mymilitary ID!! I miss vegas!!
5	I love this ride.   I've ridden it a dozen times or more and it's a blast each time.  If you have a local with you then the rides are 1/2 off.   If not the family plan of four people is a good deal bc you get two photos included.  Don't have a group of four?   Then split it with another couple in line and each take home a picture.
4	All I can say is.....WOW!!! That ride gave me exactly what I look for in a THRILL RIDE!!! Butterflies and an adrenalin RUSH!! Sooo worth the fee! It's a short 3.5 minutes BUT the timing is perfect! FYI... Anchor yourself in as tight as possible and grip the harnesses. Being twisted and turned and flipped around has it's price, but then again....if you wanted a nice peaceful gondola experience.....go ride the Gondola Grampa!
4	Its cool..not as scary as it seems..go for it peepsAt $17 a ride, its pretty worth it.Something different to do besides your typical casionos,bars,shows etc.I havent sat on a roller coaster in almost 4 years so wasnt sure how I would hold the Maragarona that I just had at the Mexican  restaurant called Gonzalves Gonzalves.But I did pretty good.The first bit is super exhilarating.You will love it.They also have mini lockers for $2 that you can stash away your phones etc.
5	I'm a big chicken and was terrified the first 2 1/2 minutes,  gripping the handlebars with my eyes tightly closed and fearing for my life. By the time I realized it was actually quite fun it was almost over! Lol I opened my eyes and relaxed right before we were entering the tunnel to finish!  I'd go again for sure though! The pictures were hilarious and a must have!
4	One of the most greatest roller coasters I ever rode, the drop was extremely cultivating and the twist and turns just broke my neck. This is a great thrill ride, I recommend bringing a group of friends and picking up the pictures right after the ride and having a laugh!
3	Have wanted to ride The Roller Coaster at New York New York on several past trips, but the line was always way too long. During my last visit, the line was short so woo hoo! I LOVE coasters! I am a true enthusiast and have ridden some of the best (ever hear of a little place called Cedar Point; or how about Thunder Dolphin in Tokyo?).  Thrill factor - ~3...only 67 mphRide factor: - ~4...maybe I'm jut old, but the jolts left me with a bit of a throbber afterCool factor - ~7View factor - ~9Price factor - ~8...$14 for one ticket...not a bad deal in LVCertainly worth doing once when in Vegas if the line is not too long. And, if you're taking kiddos to SIn City, buy them a day pass for 25 bucks and dump them at NYNY, let 'em go 'til they puke! Just don't forget to pick them up at the end of the day! :) [I joke.]
5	I have a love hate relationship with roller coasters.  I go through a set of emotions every single time I ride them. Stage one: complete and utter excitement run through my veins when I'm in line, making it impossible for me to stay still or be quiet.  Stage two: silence, regret, fear, and locked knees as I near the very front of the line, to the point where I legitimately want to get out of the line and chicken out. Stage three: pale, white face as the ride starts, kicking myself for getting onto the ride and not chickening out earlier. Stage four: the best time of my life as I free fall, ride through loops, spirals, drops.  Stage five: wanting to go again after stepping off the ride!Now as you can imagine, going through this routine every time is very emotionally draining but the NYNY Roller Coaster totally makes it worth it!  I've been to Six Flags about five times, so I've been exposed to some pretty awesome roller coast rides.  But this roller coaster in Vegas is still able to wow me!  It has everything I enjoy, the crazy fall in the beginning, loops that fly you upside down, spirals, mini drops, speed, and to top it all off, you get an amazing view of the strip.  It's a must to do this at night because the lights become a beautiful blur that really adds to the experience.They have a few different ticket options.  You can pay for a one time ride for $14. And if you want to do a re-ride, there is a sign that says it's $7 as you leave the ride.  Or you can get an all day, unlimited pass for $25.It's a little difficult to find the roller coaster if you don't know where you're going.  You have to go  through all these twists and turns in the NYNY arcade.  Don't  worry about any bags or personal belongings.  They have lockers that require two quarters, and if you don't have change, there are change machines nearby in the arcade.Don't leave Vegas without doing this!  :)
4	The rollercoaster at the New York New York is just alright! If you are as big of a roller coaster fan as I am and you love places like six flags and what not then this roller coaster is like a meduim level type of ride! Although I will say that the fact that it's on top of the hotel and whipping and weaving throughout is pretty cool!
1	Horrible!!! Never riding this coaster again! Start of our fantastic relaxing Vegas vacation......do some shopping, relaxing and not thinking about work, of course gambling, get fatter with all the delicious restaurants, getting tipsy at the fancy bars, beautiful people watching, did I mentions gambling?....and tthhheenn thought to do something different and fun.....ROLLER COASTER!!! WORST-DECISION-EVER!!! So it begins, I go purchase the "fun book" or something like that which included the coaster tickets. Headed straight to the line. Didn't have to wait too long, SCORE. Now I think about it, maybe I know why now. Anyways, got in our seats. Double check the harness....and hhhheeerrreee we gooooo! Started off nice and smooth. Wind in my hair. Fun! Then that first turn....WTF?!? Okay, that was a first. Was like my head and shoulders were being pushed down my spine. Can handle.....just weird. Next turn, same thing....wwwhhhaaattt?!? Okay, hoping it gets better. NOPE! Just got worse to unbearable! With each turn and then the loop it was a torture chair.  Worse then going through Eli Roth's Goretorium (just kidding, that's another review....but maybe not because it's closed now). My head was like a pinball getting extra points with each smash from side to side. Felt like my brain was being shaken up in my skull! First roller coaster ever, to make me want the ride to end! My partner in crime even had to go to a chiropractor when we got back home because he was in so much pain! Found it he had whiplash from riding this coaster of pain! Just hearing the coaster from our hotel room made us shrivel in pain! HEED MY WARNING......JUST-DON'T-DO-IT!!!
4	SO FUN!! Get your drink on and then go ride the coaster. If you're a tad under the influence you  might even believe that the $14 ride is a reasonable price. It is a little expensive, but it's fun. And you're in vegas. It's great to ride a roller coaster on the strip going through the buildings of "New York." I wouldn't say it's a must, but it's definitely a fun experience. The ride is in a taxi car, which is pretty cute. The line also hasn't ever been very long when I've gone. You can't bring any belongings on with you or leave them on the side. You have to leave your items in the lockers by the entrance and it's only a quarter! And the Fat Tuesday cups will fit in there straight up, so you can finish your drink after the ride. There's a couple of loops and twists on the ride. It can be a little bumpy sometimes and your head might bang back and forth a little bit. But it's a roller coaster! You can't get on and expect smooth sailing. It's a quick ride too. Could be a little longer, but I guess there's not really room for much more. Still, it's a fun ride! Try it out!
3	This roller coaster was on my bucket-list FOREVER!I was wrestling with the high price point of riding a less than minute ride for ($14).However..  finally, there was an incentive to since my husband and I have MyVegas Points. We were able to get 2-for-1 tickets. $14...for two of us? We're in this time! So that's what we did - we rode on it this past weekend.VERDICT?....THE RIDE WAS GOOD.Don't get me wrong. But. There were some very awkward rules that we had to abide by. When we got there, we were all forced to put everything we owned into lockers. I understand that concept but it was also inconvenient. We were told to get change to pay 50 cents per locker. I felt like it was NYNY's way of making MORE money from us. Ugh! They could have just comped that. It was just inconvenient.Oh and you're not allowed to bring your phone ever... I'm just used to holding my phone 24/7 for emergencies (that's just what I do)... -{Minus 1 star for that}ANYWAY... another thing that bothered me was the fact that I had a major headache AFTER the coaster. The jolts were HORRIBLE! It was also soooo hot. Seemed like they didn't turn on the A/C when we got back. I ended up getting a MAJOR migraine/headache that lasted for an hour afterwards. Thankfully I had Tylenol on me. {Minus another star}Like I said earlier, don't get me wrong - it was a great experience but there were a few variables that prevented me from giving it a higher rating. Won't ever be back, but I'm glad I was able to cross this off my bucket list.
2	The one reason to ride The Roller Coaster at New York New York is to say "Hey, I rode the Roller Coaster". That and to get a photo which proves (or disproves) just how cool you are. Let me rephrase that, you can PURCHASE said photo for $22 bucks.Beyond that you are taking your life in your hands on this roller coaster. Yeah, it's pretty scary. And not in that cool scary roller coaster sort of way. This ride is RICKETY! I hadn't been on a roller coaster in years and the whole ride I was questioning is this how a roller coaster supposed to be? Somehow I just never recalled such a bumpy ride.This roller coaster will toss you around like chicken in a fry bag. My head was killing me from being hit against the seat and restraint the whole time. You are just simply not snug and secure in the seat. The track is, like I said, RICKETY. It's not a smooth ride at all. I couldn't wait to get off that thing. The whole time I was questioning "Is it just me?" But after the ride I heard a woman complain about the same exact thing. And another person got sick. Thank goodness that wasn't me.The loops would make for a serious thrill ride but this ride and track need serious upgrading. Then I could say this coaster is actually fun.In any event I got my photos in which at the beginning I look pretty darn cool. Then I look as if I'm writhing in pain. Because i was. And oh yeah, I can say "I rode The Roller Coaster". Would I do it again? Hell no. At least not until the upgrade.Would I recommend you do it? Sure why not? Just be sure to bring a pillow.
1	Ouch! My head was given quite a rattle on this ride. For $14 I'd say SKIP! I went around 6pm during a weeknight and the line was pretty long. To find the entrance, it's all the way above the casino in the back of the arcade. The very first thing they make you do is put all of your belongings in a locker at the front. Luckily my friend didn't want to ride so he could watch my stuff. So after that's all said and done you'll probably have to wait in line for 20 min. It wasn't so bad at the time because I was pretty excited to ride.Now the ride itself is awful. You really get tossed around on this one with any turn or twist. The whole thing is pretty short but I couldn't wait to get off of it. I felt a little disoriented after the fact. Save yourself some money or maybe take a better gamble at the casino.
3	- Bumpy as hell.  Bring a neck brace, pillow, or prepare for pain.- Do the $25 all-day pass, ride in the front row (best view) and back row (fastest speed) multiple times.  Or find out when they have the $7 special (otherwise $14 for one ride).- Don't take your cell phone out after you pay or they'll make you put it in a locker.- Pictures are ridiculously overpriced.Having said all that it's a badass ride in the middle of a city.
5	Great roller coaster on the strip.  Tickets will cost you $14 for adults and you can re-ride for $7.Riding at night is amazing!..that is if you can keep your eyes open for the drops. haha
4	Something to do that isn't the Casino! This is at New York, New York. At $14, it's not bad. It's a good ride, and lots of fun! I didn't find it as jerky as everyone else said they did. I had a lot of fun riding this with co workers- we rode it at night. I hear it can get very hot during the day (as it's outside) but at night it was an incredibly cool way to view the strip! I would ride it again.
5	We loved this roller coaster. We thought we had seen it all as for asRoller coasters go but when we started slowing ascending .. Slowly slooowly, we realized we underestimated this coaster.
