2	I wanted to like this place a lot. I really did.I stayed here for work & it seems like an overpriced, wanna-be luxury hotel. It's like they don't quite have the luxury hotel feel or execution, but they want to charge for it.i mean, the pool and rooftop bar are the only thing really keeping this above a one-star rating.It was disappointing that they just couldn't nail the simple things. For example, a friend ordered a burger, and got it on toasted bread. The server explained that they ran out of hamburger buns. REALLY??? $300 a night and they can't do a hamburger right?I appreciated the modern designs and look of the place, but the feel of it all just doesn't match.
3	A  W  has arrived in Arizona... but is it too late?   Every major city has a W... right? Although at one time cutting edge and trendsetting, they have set a standard and remained there.  I don't understand the overwhelming excitement over this particular hotel.  Yes, it s NEW!!!  But aside from that,  the W offers much the same amenities that we have grown to love at other properties here in the valley... without the stilted arrogance one must have acquired by watching  too many episodes of  "Gossip Girl".   I would rather stay at Sanctuary on Camelback over the W in a heartbeat.. But then again, I don't own a pair of DD cups, or consider "TMZ" the "BBC" of America.  I attended a company dinner event here tonight, which was actually very well orchestrated.  The new wait/bar staff was friendly and ambitious.  Drinks were made correctly, the food had prefect presentation, and had great flavor.  Normally food served on a large scale is nothing to get excited about, but the steak I enjoyed this evening was exceptional!  God bless the cow that has given its life for my meal tonight!  This experience alone was the reason behind 2 of my 3 star rating.After dinner, we investigated the "drink-pouring" areas of the hotel. The living room on the first floor is spacious and very comfortable.  This is what an African hunting lodge would look like if Philippe Starck designed it.  The best part of the living room was the older crowd it attracted; most patrons looked as if they were at least 24 or older.After a quick drink we decided to check out the notorious "Wet Deck" (aka the bastard child of Rehab,  Vegas).  We took the elevator up to the 2nd floor and accessed the deck via the "Zen Garden".. Since no-one saw our entrance.. Friends assumed we had been up on the deck all night... a perfect alibi!  One can instantly see the drunken potential this pool bar has!  The only prop I didn't see (although, not looking) was a strippers pole.  I'm not sure if I would ever come up here to party.... well, that's not entirely true.  I would probably enjoy a 3rd floor room overlooking the pool on a Saturday night, with drinks, friends, binoculars and cameras in tow.   I can only imagine what we would witness.
4	My overall experience was good, however some elements weren't so hot...Room: Sucked. I stayed in what I believe was most modest accommodation they have (think they call it the "wonderful") and space-wise it was a little cramped. The bathroom wasn't "sufficiently separated" from the main room (I won't go into greater detail than that :). Also I'm not a TV person, but if I was I'd have been pissed off about where they placed the flatscreen. You can't watch TV comfortably from your bed (and it's not like there was any other place to relax in room). Staff: Fantastic. From the front desk people, to the concierge (Alyssa), to the waitresses in all of their bars and restaurants, everybody (and I do mean everybody) was really friendly and helpful. I've been to a lot of W Hotels that don't provide this level of service.Entertainment: Good. The pool is great during the day and at night turns into a decent hotspot. Not having to deal with the gianormous bouncer by flashing your room key is a nice perk. The location of the hotel is excellent, some of the bigger bars and clubs are a block away (and Scottsdale isn't known for it's walkability). Final word: Solid hotel for a bachelor party, guys weekend, etc. It's very much a scene and is clearly targeted at the 20s and 30s "out on the town" crowd. So if you're not looking for that type of scene, you'll probably want to pick something else.Disclosure: My friend who works for Starwood got me a friends and family discount, I paid around $150/night.
3	I'm not really reviewing the hotel in it's entirety, but just the lounge downstairs and the so-called "wet deck" which really did feel like a scene out of Hollywood... not so much Vegas since it was pretty mellow (even on a Friday night).  The downstairs lounge wasn't really anything special.... expensive drinks as usual and a not so interesting crowd.  Lots of people just sitting around trying to look important.  The rooftop bar is actually reserved for guests, apparently, but if you have some green charm they'll probably let you through.  We found out that you have to wear a collared shirt to get up there (how the guy in a nasty, over-sized thermal shirt got in is beyond me).  Nice, chill spot up there.  Pretty blue lanterns and a nicely designed pool.  There was music, but no one dancing... Just the same hip cats trying to look pretty.All in all, nothing spectacular.... chill, relaxing spot to chat with friends... but nothing worth worrying over if you can't make it in.
4	All in all, we were pretty satisfied with our experience at the W, minus a few drawbacks.  For your convenience, I will list them:Drawback # 1:  I ended up having an incident with the bellhop service.  To sum it up, somehow they damaged one of my bags after checking it in, and a very cherished, very expensive watch of mine inside that bag was pretty badly scratched and damaged after I got it back.  I'm actually in the process of having the watch repair estimated, and supposedly the W is going to be taking care of the repair or replacement costs, but I will update as soon as the situation is resolved, no matter what the outcome is.2.  We were woken up each morning by some sort of disturbance.  The first morning it was random mysterious loud thumping at 9 am. The second morning, we were disturbed by more loud thumping coming from our window.  So, groggy and out of it, I walk over and open the blinds, only to be shocked and frightened after discovering a large man face-to-face with me at direct eye level on the other side of the window!  After realizing it was only the window washer I calmed down, but I still called down to complain about the noise once again.  Hey-when I'm on vacation, I DO NOT want to be disturbed before 11am.  However, for these inconveniences, the W comped us 2 drinks and an in-room breakfast which we appreciated.3.  The food was all around pretty mediocre, including Sushi Roku, room service and poolside.    Positive aspects of our stay:1.  At check in, I was feeling bold and asked for an upgrade to a pool view room and for a room with two queen beds.  Expecting them to shoot me down, I was pleasantly surprised when they were more than happy to upgrade us to a pool view queen at no extra cost!  That was really nice.  Matter of fact, all of the staff members went out of their way to accommodate us and make us feel super welcome and special.2.  The entire hotel is very sleek, sexy and beautiful.  It was exactly what I expected out of the W.  Probably the nicest W I've stayed at.3.  The in-hotel shop has really nice items for sale.  Great brands, really cute clothes...even vibrators.  Ha.  But yea...a nice alternative to the cheezy stuff hotel stores usually carry.4.  Contrary to what I was told, I found our room to be really nice.  A few people told me the rooms were super small and badly designed, but I actually liked our room.  However, I would not pack more than two people in one room, or you will feel cramped.5.  The free Acura car service was useful.In conclusion, if I ever come into Scottsdale again, I would most likely choose to stay here a second time.  However, expect an update once the watch issue is resolved, and my rating may go up or down.
5	So, I just recieved a check in the mail from The W Scottsdale to replace the watch that was damaged by the belldesk during my last stay. Although it took a while to figure everything out, I have to say that I am pretty satisfied with the way they handled the situation.  This in combination with all the other positive aspects of our stay, I'm going to give W Scottsdale a solid thumbs-up.
2	Not ' Wonderful'. I have been told that if you can't say anything nice...so I will start with the positives: The hotel is new and had a nice modern decor, there were beautiful fresh flowers everywhere and the hotel staff were all nice enough. The downside: The room was small and very cramped. It had the feel of a Manhattan or San Francisco hotel which was annoying because there is plenty of space in Scottsdale. The bathroom doesn't offer much privacy because toilet area door and shower door are frosted glass and the partition that separates the bathroom from the rest of the room is one of those Asian inspired sliding doors with the sheer paper like panels. There is a window in the shower and the sun shines through it and illuminates the entire room at about 6:00am. I had a view of the street down below and the mini mart next door. Not very relaxing. The common areas of the hotel look nice, but feel sterile. Most of the guests were either the young d-bag type or older wannabe hipsters. Overall, the hotel seemed overpriced, out of place in Scottsdale and had a weird vibe that I just wasn't feeling.
2	Small, dirty rooms... I stayed here the Sunday night of All-Star weekend and was pretty excited considering the location and possible celebrity-spotting. When I walked into the hotel room, I was a bit shocked at the layout and size of the room. The bed was smack-dabbed in the middle of the room and the bathroom was basically out in the open, just a few feet away from the bed. While I was getting ready in the narrow and tiny restroom, I realized it looked like there were tiny splatters of blood on the wall over the toilet. SO GROSS! We just left it at that since it wasn't like we were going to touch it or anything. After lounging on the bed and looking things over in the room, it looked like it had been a while since they had rented out that room. Everything was pretty dusty, and it looked like someone had burnt parts of the wooden bed frame. We ventured to the pool that night for the All-Star after party and it was truly beautiful. The lighting was great, and the stage was set up at the far end of the pool. There was also plenty of seating around the deck to enjoy your drink and watch the show. The prices of the drinks on the deck were a bit inconsistent depending on where you got your drink, but after I left my tab somewhere, I ended up paying less than $100 for about 7 or 8 drinks. After filling all this information out on their online survey, the price of the room was refunded back to the credit card, so that definitely shows they are willing to accomodate and offer great guest service. I would recommend staying here if you get a good deal and are really comfortable staying in close quarters with someone.
4	My travelling for work of late has landed me in some...well, some pretty boring hotels...Hampton Inns, Sheratons, etc. So now that I have the opportunity to stay at the W Scottsdale, you can imagine how THRILLED I am! It's quite a step up in pretty much every way.First of all, the staff is super friendly and they all remember me and my coworkers from week-to-week, which is nice when you're away from home a lot. They offer great features that I've actually never encountered at a hotel before, such as boarding pass printing and the ability to text message them with any of your needs, like towels or soap or something. How fun!The amenities of the hotel are great, too...the pool, the lounge, the restaurant (Sushi Roku)...even the gift shop, where they sell Juicy couture, is pretty cool! When you check in they give you a 20% off coupon for any Juicy couture in the gift shop, which is awesome. In addition, they have a Bliss spa in the hotel, and all of the products in the rooms are Bliss, too!!! For a girl, this is pretty much as exciting as free hotel shampoo can get. I saw a little Bliss travel set in a store recently that had all of the products that I get free in my room selling for $25, so I LOVE that I'm getting 3 sets of these a week...love it!I think the mod, crazy layout of the rooms, though, is what W's are really known for, and I can attest to the very cool, hip feeling that the rooms just ooze out of every pore, from the tandem bathroom-sink-shower set up to the iPod dock located on the bedside table. I think that, although not a conventional room design...it works, and I like how open it feels without the typical bathroom hallway. I get that it may not be for everyone...it is a little bizarre. But the one thing you have to say for it is that it IS interesting, so you won't hear any complaints from me!
2	boy, was i disappointed!...  the rooms are small and claustrophobic.. and the check-in did not tell me about a pool party that day which was so loud that i could not relax.. i also could not use the hot tub because of it... drunk kids were cursing and screaming in front of my door at 2 am... i left more stressed than when i came!i would never stay there again,,, the room, the bathroom, the upkeep, the environment.. all made for a really bad stay....
4	Another great w hotel.
2	This review is strictly in regards to the Roof deck/Pool. Although it would be cool to stay here, to see how it stacks up the W I stayed at in NYC, but, I only came for the party. First of all, our friends told us it would be "No problem getting in" - PFFFFFFFFFFFFT. Wrong. The bouncers we in full douchmode, and we ended up having to wait a good 15 minutes until our party inside came to retrieve us.. I was with some ridiculously good looking people too, and these m-f-ers weren't having it. In fact, at one point I asked if it was a damn gay bar because of the amount of dudes they were letting in before us. Dick to chick ratio was really off. To make things more annoying, they decided to have yet ANOTHER set of ropes and bouncers waiting for you to get up the stairs. So again. More fucking waiting. Why they do this, I have no clue, but its retarded.Once we finally got upstairs, we were bombarded with your typical Scottsdale crowd.. Dudes grabbing at you, girls calling you a f-ing c*** and queening out for slightly bumping into them, silicone, blonde's, bros, steroids, oompa-loompa skin tones.. etc. It just reminded me why, it is, that I really dislike hanging out there. Dressing like a stripper is not my thing, so I felt a little out of place, but whatever... my Betsy Johnson dress was just fine. The only bar that accepts credit/debit is the one next to the entrance, so if you only have plastic, enjoy waiting another 15 minutes for a weak gin & tonic. The other bars up there are cash only, so be prepared. The pool is pretty cool, equipped with windows on the bottom so people can see the action from below, and vice versa. Lots of cabanas and shit to sit on.. wouldn't mind taking a dip here someday, but its not exactly on top of my list. I think we stayed for a whopping 30 minutes before escaping to a real bar. Although some of you may really be into this trendy type scene, it's not exactly my cup of tea. The venue itself is pretty sweet, its just the crowd that isn't doing it for me. I also hate waiting. For anything.. blame it on impatience if you will, but at 11:30pm on Saturday, I want to drink.. not sit around waiting and watching people slide in ahead.
1	This is another disastrous attempt at putting Phoenix along the lines of LA, Vegas, Chicago and New York as far as nightlife goes. It's embarrassing when you have people visiting from out of state. You have literally no where to take them.  Upon trying to gain access to the place you quickly realize that you are in the wrong place. The douche brothers at the door spend most of the evening treading water in a sea of retarded sexuality, cherry picking who gets to go in or not. Oh! I apologize! I'm not Johnny Depp! For some strange reason there are three different lines. A VIP line, a line with dumb fucks like me who are stupid enough to come down here in the first place, and the power and the glory hole line. I felt like I was caught in the filming of the T.O. show at the Three Rivers Stadium, excuse me, but what the fuck is goin on here?! Look I appreciate a good dick to chick ratio as much as the next guy but lets be serious for a moment there's no reason to have ONLY women in there unless you're shooting the next DVD for girls gone wild. The inside looks great as one would expect and I love the balcony bar but the pompous pratt attitude and the don't you know me posers are annoying beyond words. The bartender on the balcony is by far one of the best I've ever encountered in the valley. You can be comfortable that the drinks are going to be stellar. Granted she is the only plus to this entire debacle of a night out on the town. The whole place screams pretentious prickery and people who are irrelevant trying to be relevant. The reception desks attitude when making a mistake was "No ones ever complained before!" Just because we're not Brangelina doesn't mean we need to be treated like street vagrants. And as far as the sushi restaurant goes, I've got a two word review... SHIT ROLL
2	THE W Hotel is lucky to recieve 2stars from me considering.. OKAY since when does Starwood run a hotel like a nightclub.. with some creepy, slimy wannabes watching the velvet rope...the usual, pretties in, some guys and averages-- may have to work for it..just to be told no.. The creepy rope boy actually pulled my friend and I out of the line and whisked us in....in a weird way bc he only said a few things that I couldnt comprehend into my hair!, Who he was talking to whom in his headset!? haha.. so weird... so important Im sure..THIS after I watched the velvet rope boys tell this couple in front of me that they were at capacity... the couple sheepishly left.. how mean is that? I have been 'out' at the W... BOTH with my guys, or with the girls, or with a mix a both.. I will tell you that the rope guys let me and 2 out of my group of 5 in.. an hour later, up at Shade, my other friends arrive.. but pissed off AND ready to go to another place to throw down dollars on drinks or a table.. NOTE: You dont need a table at Shade.. its wide open.. Its a cool area, usually decent music... AS a hotel guest.. I spent my birthday weekend here.. a stay-cation that included 2nites... VIP passes to Scottdales 'hottest' clubs.. a few drinks at Shade, etc. etc... Good deal..I had two rooms. BUT our rooms were smallish, in comparison to the W in NYC and San Diego.. and the bathroom is kind of in the open.. I love the decor though.. Problem with the ipod dock.. called, got nothing.. They said theyd bring another.. but they didnt.. Got into the shower, the entire handle fell off ...and it OUCHED my foot!! Okay.. I showered...we were late for dinner! But wasnt able to adjust the lukewarm water at that point.. Called and requested a new room.. but the hotel was 'full' so they couldnt move us.. Maintenance came at some point while we were out that nite...Concierge.. so, so.. Alyssa on the nice side.. she seemed helpful, as we requested our VIP listings.. but was supposed to call me back with confirmations, and didnt. When I called I got a different concierge, he was curt as it gets. Without a clue as to what lists we were on... He ended up having to call my cell to at that point telling me that Junkie wanted us there by 10p.. or our VIP would cancel.. Idk if thats really the concierges fault.. but NO one eventually getting my AmX is telling me to be at a bar at said time.. I do blame both concierge's for not communicating and being a bit nicer.. Hello! Bad economy=be happy for your job and respect your clientele... After dinner and all of our clubs.. our party ended up back at W for Shade.. here we go again with the ropes, the second rope to get upstairs.. show the key card, yada yada.. done.. except a couple of us didnt bring our key cards... OOOPS..NOW your gonna deal with the overproducted hair boy at the rope! OMG..stop with the marketing and let people in...it was after midnite! AND hello... this isnt NY or LA.. (sorry Scottsdale)... its the damn desert! The next morning I had a res for day beds.. those come 2 to a room and you may grace the day bed presence for a period of time.. AND the res for that , as told by our 'friendly' concierge.. was needed a day before.. as in, upon check in.. The food isnt great...but its def overpriced.. Did like the unique drinks for the 'day after'... I will say, I love the pool... it was a party for sure.. the attendants are sweet, attentive.. Well, until your to leave the day bed... :-) NOW heres where the dicey becomes sheisty... AFTER checking out..I recieved a survey  from the W itself... Okay, I never fill out these things.. but figuring that I am a Starwood member , they may want to know there were issues on our rooms...UPON recieving my survey, the manager contacted me with an apology and an invite back to a cabana and bottle compliments of he... WOW... points scored... I thought Id 'save' the cabana deal for a later part of summer... hello! PHX heat! When I recently went to 'cash in' on my cabana... the manager couldnt even call me back.. his points now zero..and he made The W look bad and hit the lowbag style of lows... bad business...very poor management of a hotel being run like 'the place to get your drink on 24/7'....not sure the average business man really wants that.. but for us and our weekend..we knew we did..and booked there.. OKAY...on the clerks that check you in 5stars.. Decor=5starsBliss Spa=5starsBellman=3stars... dropped bags when deliveringParking=0stars... its only valet @26 a dayConcierge=2starsShade @ nite=3starsShade pool (day)=4stars..Shade pool attendants=5starsVelvet rope creepers=FAILRoomService=3stars for being sweet and prompt..but club soda for a tiny bottle (size not mentioned on menu)..@$5 each... wowManager=NEGATIVE stars...Will I return?? Probably not.. its not that special to put up with that treatment...
4	What a phenominal resting place, and an even better party place. Oh my luxuriously comfortable bed! I could have slept all day. Only wish the light wasn't peeping through the bathroom window at the crack of day (especially after partying all night, then going for a late night swim after the club was closed 24hr pool for guests is awesome!). The shower was great, but the sink was HORRIBLE. I shouldn't have put on my clothes until after i brushed my teeth, because the square shallow sink splashed all the water back up everytime i rinsed. They have a nack for making it up to you when their service lacks. We paid for our room a month before, asked for adjoining rooms but when we arrived, they didn't have one reserved for us. Since it was my birthday, sister mentioned it and asked why they would promise one, if they only have three of the type. I happed to walk up at the time, said it was okay and i was chill with it. They upgraded us to a bigger room, delivered half a dozen chocolate covered strawberries and gave me all the wrist bands i needed (7- normally $25 each) , for the 944 magazine party held roof top at the pool. It was probably the fact that i didn't over react or act like a jerk, i killed them with kindness, as always, and they delivered! I will definitely stay there many more times. The club is very scottsdale and trendy with house music. I like the fact that the pool is open 24 hrs. We sat on the stadium seats and people watched. Luckily 944 had lots of stuff going on too. I think this place is great for the price and the rooms are so much fun! If your a vouyer this is the place for you. If your a partier this place is for you (your VIP at the club and the security doesn't act like douchebags when they see your band) only complaint is when the security doesn't see your wrist band, they are A - - - - - - S the biggest kind. They act like they work in Beverly Hills or Hollywood and the world is trying to steal their star. So if your looking for a place to party and sleep, stay here, but remember if you leave the hotel, upon your return, hold your hand up high at the door and your all good. lol
3	On a recent trip to Phoenix, a friend of mine suggested we meet his girlfriend and her posse at the W Hotel rooftop deck in Scottsdale. It was a Saturday night and the place was rocking. I had to laugh @ the sizzle dick doormen who gave us "f you" look when we walked to the door. We were told we would need to wait while other, I suppose, more attractive clientele strolled in. I hate this bullshit. I have not waited in a line to get in anywhere since I was in college. Of course, the moment the ladies came down to rescue us, we were transformed into handsome and worthy dudes (which, of course, we are). It never hurts to have young, hot babes seeking you out I suppose..Whatever....it worked and we were off the sought-after rooftop deck. It was a gorgeous, clear, breezy, and warm evening in Scottsdale. The rooftop deck was perfect, with inviting lounge chairs, couches, and enough space to not feel encroached upon. Drinks were reasonably priced, service was OK. Eye candy was off the charts. Felt like I was in NYC for fashion week. Never seen heels so high and dresses so short...not that I am complaining.......... Thank goodness I wore my good shoes and they were shiny.... All in all....once we passed front door...it was an enjoyable experience. I would go back....but maybe not on a Saturday night. Ambiance.....5 stars Clientele......5 stars Attitude ........1 stars Service.........3 stars
1	Great hotel with a superb bar and restaurant (Sushi Roku), but our stay was heavily tarnished by our experience of the pool...Unfortunately, the W has cashed in on the Vegas party pool idea and lets wannabes who aren't staying in the hotel turn up and reserve the loungers. This meant that I had to pay $50 for my gf and I to lie in the sun.You would have thought that paying guests would get priority, but it seems like every skank and db in Scottsdale is more important.
1	If you are considering a stay at the W and you are over the age of 18, please reconsider. The property is hip and the design is very attractive - but the actual accommodations put form over function in many ways. That, and the service - with some exception - was much too "wtf bff l8r lol" for the $$$ that you pay. Upon arrival, we parked our car in the rotunda...great first impression until we were ignored by the valet service. Perhaps it's because we rolled up in Mazda 3 rather than the Jaguar or BMW that shared the space with us. Pardon our "hoopty"! Next time, you can save the "who the f are you" glances for your buddies. At the check in desk, we were greeted half-heartedly by a woman who was remotely helpful, if not being thorough enough in an explanation is acceptable as "helpful". We were handed our room keys, wristbands (which I'm still not sure what purpose they serve) and an impatient ::sigh:: and we were on our merry way. The Valet finally caught up with me. Thanks! I reciprocated the same "f you" look :). The room set up is interesting, however, the bed is so close to the door (which must be very thin) and every little noise in the hallway is clearly heard. Including drunk 20-somethings on their way back to slumber. While I find their planned bedroom activities interesting, I'm not sure I want to hear about it...while I'm sleeping...The bathroom set up is innovative - and again, very attractive to the eye - but even a nearly opaque glass door to serve as privacy for the toilet is a bit revealing. Who wants to see someone squat down and take a pee? Aren't their websites to satiate that interest?Starting about 10:30 PM, you can expect to hear a rave party in your room, no matter if you wanted it or not. I like Boom-Boom-Pow just like the next guy, but...I also wanted to sleep. Whatever gathering was being had in the lobby or whatever "hip" nightclub was shaking the entire property. The room service wasn't bad, but much overpriced for the entrees we received. At least the person that delivered the food treated my wife and I as if we were real humans...the only good interaction we had while at the W. Save all other inconveniences, the fire alarm at 11:50 PM was certainly the icing on the cake.  I've stayed at many top-notch hotels and this certainly was the worst. What makes it harder to swallow is that my wife booked this as a surprise - she felt horrible, and that is the worst amenity the hotel had to offer. I guess I'm not hip and with it anymore? Figure it out, W Hotel.
3	The Scottsdale W was awesome!  However, it was awesome for just me-not sure if my husband would have liked the trendy-boutiquey feel. The pool was amazing--cabanas, huge chairs, lots of wait staff, sandy beach area. Lots of really good looking 20 and 30 year olds there to be seen. A lot of them were standing in the pool drinking and socializing.  So fun!  Their spa is really nice-Bliss.  I got a massage and took a steam shower.   The room was really nice but kinda small--or maybe I was just comparing it to the Hilton that I had just come from with the normal sized room that you could fit two queens in.  I also thought there was a bit too much noise due to long hallways/thin doors.  The cleaning lady seemed to be outside my door all Sunday night and I could hear room service before they arrived at my door both mornings. The restaurant is Japanese with a sushi bar. They do regular breakfast and lunch. They also have a great lounge to get normal food/drinks in.  And of course, everything is expensive. A glass of wine at the hotel was $12 while any other place was half the price.   If you are looking to walk places (which it seems no one in Scottsdale does!), the W is great.  It is a block from Fashion Square Mall and there are a lot of bars just down the street.
2	In most cites, the W hotel is a place of well educated and chill people who are looking to have great conversation and relax...aka business travelers, physicians etc. Scottsdale ruined the W concept and it is trying to be an upscale club much like the Sanctuary tried to do back in 2000. That's not the vibe people expect from the W. The staff at the W are mixed. Some of the bouncers are gentlemen and professionals who appreciate educated people while the others are trashy meatheads who act elitist for no reason. It's hit or miss and you could have a very bad experience if you run into the wrong bouncer. One of the bouncers lied to us and told us our contact/manager at the W didn't exist. When we called our contact to meet us downstairs, he escorted us upstairs, bought us drinks and reprimanded that dumb 20 yo bouncer who was trying to act above his pay grade. Nonetheless, juvenile tactics like that should be held at Martini Ranch not the W. This is supposed to be a classy place.On a positive note, the waitresses upstairs are very nice and not fake. They are beautiful but friendly and didn't have unnecessary attitude.
4	It's hard to complain about this hotel. If you're into the trendy/modern establishments this place is probably up your alley.The service was pretty near perfect. The clerks make sure that everything you want is provided for you. They'll even make reservations on your behalf to nearby restaurants. The location of the the W is nearby a mall, there's also a Yardhouse, Starbucks and a Grand Luxe Cafe within walking distance too.The W hotel boasts a pretty jam packed pool party in the summers. The pool is located on the roof with lawn chairs and circular couches placed everywhere. Not to mention that they have a 'beach'; An area that if full of sand and tents for you to lay on. You can also order food while soaking up the sun and alcohol.The hotel rooms are clean, semi-quiet, but very small. For the price you pay to stay at this hotel, they sure give you a tiny room. But the service outshines the room so I can bear with it. The pool area becomes a club/lounge at night, and you can hear the music from your room (thump thump thump). After a while, it can get annoying.The toiletries are straight from their in-house spa, Bliss. Flat screen in the rooms, a desk for you to do any office work on and modern-esque furniture and lighting to set the mood.I suggest trying out the W hotel. Their pool party rocked, the service was near perfect, the rooms were nice, they have an in-house spa, Japanese restaurant (Sushi Roku), and a lounge (The living room).
4	At first I was surprised to see this hotel only has a 2.5 star average, but then I saw the crown that the pool area brings in. D-bag central! In all fairness to the hotel, the hotel and pool area should have separate reviews because the hotel itself is a very nice place. I arrived on a Sunday and the people at the front desk were very friendly and they even were gracious enough to call me after I checked in to see if there is anything else they can do for me. I know they do this for every guest, but it does make you feel a tad more welcomed. The hotel room was very modern, the bed was a king size with very cozy pillows, sheets and comforter. It had a large walk in shower and not your typical sardine can sized shower in most other hotels. The room also had a nice 32" LCD along with quite a few channels to choose. I was about to rent a movie on demand, but the $16 price tag put a stop to that!Overall, I was very happy with the stay. The room, food and TV entertainment were a it expensive, but I'm sure most higher end hotels in Scottsdale are the same.
5	I came to the W last month for a Bachelorette party. My only complaint was that it was raining!  Aside from that the bar was awesome.  We got bottle service up by the pool and they were nice enough to find us another table downstairs when it began to rain.Alyssa was a great person to work with.  I called ahead to make sure they could accommodate our group and she had everything set up when we arrived.  They made the night very memorable.I have not stayed in the rooms but the Pool bar on the roof and the Lobby bar was awesome.  The crowd was overall very good looking! I am definitely going to come back here next time I am in Arizona!
2	My first stay at a W hotel has tainted my opinion of the brand. Incorrect room charges, bad restaurant waitstaff, and horrible pool service are just a few of the complaints we had staying here. Then there was the broken ice machine and failure to provide taxis.  At 11:30am on a Sunday morning, pool chairs weren't set up unless you paid for the prime sun spots. We waited half an hour while they took their sweet time to set the free chairs up. Really? Is it seriously too much to ask to get pool chairs by noon?! And after I brought this to the attention of the front desk, I was met with the obligatory, "uh huh. Ok." No offer of a solution. Thanks. Way to serve your customers.  For such an exclusive hotel, the W failed to deliver. I've received better service at a Holiday Inn. And other hotels call taxis too. The W doesn't even do that.The only reason it has 2 stars instead of 1 are the nice rooms but I'll take better service over a fancy room any day.
2	See picture 19 above - all the posers at the pool?  Come here if that is what you are looking for.If you have expectations for capable, thoughtful hospitality or a reasonably-sized room, try somewhere else.  This place is a club first and a hotel second, while missing the delicate balance other similar hotels (including other Ws) are able to achieve.The waitresses *are* pretty hot though......nah, still not worth it.
4	I went to Scottsdale on a Girls trip back in Feb of 2010.  We decided to stay at the W..and we were so glad we did.  The location of this hotel is PERFECT.  Right by the mall, spas, tons of restaurants and of course..the night life.  It's not that far from camelback mountains either, I think it was a 1-2 mile walk.The lobby is beautiful and the staff here is amazingly friendly.  The concierge really was helpful.  Sara was able to score my friends some VIP tickets to a movie premier that the hotel was hosting...it was great!The rooms are nice, great decor, lavish, and the beds are soo comfy.  The products in the room are all by bliss..which is nice.  I will warn you though..the one thing thats a bit odd about the hotel is that the bathroom has doors that are see through.  The shower and the toilet doors are made of a foggy glass...so if you plan on staying with someone that you aren't super close with...you may consider getting your own room.  The girls I stayed with I've been friends with for 20+ years and even we were a little uncomfortable.The escort car service is great...they pick you up and drop you off anywhere in the vicinity...so nice!Sushi Roku and the Living room bars have great drinks...the food at sushi roku is amazing, and awesome veg options as well.The pool area/pool bar is beautiful.  This place is hopping on a Saturday night with gorgeous people...great music. All in all, if i ever go back to Scottsdale, I don't think I'd stay anywhere else!
5	Had a great time pool-side. The atmosphere is great and the staff was very attentive. Drinks were great, sun was a little hot, can't really blame the W for that though. Beautiful hotel with a great modern style. Definitely recommend as a great spot to relax in the AZ sun or stay for a weekend. Also not a bad spot for some celeb sightings, saw a few of the Cardinals there when I was there
3	The W is in a great location (minutes from great restaurants and the mall) and I found it to be very clean and modern. The service was great and everyone was really friendly. A few downsides:- The rooms with two beds only have full size beds- It is hard to get a lounge chair at the pool unless you arrive very early in the morning to stake out your spot or want to spend $25 per chair per day to reserve one (ridiculous when you are a hotel guest if you ask me)- And finally, unless you want to feel like you are in an episode of the Jersey Shore, you might want to skip the pool on Sundays, definitely out of control and a shitshow
4	We just got back from a short trip and I must say I have mixed feelings about this hotel. My husband and I are Starwood Preferred Members and have stayed at many W's around the US. Here is a quick rundown of what was awesome and what could be improved...Pros - The actual hotel was gorgeous. The grounds were amazing. Probably the most impressive W I have been to as far as looks go. The location was perfect. Walking distance to shopping and restaurants. No need for a car here! The Whatever/Whenever service was fantastic. They helped us with a quite a few things and were friendly, helpful and very easy to work with. The pool area was amazing. On Sunday evening, all day Monday and Tuesday, it was calm and relaxing. We were able to get a chair, even a cabana, and the service was exceptional. Now, the cons...The pool on Saturday & Sunday was ridiculous. Packed with non-hotel guests and Jersey Shore wanna-bes. My husband had another word starting with a "D" and ending with the word "bag" but I can't bring myself to say it! As a paying hotel guest, this was so annoying. These people took over the pool, the lobby - even the gym and make the experience less than positive. The rooms, while small, were ok. The bathrooms lack privacy (but most W bathrooms are like that) but worked for our situation. What I didn't like were the stained and torn sheets we were given each day and the dirty rag left in our shower after the maid cleaned up. That was not cool. The gift shop, or lack of. We were in desperate need of some basic sunscreen and aleve. There were only fancy suntan lotions & meds to purchase. While I understand this is better looking to the customers, without a convenience store close by, it would have been nice to have the option to choose. Overall, we had a great time. The biggest con about the experience was the Saturday & Sunday crowd, but the hotel itself was awesome. We will definitely come back...just probably on a Monday - Thursday instead.
4	I've had the pleasure of staying here one weekend and was very pleased with the service we received.  The wait staff in the restaurant was very attentive, and the food was very good (although a little pricey).  I love the pool lounge area with DJ at night.  My stay was during the 4th of July weekend 2009.  I must say I wasn't very impressed with their fireworks display (I expected more).  The thing that pleased me the most with regards to my stay occurred when I misplaced my cell phone in one of the towncars.  The attendants a the hotel contacted the towncar company who then searched for my phone.  The hotel attendant then called my room and informed me that my phone had been located and was returning. The hotel is very conveniently located near Old Town Scottsdale and the property's grI would definitely recommend staying here.
3	I have to agree with most of the reviewers on here--the W is a bit of a disappointment.  However, I should note that it all depends on what you are looking for.  My girlfriends and I stayed here for a weekend recently to catch up and relax.  We had visions of chilling by the pool, drinks in hand, and reviving ourselves from long weeks of work.  So, here's my beef: the pool is CRAZY.  We're talking Vegas, lots of big boobs, roided out dudes, and overall debauchery.  This can be really fun if that's what you're expecting/in the mood for.  We just weren't, and it was disappointing to have to fight for a spot to even sit at the pool when we were guests.  Again, I partially blame the fact that I had incorrect expectations, but I can only imagine older travelers staying here and planning on taking their kids to the pool and having to cover their children's eyes when they get there.  Drinks are also crazy overpriced and weak--just an FYI.The rooms at the W are pretty slick and cool-looking, but potentially take the slickness too far. Again, a caveat: we were in a handicapped accessible room so my experience may be colored by the fact that there is almost no privacy in the shower or bathroom to the rest of the room.  We did find the staff to be really helpful and nice, and the location is great if you are looking to cruise the bars and restaurants in Scottsdale.  I would recommend the W for bachelor/bachelorette parties and general rowdy debauchery, but I'd go elsewhere if I just wanted a nice place to stay and relax.
3	Eh, not super impressed. For the price, I don't think it's worth it. While the hotel itself is beautiful, and the rooms extremely nice, finding a helpful staff member was a hit-or-miss. Some of the folks were great and went out of their way to make sure I was taken care of. But others made it obvious I was interrupting their gossip session with fellow employees. I felt like I was being annoying when I asked if they could please call me a cab for the next morning. Shouldn't that be their job?And the pool scene was ridiculous. Traveling for business, I arrived on a Sunday afternoon, looking forward to a few hours of relaxation before starting work. I only stayed at the pool for 5 minutes as the blasting music, sloppy-drunk-silicone-infused-stiletto-wearing-girls, and make-out sessions, were just too much for me to handle at 2pm in the afternoon. I felt like I was in Vegas. Ugh. 5 stars for the actual architecture and decor of the hotel. 1 star for the overall experience.
3	I stayed mid-week.  The hotel lobby is very chic.  I had a standard King room.  When I opened the door, I was practically on my bed.  The rooms are very small however, they make use of every inch.  The decor very contemporary and Asian influenced.  Found it interesting that there is no coffee maker in the room but several bottles of liquor and a 'kit' for intimacy along with prepackaged snacks.  One of my bath towels was stained with some caked on green stuff like wax.  The bed was really comfortable.The pool is for watching young people getting tipsy and doing canon balls (the pool is only 3 1/2 feet deep).  But the service is good.Upon check out, I called for a bellman and after 25 minutes of no-show, I had to call again and wait another 5.  Disappointing.I wouldn't stay there again unless it was free.
3	Lemme preface this with: I'm from San Jose, CA aka Silicon Valley. Land of the computer nerds and tech geeks. Just south of perpetually gloomy SF where it is considered amazing nice weather when it hits 70 and there is a sliver of sun peeking through the fog/clouds. Ok now that we understand the context, lets move onto the review.The only place I've been to for pool parties in Vegas and in my mind, that's totally excusable because, well... it's Vegas!!! So when The Boyfriend (and his buddies) decided to book a room here for access to their pool and reputable pool party, I was game. The hotel itself is super trendy, with a clean and contemporary looking decor. Obviously, it attracts a certain kind of crowd - young, single, trendy, and mostly good looking people. Most of the girls I saw there were blue eyed, platinum blond, petite girls with loads of makeup, high heels, and wearing tiny little pieces of clothe I can only assume were shorts, skirts, or dresses of some sort. The men were cut, tanned, and sporting their stunna shades indoors. The room we had had a good view of the pool (the main attraction for the weekend) and consisted of 2 double beds. It was a bit smaller than a regular room, but not horribly cramped. The only thing I did NOT like about this hotel room was their bathroom set up. The toilet and shower each had their own door, but the separating doors were made of a hazy glass like material and the only thing separating you from the beds was a thin sliding door, which is very shadow see-through. Also there were no windows in the bathroom area and no fan in the toilet area, which can get uncomfortable for the only girl staying in the same room with her boyfriend and his 2 friends... especially when the girl's body and digestive system is extremely regular, if you get my drift.Anyway, onto the pool party...It starting getting poppin' around 1pm. There are plenty of tables for your reserving pleasure and well as a few chairs to lay out in, if you can snag one in time. There are 2 bars, a dj area, and a small pool where most of the tiny, blond girls and gym rat guys stand around in. Although I'm not a huge fan of pool parties, I will admit it did feel good to be in the pool in the ridiculously hot AZ weather!!I realize this review was long, but... just making sure you get the 411, yo!
1	I feel so strongly in giving a 1-star review, that I'm taking the time out to write this at midnight after just flying back from Arizona.  Sure, the place may be pretty fancy, but if customer service sucks, then I find that more important than having a nice looking bathroom.The front desk was super snooty.  The following quotes are what I think they were wanting to say out loud, but couldn't:(1)  "Oh no, brown people are staying at our hotel" (2)   "Ugh, babies do not belong at our high class hotel"OR, the 2 guys who we dealt with simply had bad attitudes.  I don't remember their names; therefore I will provide descriptions of them.Every time I asked a question or made some request, the front desk guy with short brown hair made it seem like I was an inconvenience.  There was no warmth or kindness in his manners or tone of voice when I interacted with him..  In another instance, we had the displeasure of speaking with another front desk guy, who had black gelled hair.  We were asking about late check-outs, and he gave us the standard rates of checking out late:  check-out after 1pm and we would get charged $50, check-out b/w 3 and 6 pm and we would get charged half our room.  We asked if there was any flexibility in the times since we were travelling with our baby, but the guy was just rude in how he presented the rates.  The next morning, we called the front desk to confirm our late check-out time and the woman said we'd be allowed to stay until 2pm with no added fees.  So, we actually got to check out an hour later w/o added charges.  Black hair guy with gel  was an idiot for giving us the incorrect rates/times and for not being helpful.Also, on our last day there, a woman had knocked on our door at 9am, surprised that we were still there.  She was told that our room was vacant.  Then at 11am, a guy just opened up our door w/o warning, waking up my baby from his nap.  And at 1pm, another guy knocked on our door asking if we needed to refill the bar.  Couldn't he just do that after we checked out?If it weren't for the friendly folks we met in Scottsdale outside of the W Hotel, Scottsdale would have left a really bad impression with me.
4	I'm lucky to have such a great hotel so close to my office when I go visit Scottsdale.  They treat me well and the rooms are great.  I have to say this place is a total party place at night though on weekends, so it gets a little crazy there.  It keeps life interesting and a lot of fun if you have the time.
5	I have to hand it to the W Scottsdale, despite all of my pre-conceived notions regarding snooty customer service they managed to turn my stay into an absolutely amazing experience. This past Labor Day weekend, I booked a Cool Corner Suite for my boyfriend's birthday. We arrived at 4pm, well after the normal 3pm check-in time, got the keys to our suite and hurried up the elevator to get ready for our evening out. However, when we opened the door to our suite we both stopped dead in our tracks - the room was a COMPLETE disaster! Nothing had been cleaned. There were beer bottles scattered about, towels laying everywhere, dirty sheets and lots of garbage. Big disappointment and ewwwwwwwwww! Needless to say the two of us marched right down to the front desk to express our disgust. I was totally ready to hear a lame excuse followed by please wait here while we clean your room. However to my pleasant surprise this was far from the case! They apologized profusely, and then immediately offered to send us to the bar where they gave us cocktails and appetizers on the house. Now it takes more than just free drinks and food to appease my dissatisfaction, so I have to give a huge shot out to Charles from the hospitality department - what an awesome manager!!!! Staffs at hotels nationwide could learn a lesson or two from this guy. While we were sitting at the bar, Charles comes over to us and apologizes again for the problem with our room. He then asks us if we would be interested in checking out another room for an upgrade since it was going to take a while to clean our previous room. We said sure, and to our surprise they upgraded us to a WOW Suite overlooking the pool from the living room and Camelback Mountain from the bedroom. AMAZING! It totally made our weekend. By that time I could barely even remember the fact that they had messed up our original reservation... I was just so excited to enjoy the ultimate luxury that is the WOW Suite. To top it all off, they had champagne sent to my boyfriend to wish him a Happy Birthday! The W Scottsdale went above and beyond what normal hotels would do in a situation like this. We were given the VIP treatment despite the fact that we weren't movie stars or Scottsdale wannabe millionaires - and that's why I'm giving this hotel 5 stars. Charles also checked in with us a couple times during our stay just to make sure everything was going alright. It's the little things like this that show me how much a hotel cares about its guests. W Scottsdale, I will be back!  Your customer service is top notch. P.S. In regards to the debauchery that goes on at the W Scottsdale pool, it is what it is. I'm not sure why this would be such a surprise for so many people. If you're looking for a calm desert oasis, then this hotel isn't for you. The hotel even mentions that in a gentle way on its Web site. But if you're looking for a show-off party scene atmosphere where you can get your drink on, then the W Scottsdale is the perfect place. Great people watching! And yea, the d-bag roided out guys along with the plastic too tan girls litter the W's pool side. But seriously now, these types can be found all throughout Scottsdale so it shouldn't be so shocking - just laugh at them and enjoy yourself. Don't let a couple of bimbos ruin your stay!  Thanks again W Scottsdale, and especially Charles - you rock!
5	I really enjoyed the lounge by the pool at night. Finally a faboulous place to enjoy quality cocktails and people watch in Scottsdale. I'm so over the ASU, college scene. This place is perfect for age 23-33. It's hip, has a dj spinning and just relaxing. I know I can go here and relax. Had a blast here. I'm hoping to return on my next AZ visit.
3	I only spent one night here, but it was a mixed bag. The good was the bed. I don't know if I've ever slept on something so soft. It was truly worthy of the cliche of "like a cloud." I could not have slept better. However, the place is incredibly pretentious. Granted it is Scottsdale and I understand what they're going after, but still.
5	For my 700th review, I'm gonna yelp about the thrills and sexiness at the W hotel's Halloween affair.  Loved it!  Even in my current position as permanent designated driver, I had a great night soaking in the music, comfort and local talent.    Let's start with the club itself... it's a outside venue that shows off a sexy swimming pool and different levels of bars.  You have a lot of depth... one level will be a cozy, partially inside bar and the next will be a sand box of cabanas, with a bar.  My recommendation, unless you like $12 mixed drinks, avoid the center bar as they only serve top-shelf selections.  The side bars are much more reasonable... and you can get a $5 beer at any of them.    Next up, the crowd... I'm not sure how it is on a regular bar night but for the Halloween party, there was some serious hotness walking around.  The ladies especially.  Plus, when we first got there, the ladies definitely outnumbered the guys.  Not sure how it was later in the night as it got a lil too crowded to tell.  Another thing I liked was that it was a mid-20's and 30's kinda crowd with few annoying youngsters.And finally... loved the music.  It started with smoother beats that bled into crowd rockin' club hits.  We especially liked that they threw some 'funny' and old stuff in occasionally.  :)The party had other cool perks such as a fun, free photo booth and an easy will-call set-up.  Thanks W... we had a great Halloween night and will definitely be back!  See ya there!
4	One of the better W Hotels that I have stayed at....rooms are smartly designed but a little small.  Otherwise, staff was extremely friendly--can't always say that about the W.I'm sure this place gets a little cheesy on the weekends but was great for a Sunday night stay.
4	I LOVED the stay here and the location as well as the pool area bar/lounge.  Swaaaanky and Sexaaay.The staff was friendly, even though security came to our room every night to tell us to tone it down.  Whaaat?  Ok, fine, rowdy gals on girls vacay, but still.  I thought this was a "younger" crowd that knew rowdiness was to be expected?  Uhm...that's what the website says!  And we weren't THAAAAT bad. :)  But, they came to know and love us and didn't treat us any different so that's cool.  :)I would say it's a 3.5 overall, but rounded up b/c I had a fantabulous time and will def stay here again - mainly b/c it's walking distance to the mall, clubs and sprinkles. :)
4	Do you LOVE dancing the night away poolside with gorgeous red lamps, palm trees, and beautiful people everywhere? Nationally, you will find a good time at the W bar/club. It was the perfect location for a bachelorette night out on the town. The staff was attentive, and we enjoyed the space heaters. Fun fun.
5	This is a place I usually like to go since you can find some areas where dialogues are possible (i.e. the noise level is low in some spots). Although it is a bit pricey, I enjoy being able to lounge a little either upstairs or downstairs.
1	I visited the W Hotel Scottsdale over the holidays.  First, the positives:  The valet and welcome staff were great and helpful.  The facility had typical W style and appeared fun.  Unfortunately there was an incident with two Hispanic security guards at 2am.  The guard made wild accusations and extorted money from me.  I visit 5 Diamond properties often and have NEVER been treated so unprofessionally.  I will NEVER return, probably head to the Princess.
4	I have never stayed here at the W, but I have been to an event on the top floor and I have had friends who have thrown several events here.  Actually, my marketing teacher back in college raved about the W "branding."  When I enter the W, I feel electricity and energy from the music, the staff, and the ambiance.  I came here for an event during the winter, and it was extremely cold.  Up at the top lounge area, there were several heated lamps to keep the fun from getting too cold.  The lounge has several nice seats, couches, and circular tables to chill at.  The drink prices are not too bad actually, very comparable to many clubs.  Near one of the bars, there is a dance floor area.  The dance floor was kind of small and crowded, but I could not complain because the closeness kept enough heat between people.I would definitely party here again at the W.
1	As much as I am a lover of all W's due to the trendy scene, the touch of details and the unique style to a hotel stay. I have to say that the W Scottsdale does provide all of this BUT the rudeness of the staff takes away from all the positives. I stayed there in May this past year and had a bad experience with staff- I recall saying to myself "Well never going back there again" Well, like any loyal person, I gave it a go again when they were having their Phoenix Suns Gala...I encountered the same rude staff and they even seemed to get more rude. I will always be a fan of W's but I will never return to this one.
4	This may well be my favorite W!!!!.....(also a big fan of Lauderdale Beach & Lexington Ave in NYC spots)........the rooms are typical W...(small, modern & well.....cool with gadgets)....but most Impressive is the Upstairs SHADE LOUNGE which is Open air, Huge, very well designed for groups, 1 on 1, etc........the staff is strong and the drinks are amazingly inexpensive considering the surroundings..........Great place for any environment and will be back often!.........(reason just a 4 is the downstairs LIVING ROOM bar/lounge is rather small and not up to speed with the spots in NYC and Ft.Lauderdale)
4	Great hotel, stayed there for Spring Training weekend.  Beautiful scenery, the lobby, pool, and "talent" aka staff.  Great bars and restaurants, pretty normal prices.  The pool is amazing, a ton of loungy chairs and couches, infinity pool, no hot tub that I saw.  The bars also have a very loungy feel, live music downstairs at night and a lot of different events going on.  Location wise, it's close enough to the restaurants, old town Scottsdale, and the spring training fun.  And, there's a shopping center across the street.  There's no drug store nearby.  Taxis can be rough, it's not like being in a big city where they're everywhere, but we really didn't have any problems.The bar area on Friday and Saturday nights is definitely very Scottsdale, very "look at me" and trendy, but fun.  All of the staff was fantastic,  very friendly and helpful!The rooms were a little on the small side, but not bad.  Saw one of the suite rooms with a balcony, that was really nice.  I will absolutely stay again.
3	Loved the room and its functionality but this same room made me want to punch myself in the face.  I'm a young professional in his mid 30's who likes to party and understands what the W brand provides (especially on the weekends during moneymaker time) but when their DJ on Saturday night sounds like he's spinning from your bathroom, it makes for a tough stay.  Got home at 12:30 a little buzzed and had a rave in my head until 2am.  Finally got to sleep and loved the room and hotel otherwise, but this will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth. Maybe it's just a few rooms but 205 is a bad number here.
3	The rooms are tiny, and there's no bath tub! The place turns into a club at night, with pretty good music, if you hit the right night, and not ghetto-rap night. If your room is facing the outdoor lounge be prepared for loud music until the wee hours of the night (windows shut and all). This place can definitely fill up with fake pretentious people. Not my scene.Nice outdoor patio and pool. BEAUTIFUL GYM with AWESOME equipment!Unless you have a view of the "zen" area, the view is of a lot under construction and well nothing much else.I stayed here during Barret Jackson and uh it was interesting.The Sushi restaurant is delicious but they don't even know what Goma-ae is, and they don't have seaweed salad! Otherwise great resto.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I love this W. Especially during spring training time. It was the best time of the year! This is definitely my kind of place. The pool, rooms, bars. It was a great experience here. Nice mini bar when in need, but it's only about a shot! Haha
5	Great staff, awesome setting, great place to layout and spend time with your friends @ the pool.
3	This is just a review of the lobby bar area. I have stayed at many W hotels and have always been happy with their consistency.On a rainy night. The upstairs club was empty so the downstairs lobby bar was packed. Just your typical bottle service seating full of people who looked in no way inclined to socialize.Meh. We sipped some fizz, enjoyed the super fun boutique and posted bail to go elsewhere to enjoy the rest of the evening.
4	Stayed for an evening away..live in Tempe but wanted a little relaxation...went to bar upstairs to grab a drink. Beer selection ehhh..but opted for Hennessy Priv..and they have Pepsi!  Tyler was very cool and had someone bring up a coke from sushi roku downstairs. Very friendly nice atmosphere perfect! I'll have to try it when it's busy and see what happens but so far so good..oh decor is cool and modern, rooms are a bit small but unless you're gonna party in it...they are nice and relaxing.
2	When it comes to the W club scene, I am not at all impressed. We bought two tables at $400 to celebrate a girlfriend's bachelorette party and were able to bypass the goofy waiting line to get into the "standard area" at 10pm. Little do the people know once allowed upstairs with the secret passcode (lame) when you ask a guard where the washroom is, they will send you through the double doors where you are trapped inside a stairwell! At the bottom, it opens up to the street where another guard yelled at me to close the door back up! No matter what somebody says, avoid double doors!!!!
3	Meh.
2	It is somewhat unfair for me to review this hotel, mainly since I am generally not a fan of the W concept. For me to review the W brand is tantamount to a vegan reviewing Morton's steakhouses. Nevertheless, I have stayed at the Scottsdale W 3 times, patronizing its Sushi restaurant and its spa. Ergo, I feel compelled to review this nightclub (I mean hotel). First, this is a business hotel crossed with a nightclub/bar with a fraternity pool party on the second floor. Be prepared to dwell among drug addicts, duffers, strippers, and other deviants. if you are sharing accommodations, and not staying in a large suite, be sure that you are very comfortable with your roommate, or be prepared to get to know your roommate. The bathroom area is uninhibited - lets just say. I suspect that the racists who designed the rooms here hated the Asian culture, for I am convinced that the designers studied the art of Feng Shue solely for the purposeof doing everything in violation of its core principles. Think of a fast food place designed to motivate its patrons not to stay long. I found the large price tags on every item in the room irritating.  he random drug style accessories also made me feel somewhat uncomfortable.To give this degenerate refuge some credit, the creams and hair conditioner seemed OK, and the front desk strippers seemed to have memorized their scripts better than their colleagues at the bar. The Sushi Roku restaurant is actually good, and stands out amidst the nuclear fallout. if you are a freak, and you visit Scottsdale, and are too lazy to go to strip clubs or sleazy bars, this is your home away from home. Otherwise, may I humbly suggest the Four Seasons.
2	This is a review on the W bar scene past 11pm on weekends...2 stars for the wonderful layout, spacious, open air nature of the bar with the pool in the middle of course.Otherwise, your classic meat market, average age 25 and IQs to match ;-) Fun if you want to relive childhood but otherwise give it a pass.
3	A friend visited from out of town and suggested we meet here for drinks.  We came here two nights in a row, Wed/Thu.  On Wed night, the lobby bar was dead with 2 or 3 people there.  On Thu night, the lobby bar had a few more people, but was still a blah place to hang.  So we decided to check out the pool bar, which we were told was a better scene.We headed up to the pool, which is on the 2nd floor, and ordered a couple of drinks.  The waitress was very friendly and fast with our drinks.  However, the pool wasn't really happening either.....there were maybe 20 or 30 people there at 9 pm.Since the scene was slow, we took off after a round.  I hear the pool parties on the weekends are epic.....so, I will be back for sure.Return Factor - 90%
2	Alright W, I've got bones to pick. I've been a customer at the W several times, and it seems like every time I go there is some kind of issue. Whether it's with the room, or whether its with how many guests we are permitted to have at our very expensive table...there's always something. When I come to the W, I expect to spend money. No complaints about that, I know that when I head to the W that I am going to drop some dough on whatever it is we are doing. Got it. What I don't understand is the sub-par customer service for a place that spouts "Whatever, Whenever". For example, My friends and I purchased a table in the night club. There was only three of us at the table, and we got constantly heckled by the door people and the management about the rest of our party showing up who were in another vehicle. Im sorry, but 3 people to a bottle of champagne and a bottle of vodka?! We would have been absolutely hammered. Furthermore, there were only 3 other guests that were looking to join us. It's not like I invited 10 more people, but they seriously wanted to get into it with me over a total of 6 guests at this table in their nightclub. Hello? Are you serious? Any other nightclub in Scottsdale would have happily accommodated 6 guests to a table.  Not to mention that aside from purchasing the table, my other friend also purchased a room for the night. The W has a very nice decor, and a great selection of alcohol and food, but again the management of the place is not up to par for the prices you are paying.
4	The staff is attractive and friendly as is the case with most W locations. The hotel does have the other usual W fare:Smallish roomsShower without a shower doorPricey amenitiesNice pool and lounge areaFresh clean rooms and lobbyBliss products in the roomHigh Points:Friendly whenever, wherever staff is always there to help.Location is close to plenty of night life, Old Town Scottsdale and Fashion Square Mall. Cold water in the car when you pick it up from valet. The bar staff during the evening events were friendly and helpful. Guests at the hotel during MLB All Star Week were allowed to attend some of the parties for free. It was cool to see some of the players in town for the game. The pool area is quiet and relaxing during the day. The underwater speakers at the pool are a cool touch. Low Points:Free Wi-Fi in the lobby and pool area, but not in the room.Shower does not have a door. (It is my great pain with many W locations. You always have a "draft"and the bathroom ends up wet unless you're careful.
3	This review is for the pool only.  I had a great time at a girlfriends 30th bday party here.  The service was awesome, and there was LOTS of people watching to be had.  It's your typical Scottsdale folk hanging out here, so if you feel like you don't fit it, it's OK, you probably don't.  Ha, have fun anyway!  My friend rented out two cabana's for the day, and they served us a fruit platter.  Very nice touch.  Over all, I thought it was a great time, great place for such a party, and would definitely go back :)
4	GREAT hotel.  It lives up to the W standard.The room and hotel were really comfortable and stylish.  Pretty sure I have some new idea's to add to my hubby's to-do list on the house :)  The only drawback was that the room was small, especially for the price.  C'mon, this is Scottsdale, not New York City.The staff made this hotel.  Every minute, from check in to check out, was friendly, attentive and helpful.  We rotted by the pool for two days and the girls on the deck took great care of us!!  We opted to go all environmental and nix everyday room cleaning.  They still brought up fresh towels and bath products everyday.  The bath products are all Bliss brand!  Do you have any idea how much those goodies go for at Sephora?!  If there was ever a time to steal from the unsuspecting cleaning lady in the halls, this is it.Great hotel and well located among the debauchery of the city!!
1	They added a 250 smoking charge when I don't even smoke.
4	My favorite part of this hotel is the pool party going on every weekend! There is a live DJ as well as an array of interesting individuals that hangout at the pool ALL DAY. I have never stayed at this hotel without making friends at the pool. The poolside food is also great. I ordered the Chicken BBQ pizza and they deliver it to you in this trendy pizza box. The pool staff as well as the hotel staff are great and try to accommodate you in every way possible. I also love the modernistic feel of the hotel. The bar area is chic and a great place to grab a cocktail before heading out to a long night on the town in the extremely close Oldtown Scottsdale bar scene.
1	Wow, now you guys rename a new page The W Scottsdale and call this one something different to hide your bad ratings... SHADY...My OG review was for the Scottsdale W and now it is for "The Living Room" and I see a Scottsdale W related ? hmm weird...Shady, Shady, Shady....And guess what, THIS W (not all) still sucks major donkey balls... I am also going to repost this review on both pages as it is for the HOTEL itself (and yes i have stayed there)Original Review:"this W sucks... So smug and unpleasant, whether its the annoying people, the overpriced everything, or the horrible staff, this place blows hard. I have been to W's in SF/Hollywood/NY and they all actually are pretty cool and I have enjoyed them.You can totally tell that Persians run this joint, don't get me wrong, I love Persian people, but there is that certain breed of them that wear douchey designer glasses and are obsessed with shiny jewlery and their 3-series and treat people like shit. That is the vibe this place puts off, like a sleezy wanna be vegas spot that is so far from cool that it is laughable. Don't even waste your time, but if you do make sure to pre-game because that shit is expensive!"
5	I had the opportunity to tour this property recently and I can't think of a single negative about the place. Starwood properties are always fantastic and this is the first W I've experienced. Although I did not stay overnight at the hotel, I was able to see a standard room and explore the property and see the amenities they have to offer. The W Scottsdale meets up to it's brand's reputation. They have a "Whatever Whenever" motto which is what they hope to get across in the decor, service, and overall experience. The meaning is that the W will give you what you want, when you want it. They indeed have everything at their fingertips there. Location wise they are right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale with dining, shopping, and entertainment all within walking distance. They offer a complimentary car service that will take you anywhere with in a five mile radius, if you even need the car at all. The hotel itself is very modern and elegantly trendy. You can't help but feel it is the "IT" place to be. The rooms are simple and are focused on maximizing space so they are not set up like a traditional hotel room. Nothing about the W says traditional. They have their own very defined modern style. And they do not miss a single detail. As I walked around the infinity swimming pool (gorgeous) I saw a W drawn into the sand ashtray by the bar patio. They change out their mats three times daily to say good morning, afternoon, and evening. They anticipate your need before you have thought of it. I enjoyed some cocktails in The Living Room, their main bar and lounge. Everything was superb, with funky names to the drinks and unique concoctions that made my taste buds smile. Even though I'm a Scottsdale resident, I would definitely consider a staycation at the W Scottsdale. I could have a blast with out leaving the hotel. (It is also extremely conscientious of the business traveler, assuring that no matter the purpose of your stay your needs are fulfilled and you will leave with a smile on your face.) Oh, and did I mention they have one of the hottest spas in town? (Bliss) also one of the hottest sushi restaurants as well, which I ate at and loved loved loved as usual! (Sushi Roku) Like I said, can't think of a single negative! 5 stars all the way for the W Scottsdale!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the W!! It's my first time staying there so I notice all the little details / services provided by the hotel staffs, so I think this hotel fully deserves the 5 star rating.  All the staffs I met at the hotel were very friendly, approachable, not pretentious at all.  I think the pool on the rooftop is definitely a draw for me, being able to enjoy the sun at 6 in the morning in the pool is pretty neat.  I didn't think my room was too tiny, I think the room layout is very different than most of the hotels I've been to, but it has that minimalist edgy feel to it, which i love.  I would book this hotel in a heartbeat!
4	Gorgeous hotel. I just went for a seminar but I think I would consider a staycation right there!! Great neighborhood feel with some fun bars and restaurants within walking distance. Can't wait to check it out.
2	W hotels are fabulous - but this location lacks luster. Mediocre rooms, subpar services (front desk, valet and housekeeping - left me stranded w/o toilet paper after 3 calls), ultra cramped gym.  However, the pool is worth checking out - nice concept layout in middle of a desert oasis.
5	Attended the Pink charity event at the Shade bar.  Great time and the scene was fantastic.Need to highlight the job that Jason and Halley do with VIP tables.  I've worked with both of them twice now and the experience is always top notch.  Always ensure that the experience is better than expected.
3	This hotel has a sleek, modern design with a touch of whimsy.  I really like the lighting in the main lobby area; it's very cool.  They also have an outdoor patio that is covered with white shade sails and had fake grass (the nice kind) which gave it a clean, crisp feeling.  I was there for a conference and that is where they served us lunch but I also think it would be a great place for an evening cocktail party or somewhere just to hang out and read during the day.  I am not sure how they have it set up when there is not an event but I noticed some white benches with the same fake grass on the seats (hilarious) pushed off to the side so I am guessing that is what is normally in the space.  I can't really comment on the rooms since I didn't spend the night there but the facilities in the conference space were pretty good.  Very functional but not boring.  The food was decent too and the servers were all really friendly and on top of everything. Overall I really enjoyed my day there.  Reading the other reviews I guess I am in the minority since I came here for work and not to party.  I don't normally come to Scottsdale for my weekend fun but I will give this place a try sometime.
2	On a very cold night, L wore my favorite sexy outfit of hers a tight white dress. It is my fave pic of her to look at of her in the white dress. Anyway, it was cold that night, but after a few drinks on the patio, you really do not mind. They have cool cabanas upstairs. When I was single, they used to give guys a hard time to get in. I think they changed their policy this was a few years back, to let anyone in. We paid to go to the nba all star game, and waited and waited and waited. It was not at all the w's fault ticketmaster overbooked. An attorney should have sued Ticketmaster for fraud.Change that it is the W's fault as they overbooked tickets. They just hired ticketmaster to be the promoter. The event was a W event. Someone should have sued the W and my score should go from a 5 to a 2.The rooms are very cool for those of you like me who like contemporary design. Interesting look.
3	Didn't live up to the hype and W reputation.The building looks and feels like a converted office building, while the bars offer some good vibe and the upstairs pool area probably would be a blast, the rooms and associated price just didn't make it happen.San Fran is still the high water mark for me for W locations, the Scottsdale needs to do a lot more to come close.
4	Stayed here while in town for business from NYC. If you've stayed at or been in a W before, you'll know what to expect. I had great service all around from check-in to room service to sitting in the bar area (not ordering a cocktail btw) just doing work. They replenished the Bliss bath and body products every day and gave great recommendations for what to check out while in town. My one surprise was the gym. The website touts an 1100 sq ft gym. Not sure who figured the square footage on that, but there's no way. Mind you, this isn't a bad thing. The gym is sufficient, but I had envisioned a much larger more comprehensive facility. All good though. Still got in a great workout. Didn't get to enjoy the pool as it was a bit too chilly out for that, but it was heated and seemed very nice. I would definitely stay here again.
5	We had a bad traveling experience (partially due to the crappy airport car service arranged by the W with ExecuCars or something) but as soon as we got here they made it better.  Very friendly a d accommodating.  The corner suite (301) is huge with a great view a d amazing layout.  The downstairs and upstairs bars are tasty (though the raspberry lemonade is too sour and the drinks have a lot of ice) and priced in line with most other places.  Room service is prompt and well done.This is clearly the jump off for the area so worth staying here to avoid lines and get great service.
4	This is definitely my kind of hotel: modern, hip, great service, great bars and restaurants, and architecturally sexy. It's the little details that make this place awesome. Especially their location in the heart of old town.
4	My first impression upon seeing the property as we drove in?  "This is a hotel?"  As another reviewer noted, the layout of this hotel is just odd.  The exterior made me wonder if it was perhaps a converted office building.  I stayed here for three nights for business.  Mind you this is the first W I've ever stayed in so I didn't know what to expect. Decor in the lobby and common areas were pretty nice.  Suitable I suppose for the desert location.  Room decor: totally different story.  I hated the muted colors and the retro style furnishings.  It just didn't feel welcoming.  I was lucky enough to have scored a corner suite overlooking the pool area, so that meant I had my own balcony and a pretty large room with a separate bathroom area.  But my coworkers had the "regular" rooms and wow.  TINY.  My review here may not have been as kind if I'd gotten stuck in one of those.  The one thing I hated the most was the placement of the bed.  It was awkwardly placed in the middle of the room (as in not against a wall) and worse yet the outside door/entrance was behind the headboard (bad feng shui if you're a believer)!  Hated that so much I flipped the sheets and slept sideways on the bed (yes, I'm short enough).PROS:- great staff: professional and very courteous- nice square footage but only if you get a corner suite- fluffy bathrobes!!!  YESSSSSSSSS!!! Oh and a bonus: spa-style slippers to wear in your room- Bose 5 channel speaker system- 2 LCD TVs in roomCONS:- square footage of the regular rooms- layout of the furniture- room decor and colorsAll in all, the hotel's saving grace in my perspective was the obvious thought placed in the amenities (when travelling, it's often the little things that count!): Bliss branded bath items, the fluffy bathrobe and slippers, the staff ... hence the four stars.  If decor, feng shui, and color schemes don't trouble you, 5 stars.
4	As the saying goes, "You can never go wrong with a W." I don't know if that's truly a saying, but it should be.  It's very trendy with lots of beautiful people and a good representation of the W brand.
5	By far the best experience I have ever had at a hotel!  The customer service was amazing.I planned my friend's bachelorette party here and they were so accommodating.  They even sent up hand-written notes and a bottle of champagne.The hotel in general is gorgeous!  The rooms are spectacular and so is the pool, bar, lobby, etc.When I come to Scottsdale next, no doubt I will be staying at the W!
5	This place is sooooo hip and sooooo cool. I love the decor and the vibe. I didn't think this ultra chic vibe existed in Scottsdale, but I am glad I found it. Good looking people and fun atmosphere make this an easy 5 stars!
3	The W is nice but the rooms are tiny and every time you open the patio door the AC turns off.  The staff was ok.  It's simply ok.
3	About the club: It was my friends birthday and she had flown in from LA to celebrate it with friends. I came late with a few friends and when I approached the bouncer I told him that my friend had a table and her name. The dude acted like I was lying and said the name wasn't on the list (it was) and said he wouldn't let us in. My B-day friend had to get the manager and bring him down before the jerk would let us in. Once in it was a snob-fest at the highest of levels. I do OT often and so I am use to some of the Scottsdale snobbery but DAMN was it ridiculous here. I give the place 3 stars because once at the table the service was really good and the place is very nice.
5	People love feeling elite.  Starwood Preferred Guest is the first program where I've actually obtained elite status, and the W Scottsdale was the first place I've ever felt like I was treated special as a result.  Upon check-in, the W staffer behind the desk was unable to get the computer to upgrade my room, so he graciously offered to send up a beer for my troubles.  This sounded good to me.  Little did I know, he sent up a bucket of Fat Tires and a bowl of delicious jalapeno popcorn for my troubles.  Awesome!The room was fantastic.  Like all W's, the room was trendy and stylish with beautiful furnishings.  The shower was spacious and bright, and I enjoyed the glassed in toilet room as it really made me feel like a king on his throne.  The hotel is located in the heart of downtown Scottsdale, and for people that like the putrid Giants, their spring training stadium is a 5 minute walk away.  For me, this hotel was 5 minutes from a decent restaurant to meet my niece for dinner.  It also was nearby plenty of friendly streets for running.  All in all, for the price, you can't go wrong with the Scottsdale.  Now, if only it was closer to the Padres spring training home in Peoria!
2	I have mixed feeling about the W Scottsdale. During the day the pool area is poorly run, but in the evenings the pool turns into a pretty fun nightlife spot.  Daytime:The pool is always jam packed with a fairly disgusting crowd and the dudes out number the babes by a 3 to 1 count I'd say. That's no fun. Oh, and by dudes, I mean douche bags. And Babes? More like gross skanks covered in makeup at the pool. Ok, I guess I'm being a hater, but spend a few hours here and you might be kind of disgusted with the scene too. It's just really amateur hour here with the piss poor service and their bad attitudes and obnoxious patrons. The only reason I came was because a friend likes to stay at the W when visiting and he too noted the quality of this place has declined over the years. He has stayed at four different W locations (NY, South Beach, Westwood) and said this one is the "worst and trashiest". It took an hour before any waitress came over to ask if we wanted any drinks or food. When started to get service it was always a long wait for our pitcher of margaritas or buckets of beer and food. Speaking of the food, the fries, fish tacos and club sandwich are all great. The grilled cheese, not so much. The first $42 pitcher of margaritas was weak, hardly tasting any alcohol. The second pitcher was stronger. To be fair, the Saturday service was much better.Nighttime:Much improved scene, but still not great. There are a lot of out-of-towners since it is a hotel, but still plenty of locals too. I think it's a good mixture. Pants and collared shirts are required, so that usually gets rid of most of the tank top, neck tat wannabes from earlier in the day at the pool.  But really, you are just trading one group of wannabes for another. Man, I'm a hater huh? Oh well, you can handle it. Drinks are overpriced, but this is the W. Be ready to spend lots o' cash.Rooms:I've been in a few rooms at this hotel. Each have been nice and clean, but pretty small.
5	Love these guys.  Period.
3	Very nice place, great location for sure. Walking distances from all the life of Scottsdale. Definitely a place to be seen. Couldn't  tell who was checking themselves out more, the dudes or the chicks. The pool had so much silicon floating in it, the water was toxic. Definitely Scottsdale $35,000 millionaire club hangout.
4	Very cool atmosphere. Love the lobby and rooms. I also love the bath products they give you. Bar is okay, no real designated dance floor. Sushi Roku is good, but very expensive
5	Gorgeous place, great location.  I generally ignore protruding plastic, as a safety precaution, but I don't come here for swimming anyway. Although, the pool is just beautiful when no one is in it :) I've come for sushi, yoga, happy hour drinks and appetizers, and after hours, and every time I have felt it was a 5 star experience. From the bartenders, to cocktail servers, hostesses, and security, everyone was definitely screened well by their employer. Great manners, friendly smiles, prompt, professional service. I look forward to returning soon.
4	When I first entered the W Scottsdale I braced myself for the cheesy club music that I've developed a love-hate relationship with at my home away from home, the W in San Francisco. Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately), I wasn't greeted with such music at the W Scottsdale. I was greeted with friendly ladies at the front desk, a spacious room and of course lovely bliss products.  During my 48 hours in Scottsdale I didn't spend very much time outside my hotel room, although I did get a few glimpses of the pool. Once while working out in the adequate gym and another time while ordering some grub at the pool bar. While I didn't get to experience the pool "scene" myself this is obviously the place to be.I've stayed a few other hotels in Scottsdale (Firesky, Valley Ho and my favorite Montelucia). The W suits me well when it comes to work purposes since my office is located in the building behind the W. People may not walk in Scottsdale, but it's so close that it would be pathetic to drive. Looks like this W may end up becoming my home away from home while in Scottsdale.
3	Nice room, gorgeous view from the balcony, but never asked by an employee if I needed assistance while inside of the hotel...  Greeted at the door every time, and concierge said hello from their desk without me saying hello first.
5	I could not be happier with my stay here. They really did go above and beyond to make our stay for a bachelorette party memorable, they even sent a bottle of complimentary champagne to our room :)We had a cabana at the pool during the day which we really enjoyed. We got moved around a few times and everyone working seemed a little bit confused but once we got settled it- it was awesome!We went back to the bar by the pool before going out for the night and we were served by Bethanie. She was the best!I would definitely recommend this as a place to stay and i will be staying here again!
4	Came here for a bachelor party bonanza and had a ridiculously good time. The E-Wow suite is amazing; the perfect party room with the patio overlooking the pool. The pool party on Saturday is unreal. Beautiful layout and great scene with DJ spinning through the whole afternoon. The bottles session continues through the evening as they turn the pool area into an outdoor club. Who knew Arizona could host such a party? Only downside is the bottles are locked and you can not pour yourself a drink. It blows but it also helps keep you in the game.
4	Very trendy and friendly environment. Love the Suites as well as the pool on the 2nd Floor. I'll definitely continue to patronize this property.
4	In a word, chic. W isn't your typical hotel, you are greeted by contemporary architecture, art, and furniture. The excitement continues with the ride up in the elevator complete with the very colorful experience of the active lighting elevator. The rooms are reminiscent of a model you would see at Ikea. After getting settle in our room my wife and I went down for a drink at the bar which is well stocked with a decent selection of top shelf liquors the drinks are in my opinion a bit over priced but good none the less. They have a 24 hour pool on the roof and they night my wife and I arrived Macy Gray was performing followed by live DJ's on the deck I'd imagine the loud music would have made it difficult for people on the second floor to get a decent nights sleep. if you're in scottsdale and looking for a hotel with a modern club atmosphere that would almost make you think you are in vegas stay at the W.
4	Oh le W le W... never do you disappoint. This AZ location was very well set up from top to bottom. The rooms had a very neat view of downtown Scottsdale (including the ever-so-W-erotic-set-up) HA! it makes for a fun trip when your buddies are mixed in a suite with frosted glass set ups..heed caution ;) The pool parties at Wet were pretty poppin'. As usual, with cabanas, expect to pay for some type of minimum $200-$300. But if you ask the brosephs with the white polos, they can usually bring out an extra layout chair for you (tip you fellow patrons). DJ was pretty cool too, the usual electro modern scene.Will come back to visit in the future. Only odd part was that you can't bring purchased 'adult beverages' from let's say..circle K.. into your room... :( something about AZ law...lame arizona..
3	Small rooms, but well appointed. Not worth the price in my opinion, but still nice regardless. Great place to go for a couple days but if you need to stay longer than a few I would recommend somewhere else.
4	Chic. Modern. Friendly & Helpful staff. But I don't like how they float the beds in the middle of the room, and their gym doesn't have enough cardio machines.
3	Never been a huge fan of this chain it is too trendy it's not that comfortable and the bars/clubs always make a mess of the public areas.  It's like staying at the Cosmo kinda of my least favorite hotel in Vegas.  I don't make the decisions though and we stayed with whom I was with thought was best.  It was close walking distance kinda of to things.  Weird weather so stayed completely in hotel second night.  Ate at hotel restaurant.  It was okay. Public areas at least in the morning are a mess.  Woke up early and used the hotel lobby restroom to go Number 2 out of courtesy and safety to the other in my room.  Disgusting.  Went to front desk inquiring if there was another bathroom.  I probably looked homeless and she asked if I was staying there.  Then asked if my room was okay implying why I needed to use a public restroom.  I was grouchy and holding it in so much that I was duck walking.  I told her my lover was rough and my backside may bleed all over the bathroom. She took this seriously and directed me to another spot.  No humor.  Too trendy.  Messy public spots.
4	Very nice hotel that puts an emphasis on customer service.  The staff was very friendly, helpful and went out of their way to make you feel at home.  The fitness room had a lot of equipment and wasn't crowded in the evening so it made it easy to work-out.  Would definitely stay here again.
4	This place has it all...rooms, pool, more rooms and a lobby.. I really enjoyed myself at this hotel.  If you happen to frequent the hotel bar I would order their chicken fingers because they're to die for!  I've never tasted fresher chicken fingers in my life.  I think they might have fresh live chickens in the back or something.  The ph balance and chlorine ratio at the pool is up to par with similar hotels.....believe me, I tested it.   They have the best shampoo I have ever put on my head. I'm guilty of taking 2 extra mini bottles, but I guess I live life on the edge.  Everybody near the pool area is into this trend of hitting each other in the back and chest with belts.  Not my cup of tea but I understand the skill associated with such. The only bad part about this hotel is that there's no laser tag arenas nearby.  Myself being on the laser tag amateur circuit (NAOALT), it makes it difficult to find a licensed laser tag arena near the hotel.  Overall I had a great experience.
5	I threw my friends bachelorette party here this Sat and had an amazing time! Though this place is very fancy and classy they are super laid back with the partying and drinking. Makes for a perfect mix! We went all out and got a table with bottle service and two rooms to stay in. They gave us a bottle of champagne for free and brought it up to the room for us to toast which was cool. We had 18 girls in two rooms and we didn't get one complaint! We stayed at shade, the club upstairs by the pool, until 2am and then changed into our swimsuits to go for a dip in the pool. I love how the pool never closes so you can drink all night long! Shade also plays great music which we loved. Good mix of different stuff so everyone was happy.I did have a little bit of issues with the woman who booked our table. Her name was Haley. She was not very responsive and didn't return my calls, emails or texts. I wanted to decorate our table but wasn't sure what was allowed and she never answered my questions. But the night of the party I mentioned this to the manager and she brought us a free bottle of champagne and sincerely apologized for the trouble. This was enough of a redemption for us. It couldn't have went better! Thank you W for an awesome and memorable night!!
4	Services was hard to find in the lobby at first by then she was very helpful.
1	And empty club (determined by friend that was already there when we showed up), and empty line, and I need to buy bottle service to get in?  No thanks.  This place is awful.
2	Well what can i say, if you like a club atmosphere and girls have naked walking around at night  this is your type of place.  It felt to me like this hotel was trying to be a hotel that you would find in vegas.  the rooms are overpriced, there is no storage in them and they give you like 5 hangers total.  The water here is awful so dont drink it.  The pool area is nice, and the room service is very quick.  So those aspects of this hotel are nice.  I am not sure i would spend 300 buks to stay here though again.  I am not really into the party scene but if you are this might be your kind of place.  Id rather be at a pub bar or sports bar personally but to each their own!
1	I attended the Betsey Johnson fashion show on 9/30/11, spent $500.00 for a crummy cabana table, and got incredibly bad service...a huge disappointment.  Details will be included in a follow-up review.
5	Excellent hotel choice for the discriminating Scottsdale traveller.  It had a very hip vibe in the lobby, somehow managing to pull off laid back and classy at the same time.My room was the basic King -- and I can tell you, not much was basic about it.  From a bed that sat in the middle of the room as the center piece, with sliding wall panels to block the bathroom / shower area off.  The design was trendy to the say the least!I scored a great view of the pool and some mountains in the distance.  I would not recommend it for travellers who don't enjoy a "Vegas" style hotel with an almost club atmosphere on the weekends.  As long as you know that when you go, you'll be very, very happy!
5	While I'm a Starwood regular, this is the first time I stay at a W. And I must say, I was sold on the spot.You'll truly appreciate the chicness of the W brand when you glance around and notice the glaring modern decoration, ambient neon lighting, and overpowering shapes and colors that truly take you to a "modern luxe" lifestyle. Somehow, this brand was able to encapsulate the ideal lifestyle I want for myself. The rooms are quite different from the regular hotel layout. Everything is open and the bed is the centerpiece of the room. No corridors, no inner doors, nothing. You'll step from your bed onto the bathroom "area", which is a flowing open space. Personally, I think every room should be laid out like this.I didn't have time to peruse all of the hotel's facilities, but the lobby+bar is where you want to hang out, as well as the upper patio by the pool, "Wet" I believe it's called. Great vibe, great drinks, great people. The gym, however, was cramped and left much to be desired, even for a hotel. Negative points for that.Distinguishing factor: hip parties on the weekends that really define the hotel, and make the W brand come alive. They also  had a "fake" ice skating rink on the patio.
4	I'm a long time W fan... and don't mind the chic-hip-AmazzeBalls Vibe this, and other W's, drip in.Checking into W Scottsdale was seamlessly and sincerely appreciated.  To be greeted by aBFaB twins of Ms. Brigitte & Ms. Heidi made me a happy camper.  These ladies attitude and sense of customer service not only left a fantastic impression on me, but made me love W Scottsdale a bit more than other local "hip" hotels.Will I return?  Yep.... I woooot.
4	Never stayed, but indulged with friends on their rooftop for cocktails and snacks. Great service, excellent mixed drinks, and a lovely view of the pool. A New York way to relax with an AZ sunset.
4	I have been to the W Scottsdale, but never stayed here, since I live in Scottsdale. My gf came in and got a suite, so I stayed with her. The W is a great place and they will accommodate you for whatever you want. I heard someone complaining about hangers. Yes they had like 5 there and we laughed... but we called down and asked for TWENTY (20) and they brought them right up haha it was great. We needed an extension cord, they brought it up. They were not up to the iphone 5 yet, so my girlfriend was frustrated they were iphone4 only friendly.  They did have Bose surround system and iphone4 pod stations in a few areas of the hotel. The suite we had did not come with a bath, which was disappointing, you had to upgrade to a bath suite..weird I thought. The suite was on the same floor as the pool and gym, which was nice. We could walk out our door and go to the pool, which was covered with a fake ice rink. We had access to the Phoenician to swim, if we wanted...BUT who wants to go over to another pool. I would not have used the pool, because it was too cold, however she did want to use it. (This was about a month ago we stayed) The staff was ever so friendly and always there to help. I would stay there again. They come in, in the evening and turn down your lights, pull your throw pillows off the bed. They adjust your room for bedtime. It is very comforting and try and make it more like home. I love that. I would highly recommend the W and would stay there anytime. Oh and the water is bad everywhere...unfortunately that is AZ. for you. hahaThe W in Hollywood is great as well, stayed there over the summer. Will write a review later, since VERY behind on reviews.Thank you W for making it a great stay!
2	Booked the spa suite, cool room but stupid layout. Why you would put the bed right at the door makes no sense to me. We were there for a private party and I must say the poor guy that picked up the tab got robbed because the food was very subpar considering the reputation of the hotel. My girlfriend even got reprimanded for bringing our own wine to the room....REALLY?We attempted a second try with room service later that night and that was even worse, so shame on me for even trying. Was not impressed with the staff and not a fan of a $30 overnight valet fee.All in all I'd say been there, done that and won't do it again
1	My wife an I travel often. We choose carefully where we stay. We have no kids and we like night life. The chances we stay at the W Scottsdale again is less than 10%. I feel that the W Scottsdale is not suited for a couple that is having an extended stay,(more than a weekend). That being said the valet staff and the original woman that checked us in are great!Let me explain;Upon check in we were pleased that we were upgraded to a corner suite (because we were staying 6 nights), at the same time we were informed that it was over the pool area and it might be loud. My wife and I planned on hanging out there anyway so it was a non issue. Upon returning from a late dinner that night with another couple we did go to the pool bar. Our friends that lived there locally were shocked that he place was near empty. Still the music was going so we chose to stay. Within 20 minutes the DJ changed the music from progressive house to Taylor Dane pandering to the only other people there besides us. Kinda lame, but whatever we just left and went to our room. 1AM, my wife put her iPhone in the dock and the four of us were talking and laughing for the next 20 minutes. The reason I know this, the music ended at the pool at 1:15 and security was at our door at 1:25. Great first night!As long as the W Scottsdale is making noise until 2:PM everything is good, but if their party is not making money everybody has to be quiet.Now I believe everybody was given the warning that the pool area was loud, so each of our neibors were told as we were, but we made no issue of it and complied. Instead the next day I asked a woman at the front counter if there was a room away from other guests that we wouldn't be bothering anybody, thinking we might since we had 5 more nights. She looked at me like I was from another planet, as if she couldn't look in the computer to see how; (not close to) full the hotel was! Once again not a great experience. We would have gladly had our original room. it seemed that we were herded with other guests like cattle so the staff had it easier. Problems with the room:Every flat space is covered with stuff to purchase. We had to move everything to the floor losing the sq footage that is promoted online when booking. Burnt out light in bathroom. The lighting in the bathroom is so poor anyway! Does anybody from your corporate office understand that women put makeup on and generally get ready in the bathroom? Two drawers, limited counter space, but plenty of wasted floor space. A moderate redesign with a makeup mirror would help us guys out greatly.We couldn't use the in room safe; the battery was low and didn't feel like waiting on the staff to figure out how to change it out.The curtains don't close all the way, but that doesn't matter because, you can't sleep in anyway  for the shower window has no shade at all, and you might as well have a sunlamps in the room!No hooks for robes or places to hang towels after use for re-use.  Not very "green" by today's standards.We called multiple days to have a rug returned, a robe returned because the staff didn't supply the room with all that is standard. Exactly what a guest wants to do past 11:PM....waiting on a staff member to come up to your room. But use anything from the mini bar and/ or liquor and it is restocked daily!I needed to use the in room computer, which wifi cost is a premium at your Hotel, but the batteries in the mouse were corroded. I dropped the mouse off at the front counter on our way to dinner....never to see it again. Another passive money stream unusable for your hotel.We also had another issue. We checked in using a AAA promotion that included drink tickets. We were given 2 each upon check in, not thinking anything of it. Our friends that live in Scottsdale visited us and stayed only one night received 2 also using the same promotion. The next evening we asked a person at the front desk about this and they suggested that we contact the manager for the drink tickets as they are handed out liberally! (I guess that is unless you book online and stay for 6 nights). I looked at him and suggested that he wrote a note to the manager and had them contact us...... never happened.I believe that the promotion for drink tickets is to help keep guests at the hotel so the chance to spend their money, is spent internally. Much like Vegas. All of the above items could have been easily remedied but would have taken time out of our vacation that we would never get back. So I chose to deal with it the way I chose to. The number 1 thing for me is for us to have a great time but certainly make my wife's time off work memorable....not for the shortcomings of a bad hotel stay.Wow we were just two guests for one week.Whatever Whenever except when you stay at W Scottsdale!
4	NYE party was very well done. Plus we got invited to a VIP table, drank Parton Ultimate through the evening and Dom at midnight so I can't complain!
2	Maybe I just don't get the W. That's possible. But I've stayed in W's in Chicago, Boston and Dallas, and I felt like those were all better than this one. Problems - the outside of this hotel and the inside are just opposites. Why doesn't the inside of this W reflect where it is located at all? I stayed in a king room, which was literally a perfectly square, 250 sqft studio apartment. I live in New York. I understand studio apartments. When you go to a place that has square footage to spare, you expect the hotel to reflect that. Also, this place is in the middle of sunny, tan Arizona, but the interior is dark as night all day long!! If they didn't bring out those mats that say what time of day it is, I have no idea how you would know the difference from inside. I guess what I'm saying is that the W is a sleek, trendy, big city feeling hotel, and that just doesn't fit in in Scottsdale, even if it is "downtown" Scottsdale. Also, my room looks out onto construction and the window corner of someone else's room. Not sleek, not sexy.
4	Stayed here for 5 days. The hotel features are good, however layout and size of the rooms does not seem aligned with pricing. Food quality is ok but surely not amazing. Friday/Saturday eve are a pleasure for your eyes as the rich and famous come to this place to party, looking at their best. That made the stay most memorable.
2	Came here tonight to The Living Room and ordered an Irish Coffee. Gal behind the bar seemed unsure...had to go get some other guy to go in the back to get the coffee. Okay, whatever, but that took 5 minutes, she presents me with a to-go coffee cup, takes off the lid and proceeds to pour less than half a shot of Bailey's in it..."there you go". Really? An Irish Coffee, my dear, is Bailey's, Whiskey, and coffee. What she brought me was hours-old coffee with no discernible Bailey's at all. I tell her what's in an Irish Coffee. "Oh, I put some Bailey's in it." "Could you throw a shot of Jameson's in that for me, please? And, I've never seen it served this way before." "Oh, how do you get it." "Usually in a glass mug. I'd like that for here." That took another few minutes while coffee guy searched for a mug. Sheesh! She was nice, but...really? I was just surprised, as that is an all-too-common drink. $10. 2 points for bartendership. I like the chillax atmosphere, though.
5	I really enjoyed my stay here! The rooms are modern and clean.  They had an awesome sounding Iphone/Ipod/Ipad stereo player.  It was loud for its size.  The pool that dubs as an ice rink is very entertaining.  Bar, restaurant, and spa are all fancy.  Location, location, location...next to the clubs, bars, and huge outdoor shopping mall.  Hope to come back soon!
3	The W is a nice place the rooms are small, but both bar locations are a lot fun. it has a very trendy vibe. It's located near Old Town Scottsdale and a huge mall. I enjoyed my stay here, but my credit card information some how got stolen from this place right after I checked in and gave the front desk my credit card for incidentals. All the fraudulent charges were made at the W within hours of me checking in I received a call from my Bank asking about the charges. I did notify the supervisor on duty (he was really nice) and of course there is just no way any one could have my received credit card information from them.  But needless to say someone did get my information. so please if this happens to you let management know.
1	This hotel tries really hard to be like other W Hotels in the chain, but fails miserably. My friend and coworker from Italy's iPhone was stolen by the housekeeping staff. When we confronted Management about it, they completely blew us off and were very dismissive. We were all in town for a worldwide conference and my friend realized when we arrived at the venue that he had left his iPhone behind. We used find my iPhone and saw it was still in his hotel room. We contacted the hotel and they said they would send it over to us. A few hours later they called to let me know his phone was not in the room. We checked find my iPhone again to see the iPhone had been turned off (it was plugged in while in the room so the battery was not dead). Do not leave anything of value in the room. It's very sad a hotel which charges these rates hire criminals and don't take responsibility.
4	Count on an urban adventure here.  It begins on arrival by pulling in under a covered entry which on closer examination, is the undercarriage of the pool on the level above. Complete with  portholes in the pool bottom that give a glimpse of swimmers to any stalkers who might linger as they are leaving a car below.All parking is by valet. They are quick and reponsive  - especially for a guest calling from the room to have a car ready at curbside.The lobby is a properly yet dimly lit cave of modern furnishings dominated by tables made of polished stone in their natural shapes.  A small boutique is here without sundries.  Unless you think that party dresses, pool jewelry, and men's swim trunks are usual hotel gift shop fare.  Don't expect razors or postcards or chotchky gifts.  Wall Street Journal, NY Times and the local papers are available gratis each morning for guests. Rooms have an Asian influence with glass rather than rice paper shoji panels with backlights across the closet as well as the commode room.  "W" leads the industry with other luxury properties for using washable duvets instead of scarily unhealthful bedspreads. For energy efficiency and ambiance, windows will actually open.  But when they do, the air conditioning automatically shuts off.We had a snafu in the small cell called a business center when we tried to use the Net to upload from an SD - the Net vendor charged three times instead of once and then froze access.  Once again, W management personally intervened to call the vendor for a chargeback and a promise of full session service.  Maid and room service were top of the line. After a misunderstanding, the manager sent two glasses,a bottle of wine, and two cookies to the room as apology.Bright green apples and fruit infused ice water are offered every day at the check-in desk.  Staff is professional and cheerful  A great experience.
2	We had such a good experience in San Francisco W hotel, we were very excited to stay at Scottsdale W Hotel! Well, the experience couldn't be more different. Scottsdale W Hotel was girls gone wild! We could not go to the pool at all, because there was a "pool party" full of 'Snookies' and douche bags. The staff gave suggestions to restaurants and places to visit, all were horrible. We learned quickly that the staff wasn't knowledgeable; they were too young and uncultured. Our room was incredible small, and did not have the Zen feel that SF did... We were disappointed.
3	This review is for the Bar/Club/Yoga only. . .I have not stayed over night at this W.  A see and be seen place.  Very Scottsdale---if you are from the area, you know what I mean.  I have not stayed at the hotel but it looks beautiful.  The bar scene is very . . .yuppy for lack of a better word.  The pool is nice.  I love that Lululemon offers free Yoga classes at the pool weekly.  I only go to the W for the yoga.  The bars/clubs are not for me.
1	This place is the epitome of douche-bag Scottsdale.  Pulled up to the $8 valet (tip not included) since there wasn't anywhere to park.  There was a group of ten of us and there was NO LINE, yet the meat-head bouncer told us we were going to have to sit and wait.  Our friend slipped him $40 and he decided he'd let us in.  As soon as you get inside there is yet another bouncer at the bottom of the stairway that plans to keep you waiting as well....there goes another unnecessary tip to bouncer.  The best part of it all was once we got to the roof deck it was virtually empty.   The DJ was downright terrible and kept playing early 90's music.  Anytime a decent song would come on and people would start to dance, he'd quickly change it to another terrible tune.  Drinks are $10 and up and there is NOWHERE to sit unless you are paying for bottle service.Bottom line is that this hotel treats it's patrons like crap.  This place is trying to be a mini Vegas and it's not working.  I was happy when we left.
5	I try not to make every review 5 star and maybe it was just a great weekend when I went but I felt the location and amenities were awesome. Really if you are heading to Scottsdale for the weekend and want a lively place to use a jump off there isnt a second choice to the W. I am excited to go back soon when the heat lets up! Awesome stay and really good service. I think there are better W hotels but if you are in Scottsdale this is really one of the best places to stay without a doubt.
2	There is the saying that "you get what you pay for" and that saying does not apply to the W Scottsdale.The staff is always helpful and inviting to a point.  When I have stayed there I have had wonderful help with demagnetized keys, special requests and help moving rooms.  At one point the ice machine on our floor was broken and they sent a bellman up to our room with a bucket of ice upon request.  This was great service until the 3rd time we called and they questioned why we kept asking for ice delivery when we had a unit on our floor.  Ummmm maybe because it was broken but the front desk made us feel like we were lazy people for not getting ice ourselves.My biggest gripe is the way they treat their guests.  I have been a regular room guest and a $2k a night suite guest and was treated the same way as a person off the street in their bar.  First of all, if you over night park with the hotel you WILL be charged $30 per car.  I get that this is normal albeit gouging price  for a resort but if I have rented out a $$$ suite, I expect a few concessions.  Another problem was that when I called down to the front desk to reserve a chair by the pool I was told that "they don't keep track of that and I just need to go down to the pool to see what is available."   I went down to the pool and watched the bouncer allow 4 locals to pay $10 to get into the pool while I waited to be noticed.  Once into the pool area I asked about a deck chair and was told they were 1st come 1st serve (great the $10 Douchebags were allowed a chair at the same rate I was as a paying guest) but they were happy to sell me a day bed for $200 or bottle service for $500.  At the time I was staying in the Mega Suite and couldn't even get a chair by the pool.  After raising a fuss (which I hate to do but our suite was $1300 a night and I can't even get a GD deck chair by the pool) and they suggested a small fold out chair on the grass.  Come. Freaking. On.Don't even get me started on the fact that the elevator won't move unless you swipe your key.  I know I know its to keep non-guests from wandering the halls but if you forget your key on a quick trip to your car you are screwed.  Bottom line, spend $$$$ to be treated like you spent $$.
4	I am a fan of the W chain and their urban chic environments.  I like the fact that each of their properties have a unique vibe and not boring clones.  This particular location is very contemporary, filled with beautiful (if perhaps a little snooty) party people and centrally located in hoity-toity Scottsdale.  Architecturally, it's not my favorite location of the chain, but the staff was very helpful, especially the front desk gal, Shannon and our bellman, Nick was the best I've experienced anywhere with his cool vibe and helpful tips.   Shannon upgraded me once she saw my Starwood status and I was delighted with my fabulous room with a balcony.The room was good size, and decorated with various Asian influences.  The second floor pool is also a day club for locals with the deck chairs being reserved for hotel guests. I had an opportunity to party poolside after dinner during my stay and it was fun drinking there with the crowd and closing the place down.  Drinks were expensive but commensurate to the level & location of the property.  The DJ, however was shockingly mediocre! The song selections were pop oriented top 40 from the 80s, 90s, 00s and current hits-- all very mainstream.  I would've expected more EDM and cutting edge Electronica, but whatever, that's not why I think he was terrible, his segues were awkward with mismatched beats and he didn't observe the crowd to inspire movement on the dance floor.  The club closes at 2 am and while the pool stays open for swimming 24 hrs for hotel guests, the bouncers kick you out if you're not wearing a swimsuit when the music stops.  Most of the bouncers were cool about it, but there's always at least one asshole in the bunch as was the case here. This was perhaps the loudest, party oriented hotel I've ever stayed out, with boisterous revelers going strong until 5 am. Not that there's anything wrong with that on a Saturday night. I mean, I was up, after all.
5	Stayed here last weekend in June for Girls trip getaway from LA and WE LOVED IT.....Yes, I am a huge fan of W chain and this was my first visit to the Scottsdale W. So far I never had bad experience staying at ANY W chains. Keep up the good work :-)First and most such a great service from the minute we stepped into the lobby until we checked out. We asked for room away from the pool since we knew it could get loud and they offered us a corner quiet room. Room was gorgeous and super clean. Yes this hotel gets lots of Weekend party crowd such as us :-)....We chilled by the pool all day listening to great music by in house DJ while great servers attending to everyone's need. It does get pack on weekends but the crowd didn't bother me at all.   I also loved the location....it is located less than 2 blocks from the Mall and many great restaurants and bars near river front. It is also located directly next to many clubs and lounges makes it easy to go out without having to worry about driving or taxi service. We are already planning another trip back to this amazing hotel.
1	They will never get my money near there.   They treat people like we are living on 1948 times.   I was dressed to impress had American Express and still they would not let us up to the pool area.  (we were minority soon to be change)   I never had experienced anything like it anywhere in my life.   So Never ((((((((THe Famous W Hotel)    They do not want my money , I will not give them my money.
4	Spent a fun evening hanging out in The Living Room enjoying some Ole' American Mules before heading upstairs to check out the rooftop bar.  Loved the laid back lounge.  Upstairs was a lot of fun too-great dj and fun crowd.  Will go back when it's not 150 degrees outside!
3	Great place to hang out especially on the weekends, but sometimes it's very hard to get into if you don't either live/stay there or have a table reserved.  Have fun waiting in line if neither of those applies to you.
4	GREAT GREAT place for bachelor/bachelorette parties/girl/guy weekends away.  If you have a family or want a relaxing pool side hotel this is not for you.GREAT pool parties, great food (loved sushi roku), and very pleasant friendly staff.  Totally affordable for what you get.  They even have Acura concierge service to drive you to and from local spots.  Great location, most within walking distance to bars/clubs.ONLY reason i'm not giving five stars, is the room was slightly small for sharing with three other girls.. but very clean and nice.
4	The W is definitely one of the more 'hip' hotels in Old Town, if you are looking for a more lively vibe, as opposed to relaxing, this is probably where you should stay.  I have to say all staff I have ever encountered here from the valet guys, to the bartenders, servers etc have always been outstanding.  The rooms are nice and modern and they serve their customers needs around the clock.  It is within walking distance to Old Town nightlife and shopping at the boutiques, galleries and Scottsdale Fashion Square mall.  I am a big fan of Sushi Roku, the restaurant attached to the W. I have always had great service, food and cocktails there.  With this prime location you are also within a rock throw of many other fine dining establishments, cute local cafes and bars.  The pool parties in the summer are rocking with DJs spinning tunes, and Scottsdale's finest (or as some call them Snotsdale's finest) prancing around 95% naked, and possibly 10% filled with plastic.  At night this same pool area transforms itself into an energized nightlife spot.  My last visit to the W I stopped in on a random Sunday evening to grab a cocktail with a friend and I was impressed.  There were a quite a few patrons enjoying their Sunday Fundays and the bartender made sure to keep the vibe going.  It was some of the best people watching I have done in a while... The lobby bar had cool lounge music vibing in the background.  There were some hotel patrons with some escort-ish looking guests, which entertained us while time with our cocktails passed.  I end up here on rather impromptu occassions, but every time has never been a disappointment.
3	Stopped in for a cocktail yesterday... Bring cash and more cash...Don't get me wrong, lots of people watching, great set up.Its hard to justify 15 bucks for a drink in a plastic cup.The guy checking the ids was nice, not a jerk.Overall, good set up... Pricey....
3	I enjoy coming here for a couple of drinks.  The best time for me is right before it starts to get really busy at night.  They have some good drink specials and the bartenders are pretty friendly before they get really busy.  Usually, this type of Scottsdale is not really my scene, but it's great for people watching.  It's always fun guessing who the $30,000/year millionaires are out there...Nothing wrong with 30,000, but pretending you are way more than that for a Scottsdale girl is quite funny.    I've been here a couple of times during the day and was not impressed.  The service was extremely slow and the drinks were weak.  It was nice to hang by the pool and people watch, but I would have rather hung out at my own pool and make my own drinks that would have a decent amount of alcohol in them for a fraction of the price.  Plus, I don't have to worry about foundation or fake eyelashes in the pool!
1	I have just returned from the W Hotel in Scottsdale.  The hotel is beautiful however after the first night I awoke to a horribly swollen face which first appeared as a bug bite.  Went to a pharmacy for meds.  After the second night I awoke to a blistered face and called for the hotel doctor.  The doctor has told me that it is a contact reaction to something on the linens or pillow. He prescribed many meds, some unnecessary just to be on the safe side.  I was in Scottsdale to attend a wedding which of course was impossible to do.  The hotel provided another room for the last night as I was unable to leave in the condition I was in.  I have traveled all over the world, even to third world countries and have never had a problem with linens, etc.  I am not an allergic person or sensitive to new products, etc.  The hotel is willing to pick up my in room dining charges of $52.00 and takes no further responsibility.  They have checked for bed bugs!!!!
1	As a Platinum Member and a SPG loyalist, I have to say this hotel is terrible. Suite rooms are not suites, no drawer space in rooms, pool open to public, pool staff rude and not attentive, loud music at pool. I will never come back.
3	Time for a review update.  Ever since Maya opened up, we haven't come to the W as much anymore because it's kind of lost it's luster.  It used to be a happening spot, but most of the crowd has moved on to the newer spots opened in Old Town.A few friends decided to have a bachelor party here and ended up spending thousands of dollars over a weekend.  At the end of the weekend, we all determined that we could've went to Vegas and got much more for the dollars than we did here.  Room rates for the group averaged over $250 and drinks, food, and cabana rental pushed it up even higher.  In Vegas, we have hookups that could've easily got us all that for much less.Hopefully one day it returns to what it once was.Return Factor - 50%
4	Went to an EO event over at the W on Tuesday.  Its the third event they have done at his hotel that I have attended.They always do a great job of taking care of us and the food is always top notch.They have a really great patio upstairs by the pool with a bar and meeting room as well as the normal event rooms you would expect from a hotel.  Good place for a day event/meeting presentation.
1	Worst customer service ever the guy who parked my call told me to F off after almost running me over
2	This should be called the porn hotel.  Several of us were staying here for business.  We came to the conclusion over lunch that this is less than desirable for a business traveller hotel, unless you are a porn producer.First the entire hotel is dark!  Have they heard of 100 watt bulbs!   This is where ugly people go to screw.  The rooms have the bed in the middle of the room.  This can be off putting to a business traveller.  But it allows for dramatic 360 degree views of the action.  Did I mention that the room was dark!!! Is makes it a challenge finding the bathroom in this goofy studio floor plan.  The closet is also hidden for those pornos that want to have the rapist waiting in the closet motif.Did I mention the music.  It is everywhere and loud!  It makes it difficult to have a conversation.  Oh yeah and it sounds like a porn soundtrack.There are a few suggestions for improvement:  1.  All of the bell men should get 70s porn staches2.  They need the bell men to wear dress shirts unbuttoned to the navel over day old wife beaters.
2	We were visiting my parents from Manhattan and decided to spend NYE here. It was sorely disappointing, the "Night in Bangkok" theme was half-assed (from someone who has actually been to and trained in Thailand), and the bartenders were slow and unskilled. The bouncers here had an attitude about them that was laughable. These guys need to realize that they're in AZ not Manhattan. Overall it was a very lackluster night. Apparently this is the best AZ has to offer. Oh well.
5	Checked another W-Hotel off my list, they keep building them faster than I can stay! This one is the bomb. Incredible vibe. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to enjoy the weekend adult libations and fun by the pool bar. In and out 1 day. The place looked amazing. Service was great, got upgraded to a fabulous room. Breakfast in a Sushi restaurant was a bit strange but good. A must stop on a trip to Scottsdale.
4	Awesome ambiance throughout!  Love the bar area and the pool.  Great sushi place there.  Great location!  One of the coolest W hotels in US.
2	Definitely for a younger crowd, loud rooms , uncomfortable beds, poor dated decorating , holes around plugs in the drywall , worn out drapes that didn't close properly and depending where you are located gets noisier closer to the street, pool or bars.Younger staff also lacking customer service skills.  The only plus it has is the location in Scottsdale and the reason I booked there , really close walking to Camelback and tons of shops, they call this the entertainment district now and there is tons of nightclubs and sports bars all close. Very pricey and really just ok quality for room service food.Spa massage was extremely disappointing the masseuse was also very young and seemed to have very little experience, 160.00 for an hour and deep massage it was not.I would not return to this hotel.
1	Huge dissatisfaction all around. My BF and I were in town for an overnight adventure. Paid a lot to stay in a room that was really small, horribly set up and never had a turn down or room clean in the morning. Crappy. Another thing, if you are staying in their basic rooms with an upgrade to something on the second floor , please be advised that the bathroom is literally 5 feet from the bed with a small screen door to close or guard you when you are using the restroom area. If this sounds weird, that's because it was. Not good for a couple. I don't want the toilet literally next to everything else, just blocked by see through glass. No muffle for sound or anything. Also , you step out of the shower with no space to dry off. Small area all around. Uncomfortable and gross. Went to the pool, no one there walking around to get a drink order. Lame. No towel area for towels for laying or drying off. We will not be back. 300+ a night, and it was a waste.
5	5 Stars for the Pool Area, best spot in the area! Must check out if you're a tourist and spend a day relaxing.
5	Best Hotel in Scottsdale!My office always put me here when I travel and they have always treated me well.  The rooms are huge and very clean. Everything I could ask for to get my job done is always within reach.  The rooftop area is also a nightlife party spot with a pool.  It's actually a drinking pool because it's no more than 3 feet deep. So you can enjoy the cool water and have a drink without worrying about spilling or people diving. The restaurant on the first floor has great service and food.Definitely one of my favorite places to stay!
5	Holy. Wonderful. Experience. I am a meeting planner based out of Texas and I travel all over the world hosting meetings and events. Being from Scottsdale, I was thrilled to have a reason to return home. In Jan 2014 I hosted a 3-day training meeting at the W Scottsdale and experienced some of the **hands down, best service - EVER**!!The meeting space was exactly what we needed - set perfectly and the guests rooms were a hit. We did a "Welcome Reception" on the 2nd floor pool deck - amazing experience. The food was delicious and the staff was on point. The lighting - the music - the seating - the entire evening was a success. The three days to follow were all meetings in the actual meeting rooms. The meals (different each day - each meal) were all very enjoyable. No one was at all put off by the meals. Pleasing a large group with banquet food for three days; not always easy! :)Aside from great space and wonderful food - - the staff... Pretty much the Best. Ever. Every - Single - Person I came in contact with was amazing! Monica Lambert was the most hands-on, caring, easy to contact CSM on the planet. Brigitte Weglarz and her sister Heidi were beyond helpful dealing with all the guest room reservations and changes. Ricardo Vallarta and Rudy Antunez - Banquet Manager / Captain - PERFECTION like I have never experienced. I was honestly sad to leave them. Sean - our bartender and server throughout - amazing! Even Nelson Stickle from their PSAV team was fabulous! Seriously, this hotel's staff should get the "Best Hotel Staff EVER" award! Even Ren Hirose, the hotel's GM, made a point to get to know our group. That doesn't happen too often. **My colleagues, who are not meeting planners, even committed on how wonderful the staff was. "Never before had they all had such a pleasant interaction with the hotel staff." They usually leave that to me - - so if the W Scottsdale Staff was able to impress my other team members - - that for sure says something! All-in-all I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone! The location within Old Town Scottsdale is ideal to all. I have done MANY meetings with W properties all over the United States. This Staff at this hotel takes the cake. Every time I return to Scottsdale I will source this hotel. 100% amazing!!Thank you W Scottsdale! I can't wait till next time!**Oh, and I can't forget how they helped me WOW my clients with an impromptu Baby Shower. They helped me find and order a cake - set up a private space - and get creative with the "surprise" portion of the event! Amazing!! *Thank you Thank you!
4	Tons of room and friendly staff. I love the way I feel when I go to the W.  I live in Scottsdale but I'll stay here every once in awhile for a "staycation"  The outdoor pool has a vegas feel and the crowd is quality! Easy to talk to people and overall good times. Careful in the summer though!!! The ground is like an oven! Bring sandals!
2	This is a really hip and fun place to stay. There is lots to like here. The friendly staff. The whimsical elevator rides. And the Bliss day spa. The valet staff. All very good.So what's the problem? The housekeeping staff. When we first arrived on our floor we noticed some carpet stains out in the hallway that seemed odd. Next we noticed old food trays sitting in the hall waiting to be picked up. Then into our room where we were greeted with some really nasty looking stains on the floor. Really?We very politely explained the situation to the nice people at the front desk who apologized and said they would take care of it. But days later, the same stains were there as well as the same dirty glasses and dishes in the hall. Very disappointing indeed.
3	The customer service was amazing (5 stars)... Ryan at the concierge arranged a bottle of champagne and strawberries for my arrival. It was a wonderful way to kick off the evening! The hotel was basically booked solid for the weekend due to the fact that Larry Fitzgerald was hosting a party Saturday night, so my friends and I ended up with an 'accessible' room. I wasn't a fan, but beggars cannot be choosers. As always, the Bliss toiletries were amazing! The pool was incredible. The gym was acceptable. Now to the reason for my 3 star review: The bed sheets... although clearly they had been washed, there were some sketchy stains on them. A detail that my friend noted as she flipped her pillow in the middle of the night! Her entire bed was a mess. We notified management and we were offered late checkout, received several drink tickets, and half of the room was picked up. I also received an email from management to follow-up. Although we were appreciative of the effort on the hotel's behalf, we were still put out by the fact that the housekeeping staff could be so lax in their quality control measures. We left a little disappointed, but I do not think that would discourage an encore stay at this location.
4	Being my first time here, I was impressed! Did not stay the night or anything, but I did attend a Free Summer Yoga event by the pool. The turn out was excellent and everyone had a wonderful time! They offered a great happy hour after the workout, for those who attended the yoga class! I believe it was their normal HH, just extended for the rest of us who wanted to exercise first ;) The hotel pool was just gorgeous! Great view while the sun was going down! The bar area seemed to be pretty busy during happy hour and the tables and lounge chairs were available to order drink and food from a cocktail server even at 8pm when yoga had finished. There was also live music downstairs as we were leaving about 9pm. Their specialty drinks looked to be on the pricey "Scottsdale" spectrum but the happy hour was great!! I am a big fan of deliciously experimented and tasting "specialty" cocktails so I may have to return for one of these! Staff was ready and waiting and happy to help with attending to their guests! Always a plus when you dont have to feel like a pain in the....
4	Stayed Easter Weekend at the W Scottsdale.  I could see this property being a 1-2 star for many, and a 5 star for many.  It all comes down to what you are expecting.For starters, if you are looking for a quiet, peaceful weekend where you can get a lot of sleep and relax at the pool with a good book, then book another hotel...this is NOT for you.  However, if you are wanting an adult party scene, this is the spot.The hotel is very small (6 floors) but trendy and well maintained.  The rooms are on the small side, bathroom sink is right across from the bed.  But again, everything is well maintained, clean, modern.  The hotel is a horseshoe shape that wraps around the pool, which is VERY loud from around 11AM until 2AM.  Beds are very comfortable, and they make the most of the small space.The first level bar has live music at night, comfortable couches and chairs, and is fun to do some people watching.  It gets busy, but no so much that you can't find a spot to sit and relax.  Service is a bit slow, but not horrible.  A friend said it is well known in Scottsdale as a same-sex hook-up place, but that's not what we experienced.  We watched MANY guys picking up on single women (who seemed to be there to meet men).  The 2nd level goes up to the pool area, which at night has a DJ and dancing.  If you get bored in one bar, you can quickly go to the other.  Hotel guests get preferential access when it gets busy.  Our experience was that the DJ at the pool in the evening was only so-so...a lot of the music wasn't easy to dance to, though the bar itself had a nice vibe.  Imagine in the summer it's not as fun given it's all outside.During the day, the pool is also the spot to be at.  It's a big party scene.  The chairs are all padded, but there is not nearly enough to handle the crowd. There's a grassy area that handles some of the overspill, as well as couches and chairs near the bar.  Again, if you want to lay out and read, not the right spot.  Single women will get hit on (I watched my 40 something  year-olld girlfriend get hit on by a 20 something year-old guy when I went to get us drinks...very amusing).  There will be women dancing in their bikinis.  The pool is small and is completely filled with adults.  But, it's festive and a crowd that can afford a W...more late 20 something / early 30 something crown than drunk frat boys.  Service is great at the hotel, the employees really go out of their way to provide a great experience.  Valet service is required (at $29 night), but WOW are they fast.  We'd call from the room and by the time we got downstairs (less than 5 minutes), our car was waiting for us.Personally, I'd give this a 5 if the rooms were a little bigger, the pool was a little bigger, and the hotel had more floors or rooms away from the pool (it's fun down there at night, but at 1AM when you want to sleep and the music is still blasting, it's not as fun).
2	Let me start by saying I was so excited to come here on Saturday night to their rooftop bar/club. It was a great atmosphere. It was quickly ruined when my friend took a sip of her $10 well vodka cran and thought it tasted like pure juice. She told the bartender right away that it tasted off. I was sober and also thought it was pure juice. The bartender ignored her until we waited there for so long she got the bar manager. He came up and yelled, "you want a double shot?!" And he literally threw vodka all over her drink, the bar, and her. I couldn't believe this because the place seems classy. Any other bar would say no problem and remake the drink. Wow, we were disappointed!!
2	A hotel trying too hard to be interesting in a town that tries to hard too be interesting. This hotel would fit in in Las Vegas (their theme), but as a 5 story low-rise place in the middle of the bland, squat, little dump of a town that is Scottsdale, it feels amusing. The hotel is full of unique, but completely useless and non-functional crap in a transparent attempt to seem trendy. You walk through the lobby and techno music is blaring, the lights are dimmed and the hostesses at the crappy restaurants are dressed like they're getting ready to walk down a runway. By the time you get to your room, you sort of feel dirty. Certain rooms are marked "talent", which I don't even want to know is all about.The rooms, which are setup like neat studio apartments, would be really cool in a place like manhattan if they weren't looking out onto parking garages and air conditioning units. The beds in the king rooms sit in the middle of the room and are backed up to a computer table, not a wall. The bathrooms exists as two separate frosted glass pods, one for the toilet and one for the shower. It's a neat, but non-functional arrangement if you're sharing the room with someone The exterior walls are made of glass to give you that wonderful view of the parking garage wall, gravel on the roof, or if you're lucky enough, an abandoned structure left over from the real estate boom in "Old Town Scottsdale"To the east of you is a two block by two block area full of enough douchebags to make the cast of Jersey Shore blush. Little did I know that these weren't restaurants, but instead bars full of roided out, gelled hair punks and women who will die of skin cancer by the time they're 35, trading jello shots and redbulls as they fistpump their tuesday nights away.To the south west is "Old Town", which consists of 3-4 dozen mostly mediocre restaurants in a repurposed strip mall from the 1950s which aims to feel like a western movie set. Back to the hotel itself... They have such delusions of grandeur that they charge 30 bucks a day to valet park in a state that was founded on the principals of massive parking lots and cheap energy rates. The hotel is so desperate for that "chic" status that they'll rent or use local luxury car dealerships to stock the front parking circle to make it appear as though people want to be here. I should mention that the team running the valet parking, luggage handling and doormen are extremely courteous.If you choose to be a loser and opt for the deal-of-the-century $10 a day self parking in the land of free real estate, indian reservations and deserts, you'll be rewarded with outdoor (but shaded) parking that consists of about 10 spaces for the entire hotel rented out from an office park across the street. Better get there early folks!So by the time you get to your room, you should be disgusted enough to pass out out of frustration, after maybe a snack. Since this hotel is too cool for refrigerators, you're treated to a wooden tray, stacked to the brim with snackfood. This is a magical tray, because it transforms 75 cent packages of almonds into $10 classy treats, and 50 cent packages of cookies into 7 dollar self-esteem reassurers. If you choose to partake in their miniature bottle of wine, prepare to pay $75!!! If you wanted to buy a bottle of water or something at their convenience store, too bad, it only sells underwear, flimsy dresses and perfume (so fancy!).So fine, just screw it, time to get some sleep, right? Well, unfortunately, that glass exterior wall designer did not have enough foresight to ensure that the curtains closed all the way!The pluses? The hotel doesn't have motion sensors on the AC, which means you can crank it to survive the disgusting summer heat. Other than that? none... not a damn thing. As a starwood member who has stayed at other W hotels, I will do my best to avoid this place on subsequent visits. Final summary? If you're lower class valley trash looking for a weekend to make you feel fancy, this might just be your place.
5	Booked a conference room for an event and this team at the W hotel here is on too of the game when it comes down to service. We have stayed at many W hotels but the  attention to details here is amazing. Amazing set up and atmosphere everywhere. Will definitely stay here again when around Arizona.
2	Everything was great, I guess I should of waited to receive final closing statement for conference room. We were told no service fee would be charged and they decided to sneak it in at the end for the amount of $152 dollars. When asked about it she said "we'll didn't we give you a discount on night rate for personal room" that was not the reason we booked here.
4	For my first time staying at the W I was impressed.  Keep in mind that I am a huge fan of contemporary modern design and my own home is decorated accordingly.  The decor in the common areas are well done and I love the rooms decor from the closets and desk to the glass vanity counter tops and glass floor and tiles in the shower.CUSTOMER SERVICE *****I read many reviews of the W prior to my stay and in contrast to some poor customer service reviews I've seen - I received outstanding service from the valet to hospitality staff throughout.ROOM ****The only thing holding me back from giving 5 stars was the television and its in-room system.  It was glitchy, channel selection was basic cable almost, and quality of picture old school.  They provide a nice JBL apple doc station and stereo, but it's only good if you still own the older 30 pin iPods, iPhones, and iPads.POOL Wet Deck *****Like many old town Scottsdale spots it's filled with beautiful people.  There are two bars on the pool deck as well.THE LIVING ROOM *****This is a combination of hotel entry lounge in the day and very cool lounge at night with live music.Overall, if you are a single 20's or 30's something, or trendy couple, you will enjoy the W.  What they lack in bars (outside of pool and living room) is easily overcome with a 3-5 minute walk to dozens of options.
5	Wow where do I begin on my experience!I stayed here overnight for a business seminar I was holding the next day in their studio conference room back on June 8thNot only was the room perfect in lighting and space but these two employees Rudy and Katherine went above and beyond to make sure my seminar ran smoothly.They The accommodated and attended I have stayed at 2 previous w hotels in Los Angeles and this location by far exceeded my exceptionsEverywhere from the staff, the upkeep of the hotel and how clean my room was.Also loved how close it was to downtown and shopping.
2	I really wanted to love my stay here but sadly I just didn't. Customer service was lacking. When you stay at higher end hotels that is what sets it apart is how they make you feel. They made me feel like they were doing me a favor by staying here. 3 nights into my stay the person at the front desk finally greeted me as I walked in. Mind you the first 2 nights the front desk person was not on the phone nor with a guest yet just didn't bother to say hello. The rooms are nice, a bit cramped but it is a hotel. The rooms are starting to show age. As a guest you pay $29 a day for parking, I get paying for parking but almost $30? Or you can park off site and walk in 115 degree weather for $10. Last but not least, after high rates for rooms, high rates for just ok room service and bad customer service they charge you for internet and your cell phone internet seems to only work at times in the hotel. How do you charge high rates for rooms and not throw in free wifi. Very disappointed with the W.
4	This hotel isn't for everyone and I suggest finding a room elsewhere if you have kids or are looking for a relaxing place to unwind. Now if you do want to stay in Old Town and plan on painting the town, then this a great place to rest your head when you do finally decide to sleep. We stayed in the "Spectacular King" which was decorated in "trendy chic" furnishings, if that means anything to you. While the rooms are on the smaller side, the bed is luxurious and the shower is roomy. Hopefully you're comfortable with your bunkmate as the toilet situation could potentially be a little awkward...
5	Had drinks at the bar in the Library & the barkeep Mike was hilarious & witty! No one better to have a drink (or 5) with!
2	The look and brand of this place is deceptive as the staff's customer service skills are not aligned with any other W or Starwood Hotel I've stayed at. I'm a frequent business traveler but actually CHOSE to stay here on personal travel recently and was surprised by how terrible the experience was.  Even locals were very vocal about how down-hill this place has gone. Not at all worth the money and I won't be staying here again. For the same modern feel but a much better vibe, I'll be at the Palomar downtown.
3	If you want a non stop party scene more intense than Vegas, come and stay here.   Stayed here for three nights.  Was looking forward to R&R, but got techno by the pool for two days straight.  The hotel is more interested in pleasing outsiders to come spend money at the pool and bar than making sure guests are happy and comfortable. As a guest you must pay to have an umbrella for shade because they are reserved for people using day beds & getting bottle service.  Because the place was packed and I cant sit in the sun for long we got the day bed, and the total to use it from 1pm to 6pm was 450, tip and tax.  Total rip off.  On Sunday we opted for laying out on concrete in the shade even though the majority of the day beds were not being used.  We ordered food and drinks and ate on the ground.  About an hour later the pool manger offered us one of the pool beds and shade for the rest of the afternoon free of charge.   Besides this our stay was great.  I liked the modern decor, it is in a good location, Sushi Roku was delicious, service nice, and there is a decent gym.To me the W came across as an overly greedy corporation doing it all wrong.  Rooms don't get booked because family's, elderly and many others wont stay here.  They actually lie about how booked it is and turn lights on rooms to make it look full at night [some insider info].  Also don't book over their phone, they will quote you higher rates.  Go though an online travel company for best rates. They really should have enough umbrellas available for all guests. Will not be staying at a W again-come here to party and go back somewhere else.
1	I stayed at the W Hotel in Scottsdale over my Labor Day weekend.  I was really excited to stay at this hotel, as I stay in the Austin location all the time.  This was the WORST Labor Day I ever had.  I updated to a suite because it was my GF anniversary, and too my surprise the AC went out in the middle of the night.  108 degrees in AZ and I have no AC.  I even upgraded to one there amazing suites they say, and it was horrible.  Complete waste of my money and holiday.  I will not being staying with them again.
5	Still one of my favorite places to stay. I was a little worried at first when I had to sign an agreement upon check in. Something new. No parties, no outside alcohol, no smoking in the room. But that's what we came for! Soooo I was pleasantly surprised when I didn't get any additional charges on my bill. :) We did have to get security on our floor due to guys that kept hitting on us and leaving a note on our door. Not the W's fault though. They got security up there right away and gave us free breakfast. Also the pool is amazing. Drinks are a little expensive, I only know because I bought a round of birthday shots. But who buys their own drinks anyway when you're in a bikini?
5	I just fell in love with Scottsdale, Arizona and The W Hotel! Stayed here this past weekend for my first time being in Scottsdale. I will say that the love is so real that I do not plan to ever stay anywhere else. This hotel is in such a convenient location that you will never have to take an Uber any where! We were walking distance by the big mall (that I never made it to) and from all the nightlife (which of course I made it to!). As read in the other reviews, this is NOT the place for kids and families to go to and it is loud with music from all the clubs surounding this place. If you are a light sleeper, good luck! The rooms are pricey but well worth it!PROS: -Cabanas are super reasonable price! On a saturday I got a day bed cabana which consisted of two day beds under a canopy right by the pool and it was only $100. Perfect for just me and my girlfriend!-Drinks and food were great! So great that all weekend, we ate at the hotel!-The people that work here are so friendly and so beautiful-Pool was perfect for lounging and never over crowded-DJ at the pool on weekends was awesome! -The hotel offers late check out for a small additional fee. We were able to check out at 6:00pm which was perfect because that is the time we needed to leave for the airport.-To use the elevators you need your room key which I love to keep the creepsters out.-The rooms were amazing and the bed was soooo comfortable!CONS:-During the DJ/Party times at the pool, we weren't allowed to take a nap in our paid cabana. The workers will actually tell you no sleeping. Strange! What if I wasn't sleeping and just resting my eyes! -Not sure when the pool closes but I do wish it was open for a relaxing night swim. Went Sunday night for a night swim and it was closedAs you can tell, there were many Pros and not many Cons! Successful hotel!P.S. Stayed for 3 whole days and ONLY left the hotel once! Haha!
3	Staff is incredibly friendly. The hotel has a nice look. The location is right next to the bars / clubs. Rooms are ok. The speakers in the rooms are for an iPhone 4 mount and I'm pretty sure the iPhone 6 just came out so I couldn't play my iPhone 5.  The material on the shower floors is very slippery. The spa is very small. We asked if they had a steam room the night before and we showed up the next morning to learn it was a single steam shower. The view surrounding the hotel, although not their fault, is not good. Definitely should have blocked the power station and abandoned buildings with some trees.  Overall for a Scottsdale hotel I would recommend but they definitely need to make some small modifications.
3	You would think the "W" and Scottsdale makes a great combo. and a no brainer for a 3 night stay, NOT don't get too excited and don't expect a whole lot. I found this place to have no personality at all. the life is at the Bar but the Lobby and entrance were like an airport terminal. Sorry, Not Digging it over at The "W" in Scottsdale.Bar area was nice until asked to leave for a private event.The Galleria close by made up for what was lacking though.
4	This review is for the Shade Lounge. Overall it was a fun evening - great music, people watching and atmosphere around the pool. The drinks were somewhat overpriced, but otherwise I had a fun time and would definitely come back.
4	First time in Scottsdale and my girls and i resided here. It is a really nice hotel in a great location. Everything is within walking distance. Fashion square Mall, restaurant (try Wild Fish Grille), bars and lounges. The hotel it self has different events going on as well on Friday and Saturday. At times it seem like we were entering a club. There was one issue with my friend upon checkout. The staff lost her ice pack that they stored for her. It went with here breastfeeding kit. So she wasn't to happy about that. I would reside her again and recommend it to others.
5	The party at the W rooftop hotel bar last night was so ratchet off the hook I went to the ladies and stuffed my bra just to stay on point. There was more fine ass in one square foot of dance floor than in a five minute Nicki Minaj video. It was an honor to get myself white girl wasted there. Five stars for not getting roofied!
5	Beautiful hotel with amazing staff, rooftop pool bar, lounge, sushi restaurant, and gorgeous decor, aroma and feeling! One of my favorite places to visit and stay at. The location is perfect! So close to shopping, dining and old town. Whenever I have guest I always have to show them the W. Really shows a different side to AZ and makes it more fabulous! Last week I tok my mother and she thought the lounge, staircase and rooftop pool were amazing & dreamy. As it is. Everything about this place sparkles and the ambiance is top notch. Love you W! Stay fabulous!
3	I may have had higher expectations and thus the let down...Service at the pool:Pretty awesome, the pool/bar waitress came over frequently to check if we needed food, drinks, etc. She also brought us lemon water without asking. As it gets more crowded, you may need to wait a bit, but overall really good. The hotel towels/chairs are decent and not too flimsy. Food/drinks at the pool: Decided to order from Roku (Japanese food) at the pool and was SO disappointed to order sushi and not have any ginger or wasabi...(dramatic: isn't that sacrilegious?). Overall the sushi is quite good but super heavy on the spicy mayo sauce (yick). Drinks at the pool are quite good too, just as expected a bit more on the pricey side. Ambience:It's good if it's earlier in the day (ie, if there's few people around)...but towards the late afternoon/weekends there was quite a bit of activity prepping the area for yoga that ruins it for the guests. So we had quite a few guys around the cabana putting speakers and wires up. Overall, liked the modern look and design but I was just hoping for more...especially with so many great spots in the neighborhood.
5	This place ROCKS!!  I was in Scottsdale for a training seminar with a coworker and we stayed at The W Hotel.  Aaaammaazziiinnggg.We had 1 day free before our training and stayed in the hotel pretty much all day.  We visited the Bliss Spa which was nice (but pricey) lounged by the pool, dined at Roku Sushi and partied on the roof top lounge.  This hotel is a one stop shop!The rooms are nice and modern, but a little cramped and I didn't care for the open lay out of the bathroom which doesn't allow for much privacy.If ever in Scottsdale, (which is a pretty cool town) I would not stay anywhere else!
5	My favorite W in The country. The lobby and the poolside are amazing to hang out in. The food is on point and the staff is one of the friendliest of all the W Hotel that I've ever stayed at. Heidi and Bridget at the front desk are always super helpful and remember me every time I come in. The pool area turns into a nightclub lounge at night which is the perfect place to hang out in Arizona weather. The lobby usually has entertainment and is also an excellent place to hang out awesome Decour!! The hotel is centrally located in the heart of all-time Scottsdale in walking distance to the mall and to all the area bars and nightclubs. One thing to keep in mind it is in a party area so if you're looking for more of a quiet place to stay I probably stay away from the W. Aside from that this place is amazing and definitely one of my favorite hotels.
4	We had a good stay here, but I can easily see how someone would not.  The hubs and I were visiting family and decided we needed a night to ourselves, so we booked a room midweek.  The hotel was pretty dead so we were upgraded to a "party suite" overlooking the pool...sweet, indeed!  We had a very comfortable stay, but we did see signs that said that a DJ spun every Thursday-Saturday at the pool until 2am.  Since I'm not 21 years old, a MBA student, or celebrating my bachelorette party, there's no doubt that would have sucked!  So, if you're not looking to actually party, I'd recommend skipping the party suite or any room that overlooks the pool.
5	Friendly staff and fun events!
