5	Everyone friendly. Nice atmosphere. Service was excellent. Food was delicious (loved the pork tacos).  Wonderful new neighborhood restaurant!
4	I'm excited to be the first REAL review of this place.  We decided to stop by here in favor of Postino, as we have already been multiple times, and boy am I glad we did.  This is like the 4th or 5th, or maybe 12th different restaurant inside the ever-so-lovely Clarendon Hotel.  In what seems to be a revolving door of restaurant concepts in this rather charming space, I think we have finally found a winner.Gallo Blanco does something that not enough restaurants do.  They downsize their menu drastically to have only a few different options for lunch/dinner, and a few options for breakfast, plus a few assorted appetizers.  I much prefer a restaurant to have a few things on the menu that they perfect rather than a whole bunch of items that are only so-so.  The dinner menu offers a few entrees including steak and chicken and then there are tortas or tacos with your choice of delectable meat stuffed inside.  The husband and I ordered the cheese crisp (not what you think) and the pork sandwiches.  I would give the Spanish names, but I've got nothing for ya.  The cheese crisp was a fantastic giant fried concoction.  It seems like it was a large tortilla, or something, covered in cheese and deep fried wrapped around something round.  It was really good, I can't describe it much better, just get it if you go.  The pork tortas were so delicious.  The pork was tender and flavorful.  it was mixed with some shredded lettuce, a couple slices of fresh avocado, and there was a delightfully tangy/spicy sauce underneath.  The bread was unbelievably tasty, slightly sweet with a perfect texture.  I was excited to actually have a true torta bun instead of your average run of the mill hamburger bun.  We decided to split the chocolate pudding for dessert.  It was served in a small tumbler.  The chocolate pudding wasn't a traditional pudding and was much thinner.  However, it went perfectly with the graham crackers and the truly homemade marshmallow fluff.  The marshmallow stuff was soooooo good and you can taste the quality.  A tasty yet simple dessert.What a great experience!  I only took away one star because the restaurant was far from busy but the wait for food was a little too long to be deemed acceptable.  However, our server was so sweet and charming, and her English accent was almost unbearably adorable.  It was her first day on the job but she was phenomenal.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone and I hope we finally have a permanent resident in the Clarendon restaurant space.
5	I may be a bit too enthusiastic about Gallo Blanco because I've been craving a genuine taqueria with great food and reasonable prices.  Gallo Blanco delivers on both fronts.  The owner was the founding chef at LGO and his attention to quality ingredients shows.  We started with the Chicharron de Queso - sort of a fried cheese crisp - with a terrific aioli dipping sauce.  The Queso wasn't my favorite but my wife loved it.  Things picked up with the vegetable of the day - baked asparagus.  Well seasoned and absolutely delicious.  The highlight for me was the Carne Asada Torta ($6.00), a delicious sandwich with a fried egg on top.  Truly spectacular.  I'll come back for this dish alone but don't let that stop you from trying the rest of the menu.The Vegetarian taco (Verduras de Temporada) was spectacular and at only $2.00, you should order a few to fill up.  We finished our meal with the Postre de Chocolate, a pudding, marshmallow and graham cracker dessert that is to smores what creme boule is to caramel.  We also tried several of GB's drinks.  The Michelada ($5.00) was refreshing and tasty and the Horchata very tasty (and much less sweet than the saccharin types served too often).  I also tried a Vodka Aguas Frescas ($7.00) - in this case, watermelon, not my favorite fruit but still darn tasty.  When I commented that I'd order it again with a bit more lime and alcohol another appeared gratis.  These people care about their customers.  With great food and a great location (how about a cocktail on the rooftop afterward?) Gallo Blanco is a great addition to the CenPho dining scene.
5	I had such a wonderful experience at Gallo Blanco.  I really contemplate going back every day as I drive by.  The sangria was pretty good (I prefer red though) and they had a full bar - so you have to love that.  The decor is sweet with a sort of rustic/modern/southwest vibe to it.  The cheese crisp tube thing was wicked good.  Can't say enough about the aioli that came with it.  Little spicy, lots of flavor - the perfect compliment.As for my meal, the pork torta thing was wicked good.  Seriously, $6 for this?  Could you be any better of a deal?  Actually, writing this review makes me want to go back.  I might just have to tonight.We had the weird pudding/marshmallow thing for dessert.  It wasn't my favorite dessert but it was really good.  Nothing quite like a s'more in pudding form.The food did take a little while to come out.  I can forgive it because our waitress was so nice and helpful and because I enjoyed everything that I got.  I really sucks to wait for 15+ minutes for food and then have it suck.  Thankfully, this did not happen here.  Top notch.  Hopefully Clarendon finally has found a permanent tenant in Gallo Blanco.
5	I had to update my review to share a very important finding since my first review.  Gallo Blanco has the best guacamole you'll ever taste.  Bet on it.  There's more going on here than you're standard guac but it's still familiar enough to bring to mind all your favorite onion, cilantro, lime and guacamole memories.  Now add orange - or what I think was orange but somehow much, much better than you can possibly imagine.  My continuous improvement suggest for GB is that all guacamole orders come with a privacy screen.  It's just too good not to dive in without abandon, making a complete and utter fool of yourself.  This chef has a deft touch and a very refined sense of balance with flavors.  Do not pass up the guac!
4	Really great tacos!  The fish and carne asada tacos taste fresh and delicious, al beit small, but they are only $2 each so order as many as you like!The chips and quac are perfect!  I love thick crunchy not too greasy but just enough chips and the guac is FRESH, real and as posted has a tint of oranges in there-- so good.I also had the frijoles and holy moly frijole- they were gooood.My friend had the elote-con queso and said was was fabulous.It is a simply clean menu with high quality taste-- I can't wait to plan a get together with friends there and have some drinks and food too!  This trip was food only. Not to mention the breakfast menu had me craving eggs really bad.http://www.galloblancocafe.com/
3	I wish Yelp would let us give half stars...cause this place would definitely be getting 2.5 stars from me. However, since I don't have that luxury, and since I'm feeling generous, we'll go with 3. Suffice it to say, I didn't think this place was anywhere NEAR as good as some of my foreyelpers. According to my dinner-mate (who also lives in Phoenix), the restaurant at the Claredon Hotel has had some identity crises in the past...Gallo Blanco is merely the latest manifestation and has only been open a few weeks. The ambiance was pretty good (earning this place one of its stars)...the dimly lit, minimalist-designed dining room with exposed concrete flooring lent itself well to the theme of the restaurant, with great big windows on one end.Our waitress was an adorable blonde from Manchester, England, who was very sweet and attentive, and the service was fabulous the whole evening...seriously, our food came out in the blink of any eye! I know others have complained that the service was slow, so all I have to say to them is that maybe they stepped up their game in the past few days or something...anyway, it was wicked fast (point for Ms. Manchester and the quick entree-serving, too). So...here's where lack of stars comes in: the food. We started with the Guacamole, which one yelper claimed was the, "best guacamole you'll ever taste." This is false. It is NOT the best guacamole you'll ever taste. It doesn't even rank in my top 10. I guess I like more traditional guacamole, because this was NOT traditional, and it just didn't really hit the spot for me. It was very chunky and had actual slices of little tangerines (i think) in it. The "hint of orange" was, in my opinion, a drawback. I just...didn't love it. Or even like it that much. I think I make better guac at home. Along with the guac, we also got a tomatillo sauce that was very boring...I've had some excellent tomatillos, and this didn't rank.For my meal, I ordered the Cochinita Torta, which is basically pork served on a bun with some lettuce and some sort of aoili. I had read good reviews about the pork torta, but was hugely disappointed. First of all, the bun is like...one that you'd buy in the grocery store. NOTHING special about it, which was slightly disappointing. It just didn't have the constitution to really contain or complement the contents of the torta. The torta contents themselves were also nothing to write home about. My biggest complaint was the fact that there wasn't much pork, and the pork that was there wasn't, honestly, all that great. The aoili (which was seriously not much of a step above mayo) totally overpowered the pork and made the sandwich kind of...soggy. A soggy mayo and pork sandwich. That's what I had. It wasn't very good.I think next time I'd go with the tacos...my friend ordered them and they looked less...disappointing. She appeared to like them pretty well.The other star that I HAVE to give this place, though, is for the prices...$6.50 for the torta and $4.00 for the 2 tacos. We didn't get any alcohol, so all in all we spent $11 apiece. I may not have liked my food, but at least I didn't spend a fortune on it. The price is the only thing that would entice me to come back and try something else.
4	I am a woman that likes lime in her Mexican Beer. I mean, a LOT of lime. Gallo - you scratch me where I itch! They fresh squeeze lime juice and when mixed with your tecate, you are in heaven!Aside from the best beer in town, they also have amazing fresh squeezed watermelon & lime juice and iced coffee. The best news of all is that the iced coffee is $1.25 and I heard they order from Cartel in Tempe!I have been to Gallo twice now. The first time I tried the veggie tacos and took a bite of the veggie torta. Both were seriously to die for. Over the weekend I had the huevos rancheros for brunch, and those too were out of this world! They also have a tomatillo sauce that is super good. Not only is the food and drink amazing, but the prices are awesome too! I had breakfast, iced coffee and two beers for $17.  (I did hear over the weekend that they will be raising their prices soon, which sucks, but I would be fine paying more because the quality certainly justifies it!!)Even better news, you can get all of this POOL SIDE at the Clarendon pool! Ummm... you really cannot go wrong!I have no complaints about the service. The menu is small but varied, so as a hotel guest I feel like you could eat there a few times during your trip without feeling worn out of the taste.I am super stoked that Gallo is now in Clarendon, because I will spend my weekends delighting in that delicious Tecate while I munch on some $2 veggie tacos poolside!
4	I had the great opportunity of meeting up for lunch here today around noon and was pleasantly satisfied! Last time I was in this space it had an Asian theme but they've redone it and it looks super. To eat we started off with two iced teas, an order of the guac, two veggie tacos, a veggie torta and I had the ensalada de la casa. Everything was fantastic; the veggie tacos are a steal at two dollars! I could have probably eaten 10-15 of them! The torta was delicious too and had the same marinated seasonal veggie mix between telera bread. My salad was light and refreshing, although it could have been a little larger. Props to all the friendly staff and to our competent server who went out of her way to make sure everything was to our liking. She inquired about our food preferences, told her we were vegetarian, and impressed us by actually understanding what ingredients are veggie friendly. Can't wait to try breakfast and drinks here in the future!
4	Four stars for now, this place will almost certainly earn more as I return.  This is now my go-to margarita (particularly for the entirely reasonable $7) and the ($2! TWO!!! DOLLARS!!!) tacos were excellent as well.  I tried one of each taco - they offer steak, pork, fish, and seasonal veggie.  I think I'll go heavy on the steak and fish upon future visits - the pork taco had carmelized pineapple on it and was just a little too sweet for my taste.  The veggie taco was great, but not really my style.  I was afforded a bite of the corn, which was lightly spiced and heavily sprinkled with some deliciously pungent powdery cheese.  I can't wait to get a cob of this for myself.  Very juicy, and flavorful.  I missed a taste of the other appetizer my table ordered - the fried cheese roll thing.  This is an almost airy roll of what must have been a cheese batter - I wonder what one would have to do to get a demonstration of how that thing was made - that looked fairly delicious, from my point of view.  The guac was quite tasty, although I don't know that I would call it the best I've ever experienced.  I enjoyed the salsas that were offered nearly as well.  The chips were a slightly thicker variety, with a great fresh crunch and good flavor of their own.  The service was a bit hectic - our waiter had some help that seemed to come at random times and I wasn't totally sure they were helping him out as much as confusing everyone.  Given that it's a new restaurant, apparently a waiter was out for some reason, and the fact that nothing actually offensive or problematic occurred, I won't dock stars, but I expect this aspect to improve on my next visit.  Perhaps we won't invite 8 people who each expect separate checks next time and it won't be a problem (but what fun would that be?).  The ambiance - I liked the design of the place, although it would be nice if they had a slightly larger TV above the bar, and the layout is a little.... interesting, with the bar area right near the lobby and all.  The main seating area looked like a more compelling place to enjoy a leisurely meal, with large windows, some bench seating along the wall, and a better division of space.  All told, I really enjoyed my experience here, both food-wise and every entertaining second of the conversation.  I'm excited to return again and again (the corn, dessert, a torta, the cheese appetizer, perhaps breakfast?) I can hardly wait, in fact.
3	I am going to hold back a star because I didn't get to take pictures off the rooftop.  A private party, with really obnoxious karaoke  singers, had booked the rooftop lounge.I was there for PFN and had drug my neighbor, Cindy Y., along.  I chose Hefeweizen and she was drinking the regular margaritas. To eat I had one each: pork taco, fish taco and carne asada taco.  All were good.  I thought the carne asada taco had more of a of a pineapple taste than I was expecting.  Cindy had a pork taco, fish taco and grilled corn on the cob which comes with parmesan and some other stuff on it.  Nathan S. who sat with us to eat had a pork torta that he was quite pleased with.  We both enjoyed everything and the prices were quite reasonable. In addition to the traditional restaurant and bar areas you can choose to sit out by the pool which is a large enough area to accommodate a couple of reasonable sized groups at the same time and still allow for mingling.  I would suggest maybe doubling the number of chairs and tables though.  They have a server assigned to the pool area or you can go inside to order.For a restaurant to make it in a small hotel in Arizona they have to have enough draw to bring local folks in during those months that are slow in the hotel business.  So far these folks seem to be off to a good start.I took my shop car rather than get to yet another downtown venue where parking my truck would be a hassle.  I needn't have worried, there was plenty of easy access parking in the lot and on the street.
5	Wow! I know it's been a minute since I've been on here, so you know it's gotta be something good, right??!!!I went to Gallo and was COMPLETELY blown away with how great everything was! From service to food to prices( wow the prices!)  I got the Cheesburger, Carne Asada Beef Torta, and the Cochinita(pork) and fish tacos and loved each flavor of everything! The pork had a sweet bbq flavor which was a nice surprise, the french fries were  salty just like I love em, the burger was juicy and flavorfull, and the Carne was seasoned great and used a perfect amount of cilantro ( how I luv cilantro!!)!  I especially loved that the whole meal, which I shared ( I didn't eat all that people! LOL!), was only $22!!! That's cheaper than a Taco Bell or Armandos run!!Needless to say I was craving it again last night after I tried it in the morning, but didn't go back, only giving myself one cheat meal! HA HA!!But I'll be back, A LOT!!!
2	A missed opportunity .... I was excited that the LGO heritage was going to invade my 'hood (again)... BIG MISTAKE... tonight was a disappointment .... I encouraged my friends to join me at Gallo to see what new and exciting things are  being offered by Doug  Robson (of LGO fame) here are Gallo .... YAWN!First ...lemme say... I felt the staff was great... granted.. there were only 20 people in the entire restaurant;...our server was attentive and visible.   I reviewed the menu prior to arrival, so I gently advised my buds that it's not a full service restaurant,  per sea , but more of a "snack stop".   We arrived and were quickly seated; we ordered the guacamole as an appetizer, which we all enjoyed.  The  guac  arrived with a pairing of enhancement sauces which appealed to all.  The chips for dipping were extremely light and flavorful, the highlight of the meal in my opinion.Using caution and sticking to just tacos, the three of us ordered a mix of all of the Tacos and one ordered the Cheeseburger.    The tacos arrived promptly after the appetizer, the tacos neatly presented in an accordion type metal rack. Although aesthetically pleasing, the rack was not warmed, so it basically "stole" the heat from the tacos.  Thank god it did not steal the flavor, which,...I have to say... was very nice... not FANTASTIC.. but very good.  The pork was great, nice and juicy with a somewhat sweet tang, the Carne Asada, were perfect in my opinion.. the Vegetable tacos.. very flavorful... considering it was just veggies.    My bud who ordered the hamburger was REALLY disappointed... he claimed it not cooked according to his request (medium) but very rare.  He did give kudos for presentation, but that was about it.  Would I come here again???.. perhaps.. but not to bring a first date or impress my boss... I might however, come here after a heavy night of drinking when the tummy is grumbling.  I'm hoping that Doug will "shine" in a few months and present a new menu with integrity and virtue. I am kinda perplexed  by all the GREAT reviews of Gallo,... Many of the Yelpers have given this restaurant overwhelming great reviews... my question...is WHY???
4	Seriously - $2 steak tacos?!!?? Awesome! We've now been there twice in the last couple of weeks and each time have loved it. The Guac is by far my favorite part. The citrus/oranges twist is an amazing complement to the traditional pepper/onions fare. The other aspect that I loved was that it isn't grinded into a pulp. Turns out I really lie the chunky aspects of this guac. One twist that we did was ask for tortillas, vs. chips, and it turns out that they cook their own tortillas on site, so we got fresh tortillas - simply tasty.I've tried all 4 tacos and definitely lean towards the steak (best) and pork (good second). I chased these with the watermelon-lime fresca the second time and the Periquitas ($5 red wine) the first time. Was pleasantly surprised each time.Although I'm not a fan of frijoles (soupy beans), the beans here were as if you had some refried beans, with some whole beans, sprinkled with cotija cheese. They were very flavorful, almost a little smoky/earthy, which was a nice change from the regular old bland stuff you get at other places.
4	I have been to Gallo Blanco a few times now and have always been please with both the food and the service. Some of my favorites included the Elote Callejero wich is grilled corn covered in cotija cheese and then heavily sprinkled with smoked paprika.  $2 tacos (they're small and delicious). I've tried them all but I must say the Cochinitas (pork marinated with achiote, orange, garlic and guajillo) were the best.I also had a white sangria (I usually prefer red but this was light and refreshing) it had lemons, grapes, mangoes, oranges, apples - delicious! They don't make it too sweet with is a big win every time. For breakfast I tried the Huevos Rancheros and was very pleased with the spicy tomato sauce that came with it. I also ordered the Fruta con crema fresca (mixed fruit w/ whipped Crema Fresca) very fresh and nice variety of fruit. The menu is pretty limited, but what they do  - they do well. The prices are excellent and the dining area open and airy. I can see myself frequenting this place a lot this summer.
4	My lovely woman and I stayed at the Clarendon this past weekend, so we had plenty of encounters with Gallo Blanco and we dug it.You can't go wrong with their fresh, made when you order it, guacamole and house-made tortilla chips. That is some damn good guac! In addition to the normal ingredients that you would expect (avocado, tomato, onion, spices) they also include some tangerine or a similar fruit in there, giving it a tasty variation. We ordered it as an app before dinner and also during the day while we were chillin poolside. Good stuff!The grilled corn appetizer (Elote Callajero) with cotija cheese and smoked paprika is also a unique and tasty treat. They'll even cut it in half for ya if you want to share with someone else.For din-din, my girl enjoyed their fish tacos more than the carne asada taco. I was satisfied with the veggie tacos. A good mix of grilled veggies and other taco goodies was included, along with a fresh lime. Gotta love fresh lime juice squeezed on fresh ingredient packed tacos.If you want a little somethin extra, their house-made french-fries are delicious and will only run you $2 for a side.The dining area has large glass windows that you can sit up against, which is pretty cool and allows for a good view of the surrounding area.The bar area had a live music performance on Saturday night, which was a welcome addition.My only suggestion for Gallo Blanco would be to expand their drink selections and availability. I'd like to see a good pale ale (like Sierra Nevada) put on tap there. They do have a Oak Creek Hefeweisen and a Nimbus Dark Amber, so I give them props for covering those beer styles, but I still want a good pale ale. As far as mixed drinks go, my girlfriend wanted a Strawberry Daiquiri to sip on while we were lounging poolside and they were unable to make one for us. After I found that out, I asked if they could make a strawberry anything for her and they agreed to make a strawberry margarita, although they seemed very reluctant to do so.Overall, the environment is awesome, the service is good and the food is good. I would definitely recommend that you check it out.
1	HATED HATED HATED it. Won't go back and here's why. TINY menu and 1/4 of that was breakfast. Some of our menus had TO GO stamped on them, not a big deal but wtf? There is a chicken in the logo but only one chicken item. Appetizers - needed the waiter to explain what they were. Only one vegetarian dish on entire menu. We had a party of 10, 3 of us ordered tacos, they were all served together even though we were at opposite ends of the table. It feels like this restaurant is just an experiment and if it doesn't work they'll replace it again. If you are going to do something, commit to it. Out of a party of 10 the BEST comment was the burger was good (followed by a shrug of the shoulders.)I sent the owner an e-mail letting him know about my experience. Got a snotty response saying things like "We serve it one way and one way only"BTW let's be very clear...the Clarendon and the restaurant are separately owned and different experiences.
3	This was the first time today that I was at a restaurant surrounded by cocks. And, sadly, this wasn't as stellar an experience as I'd hoped. :( Robert M and I went here for breakfast this morning and apparently that's a meal too early to be considered for taking here. The much-zinged about tacos wouldn't be served until 11 a.m. and it was 9:30 a.m. What to do but order a drink. We did; the bloody mary, which is made with house made charred tomatoes, pureed and served with Absolut vodka (can you believe this is their well? For sure!). We both needed to doctor up our drinks, because we like them spicier and I need salt in my everything, yet it was still short of great. Now, had I been wearing my flask belt buckle and thought ahead to fill it with vodka, this might have been a better bloody mary. With the menu limitations in mind, our choices were limited. As we were meeting up with another couple, we didn't want to eat too much and just sit and watch this couple eat, so we ordered the cheese crisp. Or was it crispy cheese? Either way, it's basically cheese toasted on a skillet until it's good and bubbly and crispy, rolled loosely and server. Good, and I'll try to make this at home. Huevos rancheros was my breakfast selection but I'd filled up too much on the crisp, water and bloody mary and wasn't able to finish it myself. Bless my pumpkin's heart, Robert finished for me. Apparently the service was off this morning, and it was painfully obvious. From being brought juice glasses for our water (I drink a lot of water and need constant refills) to feeling like we were left to fend for ourselves throughout the meal, something definitely wasn't flowing smoothly. However, I do want to come back and give this place another try. The volume of positive reviews showcase that Gallo Blanco can provide an exceptional dining experience. Until that time, I will have to round up my 2.45 stars to 3 stars. Please, Gallo Blanco. Don't let me down next time.
4	Strike the background music by the Commodores, "Three Times a Lady"..."yes, you're once, twice, THREE times a laaaady. And I loooove youuuuu!" Yep. After C4. After The Clarendon Kitchen. We now have Gallo Blanco. And I am muy happy about this. The carne asada tacos are heavenly! Perfectly seasoned and served in the cutest taco rack. I'm now combing every William Sonoma to find these puppies. Our mango fresco juice beverage thingie was so refreshing I wanted to jump right in! Rickie said the roasted chicken was succulent. Ok. So he didn't say succulent. I think yummy was the word. The decor is modern and comfortable. I love how they really opened up the room. It is light, airy and has great views. Including our bedroom window...ooops...maybe I shouldn't have mentioned that. OMG. We just confirmed our trip to Disney World! Gotta go! Oh. Eat here. NOW!
4	I was so excited to hear that Doug Robson (I'm a fan of his from LGO) was opening an authentic Mexico City mexican food restaurant!  I have spent some time in Mexico City and love all the flavors of the food, the people and the culture!Doug hit in on the head with Gallo Blanco.  My family is a huge critique when it comes to guacamole and margaritas.  Everyone gave it two thumbs up and if they had 3 thumbs, they would have put the third up too!  The guac has oranges in it . . . something i never would have thought of, might even scoffed at but truly loved!  the portion is quite big so makes it great for a full table of hungry eaters!The sangria is perfect and I heard the margaritas are better then anything my native phoenician family has had in Phoenix!  A reason to go back.  The pork tacos are divine as is their presentation and $2 price tag!  Way to keep it cheap, Doug!  I also loved the elote.  I didn't think i could eat the whole ear when it arrived at my place, but apparently, my eyes are too small for my stomach!  So yummy.
5	I can't believe I found this place a month before I move to the other side of the world. Lame. I'll have to visit again before I get on the plane. The cochinitas sandwich... it is the pork to end all pork, my friends. So sweet and succulent with little crunchy bits.... mmmmm! And the chocolate pudding thing... mwah *kissy fingers* P.S. I hate eating in the dark, but this was worth it.
4	Ok let me start off by saying I have eaten at the clarendon kitchen before it was thankfully demolished. My gf got such bad food poisoning she was barfing in a Harkins Loyelty cup on the freeway, because she couldnt make it to pull over. After emtying it several times out the window to refill it, she had a cold sweat for the rest of the night.I think she lost like 4 lbs and she is super tiny to begin with so by the next day she was skeletor... So naturally I was jealous, not really, but kinda.. no I kid, but seriously... So enough background on the horror this spot was. At first we were leary but when we arrived it was completely open and gutted, you could see the kitchen which for a germy like me that is a beautiful thing. The menu is small and slightly hard to read at first. We ordered the guacamole before I realized it was 7 bucks. When we got it it looked like the chunks would be too big for my gf liking (because I micro manage how she eats) after one bite this shit was definatly the best guac Ive had, for real. I heard about the mandarines which I actually hate, so I was a skeptic.. no it was delicious. I got beef tacos which were melt in your mouth. the veggie was pretty good but had mushrooms, I fucking hate mushrooms. Those sick ass little horse pissed on poop bi products. Aside from the mushrooms it was very tasty, i would get them again minus the poopy shrooms. Oh the best part is they serve the coke in a can and its a buck... finally someone gets that its a joke to charge 2.50 for a fucking soda.Awesome job, Ill be coming back to try some breakfast or hang out and try that beer you doctor up. If you ever ate at clarendon kitchen , dont be scared its nothing like that nightmare !!!!
4	Gallo Blanco is a winner and the reviews below say as much. What I didn't see and wish to comment upon;Pros-Amazingly tasty sangria, maybe the best in town; really fresh ingredients; prices that won't break the bank and special food.Cons-the tacos are great but is there any sort of labeling you could do to designate which tacos are which? And service...please don't pull the chips off the table when we're still drinking our second sangria, especially if the restaurant is not full and no one is waiting for our table...the place is LOUD, concrete floors and windows don't help, maybe a bit of sound dampening via wall hangings or something?
4	So this place was recommended to me by Dallas G which carries with it a special distinction all its own.  The first time I was forced to get the elote callejero which is a gigantic corn on the cob with seasonings and cotija cheese all over it.  Fucking delightful.However, the watermelony water that I was forced to get was not good.  It's some drink that they have that I would not recommend to anyone.So the next time we went I had the corn again and a torta, which is basically a sandwich with this unbelievably savory bread.  Like I've been to five or so different spanish speaking countries now and a torta pretty much means something different in each one, but this was ridiculously good.So on the merits of the two food items I've gotten I give five glorious stars, brought back to earth by the crappy drink.  Four stars.  Go there, get the food, skip the watermelon goo and you will have a truly delightful meal.
4	First visit  last night. Very happy to see something great go into the Clarendon. Cool to see that little burst of red popping out the front with the glass hinting at people and activity inside. There will be more visits!FOODDig the simple menu. More places should try this: find a few things to make very well, and execute on them. Keep it simple. Add more only as you can do so without lessening the consistency and quality of your core menu.So far, only had the tacos. They were fresh-tasting, well-seasoned and overall, delicious. A little on the sweet side, but the balance was there. Only critique is to echo that maybe the little metal radiators, while effective at display and containment of tacos, might be dissipating the heat of the food too quickly. Some other more insular, less conductive material might be a better (more expensive?) approach.Definitely trying the tortas with egg next time.DRINKSmall, but interesting selection. Started with the Madre cocktail. Very fresh grapefruit/citrus flavor. No extra sweetener detected. Also, no vodka detected; but that could be my Irish liver or the power of fresh-squeezed juice. Next a glass of Lo Brujo - bright, minerally refreshing Spanish white. Enough citrus to balance out the mineral and the body.Both beverages were excellent summer fare.Updates to follow :-D
4	I dig this place, I really do, but the portions are small. They do make up for it  by packing a straight kick to your man or woman pleaser with zesty flavors. I didn't dig the guacamole-too much salt, but loved, loved, loved the chips that came with it. The place is quite spacious and modern with featured art on the walls. I went for dinner so the lighting was minimal giving the place a sexy, urban feel to it. The kind of lighting that makes you wonder if the people are really this good looking? Or is the lighting really just this good??? The carne asada beef tacos were divine. Really moist and succulent with just enough spice to make your taste buds tingle. Two is hardly enough, so we also tried the fish tacos and well, I could smell the fishiness from across the table which makes me a little uncomfortable. I did try it, though and it was okay. Not too fond of anything that tastes or smells too fishy. Reminds me of unsanitized, dirty, dirty girls. (Haha, had to throw in a visual for you all!)My favorite plate was the ensalada cortada. I loved all the ingredients mixed in together, especially the corn nuts. Genius idea! For drinks, I had the la sangria. Fruity, refreshing, and light tasting. It was really good, but I passed it on to my date in hopes of taking advantage of him later on. Almost worked, but when we got to the normally secluded rooftop @ the Clarendon hotel, they were hosting a social gathering of some sort with lots of people. Damn. Should've drank my sangria. Oh well...another day since I will most definitely be back for some more Gallo Blanco. I can't wait to try their breakfast menu!
5	Carne asada torta+over easy egg=redemption.I now get why there are so many Gallo Blanco lovers out there. Thanks for making me one of them. It was too big for me to eat in one sitting and filled the to-go container almost to capacity, and I actually devoured half of it.
4	Carne Asada Torta topped with two fried eggs and sliced avocado. Good lord, what a great and tasty idea. Tried it, loved it, would do it again.
2	Since the first time I have visited GB, it has warmed up quite a bit--- I am not certain they have the proper A/C unit for this space..... seriously, it was an OVEN in there multiple times this summer.  So these 2 stars are just for the SWAMPY feeling and massive heat stroke I nearly experienced in GB.   I will not be returning until AFTER the summer....
4	I'm not a huge fan of guac, but Gall Blanco showed me that there's delicious guac to be had. Nom nom. The other "oh my gosh" find was the corn. Who thought that someone would order corn on the cob as an appetizer? If I didnt before, I do now. Delicious!Big thanks to Gallo Blanco for hosting the "kiteup"; aka get-together with about 50 Brightkite users. It was indeed warm inside, but with that many people crammed into a small space, it'd be hard to expect otherwise.
5	Talkin bout fooood, talkin bout issues that are very delicious...  I say, ok, I summoned Barry Gibb for a minute.  I absolutely LOVE this place! Went for dinner with some friends to check it out and I'm thoroughly impressed. We each ordered a different drink: Michelada, Margarita, and White Sangria.  The spicy salt rim on the Michelada just rocked. Very refreshing in this summer heat. The sangria was well balanced and not overly sweet, and the Margarita was tits on... Starting with the corn, rolled in delicious cotija cheese and smoked paprika, we were wishing there were more than one cob, but managed to share nicely...Then the guacamole: Fresh, savory, and an ample portion to dip our freshly made tortilla strips... And since there were just the 3 of us, we ordered 3 of each of their tacos. Pork, Beef and Fish.  Everything marinated in its own unique sauce and perfectly tender, seasoned, just exquisite.  Great atmosphere, unpretentious, wonderful attention to detail both in ingredients and plating, and extremely reasonable prices. It's become my favorite place to pop in, if just to grab some of that amazing guac or a couple tacos to go...maybe a Michelada to take by the pool...If I can manage to wake up early enough, I'm very much looking forward to trying the breakfast..
4	EDGY MEXICAN CON SAVOR. Chicharron of grilled cheese, "green" rice, Grilled Chicken, Sangria. Cock a doodle DOO! White Rooster is a jewel. --revamped spot has finally found the right groove. Sealed concrete and faux Herman Miller with unique modern touches. --"chicharron" of grilled cheese is a must have. No flaky pig skin here, and you'll want to order another on righ away. --fresh ingredients throughout, down to the authentic flavorings of the real Mexican queso fresco atop the beans. --asado of the chicken asado preserves delightful juicyness of the meat troughout each delectable crispy bite--"green" rice topped with wonderful limed greens--New York steak was not filet mignon, but hard to find fault with the flavor packed in those grilled veggies. --cheeseburger fresh and greasy good covered with more of that delicious cheese mix--banana crepes were simple and elegant dolloped with creme fresh--fresh fruit is more of the garnish from the  sangria cocktails. How'd he know I wanted more of exactly that?!--menu somewhat small, but that kitchen is tiny. Quality over quantity any day. --exposed surfaces make for a noisy atmosphere, not the quiet candlelight spot--server Daniel is always on top of it--chef often visits the dining room making sure every chair and every fork is in placeI can't wait to go back.
5	I was going between a four and a five until I remembered the grilled ear of corn covered in cotija cheese and smoked paprika i ate just 30 minutes ago... and got all woozy again...then the '5' won out! The cochinita and carne asada tacos were also delicious.  The citrus marinade on the carne asada makes for tasty meat I mus' say!  The bean, also with cotija cheese, were solid and lumpy with whole and partial beans, just the way I like my beans.  Can't stand those put thru a blender or food processor or something to remove any need for teeth to eat them.  If I could just have gotten a nice cold tangy jamaica (hibiscus flower) drink, I would have just floated out of the place a few minutes ago on a cloud.. As it was, the buck 25 Americano was a nice end to things.. Get some friends, get some money and go  now!
5	Wow the Gallo Blanco Cafe is my new favorite place to hang in Phoenix.The name of the game is Carne Asada.  The two dollar Carne Asada are the best food value in phoenix period, so much flavor and sooo yummy!  Not only that but the drinks here are generous and delicious both.Ambiance is modern bright and cheery and the staff is friendly and attentive.  Two thumbs up from me!
4	went there tonight - great GREAT Carne Asada tacos!! Guac. was pretty tasty - different tho with pineapple.  Waiter was awesome, friendly service and prompt.  I'd go back and try the corn on the cob and have more carne asada !  It has a nice atmosphere although it's inside a hotel - it still feels like it's own place.
4	"It's like a jungle sometimes, It makes me wonder, How I keep from going under..."hopefully Gallo Blanco doesn't go under anytime soon..this spot has been the home of many failstraunts, you know..the places that just can't hang. i really hope more for wee lil' Gallo Blanco.the menu is straight forward, not overly complicated with too many items to choose from. really easy to fall in love with the simplicity. the 2.00 tacos are really good. and if i ate fish, i could try to settle the long lasting debate on if PHX really has Culture or not...fated by Fish Tacosbut alas, that question still lingers. i can say tho..that if culture was fated on Pork or Beef tacos then i could confidently say that PHX has mad culture. cause the tacos here are awesome. 2 bucks for 3 bites of a fully loaded soft corn tortilla. totally money well spent.the corn on the cob is freaking amazing. i don't typically order corn on the cob in restaurants because i don't want to be picking corn out of my teeth while having dinner conversation...but these...these right here..these right here are totally worth it. get all that corn up in your chompers and enjoy.4 stars for great food, comfortable atmosphere.i took a star from the bland horchata and semi remote location.
5	Awesome carne asada, veggie taco and just about everything else.  Delicious and very easy on my wallet.
5	I live across the street from Gallo Blanco and yoouuuu don't...na na na na na naaaaa! So I've yelped the delicious tacos and creamy, lumpy, salty beans and even the mango beverage I had last month that I wanted to swim in...and now I have to say I would sell my mother to the North Korean's (I hear they have two openings for hard labor camp) for the AMAZING corn on the cob and the chocolate pudding. Every time I eat the chocolate pudding, and let's not fool ourselves my yelpitas, it has been several, several times, I conjure up a particular scene from the American Pie movie. Nuff said.
4	Open, bright and clean are what come to mind first.. extremely friendly staff and plenty of parking were a huge plus! I wish I hadn't eaten 5 of my moms homemade tacos before I ventured here. Their menu had so many delicious options! First of all, I never thought to douse corn on the cob with cheese and paprika and I'm kind of pissed it took this long to find a place that has because, omfg it's the most amazingly delicious simple culinary treat. This is what I started with and I seriously could have eaten a whole maze of it. TRY IT. Next came the veggie torta, which I shared. I could marry that bread. So fluffy and yummy and the veggies had a wonderful flavor too. . At this point I had reached stomach capacity, so onto the bourbon! They did had some interesting drink options, but I was just in the mood for the usual. I am excited to go back and try more dishes, which have gotten rave reviews, then possibly take a plunge in the Clarendon pool which is apparently open to the public! Free towels & lotions included. Score!
4	Wow, I can't believe our complete delight at finding this wonderful little bar/restaurant. The food was fabulous and the drinks were amazing!  We had the chicken, the small homemade tacos, the corn on the cob (outstanding and unbelievalbe) and again- the CREATIVE, yummy drinks!  For desert I got the french fries so I could indulge on more of the sauce.  So terrific and so relaxing.  The only downside was the price and the service.  It's swamped on a Friday and the service was outstandingly kind, eager to please, warm and inviting...just busy.  And the prices were great for the food, but a tad on the high side for drinks. Of course, we had the house specialties! :-)
5	I tried the fish taco, pork taco, and the fish torta, all 3 were fabulous. DH & I can't wait to go back and try the breakfast, the tacos, and the corn. The pork tacos were amazing! Prices were reasonable we had 4 tacos & 1 fish torta for $23 tip included.
3	Get the burger and fries I really enjoyed it. The only thing about the burger was I think the buns were from Fry's. Roof top is cool met some fun ppl. The night I went,  there was a lesbian convention and I got a couple mean stears besides that I would go back.
5	I'm surprised I forgot to updates this review, as much as I love it here.  My favorite entree is still the Naco Torta, with an egg lightly fried over beef, with a pico de gallo sauce and thin slices of avocado on their fluffy white bun - messy, but a delicious sandwich.  i've not had a single item on the menu let me down - the guac is amazing, the corn to die for, the chips crispy, hearty, and not too salty, and the salsas are almost enough to keep me dipping in their bowls instead of eating the guacamole.  a note - they raised the prices on the beef and fish tacos by fifty cents.  still a great place to eat.
5	My new favorite spot!   I've been in-search-of a great relaxing CenPho Sunday breakfast spot, ever since Palatte closed (as I may have mentioned in just about every review lately, sorry)... and I think I've finally found it!   Oh my gosh the Huevos Rancheros are lovely - just the right balance of egg, cheese and salsa, with perfect little slices of advocado too.  Yum.   I don't eat meat but the kitchen happily left the chorizo out of the Egg Torta - this is such a yummy egg sammy!   Bowl of granola and yogurt - all fresh and chock full of yummyness!   They'll serve breakfast items all day if you want; and I haven't done it yet but I'm told I could get just your basic eggs cooked anytime I want, too. I've also been there quite a few times for other meals.   Absolute crave-memory formed immediately for the "eco friendly" fish tacos... at only $2.50 a piece, I was full with only two of them!   I've also tried the "Elote Callejero" - $5 - ("street corn", I guess?) it's amazing -perfectly charred corn on the cob, lightly coated with white cotija cheese.   Served with a sharp steak knife, carefully slice the kernals off onto the plate and scoop them up - yummy!  The flavors  immediately sent me to this wonderful camping trip, sitting around the fire, pulling food off the outdoor grill... ahhhh! Please go !  It's never been very busy when I've been there and this is a gem, we need to keep it in business!
5	So at one time my friend, Sara and I used to have a certain gripe that we hadn't found a go to restuarant whenever we found ourselves in an indecisive debacle of where to have dinner... lo and behold we have found our spot and that's Gallo Blanco! *yay* okay and FEZ which is still dear to my heart is on same footing as well *who can beat those yummy cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries?* But I digress... anywho, why am I in love with Gallo Blanco? Well folks it's simply because I love their guacamole with it's mandarin citrus intermingled within the guac, the OMG so delicious tortilla chips that are crunchy and crispy and just YUM, and the chicharron de queso... OH who can pass up fried cheese with their aji aioli... oh dios mio!Apart from the ridiculously sexy appetizers that alone are just hot, like victoria secret angel hot, the Cochinita  (yes, I capitalized it because it deserves it!) is the torta that I want as part of my last meal if ever I find myself on death row or waiting for the impending destruction of the world whichever comes first... meh. Anywho this pork torta had me at first bite... totally in amor with it! why? the pork is soooooooo tender and make sure you get it with fried egg layered with the avocado slices... I haven't had a sandwich that good... ok maybe the FEZ burger or the delux turkey burger. The meat is so good that when it falls out you just have to pick it up and eat it coz you don't want to waste perfectly good meat... DAMN! So yea... the cochinita and the guac are reasons alone to head out to Gallo Blanco, a true gem in the cenpho dining scene!
5	I have been looking for my go to place in Phoenix for a while...you know those days when you want something good to eat, but nothing sounds good? I am happy to say that I have now I have found my go to place...when the question comes up of where I want to eat...they don't even have to ask! Gallo Blanco here I come! To start, the appetizers are amazing, the chicharron de queso....i mean if you love cheese, hello! and the amazing Aiolo, my only complaint...there isn't enough aioli! And the guac...who would have thought that fruit in my guac would be good, but it was amazing also! The Naco Torta....is honestly one of the most flavorful and orgasmic experiences i have ever had....just get it once and you will be hooked. Quite frankly I feel sorry for anyone who doesn't eat beef, because you are seriously missing out!! They have amazing tacos, and their burger rocks too....but until i am totally sick of the torta...i will not be going back.....If you are a yelper... trust me!?!?!? You must eat here!!!!!!!!
5	I mostly concur with the positive reviews, i just feel compelled to battle the nimrods who haven't gotten it.  I have eaten here more than a half dozen times.  Not a single disappointment.  The pork torta?  Three consecutive times, all fantastic.  Naco torta, satisfying and delicious.  Side vegetables?  Fresh and well cooked.  You could choose to find fault with the layout of the place or the casualness of service.  I choose to do neither of those things, as I am not a difficult Wang-slave.  Eat and enjoy the food, that is the only relevant thing here.
5	This isn't your typical Mexican restaurant that puts cheese and sour cream on everything. The food here is light, simple, and fresh. We started out with the guacamole which was amazing. My sister doesn't even like mandarin oranges but it tasted so good in the guacamole she was eating it like it was going out of style. The salsa that came with it was the bomb. One was a spicy red salsa and the other one was a tomatillo salsa. The green one was so good I wanted to drink it. I ordered the chorizo and eggs and my sister ordered a couple of tacos with rice and beans. Everything tasted great and I even had room for dessert after my meal. We had some kind of carmel, banana, crepe thing. It doesn't look like much but it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. Gallo Blanco is my new obsession.
4	I really enjoy Gallo Blanco, whether it's for brunch or lunch/dinner.Is it a perfect experience? No way... not by any means. But it is a much better effort than what we all had to endure with C4 , Clarendon Kitchen, etc... Nothing seemed to stick.I will say I did not enjoy being dropped on by condensation from an AC unit a few weeks ago, but that is neither here nor there, because of our large party, and because I did not formally complain to the server/management.Every other experience has been how I like it. Servers seem a little new and lacking confidence so far. But overall, I like it. The food is decent. Not excellent, but done pretty well -- everything from the elotes to the guacamole.I especially enjoy the brunch and the value of it. Are you really serious? $5 brunch with chorizo egg and refried beans, done just right?!  Breakfast and dinner tortas served on soft bolillos are done decently here, although the crust could be a little more tough.Tacos are priced just right, cooked well and are worth the $2.50 each! Can't decide if I like the fish or the carnitas better. Anyhow, decide for yourself.
5	I've been to Gallo Blanco twice and had great experiences both times. The first time was for dinner and I tried the elote and tacos. The elote callejero was fantastic and a departure from usual Mexican fare. I loved the cojita cheese on it. The tacos are not the standard large tacos, but are smaller and are more like street tacos. They're also very reasonably priced, so two or three can make for a great main course.The second time I ate at Gallo Blanco was for brunch with a large group (20+ people) and the food and service was excellent once again. Our server was very patient and accommodating, splitting checks in various ways and dealing with late arrivals. The food was also great; I had huevos rancheros with over-medium eggs and I was pleased. The eggs were cooked just right and I loved the thicker tortillas. Combined with a flavorful chili sauce, the huevos rancheros made for a great start to my day.Finally, I'm really thrilled with Gallo Blanco's focus on using local vendors, especially Cartel Coffee Lab's coffee. I'm a big fan of Cartel, and I'm happy that I can get a great cup of coffee with my breakfast.
5	This was my first visit to Gallo Blanco and I must say I was beyond impressed. Servcie was incredible, especially when you consider the party I was with. It was 20+ people that all wanted split checks (this does not happen anywhere I know of), arrived at different times and why were all chatting it up with everybody. Generally this leads to horrible service. But the crew at Gallo Blanco was stellar. We even got a stop by visit from Doug Robson who is the owner, he seen we were having a tweetup and just wanted to make sure we were ok. I had the Egg torta which was egg, chorizo, guacamole and some other ingredients on the typical torta bread. This was a perfect choice for my morning. I am not sure the names of what everybody else got but I heard no complaints. The mimosa with fresh squeezed OJ was very delicious. Great venue, great location, great service ~ A+ in my book.
4	Here are a list of things I have tried and loved since my first visit here:~White Sangria - loaded with tons of fruit, just like I like it.~ Huevos Rancheros - despite the fact that the first one they brought out had runny egg whites,  they took it back and prepared my meal correctly, and I was pleased.~Chilaquiles Verdes - I liked this best of all the dishes I tried at #smunch.~Elote Callejero- ie: smothered corn.. You cant not love it.. its just too good.~Margaritas - one of the best i've had in town! They are strong!Here are a list of things that I hated:~Pineapple Picoso - it had muddled red pepper in it too, which was a disgusting combo that I hated and do not recommend to anyone.~Cantaloupe Spiked Water thing... Chad S. loved it, I think it's not so good.~ $7 guacamole..  my plate of breakfast was cheaper than that!Anyway, I dig this place, for the most part.
4	Gallo Blanco doesn't serve a bad breakfast, but I'm not sure I'd rush back. Just not really my style. My rating was a 3.5 but I'm rounding up to 4 because of how awesome the staff was with out table of 20+ on Saturday morning. We were able to get separate checks and no one's orders or bills were screwed up at the end. Everything was also pretty much delivered on time and as wanted. The mimosa was delightful and the Chilaquiles Verdes was delicious. It had just the right amount of heat and was the perfect amount of food to keep me full for awhile without being full in a sick to my stomach way.I do wish they'd offer black beans as well as the standard refried. Then I may have not had such a hard time figuring out what I wanted. There was almost nothing left by the time I eliminated refried beans.On another note, Gallo Blanco also runs the rooftop bar and last night the bartender made a great suggestion on mango vodka, sprite, and simple syrup. It was a total win and one of my new favorite drinks.
4	Today was my first time here.  Yes, I know, I am a Big AL(big-ass loser.  You'd know this if you've ever taught middle/high school).  Anyway, I was meeting up with Tony, aka Lightrailblog for a late lunch.  I knew I wanted the elote.  I've been hearing everyone scream about the damn elote for months.  I started out with an iced tea (I am an iced tea FREAK!) that was flavored - I think mango.  Then I got an Arnold Palmer.  This was the BEST AP I've EVER had!  (Sorry, FEZ!)  It was made with freshly-squeezed lemonade and was plenty tart.  I also had huevos ranchers.  I like that they asked how I wanted my eggs cooked.  I HATE fully-cooked yolks.  Unless it's a hard-boiled egg, then it kinda has to be that way.  Came with a side of refried beans.  The salsa on top was awesome and not store-bought.  Server, Steven ("Esteban") was awesome...as soon as he figured out that everything I said was a joke. I mean, come on, am I *really* gonna put my ice cubes on your nipples?  Well, not in public, and not until you buy me dinner.  HA!Downfall:  THE FLIES!!!!  There were at least 4 flying around our table.  *shudder*
5	Our menu:ChilaquilesEgg torteFresh squeezed orange juiceSodaEverything was amazing, and we spent less than $25. Friendly waitstaff, quick service, fun ambiance. The salsa verde on the chilaquiles is the best I've had in Phoenix. I subbed egg whites for the poached egg, and they were fluffy and perfect.The fresh squeezed OJ is so fresh that it's like sucking an orange. At $6, the large is more expensive than some meals, but it was totally worth it.Gallo Blanco buys meat from The Meat Shop, and that means spicy, fresh chorizo and other pork straight from the hog. I will eat here every chance I get.
5	Hands down, this place has the best fish tacos to ever cross my lips when I was not within spitting distance of the ocean.  Grilled, fresh fish, with a really tasteful guacamole, sauce, and just the right amount of cabbage.Tortas are pretty good, too - their vegetarian torta is actually good - stuffed to the brim with a variety of veggies, instead of the usual lechuga-aguacate-tomate nightmare.GB's french fries, surprisingly, are incredible.  You get a big plate of fresh fries, with a delectable garlic aioli.  Aioli seems to be one of those things these days - like the panini a few years ago - where people try to pretend they are classy by throwing some garlic in some mayo and calling it aioli, but this aioli actually kicks.Ditto for the quesadillas.  Perfection!Horchata here is housemade (I believe), and isn't the sugar-water that so many of us love from Rancho or Filly B's - it's good, but if you want something sweet to swig, go for one of their smoothies, instead, which are fresh and delicious.
5	I had been hearing about this place for quite some time now so I had to see what all the hype was about.  Oh what a time I had!  This restaurant located on the bottom floor of the hippest hotel in Central/ Midtown Phoenix sure doesn't feel like a typical boring hotel eatery.Upon walking in I noticed the exposed beams and concrete flooring which added a sense of urbanity.  Definitely had the laid back, cool vibe I really wasn't expecting.  I really just thought this was just some Mexican restaurant that I had to try.And as far as the food...oh wow...I had the Carne Asada Beef Torta and chips & salsa.  The torta(aka sandwich) oozed with local and fresh flavors that were well put together.  Chips were crisp, warm, and delightful.  The different choices of salsa were not typical of other Mexican restaurants and all were flavorful making me to want to eat every chip.Great food, concept  and location.  This place will do well and I will be back many times to try other items to see if they are as great as what I have already had.
5	Yum!!  Fresh flavors, great service, moderate price.  Can't wait to bring my mom here when she visits Phoenix next time!
3	It was great at our first meeting....fish tacos while lounging by the pool, but even better when we experienced the restaraunt full service. Last night I finally made it to the Gallo Blanco for a sit down dinner with bri; it has since become my favorite american-mexican  restaraunt. The food has an american twist on the old favorites like the fish taco, guacamole and then adds a salad with a citrus vinegarette and pumpkin seeds, hicama, tortilla strips; which was delicious! I wanted to order another one. The savory taste of the roasted pumpkin seeds left my mouth singing with joy. I can't wait to eat it again.....soon. The tacos are served on a taco party tray...its a fiesta in itself. I had the fish tacos, which for this day was Ahi tuna-lucky for me, porque es mi favorita; but on a sour note-when the server announced the fish in the fish taco, not the noted menu item, she never announced the price increase. I didn't mind paying the extra $2.00 but she should have disclosed the price increase  too. The tacos are on soft shell, last time they tasted like the tortillas were homemade, but i couldn't tell ya so this time. The red cabbage is an american twist gone great! I normally don't enjoy the white sauce on fish tacos, but i think this one might have had a citrus twist and i didn't mind it at all. The ahi tuna was lighty seared to perfection! It was bright red and melted in my mouth like straight BUTTAH! Bri ordered the pork tacos and beef tacos, but i stuck with the Ahi. The sides are served ala carte here, which is very amerrican. The beans were great with the tortilla strips, which tasted like they were made in house. I also liked the roasted tomato salsa. It was so spicy and flavorful, not much tomato, just how i like it! One thing i definitely didn't enjoy, but get the joke (green tomatoes in stead of red tomatoes are definitely american) was the rice. It was a cross between soft, fluffy and hard sticky rice (that from the bottom of the pan when you leave the pot on the stove, then scrap it) served mixed with a tomatillo salsa made with too much onion.....very weird! That was one rice, where once is enough, next time i'll just have to order two salads and more tacos lol!Guacamole ala americano served with their thick tortilla chips. It came with big hunked halfs of avocado, which i cut up into cubes, and a citrus salsa, which weirdly enough had grapefruit slices in whole slivers. A little too much onion and fruit for me, but it was still tasty. I'll definitely order this again.The sangria was a little cup of heaven. It was perfect. Not too sweet, not too much liquor, not too bitter and laden with diced fruit. Our service was great as well! There was always a server around; asking about the food, knowing when not to interupt. That is superb service, they are around and available, but not hoovering. The decor is very fun. I loved the strips on my chair. We sat in the window at a tall table with a perfect view of the uptown highrise buidlings. We sat with a beautiful backdrop, spanish music enveloping the room and a delicious twist on the food i grew up with, making it exactly the way i wanted it, just wish the spanish rice brought me home....oh well ya can't win them all. I'll definitely be back much more and soon.
5	Gallo Blanco, is plain and simply my favorite restaurant in town.  the combination of AMAZING food for breakfast, lunch. dinner or late night nosh, organic modern decor, attentive service and laid back vibe.The elote callajero (cob of grilled corn topped with paprika & cotija cheese) is close to gastronomic perfection as I've tasted in a long while. The chicharron de queso, (basically a lattice of fried cheese) if further proof of perfection in simplicity.Their tacos are amazing as well.. basically two bite morsels of deliciousness.  While small, they are also cheap at $2-3 a piece.  3 or 4 of them make a great meal, especially when paired with the elote.To me however, where Gall Blanco shines is the tortas.  Don't be surprised by their rather plain presentation.  The Naco Torta (roast beef and fried egg), is my favorite, although the Conchinita (braised pork) is a close second.  Breakfast/brunch is also amazing.  The huevo rancheros is the best I've ever had, and their Chilaqules verde is divinity on a plate according to my wife. I haven't tried their entrees/house specials or desserts yet, but if the rest of their menu is any indication, you won't be disappointedI would be remiss if I didn't mention their bar as well, as this is a great place to hang out.   The inside bar is adjacent to the restaurant and shares that same organic modern decor.  Where Gallo Blanco (and the Clarendon)really shines, however, is their pool and rooftop area. Sitting poolside, you are transported to another world, with soothing waterfalls surrounding a pool decked out in modern multicolored tile mosaics.  The rooftop brings you back to midtown Phoenix in a hurry, as it is nested behind the mid tower high rise corridor, but offers great views of the city skyline with the mountains in the background.  if you time it right, it is a great place place to watch a sunset, or during monsoon season, the storms that ring the valley. Whether you are sitting by the pool, or taking in the sunsets on the rooftop, be sure to order a Michalada, a refreshing combination of Tecate beer, fresh lime juice with a spiced salted rim.  If wine is more you style, the sangrias (both white and red) are among the best in the valley.In addition to the food and drinks, Gallo Blanco offers live music a few times a week, as well as an amazing modern take on mariachi/flamenco music and dancing every second Wednesday evening. They also have a pretty amazing Halloween party and a great New Years bash..all in all, Gallo Blanco has taken the Claredon's cool midtown vibe from a fun place to visit once in a while, to a weekly haunt -- no mean feat in an area with it's share of funky restaurants and cool places to hang out.
5	Visiting from Boston, I was excited to try some Southwestern food out in the Southwest. This place did not disappoint!Located in the Clarendon Hotel, the restaurant has the same loud, hip vibe. Drinks are fantastic and reasonably priced. I had each of the tacos in the taqueria menu- fish, pork, carne asada and veggie. Mmmm mmmm good! The fish was fresh and light, the pork melted in my mouth, the carne asada had a heavenly marinade, and the veggies were so fresh!This place was so fantastic I've come back two more time in a 36 hour span! The second time around, I tried the guacamole- truly the best I've ever had. The last time I went, I had the salad. You should know that you can ask for any meat on the salad, even though it's not listed that way on the menu. Phenomenal salad- one of the best I've had (I know I've said that a lot but for this place it's not hyperbole). Already looking forward to my fourth visit tomorrow!
4	Great food and cool ambiance but it fails in the realm of "bang for the buck".  I can get a really good and substantially bigger taco at the right street vendor in town or I can get a better, albeit three times pricier at a 1/3rd the size, taco here. It's a question of economic utility here.   By the way, I like your bathroom.
5	Two words.  Naco Torta.  O.M.G.
5	so, i finally had my experience. the best food, i have eaten, thus far in my life. i literally couldnt even handle the amazingness of the cochinita. it was, well, amazing.while eating the elote i kept saying shut up. but no one was talking? thats how good it was. my friend asked if it was for real.  both of our faces were covered in corn juice and our teeth full of corn bits. oh, yes, it is for real. the service was awesome too. our waiter was so great. he let me 'taste' the agua frescas. ummm YUM! we ordered the chips and salsa too- the bomb dot com for sure. i need to go like everyday. and i will. jk i wont but i'll think about it daily.
5	Now during the mornings, they have THE MOST DELICIOUS pancakes I've ever had in my life!   Now: every day, 9 am to 11 am only.      See ya there.   I'm the one in the corner, reading on my Kindle.  Come say hi!  ; )
5	The best food I have had at any restaurant in Phoenix regardless of style or price. The atmosphere is great. The prices are more than reasonable. The only negative thing I can think to say is that the menu is limited. But better to do a few things well than a bunch of stuff poorly.
3	The Friday after Thanksgiving we needed to have something other than Turkey. Mexican sounded awesome. The reviews for Gallo Blanco sounded equally awesome.  So, we jumped in the car and made the 20 minute drive from Glendale. The menu looked as good as described on Yelp. It was 10:20 and we had each picked an appetizer and a main course.  This was going to be an expensive breakfast/lunch.The waitress came over to ask if we knew what we wanted to order.  She acted like we were inconveniencing her. The restaurant only had 3 or 4 tables so I wrote the attitude off to the fact she was having to work the day after Thanksgiving. We began by ordering two of the Yelper's recommended appetizers. The waitress immediately scowled and said they were only serving breakfast (which consisted of less than ten items and none of the highly rated appetizers). Since this completely screwed up our order, we asked for some more time. She said, "Why don't I get your drink order.". We ordered two teas. (Except for the fact it said "Breakfast served all day" on the menu, there was nothing to indicate when any of the other items on the menu would be available.)She came back and told us we could only choose from the breakfast items. They did not serve anything else for forty more minutes. A little customer service would have been nice. How about, "We are really sorry but we are a small restaurant and haven't finished the preparation of the other items. If you want to order (enter suggestion here) I will put in your order for lunch as soon as possible"Really, try a little. Act like you care. After briefly contemplating just walking out my wife and I ordered from the limited breakfast menu.  She ordered the Chile Quiles and I ordered the Chorizo and Eggs.  While we waited and enjoyed the excellent tea, we were bothered by flies.  Fortunately, the table next to us received their food order and the flies went over to their table.  Despite the rocky start, the food arrived and it was very good. In fact, it was excellent.  The hot sauce and green sauce were fantastic. I can only give three stars because of the total lack of customer service during the initial and, in my mind, crucial ordering stage.    Also, the flies were kind of gross.  The food was four stars.  I will try this place again.  But only after 11:00 a.m.
3	I finally got to try GB the other day. I really like the space it was cute and comfortable. Since it was my first time there I had hoped the staff would have been a little bit more receptive and eager to explain the menu and offer suggestions. I decided on 1 pork taco, a side of guacamole with NO Onions, since they say it's made to order, and a quesadilla. While the portions were quite small so was the price, but not the flavor. Everything was really delicious, but it was sad that my Guacamole had a ton of onions in it that had to pick out. If the waitress hadn't of waited till the end of my meal to ask me how everything was I would have complained. I would like to come back again and try some other things and hopefully get a little better service so I can add another star or two.
4	Get the Michelada to drink. It truly is more than just a tecate in a glass, it has a spiced/salted rim with fresh squeezed lime juice and some other glorious  liquid in it that I am unsure of. the small portions here are awesome, which makes this place perfect for late night drinks/snackiez.also the guacamole for $7 is worth it-- it has fruit in it or something.on the downside, shitty music, it's obvious that one of the wait staff has their mini ipod on shuffle or something, and the service kinda blows. Also, cheap decor, but really nice lighting.I am really pretentious (obviously) but I like this place a lot.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant, as has everyone I have ever taken here.  The restaurant and its staff are clean and lacking any pretensions whatsoever.  The food is as fresh as it can get (they have no freezer) and it is local.  I have never had a bad meal there and the fact that many items on the menu are gluten-free is a huge plus for me.I highly recommend the tacos Chilaquiles Verde.  The grilled vegetables superb.I work nearby and Gallo Blanco is my new go to spot for meetings with friends, family and clients.  Now, if only there was one in the Ahwatukee/Chandler area.
5	We only ended up here because Maizie's down the street closes early on Sundays, but I was very glad we did!  The restaurant is in the Clarendon hotel, which has been made into a hip little boutique hotel with an awesome pool and roof deck. The hotel and restaurant are in a pretty good location uptown, near the light rail, but you probably wouldn't be driving down Clarendon for no reason, which is exactly why I had never seen this little gem.  Anyway, Gallo Blanco's decor and atmosphere is really hip, but low-key.  The food was very good - we tried all the different tacos, the guacamole, and the steak tortas.  The torta was excellent, but not quite as good as the best steak torta ever (Barrio Cafe) because GB used soft bread that got soggy quickly.  (minor).  The little tacos were all delicious, especially the cochinitas.  I am not really a big guacamole fan, but I actually like the GB stuff, especially because it had oranges in it.  The margaritas were quite good (I guess they were second place in the Best of Phoenix comp) and they had a few local beers on tap for very cheap ($3 for 4 peaks). Overall: very cool place, with really cheap prices.
5	I want to give this place 6 stars- I LOVE IT! Firstly love how they try to locally source all their ingredients, produce ect-Secondly its not trying too hard- its not overdone or upfront, it has a nice ambiance to it that is comforting, come on in and feast your face!I ordered two carne asada steak taco, one ahi taco, and a quesadilla-- I really wanted to try the guacamole- but it was to go and didnt want to risk it going bad ect ect.The carne asada steak brought me oddly enough to the comforts of a street vendors shawarma on the best streets of any large middle eastern city- yes the spices were totally different but familiarity of the tenderness, freshly cut beef off a rotating grilling machine..... I could eat 10 of these.The fish taco was good, but nothing extraordinary, tasted slightly mayonaise-y, Im not a cheese person and the quesadilla was good especially with the salsa.I would love to go back to this place more frequently!
5	This is a "5 stars in its category" not "5 stars among all restaurants." it's categories are:1. cheap very casual cafes 2. gourmet but not haute cuisine mexican (e.g., not your local grimy Tacqueria, but not your over-priced "fusion" place either).Here is what I had.  The quantity alone testifies to its excellence.  Asterisks after the stuff that really blew me away: - Elote Callejeroe*- Guac- Chorizo- 4 tacos: Cochinita, Carne Asada* (2), Veggie** (WOW)- Postre de Chocolate*- the Tecate and lime drink
5	We've since gone back a few times, and I have to say they have one of the best burgers in Phoenix.  And the cheese fries are great, too!
3	I love how this restaurant uses local sources.  The menu however is very limited.  I really wished that there were more chicken items offered on the menu.  I did try the fish tacos and the arroz verde...very delicious!  The Madre, an orange vodka drink, was very refreshing and I could drink these all day!!!
4	I had the pleasure of eating at Gallo Blanco for dinner and, let me tell you, the tacos are DEE-LISH-OUS! I had one each of the Pork, Carne Asada and Fish and they were each fantastic in their own way. My only problem was suppressing the urge to order about 3 more EACH of them....they go down pretty easy! Luckily, we had the foresight to have the guacamole as an appetizer. Very delicious and very fresh with big chunks of avocado and slices or orange (gave it a tangy zip). Don't forget to ask for their salsa. They don't automatically bring it to the table, but it's fresh and amazing! The food was wonderful....so wonderful, in fact, that we decided to visit again for brunch. The huevos was great and for $6, you can't beat the value. Overall, Gallo Blanco will have a solid place in my brunch and casual dining rotation....very fresh, very tasty, and great value for your money.
5	Had lunch here today and liked everything about the place, from the spare decor to the incredibly fresh, flavorful food.  I had maybe the best ceviche of my life (a dining partner concurred), my friend had the chilaquiles verde which was a heavier meal but really tasty, with fried eggs on top.  Another friend had a tuna steak which was a little overcooked, but he wasn't complaining.  The atmosphere is comfortable, with exposed metal girders, nicely spaced tables, and a small bar facing the kitchen area where one could dine alone and not feel conspicuous.  Pricing is reasonable (ceviche was $10) and our server was friendly.Be sure to check out the giant photos in the hallway by the bathrooms chronicling the Don Bolles car bomb murder that took place in the parking lot in the late 70's.  A piece of national history.  Creepy, but like a train wreck, you can't look away.Highly recommended!
4	Ahh yeah, the White Rooster is soo good. I've been here a few times now and love it. Visited tonight and brought some family and friends, everyone loved it. Let me see if I can remember some of the drinks and dishes that were ordered. I'll start with me, I had to have the grilled corn appetizer, which I absolutely love (grilled corn on the cob with mexican cheese and smoked paprika) and a few tacos, carne asada and orange marinated pork - pretty freekin good. My husband ordered the chilaquiles, he thought they tasted really fresh and light. There was also an ahi tuna that looked good, some sort of mexican hamburger and a carne asada torta - reported as being pretty tasty. There were also four salsas to choose from, a good variety of spiciness and flavors, all fresh.We also had a few drinks, started with the fresh squeezed margarita (yay) and then moved on to the paloma: tequila, grapefruit, soda and fresh lime. I don't usually like grapefruit, but this was fresh and delicious! We ended with the flaaaaaaan, caramel, oh yeah, with a single cute birthday candle in it. Love the interior, rustic and cool, everyone got a kick out of the mens urinals and Dyson hand dryers. The only problem is it's noisy, I noticed this last few times I was there and tonight with 10 people it was even harder to hear, even a foot away, luckily we are a loud bunch. Overall, fresh, tasty and we also got good service. Thanks Gallo!
5	So I've only been here once, but DEFINITELY plan on coming back soon! I came to the Clarendon on NYE for their big party. I got to the hotel early I could enjoy dinner with a couple friends.I unfortunately got their a bit late so I missed the queso cicherone and guac which I heard were amazing. I had some sangria to drink and it was great. It was like drinking punch. We split some soft tacos which we intended to have as appetizers, but they were sssoooo good we ordered many more and had them as our meal. We first ordered a few each of the pork belly, carnitas and carne asada tacos. They were so good but our favorite was definitely the carne asada. Perfectly seasoned and cooked they needed nothing more than a dab of their spiciest salsa for a little extra oomph. I could have eaten them all day, but alas we had some partying to do.Another important aspect to any meal is the quality of service and the service here was definitely great!I can't wait to come back
3	I went there because my mexican friend told me that they have delicious tacos. Well they are okay, nothing to exciting or original about the menu... However they made really good drinks, the sangria and La paloma margarita highly suggested but don't expect great food. I might go back just for the drinks...
5	Great Service, Excellent Food, Good Beer, Great Coffee, and its falling distance from where I live. Its hard not to just love the hell out of this place so I don't.Walked in for lunch and was greeted warmly and quickly. Asked for recommendations and the Tacos came my way with Chips and Guacamole. The beer was deliciousness and I see that Cartel provides the coffee.
4	I'll keep it quick since this place has no shortage of real reviews.  The carne asada torta, for just a simple sandwich, was mind blowing.  There was so much flavor packed into a little wrapped sandwich that looked lonely on an oversized plate, I didn't take a drink of water for a few minutes after I finished, just enjoying the aftertaste.
4	Today was my first visit to Gallo Blanco for breakfast/brunch.  For the price, I love this place.  I like to ride my scooter on weekends, and this place is casual enough that I don't feel guilty showing up in jeans and a beanie.  I shared an order of fresh made guacamole with my scooter gang buddy, and ordered the juevos rancheros.  Yummy!  As was the melon juice drink.  Add this restaurant to your list of "breakfast" places, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this place. The tacos are spectacular, especially the vegetable tacos. The guacamole is unrivaled (sorry Barrio, yours is great, Gallo's is better). They have real masa chips, not cheap tortilla chips. The place is also beautiful, great views of downtown and it's nestled by the lobby of the hip Clarendon hotel. The service is typically very good. I can't complain, they get it all right. I haven't tried their breakfast yet, but that's on my to-do list.
5	I didn't really want to write this review because I like to think that Gallo is my little secret restaurant - and while I would like it to stay that way, I also want them to be successful. I think Gallo might be my favorite restaurant.  The hubs and I go all the time, take our out of town friends, family, etc. We (and no one that we have taken) have never been disappointed. Our Tucsonan friends ask to go every time they are in town (and heaven knows that Tucson isn't lacking in the fantastic Mexican fare). I am a vegetarian, and while I am predisposed to love a Mexican place that has vegetarian options, Gallo truly earns my love. The house salad is AMAZING. Perfect. It is so good, I could eat one every day. They must put crack in the dressing or something. The beans are good, fries are good, stir fried veggies are amazing. Everything I have tried is good. My husband (a non-vegetarian) has tried almost everything on the menu, and hasn't spoken an ill word about any of it. Here is where I admit that I am a hypocrite: I tried the fish tacos - halibut at the time. (Hey, I am pregnant, and I wanted a bite. I can't be denied.) Best fish ever (not that I am an expert on the subject or anything), even though I felt supremely guilty about it afterward.Anyway, I hate to encourage you to go to Gallo... so go try it, just not when I want to go, so Gallo can maintain super-secret restaurant status in my mind.
5	Ballo Blanco is fantastic!  Located within the hip Clarendon Hotel near downtown Phoenix, this is one of the best places for brunch / lunch in the $10 - $12 range.  Tacos range from $2 - $3 each with 2-3 composing an adequate amount of food for an entree.  The cochinita (pork) and Ahi (eco-friendly and the current Market Selection) tacos are my favorite but the carne asada is also good if you're in the mood for some beef instead.  The Pico Rico Burger and Naco Torta are also fantastic if you're feeling like a sandwich, the Naco being another one of my favorites.  The coffee is great, the fries are a must for $3 and I while I've yet to order the Chicharron de Queso for an appetizer it looks amazing!  The service might not be 5-stars depending on the day but they can get very busy and at the least they are always nice.  If you haven't already been to the Clarendon Hotel itself it's very cool and has a beautiful pool that's open to the public on certain days as well!
4	Been here many times and love the food and find the prices quite reasonable.    I bring friends and family here too.  The guacamole and the elote are a must have each time I come.  There isn't a bad item on the menu and the ingredients very fresh, however....The only thing we Tapatios cannot figure out is why no little botanas like chips and salsa while you are waiting for your meal.  We came for Sunday breakfast and the chorizo and eggs came with three tiny tortillas.  Though delicious, a little stingy, no?  A little more Mexican hospitality, which is what we are best known for, does not cost much.
5	5 stars for the guacamole alone. Seriously, it was amazing.My expectations for Gallo Blanco were high, based on my fellow Yelpers' reviews, and I'm so happy that all of my expectations were met. The food was simple, fresh, and unbelievably delicious. For the service I might only give 4 stars, but I think the evening was just busy.My friends and I shared the guacamole appetizer, and I really cannot rave about it enough. It is made to order and you can taste its freshness. I loved the huge chunks of avocado. It was so good that we ate it with forks once we'd run out of chips. For dinner, I had two tacos and a side of beans. One seasonal veggie taco (green cauliflower with zucchini, mushrooms, onions and pico de gallo) and one cephalopod taco (octopus). The veggies were marinated and cooked to perfection, and I was delightfully surprised with the octopus. Taking a risk and eating something different really paid off. The beans were topped with cotija and were neither too salty nor too runny. My friends had the house salad, pork taco, Pico Rico Burger, and Veggie torta and were just as pleased as I was. I spent $8 on my entree - it's hard to beat that price for such good food. Once you factor in the appetizer, drinks and tip, I spent $20 total. Not bad...not bad at all.The restaurant was loud and it was hard to hear at times, but it was a Saturday night, so I'm not going to hold it against them. A waiter could have spilt hot water all over me (he didn't) and I would still give this place 5 stars. I loved it and can't wait to go back to try their breakfast.
5	I was so impressed with all the deliciousness that Gallo Blanco at the Clarendon offered!!! I loved everything that went into my mouth at this place--all the uniquely tasting foods and drinks sent my taste buds into a wild exotic splendor!    Being a  vegetarian makes it challenging to find items that can satisfy besides the common veggies and salad... But WOW that corn on the cobb--I've never had corn that tasted so good--roasted with crumbled Mexican cheese and sprinkled with paprika...mmm mmm good! I also loved their guacamole with mandarin oranges, probably the best guacamole I've ever had in my life!!!The Cheese Crisp... okay they warned me that this wasn't a typical cheese crisp-- it came out looking like a large orange crispy cheese cone!  With no tortilla!  Just cheese that was crisped w/ a side of delicious garlic aoli to dip it in!The Manchego Salad--Very good... very different... very yum for a veggie head! The homemade ranch dressing was outstanding!The Agua Fresca--Also outstanding!  I've never had water that tasted so good!  They told me they make different melon infused water fresh every day--what a treat!  I had the honeydew agua fresca and it was probably the most refreshing thing I've ever had!  I'm looking forward to trying the watermelon next!I will most definitely be back to Gallo Blanco Cafe in the very near future!  This is my new favorite restaurant in Phoenix right now! I've already been sending many people there!  Looking forward to trying the veggie tacos next! Gallo Blanco had it all, awesome food, amazing staff and chill atmosphere... Five very big stars in my book!
2	Call me a hater, but you all are brainwashed. Edit: changed my review to two stars to be a little more fair.I will start off by saying this is by far the best restaurant the Clarendon has had yet, though that isn't saying much considering their track record. The place is very unassuming and actually has a very comfortable feel. We were absolutely confused where to go when we walked into the restaurant. You can't tell where the bar ends and the dining room begins, and they don't have a set up hostess stand (the one they have is in the middle of the room) which you can easily find. Our hostess looked at us oddly for a couple of seconds before I let her know "were here for dinner......"After being seated, our server came over and we told her it was our first time and needed her help choosing. She described everything to sound absolutely delicious so we ordered away. I started out with the Picolo, a drink made with jalapeno, tequila, lime, and muddled seasonal fruit. Sounds delicious, but this is where the night took a turn for the worst. I took a taste and just about dropped my glass and my head twitched.... it was so tart it was undrinkable. I'm a guy who likes my sour candy and sour anything, but this was almost painful to drink. I told the server and she started laughing and apparently assumed I was kidding??? I ordered three tacos, and a side of rice. I first tried the Cochinita, which I have to say was an absolutely butchered dish. Does this white boy need to go over and give lessons to you people about how to properly cook a Mexican dish? YOU DO NOT PUT GUACAMOLE ON COCHINITA PIBIL. You also don't used tough, chopped pork. You use shredded and slow roasted pork. You don't put chunks of fruit in it either. You ruined one of the greatest Mexican dishes of all time. The Carne Asada had a wonderfully textured and tender quality, but fell flat on it's face when it came to flavor, of which it had none. I tried the Ahi Tuna taco as well, which also was covered in guacamole. You can't just cover all of your food in guacamole and pass it as mexican, unless you are trying to hide a lack of skill in the kitchen. I ate my "guacos" (not tacos) begrudgingly. My girlfriend ordered the guacamole and proclaimed it to be completely average, but I'd have to say otherwise. I took a bite on a chip only to find a big chunk of orange slice. Really? People order this, and then come back and order it again? This is actually the second Mexican dish you've managed to butcher, after the cochinita pibil. I won't even start on the rice, which was not cooked properly, was covered in cilantro... and I mean COVERED, and was borderline cold. Service here is good enough, but I had the feeling the whole time that our server was simply going through the motions. When she laughed and told me she was glad I liked the drink I was complaining about, all the way to the end when she asked why we didn't finish the guacamole and couldn't understand why we weren't licking the bowl, she just flat out was off. The meal was absolutely a bastardization of the Mexican cuisine. You all are trying to damned hard to be "cute" and made yourself look like inexperienced buffoons in the kitchen. I have to tell you that this place is probably only surviving because it caters to a niche and because some yelp superstar decided they like it, and all their sheep friends followed. If this place had to survive on it's own in the real world (outside it's "I'm to hip to go anywhere that cool people wont see me" atmosphere) it would fall flat on it's face, just like every other restaurant this hotel has dreamt up.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by the ambiance this place offered.  Vibrant yet chill and welcoming.  With that said... SERVICE:The service totally ruined the whole experience.  Although we were seated pretty quickly it took ~20 minutes for the waitress to get our drink orders and bring them to us.  We were ready to order our dinner when she took our drink orders but she said she would come back for them.... that was another 10 minutes.  Then, another ~20 minutes for us to get our dinner.  FOOD:The Stella Artois that I should have been drinking 10 minutes ago was lukewarm.  I guess I got what I paid for.. it was only $4.We had their guacamole and ceviche appetizers to start off.  I was very disappointed at the $10 ceviche that compared in size to a scoop of ice cream you would get at a baskin robbins.  My naco torta was also cold as if it had been sitting around for a while.  I imagine the torta would have been tasty if it came out warm (like my beer). What was really upsetting was that the waitress met eyes with me as I was slouched over the table leaning my head on my hand, weak from hunger and she didn't even bothered to check on our orders.  How rude.My friend had tacos and it wasn't anything special either.  Don't get fooled by the picture.  It's so tiny it's not even worth the $2.  Did I mention they were out of pork?! C'mon.. at 7pm on a Saturday?!IMPRESSION:Slooooow service, average tasting food.
4	My second visit there... we just sat at the bar for some drinks and desserts... I loved their sangrias... so good that I don't even want to make my own at home anymore (even though it will be cheaper)... the crepas always so good... not too sweet, not to much... just perfect... I can keep going there just for the sangrias and the crepas... this was the last stop in my mexican restaurant tour... well done...
4	My girlfriend and I met here for lunch last week.  She lives in the west valley and I'm in the faaaar northeast valley.  I've been wanting to go to Gallo Blanco for a while, so this seemed like a great place to meet halfway.The restaurant is really cute and chill as far as atmosphere.  The entrance is a bit confusing as far as where you go to get sat, though.We had early lunch, and I hadn't had breakfast, so I was thrilled that they had breakfast all day!  I had the steak and eggs, which I shared with my son, so I had to have all the sauces on the side :o(  Next time I go, I will have the sauces on the plate because they were YUMMY.  My breakfast was well-prepared, tasty, and nicely plated.  Portion size was perfect.  It was a quick lunch and I was more focused on catching up with my girlfriend than I was with the food.  I plan to go again and take it in a bit more.  I have a feeling I'll be updating to 5 stars :o)
4	I met friends for brunch or dinner at Gallo Blanco probably three or four times, and I've enjoyed every visit. The atmosphere is casual and inviting, I dig the music mix, and I've never had bad service.I'd describe the food as a decent nod to some traditional Mexican dishes, but Gallo Blanco puts their own spin on many items on the menu. I've never had guacamole with orange supremes in it, but it works, I think it's up there with the best I've ever had. Until yesterday I'd never been able to order anything with the cochinita. Since it's always sold out my expectations were through the roof. I ordered it in a taco, and was surprised it had a sweet taste, which I decided was probably pineapple, but may just have been particularly sweet oranges since the menu doesn't list pineapple. The braising acid for cochinita is supposed to be bitter orange. I'm okay with the pork seeming like a combination of cochinita and al pastor (which does include pineapple, but is spit-grilled), it's another Gallo Blanco spin. Unfortunately in this case I prefer the originals, and agree with Fred M, you pair cochinita with pickled onions and spicy salsa, not guacamole.I have far less to pick at with everything else I've tried. The green sauce with the Chilaquiles is delicious, it's a dish I think I'll order for brunch every time, but it's presented a bit too refined for my taste. I'd prefer for it to be drowning in the sauce. I've also had the carne asada and ahi tuna tacos, and think they were excellent. As far as drinks, I get a margarita every time I visit. I look forward to being able to do so at happy hour prices in the near future. Also, the agua fresca my friend ordered last time I'm there looked good enough that I'll forgo the alcohol on my next visit.I definitely recommend Gallo Blanco. They may be inauthentic, but the locally sourced, simple menu is lightyears ahead of the over-expansive, over portioned, poorly executed menus I've found at many other Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.
5	I wrote a review of this vegetarian and glute-free friendly restaurant a few months ago.  In the intervening months, I have sampled more (i.e., most) of the menu and it has become, hands down, my favorite restaurant in all of Arizona, knocking out some serious competition.I eat at Gallo Blanco 2-3 times a week.  If I lived in the neighborhood, it would be even more often.  The food is fresh, hot and tasty.  The staff is wonderful. Whether I am trading jokes with Melissa or talking business with Susan, everyone is always happy and goes out of their way to make the experience fun and comfortable.I have made it my personal mission to get the word out about this place (and to get one in the Ahwatukee area).  Every one of the over twenty people I have taken to Gallo Blanco has been enthusiastic about returning.  What higher praise is there than that.
5	Alas! A meal at a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix that made me say 'wow'. Despite being led astray by MapQuest and getting lost for about twenty minutes on our way there we eventually stopped at a gas station and asked for directions which led us to the promised land. It was a fun detour though, while asking for directions we got to witness a senile homeless man get into a heated argument with a gas pump; which is always a lot of fun.First impressions are always a big thing, and Gallo Blanco made a pretty good one. Not knowing what type of place it was, we were quite surprised and excited when we turned the corner and saw a sheik and new age restaurant occupying the bottom floor of the Clarendon hotel. It looked swanky and fun... and honestly I was expecting something a little rougher around the edges; what a nice surprise. Upon walking into the restaurant we were a little confused about where exactly the entrance was, so we found ourselves standing around looking like lost children... luckily one of the managers immediately noticed us and personally helped us out and sat us down pretty quickly... really nice guy. Right when we sat down, they instantly plopped a pretty heavenly looking basket of chips with a plate of three different salsas on our table, I pretty much instantly fell in love. The chips were fresh as can be; they looked and tasted like they had just been freshly made minutes ago, which I wouldn't be surprised if they were. For our main course we got a little random smattering of stuff. Started out with the quesadilla then the roasted corn (it had some special name but I don't remember what it was) then for our main dish; three different types of tacos (beef, tuna, and pork) and huevos rancheros. Everything was amazing... just melt in your mouth good. The roasted corn which was rolled in some sort of cheese and hot sauce was just amazing; possibly the best roasted corn I've ever had. Even the dessert we ordered (banana crepes) was spectacular. Gourmet Mexican is not something I'm accustomed to... but that's the best way I can describe this place. The great thing about it, is that it's very reasonable... they sell many of the menu items a la carte; for example the quesadilla and most of our tacos were 2 bucks a piece... hell yeah! You get a lot of flavor and atmosphere for a really reasonable price, and I just can't justify giving this place anything less than 5 stars. Can't wait to go back!
4	I came here twice and both times enjoyed myself. I love the boutique hotel atmosphere and the food is great. The guaq is rich in flavor and the citrus that's in it really adds a new twist. I've had the veggie tacos, the veggie torta and a couple of the salads...very nice!I would have given this place 3 stars initially if I would have reviewed after my first visit - bc our waiter was terrible... he was not pleasant, rushed us out of there and my water glass sat empty many a time... but by the second time we had a much better experience... cute place and I like the art on the walls...caliente!
4	As a true Mexican from Mexico myself, I was skeptical of trying out this place at first, but it was love at first bite. I brought my madre along and she is an expert connoisseur of Mexican food and she enjoyed it as well. The guacamole is a mouth watering explosion in your mouth that will make you want to scream at first due to the amount of flavor transmitted to your senses by this exquisite recipe. I have tried many things there, their fish tacos, their carne asada tacos and I have to say the carne asada tacos arent the best, the meat tends to have a sweet taste-like flavor that isn't really appropriate for Mexican food but their tortas were to die for as well as their Paloma drinks, delicious. I due have some complaints, the service tends to be HORRIBLE, everytime I have been there it has been an awful experience dealing with their staff, and considering its a small place, there really shouldn't be a lack of service on their part. But if it weren't for their delicious food I wouldn't go back. Try their carne asada torta, its love at first bite. By the way, the food isn't entirely authentic Mexican food as its more upscale gourmet American Mexican food but it does the job.
5	This review, and the five stars that come with it, is for one thing and one thing only: A cocktail called "Picoso".Coda and I had a light dinner and drinks here on New Years Eve 2010, and I have l been craving this delicious beverage ever since.  Every single sip was a delight. When you drink as much as I do, it's easy to get bored with the usual "interesting" cocktails. I mean, how many places are going to carry Pomegranate Margaritas before people STOP getting excited when they see it on a menu?  When I say people, I mean me. I would literally take an IV of Pomegranate Margarita, I love them so much, but they've become so standard, I needed something new.This drink they call "Picoso" was interesting enough to be actually memorable. The fact that I'm even using the word "memorable" in relation to New Years Eve is unheard of, considering I haven't remembered a New Years Eve since 1999. The hint of jalepeno was the perfect compliment to the muddled fruit and tequila.  This drink was enough to cut through my alcohol induced amnesia and take it's rightful place in my memories of fantastic drinks past.  I'm not even mad at the fact that it probably played no small part in me losing track of time and being in the restroom when the clock struck midnight. Oh well, I probably wouldn't have remembered that anyway.
2	$2.00 Tacos & a $17.00 Martini? Ripped offI have eaten at this restaurant maybe 7-8 times, and I really like the food. I remember a review I read where the reviewer was talking about the owner and how good his food is and somewhere he has a really good restaurant in him. Meaning to me that the space leaves a lot to be desired. As far as atmosphere there really isn't any. The place looks like someone decided to open a restaurant and tossed in a few chairs and tables and said ok.. we've opened a restaurant. There must have been a bad leak in the ceiling as I have noticed for the last month or so, half of the ceiling is missing sheet rock. I would have thought it would have been repaired by now. But a place that serves 2.00 tacos and a 12.00 roasted half chicken.. you can't expect everything to be perfect. But here's my real beef with this restaurant. I'm not one to pour over my check when I get it. Half the time I don't even look at it, or my partner will pay the check, it all comes out of the same pocket so to speak or I just throw down my card.. tip well.. sign the bill and off I go. For the last couple of times that I have been there, I was looking at my credit card statement and wonder how could our bill at Gallo Blanco be 150.00 for three people?  We do like to sample a lot of food and will always order way too much.. Last night two of us ordered a 6.00 salad 7.00 guacamole and two 12.00 chickens. So how did our bill get to be 70.00 before tip.  Ah..  How about 17.00 for a Grey Goose martini and 16.00 for a bombay martini?  That's insane. I can go to AZ88 and get one of the best martini's and twice the size for 15.00 and your paying something for the incredible glass that it comes in and a really great space and atmosphere.  But 17.00 for a Grey Goose martini?  I feel completely ripped off. You can't have your highest menu price be 15.00 for steak and then charge 17.00 for a typical, nothing special Grey Goose martini...  it's just called bad business..  And I promise you I will never visit this business again.. With that profit margin you would think they could afford to fix the ceiling. bye bye Gallo Blanco
5	I stopped by here to grab a bite and to geek out on the computer with the famous Dallas Gold.The first thing that catches you about the Clarendon Hotel is that it doesn't strike you as a posh place so your expectations are immediately pulled down to the level where you're hoping the lobby has at least one light bulb in it.Once you step into the place and wander over to the Gallo Blanco Cafe, you quickly realize that this place is the bee's knees, the cat's pajamas, the morning pee, the end of the year bonus, the first drink of happy hour, the first night your newborn sleeps all the way through the night...  it's so wonderful, it makes you want to go outside and share with complete strangers the near-orgasmic experience you just had eating in the cafe...I started off with a fresh cantaloupe fruit drink and I immediately thought to myself - WHY DON'T I DRINK THIS ALL THE TIME??  Orange juice is soooo... just orange juice!  Then the sandwich came.  I have to be honest, I didn't put much thought into ordering and nonchalantly ordered the Naco Torta because it was the first thing listed under the sandwich section of the one page menu.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The bread was wondeful.  Soft but not so soft the bread flpped back over itself.  Beveled a bit too so it was easy to take the first bite.  The meat was cut up into small pieces to ease the dining experience and the combination of flavors of the avocado slices, the egg, the beef, the whatever else was in my sandwich was unbelievable.  The service was uber helpful and various waiters/waitresses swung by the table to see if we were ok.  Overall, a very cool place to check out if you're near Indian School and 4th ave.  Do yourself and your friends a favor and swing on by to grab a bite.
4	Great ambiance. Love the colorful artwork. Started out with the guacamole...it was delicious. I've never had guac with oranges in it, which may not sound that appealing, but it's awesome. The fish tacos were great too. They look small, but two were enough to fill me up. They pack a lot of fish into those little tacos. Great flavors and love the hot salsa.
5	This is an unpretentious place that leaves a good impression that constantly reverberates... after you go you may just be surprised  at how soon you find yourself craving just a little something more off of their menu.  Simple dishes imaginatively prepared.  I'm glad it's a hotel restaurant because that means extended hours of business and access to a delightful breakfast, lunch or dinner anytime I want it.I was so glad to see them give props on their menu to some of my favorite local farmers, whose produce is featured in many of the dishes.  Everything tastes super fresh and there are interesting flavor combinations all across the menu from the drinks to the chunky guacamole to the imaginative entrees.  Their tortas were perfectly prepared and are as good as the ones at Tortas El Guero on 16th Street (though El Guero offers far more variety).  I'll be back soon and look forward to noshing my way through the menu!
3	I'm not quite understanding these 5 star reviews....maybe they are friends with the manager or owner. It's not that I think this is a poor experience. I agree with most of the comments: "unpretentious" "comfortable" "great ambiance". My visit was all those things --  pleasantly surprising a restaurant found in a hotel. The menu is interesting and even innovative; not many nuevo-Mexican establishments serve Chilaquiles on the menu. The mini tacos were good, with a veggie option, Carne Asada or Cochinita Pibill. The carne asada was grizzly (and remember, this is a mini taco - so to have all three bites to be grizzly was a disappointment. ) Conversely, the Cochinta was flavorful (but it was a little greasy))-- but man -it was delish! I ordered a side of Guacamole - yuck. But I also ordered a side of French Fries (don't ask what spurred that combination), which I LOVED. 5 Stars for the French Fries which came along with an Aoili Chili dipping sauce. The Gallo Blanco Cafe deserves your attention and hopefully they'll just continue to tweak the food a bit because the place has potential. (NOTE: I went for lunch, so I'm not sure what the bar atmosphere or happy hour/dinner is like.)
4	nothing bad to say about gallo blanco. nada. guacamole is fresh, fruity and oh-so-excellent.both white and red sangrias are yummy, and their mixed drinks are delish.steak, chicken, fish and veggie tacos are four perfect bites of flavorful goodness, and they're cheap, too!salsa sauces provided with the tacos are tasty and abundant.the servers are sometimes neglectful in a airy kind of way, but the food and ambiance is so good it doesn't really matter unless you're late for another engagement. either way, if you want fast service, just ask for it.go in a tee shirt or a formal gown. you'll fit right in.ciao.lola
4	I really love this place!  It is just a smidge below a 5-star rating... and I'll be returning often, so I'll update if it makes the leap to super-5-stardom.  We have eaten at Gallo Blanco for breakfast and at least 4-5 dinners.  Husband mentioned that he thinks their menu is a bit limited, but I tend to disagree.  I think it is innovative with enough of a selection to keep it interesting.  Our meals have ranged from yummy to to-die-for deliciousness.  We have NEVER gotten anything less than great food.  However, there have been a few inconsistencies... my husband has ordered the chilaquiles on 4 occasions (creature of habit?) and has loved them each time... but they have been slightly different each time.  Maybe the cooking time is a little longer/shorter sometimes, but it can have a big effect on the end product (regardless, they were still fantastic, even if inconsistent).  Our favorite items have been ANY torta, the chilaquiles, and the guac.  I'm a huge fan of fruit in my guac (thanks to the introduction to pomegranate seeds in my guac at Barrio) - and the oranges were a delightful surprise.  The only thing I haven't loved is the honeydew agua fresca, and the horchata can be a bit hit-or-miss with flavor.We have had nearly every waiter/waitress that works at Gallo Blanco over our many visits, and we have had NEARLY consistently good service.  There was just one visit that went a terrible I-need-to-call-your-manager-the-next-day way... and after said phone call was made (which, I promise, was a first for us!), all was made right.  We were so delighted that the management really heard our issue(s) and made us feel like coming back - which we have and will continue to do. I really hope that this place has more staying power then it's predecessors... we will continue to frequent it, bring friends and out-of-towners, and recommend to all.
4	I was soooooo pleased with this place! One quick warning to those looking to go there soon: There is a bit of construction going on right now and the cafe kind of smells like sawdust. Now, back to the review!The food was awesome! I got the breakfast burrito and I also got a chance to try the chilaquilles verdes. Both were great and when topped with the salsas they were phenomenal! Their salsa verde is almost like a jalapeno-mint sauce and really reminded me of spicy mint sauces that one could find in a good Indian restaurant. It was my favorite. The red salsa was also amazing but had a very unique flavor that I can't put my taste buds on...it had a bit of a tang to it. Regardless, it topped off the already amazing flavors with more awesomeness! The cafe's style is really pleasant. There is a huge hallway leading right into the hotel and if you go that direction, you'll be able to see the really neat setup for the pool area. It's definitely worth the 30 foot jaunt. If you're not picky about renovations, check this place out right now! If you are though, and I know there are plenty of you, wait a little bit and then treat yourself to this place. It was a nice surprise.
4	Good mexican food in a hotel?Yes.It's a limited menu, no combo platters for $9.95 here. Mostly tortas, street tacos, and side items. But they are delicious, none-the-less. Really fresh ingredients. And their sangria really hit the spot, ifyouknowwhatImean (no skimping on the alcohol). But the main reason I eat here: chicharron aka DEEP FRIED CHEESE WALL. It's like a grilled cheese without that pesky bread.
5	This place is incredible. From the guacamole that includes fresh mexican cheese & orange, to the perfectly, and I mean PERFECTLY spiced carnitas, I simply cannot find anything bad about Gallo Blanco. Even the chips and salsa were great, with fresh chips and some absolutely spicy/delicious green and red salsas. Hip atmosphere, melt in your mouth pork, delicious carne asada, and great prices help round this place out for a 5. Thanks again for the great meal, Gallo Blanco.
4	One F'ing word to share about "White Cock".....BRAVO!!!Let me just say.... the morning coffee was blended, roasted and brewed to perfection.... and my breakfast... I don't recall what I had.. it was THAAAAT-GOOOD!.. All's I remember is having several orgasms.And Lunch.... whell!  It's simplely divine.I certainly am a fan to Gallo Blanco.It's Yummm-4-Days.
5	I come here at least once a week.  Everything is good except for the drink prices.  The Naco Torta is a gluttonous carnivore's dream, and I am a gluttonous carnivore if nothing else.  Service can be hot and cold, but the food would get six stars if that were possible, so it's easy to overlook.
4	The tortas are amazing. The tacos have simple, yet fresh and flavorful ingredients. The guacamole is the best I've had in town, hands down.But you wanna know the BEST thing about Gallo Blanco?Sunday brunch. The breakfast stuff is always available and they probably do brunch all weekend, I don't know. I DO know that I have been twice on an early Sunday afternoon, and when every other "cool" brunch spot had lines around the block, my dining companion and I were able to walk right in and sit down here.My brunch favorites: * Egg torta. The flavors are simple, but rich. * Egg and chorizo. How do they keep the sausage juicy without being greasy? It's a kitchen marvel. * Pancakes. OK, their pancake might just be perfect. It has delicately crispy edges and a custardy center. No chewy frisbee at Gallo Blanco. Deluxe!* A simple thing, but fresh squeezed OJ really hits the spot and makes a delightful mimosa.They only lose a star because they could use a few more breakfast offerings. Like breakfast tacos.Of course telling you all this probably means a line this Sunday. But it's worth it, everyone should know about this hidden gem!
5	Between the three of us, we ordered quite a few things off the menu, with the intention of having leftovers: four tacos, guacamole, ceviche, a side of chorizo, chilaquiles, and the naco torta.  There were no leftovers to be had.  The star of the meal were the chilaquiles.  The green chile sauce that comes on top is simply delicious, with just the right amount of kick that complimented the rich yolk of the sunny side up eggs and the tender chicken and gooey cheese.Our server was friendly and helpful.  While we were waiting for our food, I spilled my sangria.  Not only did he bring me a refill at no charge, he brought me a plate full of the booze-soaked fruit as well.  My toddler had a hard time understanding that she couldn't eat any of it, so we had to order an additional side of (booze-free) fruit for her.  Problem solved.The total for our bill was just shy of $80.  For all that food, and four alcoholic beverages, we all felt it was a very reasonable price.  I enjoyed looking at all the artwork that adorned the walls, and my dad and husband got a kick out of the urinals shaped like lips in the men's room.I'm a big fan of eating local, and they're not shy about letting people know which local vendors their foods come from.  They use a number of the same vendors that I buy from frequently: Schreiner's sausage, pork from the Meat shop, produce from Maya's Farm.  They just do a far better job of putting it all together :)All in all, we had a fantastic experience and are looking forward to visiting again in the very near future.
4	So I was turned onto Gallo Blanco by colleague and fellow Yelper Marcus D. and was very impressed. I went there last Friday for lunch with a colleague of mine. Now when I first arrived I was a little skeptical because it is located inside a remodeled apartment complex turned hotel. Now when we got inside I was surprised how packed it was. We were forced to sit at the bar which actually turned out better because we got to chat with the staff and get the low down on the menu. Ok so now to the food. Before I get to that I need to paint you a picture. So my colleague and I are not fat kids by any means but we are also not 110 Emo skater kids who don't eat. So when we asked our server how many tacos he usually eats and he recommended four we were shocked so we went with three....well we should have gone with 8 each. The tacos are served street style, hence why they are only two bucks each. The thing is we probably could have eaten 8 each not only because of the size but because of how good these tacos were. I had the pork and carna asada tacos. Both were amazing. The salsas they give you to add were also fantastic. The only thing we tried that I wouldn't recommend is the fried cheese crisp as an app. It is basically fried cheese they give you in a cool presentation with a queso dip. It was just too much cheese, next time I would pass. All in all I would highly recommend this place. Don't let the outside fool you, this is not only a great restaurant but a pretty cool pool area at the hotel as well. If you are craving good tacos make it to Gallo Blanco.
5	What hasn't been said already. I have probably eaten here 20 times. Always very good. Food is fantastic. Great margarita's. I have turned on many people to this place and they have always thanked me. Two thumbs way up.
3	I haven't been in for a couple of months and just went by last night to discover they've reconfigured the bar area, yet again. Now it's blocked by a big buffet/cabinet, you have to go around it to get in the bar, and the tables are tightly together in a row, making for a very cramped and narrow walk to the bar. I don't know whose idea this was, but it is a BAD one! It was much more open and customer-friendly the way it was before. If Abby at the bar wasn't so fantastic (as always), I'd probably head somewhere else.UPDATE: They have changed the bar area, again. No more large buffet, but they also got rid of a nice seating area that had a couch and a couple of padded chairs. And the experiment goes on.....
5	The best tacos in the city, amazing veggies, and indescribably great salsas. The tacos are like tapas, so you need to order two or three, but they are reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff with great art to view while waiting for your order.
5	Inside the Clarendon Hotel in central Phoenix, Gallo Blanco has quickly made a hit for themselves with hipsters and urban dwellers alike. They offer a refreshing alternative for hotel restaurants, with lively ambiance and great food and drink.Gallo Blanco's tacos are surefire hits. They're served individually, and come lined up in an appealing silver taco stand. We've ordered the carne asada and shrimp soft tacos, and, wow, they're really mouthwatering. The shrimp is flame grilled and seared, bringing out a nice full flavor. The guacamole is slightly sweet and chunky, and paired with outstanding tortilla chips, this is a must-order appetizer. Even the sauces (I prefer the red chipotle one) are addictive, either to accompany the supreme tacos, or to be enjoyed alone on chips.This restaurant is a fine addition to the emerging downtown Phoenix foodie scene, and with prices extremely reasonable, you get a lot. A good sized meal for two (sans drinks) could ring up at $30-35, which is a good value for great food. Try Gallo Blanco, bring friends, and get a bunch of items. Although I haven't explored the rest of the menu, I sense that Gallo Blanco's items don't stray far from excellence.
5	This restaurant's  little subtle southwest nuances make me love love living in the desert. I ordered a few tacos, a carne asada with just the right amout of kick, and the shrimp - which just might be one of the best little shrimp tacos I have ever had.My friend Amanda suggested the side of local veggies - and they were simply delicious. The mixture of people dining here was very interesting - a nice mix of professionals, hipsters who like to wear their over-sized sunglasses at all times, and families. I noticed a bit of brown duct tape was used on the ceiling to blend a pipe end to the burnt sienna surroundings. I loved that. This place is real, they serve delicious food with a simplistic style that will make this one of my favorites from now on.
4	First time to @galloblanco tonight. What a great experience!Went for a social/journalist type event, #JDEB. Had a nice evening, chatting, getting to know a few new people.Enjoyed the $5 pints of hefeweizen, and appreciated the bartender's attentiveness to my dislike of fruit in my beer. (Orange in wheat beer?! Amateur!)After a while, the hunger set in, and a few of us decided to have dinner in the restaurant.I ordered the sopa del dia, which was chicken tortilla, and the breakfast burrrito (served all day, woot!) which was chorizo and egg, one of the few perfect meals in existence.I had high hopes and expectations for this meal, as many of my friends dine here regularly.The food did not disappoint in the slightest!The soup was VERY hearty! Chock full of generous chunks of chicken, and flavorful bits of tortilla, and plenty of flavor. Delicious! And nearly a meal on its own.But I was hungry, so not quite.The burrito was superb! For starters, it was huge. Given the price, and the type of establishment I had assumed GB to be, I wasn't expecting such a large portion.Nonetheless, the burrito was delicious, and had plenty of egg and chorizo, and a very tasty pico, rolled into a nice-sized tortilla.The bartender, as well as our restaurant server, were attentive, and very personable.Oh, did I mention they serve Cartel Coffee?Yes. Another plus for them.Gallo is on the west side of town, and a distance south of me, but I think it is now imperative that I return, as often as possible.I am dying to try their chilaquiles! And the guac, as I didn't get the chance tonight.Yes, I will be back, without question!
5	Offering slight twists to traditional Mexican street cuisine via a menu that concentrates on fresh ingredients, Gallo Blanco definitely delivers in the flavor department: time and again reminding me why it's one of my favorite eateries in Phoenix. Literally everything that I've ever eaten there has been a tasty treat (not something that I can say about too many restaurants) with a few of my favorites being the Elote Callejero (grilled corn-on-the-cob covered with Cotija cheese and smoked paprika), the made-to-order Guacamole (probably my favorite in town), and the Chicharron de Queso (a cheese crisp tower served with an Aji aioli)! The seasonal vegetable tortas and tacos are also excellent... And though I can't personally comment on the dishes containing meat, I can say this... I had taken my brother and sister-in-law (both foodies and carnivores) to Gallo Blanco during one of their previous visits to Phoenix. They now specifically request going there whenever they visit me although they are coming from the Mecca of awesome cuisine that is the San Francisco Bay Area. High praise in my book!Usually when you think of restaurants located inside hotels, you don't generally think of terms like cool, really tasty, affordable or locals hangout. Yet somehow, Gallo Blanco (located within the Clarendon Hotel in Central Phoenix) manages to pull off all of these things with an inviting atmosphere, great food for a very fair price (a great lunch for $10), and a recurring local customer base (i.e. me).
5	This place is next level!!! My girlfriend and I, who is a very picky eater, decided to check this place out after discovering it on yelp. Walked in and immediately felt at home. The atmosphere was amazing, this place definitely did its research in the feng shui department.The staff here is great! Our waiter was so helpful and friendly. He gave us some tips on how to order and told us just to sample a couple things between the two of us since it was our first time. So we followed his advice and ordered the Chicharrone de queso, which was BOMB but a little too much for two, and the Carne Asada Tacos, Cochinita and Carne Asada Torta and split that between the two of us. The Carne Asada Tacos were the best i have every had!!! The meat was so juicy and tender with a sweet kick to it, which immediately reminded me of Korean BBQ Bulgogi, which i LOVE!!! The Cochinita Torta was great too but no where near as good as the Carne Asada Torta.After the meal was over the waiter took the Carne Asada Tacos off our bill since it was our first visit, which was awesome! Overall this place was FANTASTIC! One of the best experiences i have had at a restaurant and will definitely be coming back.
5	Gallo Blanco had me at Guacomole.....served poolside nonetheless!Spent a night at the Clarendon after reading reviews about the hotel and Gallo Blanco attached...and I was NOT let down!  Breakfast was amazing, delicious coffee, and hands down the most delicious Huevos Rancheros I have ever had!  I also can vouch for the fish tacos, the carne asada torta, and again, the Guacomole, so fresh, loaded with cilantro and mango, I think I consumed at least a half a dozen avacados !!Oh! and the Bloody Mary's!  :) Ahhhhhhhhh how I have fond memories of the bloody Mary's....the fresh dill really made them something special.Bravo for breakfast, snacks, poolside nosh, and bloody mary's!
4	Excellent, fresh Mexican cuisine at reasonable prices, especially during happy hour. Their guacamole is chunky, fresh, and original, with pieces of orange in it that add a nice, unexpected citrus sweetness...probably second best in the city to only Barrio Cafe. The chicharron de queso is unique, and the dipping sauce is outrageously good, but be sure to share it with a couple other people unless you can eat a lot of crispy fried cheese cracker yourself. Tacos are all very tasty - the carne asada is a must, marinated so that it's tender, juicy, and slightly sweet. The casual atmosphere and friendly service round this place out as pretty darn good.
5	everything on the menu is delicious.  we used to eat here when it was barrio cafe and still loved it.  the recent remodel is cute, but wish there was more greenery in the outdoor seating to obstruct the views of parking lots and apartments.
5	In heaven, there is a Gallo Blanco Cafe. In fact, I pray all the time that when I die I go here. :D Seriously amazing food. Service is hit or miss, sodas are hit or miss on fizz, so I get the Juaritos Mandarin if I can. But the food is the MOST amazing food in the WORLD perhaps. Ok, actually, not COMPLETELY but, I love their crispy cheese, the corn, oh the corn, which is latered in cheese and other heavenly substances. Their chicken alone, with a few tortillas, each bite skyrockets you to heaven. I have yet to try their tacos. I know you are asking "HOW?!" well, I was vegetarian when I found this place and havent been able too order it since.Dont even get me started on their guacamole and chips. OH. I WISH I WAS EATING IT RIGHT NOW! If I was able to, Id eat this every day. Gallo Blanco, I love you. I have also tried their pancakes. I did not think they were as amazing as everything else they serve.
5	So, got a tip from a friend that I really needed to check this place out, so we headed over for dinner with friends after Ignite Phoenix. I kind of wanted to go some place else and wound up being S glad my friend picked this place :)When we pulled up I thought "oh Im so not in the mood for "nice" (ie expensive hotel restaurant" (its inside the Clarendon), I was tired and not dressed for it. I was pleasantly surprised that the place looked very nice but has a really comfortable, super low key vibe. The service was really good, our waiter was very friendly and he didn't make fun of me when I tried order the side of corn (Elote Callejero. yeah, you say it). Anyway, the food was awesome- they do breakfast all day so I got huevos rancheros which were really good. The side of refried beans was ok, about what you'd expect, but. the. corn. Oh my. It was heavenly- its an ear of grilled corn sprinkled with paprika and piled high with coija cheese. It was sooo good. We finished the meal with the Crepas, or banana crepes, which were really nice, the crepes were very good! Everything right down to the chips and salsa were very good, and we will definitely be back. By the way, the price was very reasonable, before the tip, we paid about $35 for our half of the appetizer, 2 meals, a soda, 2 beers, 2 side dished and dessert. do it.
4	This restaurant scares me. I lost 45 pounds and i can see it coming back real fast. LOl. I used to live right across the street and am so glad I don't anymore-hahahaha. i have eaten here twice and all the things I have eaten are the bomb! What stands out is the corn app, the guacamole is the  best I have had in a restaurant, and the Carne Aasda taquitas and torta! i also loved the platano crepes. The restaurant itself is kind of ugly and was dirty the first time i went and the service is a bit lacking but the food is not! Enjoy!
4	Although, I missed the Taco happy hour I was able to get one of the Tortas sandwiches and the chips and guacamole.  The sandwich was very good and the guacamole had a wow factor as it is not the run of the mill stuff.  The patio has been recently done/updated and being it was a nice evening outside we got to enjoy eating out.  I did not get to take in the flamenco dancing before but have done so before and found it full of fun and totally enjoyable to watch.  This place has come so far.  Reminds me a bit of Hotel Babylon, but without the pretension
4	Let me update this because I just went again. Naco Torta!! NACO TORTA!!...and Ensalada Cortada, Chips n Guac. Two people can easily share this delightful combination...because we were both stuffed, took home half of our NACO Torta each...did I say it was AMAZING because it IS....and we ate the other half for dinner. OMG I have dreams about the food!!I will say the music was a little loud this time and they sat a large table about 45 minutes into my lunch...and those people were kind of loud. Our server got distracted I think..she did apologize and thanked us for being patient. Other than that...NACO TORTA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!What can I say about this place. Have eaten here numerous times and have never been disappointed with the food. Guac is amazing, carne asada torta is amazing, darn near everything tasted amazing. The servers are nice and if you go poolside, hope that you get Ron as he is the man!!We had some new kid the last day of the most recent weekend we stayed this month...and I will say that he definately left a lot to be desired. I will give him some some credit only because he was new and Ron had to school him on the ways of how to be a good server. The kid kept forgetting our orders, would bring out one thing and not the accompying items (Such as Guac and no Chips).My friends asked for other salsa's too and he didn't bring those out for about an hour. I kept reminding him that we ordered items or would ask him where the order was (not being bitchy as I understand the service industry can suck)...but the kid would curse and get frustrated. I wasn't personally mad at him but his attitude sucked. The only complaint I have was his service (he was poolside and not in the restaurant). Other than that...I could have gained an easy 10 lbs had we not checked out :)I did order a few drinks that I had to walk into the bar and get the bartenders to make because the kid either wasn't putting in the orders or he was just forgetting them. I don't recall that he wrote anything down...so tisk tisk.
5	Ooh..their shrimp tacos are to die for!  Bursting with flavor-I love it!  Fish tacos are good as well.  I agree with another Yelper that the shrimp is better than the fish.  Look forward to trying their special corn on the cob that looked so good when I walked by someone else's table.The food tastes so fresh and you can tell they are made from the best ingredients.  The restaurant uses local and organic vegetables in their dishes.This place can be considered overpriced, because the ambience doesn't necessarily match up with the prices.  It's like a casual funky cafe dining place with gourmet nice restaurant prices.  But the food really is wonderful--what I have had so far, so it's worth it.
4	I'm not really a Mexican food connoisseur but I like it! The tacos are on par (and nearly indistinguishable from) America's Taco Shop. And although I didn't have one, the burgers look awesome!
5	Naco Torta +  Kale Salad = Satisfaction Guaranteed. This is more than enough for 2 people.  This place is one of the best values in central Phoenix. Service can be a bit slow, and lack luster, but the food gets a solid 5 starsGallo also comes to the rescue on Wednesday nights with free Flamenco entertainment. It's pretty special...
4	Where oh where would I be without the amazing world of YelpI  After seeing all of the great reviews we decided to check this place out with the kiddos in tow.  Loved everything about it - the menu, the decor and especially the happy hour deals.   Starting with the drinks, we enjoyed the sangria, the negro modelo on draft and fresh watermelon juice for the kids.  Many (possibly all) of their ingredients are from local vendors and therefore very fresh.  We had the shrimp ceviche appetizer and various tacos - halibut, shrimp, pork and beef.  The kids had something called a chicharron which is like a huge letter-paper size chip made of cheese.  They had a good time eating it as well as cheese quesadillas off of the sides menu.  It was a little far for us, but this is a great place to meet folks and do happy hour.
4	the kale salad is the bomb!
5	This place has negra modelo on tap.  I would almost give them 4 stars alone for that.  The food here is incredible, very reasonably priced, and is mostly locally grown and raised.  Add in there musical taste, a mixture of latin and indie rock, and you have a place about to explode from too much hipster cred.  I mean that in a good way.  We live in the east valley, so this is a haul for us, but this is THE place we take our out of town guests.  Everyone loves it.
3	We decided to check out Gallo Blanco last Saturday night.I sure like the casual, funky vibe.  We sat in the dining area near the bar and had fun watching all the people come and go from the hotel's pool area just off the lobby.I had their house margarita on the rocks to start.  It was perfect.We also ordered the guacamole, carne asada torta and tacos for dinner.  The guacamole is pretty good but I think I'd prefer a more traditional recipe.The carne asada and tacos were good but not great.Service was a little rushed.  Our server asked us if we'd like dessert while we were still eating our meal.  I told her I hadn't thought about it yet.  She came back a little later while we were still eating and asked if there was anything else we'd like to order.Just let me relax and enjoy my meal!
5	Delicious steak and egg sandwich. Naco Torta. Sweet, sunny Jesus. I've been thinking about it for days. Negro Modelo on tap. What else do you need? Friendly and fun staff too. Calling it the "bomb" as some reviewers have may be a tad inappropriate considering the history of the hotel above it. An investigative reporter was assassinated in the parking lot with a car bomb in the 1970s.
5	This place was pretty cool.... literally! They have some outstanding air conditioning there... anyways... food was amazing, especially the guacamole. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and you could tell that they enjoy being there. This is a great place to eat, and I will definitely be back next time I visit Phoenix.
4	So I love this place. Great prices, great tacos, great guacamole, and a very strong margarita. This place is small but so worth the wait if there is one. I had the carne taco, shrimp taco, chicken taco all great and all tacos are $2-3. My girlfriend got the huevos rancheros. Dam the sauce on this dish was so good. She loved it and ate every bit. This place is inside the Claredon hotel and the mens restroom in the lobby has urinals that are two big red lips and teeth. Freakin hilarious. Everything that came out that kitchen looked so good. I think the most expensive thing was steak n eggs for $13. Also a great place for happy hour!
5	I think its about time I wrote a formal review for this establishment, considering I have recently bestowed it as "My Favorite Restaurant" - that's a big title to carry. I often judge Mexican restaurants based solely on their chips and salsa and Gallo Blanco passes that test.  They have a delicious green tomatillo and smoky chipotle - as well as the typical hot sauce and fresh pico.  Their chunky guac is delish and summery, as they put orange slices in it. Although the chiccharon gets a lot of buzz (I think it taste like Cheez-Its), their best appetizer is the Elote - grilled corn-on-the-cob with cheese on it. It literally melts in your mouth! Oh, and it doesn't get stuck in your teeth like most corn-on-the-cobs tend to. The orange cake is AMAZING and reminds me of my beloved red velvet - except, you know, orange. I love everything about this restaurant - salsas, food, drinks, atmosphere, prices, entertainment (on Wednesday!) - they just need to get rid of that damn giant, ugly, silver air conditioning thing they have running through the bar.
5	Came here yet again for happy hour and to check out some flamenco dancing (they offer it every Wednesday evening) and it was beyond amazing. The sangria was so-so ... a little too sweet for my taste. I stuck to my jack and cokes... and was truly moved by the flamenco performances. The place was packed - so if you want to check out the dancing come around 630 or so. Made me proud to live in the southwest. Ole!!!!
5	I love love love this place! The food is fresh and much is grown or obtained locally. The vibe and overall ambiance is amazing. Great drinks. Really good guac(oranges!!!) I love the chicharron  de queso, its different but soooo good. The tacos are amazing and you can mix and match because they are cheap. The corn on the cob reminds me of fun times in Mexico. The rice and beans-so-so, but who cares. This place is awesome. I told my Mom we should stay at The Clarendon for my upcoming birthday/Dbacks game instead of downtown just so I can have breakfast there. The Clarendon is cool, but this place is AMAZING!!! I cant wait to do breakfast there.The owner does a great job making sure you feel welcome. I have seen him there every time I visit and he goes out of his way for every guest to make sure they are happy. BRAVO!
2	Well just having spent the past weekend at the valley Ho, it was interesting to compare the two hotel concepts and restaurants . Both being old outdated hotels remodeled into somewhat trendy urban hot spots. I walked into the lobby and was pleasantly surprised by the decor. Artsy in a "raw" sort of way. Exposed ceilings, cheap local art for purchase on the walls, a view of the really cool pool area, then walked into the "gallo blanco". I was 1 of 2 people there. I sat at the barI sat down and scanned the menu that was on the chalkborarded walls. The server handed me a wine list. I had vino blanco from Argentina. It was ice cold and served in what appeared to be a Riedel "o" glassware.I  Liked this. Things are going well at this point. Then I ordered just one Fish Taco. I wasn't real hunger so this small taco was the perfect size. It was served on a small corn tortilla, the fish was halibut and it was nicely grilled. If I ordered it again I would have them hold the white sauce that tasted like "miracle whip"?? the fish was so fresh, it would have been perfect with just the avocado, and lettuce. Conversation was going fine with the server unitl for some reason he asked my age, which I thought was odd. then from there the conversation digressed into some political and philosophical debate?? I was just looking to unwind with some vino and food and to relax. I guess I may give Gallo Blanco  another shot to try some other things on the menu, but I would probably bring a friend along next time, and avoid the politics :)
4	Work took me to the Clarendon twice in the span of four days... you better believe I ate lunch and enjoyed happy hour at Gallo Blanco on both occasions.  That includes the Monday special, a $20 pitcher of margaritas that I may or may not have shared with someone else.  Seriously, how could Monday get any better?  I wish somebody would hand me a pitcher of margaritas at the end of every Monday.  As far as the menu goes, everything is good.  Just close your eyes and point.  I only have one warning, avoid the cheese crisp as an actual meal.  It is just one flat piece of burned cheese.  One of the poor girls I was working with on Monday ordered it for her lunch.  You could say she ended up ordering some sides to go with it.  It's not bad, but definitely a disappointment if you expected it to be satisfying in any way.
5	This cute, fun place is located in the Clarendon hotel in Phoenix, off 3rd Ave and Indian School.The prices are reasonable, the food is absolutely delicious, and the ambiance is pleasantly modern without being too hipster douchey in your face. Bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated.My friend and I shared the guacamole which had an interesting citrusy edge to it. The source was the chopped oranges added to the guacamole, which made it unique and wonderful. The $7 price tag seemed a bit much at first, but the bowl is huge and we ended up having some left over at the end to take home. My friend ordered the crepes with fruit and cream for $6, a vegetarian taco for $2, and a carne asada taco for $2.50. The crepes came with fresh fruit and thickened sweetened cream and were not soggy or tough, just perfectly cooked. The tacos were filled with flavorful, grilled meat or veggies and fresh salsa/avocado, and Gallo Blanco does not skimp on the filling. The waitress warned us that they would be small tacos but we were pleasantly surprised to see what their actual size was.I got a shrimp taco for $3 and the elote (which is grilled corn with smoked paprika and cotija cheese). The taco had amazing grilled shrimp and some veggies. I should have just gotten two, because it was that good! The grilled corn on the cob was huge and had tons of cheese, some of which melted into a mild, creamy topping and some of which stayed solid. It was an interesting experience in terms of texture and flavor, and not terribly expensive at $4.Service was kind of spotty - it took a while for the waitress to take our order or for us to get drinks, then she brought the wrong dish. My friend ordered the crepes with fruit and cream and the waitress brought just a bowl of fruit and cream...minus the crepes. An honest enough mistake though, since the fruit and cream alone is a different menu item they do offer. It also took a while to process the bill. If we were in any kind of hurry I would've found it irritating but as it was a pretty lazy Sunday, it didn't really bother either of us too much. And, when we wanted to take the leftover guacamole home, she was kind enough to give us a refill of chips to take home with it! That was a nice touch and much appreciated.Overall, the food and experience here was so good that I am already thinking about when I can go back. Delicious food, relatively low prices, and decent enough service? Yes please. This is one of very, very few Mexican places I have ever liked and I am SO glad I tried it.
5	You can't go wrong here.  Some of the best guacamole I've ever eaten.  The food is fresh an the service is top notch.
4	My husband and I had a little staycation a few months back at the  Clarendon and had breakfast at this amazing little spot.  I had the Huevos rancheros and they were super yummy.  cant wait to go back for lunch or dinner.
4	I still haven't picked how many stars I am going to give Gallo Blanco.  On one hand I was there at that magical time of the day where servers are in I just don't give a damn mode.  (Four o'clock for those of you who have never waited tables.)  This is the time when servers are either getting off work and just want to get home or just started and haven't really gotten in their groove yet. I got to the restaurant about 15 minutes before my other, party and the hostess seemed absolutely amazed and flabbergasted (wow that one went down with out spell check) that I  was meeting another someone.  After the confusion of seating I sit down and am ready for a little happy hour goodness.  I order a margarita which my waitress informs me is made with fresh juices.  I am pretty excited.  I love me a tasty margarita and have read good things.  Margarita comes. Huge disappointment.  Way too sweet.  Not enough citrus to this little fella.  And definitely not enough tequila.  My friend comes and I decide that I am going to switch to something else.  A sangria seems to be in order.  Now usually I drink sangria when I want to maintain.  This must have been a magical sangria because i actually got a pretty hefty buzz from the little fella.After a few of these we decide it's time for some food.  She has the vegetable tacos, on recommendation from the waitress, that she seemed to enjoy.  (The whole idea of vegetable tacos is absolutely beyond my comprehension)  I also asked for the server which she would prefer as far as tortas.  The pork or the beef.  At this point I came to realization that I was probably asking a vegetarian which she would prefer.  Oops.  I went with the pork which was absolutely delicious.  I was a little disappointed that there were no sides with it though.  I would have ordered some if I knew it didn't come with any.  About half way through the meal I notice the server doing side work and told her if she needed to close out my check I would be more than happy to do so, so that she could get going.  She did and out came the new server.  The happiest guy I have ever come across.  And he looked just like John Lequizamo's more full brother.  (Photo to be attached).  Sat at the table for a while longer and then Flamenco started.  Flamenco was absolutely incredible as always and  I was really excited that they had moved it inside as it was way too hot to sit on a roof top.  I offered to close out my tab with the waiter so we could move to the bar and he offered to continue bringing us our drinks.  Fantastic!  This guy really was the happiest person I had met in a while.  Prices were good, food was good, atmosphere was good , service was good minus a few missteps, and the sangria was good.  All in all I will definitely be back but can't give 5 stars.  I think 4 is a pretty reasonable for Gallo Blanco but I can foresee a 5 star update in the future.The End ( I feel like that was a novel)
2	Decent food, overwhelmed staff, hip-ish vibe.  I'll admit I came with high expectations to Gallo Blanco given it's 4.5 star rating.  Unfortunately, we left underwhelmed. We'll start with the good: it's located in t
4	So I finally got a chance to check out Gallo Blanco. I live in the area, but there's SOOOO many good places to eat around here I just hadn't made it in yet. Sad, yes I know.I read a piece in the newspaper today about the Pollo Asado and was thinking about that all day, but ended up going with the torta with pork, chiles and avocado. What a great torta, one of my favorites!  I wish the bread was toasted, but that's probably a personal taste.  I also ordered the Elote and a green cantaloupe agua fresca, which were both great. I thought the elote was a bit steep at 4 bucks, but it was very very good. Overall, I got a good takeout meal for about 17 bucks (with tax and tip). I'm excited to have such high caliber tortas this close to my house.
2	A very disappointing experience. We walked in to find no hostess or wait staff in sight. After walking around and finding no hostess station, we eventually sat ourselves at the only open (dirty) table.A waiter told us we shouldn't have sat down and might have to move, but then later allowed us to remain there. I then ordered a Michelada and he "corrected" my pronunciation (naturally, he was pronouncing it incorrectly). The drink was great though.Ordering dinner, I asked for the chilaquiles and he said, "what?" When I pointed to it on the menu, he again wrongly "corrected" my pronounciation, adding, "nice try though." Again, he gave a strange gringo pronunciation that doesn't exist in Spanish and walked off. We got guacamole, assorted tacos, cheely-keelies (as he called them), all of which were good, but not great. Drinks weren't re-filled and another server tried to clear my place while my plate was still half-full. We were thinking about ordering dessert when our waiter dropped off the check. Since they were in such a hurry to turn tables, I obliged them.Whew. Gotta do better than that Gallo Blanco.
5	I picked this place because it came up on yelp with raving reviews and it was close to my hotel.  I get a lot of Mexican food- and some of the best considering I live in California and have bestie who's mom cooks from scratch.  This place is a hidden gem.  At the recommendation of my amazing server I ordered a few things off the menu, I started with a glass of Horchata, a pork and steak taco, and sides of beans, rice and guacamole- it was all delicious, but the tacos were so delicious I had to order two more.  The salsas were also delicious... I can't wait to return tomorrow night and try something new...  I went back- and the day after as well.  I had the pork torta, the fish taco, the tres leches cake.  The salsas are amazing.  On Wednesday they had a little flamenco show and the ambiance was fun and inviting.  My server each night was a girl named Stacey, and she was extraordinary- and the rest of the staff was all accomodating and friendly.  I felt like a regular, even though I was just there a few days.  Order the Tres Leches cake early- it's popular and they might run out.
5	This place is one of the very few that I get excited to be in. Not sure why, maybe its the whole hotel restaurant entrance thing or just the interior decor. It sets an atmosphere foreign to Arizona for me.The food more than backs up its reputation. Along with their signature cocktails. I will always be a frequent customer of this restaurant. I am glad Clarendon could finally settle whatever legal/professional issues they had to have a great restaurant for years to come.
4	Great place and great food
5	What a great find! We were just driving through Phoenix on a Monday night and needed both food and a place to stay. We actually found this place via Yelp and were so glad we did. Not only did the waiter make great Margarita, guac (omg, yum!) and tacos recommendations (everything was de-li-cious), he also helped us book a room at the adjacent hotel (The Clarendon hotel) which was super convenient and hip. We got to relax in the pool and look at the roof-top view after dinner. Fantastic.
4	Voted 2nd best Sangria in Phoenix.... well naturally you wonder who was crowned wiht the honor of first.  That is what we were left to ponder while we enjoyed the many varieties of soft tacos.The waiter was friendly and recommended the 2nd best sangria in town (orange sangria made of oranges, mango and other tastey delights).  He unfortunately could not recall the first place winner.  He also recommended the tacos and naco torta.  We sampled all the soft tacos and the favorite was the cochinita and carne asada.  The one minor down fall was tacos are heavily loaded so it could use a second tortilla to better support the contents.  The naco torta was also delicious.  Nicely season and just a great combination of ingredients (steak, avacado, over easy eggs).The prices are very reasonable and a great find.  There was no wait and just enough patrons to keep the food fresh but not become an overrated hot spot.
3	Creamy, fresh, deliciously smoky and completely out of this world Elote Callejero appetizer = A+.  I could have eaten five of these.Super fresh, flavorful and affordable tacos; all varieties = A+.  Also the hot sauces are to die for. Disaffected wait staff = C.  Helpful enough I suppose...Smiles and/or welcoming attitudes were completely absent, save for one gentleman running around checking on everyone.Climate control = C-.  It was hot as Hades in there.  Granted, it IS August, but seriously.  Ouch.Fly situation = D.  We were swatting them away CONSTANTLY.  Eww.
4	This place is pretty tasty. The menu has a modern twist on your traditional Mexican food, but in a good way.  It was a Saturday at about 2PM, and we noticed a lot of people were eating breakfast (served all day), which made us think maybe that was their specialty, but we were in the mood for lunch. We started off with chips and guacamole.  They added mandarin oranges (or tangerines, not quite sure) to the standard mix... it was excellent, probably the best guac I have ever tasted!  I had the veggie tacos and mashed pinto beans.  The veggies were seasoned and marinated perfectly, and the beans were pretty good but a little dry.   My Bf had the Carne Asada burrito and he was in heaven.  The restaurant is actually located in a hotel lobby, which I wasn't expecting, so we passed it twice! The menu isn't huge and the atmosphere is casual and just so, so, but the food was fantastic.  We will definitely go back, next time we're in the neighborhood... and maybe give the breakfast a shot!
4	My mama & I came here this afternoon for lunch. Walking up to the door  I could smell wonderful food being made. It was pretty crowded on the main side of the restaurant so we were seated on the pretty much empty side. But that was fine with us, we wanted to chat any way. Mom ordered her usual sprite & I ordered an arnold palmer. Sprite came in a can, eh. Arnold palmer was very tangy, good-but I've had better. For our entrees: mom ordered the ensalada cortada & I ordered the carne asada burrito with a side of white rice. Mom didn't really care too much for her salad, I thought it was pretty good though & helped her eat it. In exchange she had about a third of my burrito, which she loved. The carne asada was so tender & flavorful, it was so yummy I finished almost the entire thing which is rare for me. The rice was good but a bit over cooked & on the dry side.I would love to come back & try: the guacamole everyone raves about, fish tacos & amazing sounding chocolate pudding! :)
3	I have experienced better, in this very restaurant! But, to my disappointment, that was not this case last Sunday when my family went to Gallo Blanco for my sisters birthday. I sat down, my dad told me his coffee was cold. I ordered a mimosa (it was 9AM, but I had heard that the law has changed, in Phoenix you can now get alcohol at 6 am.) Well GB still isn't serving till 10. So I got coffee instead, and mine was?? well, warm, not hot. There a fly stocking us at the table, then I noticed there where about 5 clinging to the window. The rest of our party arrived. We order guacamole was  delicious. Ordered our food. Food arrived, it was good. Again, my beans were ...warm. Then 9:55 came, and the table next to me had bloody Marys on it! I ordered my mimosa,light on the orange juice, and my sister said when the server told the bartender that, he rolled his eyes :(. As he was preparing that, my husband ordered a beer, from our server. My mimosa came and 3 minutes later his beer was placed on the table. Long story, long,  Food, good. Service and atmosphere, "Meh."
4	Must try the Chicharones de queso, carne asada torta, guacamole is amazing, and try to get a few of the street tacos. Amazing!
5	OMG!  I SO LOVE this place!  Even the iced tea is outstanding.  But I have to write about the carne asada.  This is the best carne asada ON THE PLANET!  They use ribeye steak and serve it with a roasted tomato salsa.  Oh, so yummy!  It's a party in your mouth, for sure.  You can get it in tacos or a burrito.  The burrito comes with chunks of avocado; my friend loved it.  In fact, she had it on Friday night and again for lunch on Saturday, and she swears they put crack in the carne asada.  For dessert, I got the tres leches cake, which came with coconut milk ice cream and a pineapple rum sauce.  I almost asked for a spoon to get the last of the pineapple sauce.  Plus, it's in the Clarendon Hotel.  The decor is hip, the vibe is very cool, and they let you use the pool if you ride the Critical Mass bike ride.  They have rooftop seating.  I haven't tried them yet, but I hear the drinks are great.  Plus, they use locally-sourced food.  What's not to love?  I'll be back there Tuesday for the taco special!
5	So, I had a mid week appointment down town to look at a loft and decided to bring the girl along for a date night. I wasn't sure what to do at first, she wanted either Mexican or pizza (can't go wrong with either, IMO!). After posting a forum question (Thank's to my boy Brian T) to the Yelp'ers (which promptly high jacked the thread, and some great shananagins insued), all the regulars weighed in with either Cibo (over pizza bianco due to the wait) or Gallo. We (really, she's the boss in this releationship lol) elected for Gallo due to the Roof Top bar, and the fact that they were having the Flamenco Dancing. Well, we showed up around 7:30. Parking was a sinch, ton's of open spaces. And as we were walking up, we both said "sounds like a party is happing!". Sure enough, we walk into the lobby of hotel Clarendon Hotel to a full house (never would'a known from the bare parking lot). The Dancing was in full effect, and raging like a bull in a china shop! Naturaly, I wanted to walk over and join in however its for professionals only. Amateurs may only watch in pure enjoyment. We walked through the awesomeness to the hoestes, who sat us immediately (no wait?!?!? Wow!). We were promptly greated by an extremly polite server (So sorry, my memory is like swiss cheese. I wanted to mention his name though) who took our drink order, and suggested a Margarita for the girl. Naturaly, I needed no suggestion on alchol; I selected a nice White wine (pairs with Mexican food like garlic to bread) and we were off! We ordered the Elote corn, house guacamole for starters. Both were amazing! Im a big fan of elote corn (thanks to an amazing sister in law and brother, I found out about this treat!) and the guacomole was super fresh! For dinner we split a Carne Asada Meat Torta and a Carne Asada burrito. Both were amazing! We split all of this, and were stuffed to the brim...with left overs! i spent $60 for 2 great drinks and all of this food. perfect date price! I will be going back as often as I can! Great atmosphere, decore, and food is out of this world!!! Only bad things; The drink she ordered at first, a Prickly Pear Margarita was out of service (not sure how that happens, but OK, your busy. I understand...this once cause I got the glare, not Gallo). But the 2nd one hit her spot perfectly. Noise. Definatly our fault. We knew the Dancing was going on, however we could barely here our selves speak and we were about 40 feet away from the shindig. During winter, when its on the roof will be great!
5	Had breakfast @ Gallo Blanco for the first time today.  A friend and I, in our usual sweet/savory breakfast quandry, opted to split the chillequilles (sp?) and the flapjacks.  I love that they call them "flapjacks."  The chillequilles did not disappoint.  They were 2 sunny-side-up eggs atop a bed of green chile with chicken and tortillas.  The sauce was to die for.  The flapjacks rivaled those at Matt's Big Breakfast.  They are made with sour cream, and are mighty tasty.  We had to ask for extra syrup, though.  Gallo Blanco has fresh-squeezed OJ, which is pretty much requisite for a 5-star rating from me.  As usual, the people-watching at Gallo Blanco can't be beat.  Our server was a little slow with the beverage refills this morning, but not enough to lose a star.  I want to eat everything on the menu, and I think I will make that my personal goal this year!
5	Amazing Mexican food and the drinks are knock you on your ass good.  Have the guacamole and a madre then come and talk to me.
5	NACO TORTE!  MECHELADA! I CRAVE YOU!!! Go WED night and watch AMAZING Flamenco!  I'm afraid I go there too much as it is!  GALLO I LOVE YOU!
4	What a fun place! Go during happy hour for $5 margaritas and sangrias and appetizers. Who doesn't like chili verde with fried egg? All their dishes are so fresh and fun... Great place for meeting friends or coworkers.
5	I cannot express how I long for Gallo's tacos, gaccamole, and their fries. Not living in the phoenix area anymore, I think of them often and know that when I am back I will be stopping again for a meal. Food is always good, tastey and fresh. The service has always been wonderful, and the chef has even been out to our table to see if we were enjoying ourselves. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing with great art to look at. I highly recomend to anyone loocing for a great casual meal.
5	Quality food.  Great flavor.  Killer guacamole.
5	Went here for the first time based on a friend's suggestion and I have to say they were right!  The food was great...I got to have breakfast for dinner, which I always enjoy (steak and eggs).  The drinks are also very good.  As an added bonus, we took our drinks up to the rooftop and enjoyed the view.  I have no hesitation in recommending this place to any of my friends.
4	I came across an article on Gallo Blanco and was intrigued by the write up that I wanted to go and try it. The chef is Doug Robson who was born in Mexico, and came to local fame as the original chef at La Grande Orange. On a note of whimsy my wife and I decided to make the long haul from the North Desert Mountains down to that resurging downtown Phoenix area. Of course I'm always skeptical on the idea that down Phoenix is turning into a real downtown where people are on the streets after 5pm. However; one has to be careful using this measure as a sign that turnaround is happening as no one is on the streets on a hot September night.Upon arriving at the address the navigation system lead us to, I recall thinking "this just doesn't look good". The building was one of those nondescript 8 story 1970's building with a  "Clarendon Hotel" sign and in another boxy red sign "Gallo Blanco". At the door to the Clarendon was a glowing orb that was reminiscent of something Spock may have had in his bedroom during "Pon Farr".Summoning up the courage of the force, we got out and ventured into this quirky environment and I'm glad that we did. We entered through the hotel and the restaurant literally runs into the lobby although they are two very distinct and non related businesses. The restaurant itself reminded me of the scene in Seattle in the early 90's. It was youthful with a funky vibe going on and had Chicano art dotting the walls. We decided to sit in the bar as it seemed to have a lively scene going on. Our waitress was a very hip and cool gal, from of all places, New Jersey by way of Colorado. My wide ordered the White Sangria and I asked our waitress what she recommended. When she said that they fresh squeeze all their juices, I immediately ordered a margarita. You used to be able to find a good margarita in this town, but now all you find is syrupy pre mixed crap. Well this, my friends, was a great and fabulously refreshing margarita. You just can't go wrong with fresh squeezed lime juice.After tasting the margarita I noticed that they also had Augua Fresca's and I had a feeling these would be good as well. We ordered the Honey Dew fresca and Wow, what a refreshing drink and not to sweet.We ordered some appetizers, as we like to sample a lot of different flavors at new restaurant. We started with the guacamole. They charge for chips and salsa but if you order the guac they bring chips and salsa. The guac was very good, but the chips left a little on the table. Of course I am a chip snob and only fresh made chips piping hot ever perk my interest. I found these a little flat. The salsas were okay with the tomatillo being good and the red salsa being a little spicy but nothing stellar. They were also served in squeeze bottles. Guess the economy has impacted everyone.We decided to order one more app which was the "Chicarron de Queso", or for the laymen: "Fried Cheese". While this has nothing to do with Chicahrrones its fried Manchengo cheese and is really good, but extremely rich, which our waitress  did warn us about. After that we each ordered the entire line up of Tacos (steak, pork, fish, vegetable, and shrimp). They are served street style with little fresh made corn tortillas. The fish tacos were made with Alaskan Halibut and were delicious. The steak tacos had a wonderful flavor and the pork tacos created a "tacos al pastor" simulation that was devine with a fresh bit of pineapple to sweeten things up.  The shrimp taco didn't disappoint, and the vegetable tacos were the surprise of the night with a wonderful fresh and inviting flavor. We also ordered a Mexican ear of street corn. This is grilled and rolled in some mayo and Cojita cheese..yum yum yum.At this point we were just too full for desert. The food has a wonderful freshness to it and I would definitely go back again. We have heard that the "Chilaquiles Verdes" are really good as well.Dress casual, adopt an easy going attitude, and leave all pretense at home and you will have a wonderful dining experience here. It does give one hope that central Phoenix may indeed be making a small comeback after all.
4	I'd wanted to eat here for the longest time and when JD's mom wanted to take us to dinner on Tuesday- this was our destination of choice. Didn't even know that on "taco tuesday" if you order two tacos the third is free- Bonus!! Mom had a grilled halibut and a shrimp taco. JD had the freebie-a steak taco. All three were very well received. We also had an order of the much heralded guac and it definitely lived up to its hype! It was chunky and perfectly concocted and I was tempted to lick the serving bowl, but refrained in the presence of my *hopefully* future mom-in-law. I am obSESSed with chilaquiles so natch I ordered that. When asked how I preferred my eggs I said "as hard as possible" to which our server suggested scrambled. I decided to go for it. My plate arrived and it was really good, but admittedly, something was lost from the overall taste of the meal without the fried eggs. I'm glad I tried it and I did clean my plate, but I think fried would have made the dish even better.JD had the carne asada burrito and was sad when it arrived all beany (he despises beans of any kind and the beans weren't noted on the menu). Our server quickly rushed away the bean filled burro and replaced it with another bean free one. This was amazing- I tasted it. So in the end, everyone was happy! I love the laid back vibe, the cool location and the super friendly servers. I will be back to have the chilaquiles again with fried eggs. And I wouldn't mind having some tacos as well!
1	I've never felt as unwelcome in a restaurant as I did last night at Gallo Blanco. My friend Dixon and I were participants in a mass bike ride through town called Critical Mass. The organizer has an arrangement with the Clarendon Hotel, which is the location for Gallo Blanco. As far as we knew, it was mutually understood that the cyclists were welcome to come by after the ride, grab a drink and use the pool.From the moment we walked in, the GM was all over the two of us. I should make it clear that neither of us have anything to do with organizing the event. It was almost as if he thought we were trying to "pull one over on him" when we repeatedly told him we were not organizers and thought everything was agreed upon in advance.Honestly I'm not sure what difference it makes anyway, as we were just like any other patron, dressed normally and wanted to get a drink from the bar. Our mode of transportation should not have made any difference at all. He said "this is my restaurant" to us, as if we were not wanted there.The GM could sense my annoyance, even though he was interrogating Dixon. He looked over and offered to buy us a drink "when this all gets sorted out." He then pointed us over to the corner and told us to "just wait over here." I can understand not wanting a chaotic scene in a dining room, but this was insulting. The GM never returned to tell us he had spoken to "our leader."After a few minutes of standing around in the corner, we went to the bar to order drinks. While ordering, the GM walked up, but said nothing. He did not make good on his promise to buy a drink for our troubles, which wasn't really surprising.I wish I had even one thing nice to say about this venue because I'm sure under different circumstances, it would have been a good experience. I doubt I will be driving or biking to Gallo Blanco any time in the future.
3	gallo blanco makes me a saaaaaaaaaaaaaad panda. seriously whats up, dude? the service lately has been pretty crappy. way disappointed. i keep hoping it's an off night but that's turned into a pattern so i can't excuse it any longer. the food is still good, but it takes forever. and the worst part, the last two times i ordered cochinita tacos they were dry and one was just grissle. what the heck are yall doin back there? i want the old gallo back.
5	I've been back. Many times. The past four times have been for breakfast. Usually, I'm not a fan of breakfast, but Gallo Blanco's breakfast is a perfect meal. I always order the Huevos Rancheros, sunny side up. It is my perfect breakfast. I've brought a new friend each time, and they always come to the same conclusion as me.Let me tell you about my breakfast. On bottom, you've got two corn tortilla quesadillas, each with just the right amount of cheese. Enough so that the tortillas aren't dry, but not so much that you're overwhelmed by the quesadilla. It is not the star of this meal, and the cook who made it knows it. On top of the quesadillas are two perfectly cooked eggs. The bottoms of these sunny eggs are still white - they're that perfect. Plus, they taste so wonderful and fresh that I think a chicken laid 'em that morning. Over the eggs is possibly one of the best salsas in the valley (that's right I said it, and yes, I know I live in a salsa-rich city). But don't fear, the salsa isn't drenching it's bottom components, it's baby-bear (just right). A little cilantro sprinkled on top with a side of beans (complete with crumbled cheese) and I call this the ticket to a happy stomach. Eat it or anything on the breakfast menu. Enjoy it. (PS: on weekend mornings, I have NEVER encountered any poor service. I've always found the restaurant to be extremely welcoming.)
3	It wasn't horrible but it also wasn't great.  I was expecting to be wowed, but wasn't.  The service was not very good and the food was just ok.  The pork I got had a lot of fat, the guacamole was a little too chunky and therefore was just like eating a cut up avacoda with every once in a while spice added.  Oh well.
4	It is brave to make yet another Mexican restaurant in an area flooded with them. The key here is uniqueness.At first I was a bit reluctant as restaurants in hotels don't tent to be that great.On the outside there is a bright orange eatery inside a repainted old hotel. The entrance is also the hotel lobby entrance, and the hostess stand is located awkwardly in the middle of the dinning room.For lunch it was quiet busy with with many parties of 2 filling up the 4 tops and a sole person holding down a table of 8, so we sat at the dark bar.A quick glance at the menu found a few veggie options like veggie tacos and fish tacos. I went with 2 veggie one fish and we split a guacamole.The guacamole was good, rough mashed avocado with cojeta cheese on top. The real star was the red hot sauce, it was thick like a paste, and had a really deep flavor beyond that of just spicy. The chips were nothing special.Our tacos arrive in a neat meal \/\/\/ . With one lime per 3 tacos.  The veggies were good nicely roasted with a nice texture and savory rich flavor. The tortilla was a crude hand made tortilla that had a moist thickness to it that I liked.  The fish in the fish taco had a great flavor sear to it.I saw on the board a 2 for 1 taco Tuesday that would be a great deal. Either way I just want more of that hot sauce.
5	Upgrading Gallo Blanco to 5 stars as it is now one of our favorite places to eat downtown.Even after switching to eating vegan, Gallo Blanco still rocks for us! I'd recommend:Chips & guacamole with no cheese (some of THE best guac in town)A couple veggie tacos (these come with no cheese by default)Other options:side of jasmine rice with green tomatillo salsaside of beans with no cheese+ moreBoth their red & green spicy sauces are vegan and delicious (ask for them!!).My previous qualms about their beer selection have been resolved. They have a tasty craft-brewed amber or pale ale on tap almost every time that we visit.
4	All I can say is WOW!, went there to get a break from the normal hospital food thats 3/4 of a mile south. Has the tortilla soup, and loved it, though i think they may have been running low because our bowl was 1/2 full and when other family went a few days later they said their bowls where 3/4 full.Guacamole was great, and there was plenty for 5 people to share in the order. tryed a carne asada taco and it was great, I gotta go back to get more soon.the desserts where awesome, the thres leche cake with coconut icecream and pineapple was great, the also had a lime tart, which was basically keylime pie, but not so thick. it was great as well.deffinatly gonna go back and try a few other things on the menu.
2	After reading all these great reviews, I'm wondering if maybe I (and my husband) just ordered the wrong thing, because we thought this place kind of sucked. The chips and salsa were very good and they give you four different types of salsa. The ambiance was cool. However, the food took FOREVER (like, 45 minutes at lunchtime) to come out. This wouldn't be so bad if the food was slap-yo-mama-in-the-face good, but to our disappointment, there will be no slapping our mamas in the face after eating at Gallo Blanco. The carne asada tacos were pretty crappy. The meat was fatty, tough and bland. My husband got the pork torta and he said it was just 'ok'. Sorry, wanted to like this place, but it's not gonna happen.
2	Red and Green salsa was good, Guacamole was also good, taco's were ok, margaritas were ok nothing special.over priced and crappy service even when there is only 2 other tables in the whole restaurant.
5	5 Stars if the place would stand up anywhere. It would. 1- It "melds" well with the funky-hip urban "vibe" of the Clarendon Hotel - something prior entrepreneurs didn't do as effectively. 2- Both the chef and the "bottle hunter" are experts who live and breathe what they love - cooking and curating alcohol. It shows. For instance: There was a Scottish whiskey I fell in love with during the '90s I haven't seen in a while -single malt aged in charred port casks, wonderfully smooth and india-ink black in color- and mis-remembered its label - ordering that label at Gallo Blanco. When I protested and described the scotch I had hoped for, the bottle hunter came over to apologize [for my own ignorance?-unnecssary but wonderfully gracious of him] and explain the whiskey I wanted stopped production over a decade ago because it's color never found market acceptance. How many people would have that at their fingertips? What to eat? Anything! It's all locally-sourced prepared by food artists! My own obsessive choice is Chilaquiles Verdes - heavenly green chile sauce poured over free-range perfectly roasted chicken topped with delicious shredded cheese and free-range eggs sunnyside up - a breakfast they serve all day and night. I hit that my 5th visit and it's kept me from sampling the entire menu so far...but I've nibbled on my companions' choices. ...And then there's the rooftop lounge. But that's for another night.
4	Finally! I finally made it into Gallo Blanco. First of all, loved the new space. The expansion of the restaurant into the lobby of the hotel provided more room. Let me point out, its been on my list for awhile, but Phoenix Magazine's cover made it down right mouth watering.Must haves:Guacamole: Made fresh to order. The addition of orange slices was quite nice, and I would definitely order it again.Shrimp tacos: By far, my favorite of all taco's sampled. I have to admit, I did fill up on Guac, so I could only taste the other taco's. Next time, I have to save room for my meal :) The price was fantastic. Great Value.
3	Bummer. I was pretty disappointed with this place considering it's 200+ reviews and 4-star rating. It's ALMOST there but there's just something not quite right... and I think its the service. From the hostess to the bartender and server - everyone was very slow and seemed VERY inexperienced. At the bar and our table we waited more than five minutes before we were acknowledged and then it was another 15 before we got drinks or water (which we had to ask for again). No bueno. The vibe is okay but didn't have me jumping for joy. There are plenty of cool, hip Mexican restaurants in Phoenix and I won't be running back here expect for maybe a happy hour after work and some small bites. The food as dinner wasn't worth the $70 price tag. We had the "famous" guacamole - okay, it was good with the mango bites, but any bite without a mango was really bland.. basically squished avocado. We did the ceviche - fresh but nothing spectacular. One of each taco... the best was absolutely the carne asada.
5	Gallo Blanco has a wonderful menu and even my kids enjoy it. There's heavy steak and eggs for the guys in my family, tacos and wonder huevos dishes on the lighter side. Their drinks are really delicious also. I like the ambience and put this restaurant on our top list.
4	Check your preconceptions of hotel lobby restaurants at the door.  Gallo Blanco is legit.We were in town for a conference and stayed by the Convention Center.  While solidly impressed by the public spaces downtown, we weren't as jazzed by the culinary choices in the downtown core.Thank goodness we had some local friends who could show us some of the outstanding local flavor.  Gallo Blanco is Mexico City cuisine... according to our waiter.  I've not been to the big city, so cannot corroborate the authenticity.  It also didn't really matter to me because the food is hella good, wherever it originates.Our apps... Guacamole and chips and elotes, row of tacos (fish, pork, steak), and duo of tortas (I got the one with the eggs), we're all delicious, fresh, and tasty.Gallo Blanco also makes excellent margaritas, traditional and prickly pear style.  That's why we had 10 of them!
5	Went to @ClarendonHotel for the Halloween bash. Stopped in to @GalloBlanco for dinner.My girlfriend's first time in.We ordered one each of the cochinita (pork), carne asada beef, and pescado (fish) tacos.The pork was PHENOMENAL! Great flavor and seasoning, delicious.The beef was equally good, but my girl dominated that one. :DThe fish taco, with ahi and red cabbage, and guacamole, was unbelievably good.See, I'm not a fan of seafood in my tacos. Or even in any of my mexican food.But I would order a dozen of these, and want more!The crunch of the cabbage was a great contrast to the ahi, and the guacamole made for a perfect finish.Thanks for another great meal! You have a new fan, as well. :)
4	The tacos are awesome, and quite reasonable during happy hour. I prefer the beef and the veggie. I've had the shrimp a couple times and they are usually overcooked and a little rubbery. I like the pork, my friends didn't like them as much as I did. The fish tacos change with the fish that's currently available. A MUST try is the guacamole. Its a little pricey at $8 but only $5 during happy I think.
4	I've been to Gallo Blanco several times now and will visit again. Overall I have had good experiences, and the food is yummy as well. I recommend to visit for happy hour and take advantage of the specials. The tacos are delicious, but the servings are small, so HH is definitely the way to go for the price.I've tried all of their tacos and the carne asada and vegetable are my favorite. The carne asada has an amazing charred, vibrant flavor, and the veggies are always perfectly cooked, not soggy. The fish changes as does the market, and they have been pretty good. I really enjoyed the seared tuna when they offered it. The pork taco is good as well, but the sauce is very sweet so it's not my favorite. The shrimp taco is my least favorite, as it has been over cooked each time I've had it. I really enjoy their guacamole - the citrus in it is what makes it! It has a nice mix of sweetness, tangy, and spicy. We have had it once, however, when it tasted completely different and was a little bland. Maybe a different cook?The service is usually good. Sometimes it's a little slow, which is surprising as the place hasn't been super busy when we've been there, but we also know we've had some servers that were brand new, and they definitely tried their hardest, getting all of our questions answered even when they didn't know the answers just yet. Don't miss out on the horchata, either. I believe they make it themselves in house, and it is fabulous! Not too heavy or creamy. Getting one to go is a must on your way out! The setting of the restaurant is nice. It's not overwhelmingly modern or artsy - but their furniture and tables are unique. It gets pretty dark in the restaurant once the sun sets and you'll be under candle light. I believe they change out the artwork, since I have seen different things, which keeps it interesting.
3	Went for a small dinner a week ago. Had the ceviche and a few tacos. Sat on the patio on a beautiful night, and glad we did. They had flamenco dancers and live music inside which is cool but way to loud for a restaurant setting. So the server forgot to put in our order then tried to BS me when I asked about it. But to his credit they comped the tacos. Ceviche was pretty good. Plenty of shrimp and was nice and citrusy with avocados and pico. Beef taco was alright nothing special. But the shrimp tacos were super tasty. They are tiny street style two bite tacos, but really good. Although only one shrimp per taco which is a little chinsy. Will definately be back.
4	We had a wonderful meal with a large, diverse, and (I'll admit it) demanding party at Gallo Blanco.The food was fantastic: truly memorable guacamole, lovely, innovative salad, yummy home-made tortillas, varied, delicious salsas, and artful tacos.Most memorable was the staff--Steve in particular--who was no-nonsense, down to earth, and also totally accommodating and charming.  Pretty sure I'd be a regular if I lived in Phoenix, and I would def. love to stay at the Clarendon, which looks like a lovely, quirky boutique hotel.More please!
5	I dream about the tacos at Gallo Blanco.  This is where I truly learned to love a taco.  The best dish is the fries though.  They are crispy, fresh cut and come with a spicy aioli that I would marry if such unions were possible.  Either Wed or Tues is their Flamenco night and it is worth the visit.
4	I absolutely love Gallo! It's my favorite place to come in after a long work week. I prefer their delicious tortas - primarily their fish and vegetable ones! Their vegetable tacos are also very tasty, though the tortilla usually gets too soggy to stay together and I often have to finish my taco with a fork. Their menu is rather diverse and there is something for everyone. Overall, this is the only place that I have been able to find where I can get a good vegetable torta and still be able to bring along my family and meat eating friends without having to beg for company. Their happy hours specials ( I definitely recommend their sangria), taco Thursdays and flamenco nights are also a treat. The service is usually very friendly, accommodating and helpful. Did I mention that their dessert is to die for and that they serve Cartel Coffee?! I have tried every single dessert item on their menu and have absolutely fallen in love with their Orange Cake. It was love at first bite - just moist, tangy and sweet enough to satisfy my dessert needs. The portion is rather large, so I suggest you share! If you have not tried Cartel Coffee (they have a location in Tempe) I highly suggest that you do, the flavor is bold, rich and nutty - it does not disappoint. The only downside to having Cartel Coffee at Gallo, is that Gallo rarely carries soy milk or a soy creamer so that is usually an issue for those of us that can't process dairy too well.Lastly, I can't think of a better joint in town that serves fresh Mexican food with as much flare as Gallo does - their execution is superb, their location is ideal, and the atmosphere is tres chic.
5	Excellent food. Only Mexican food place downtown I frequent with any regularity. Service can be slow depending on the server but I'll gladly wait for the guacamole, chicharron, burgers, tortas, chilaquiles and don't even get me started on the tacos. Long live Gallo!
3	Two friends invited me to go out for lunch and it was decided to go to Gallo Blanco. We arrived during the lunch hour so we had about a 10 minute wait. Not bad for lunch hour. There was a lot of activity and while you waited you had to continually move to get out of the way of others. The decor is pleasant and fits the restaurant theme. I would call this place trendy. This is not a bad word. I use this word to describe the make up of some restaurants. Mostly young, this is the place to eat, fresh local food, no preservatives added. One friend got the Ensalada Cortada salad, other got the Ceviche and the Ahi Tacos. I got a Ahi taco and Quesadilla. Two of us had Ice tea, the other a diet coke. I know everyone enjoyed the meal and company of each other. I was told the salad was very good. I did not do a taste test. I did try the Ceviche. I have never eaten it before so I do not have anything to judge it from. The presentation was good. (looked good to the eye) I was expecting it to have a more spicy taste. It did not taste bad in any way. It just did not taste as I expected. The Ahi tacos were excellent. The Ahi was cooked just right. Seared lightly. The Ice tea was a peach flavored and was very good. The waiter could of done a better job of keeping them filled. I thought the food was priced right maybe a little high for the portion size. Everything I had was taste. I would definitely return again to try something different. Except I would have to have another Ahi taco. The portions are small so order a little more than you would at most restaurants. Oh and enjoy. The best part was dining with friends. We had a great time eating and talking.Would of given 4 stars if the waiter and been more attentive. I will definitely give them another try.
3	Gallo Blanco Cafe has amazing food, however the service needs a lot of help.  My first visit was one of the worst customer service nightmares I've ever had dining out.  My second visit was much better, however I think our waiter must have been high on drugs.  During my second visit my friend and I ordered the fried manchego cheese appetizer and it arrived after our main entree.  Really???  I wish this place would get it's act together.  I'm very fearful in recommending Gallo to my friends and clients.  I've vowed to give Gallo one more shot and if it's not at least a good experience, I won't be back.  I work too hard for my money to throw it away in an establishment I don't believe in.
5	The Naco Torta RULES!!!I've been here just once and still don't dare to try the tacos (yes, perfection still stays in Mexico), but the torta and a bite of one of their hamburgers...was a good sample of the tasty food they have here. Place has a really cool decoration, that actually you want to check in one room and enjoy later the jacuzzi!
4	As I walked into Gallo Blanco, I felt like I left Arizona in 2010 and entered a big city in 1975 with its incredible retro vibe. Making its home within the Clarendon, Gallo Blanco has quite the reputation in Phoenix, so needless to say I was excited to check it out. The atmosphere at Gallo Blanco is vivacious and packed full of restaurant goers most nights of the week. The bar is intimate as is the seating area. With a modern meets Mexico feel to it, the character begs for you to have a margarita and guacamole the second you sit down. Since it's crowded and not overly large, be prepared to wait if you visit in the evening during prime dinner hours. However, if you are forced to wait, they invite you to wait at the rooftop bar or by the retro pool and they'll call your cell phone when they are ready for you. Now let's move on to the food and drinks. Their margaritas as excellent. Not too sweet and not too thick. I could easily have 1...2...or 6 of them. The guacamole is tangy and tasty. I think I tasted some pineapple chunks in there and the taste had a nice kick to it. As for the entrees, I need to give Gallo Blanco another try. I liked what I had, but it wasn't what I expected. I ordered the honey chicken with tortillas and expected it to be almost fajita style. Instead, it came out as a full half chicken that I had to cut and make my own tortilla. Once I got through cutting through the whole chicken, the marinade and seasoning on the fresh tortillas accompanied by the sauce was quite tasty, but it was the process getting there that makes me want to try something else on the menu. We sat on the patio since it was a busy night, which was nice and quiet. Next time when I try something different in the cuisine department, I'd also like to dine inside as well. All in all, I had a good experience at Gallo and I give the overall evening four stars, but I will need to experience the cuisine there a couple more times to really rate it to a higher extent.
4	This was not my first choice as i looked to yelp to find a in city mexican restaurant to take my friend visitig from seattle to but it was one of the few opened on monday . My next visit it will be the first place i choose this place rocks Great food and prices a great wait person who found out it was our first visit and gave us the skinny on all the dishes and be sure to ask for the salsa's, excellent guac, tuna tacos and pork tacos they also serve breakfast next on the agenda
5	My wife and I ate here last night and were extremly happy. We started with drinks at the bar, which started the night out perfectlly, then we had an appetizaer, which was a tower of cheese ( a sculpture of grilled cheese, like the hard grilled cheese on the sides of a grilled cheese sandwich). I had the tacos, they may be small, but they were packed by taste. My wife had the fish of the day, and that day it was halibut, my wife said it was the best fish she ever had. The service was great, overall a great smalll place to eat.
5	Everything I have tried here is delish!!!! I don't care for most Mexican food (it's the one type of food I try to avoid aside from chips and salsa) but this place has become one of my FAVORITE restaurants! I've been twice in one week and have been telling everybody about it! The atmosphere is fun, the service is great, and the food is unbeatable! They have delicious chips and salsa! The salads are phenomenal, with all sorts of fresh fruits from pumpkin to pomegranate mixed in, and the seared ahi tuna torta is incredible! Their iced tea even tastes special, and so far all of the desserts are out out of this world!  I especially liked the smore one!  I love that they have a wide range of choices, definitely not just typical Mexican options here.
5	Holy S@*#! wow and wow.
3	Good food, nice ambiance, so-so service.Took my bro and his wife for dinner, they had never been to Gallo. I'm not sure about you,  but when I say a spot is good, and I take new people there, I really expect and hope that my guests have a great time.Sadly, the service at Gallo isn't the best. They used to have this amazing woman from the UK there, in addition to being super cute, she was a great server. Unfortunately, she is gone, and my time machine is broken.We arrived at dinner around 6pm on a weeknight, and the place was about half full. It took quite a bit to get water, and a server to take drink and app orders. I ordered a beer, which for some reason took over ten minutes to arrive. I looked over at the kitchen area, and it looked like there were five employees doing sidework, and stuff that usually happens when the place is slow/empty. That's totally cool, but you would think taking care of customers would come first.The food was good, my brother had some tacos, sister in law had a burro, I had shrimp tacos. I like the food, my guests did too, except that the chips got no love. They are pretty uninspired, cold and thick. Perhaps a new kind could be tried? The salsas are good, but the chips are like dollar theater nacho style.Overall, I recommended this spot, the food is worth it, and hopefully the service can pick it up a bit.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in town. Fresh OJ, all local ingredients, except for the fish which is flown in daily from CA, on ice. The Huevos Rancheros is premiere. Ask for salsa and they have 2 very good ones. It's located in the bottom of the Clarendon, which is an Art Hotel, with great local art that seems to be rotated monthly. I would actually give them 4.5 stars, I have to take a 1/2 point off for under cooking their eggs. If you don't want them runny ask for over hard or fully cooked, over medium was runny. Great little patio and an awesome environment all around.
5	Went here before a Phx Suns game. DELICIOUS! Everything on the menu looked amazing. I forgot what it was called, but the open-faced steak sandwich was my favorite! All the dishes were even presented nicely! Will definitely eat here again!
5	We had our White Elephant for Couchsurfers and everybody left smiling with a silly/useful gift and happy tummies! This time I've tried the pork torta and again...good flavors and very similar to the taste you'll get on a real mexican torta. Everybody loved the guacamole and between sangria and margarita...go with Margarita!
5	For some reason, I always get stuck in a rut at most restaurants.  I find one menu item that's my favorite, and I rarely to never stray.  However, something about Gallo Blanco makes me bold, and I've ordered something different on many occasions... and now, I don't even think I have a favorite dish anymore.  I think I have about 7.  You really can't go wrong at this place.  It's fantastic.
4	One of the best Mexican Restaurants in Phoenix. Hands down.You must try the NAco and the dessert called Tres Leches!
5	Number. One. Fan.Yep, I said it. I'm their number one freaking fan. Where do I start? Location and History: inside the historic Clarendon Hotel. If you don't know the story of Don Bolles -- the Arizona Republic reporter who was murdered by the PHX mafia in the hotel's parking lot -- then acquaint yourself on some crazy PHX background. The hotel has some (rather poorly enlarged, unfortunately) newspaper clippings and photos on this throughout its hallways that lead to the bathroom. Anyway, look up the story, then drop some knowledge on your fellow diners -- they will certainly appreciate the space on a whole new level.Food: Reasonably priced and yum-yum. Tortas, street-style tacos, Mexi brunch, dessert (fresh fruit and crema is light, sweet and perfect end to, say, a giant carna asada burrito), I love it all. I cannot rave enough about their Ejote, or Mexican Grilled Corn. I make everyone I take here try it and have turned them all into addicts. Not to mention, their food is from local farms and much of it is organic...say, what?? For the price, the taste and the guilt-free experience, you simply cannot beat it. I have one note of warning, do NOT get sucked into the curiosity surrounding their Chicharron de Queso (which comes with the quip on their menu: "This is NOT a quesadilla, gringos"). It's basically fried cheese. Sounds so simple and weird that you think Well, it must be more than it sounds, to be on the menu! Nope, it tastes just like the bits of shredded cheese that fall out of your grilled cheese onto the skillet and get half burnt. But everything else I've tried gets a thumbs up. Live entertainment and extras: Flamenco music and dancing demos every Wednesday = awesome. Held inside the lobby (viewable from most seats in the dining room) or on the roof when it's cooler. Sunday cool baby night -- DJs and hipster mingling on the roof, complete with makeshift bar.Odds and Ends: The pool area and roof top. Pool area is fantastic with its brightly colored tile, water wall of glass and cacti. Soothing, beautiful and a great spot for out-of-towners to relax. Not to mention the City of Phoenix logo sculpture, which, as Bonnie G pointed out, is a great spot to snag photos with your visiting friends and family. The roof top area is just perfect -- a great view of the city, tons of comfy padded patio furniture. Between getting to tell newcomers about the cool history, take them up to the roof and introduce them to the Valley's best Ejote, this is my top "hidden gem" in Phoenix. I take my parents here and I take dates here, it's just that versatile and cool.  As such: Number. One. Fan.
3	Chilaquiles Verdes were AMAZING - 4.5 for those Unfortunately, everything else was sub-par: Fish Tacos - 2.5 starsVeggie Tacos - 3 stars, wanted more veggies, less guac & picoChips & Guac - 2 starsWould maybe come back for the Chilaquiles Verdes, but nothing else.  Guess I was expecting more from this place...(not to mention the female server we had was super rude)
5	As the stars say..."As good as it gets". Carne Asada Tacos are the best, but I like to mix them up when I order, so I get the shrimp, chicken and pork for variety. Their hot sauce (red) is so good, I like to squirt it in my mouth (this is where Dumb and Dumber got if from), also the freshest guacamole in the valley. Breakfast is great here. I always have the flapjacks ($5.00) with real, authentic, bonafide, verifyable Maple Syrup, not colored corn syrup. The breakfast burrito is good for two and the coffee is so soul satisfying.I'm going to work the rest of the menu till I try it all. This guys is a real artist and cares about his food and custumers. More, more, more like this is needed.
4	Is it wrong to covet guacamole at odd hours?  I almost always order guacamole (which somehow always tastes better than my own) and a 1/2 salad 1/2 torta combo.  Usually the kortada salad but they have a new one with pomegranate seeds and blue cheese.  The blue cheese didn't add much to the flavor mix for me but the salad itself is delicious.  The tortas are always good, I usually go for fish and the selection does vary.  Most times it's white fish lightly grilled (but highly seasoned) but yesterday I got lucky and got ahi tuna of all things.  A fotuitous and lucky surprise!I love the Clarendon hotel, I'm glad to see that this restaurant is sticking around.  The place had a hard time getting a restaurant to stick for awhile and this one appears to be a winner.
5	I love street food, I love small portions, I love guacamole, I love refried beans - now that you know these things about me, now that I've revealed the Latina part of my soul that burns under this German facade, it's really not hard to see why this place would get 5 stars from this chica. They do all of the above perfectly. If you are looking for an enourmous, sloppy, flavorless burrito combo plate with a large diet coke, this is not your gig. Looking back, I feel like they possibly took a long time to serve our food, but it's probably because I was sipping fizzy orange vodka that has tampered my memory, not to mention I wanted to nosh real bad. Our waiter was sweet and incredibly busy, so as long as my glass was full, I was feliz. Might have to hop the light rail for a verdura taco tonight, cuz I just can't get my veggies to taste like that at home.
4	Gallo Blanco is one of my favorites in Phoenix. The ceviche and guacamole are unbeatable, and the tacos are super yummy (carne asada is my favorite). I love the fresh ingredients and great flavors. Service is hit or miss, but the food is worth it!
4	After months of the daily running route right past Gallo Blanco.....we made it to Gallo Blano Cafe a few weeks ago. Although it was crowded, and a 20 min wait, the hostess was a sweet young gal who checked on us a few times while we waited. Each time, apologizing for the wait. No worries, the Prickly Pear Margarita held me over.  Loved the fact that we could order a combination of tacos (LOVE the shrimp and tuna), fresh guacamole and chips along with a few more drinks and leave with a bill less than $40!  We sat at the back "bar" which looked directly into the kitchen but it worked for us. Since this review has taken me a while to complete (ooops!), we have been back two more times. Each time, we rave the entire way home about how much we like GB.  Sad to hear they could no longer use the logo!
4	Joined @SMUNCHPhoenix at @GalloBlanco.For my first breakfast at Gallo, I ordered Chilaquiles Verde, and my girlfriend had the Chorizo and Eggs.We were both very happy with our choices!The chilaquiles was delicious, with the crispy corn tortillas providing a nice contrast.The chorizo and eggs were definitely in line with what I consider to be authentic.I am definitely a fan of Gallo, and will return as often as time and money allow.
4	I just discovered this place today and it was really nice.  Very comfortable, and relaxed.  My friends and I sat and talked for 3 hours and it was very homey with cute couches and chairs.  The art was unique, and same with the decor.  I had the Margaretta, and I could easily tell it was fresh, with pulp in the drink.  Fantastic and only $5 with happy hour.  The guacamole was great quality, and very fresh.  I had the ahi tuna, shrimp and carne astada tacos, and they reminded me of this great place I found in Rocky Point.  I got a glimpse of the pool area and it looks very trendy and fun, I will be going back when the weather warms up.Definitely a great place to go, relax, and eat quality food.
4	I LOVE the food here and the ambiance.  The service can be slow...like sometimes really slow without any apparent reason...but the staff is also generally friendly.  Even with the mixed service, Gallo Blanco is one of my every day standbys...I eat here regularly and never get tired of the food!
4	I've been meaning to check out Gallo Blanco for a long time now, I'm sad it took me so long to finally do it. The atmosphere is relaxed and inviting with an artsy and youthful vibe. The staff were all courteous and friendly. My friend and I ordered the guacamole to start, there was plenty to share and was it very tasty. I had the carne asada burrito, which was quite large and very good. Everything tasted fresh and it wasn't very "heavy" for a carne asada burrito. My friend had the breakfast burrito and he loved it. I think he summed it up best saying, "Seriously, if you want to come back tomorrow morning for breakfast, call me."We'll both be back, definitely!
5	this place is pretty amazing.  very attentive staff.  Not to mention the food (locally grown) was delicious and tasted fresh and homemade.  We got in a little early and was advised that a soup was being made but would not be ready for 30 minutes (since it was made fresh).  I waited and was absolutely blown away by the flavor.  Definitely worth it.  And we got to munch on some delicious tortilla chips with 4 salsa choices...all were great.  My friend had the pollo asado, and though I didn't taste it, he loved it (and I also observed it falling off the bone.  And they don't make a bad Marguerita either.  a gem.  Was thoroughly impressed and glad to have happened upon it.  I will be back to this place.
4	Gallo Blanco is inside the Claredon Hotel...  Loved the feel to the place.  We had a party of 15, so they arranged an area in the bar/lounge area.  It was nice since we had some kids with us.  I ordered the 1/2 Pollo Asado (Citrus marinated grilled localchicken w/ Aji Aioli and tortillas) and WOW!  It was SO good.  The server told me to ask for more tortillas if I needed them.  And yes, I took her up on her offer.  The chicken was cooked just perfect (juicy and no red).  The tortillas were warm and just plain good.  The service was great for a table of 15!  Everyone was happy and in a food coma!  =)
5	By far one of the best Mexican places downtown.  Their menu is not just burritos with American cheese like the other typical so called "Mexican" places around the corner.  Their chef has great traditional plates that you will find within the colonial belt in central Mexico. Skip the trip to the south and come try a torta, enfrijolada style.  The drinks are great, definitely a strange place to find a great spot but it goes to show that with good food, everyone will come and come back.
4	The food's good, but you know that. The atmosphere's notable too. Part of it is the young, hip servers who are usually efficient and always friendly and fun to look at. Part of it is the location, offset a few blocks from Central. You can enjoy the big buildings, but you're not quite in the middle of it, logistically or spiritually.  This feels like an out of the way throwback for a tryst or a rendevous.  . Part of it is the property itself and retro design. The narrow front desk and  foyer opening up into the bar and colorful restaurant to the right, and a snug courtyard pool towards the back. It feels like a pocket Vegas lodge from the fifties before everything there went on steroids. Perhaps the biggest part of the atmosphere, though, is the late Don Bolles. This is where the reporter was murdered, in 1976, and where Phoenix arguably began its evolution from a mob run backwater into a modern major American city. Every time I park my Fusion in that little lot, I wonder.  Is this the spot?  It's an important political and historical event in Arizona. We cant be sure who ordered the hit, but it's clear Bolles was a victim of domestic terrorism.  When you enter the hotel, there's a bust of the intrepid reporter on your left.  Enjoy your meal. *****Food: 5 starsDessert, Drinks: 3.5Service: 3.5Atmosphere: 5
5	Once again, thank you yelpers! Gallo Blanco, you made me so happy! First, driving up to the Clarendon Hotel (which houses GB) that night, was a nice surprise. What a cool looking place! A retro-style sign, colored lights beaming up the building, a trendy little lobby and a cascading waterfall wall by the pool. The cool factor continued on into the restaurant. They have a bar, spacious dining area and outdoor patio (with heat lamps). Our waiter was awesome and gave us some helpful and delicious recommendations. Here is what I loved about GB's food: *Their drinks are very fresh... they take a little while because they are made with fresh fruits/juices, but they are worth the wait. *The guacamole is probably some of the best I've ever had. It's kind of citrusy with small chunks of orange(?) in it. I want to try to make it at home. *The fish taco lived up to its expectations. It's small and simple and so well seasoned! *The pulled pork torta. Delicious pork sandwich, not overly bready like some tortas can be. *I think pretty much everything on the menu was under $10. The only thing I wouldn't order again was the steak burrito, the seasoning was too strong and overwhelming. Since trying GB I've been plotting a return visit and figuring out the lucky friends that will get to go with me!
3	I stumbled in here while driving around burning up my $3.15 gas. Place was spacious and felt very down to earth. I opted for the fish of the day, which happened to be the salmon.Slightly off topic, but my server was Darlene. Very friendly. I liked her.The salmon came out with all sorts of veggies. I am not big on veggies so I decided I should make mom proud and eat as many as I could. I did pretty well, i'd say. They cooked them well.The seared salmon was good. But, the bad part was that the middle was un/undercooked. I did ask for them to toss it back on for a minute (which I felt bad for asking. I hate being a problematic customer) which they did.I wish that the salmon was a bit skinnier. The seared part was absolutely delic. But since it was thick, there was less seared part to enjoy.Id give the place a 4 star if the salmon was cooked all the way.
4	I ate here two nights in a row while staying at the Clarendon Hotel.  The first night I enjoyed the sea bass tacos, which were filled with fresh fish, avocado and lime.  Simple and delicious.  The service at the bar was a little underwhelming - nice, but slow, however I think they were slammed unexpectedly on a Tuesday night. The next night service was much more on track, with a very helpful waitress.   I tried their other tacos: Cohinita (pork), carne asada beef, and shrimp.  Of the three, the shrimp might have been my favorite, but I'm a sucker for marinated and grilled shrimp.  The Cochinita was tasty but not the most tender.  The beef was better than the pork, with plenty of tender shredded beef.  A house margarita made with fresh lime juice was the perfect accompaniment to them, and the tres leche cake was the perfect ending.
5	Best Mexican food ever
5	I almost started giving up on finding healthy options in Phoenix, until I found this place. The fish is flown in daily, the vegetables are locally sourced and organic. The Yelp category is Mexican but this is not your usual "Tex-Mex" cuisine  - menu is filled with Tortas, grilled fish, and other Mexican dishes not typically found on a menu of a typical Mexican restaurant in US. The restaurant is located at the end of a non-descript street facing a parking lot, but don't let that sway you. Inside, it felt modern (concrete) and the wait staff extremely friendly.I'm definitely coming back here!!
5	What is not to like?  Yummy food, good people, funky vibe....Wed night fun Flamenco fest!  Doug is a really talented chef and a lovely person!  Go check it out!
4	Orange cake, carne asada, pork, Ahi tacos, fresh fruit, margaritas!! Need I say more. All fantastic. I loved the ahi tacos, followed bu the carne asada. A lot of flavor and perfect sized. I enjoyed ordering just one of each. The margaritas weren't that fantastic. The orange cake reminded me of a carrot cake but more refreshing :) the hotel is very cute as well. I loved the outside water feature. Unfortunately parking isn't the best but the food is worth the price.
5	Great happy hour! I loved this place. The atmosphere was really chill. My waitress was awesome and really helpful. They were pretty busy and their weren't too many people helping out but she managed to stay friendly and calm and make her way around to everyone. Oh and the food and horchata was deeeelicious. If I'm ever in Phoenix I'll come back!
4	This restaurant is situated in an awesome venue. The Clarendon Hotel is the obvious place to be when you are in Midtown PHX. Gallo Blanco's menu features some of the best-tasting food I have ever eaten! I recently went there on Valentine's Day. I was expecting to choose items from their regular menu, however they had a wonderful Valentine's Day menu to choose from. The meal was great and the drinks were awesome! I can't This restaurant is a "must try" no matter what! The only concern that I had was that the wait staff was a little on the dry side, but they did provide good service.
5	pork tacos is the bomb. go on Tuesdays and they have happy hour tacos.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food9 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueThis is a 4 on the verge of a 5.  Gallo Blanco is delicious, especially their breakfast/brunch food.  But then, I love breakfast/brunch food, so that in no way means that their other food isn't stellar as well :)Their drinks are awesome, their service is crisp, their decor is funky fun, and their food is great.  I just wish it was in a more convenient location (it's 1/2 mile from light rail, which would be tolerable if there was anything urban about the walk there), but it's good enough that i'll make the effort every now and then for some amazing Huevos Rancheros or an Egg Torta w/ spicy chorizo!
3	I am giving Gallo Blanco two stars because I have eaten here a few times, and the food IS good.  However, I had a negative experience last night, and I will NOT be returning.I called before I left work to place an order for carry out and was told it would take 20-25 minutes.  I made my call at 7:04 and arrived at Gallo Blanco around 7:30.  Upon arrival, I was told it would be a little longer, which was fine.  What was NOT fine, was that I did not leave Gallo Blanco until 7:55 (I have the calls I made saved on my phone).  I should have been told I would need to wait another half hour if that was going to be the case.  I could have decided whether it was worth the wait.  I am very busy, and have better things to do than sit around waiting for food that I pre-ordered.  Further, I ordered the 1/2 pollo asado, and when I got home, there was no aioli or corn tortillas.  Also, the chicken was completely undercooked (I took a picture).  It makes me think that my order was not placed until I ARRIVED to pick it up, and then, in the rush to fix the mistake, I was given undercooked chicken that was incomplete, without aioli or tortillas.  I understand that Gallo Blanco is always very busy, I just wish I had been told that my order had not been placed, or that I had been given an accurate estimate of how long the food would take.  In the end, I paid and waited an hour for an order that was undercooked and incomplete.  It will be a very long time before I choose to return to Gallo Blanco.0 stars for service and consideration, three stars for the food.EDITED TO ADD:I received a very nice and apologetic email from the manager about the incident.  I'm adding a star due to their excellent redress of the issues.  Everyone makes mistakes :)
3	So I'll make this short and sweet. I've been to Gallo many times. The food is always good and the drinks even better. Tonight I went in hoping to have the great experience I usually have yet that wasn't the case. It was a pretty slow night in comparison to previous visits so I expected the service to be great. That wasn't the case our server was very spaced. He took forever to take our order, and once he did failed to execute it correctly, now I realize mistakes our made but try to get it right the second time for godsakes. Once getting the bill the mistakes where still on there which is ridiculous and a unconvincing prompt "sorry" was given. Me and my family go here at least twice a month and sadly this experience will prompt us to reconsider.
4	Love this place! The decor is very modern and ambiance is cool and intimate. Good place for a first date! We sat at the bar while waiting for a table. They have a rototating selection of beer on tap. I tried a local seasonal brew from Sedona, AZ. I liked that they offered me a small sample to try out. My gf got a fruity cocktail that she enjoyed. We could see the bartender chop up the fresh fruit to make the juice. Prices for drinks were a little high. I'd come back for happy hour if I was in the area!For dinner, we tried the chips and guacamole! The chips were awesome! Tasted homemade! The guacamole was the best I've ever had! It had chunks of orange and jalepenos. For entree, my gf ordered the fish and pork tacos. She got the ahi tuna and sea bass. I had the grande carne asada burrito. It was the best burrito I'd ever had, I could barely finish half. It was stuffed with tasty carne asada, avocados, pinto beans and salsa and grilled to perfection! I always want to come back when I'm in the area!
5	Visited Phoenix for business and wanted to find a nice place for a good burrito.  Since this place was a block from my meeting location, I though I would give it a try.  Walked into a lively place with people at every table.  i sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the sunshine.  The service was quick and friendly.  Ordered the carne asada burrito and was very pleased.  The ribeye meat used was cooked perfectly with great flavors.  They seasoned it perfectly with just the right amount of heat.  I can't wait to visit again and try some of the other delectable treats.
3	I understand what people are talking about when they say the service here is meh--I experienced just that yesterday.  The food, however, is really pretty good.  The guacamole was delicious;  the oranges gave it a refreshing taste.  The sea bass torta was yummy, as well, with moist and well-seasoned grilled fish.  The margaritas were excellent, and I could tell they were freshly made.  Unfortunately, they arrived after we received the main course.  I really would have liked to enjoy the margarita with the chips and guac.  Note for next time:  Don't order any food until I've received my drink!
2	I'm very disappointed of Gallo Blanco service. The worst ever!!! he took a while to greet our table. Finally we ordered some drinks but they were out of Paloma margarita, dos x and negro modelo? crazy but we said ok not big deal, we ordered an appetizer while deciding for the rest. Somebody else dropped our appetizer and we didn;t see our server for a least 25 minutes. We ordered 4 tacos and it took 45 minutes to be served. I asked the server why was taking so long? He said " Well you should had ordered right of way" I was like WHAT??? Is he serious!!! giving me attitude when he was gone from our table and we didn't have anybody to order more drinks or food??? Extremely awful :( Once he brought the tacos which there were very cold? I told him " Please bring the Cajetas (the best dessert ever) and the Check" Well while we were still eating our cold tacos... he just brought the check and not dessert? I asked and he said you told me to bring the check... at that point I was so angry that I just paid and left!!! So sad that Gallo Blanco hired servers like that... He was sincerely worst than a fast food order taker from wendy!!!  I think he was and some kind of medication?  He looked very sleepy  and he was wearing a white belt that didn't match with anything!  Sorry Gallo Blanco!
4	Came here recently with some friends who had just moved into the area. We went on a Saturday night around 7 and it took about 45 minutes to get seated, but we enjoyed sitting at the bar for a few drinks. My friend got a spiked honeydew aqua fresca - it was pretty good and potent! When we finally got seated, we decided to all order something different and share. Our choices were the chillaquielles (out of this world delicious), carne asada burrito (good and filling), and several tacos (which were all also delicious). This place would get 5 stars if it weren't for the service. We had to wait an extremely long time for our server to acknowledge us, and when we ordered chips and salsa we were brought out half a bowl of chips and no salsa. When the server finally came back around she appologized and brought out fresh chips and DELICIOUS salsa. So, this place has amazing 5 star food, but pretty dismal service. Definitely will go back, because the food was just that good!
4	I have eaten here 5 times now plus attended a political party once. The Carne Asada Torta and Guac make me dream of Mexico. The food is great here but the restaurant itself not so much. The patio has a nicer feel.  Enjoy!
5	Delicious, you can tell that everything is made freshly and with care.  Great atmosphere, great feel will definitely try and come whenever I am in town!
4	Great food overall. Service was a bit slow & awkward. This place is also next to the Clarendon Hotel that's a bit dumpy. Funny thing is that this place felt sorta "Austin weird" to me.
5	I had breakfast at this place last month and thought it was incredible. A little difficult to find since it is in a hotel but no complaints at all.
3	staying at the Clarendon, so came here for brekkie & happy hour.no vegan options on the menu, but they will work with you... and without the heavy sigh or eyerolling.  had a perfectly delicious breakfast burrito that they whipped up.drinks are delish.I thought the service was good.this place is a scene.  don your hippest attire, please :)
4	Lets start with the good aspects.  The food is phenomenal!  There was 4 of us and we all shared our orders so I got to try a bunch of different dishes and I was surprised and delighted by almost everything we ordered.  That is right, i said surprised by what we order.  Most of the dishes had some unexpected element that worked in an interesting way.  The Guacamole had orange in it, the vegetarian tacos had a wonderful sauce and a bunch of different veggies,  and we had a giant cheese cone thing which was basically a dunce cap of cheese cooked to a cracker consistency.  All the food was superb.Now for the not as good aspects.  First and foremost, the service was not on par with the price of the restaurant.  I was constantly out of water and we had to ask for coffee 3 times.  Additionally, the server had a bit of a ripe smell.  I know I have an overly sensitive nose, but still, waiters should not have a funk about them.  Also while the place is beautiful, its a bit more "hip" then what I usually go for and the music was too loud and terrible.  However, the food is so good that these complaints will not keep me from returning to Gallo Blanco whenever I am back in Phoenix.
4	Two dollar tacos?  Yes, please!  Two dollar tacos with great flavor and ingredients.  I'm all in!  I've only been here for lunch, since it's not too far of a skip from downtown.  Service hasn't been an issue for me, but I know it has for others.  I found parking to be a pain, try to find street parking if you can, but good luck.The tacos are small, so you'll need around three.  Order a side of beans and rice and you have an awesome meal.  I love the carne asada and pork tacos.  I say stick with two dollar tacos during lunch and you'll leave happy!
4	Gallo Blanco is a hip restaurant with contemporary decor.  It is located inside the Clarendon Hotel.   The service was fantastic and the food was delicious. This a great place to bring visitors truly sample great Southwest style cuisine.
3	If I would have known this was in a hotel, albeit a boutique hotel, I would not have come here to eat.  I ordered a carne asada taco, while it was small, it wasn't what I normally expect for street style tacos.  The tomato topping was good, but I would have preferred the typical onions and cilantro.  The breakfast burrito was a big disappointment.  It was composed mostly of tortilla which kind of killed the flavor.  Lacking in the chorizo, egg and potato department.  The ingredients just didn't taste fresh.  Sure it was night time and I was trying to have breakfast, but it was offered all day on the menu.I do have to say the Prickly Pear Margarita was pretty good.  I could keep drinking those all night, I just may not have a good morning the next day.
4	Service was slow...we waited about 10 minutes before a busser came over and got us our beverages. Considering the service, we weren't sure what to expect, but the food was fabulous!We had tortas: one halibut, one with the grilled ribeye & two eggs...both were bursting with flavor! Lime tart and tres leches cake for dessert,again...fabulous.They use local vendors and serve breakfast all day. We will go back...the staff could use a little tweaking.
5	Several years ago I was on Vacation with my family in France. For the hell of it, we decided on day one to identify the very best Creme Brulee in Paris. We ordered Creme Brulee after dinner, we ordered it after lunch, we even picked up a few Creme Brulee's at popular patisserie's throughout the city. Our Creme Brulee's would make their way around our table and we would discuss the merits of each. We analyzed those little euro custards as if we were trying to impress an eavesdropping Anthony Bourdain. Did we prefer it with or without vanilla beans? Warm or cold? Deep remekin or shallow? When it was all said and done, we found the best. Believe it or not, we did the same thing in a little Mexican village called San Miguel de Allende. Only this time it wasn't Creme Brulee... it was Chilaquiles. When our trip was over I assumed that we found the best in San Miguel, possibly even the best in the world. I was wrong. Whatever we deemed superior in San Miguel was completely outmatched by the Chilaquiles I had last Friday evening at Gallo Blanco. Simply amazing. A perfect blend of savory, spicy chile with the faintest hint of citrusy sweetness. It had a wonderful contrast of various textures, and just enough crispiness on the top layer to make me forget the failed excessively soggy versions of my past.  And it was all topped off by two perfectly cooked eggs... sunny side up.The service and atmosphere were also exceptional. I can't wait to go back.
5	I LOVE the Clarendon and therefore I love Gallo Blanco.  Its one of the few restaurants you can make a day-long experience out of.  Firstly, its part of the Clarendon, which is a phoenix landmark in itself.  Super retro hotel with an awesome pool and lounge chairs  for your relaxing pleasures.  After you swim/sweat up an appetite simply walk into the Gallo Blanco!  I am a sucker for 'all day breakfast' so thats what I stick to.  The Egg Torta is amazing as is the Chilaquiles Verdes. My friend did stray from the breakfasty foods and she raved about whatever she ordered as well!  The restaurant sticks with the retro vibe and does make you feel like you stepped into a post-mod Phoenix :)  Lovely.
5	By far one of my Favorite Restaurants to eat Vegan at. I can't believe I haven't updated my review, the first time I reviewed Gallo I was not even Vegan, it's been a long time. The Veggie Tacos are out of this world, I usually order 5 or 6. They are pretty small in size but not in flavor. Fresh tiny corn tortillas stuffed with a varying mixture of grilled veggies like, onion, red pepper, green beans, mushroom, corn and spinach topped with guacamole and the best part is they are only $2 each WHAT!! That's right only $2 each. It gets better, during Happy Hour which is now 7days a week from 3pm-6pm, My beloved Veggie Tacos are only.......wait for it.........$1 each!! Not to mention the $5 (HH price) made to order Guacamole, loaded with roasted tomatoes, chunks of citrus and spices, (be sure to say No Cheese if you are a Vegan.) It's my professional opinion that this is some of the best Guacamole I've had, try it f you don't believe me.All this talking has got me craving it, I gotta go, See you at Gallo!
3	Maybe it was just an off night. Or maybe the bartenders (all 4 of them) really just suck it.I've been here so many times, had great service, visited with the chef as he walked around and met with customers and I've had great food every single time. On this particular night (last Friday 4/1) all of this can still be said, except for the service at the bar as we were waiting for our table. There was a rush of people at the bar so I understand that a little patience is in order. What I don't understand is what about a guy who is standing with his arms on the bar, cash in hand, standing there looking at every one of the bartenders doesn't tell them that I might need to order some drinks?? At least 20 minutes had passed before one of them even acknowledged me! Now I've ordered at a busy bar before, so I know how this works. These girls do not. Just not acceptable.I will return here. I will enjoy the tacos, the torta, the chips, the drinks and ambiance, just as I always have. Unfortunately, I can't do anything about the shitty bartenders, especially the tiny and clueless blonde. They'll all still get their tips because of the popularity of the restaurant, but I truly hope this was just a one off experience. In the meantime, 3 stars is all I can give because this really set the tone for my evening and it was completely unnecessary.
4	I loved Gallo Blanco, I ate there 4 times while staying at the Clarendon.Lunch: We tried various tacos and each one was delicious.  The pork quesadillas are outstanding.  The pork is so incredibly tender and flavorful.  The guacamole is none like I've had.  It includes oranges and it was divine.Breakfast:  Breakfast is wonderful.  Much of the menu is Mexican inspired, I tasted the choizo & eggs and the breakfast burritto, they were very good.  The flapjacks are amazing, fluffy and tender with a hint of tang from the sour cream and buttermilk, served with warm butter and maple syrup, mmmm so good.  My favorite breakfast was the yogurt, with granola and fruit.  The best I've ever had.  The yogurt is from a local producer and the granola is homemade and included nuts. It was excellent.Service.  Was good for the most part, but a couple of mornings when they were busier it lacked a little, but the staff was always friendly.  It's amazing that such a great place is located within a hotel.
4	I cannot put into words how delicious Gallo Blanco's tacos are! Although the service is never the best, the food makes the experience a great one. The ahi tuna tacos are to die for. I bring all of my friends there and they all seem to agree. I have also had their breakfast which is very good. I recommend this place to anyone looking for flavor and atmosphere.
4	Simply awesome!  Definitely try the fresh made chips and guacamole as well as the tacos.  The Carne Asada Beef taco is amazing.  Margarita's were spot on.  The hotel that it is locate in is a little different, but don't let that scare you away.
3	I was not happy at all with the food I had here, however the service was wonderful and the drinks were tasty.What I had:Sangria- this was very good and refreshing...however it was a small glass that was mostly filled with ice and tons of fruit..and was $8Prickly Pear Margarita- this was the best prickly pear margarita that I have had, but at $10 a piece...me no likey : (Cheese crisp- this was awful...it tasted like burnt cheese...and thats all it is just cheese, melted and crisped, for $7 I thought this was WAY overpicedCarne Asada taco- meat was good..at least the parts that weren't burnt and char-coaled, $2.50Pork taco- this was like a spicy BBQ flavored pork, it was ok...except I bit into a very large piece of fat and gristle that made me gag, $2Halibut taco- this had the best flavor, but the piece of fish was sooooo small it was barely 2 bites worth, $3The tacos are very small (street tacos) but they are cheap at $2-3 a piece.The atmosphere is like retro/modern and I really liked the inside.I would like to return another time and experience their happy hour and also would like to try their breakfast ( served all day )
4	I live within walking distance from the Clarendon and can't believe I haven't been here yet. Yesterday, my husband lured me into skipping yoga to go get some Mexican food here. We took the family here for Taco Tuesday and during happy hour. We ordered the $5 Chirraron de Queso (cheese cooked into a hard shell)(decent), $5 guacamole (holy hell this was good), $5 white sangria (decent), chips and salsa ($3.5), a kids bean and cheese burrito ($4) that was the side of my 3 year old's head, and 8 mix-n-match tacos (pork, carne asada, shrimp, fish, veggie). For taco Tuesday, they are buy 2 get 1 free, which is the deal we were given, but we would have saved more with the $1 off per taco during HH. I ordered a shrimp taco and pork taco. Both were delicious but the pork taco really tickled my fancy. The pork had that crispy bark on the outside which is my absolute favorite. Call it the Puerto-Rican in me but that is the best. I really enjoyed my meal and the server was great. I know I loved this place when I am trying to talk my husband into going back in a couple of days....
4	Well having tried breakfast, dinner and spending large amounts of time sat at the bar it is starting to feel like a second homeFood is excellent and the people are greatIt has a friendly and yet lively atmosphere
4	Gallo Blanco is a terrific "fresh, local, organic" Mexican food option in downtown Phoenix.  You will not find melted-cheese-laden food here, which is a good thing!  I love the house salad and roasted corn.  In fact, I love it so much that I rarely get anything else.  The guacamole and chips are also very tasty.  My husband is usually the adventurous one, and he has loved everything he's ever eaten here--tacos and sandwiches, usually.  The reason I didn't give it five stars is that there are always flies bouncing off the windows inside the dining room when I've been there, which is a bit of an ick factor.  I know that flies are likely to head inside when you have patio dining too, but I hate to see them buzzing around while I'm eating.
3	This is one of my go-to restaurants when I am in uptown. I have always loved the food...the kitchen staff is awesome. But what the hell is the story with the front of the house staff. I am sitting here on my 5th visit and without fail the wait staff took nearly 10 minutes to even acknowledge my presence...well after the lunch crunch. Sadly this has been the case EVERY time I come here. Typically there is no one at the host stand, and the wait staff, like so many, appears busy doing nothing: 5 staff walked by my table, gave a sideglance at the menu (not me) and continued on. The waitperson I finally got, only took me after another waitperson argued (at another customers table) that she was not taking another table. Folks you have a great reputation for your food. Management, get out of the kitchen and step up the front of the house
4	***From the pancakes to the breakfast burrito and the chilaquiles, Gallo Blanco serves a good and very reasonably priced breakfast in a warm, casual and friendly atmosphere***Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar is located in a hotel (Clarendon Hotel).  Hotel restaurants worry me a little.  But once you enter Gallo Blanco, you realize that Gallo Blanco is not your typical hotel restaurant and Clarendon Hotel is definitely not your typical hotel.The Clarendon Hotel seemed to have a funky boutique vibe to it.  The front desk seemed very casual and the little bit we saw of the hotel was fresh, casual and youthful.  There was a lot of interesting looking local art in the hallway and the men's restrooms were outfitted with urinals that were designed to look like open mouths (a Yelper posted a photo of it on Gallo Blanco's page).The Gallo Blanco has a very youthful coffee shop feel to it.  The restaurant is open and bright (big floor-to-ceiling windows).  The restaurant is very straightforward.  Square room.  Not much in terms of decoration (some art here and there).  Bright but not overly strong colors that give it a casual and hip atmosphere.  The seating is very functional too (no frills).  There is also an outdoor patio.We went for breakfast and it was reasonably priced.  Most of their breakfast items were $7 to $10 and the portion sizes were just right (generous enough but not over-the-top-big).We shared the breakfast burrito, which actually was pretty big.  The burrito was a flour tortilla stuffed with chorizo, potatoes, eggs, refried beans, cheddar cheese, and fire roasted salsa.  The burrito was flavorful and had a little bit of spice and kick to it (additional salsa was available on the side).  Everything tasted good and all the ingredients were nicely melted together.  The Chilaquiles Verdes were even better.  The tostadas were light and crispy; they were also flavored quite well with the green chile sauce.  We added some shredded chicken and it was good and tender (and not too dry).  The chilaquiles verdes were topped with some good sunny side up eggs.For something a little sweet, we went with their buttermilk pancakes and they were very good.  The pancakes were light and fluffy.  They also had a great brown color to them.  You get that fresh off the griddle flavor here that you don't get at a lot of pancake places.  The maple syrup was warm, sweet and good.I also had the fresh squeezed orange juice and it was pulpy and tasty.Service started off a little slow, but once we got our order in, the food came out very quickly and the staff was attentive.  The whole staff (from the owner to the hostess to the waitresses) were very friendly and personable, which added to the warm and casual atmosphere.Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar serves a good Mexican breakfast.  All three of our dishes were good, which makes me curious about their other options.  I do not know when I will be in Phoenix next, but my breakfast was good enough here that I would consider making a return visit (even if I was only in Phoenix for a day or two).Parking is available on the street (free; no meters).
4	Thanks to all the Cats that reviewed this spot... Yeah it rocks. As the food hits your lips & the flavors saturate your mouth you'll realize that this place is a hidden gem. I live just a few blocks away and had no clue to what I was missing. Thanks Yelp & thanks to my Bartender Genessa, she did a great job.
4	I had doubts... I mean c'mon, how good can it be? After a brunch with friends on a Sunday, I am a fan. We started with the chips and Guac. Pretty good! I could not decide on what to have - I saw the Chilaquiles Verdes go by on a plate and def had to have it. I also ordered the Steak and Eggs. When I finished ordering, the server looked at me and warned me that I had ordered alot of food... I smiled and said I was not scared.Drinks - had a mediocre mimosa, but a great cup of coffee! The Chilaquiles Verdes (Chicken) was this 2 layers of crispy corn tortilla, the bottom with chicken, A rich green chili sauce an queso. The next layer with more queso and chili and an over easy egg! Delicious! The Steak and eggs were good too with the eggs over easy and a 5 oz sirloin steak cooked to order. Pretty plain if it did not have the Beens and Tortilas made fresh sop up the sweet green ranchero suace and cheese. It comes with beans, but I only eat gmas. I will order The Chilaquiles Verdes again for sure. But maybe get one of their taco or grilled items. Service - our server was OK, she got the food out but had to ask her a few times for water and refills. Atmosphere was pretty good. Good people watching... They had the patio doors open so the flies were a pain, but once someone near had food, they moved to them. Yes I will be back!
3	Im sad, this place isnt as good as it used to be. Its still pretty good as long as you do not stray away from the tacos, other than that everything is eh.
4	I read several reviews about this place before going and was a bit hesitant with all the poor comments regarding service. My sisters and i stopped by for a late dinner and had a very pleasant experience!! The waitress was super friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was great and the decor is very chic! The shrimp tacos were delicious however, they are served w/ 1 big piece of shrimp per taco which was odd. So i just cut the shrimp in pieces and "re-made" the taco! My sisters had tortas and those were very good! The sangria was so-so...
5	Why yes, I did go back the next night to have some more delicious food at Gallo Blanco. Before the play my family and myself were all going to attend, I convinced my mom to take us to Gallo Blanco after raving about it to her the night before. We had so much food again! The beans, which are vegetarian, are amazing. I could have eaten an entire bowl of them. I also had the prickly pear margarita. I liked it, but I don't know if it was worth the $10 I paid for it. I couldn't even taste the alcohol. We also got an order of the Chiccharon that was ok, but didn't get finished. For dessert we ordered the tres leches cake, so good, and the brownie cake, which actually tasted store bought. It wasn't warm and just had that packaged flavor. I don't know if it was or not but no one at the table liked it that much. However, tacos had by all were amazing of course. Veggie, fish, shrimp, and steak were had at the table. My husband and sister loved the shrimp and I was told the steak was good as well. I can't wait to come back here again.       5/7/11.----------------------------------------OMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMYa, those are pretty much the sounds I made while I was eating my meal at Gallo Blanco today. After fantasizing about this place for weeks we finally found a reason to go, Cinco de Mayo!, and headed down there for happy hour today. We showed up at about 4:30 and there were only three other tables taken. It got super packed about 10 minutes later so we showed up just in time. Service was super speedy. We never had an issue the entire meal where it was taking too long. My only complaint about service was the water glasses were way too small and the poor waitress had to come over pretty much every five minutes to refill them. It might be time for some larger water glasses. We tend to be heavy (water) drinkers. We ordered the guacamole to start. I liked it, but I have to say I tend to favor a more spicy guacamole than one with citrus in it. But it was different, and I would order it again. For dinner I ordered three veggie tacos ($1 each during happy hour!! OMG!!) and my husband ordered two fish tacos, and the fish happened to be halibut today which my husband loves, and one veggie taco. The tacos are great. They are small but they filled us both up super fast. We left here totally full and moaning about how much we had eaten. The veggie tacos had a bunch of different veggies in them topped with more guacamole. The fish tacos looked to be about the same. I also ordered the Elote. It was delicious but I probably wont order it again seeing as how it was $5 for one corncob. If they lowered it to $3 I would probably order it every time I come in. We thought about getting dessert but decided we were way too full to try. Saving that experience for another day. The happy hour prices here are amazing. We ordered guacamole, one Elote, and six tacos. All under $20. That's a crazy good deal. Seeing as how good of a deal it is during happy hour I will probably never come here any other time except happy hour. I want to go back right now even though I am still full. I keep thinking about those tacos....
4	Ok... 4 stars, but really 4.5 stars. I went here for lunch today with my Dad and it was pretty fabulous. I have been wanting to try this place for awhile as it gets favorable yelp reviews, and after my Dad and I went through every type of food out there (want sandwiches? no. Thai? no. Chinese? no. and on and on) I suggested this place. I'm glad I did. So we got there around 1 pm and we had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table. Once we were seated, it took quite awhile for anyone to come help us. So that's kind of where the points were taken off. That and there were no chips to go with their fabulous salsa unless you get guac (which we ended up getting). So initially we ordered the elote (corn on the cob covered in cheese and paprika.....much better than I though it would be.... although I have no reason to think it wouldn't be good.... hmmm), two pork tacos, and a carne asada torta. The tacos were good, but I hate to say, if I wanted to get a taco just like that I may go to America's Tacos, just for convenience because they are priced similarly and sized similarly. The torta, however, was very delicious. The meat was tasty, the roasted tomato tasted very nice, and if you put the tomatillo salsa on it.... wow it's delicious. Plus the bread was nice and soft, but not soggy. So we also ended up getting guac (just a side dish of it, so 3$ instead of 7$) at the extreme recommendation of our server, and it was good, but not the best guac I've ever had. I wish it were spicy... that would improve it a great deal. Overall, the food was excellent and well priced. For everything, we payed 22$. Not bad.
4	I loved what they have done with the interior since opening gallo. I finally had a chance to check it out this week and there was some hits and misses. The tacos were very tasty and reasonable but on the smaller side..but tasted fresh for the small bite. For some reason we then ordered the cheese plate and I was shocked with what came out! Big ugly blocks of  cheddar cheese with corn nuts! There were nicely cut strawberries but then backed by blue cheese as the second cheese selection, ugh. I want my money back after spending almost $70 on drinks to be confronted with corn nuts. On a positive note -Flamingo on Wed nights, fantastic!!!
5	Great music, great food, nice staff. Couldn't have had a better experience.
5	Damn - I don't throw five stars around often but how fun is good food at a good price with a restaurant with a cool vibe? Mexican meets local markets with your taste buds being the winner.  If I lived here I would frequent this place on a regular basis.  Phoenix you are lucky with this one - its a keeper.
5	One of my favourite restaurants in Phoenix.  I would go every week if I could.  It's cheap, and has a great atmosphere, friendly service, and fantastic food.I almost always order the Ensalada Cortada and the Elote Callejero (grilled corn with cotjia and paprika... so phenomenal!), but their tacos are also delicious.  They also... and this is odd for a Mexican restaurant, but it's true... have the best french fries in Phoenix.  So I usually try to get whoever I'm going with to share a plate with me.  Their guacamole is also veryveryvery good.  They get their veggies from Maya's Farm, so everything is local and organic.  Fabulous bonus.The acoustics do make this place pretty loud Wed-Sat evenings, but I like the liveliness of it.  Quieter if you go Sun-Tues, or sit outside on the patio.Highly recommend!
4	Last night's Flamenco Night was a gas. Great crowd, Prickly Pear Margaritas, Four Peaks Hop Knot on tap, and a wonderful patio for enjoying the night breeze. Guacamole and chips sounds like entry level fare but Gallo Blanco's is on its own level. I'd probably wear the guacaomle as war paint it's so fresh and flavorful. I can also speak for the carne asada tacos, which are pretty good for Gringo Mexican. Next time I will try the burger and maybe a white sangria, which looks amazing with its chunks of fruit floating at the top.
4	I went to Gallo Blanco Cafe for lunch and the food was amazing! They have five kinds of tacos and I tried all of them.  They were all healthy and delicious!  My favorite one was shrimp.  The shrimp tasted really fresh and it was grilled just right.  I also tried their freshly squeezed lemonade. It was pretty tart and I liked it a lot.  The pricing was reasonable as well. I would definitely go back again!
4	Gallo Blanco is a cool, hip little place. It has a very simple design. Very fresh ingredient menu. It offers the kind of mexican food I enjoy. Its fresh, healthy and high qualilty. I started with chips and guacamoli. By far the best guacamoli I have ever had. I believe they put oranges in it. Then I had the fish tacos. Also very good. I ordered 2. My server suggested I get three because they are kinda small. I am extremely impressed by their drink menu. I am not a huge drinker. Probably because most places use bad ingredients that contain high fructose corn syrup,  MSG, or tons of added simple syrup (sugar).Their drinks were all high quality, natural, fresh ingredients. They by far, have the Best Bloody Mary I have ever had in Phoenix. There was fresh dill in the homemade mix. Unbelievable!
4	The pica rico burger here is absolutely delicious! The avocado is a nice touch to the burger. I was thoroughly impressed! Trendy, yet relaxed setting makes this place a pretty cool restaurant to dine in. I would definitely come back when I can.
4	I don't believe in God, I believe in breakfast, and any place within biking distance of home and work that serves breakfast ALL DAY is the winner, all day every day. I've only had three meals there but all were great---chorizo torta, chilequiles, and pancakes. And let's not forget my favorite, most needed breakfast accompaniment--a delicious, spicy bloody mary. Drooling....
4	Gallo Blanco has made so many best-of lists we weren't sure it could live up to the hype. But the food did.We came on a Thursday night around 7pm and waited in the bar for a table. Get the Paloma--it's like a marg but with grapefruit juice. Not too tart, it was perfectly mixed.We had a couple of tortas--they were amazing. If you're super hungry, get a couple of sides, too. The chorizo had a nice bite (as did the salsas they brought). My pork was tender and flavorful, though I think we all wished we had gotten the open-face Naco (I think) torta. Hubby got the burrito and said it was ok. We finished with tres leches which was just ok; I wouldn't get it again.The service was hipster-laid back (so don't expect it to be attentive, ok?).Our only other comment, and the reason this gets 4 stars instead of 5, was the damn noise level. Seriously, it's loud in there. But yah, we'd definitely go back. The food was really yummy and reasonably priced!
5	I have found the hidden gem of Phoenix. Woohoo!I was recommended Gallo Blanco from a bartender at Windsor, another awesome place to check out. Being new (4 months) to Phx and coming from LA, the land of amazing food, I was asking around for some good places to check out that only a local may know about. Gallo Blanco was a perfect recommendation. Off the beaten path, this place is located at The Clarendon Hotel. This boutique hotel is awesome. Great pool, cool furniture and light fixtures, bar on the roof, AZ license plates as door numbers. Anyway, Gallo Blanco is next to the lobby and on the front patio of Clarendon. The vibe and aesthetic of Gallo Blanco is hip but not pretentious. The staff is very friendly and informative with recommendations. My new obsession of Ceviche was fulfilled here. A lot of places don't have good ceviche, but Gallo Blanco's was amazing!I also got a Halibut Fish Taco and a Carne Asada Beef Taco. These were good but next time I think I will ask for some Pico de Gallo to go along with them as I think it was missing a little something. My boyfriend enjoyed his beef, fish, and cochinata tacos. I also loved my Horchata. AND the prices were great!This is going to be my spot. My default place to go out, my place to bring visitors, and more importantly my place to rave about to locals who don't know about it. I don't mind sharing :)
4	Wow!  What a great experience.  We had this adorable english waitress named Jane (pronounced like Forrest Gump saying Jenny) which only added to the delight of a most enjoyable Saturday evening.  She recommended the chochinita tacos (10x more delicious sounding when spoken by a Brit) which were AMAZING!  This place obviously cares about using the freshest ingredients, producing savory salsas and the best Guacamole I have ever had. With  its eclectic environment, remarkable food and a charming staff like Jane this is a must visit in Phoenix.
5	Went here for happy hour which they do from 3-6 M-Thurs. Our table ordered $5 margaritas and the sangria, which were both very good.  Ordered the chips and salsa which came with pico and a nice chipotle salsa. We tried about 4 varieties of tacos and we liked the shrimp and veggie tacos the best. The corn on the cob with cotija cheese was almost decadent, as well as the ensalada cortada which was such a delicious and interesting salad with all its' textural components. Our friend ordered the pork quesadilla as well which she said was seasoned nicely. We finished our meal with the postres de chocolate. The service was great. Prompt and although we had a main waitress, we had multiple people filling our water and bringing our food out. We never felt neglected or forgotten. Cute decor too in the old Clarendon Hotel!
5	yay, way cool happy hour. first off, very cool outdoor decor. i really like the Clarendon hotel. we went specifically for the taco's, but wound up with much more. after 3 tacos each-around 1.50-2.50(one veggie, one shrimp, one fish), we decided to munch on some chips and delicious salsa-3 bucks. then my girl got the salad-6 bucks, and i got the goddam corn on the cob with cheese and paprika-4 bucks. i could've eaten a dozen of these suckers.we topped it off with the chocolate pudding, fluff, and graham cracker desert and a margarita. does any of this stuff go together? not in the order we ate it, but it was delicious. there are lots of meat options as well and their regular menu looked downright superb...even have shrimp and grits! mmm....love me some grits.great happy hour, great atmosphere, and great service!
5	The first thing that Gallo Blanco has going for it is a certain type of cool. A little off the beaten path, this restaurant in the Clarendon gets a pretty diverse crowd, all drawn to the great food and drinks. I'm usually a beer guy and with Negro Modelo on draft they score a big win in the beer department. Amongst the apps I've had are the corn, guacamole and house salad, all are excellent. But the real show (heart) stopper is the chicharron de queso (had to check their website for the spelling). The best way to describe it is like the cheese that falls onto the pan when you're drunk and making a quesadilla, you eat it and decide that maybe the crispy cheese would make a pretty good meal on its own. Well, the good people at GB have taken this 3am marvel and turned it into something bigger, better, and brought dipping sauce. Probably best to order for four people, or not eat the whole thing (a little greasy) but definitely worth a try.Without question, my favorite item is the carne asada torta. No joke, awesome, life altering, eat one and wish you had another, great. Every time the wife and I are staring down an $83 dinner bill for mediocre food at some other place, I usually create a fantasy that I had dropped 8 bucks for one of these instead.
5	PLZ PLZ let me be the 320ish review of this cafe... yaaa..1st, not really much the standard looking "cafe," they serve lux coffee but its on the smallest section in the back of the menu...semantics..whatever.Now that is out of the way, I will start by saying .Hello "Gallo Blanco, you classy down to earth minx." Great place for two glaring reason: Taste & DesignTaste]]]  I had the veggie torta...and for a man, such as myself, who lovs meat I was very hesitant on ordering this protein deficient and possible savory lacking veggie torta....i like meat. Thankfully, GBC subdued my hesitation and the veggie torta abides... and all is well in the universe.Design]]]] Walking into Gallo Blanco reminds you that PHX local business owners are still innovators of the industry. Its that or they are really good at ripping off other peoples ideas. Personally, I think that it really takes both to create a great atmosphere and some authentic gumption to be a little different, but still..not..weird.Thank you to Patrick S. for actually making me go here...R\_NOte: Make sure to be prepared to find parking NOT very accessible.
5	This is such a cool restaurant. Very fun and lively, you can tell everyone at all of the tables is having a great time. I loved the staff and i think the menu is just so unique and awesome. All the meals that were ordered at my table were prepared to perfection and i have never been to another mexican food restaurant that is so unique and exciting to be at. I will recommend this place to everyone and it makes for a great night out. Also, the margarita's are so perfect. They have a little bit of kick to each sip and it was a great drink with my meals. I LOVE THIS PLACE
4	We shared a taco "sampler" of one of each of their tacos. The halibut taco was the standout fave for me, though they were all good. My prickly pear margarita was fruity and not made from a sickly sweet mix, as far as I could tell. The elote was addictive. We had attentive, effective service. Pricing was such as I'd expect for a resto. in a boutique hotel. Really no complaints at all. I just had to laugh when I read Yelp reviews that gave me the impression this place might be a little too cool for the likes me. I thought it was kinda more a post-modern upscale junkstore aesthetic. I LOVED it. It was very casual and not stuffy at all! The hand dryers in the bathroom are worth a trip to the potty, too.
4	The restaurant is in the clarendon hotel - where we stayed for 2 nights.  I'm thrilled that such a great restaurant was in our hotel.  It had a cool vibe and atmosphere yet it was very casual.  the service was good - nothing to complain about. the food was delicious! the first day my husband and I shared the ceviche with tortilla chips and a house salad with citrus dressing.  both were so fresh and yummy.  the tortilla chips were the best I ever had.  I ordered halibut tacos and my hubby got the pork and carne asada tacos. both were yummy as well.  they all had pico de gallo and their homemade citrus guac.  we cooled off from the AZ heat w/ classic margaritas - they were a little sweet and would have been better with a splash of GM but overall were okay.the next morning we had breakfast there and discovered the 2nd best pancakes!  (the best pancakes are at mama's on washington in san francisco). they were made with sour cream so it made them super fluffy on the inside and crispy on the edges. I could eat these all day.
5	Elote! Tacos! El Julio! Three things that make up a perfect Sunday.Popped into Gallo Blanco to meet up for a little gathering of friends. Good stuff! This is a very cool place.Lots of local art up on the walls. Adjacent to the killer pool at the Clarendon. In fact, Arana W. told me about how this is a great spot for a birthday party/staycation for locals.My birthday is next month. MAYBE I will set this up....In any case....while we waited for our table, we grabbed drinks at the bar. Since it was Happy Hour, all drinks with a star on the menu were $5, and beers were $3. I got the El Julio which is lime vodka, liquor 43, lime, soda. Freaking amazing. Once we got our table, I ordered the Elote (corn for you amateurs) which is dusted with smoked paprika and cotija cheese. Your palate will have a hard-on. Yeah. Seriously.Then for my entree, I ordered Pork and Beef Tacos. All were very well-prepared. My only concern was that the tacos only had one tortilla. Typically a street-style taco will have two tortillas, because the first one will break because of the juice from the meat. Mmm. It was still delicious, and I enjoyed it.Make sure you try the two sauces they put on the tables. Green and red. PLEASE try the red. It's spicy, but so effing flavorful, that your whole outlook on life will change afterwards.Perhaps I exaggerate a little. Who cares. Just come down here.I drove all the way from Scottsdale. It was worth it. I'll be back.
5	A gem to remind us what Phoenix *can* be, in a utopian sense.Locally owned and operated restaurant, in a locally owned and operated hotel.The decor is stylish and casually comfortable, with LOTS of local art on the walls available for purchase.Went this past weekend for a UYE and had a BLAST!  Even my boo-boo drink mix up was A-OK!Started with a happy hour Bloody Mary.  (That's a Sunday law, right?)  Once our group was seated, I got another.  (If one is good, two is GREAT, right?)I ordered the elote to start with - planning on eating light to save room for dessert (and more drinks, RIGHT?)Darn that Lynn W - she is *such* a bad influence.  Tacos, too!  One each please - carne asada, cochinita and fish!And that brings us to the mistake.  I meant to order the "La Ruso" - which is Hendrick's gin, ginger beer and lime.  Instead, I asked for the "Paloma" - wich is El Jimador Resposado tequila, grapefruit soda, lime and salt.  The drink was tasty.  Soooo tasty.  Tasty enough that I neglected to enforce my NO TEQUILA rule.  At the beginning of the night, I even told a couple of my companions that my next tattoo will be a med-alert bracelet reading 'allergic to tequila!"  But I drank it.  I drank it all!When the tacos came (the cochinita was good, but not as good as La Condesa, the carne asada and fish were AMAZING!), I corrected the gaffe by ordering my La Ruso.  Fantastic drink - but I probably should have skipped it, as by that time, I could barely tell the flavor difference between the two, and had to have others at the table confirm by taste I got the right drink.  But hey - if three drinks are great, four must be fantastic, right?The stragglers of the group (Lynn W, Norm R and I) shared the orange cake for dessert.  Just sweet enough to refresh our mouths - but not at all overpowering.  And incredibly moist.When all was said and done - The food and drink were as good as ever! The service was spot on and she had a GREAT attitude!I happily made great new Yelp friends!What a fantastic way to wrap up the weekend!
4	The food is awesome.  Ask anyone here or just look at the reviews below.  And honestly, despite my own criticisms I never miss a chance to eat here.  In addition to the excellent food, the atmosphere is fun and high energy.   It's unique to Phoenix.Now for the few complaints: 1. It's loud.  Especially at dinner.  There is nothing to absorb any of the surrounding conversations or any of the music playing.  Expect to lean in to hear everyone in your party.  2. Cocktails are pricey.  If you have more than one, it will cost more than your food.  As of this weekend they were between $8 and $10. Fortunately, the food is inexpensive even with the slight price hikes in the last year.  3. You're never going to get great service.   The wait staff will make you feel a little rushed or abandoned.  Luckily, none of them are offensive so this is easy to ignore.  All and all, I've never had a bad time in the dozen or so times I've been here.  The guacamole, white sangria, and chilaquiles are excellent.  You should order them.  For dinner.  Tonight.
2	I really loved my stay at The Clarendon Hotel this July and the Gallo Blanco cafe was convenient for breakfast but I ordered to take back to my room for myself and two guest. I had some sort of breakfast burrito which was pretty good but my guest ordered chorizo eggs and refried beans, which was all thrown into a brown take out box... It looked so unappealing. I mean to have to scrape refried beans from the bottom of a box... not cool! It really lacked presentation. However their yogurt with fruit was great as was the fruit con creama. I had higher expectations and perhaps maybe it was because of me ordering it to take to the room but they need to figure out a better way to serve beans. would I give them another chance... only to dine in =D
5	I don't usually feel the urge to update a review from a good experience, but this one is worth mentioning.I had a friend in town last night, and we decided to pay a visit to Gallo Blanco. I told her all about my amazing experience from a couple weeks back: the elote, the tacos, the el julio.Having said all that, I was excited to return!On this "normal" Wednesday night, the restaurant was PACKED, but we were seated within a few minutes.Our server made polite conversation with us and said "I'm a foodie and that's why I love working here." I wish every server felt this way at every restaurant I go to. As a self-appointed food nerd, I felt like I was in good hands.In any case, here's the skinny:Cocktails: El Julio (as always), the prickly pair margarita (it's delicious), aguas frescas (some sort of watermelon vodka cocktail that was VERY strong), and capped off with a Hopknot. All solid choices.Food: We shared everything. Order of chips/guacamole. To die for. The Elote. It truly is a religious experience. The Cotija cheese! Smoked Paprika! Also, we shared the Pica Rico burger. So many different flavors. The smoked chili peppers and the avocado! It was a perfect balance. Between the two of us, we only hate half of the burger. That's how big it is. My best advice is to come here with people who are not scared of eating and indulging. This is the kind of place where you want to enjoy your meal. If you are trying to be healthy, it's a treat. This is my new spot. If only I lived in downtown....
4	After hearing about Gallo Blanco for a while from foodie and chef friends, as well as Yelpers, we decided to give it a go last night as we were picking our son up at the airport later in the evening. We walked in and immediately liked the vibe and diversity in ages and types of people in the room. It immediately gave you a "you are welcome to come in and hang out" feel. We were greeted quickly by our server, Mary. Her slightly edgy look fits the urban scene but is quickly belied by her sweet nature. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and made some great suggestions. We started with Micheadas (BM style) and they were just right. The spice, the flavor of the fresh lime and the bloody mary with the beer was delish and many diners were ordering them. We had a mix of the street tacos- halibut, shrimp, carne asada and pork. Loved the carne asada. My hubby loved the shrimp but just wished there was more than one in it! The corn on the cob with cojita chesse and paprika, JUST STOP IT! It was so good and hubby doesn't normally eat corn but he loved it too. THE BEST! We will definitely be coming back! It was fun, the food was excellent and the service was personal and FUN!
4	Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite spots in Phoenix.  Where to begin.  The guacamole is to die for.  It has little chunks of citrus in it, and while I initially thought, "that doesn't sound very good," Gallo Blanco's version is on my top five list of favorite guacamole recipes.  It is delicious!  I have been for lunch and dinner, trying the yummy tacos and the huge bowl of posole, which is amazing.  But, my favorite time to visit Gallo was for breakfast.  The chicken chilaquilles are fantastic, and the steak and eggs are amazing.  The food is extremely consistent, and if you love sangria, you definitely need to give it a try.  The only reason that I did not give this five stars is because the service (for me) has been hit or miss.  Most of the time, it is amazing, but there have been times where I have walked out somewhat disappointed with the service (and I am not a high maintenance, demanding customer, so it takes a lot to bother me).  But, it never prevented me from going back again and again and again....
5	Want to know what to order: - Tacos! Tacos! Tacos! - I liked the fish and carde asada. They come in a great rack and don't forget to ask for the orange and green sauce to drizzle on top.- Elote - mexican corn with cotija and paprika- Holy moly guacamole! Good goodPass on:- Beans with cheese, though it says they're mooshed they're notWhat to remember for your next visit:- HH specials- Taco Tuesdays, buy 2 tacos get one free
5	I took the BF here for his first Taco Tuesday at Gallo.  After declaring the carne asada tacos best, I proceed to order only one carne and stupidly ordered a halibut and a shrimp.  #1 carne, #2 pork, #3 shrimp, #4 halibut.  After the carne, nothing else really matches up flavor wise.  The tacos are extremely small, street size, which makes me happy as I have a fondness for cute little things.  3 is perfect for me with an app and cocktails.  The guac, although small in portion size, is very good and I am a picky guac eater.  It has little bits of orange in it, which keeps me interested.  We also ordered the shrimp ceviche which is among the best I have ever had.  This will be a regular at my table from now on.  I would be remiss by leaving out the fact that the amazing salsa is served in squeezey bottles on the table, so I can pile my tacos and chips with the extra fantastical red sauce that I crave.  The last Tuesday I went, they had watermelon aqua fresca which I spiked with vodka and it was a little slice of heaven on a hot summer night.  The BF likes him some scotch and they had a brand to his liking.  We topped it off with the tres leches cake.  Omg.  Need I say more?I have also had weekend brunch here which I don't remember having any specials, being in a hotel and all I'm sure they dont need to attract early eaters but they can do no wrong in my eyes so I will be back.
5	OMG, the white sangria is the best!! They have a great happy hour and the taco menu is incredible. The tacos are just the right size and I tried some kind of crispy cheese appetizer that was super delicious. I seriously want to come back and try all the meals! I can't wait to go back there!!
5	I went to Gallo Blanco for lunch durinig a meeting. LOVED IT. We walked from Central and Clarendon, it wasn't bad, just down Clarendon and you won't miss it. The food AMAZING. I got a Carne torta and the special of the day was a 1/2 torta and a salad. YUMMY. We also got Chips and Guac. So So good. I can't wait to take my dad there tonight :-)
5	This place is spectacular, one of the my favorite. I've never ordered anything that was mediocre, it is always shockingly good. They play great music, and the atmosphere is amazing, favorite Sunday spot.
4	Another great spot in central Phoenix. I've only been once - on a Wednesday evening to check out my friend's flamenco performance.  The food is AMAZING and they have a great wine list as well.  If you do go on a Wednesday to check out the show, be sure to arrive early to get a seat.  It fills up quickly! Also, the music is very loud, so I would not recommend Wed night if you want to have a conversation with your company.
4	The pancakes would be a 5, but the breakfast burrio would be a 3 and the breakfast torta a 4 so I averaged it out to a 4 star.  A very cute little place and you have to try the pancakes for breakfast.  You can order just 1 if you want, perfect for those of you with something else in mind but still have to try the 5 star highly recommended pancakes!!!!
4	Ooh my goodness! The food? Delicious. The service? Fantastic. Sangria? Yes please!I ate here with the family for my mom's birthday. We all had a bunch of items from the happy hour menu and were stuffed. The only thing that could be improved is if they let the sangria soak a bit more. The fruit tasted like it could have used a couple more hours in the mix. Other than that, I can't say anything bad about it.
4	1st time here in a few years. Had a great experience. Our table had tacos, burrito, and a torta w/ fries. The carne asada and fish were great. Friendly staff, good beer selection, and good prices. Excited to come back here on a weeknight for festivities. PS A lot of tables had a side order of beans, so they must be great!
2	Ok first of all we enjoyed the atmosphere. Our waitress Mary was great (however she had too many tables to handle)  Drinks we awesome. Namely the sangria. It was amazing. Chips were ok but the guac made up for it. I ordered the special which was a ribeye steak with mushrooms and onions with Beens and rice. Sound amazing huh..... Well not so much. The steak was charred (burnt).  The beans and  rice were really good to start with but were soon overwhelmed with the burnt taste of the steak making the entire plate make u feel Like u were bobbing for food in an old fire pit. To top it off they charged me $25 for that plate ( had i done that to a steak at home I would have thrown it away or fed it to the dog, but honestly I think my dog has better taste than that.  My partner had tacos. The pork tacos were amazing. The steak tacos had the same problem as my steak. Way over cooked. The shrimp tacos , well all I am going to say is each taco had one shrimp, count them ONE SHRIMP for an entire taco. You could have creatively tried to make it look like u weren't being cheap. The savior in all this , well besides the sangria was the Elote it was amazing and in retrospect I wish that was the only thing we ordered. We are staying at the Clarendon Hotel which we love. If I stayed here again I would certainly go over for the sangria and the elote. I would not drive out of my way to get here however.
5	I had never heard of Gallo Blanco before my Yelpathon began. What a sad, sad life I had been living.The restaurant and bar were so cozy, in the lobby of the Clarendon Hotel. While hanging out at the pool, we had their $5 happy hour margaritas. I usually prefer a skinny margarita - hate the taste of sweet and sour. The bartender assured me there was no sweet and sour in the bar, great news! The margarita was still a bit heavy even though it was made with fresh fruit juices. It was still yummy and you can't ask for more at $5 each.After a day at the pool, we got ready and headed back down for dinner. I had no idea what to expect, but was very happy when I looked at the menu. I'm a girl that likes choices. Variety. I was in for quite a feast.The tacos range from $2.50-$3.50, which means you can try pretty much all of them and not break the bank (although you may be really full). My absolute favorite was the night's special: a pork belly taco with who knows what else on it. All of the tacos (I tried the Halibut, carne asada and pork belly) were perfect.Do not try to do the whole "with extra this, no that, substitute such and such" thing here. Just don't, you'll love them as they are! Three tacos + chips and salsa and the amazing Paloma (think Grapefruit Margarita) were enough to fill me up - though I was throwing around the idea of ordering just one more taco.You can't forget breakfast either. I gott the Breakfast Burrito. Love. It was about a  foot long and I made a severe dent in it. And even though this is a Mexican joint, the pancakes looked AMAZING.So yes, literally everything about Gallo Blanco was perfect, and I will be back VERY soon.
5	Absolutely love the Happy Hour!! Try the grilled corn and $1.75 carne asada tacos!  Deb's doing a video review about the Gluten free options- all the tacos use corn tortillas.  http://www.deborahapeters.com  And check out the urinals so corny and fun.
5	My friend introduced me to this place the other day and we happened to be there during happy hour. We both got margaritas - they were delicious! They are made with fresh squeezed juice and only cost $5! We also got chips with pico de gallo and guacamole. The guacamole was addicting...I couldn't stop eating it!  Who knew that adding mandarin orange segments to it could make it taste so good??
5	Excellent Atmosphere: If great food and cheap (free) entertainment, tickles your fancy, Catch this place on a night with a live performance.. It gets a little congested but its well worth it.. And Guys, while your here, make your way to the little boy's room and Check out the pisser.. I found it mildly amusing to relieve myself into a big-porcelain mouth. The Food: Start off with the best damn Bloody-Mary on this side of the Mississippi. Only Bloody Mary I don't have to add my own personal touch to. They garnish it with celery olives and JICAMA, which is THE perfect touch to this nectarous potion. One word people: GUACAMOLE! This stuff will enrich your lives.. Tomatoes, cilantro, salt, pepper, MANDARINS and other little pleasures make this Guac absolutely divine. (Super generous serving as well.)  Tacos are cheap, but small, so you can try every-one on the menu for a song. And the CARNE ASADA ones?...... Can you say DELISH?! Stick with the carne asada and you won't be disappointed.. The red and green salsas at the table are both unique in taste and rich in flavor, and combined, ambrosial. Great place for a date or to nurse your hangover, either way, Bravo Gallo Blanco.. Bravo.  Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.       -Cheers
5	If by some strange happenstance, I were to try veggie tacos that were somehow better than Gallo Blanco's, my head might explode.  I could write love poems to Gallo Blanco's veggie tacos.  So sooo good.  And cheap!I won't rhapsodize about the guac and elote, but they are also delicious. And the drink menu is good enough that this place could stand alone as a bar.The best part about this place, though, is the variety of ways to enjoy it:  You can get tacos and drinks while lounging in the super-comfy pool area, or stake out a spot near the bar on Flamenco Wednesdays, or grab a spot on the patio on cool fall evenings.  Or you could go the traditional route and get a table in the restaurant's lovely and modern and chic interior.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  5 stars.
4	This is one of two places in town I send out of town guests when they ask for a good, authentic Mexican restaurant.  One friend from Baltimore loved it so much that later in the week when his wife arrived, he took her back instead of trying something new.  I am especially fond of the chilaquiles, which a Mexican friend vouches for as being authentic.I do try to avoid flamenco night as it gets rather loud and impossible to have an intimate conversation.  But other than that it's one of my Phoenix favorites.
5	Went again last night. The entire dining experience was both flawless and un- compromising. We walked away from the table to watch some of the live performance (super entertaining) and our waiter took the liberty of placing our food under the heat lamp so it didn't get cold AND put covers over our waters. Customer service at its finest. ******Oh, and I found out they are opening a SECOND LOCATION!! It's going to be more of a venue/lounge. Roof/patio and larger stage, BIGGER BAR= LOVE- How exciting!  I'll keep updates on the "detes" as soon as I find out more.
5	Hands down, this place is in my top 3 spots to eat in Phoenix.  Maybe, make that top 2!   I eat here at least once a week and am happy every single time.  Chilaquiles are amazing...best I've ever had.  Huevos Rancheros are so tasty any time of the day.  And the little street tacos are just right on a hot summer night.  I've even tried a couple of the salads as a meal and been quite, quite satisfied.   The servers are all cute as pie (boys AND girls) and never leave you unattended.  I always leave satisfied and wishing I had more room in my tummy for more.   Okay, one small irritation is they never can seem to get a drink made correctly...I've had to send them back for what I actually ordered on several occasions...and they are all in the $8 range....a little pricey I think.  But really, 5 stars from me!!!
5	Yum, Yum and more Yum! The elote is amazing and the huevos rancheros are delicious. Fresh ingredients make all the difference. Even the Michelada tasted fresh (I had it bloody). This would be my favorite restaurant if I lived in Phoenix!
5	My absolute favorite place in Phx to get lunch on a lazy Sunday.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome! Food is phenomenal and the guac is worth ordering. Won't be disappointed! I have now been there twice and cant wait to go back again. Torta: awesome. Tacos: awesome. Chicken dish thing that I cant remember the name?: awesome. boxed up what we didnt eat, and forgot it on the table. The server ran out to the road as we were driving to give it to us...are you kidding me? how sweet is that? go. now.
5	Bang-a-rang!You wouldn't think looking at the dining room that good Messican grub would come out of it.  But then you'd be greatly mistaken.  It reminded me of a hip little coffe shop. Started out with chips and salsa (you get a fresh poured bottle of red (fire roasted) and green (tomatillo)) and a side of guac. (There be bits of orange in it!!) Outstanding on all fronts!!  I did, however enjoy the green to the red.Enter meat stuffs.First off lemme learn you su'in right quick. Their Carne asada is not made with crappy cuts, they go for the gold and make 'em with RIBEYE!!! Oh, glorious fatty ribeye, how I adore thee...Naco Torta. On butter grilled bread with an over-medium crown atop it. Disgustingly delicious!!carne asada taco, conchinita taco, and shrimp taco.  All three better than any taco I've had in the past, I'd say, 6 years! Fo' Sewius.I want to live here, that is all.
5	I discovered Gallo Blanco a couple of years ago when I was having a birthday party at the Clarendon Pool. I had been vegetarian at the time but decided to let loose and try their cheeseburger...needless to say, I am no longer vegetarian. The simple cheeseburger was the tastiest piece of groundbeef I had ever experienced. Regionally grown beef that is ground on the premises and cooked to perfection. That was just the cheeseburger! I returned many times over the past couple of years and have been richly satisfied every time. The Clarendon is already one of the hippest spots in town and it provides a wonderful setting for the vividly colorful take on Mexican street fare. I come from Southern New Mexico and grew up on the finest mexican food in the world. I have been aghast by the lack of quality, authenticity and flavor in the variations of Mexican and wannabe New Mexican food around the valley (and don't even bring up that fake fancified version of the genre that Richardsons paraded out). I have also been on the search for a decent salsa. Finaly, with Gallo Blanco, my tastes have satisfied and tantalized! The freshness and care of the ingredients oozes out of every bite of every dish. The tortillas, salsas, and sauces are sublime. The modern, stylized versions of Mexican street fare Gallo presents retain the original essence of the dishes and are not overly "American cuisine" affected. Simplicty and transparency in every bite.I recommend a variety of tacos (pork adobado being my fave), the grilled chicken adobada, the chilaquiles, guacamole, and of course the burgers!Prices are reasonable but you may end up spending more than inteded when you delve in to the drink menu...that's a whole experience unto itself!Visit Gallo Blanco and plan on revisiting again and again.Also check it out on Wednesdays for an exquisite Flamenco performance!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in central phoenix. Amazing mexican brunch on the weekends, great lunch options. There salsa is superb, the atmosphere is hip and bright-- just like the Clarendon hotel it sits underneath. This is not your typical "hotel restaurant." You must go here!
3	Good food and the place can be happening.  But to be perfectly honest, there's much better Mexican food to be found in greater Phoenix at a cheaper price point.There's nothing bad about GB, and they do many things well, but I'm not sure if they'd get mentioned in the top 10 for many Mexican dishes.  In other words, I'd be happy to meet travelers staying at the hotel, but if someone wanted great Tacos, etc. - I'd suggest elsewhere.
3	Wish I could give this place 3 and a half stars. The food is amazing! Breakfast is delicious and uncomplicated. I dream about the shrimp tacos st night. The cocktails are super tasty. So why not 4 or 5 stars? The service is ridiculous. We'll get either no glasses of water, or 3 from 3 different servers. We'll get 4 people asking us if we're ready to order, and then get ignored for 20 minutes. I don't know what the problem is, but it's every freakin time!I wish the level of service would match the quality of the food. Then we'd be talking about something spectacular.
5	This place has the best tacos and chorizo fundido. And yummy Sleepy Dog beer!The staff and atmosphere are fantastic and the happy hour prices are great!
5	This has become one of my favorite midtown places. Food is top notch. The first few times I went there the wait staff was a little crabby but for about a dozen times since they've been super friendly. Breakfast is stellar and the local ingredients make a big difference in the taste.
5	I've been coming here for 2.5 years or so and now regularly eat there 1-2 times a week (sometimes more). I'm not a huge active Yelp-er but thought that I should finally give this place a review since it's well past due.First off, their guacamole is amazing. They make it with orange instead of the usual lime, which is the first time I've even heard that people do that. Delicious. Don't think I've ever gone here once without ordering at least 1 bowl of guacamole.I usually try to stop by around happy hour. They have great deals and their tacos are usually $1.50-2.50 each and are absolutely delicious. Love the carne asada and cochinitas tacos the best, although their ahi tuna ones are great as well.However, if you don't want tacos they have great tortas, chilaquiles and especially their carne asada burrito.I kind of want to go there again tonight (even though I was there last night). :)
5	Best restaurant in Phoenix.
3	The menu is not limited just Mexican food. However, that's not really a bad thing. The guacamole is super awesome. Same goes for chips and salsa. However, the entrees we tried were just average. Service staff is very friendly.
4	The food is consistently good. I've been many times and always, always. always love what I order.  Be it the tacos, guac, ceviche, salad or dessert it's all a taste explosion in your pie-hole.What isn't consistent is the service.  It goes from being exceptional to unfriendly and cold.  There are a couple of really great servers there that actually engage with you and smile, then there are the others who are either grumpy or just playing it really cool.  Ugh.It's a minor annoyance out weighed by the deliciousness.  I heart GB.
4	The food is 5 star ... and a good 5 star!!!The service is really 2 star. I've been a bunch of times and had one great server and the others have been very, very average. Never rude but really underwhelming. I'll still come back for those addictive tacos but come on guys, you can do so much better on the service.
4	Southwestern theme cafe in a small hotel! Known for it's yummy tacos but other dishes are great like their grilled salmon with a soy glaze!
3	I had to see what all the fuss was about.  I sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome, very cool, she let me try a few of the beers on tap before I settled on an IPA.  I ordered an elote.  Well, it was good but I've had better and all the hairs from the corn were not removed and they got stuck in my teeth.  Not cool.  I also had the Naco torta.  The over easy egg was the best over easy egg I've ever had in my entire life.  That's where it ended for me, the meat was meh the avocado slices were more like avocado slithers. I think this is a terrific spot to kick back and drink, perhaps have some apps but the food was like white boy Mexican food, not for me.
3	We yelped a breakfast spot in the Phoenix area and came across this joint. 4 star average with 350+ reviews. It sounded promising so we headed on out. Situated right next to a boutique hotel, inside there is not a wall separating the lobby area of that hotel and this restaurant. I'm guessing it's the hotel's restaurant. We decide to order the following:-grilled Mexican corn. (quite tasty actually!)-breakfast burrito with chorizo on the side (quite bland actually and required a lot of their salsa)-carnitas and carne asada tacos-eggs & chorizo plate Service was great and they made sure our waters and coffees were filled. While placing our orders our server provided helpful information which ultimately resulted in my decision to share my large portioned breakfast burrito since I wasn't very hungry.All in all nothing to write home about. I've eaten at so many great Mexican taquerias (trucks, hole in the walls, restaurants) in CA and practically grew up with this cuisine that I'm sorry to report that was pretty underwhelmed with GB's foods.
4	You know, I normally love this place if I get the right food. I am picky, though. It is very hit or miss.The corn is my favorite thing - I passionately love roasted corn. The queso chicharron thing sucks. Most of the tacos are tasty, but I have had better fish tacos... Their halibut taco sauce tastes like Miracle Whip - I hate miracle whip. The fish was bland.The ceviche and all salsas I highly recommend.The house salad is definitely a new favorite!!! The torta and half chicken asado is wonderful, and they have tasty, strong margaritas. Try them all!
1	I used to like Gallo Blanco untill they canceled my reservation, never will I set foot there again.   It was a fiedtrip to reward my honors seniors and juniors.   They cancelled the day before.   It is already hard to plan outings for our students since all paperwork has to be completed 14 days prior.   For the manager, chef and owner to do this is a slap in the face.
5	If you're looking for killer tacos, great gauc, and terrific service don't miss Gallo Blanco. Stopped in while traveling and it's off the charts good.
4	So I've just moved to the area from Seattle and my quest for Mexican/Southwest cuisine has begun. My dh and I popped over for a late lunch on a Saturday based on Yelp reviews. I wasn't sure if I wanted bfast or lunch so this place fit the bill for choices. Waited a bit for a table even though it wasn't very busy. The room is very loud even after a couple of acoustic panels look to have been installed. I can't imagine what it would be like on a crowded day or night so if you're looking for a small quiet place, this might not be it. We were lucky to have a great waitress who answered all our questions, made good suggestions and was sure to check in often. I had the torta with steak and fried egg. It was good, egg cooked very well, meat a bit overdone but tasty. Hubby had a pork carnita torta which was just okay. Also had the guac - yum-oh! And posole, quite good, too. Parking was easy, the hotel is a bit kooky if not interesting. I'll definitely be heading back soon.
4	The joint is jumpin' and the food is yummy.
5	Awesome Mexican food.Chilaquiles, shrimp ceviche, tortas, and all of the tacos were delicious. Oh, and their tomatillo salsa was awesome.I didn't care for their horchata, it lack flavor.
5	We were staying at the Claredon and the desk clerk (who is also from Yuma) told us that their restaurant was voted best Mex in Phoenix and she swore it was true so we had to try it.The elote (roasted corn with cheese and smokey paprika) was fab, as was the ceviche! The carne asasda taco was tasty, as so many have already said. The real stars, however, were the pork belly and vegie tacos. I'll be dreaming about those til our next trip north.
5	Best guacamole in town. Great prices, cool place to go with friends. Love it here. Fun to eat here while swimming as well.
5	I wanted to write a real review of this place. Gallo Blanco is probably my favorite restaurant thus far. Their street tacos are exceptional, the plain house salad has been reinvented and turned to something phenomenal. The melon-made Agua Fresco is fantastic, I took mine with a little tequila and triple-sec. Also, make sure you get guacamole on everything. I recommend this place to absolutely everyone for any occasion. The employees are great, lively and just fun people, from the manager to the dishwasher they were all extremely friendly.
4	This place has an amazing happy hour and delicious food! The tacos are my favorite. The funky atmosphere of the Clarendon Hotel also makes for a cool adventure.
5	Great food and drinks. This place has a great atmosphere for any occasion. The guacamole is off the heezy.
4	Yummy yummy!I met a friend here for my birthday dinner the other night. How have I never been here before I said to myself. So cute! The Clarendon Hotel is awesome looking too. We were seated a little tardy however, but I will over look that. Everything the hit the table was awesome! From my wine, to the tacos to the grilled corn on the cob my friend got. We started with the chips and guacamole, they also brought over two kinda of salsa. Both were great, one a bit spicier than the other one that was a green salsa. After a few bites we picked out our entrees. I got a pork quesadilla, halibut mini taco and she got some rice and bean and the grilled corn on the cob. My absolute fave has to be the corn. It is grilled on the cob then slathered in butter, Parmesan cheese and some spices. To Die for! I want to go get some right now. A mist try if you are in the area!
4	This is not your typical Mom and Pop Mexican joint, it's not Arriba's or Macayo's either. This is local fresh Mexican and is one of the best places you can hit in Phoenix. Start at the bar with a beer or a tasty margarita.One you get a table, you can't go wrong starting out with chips and guacamole. But for a really awesome start, go with the chicharron de queso which is a yummy cheese crisp accompanied with an aioli dipping sauce-it really is out of this world. Ideally come with a group so you can justify ordering that AND the chips and guac.The tacos are tasty and very reasonably priced-I recommend the carne asada and shrimp tacos. If you order a lot of different tacos it may be hard to keep track of which is which since they are brought to your table on metal racks. I also had a side of pint beans which were great.The service is friendly and attentive. I planned on drinking a lot on this particular visit and followed through on my plan. Fortunately they kept my water glass full so that could stay hydrated. Thanks to them and five advil, I was 80 percent functional by mid-day the following day (I think we were the last ones to leave that night)If you haven't already check this place out. The food and drinks are fantastic and reasonably priced-you really can't go wrong.
4	Great atmosphere, even better drinks and service.  The staff was courteous and attentive, offered great suggestions for a novice tequila drinker like myself.  Though I didn't order food, my party had nothing but good to say about the food.Wouldn't mind staying in hotel afterwards, the pool looks absolutely fab.
5	Love it, best guacamole in Arizona! For reals
5	Five star breakfast all the way!! Gallo Blanco is the restaurant housed inside of the Clarendon Hotel (boutique style). We met some friends here for breakfast after reading the reviews on Yelp as well as delving into some seriously delicious guacamole the night before. Most of us took our waitresses recommendation on the Chilaquillas and I, personally, was SO glad I did. I think I literally licked my plate clean. Now mind you, it was not your typical soggy, enchilada sauce soaked, casserole of tortilla chips. This was an out-of-the world, new age way of making Chilaquillas. I'm not going to give it away, I will just say you'll never look at the traditional dish the same way again.The restaurant is quite 70's modern as is the entire them of the Clarendon and the servers and staff of the restaurant are top shelf. Always there when you need them and not there when you don't. Perfect service. If I were in Phoenix again and needed to find a place for breakfast I would certainly go out of my way to get to Gallo Blanco again.On a side note, we did not get the chance to go in the evening, but they do serve dinner, they do have a full bar and the one night we saw it, the place was packed so I'm sure it's just as good in the evening as it is in the morning.
4	Great, casual place, especially 3-6pm Happy Hour when most of the tacos, appetizers are a dollar off.The elote (with cheese, butter) is highly rated but I thought it was meh...  At $4 it's a LOT of corn - enough for 2 people to share.  We had the cheese fondue - the corn tortillas are fantastic.  The cheese which arrives in a cast iron pan does not stay melted long enough and soon you are stuck with a hunk of congealed cheeseThe tacos are very good and a dollar off about $1.50-$1.75 each.The guacamole is good.The salad is very good.Definitely a star in Phoenix and worth the visit. Plus outdoor seating is great.
4	Gallo Blanco is housed in a delightfully kitschy old hotel decorated with midcentury modern furniture and goofy art. We waited by the colorful pool and had drinks and very yummy guacamole while we waited for our table. We had chilaquiles and queso fundido and shrimp tacos--awesome!
4	Yum! While staying at the hotel we had dessert which was super yummy lemon tart and brownie and lemon tart! The next morning we went and had breakfast the people were very friendly! My husband got the breakfast burrito and I go the eggs and toast w/ refried beans. They make there our salas which is ver flavorful for sure!!
5	What to choose, what to choose. Such difficult decisions! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Dispite the fact that I'm a libra, I'm very decisive. Friends usually look to me to make all sorts of decisions ::diabolical laugh:: Still, this place consistently stumps me.Is it Tuesday? If yes, then I'm definately getting the Pork Belly Tacos.Otherwise, I'll start with an order of Ceviche and Asado Salad.To drink I'll have Agua Fresca de Sabor.Yes, I'm going to have an entre too, I mean I've already broken my diet, might as well :DI'll have the Huevos Rancheros or 3 Carne Asada Tacos or the Verduras de Temporada or the Chilaquiles Verdes or the Carne Asada Torta. OMG, so many great options! Seriously, this normally isn't a problem. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to try everything.Next up, a euphoric food coma! Life is good.
4	Host was nice and the tacos were good
5	Brought my parents here, and encouraged them to get a little tipsy on sangria and margaritas while we waited. They did, I did -- off to a good start.I am all about the Ensalada Cortada. You might be thinking, to hell with corn nuts, what is a Yulu seed or a zamorano, these do not belong in my salad.We don't know each other that well, but (and don't take this the wrong way), but you're trippin'. Just get the 1/2 price, 1/2 serving-size of the Cortada, and thank me later. And set aside the fact that the rich, creamy ranch dressing nearly negates the health-factor of "getting a salad," and focus on the crunchy tangy deliciousness up in your mouth.My parents also watched on as I tore into the elote as if it were a weak, sick antelope in a PBS documentary. Get your buzz on before hand, so that instead of inspiring terror in those around you, everyone sort of giggles without making eye contact.(My parents also got things to eat. I am sure those things were good too.)
3	Gallo Blanco sits in the renovated Clarendon Hotel, and like it follows in its contemporary flare and design. The walls are adorned with mexican-themed pop and graffiti art. The dining area is casual, reminded me of a cafeteria with its symmetrically positioned chairs and tables. The menu fairly simple. It mainly consisted of small dishes, which for better or worse, requires one to order multiple things. Most of our party decidedly went for the tacos. I ordered a pork torta as we were forewarned by the waitress that the tacos were small...and they were. The tacos, having received fairly good reviews, were a disappointment. The carne asada, while great in quality of meat, was not authentic at all. It sat in a stew of juice both sweet and salty, and while tasty, carne asada it was not. The halibut tacos were nice and flaky but otherwise bland. The items that really saved the night was the pork torta which was suprisingly big in size. Its mere size made the tacos we had ordered look even smaller. The margaritas are right on point too. And lastly the complimentary red and green sauce added a nice spice to everything we ate. For possible future trips will avoid the tacos, order some more appetizers and try different varieties of their tortas. Until I decide to make that drive again, you'll find me at Filbertos or Fiesta Burrito.
3	I heard a lot of good things about this place and was looking forward to some great food.  I was not impressed, but for a hotel lobby restaurant it is good.The margaritas were just average.  The beer selection was limited and there was not a good Mexican beer selection.  I tried a selection of the tacos; beef, fish and shrimp.  They were overloaded.  I am not a fan this, the filling either bursts the tortilla or it falls out all over the plate.  The beef was a bit chewy and along with the fish was a bit bland.  The shrimp taco was pretty good. I split a beef torta; it was pretty good.  It had a nice balance of filling and bread, but not much flavor.  There was a queso dish my wife ordered... I tried it, but I can't speak intelligently about it because I was a few drinks into the evening.  I remember it was OK.I am not sure it was hotel or the restaurant, but they have a free Flamenco dance show on Wednesday nights.  The show we saw was pretty amazing.  It fills up fast.I would not go out of my way to eat here, but If I were staying at the Clarendon, I would eat here.
3	I like the Clarendon a lot. There's a rooftop bar, a really awesome pool, a cool feel to it, a lounge, and they have events that seem fun. My friends and I come here for lunch from time to time, and I've been in the evening a few times  as well. The bar service is Ok depending on the night in which you go. I've gone a lot of Saturday nights and had great service most of the time, although there was one night the service was incredibly slow.  I like the drinks and have eaten in the cafe just a few times. The dishes I've ordered are just OK, nothin' special. The fruit salad had a lot of apples and very few strawberries (yes I know apples are cheaper).  I had recently ordered a crepes dish that was supposed to have a specific cream sauce with plantains. I was disappointed to see that the crepes were covered with cheap-o spray can whipped cream and bananas! Not the same. I was craving some plantains.  The guac is OK with greasy chips, but I've had better restaurant guac. I typically enjoy a sangria or a wine.   One of the people in my group had ordered a drink and said it sucked, though. I like the ambience of the place, mainly because I am usually with a large group of friends. It can get loud during certain evenings. I used to come a lot of Tues evenings but haven't been a while.  Saturdays can get busy, as expected, but the lounge is a chill area to hang out while waiting for a table, and the wait staff leave us alone till the table is ready. I love the rooftop bar area, especially during the cooler months. Sometimes the heat lamps aren't on, though. It's open late, and it's usually not busy.
5	I was in Phoenix for a few days and stayed at The Clarendon. This little restaurant is in the hotel and I ended up eating here a few times during my stay. The hotel is very trendy, modern, kind of has the Old Palm Springs trendy look. I love it. Anyway, this little restaurant has the best of everything. My favorite was the tacos de carne asada. The meat is really tasty and has a great sweet taste. I also had the shrimp and halibut tacos all really yummy. If you go for happy hour, they are each about a $1.75. Great Deal. Okay but my FAVORITE was the Chilaquiles with egg. OMG this was SOOO good. It was a stack of crispy corn tortillas with eggs and a sauce that was to die for. Now on a different day, I had the chorizo and egg plate. This was not my favorite. The chorizo didn't have any egg so it was just too strong for my liking. I didn't end up eating it. I had a friend visit me for breakfast one day and he had the chorizo torta, that looked very good. One more thing, get the OJ. It is fresh squeezed. Ceviche was great, they'll give you a whole bowl of homemade chips with your order. Lastly the bar that is adjacent to the restaurant, is very lively with a bunch of beautiful people who are artsy, clever and very hip. Have the Sangria. This is about one of the only few places I think that can make a good original Sangria. Also rooftop bar is great too.Can't wait to visit again.
5	Love, love, LOVE Gallo Blanco! I discovered this cute little hotel restaurant when I lived around the corner in one of those dodgy apartment complexes, and now it's become one of my "go-to" places.The bf and I went here last night for our anniversary (yeah, we love it), and we scored with the Happy Hour prices!One thing-- GET THE GUACAMOLE!! I don't know exactly what is in it (other than avocado and tomatoes), but it is so good. Legit guacamole for sure! Also, I have no idea what the commenter below was smoking, but the chips at this place are AWESOME! You can tell the chips are homemade from tortillas-- thick and crunchy and NOT greasy!Also, their sangrias are really tasty and strong! $5 during Happy Hour... you know you want it!I got the veggie tacos last night (2 @ $1.25 a piece) and damn were they good. I love the way they make their corn tortillas-- light and fluffy and full of flavor. The tacos were really good too-- stuffed full of grilled veggies, pico de gallo, and more of that incredible guacamole!I'm not a big eater, so you might want to get more than one... or do what we did, and order drinks and an appetizer. Yum :)The bf got two carne asada tacos and one pork taco... he actually couldn't choose which one he liked more! He said the carne tacos were "very flavorful" but the pork tacos were "really tender"... basically, he loved both of them.We haven't tried dessert at Gallo Blanco (we go elsewhere for our desserts!) but I'm sure they're not half bad.The ambiance at the Clarendon is really nice-- the restaurant itself is secluded from the hotel and is very open air concept-y... big windows so you can see outside (you can sit outside too!) and low tables inside so you have a great view of the whole restaurant.Also, as for dress... we saw all kinds of things. People in jeans and t-shirts, people in fancy clothes (again, we were there during Happy Hour so a lot of people had come straight from work), and some people in cocktail dresses. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is dressing formally (suit, prom dress). It's not that kind of place.
5	Awesome. We will definitely going back!!
4	Well I've only been here once, but that's only because I live in Tucson. I still think about their chilaquiles a month after having had them for the first time. Must be love!All you have to know1) Chilaquiles: the most basic of Mexican breakfast food. The presentation at Gallo Blanco sexes up the dish by a whole lot.  Whole tortillas used instead of the usual strips/bits. Alternating layers of tortilla, salsa, veggies, and egg. A minor work of art. 2) Chilaquiles at Gallo Blanco are not only good looking but delicious as well. I ate EVERYTHING on my plate.3) Hipsters like chilaquiles. They were EVERYWHERE. In summary:Basic. Sexy.  Delicious. Hipsters. Got it?
5	I have never been disappointed with this place. Their sangria and margs and sangria are awesome. The nacho torta is the bomb and the chips and guacamole is a must. If you like beer they have dos Equis amber on tap. Sitting out side on the patio is great if the weather is decent. I would recommend this place to anyone.
3	I am not a hipster... or a fan of the mod style so I didn't really like the ambiance here as much as some of the other reviewers.  They have a nice patio, though. The food was pretty good, too.  As others have remarked, it is not exactly traditional Mexican but I don't mind places that put their own spin on things. I had the Pozole which was very tasty.  My hubby and I often debate with family and friends from Mexico as to whether Pozole broth should be red or clear - everyone seems to have their own opinion of which way is right.  I was happy that at Gallo Blanco they had a clear broth but served it with a chile paste that you could add to your taste and so make it as red as you want.  Our Queso Fundido appetizer (with chorizo) was just as tasty and the special key lime dessert was d-lish as well.The biggest disappointment was the menu.  I was surprised at how limited it was.  I would not recommend this place for dinner.  But I am sure the tacos would be great for happy hour.  And I would love to come for brunch to try some of the breakfast items.  I noticed they had Micheladas on the drink menu and so that would work nicely for either occassion.  So, three stars for now but it may increase in the future after subsequent visits.
3	I really hate writing follow up reviews that aren't as stellar as the first, however, in this case I have no choice. I took the parents here for a Sunday lunch this past weekend, and had a very underwhelming experience, service side only. *FOOD WAS AWESOME* Per usual, but the service was seriously lacking. I am not sure if it was because we didn't fit in to the usual hipster crowed, OR if our server was tired from a busy brunch service, either way unacceptable. First the hostess was very nice and sat us sooner than we were quoted. We were hungry so that was awesome. We first got a drink and an appetizer from the bar while we waited. The bartender was in no hurry to make anyone's drinks so we had to wait a few minutes for her to get herself together, ok though because they tasted so good once we got them we forgot all about the wait, bloody marys and sangria! Then when we sat down the waiter seemed a little upset that we already had a first round of drinks and an appetizer. A bit rude, but we let it go. It's not like we were planning to just sit there and not order anything else. He never really smiled, nor seemed interested in serving our table. We might have seemed a bit high maintenance to him, as we had to ask for several things every time he was at the table, but if he got the order right and listened the first time we wouldn't have had to. Our second round of drinks took forever from the bar, not sure who's fault that was. All in all the food and drinks were great, but left feeling a little unwanted and unwelcomed, no we didn't have pink spiky hair or were same sex orientated, but the $100 we spent on a simple lunch should have been enough for them to make us feel welcome. Better luck next time I hope.
5	Great atmosphere, best guacamole around, and they even catered to my Paleo :)
4	Killer food and the best red beer ever! I am new to the Phoenix area and ran across this place for happy hour. Three dollar beer and $1.50 tacos. It was a fun happy place I could go to frequently.
4	I really do like this place for brunch/lunch.  I went there with my sister, her bff and my bf and we all had a good experience.  The good is great and really flavorful.  The only problem that I have is sometimes the service is hit or miss.  It took a while for us to get served at the beginning but the food made up for it.  I will return to try other items on the menu and to give the service a 2nd try!
5	Very impressed by the fish torta offered here. Plus, this place is open till 11pm, great choice if you just want a bite late at night.
5	It was my first time visiting Gallo Blanco today. I manage 3 apartment communities within walking distance and I'm thrilled to have discovered this gem! The house salad is absolutely fantastic with a non-traditional style and a flavor that flew off the charts! By recommendation, I also had the shrimp taco. Bravo! The overall feel, decor, art and vibe paired with locally grown produce and fantastic service from Darlene will have me coming back regularly along with my business contacts and friends!
5	Being in a hotel, many people may not think of Gallo Blanco when looking for a delicious, authentic Phoenix restaurant to eat at. But this is a huge mistake! Gallo Blanco hits all of these marks and more with its amazing food, eclectic atmosphere and focus on high-quality, local and sustainable food. Even now that I live in GIlbert, I am still bringing visitors to this restaurant all the time. Their guac is among the best I've ever had, breakfast is fantastic, totas are to die for and even their burger is brilliant. Their cocktails are also fabulous. Best Bloddy Mary in town, and their house Margarita puts many restaurant's higher end Margaritas to shame. And don't get me started on the Prickly Pear Margarita!If you are reading this debating what restaurant to go to. Stop the debate, get in the car, and go to Gallo Blanco
4	I love the feel of this cute restaurant! It was a beautiful day and we decided to sit outside. Their service was very fast and the staff was very attentive. It was lunch time so I expected them to be kind of slow but it was the total opposite. We had the ceviche for an appetizer and it was quite tasty. Also the chips and salsas are so good! I love how spicy their red salsa was! I had the chilaquiles with over medium eggs. Apparently it had pieces of shredded chicken and cheese. It wasnt your traditional chilaquiles but their own spin on the dish witch totally worked! My friend got the narco torta and he said that the egg was too over powering so he just simply took it off his next half lol Overall, I had a good experience and will definitely come again.
3	Nice atmosphere. The Halibut Tacos were out yet they had Sea Bass :-) instead.
5	When first visiting Gallo Blanco in 2009, I would have definitely given it 3 stars. Service was very spotty and the HH was a lot more limited. Now, after visiting this place countless times for brunch, dinner and HH, I really do think it's an affordable, reliable and delicious destination that makes sense for a lot of different types of social situations - from a meal shared with my grandmother to a spontaneous HH with friends. As many reviewers have mentioned, happy hour is fantastic here, with tacos from $1 - $2.50 and great drink prices. Here are some of my favorite food and drink items (keep in mind that I'm a pescetarian, so meat didn't make it on the list!): *Agua fresca of the day w/ or w/o vodka*Picoso (tequila, pineapple and jalapeno) *Micheladas (make 'em bloody for a great hangover cure)*Bloody Marys (they make them with dill for an unexpected but fresh twist)*Elote (Mexican corn) with cotija cheese and cream *Shrimp tacos (amazing, juicy shrimp) *Chilaquiles (the sauce used to have chicken but they now offer a vegetarian version)*Chopped saladOne other awesome bonus is that the bar will wrap up food to go if you'd like to take up to the roof. Get your drink in a plastic cup and you're all set!
5	Seriously delicious food and amazing staff. Egg torta is heaven.
5	Some of the best flavor combos you're gonna find in Phoenix metro can be had right here.  Best horchata ever. Great micheladas. Amazing corn on the cob w/ queso. Last night I had the pica rico burger since I've had the tacos before. It rocked. I just finished it for lunch leftover, and guess what? It rocked the next day even harder.  I love this place, they never disappoint.
3	The food is amazing and the service is getting much better!  Had to come back and change my bad review to a good one.  I highly suggest the Shrimp Torta which is not even on the menu, but should be!
4	Had dinner here recently and already can't wait to go back. We had the guacamole and queso with chorizo and both were good. I usually love the guacamole but tonight  (it was last Thursday) it was a little too chunky. It was also missing the usual tang from the fruit. It was still great, but I've had better (yes, that's what she said). We then ordered an assortment of tacos which were all delicious. My favorite was the pork and I am literally salivating at the thought of them. The were perfect with just a hint of sweet. Pure heaven! Plus the margaritas were spot on and the service was friendly.
4	Gallo is one of those trendy places to take your date to on a friday night; although I personally was here for luch. We stuck to the tacos, since thats really what I hear all the good things about from them and they did not dissapoint. A bit on the pricey side $3 for a 2 - 3 bite sized taco, if you come on tuesdays I hear they have an all day happy hour. The food was great so I didn't feel too bad spending $25+ on 5 tacos, chips n salsa, and a couple of soft drinks for 2 people. The service was neither amazing nor terrible. I will probably end up here from time to time on tuesdays to get the most ! for my $.
4	It's just another lazy Saturday, my friend and I bumming around downtown, popping into little boutiques and then we get hungry. My friend mentions tacos and I remembered seeing this place on Check Please Arizona (yes, I love this nerdy show). We head over to the Clarendon and in an instant I'm transported from Phoenix to some other city...it felt like San Diego or something. People were wandering around in bathing suits. The atmosphere was super chill. There were hipsters in colored jeans, old ladies in polyester, and families with little kids. I loved it already. The service was good - not crazy speedy or anything but that seemed to go with the laid back vibe. I ordered the cheese quesedilla and 2 tacos - carne asada and pork. Everything was good - the pork was a little fatty so I'd probably skip that next time. My friend had the halibut and pork tacos as well as the corn which she said was awesome. She felt the same as I did about the pork taco. The check was only $20 - not bad. I will definitely be back for happy hour!
4	Fun little place in the classic Clarendon Hotel. Fresh local ingredients, good food, and some nice cocktails. The guacamole is some of the best I have ever had. The added orange wedges bring some nice citrus to the heavy avocado, and the fresh made chips pair quite well with it. The Naco Torta should be an automatic. Smokey grilled ribeye with a slightly spicy salsa and two over easy eggs on a delicious griddled telera roll.The breakfast items are deliciously fresh. The ingredients are local and well put together to create a wonderful blend of traditional Mexican items.The hidden surprise here though are the desserts. Especially the postre de chocolate, but I am a sucker for s'mores.Just a great little gem off the beaten path a little that offers great food.
1	I know everyone loves this place. I try and try to like it, something is just not quite right. Today we went in for  cocktails on the patio.   First the umbrella fell on me.  Staff had a very low care factor.  That I expect from this staff.  After waiting 25 minutes we asked about our drinks. And then we waited...and then we walked out. Service is hipster cool, semi non existent. Too cool to wait on you atmosphere.  They were not that busy. other tables that were seated after us had their cocktails and food.  And we waited.  Multiple wait staff walked by us pre order and post order.  No one asked a thing and no one cared.  The care factor is so low and it so obvious the staff could care less about the clients it is sad.  I have noticed this before certain folks are fawned over and others ignored.  Talk about restaurant profiling.   We are not hipsters hence we were ignored, discounted any number of words come to mind. let me repeat NO ONE CARED! Every time I go there I try to understand why folks are enamored. No more trying, no more going.5 minutes ago  Like
4	So, the first time I hit this place up I wasn't knocked off my feet, but decided to give them a second chance (and third and fourth).  I think they have kicked it up a notch food and beverage-wise, because everything has become more delicious.  I especially love their happy hour prices!  Veggie tacos for $1.25 each!  House cocktails for five bucks and on Saturday and Sunday, mimosas and bloodies are $5 until 6pm.  Their Bloody Mary was really good, freshly made with tons of fresh dill! Yumski!  We order the chips and guac every time (the guac has chunks of orange in it, which makes for an unexpected burst of citrusy goodness).  Like I said, the veggie tacos are cheap and they are packed with flavor.  I love chilling outside on their patio when the weather is nice.  They use some local purveyors, which really turns my wheels:)Muy delicioso!
4	Gallo Blanco is absolutely delicious!  This charming little cafe and bar, located on the ground floor of the Clarendon Hotel, is a great destination for scrumptious Mexican style food.  The ingredients are very, very fresh, and the flavor they cram into every last morsel is spectacular.  They make great salsa and great guacamole, and apparently the guacamole is made fresh to order.  They could stand to put their rather chunky green verde salsa in a squeezable container, though.  It was impossible to get out of the glass bottle in which it was placed.If you want an especially good deal, hit them up for happy hour!  They have street vendor style tacos for an average of around two bucks a pop, filled generously with beef, pork, fish, etc.  You can't go wrong!  Four of us ate three tacos each, split chips and salsa with guacamole, two of us had drinks, and one person had soup, and the whole thing came to fifty bucks.  It's a fair price for such high quality food.  If you are downtown, this is worth a try.
5	So I was visiting some family in Phoenix and while I was here, I had a craving for some great Mexican food for lunch. I searched out this place on Yelp and it had decent reviews so I thought I'd hit it up. I was greeted warmly by the hostess who gave me the pick of the house for my preference and shortly after I was thanked and greeted by my server who offered a menu and drink request. I'm a total fanatic for good guacamole and carne asada so without even really looking at the menu, I ordered the guac appetizer and a carne asada burrito with jasmine rice.I'm originally from San Diego and of course we're completely saturated with a billion Mexican restaurants both chain and privately owned so it's definitely not my first rodeo so to speak. When you travel to different parts of the country, you will see many different interpretations of what constitutes "Mexican Food" both good and bad unfortunately and some just "different".When I got my food, I would say it's both "Different" AND "great"!!! The Guacamole had so many different flavors with some small chunks of Valencia Oranges and ripe Haas Avocados almost like a ceviche consistency. Delicious!!! When the burrito and rice arrived I took one bite and never wanted it to end. The meat was a well-seasoned rib eye steak that was so juicy and tender, I was so disappointed when it came to an end. The only thing that was better than the food was the service. Although I only ordered an Iced Tea, it's probably a good thing that I didn't order a margarita because the bus boy and server never let that glass get below half full before they were coming around the corner to refill it. Had it been a margarita, I would have been as sloshed as a boat captain of an Italian Cruise Ship in Greece!!I've got nothing bad to say about my experience here and if you do dive into the drinks, there's a hotel right next door so you can sleep it off gently into a Cantina Coma!!!
2	I joined a group of friends last night for dinner at Gallo Blanco, this being the first time for a few of us. When we first arrived, we were told it would be a 35-40 minute wait for a table of 6. We were totally fine getting a drink from the bar and chillin by the pool. However, after 1.5 hours of waiting we began to get a little impatient and when checking on our table status, the hostess informed us that there were only 2 tables in the restaurant that could seat 6 people and they were just waiting on a party to leave.As we waited for another 30 minutes and were debating on going somewhere else, the hostess came over and told us there was a table open and it would be just a few minutes. It took about another 15 minutes to get seated as they had figured out they could combine a table of 4 with a table of 2.We quickly ordered our food and I had ordered 1 shrimp taco and a side of guacamole and chips. After our table had received our order, I had still not gotten my side of guac and chips. When I asked about it, the server asked me if I was sure I had ordered it because they had delivered guac and chips to the table once - which my friends had ordered. Several more minutes go by and our waitress came to check in and I asked about my guac and chips again. After a lengthy conversation of clarifying what I had ordered, a side of guacamole was delivered to me, without chips. It took another few minutes to get the chips to go with my guacamole.The service was extremely frustrating which definitely spoiled my experience. However, I have nothing bad to say about the food - it was excellent.
4	I went for the first time tonight, honestly the absolute best thing about the place was the Art.  The work by a Donna Bonavito and Jessie Butterfield was impressive and amazing.  I went for happy hour and really enjoyed the Veggie taco, it was very heaping with flavor and ingredients.  The chips and salsa were very good.  It is a popular spot with a good vibe.
5	YES! This place is fantastic! Really good food, probably my favorite mexican in the city. The guacamole is righteous! I would recommend that and also the Carne Asada burrito. Cowabunga!
3	I convinced my family to eat at this place (before trying it) when we drove to Phoenix to visit my cousin, so felt a weird sort of pressure eating here... ***disclaimer: vegetarian rating***Ingredients are fresh, and it's nice that they make a conscious effort to support local farms.  I ordered the vegetable taco, grilled corn, and an order of fries.  The way that the tacos are brought out was a little awkward, as multiple tacos are tightly fitted in a silver taco tray, and the wait staff have you pluck out your choice as it's brought around.  Mine seemed to have been stuck in the tray somehow, and I ended up leaving a heap of the fillings behind before I finally got it into my plate, but anyway, it was fine... I'm not big on certain grilled vegetables (zucchini, squash, chunks of corn), and wished that it had been a simple traditional taco with beans instead of meat, but still... it was light and the seasonings were good.  The corn on the cob was really good, and something I'd like to eat again, as were the fries, which came with a really great dipping sauce.I also ordered the agua fresco, which was honeydew, I believe.  Very, very nice.  Refreshing.  All things considered, I'd give this place a 3.  Not my favorite Mexican eatery, by any means, but probably better if I ordered something with meat.
1	The first time I ate here I didn't have a memorable experience because the food was not bad but there are so many good taco shops and Mexican food restaurants in central Phoenix that are less expensive. I did, however, decide to book my girlfriend's birthday dinner here because she love's taco's and the ambiance is better than a taco truck. (No offense to Charlie's) Also, the restaurant is located near our final destination for the evening. We showed up 15min early for our reservation but a few people in the party had not arrived. We were told by the hostess that our entire party needed to be there before we could be sat. We decided to order drinks in the bar and sip them near the pool. After we had ordered 3 rounds of drinks the hostess came out to tell us she gave our table away because she couldn't find us. We were all in shock because we had been walking past the hostess stand all night to order drinks. They could not have tried very hard to look for us. We asked to speak to the manager. Instead of being apologetic he came at us with an attitude as if the whole incident were our fault. We told him we couldn't believe the way he was treating us and we would not be back. To that he responded "fine you can leave!" Two minutes later he came back and offered to cover our bar tab and get us another table. At that point half the party was already outside. It was too little too late. Not sure why the manager (who also claimed to be the restaurant owner) would not come to us apologetic from the start. He has a lot to learn about managing a restaurant and treating customers with respect. They should think about investing in pagers since they have trouble locating guests who have all ready checked in for a reservation!
2	I had heard so many good things about this place and me being a Taco Lover I had to see for myself. I was disappointed from the beginning. Came on a Tuesday and was told we had to wait but that we could get drinks at the bar. Sounded like a good idea until 20mins later we had yet to be help after asking for a waitress and even going to the bar several times.  When we finally got a table I was more than excited to order. Nothing but average through out my experience. I would have been better off going to Americans Taco Shop.
4	I used to go here all the time for the absolutely, hands-down best ahi tacos in the universe.  But, alas, they have dropped out of sight...are ahi disappearing myseriously?!?!  I'm not sure why they don't have it anymore but I'm really disappointed.  I will be back though for the awesome guac.  And the carne asada tacos are good too.  Oh, and they have Negra Modelo on tap.  Now that's really why I'm really coming back.  ;)Please save the ahi so Gallo Blanco can put it back on the menu.
5	Prices were beyond reasonable and the carne asada beef torta was delicious. The two sauces they give you to put on the sandwich were not too spicy but full of flavor. I'm heading there for breakfast now lol.
5	Very great food!
5	People the world over have set aside Sunday as a time to fulfill religious obligations in a church or a temple or whatever. I, too, devote Sunday to a spiritual undertaking of sorts. Brunch: the most important of all Sunday traditions, and Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite houses of worship.I begin my service with a holy communion of mimosas. I reflect on the salvation that the blood of distilled grapes and fresh squeezed flesh of oranges provides to me. Then the divine Huevos Rancheros speaks to me through a chorus of heavenly flavors. The housemade tortillas, perfect blend of cheeses, and spicy tomato sauce brings me to my knees in a prayer of thanksgiving.The saints that staff this wonderful establishment are very helpful and attentive. They are always happy to bring out an additional round of mimosas or to explain any menu item. I will religiously attend brunch at Gallo Blanco because their food is amazing, and the wait is not as bad as other brunch hotspots around downtown.Amen!
4	great happy hour prices. lots of photo ops inside and a great rooftop area for parties.
1	I like Gallo Blanco. Their drinks are good and so it their food. But today, I had a horrid experience that will keep me from coming back. My friend ordered a salad and bit into glass. A lot of glass. Not a trifling amount of glass.  I'd say a few pieces the size of peas. The staff took care of it, and comped our meal. But, I won't go back. While our server was great today, they haven't been fantastic on other times. Glass and so so serve will keep me from going again.
4	I woke up with an incredible craving for street tacos and somehow Gallo Blanco Cafe answered my call with its chocinita (slow roasted pork) tacos, carne asada tacos, shrimp tacos, and halibut tacos. Don't worry...I wasn't a complete oink. I shared these 5 tacos with my hubby, who also had the pork posole stew. All were equally delicious!As an avid guacamole fan, I enjoyed that their fresh guac had cojita cheese sprinkled on top and mandarin oranges that were mixed in for a citrus "kick." Nice touch! I don't always look for citrus in my guac, but it definitely seemed to work.Since today was Mother's Day, we expected the place to be packed, but we only waited about 20 minutes. This 20 minutes was not spent in vain. It was Sunday happy hour, so we got 2 bloody marys for $10. These bloody marys were spicy and had a pickled green bean, jicama, and celery in addition to the 2 olives on the salted rim. The spiciness was absolute perfection. It wasn't so hot that you couldn't enjoy it, but it's what you look for when drinking bloody marys. While waiting for our table, my hubby described the lobby of The Claredon Hotel as kitch. There were alot of old furniture mixed with modern touches. The art of Ian Christiansen was all over the walls as well. His artwork featured "Book of Dork: The Art of Gospel." In most cases, people might find some of his work offensive since one of the art pieces featured ET shedding light upon the manger where Jesus was born. He combines his love of the 80s with classic Bible figures. It was interesting and creative and crazy all at the same time! I don't know if it's always there, but it's unlike artwork I've ever seen. Service? Well, it's good thing I loved my company because we were probably only checked on twice the entire time we were there by our waiter. The other staff saved the experience by constantly keeping our waters full, but we didn't really have a chance to order more drinks since our actual waiter didn't ask us. At the end of the meal, we were given a pool pass to hang out at the unique pool at the center of this rennovated mod hotel. We will definitely eat there again next time and probably hang out at the pool afterwards. I mean, why not? It's summer!
1	It was my first time getting anything from this place, and considering that I'm Mexican I figured I would be lenient on this place since I knew it was going to be whitewash Mexican food, so I called my order in (Pollo Asado, and 2 tacos) and the guy told me it would be about 20 minutes. I only live like a block away so after 15 minutes I strolled on down there. When I walked in, no one really greeted me or even took notice, so after about 5 minutes someone finally asked me if I had been helped, I told the girl I came to pick up my order. They said it would be right up, but I proceeded to wait another 45 minutes. While I was waiting I got to observe the prep cooks continually texting with their gloves on and then go back to preparing peoples salads, and guacamole, Yuk!  Finally I got my food and rushed home only to realize that I got a mediocre piece of chicken with BBQ sauce on it? WTF I thought this was Mexican food? The tacos were ridiculously tiny, and the meat was cold! I'll never set foot in this place ever again. . You've been warned.
4	What can I say that hasn't been said already.  This place is great!  Great decor, great food, great service!  Living in Gilbert, we don't get over this way all that often, but I'd definitely like to go back!
3	Went on a Friday night and started in the bar area for drinks.  One of the bartenders seemed a bit new at mixing which resulted in my spicy tequila drink being mostly tequila.  I was a bit happy after that!  We were seated about 30 min. later outside.  The service was nothing to write home about.  The bussers seemed pissed off and our server was neither friendly or rude.  She hardly spoke.  Moving on, we ordered our food and started with the guacamole and chips.  It was pretty darn good.  Next, I had the street tacos which were pretty small but due to the chips and guac, way too much food.  We also ordered the french fries- bleh.  The beer selection was pretty light.  I think there were only 3 or 4 beers offered, draft and bottled.  They didn't have corona which I thought was strange for a mexican restaurant but they did have tecate.  All good.I'll probably be back because sitting outside in this quiet neighborhood was pleasant and the mixed drink variety was pretty good.
3	Gallo Blanco has a lot going for it--great location at the Clarendon, interesting space, decent prices for the food and friendly servers.  And yet.  I ate there twice this past weekend, dinner Saturday night and brunch on Sunday.  Saturday night, we opted to sit outside because the music inside was too loud to hold a conversation comfortably.  The patio was okay.  The food was mixed.  On the recommendation of the server, we stared with queso fundido with chorizo.  The chips were fantastic--perfectly crispy but strong enough to hold up to dipping--but the fundido was just okay.  I ate about four chips before I came across any chorizo, so that was disappointing.  Moving on to dinner, my partner ordered three shrimp tacos.  I had three also, but I went with the halibut, cochinita, and carne asada.  Sadly, the shrimp was a huge letdown.  They would have been great, but the main ingredient was way past its prime; the shrimp tasted old and was seriously overcooked (maybe a good thing in this case??).  I felt bad for my partner because my tacos were, on the whole, pretty good.  The halibut was fine but definitely benefited from the green salsa on the table.  The cochinita, on the other hand, was delicious as is.  However, while the beef in the carne asada was tender and tasty, the flavor was more like teriyaki than asada.  Still, my partner LOVED it.  We passed up dessert but we did order drinks.  The classic margarita was okay, but for $11, the Sueno Mojado *really* should have tasted like it actually had tequila in it.  Alas, all I could taste was orange.  So dinner had its highs and lows.On to brunch the next day.  We started with drinks and guacamole ($7).  We had no problem with the guac, other than that the scoop that arrived in a plastic (!?) molcajete was pretty skimpy for the money. The specialty cocktails were really overpriced for what you get: the El Julio ($8) tasted like a barely-spiked limeade; likewise, the El Ruso ($10) should have had more of a kick, given that it's basically a pricey Moscow Mule.  The bright spot was the 16-ounce Bloody Mary ($5 during brunch, normally $8).  It was tasty, fresh, had a nice spicy heat to it, with great olives and jicama garnish.  Definitely worth five bucks!For the mains:  I had the shrimp ceviche (I know what you're thinking. Why would I order the shrimp given the meal the night before?  In short, I wanted to give the restaurant a second chance.); my partner ordered three carne asada tacos (guess he really loved mine the night before!); and our friend had a shrimp taco and a carne asada taco.  Alas, the shrimp was as bad at brunch as it had been the night before.  That was a real bummer, because otherwise, the ceviche would become my go-to order at GB.  But, folks, just skip the shrimp.  It's probably imported from some sketchy shrimp farm in Thailand or Vietnam, anyway, so just as well.My partner was interested in trying the orange cake, but we were told they were all out.  So we got the Tres Leches cake, instead, and an order of the lime tart.  Both were delicious, but the cake was the better of the two, hands down.  I could eat that again every day.So, it seems that Gallo Blanco is like most places I've eaten--figure out what they do well, and stick to that.  Next time I go, it will be for Sunday brunch, so I can have another excellent five-dollar Bloody Mary and try out the Steak and Eggs or Chilaquiles.  Stay tuned.
4	I used to go here a couple of years ago in the summer for happy hour. I went out with a few of the ladies last night. Drinks are great and most are 5 bucks during happy hour. I had Mimosas, 2  carne asada tacos (mini) with chips, dip and guacamole. Excellent food. The also have free access to pool, even if you are not a guest.
3	One does not simply walk into Gallo Blanco, the cozy, authentic Mexican restaurant with some twists worth checking out.Learned this the tough way by seating ourselves at the bar...just as we prepared to order some refreshments, we were approached and asked if we had been seated by the hostess."What hostess?"She suddenly appeared at the entrance, where we were promptly unseated...and reseated to the same location in a minute. Please don't make people feel unwelcome. But you didn't come here for my take on the service, you wanna know about the food!I had just a little appetizer, the pork quesadilla. Yay, it was made with a corn tortilla. Yay, the cheese was good. And oh my goodness, the green chile they use is some of the best I've had. Ever. I crave more now. It totally makes up for the pork that was a bit bland. Just the right amount of heat...more than most Mexican places, but not enough to torment spice n00bs. I can already tell their menu has some pretty good stuff.The margarita left a bit to be desired. They're made with Sauza blanco , so I don't understand why they're so stingy with the tequila. The lime pulp at the bottom was a welcome addition, but this drink was too heavy on the sweet, and too easy on the sour. Next time, I'll try the prickly pear...or just go with the (spiked) aguas frescas--the watermelon was freaking delicious!Also, I'd never heard much about this Clarendon Hotel before now. But I've heard there's a roof up here. I don't know if it's part of the bar or not, but it sure would have been groovy, since I was chilling here during the eclipse. I'm honestly intrigued by this place, and will be back.
5	First timer & I must say what a find! When we got there the waitress was nice & even took the time to "tour" the menu with us. I ordered 2 carne asada tacos, one pork & one shrimp. They were amazing. I also had a tres leches for dessert. It was more like a shortbread style. But still good. All in all can't wait to come back!! Oh yea try the guacamole, great way to start your meal off right.
4	So, since moving to Bend OR, I've become even more of an insufferable food snob than before. Coming back to Phoenix for a couple of weeks did not exactly excite my palate, except to see Silvana and get my fix of the world's most amazing churros. But, alas, I digress...My memories, over a year old now, of Gallo Blanco are fond. On a lark, we decided to head there for dinner last Thursday and as we got closer, my mouth started watering just thinking about the luscious, fruity sangria. To start, we had the chorizo/queso fundito and the guacamole. The guac was AMAZING - so amazing, I swear they get their avocados from Mexico: the flavor was deep, full bodied and sensuous. For my entree I got three tacos: veggie, halibut and shrimp. The veggie & shrimp were excellent, but the halibut was not: a bit strong smelling with a taste that did not please. Not sure what was up with that, as it was a strong contrast in quality from the other two. My husband loved the chilaquiles and most definitely his margarita: he is usually not pleased with the first margarita that he orders anywhere except Zydeco (in Bend), but GB came through. My stepdaughter had the carne asada burrito and intended to finish it, except her dad kept making goo goo eyes at it and murmuring something about breakfast....I'm going to refrain from commenting on the sangria for now, except to say I had two...We are headed back to GB for dinner tonight, and I'm going to road test the sangria and guac to make sure I'm not just fantasizing about finding amazing, whole food in Phoenix anywhere else but Silvana's kitchen.
5	Carne Asada Beef Torta. Was fantastic  the chopped beef was flavored very nicely with the right kind of toasted bread. Not spicy, they supply condiment containers with that. Very well done. Friendly service.
3	Came here after work with friends for happy hour.  Specials were good.. but the drinks were kind of weak.  The agua fresca alcoholic drink was not consistent (and I'm not a fan), and the sangria was not the best I've had.  I did taste an horchata alcoholic drink that was tasty.The carne asada tacos were not carne asada.  Seems like they tried to make korean beef tacos and marinated it with too much soy sauce.  The octopus taco special was cooked well, but lacked a bit of seasoning and could've had more filling in the taco.  The pork was actually pretty good (first on the menu).  Also had the pork quesadillas - would recommend a try.  The guacamole was interesting (had pieces of fruit in it). All in all, I think I'd go back for the happy hour.  The specials are nice, I just have to find a good drink in there..
1	This site makes you give a star- but I would like everyone to know that I am giving ZERO stars.. DO NOT book a reservation at all with Gallo Blanco- they can not handle it....I booked a birthday party for 24 (with two months notice)... and they dropped the ball, BIG TIME!!!~Service...slow to non existent and our server was RUDE! ~Food... sparse and WAY overpriced for a sit down meal...~Bar...is it a hassle to order a drink?  It is at Gallo Blanco...we bought bottles of wine 1. Our food was over an hour and a half late (reservations at 7:30pm and food was still coming out at 9:45pm!!!....it's tacos folks.....and there was not enough food for everyone!!!2. We had NO water, (we were seated outside!!!!!)3. Impossible to get drinks or water at bar...* When reporting problems to the owner, Denise, she sent me an email offering no apologies or acknowledgement that guests were upset...  Rather, she sent me a copy of the order to the kitchen, which just proved that the kitchen and staff were wrong in regards to amount of food to be served!!!!  The most disgusting part of the whole ordeal was her closing to her email, which said:"At this point, and will all due respect, we are done."  GALLO BLANCO HAS ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!P.S. The Clarendon is not affiliated with Gallo Blanco.....is just houses the restaurant unfortunately.
5	Best Mexican food I have ever had!  We arrived early to Phoenix on way to airport and found this fantastic place in back of The Clarendon Hotel. My wife was Jonesing for Huevos Rancheros and she was more than satisfied. I had the beef burrito and it was out of this world! The fresh salsa was top notch. We had our boys and it is very family friendly as well as cool place to hang.  Service was friendly and right on the mark.  I would highly recommend this place, as I have traveled all over the world and this is best Mexican I have had.
5	What a delicious haven in phoenix. watermelon agua fresca was perfect. the chicharron de queso was delicious, its a huge grilled/fried piece of cheese. their tacos are absolutly perfect. the grilled veggies, quac, and salas. mostly local and organic, huge board on the wall saying where all their food comes from.
4	Very friendly service and nice atmosphere. They also allowed me to order the kid's bean & cheese burrito, which was only $4 and very large! It was also very good. Hopefully I will be able to return in the future to try more of the menu.
2	Used to be one of my favorite spots in the valley.  Great food and warm and efficient service.  The past 3 times, I have visited the service was a joke.  Pico Rico burger and fish tacos still get two snaps, but don't think of going back to often any longer.  I wonder what changed here?
5	Gallo Blanco has the most delicious ceviche I've ever tasted in AZ. Portion size is plentiful and the chips are quality. I love the indie music selection it really adds to the vibe of Gallo Blanco. If I'm in the area I make it a point to visit.
3	Food gets a 4-star, service gets a 2-star.  If service improves then worthy of repeat visits.  They are smart with a fairly limited food menu as this keeps quality up to snuff in my opinion.
5	The food was delicious!  There was a long wait to get a table on a Saturday night but I ordered one of the cocktails and didn't mind the wait because it was the best drink I've ever had!  I hope I can recreate it at home.  The atmosphere was very cool.  I'm looking forward to going Gallo Blanco again.
4	I have always been a fan, and finally decided to give some props! I love the Guac, Carne Asada, and Cheeseburger. Halibut tacos and Shrimp tacos are OK. Pork Carnitas/Adobada are Dynamite! Cocktails are very average....Figure it out for yourself. Come try the place, its good.
4	Very kitschy cool. Perhaps too cool for itself at times. But the food was awesome! We went for a late dinner on a recent Friday night. The place was still crowded with a 30-45 minute wait for a table. Not a problem- we got some well mixed cocktails, did some people watching, and checked out the art on the walls. We got all of the tacos on the regular menu, and then two more off the daily specials. The low point was the halibut that just didn't work for me, the high point was the special of the day- an octopus taco that was just fabulous! The waiter was mostly attentive, but he was running ragged- at one point I was pretty sure I saw him plating food in the kitchen. We will definitely be back.
4	Friends who focus on hip rave about this place and i can see the appeal.  The taco fillings are on point and the fresh tortillas(i suspect stone ground) are exceptional. The service is efficient if a bit breezy, and the price, especially on Tue, was a value given the quality. It's a keeper even if it reminds you more of Marin than Ensenada
5	I have visited Gallo Blanco probably 20 times. I cannot believe I never reviewed them. First, I love the Clarendon Hotel. Everything about it. Colors, Art, Furniture, Pool, Roof- The restaurant has provided me with a neat experience each time as well. I am such a fool for those little seafood tacos (halibut is my fav). The guacamole is the bizz.. as are their carne asada burritos.I have ordered something new each time I have been, but make sure to have my dining partner try something I have been completely satisfied with previously. I usually find myself recommending to them whatever I had last time. Gallo Blanco: i am so sorry I neglected you for so long. Please accept my 5 stars? i swear I am not just being nice..
5	I have NEVER been disappointed by the food or service here. Another local spot that supports local agriculture and makes food from scratch and it tastes like it! You may have to wait but it is well worth the wait! Great Happy Hour menu also!!  Try the Ceviche! The drinks are amazing as well!
2	Oh, I really wanted to like it.  REALLY!  I heard such great reviews and saw the special on PBS Check Please AZ and I was so excited.Unfortunately, I have to give my honest review.We went for happy hour, which isn't your typical happy hour of 50% off, no problem, we were there for the food regardless of any specials.  Started off with an Horchata which we agreed didn't have that rice flavor like fresh Horchata should, and it lacked sugar. But I did like the sprinkle of cinnamon.  Also had a lemonde which could've used a little more lemon, no problem we added some fresh squeezed lemon!  And we also ordered a strawberry shake, which was pink but tasted mostly like milk, where's the strawberry flavor?Okay, we ordered the chips and salsa-what not complimentary?  It was 2 salsas, one red and one green, nothing that stood out because they tasted mild.  They also provided 2 additional bottled salsas, one was a watery green tomatoe salsa and the other was a burned chile salsa which was good.  And we ordered the guacamole.  I thought the guac was great although I like mine spicy, but what I liked about it was the fact that it has orange pieces inside, new addition for me and it was a good portion for the price.  BIG side of chips with both orders.  We also tried the Queso Fundido with Chorizo.  The chorizo was good although I order it from the same place they do which I learned from a NewTimes story, good job on this dish it was yummy and I enjoyed every melty piece of cheese and chorizo!  1 star check.We ordered 6 carne asada tacos and 1 veggie taco.  The carne asada had this zesty flavor like it was marinated in orange juice, it was good but not your typical grill flavor.  What I really liked was the veggie taco, it has grilled veggies like squash and corn and mushrooms and it was so good, but by that time I was stuffed with all the chips that I couldn't order a few more! 2 star check.  I wish now that I could've ordered one of each taco.I agree that service does need help.  I had to ask for my cup to be refilled with water several times.  Even when they brought our tacos out they saw our used plates stacked up and there was no place to put the tacos, they didn't address it.  I had to ask them to take the dirty plates so we could make room.  They didn't offer dessert when we were done like most places do, but we still wanted to end our night at this place knowing we tried a little of everything.We ended with the brownie dessert which was this brown cake with vanilla ice cream on top.  Where is the chocolate flavor?  Ice cream was good and that's all I can say about this item.I really, really, really wanted to love this place, I came in with high expectations and so excited, but I left $50 less rich and still yearning for more.  Well, there's still plenty of other places to try.....
5	Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous, in the best possible way. I was in Phoenix to support a loved one when their father was passing away. Their father passed, it was our last night in a city, we were emotionally drained, completely unfamiliar with the city, and decided we were going to toast to the man we came to honor and have a good dinner. There was a review for the restaurant that said, as a local, he took out of towners and family there because it was the perfect representation of what Phoenix food was and how it should taste. With that, we ventured over to The Clarendon Hotel. If life ever takes me back to Phoenix I want to stay there; there being a mid-century modern, art covered reinvented boutique hotel in downtown Phoenix. I died a million deaths waiting to be seated, appreciating the perfectly stated atmosphere, not overdone or pretentious. It seemed as though one of the issues the older and more family oriented crowd had on Yelp was the ambience. My assessment was that there were a lot of late twenties - mid thirties patrons, some obvious out of towners of all ages, and two large dinner parties. The light is dimmer, the tiny bar is right next to the restaurant with a partial wall between us and the servers were dressed down and chill. I wouldn't not [gotta love those double negatives] take my children or an older couple there...it's not  Chuck E. Cheese's or Marie Calendar's...but it is also not a night club. Does that make sense? It's all good.When we were seated I immediately ordered their prickly pear margarita a la the prickly pear cactus. We're definitely in the desert, Toto. I initially disliked their menu since it was pretty much a la cart and I wanted a meal. According to Yelp and the server [who was nice] I had to try the tacos. I'm not really a taco person; tacos tend to be small and unsatisfying, but I took everyone's advice. When in Rome, right? I ordered a side of guac, jasmine rice with hooooot tomatillo salsa & four tacos: cochinita/braised pork, carne asada, halibut, and shrimp. Our server insisted we order the tres leches cake even though the orange cake sounded better [she said it wasn't all that great]. Okay...the only way I could ever describe this experience is: DANGEROUS!! Everything melted in my mouth and all the flavor danced atop my taste buds. I ended up ordering another round to eat there and another round on top of that for our friend who stayed at the hotel because the idea of her not tasting what we had tasted seemed like sin. I really cannot say enough good things about the environment and food. Don't walk, RUN ;D
5	OK, so hubby and I have been here at least 5 times and we've loved it every time. My favorite thing here? ELOTE!!! Corn on the cob. This is not your average corn. It's grilled - it's covered in Mexican cheese, probably some mayo, butter and spices. It's amazing, and totally worth the $5 it costs. I'm not kidding. I even ran home this last week and made hubby try to replicate the recipe on the grill. Oh, and the salad - Ensalada Cortada is really, really good. The tacos are fun and come out individually. Anyway, I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a unique food experience and interesting decor (apparently the men's urinal is something to talk about!).
4	The first thing I got excited about when I looked at the menu was the presence of tres leches but I'll come to that later. I went here for Sunday lunch and the atmosphere was nice and friendly. Had the shrimp tacos with a side of beans and it was tasty. My friends also tried tacos, the breakfast burrito and the tamales and they were all happy. And yes, the tres leches....pure contentment.
5	I was planning on taking the love of my life somewhere new, and had wanted to try Matt's Big Breakfast for a long time. However I decided to take her here as they don't usually have a wait.  In the past I'd tried their breakfast burrito, and while it was fantastic I've never had a burrito that was so good that I felt I needed to sit down and brag about it on the internet.  Today our server recommended I try the Chilaquiles Verdes with chicken.  It's rare that food gives a life affirming moment but the second this bite touched my tongue I knew that everything in life was perfect.  The first bite was so awe inspiring that I worried eating the entire dish would prove overwhelming.  Thankfully this wasn't the case.  With each additional mouthful of this strange dish I tasted flavors that I didn't know existed. When I looked up into my girlfriend's eyes halfway through I saw colors that I had never seen before.  When I finally finished and became aware of my surroundings again I realized just how much I loved this place. I will be coming back much more often now.
4	It's been on my mind to try this place and when a friend invited us to a birthday party at The Clarendon, it seemed like the perfect opportunity.  The restaurant itself was quite cute.  The house margaritas are outstanding and clearly NOT from a big plastic jug labeled "Margarita Mix" (I'm talking to you Canteen Modern Tequila).  The service was a little slow but it was quite crowded and we were not in hurry.  The chips and salsa were delish but as a longtime Phoenix resident, I bristle a bit at having to pay for them.  Based on the experience of previous Yelpers, I stuck to the tacos.  My carne asada taco was delicious.  My ahi taco was awesome but I should note that it seems to be a seasonal item.  Everyone at my table was pleased with their meals.  The drink menu was extensive and this seems like a great happy hour destination.  Ole!
5	Light, sophisticated mexican food. Trendy, chic atmosphere, friendly, helpful service, reasonable dinner prices. It is located in the historic Clarendon hotel. Be sure to check out the roof deck on your visit as well as the story of Don Bolles' murder displayed in the hotel's hallway. My boyfriend has frequented this restaurant for many years and he finally introduced it to me a few nights ago. He always orders tacos and we decided to split a torta in addition.The Cochinita torta was fine. He enjoyed it more than I did. The meat is well seasoned and tasty and the avacado adds a nice creamy note. I found the bread to be a bit on the dry side. The really stand out menu items are the tacos. Very simple and light. The corn tortillas are fresh made, light, and airy and hold up well to the fillings. The cochinita taco again was well seasoned but mild and is garnished with fruit. My favorite taco was the carne asada beef. Oh my goodness it's amazing!!!! charred yet tender beef in the most amazing marinade. The complex flavor is somewhat sweet and tangy, yet robust. I can't wait to eat it again! I look forward to sampling some of their cocktails next time and my friend raves about their kale salad.
2	Their food was great, but their customer service was the worst!! No matter how good the food is, if you are lacking in customer service you won't see me back again. I will never recommend this place to anyone.
5	Since I was first introduced to Gallo by my best friend, it became our regular mid-week, catch-up & get away place. The food is good but my favorite are the drinks, specially the Bloody Micheladas. It's definitely I nice 'chill' place and if you get the benefit of being out there on a nice afternoon ask for your drink to be put in a plastic cup and take up to the roof top to enjoy a beautiful Phoenix sunset.I CAN NO LONGER KEEP THIS PLACE A SECRET! It's too awesome so I've been "sharing" with family & friends. The only issue I have here is I can never decide what to get!
5	Mexican food doesn't get any better than this!  I just left and can't wait to go back.  The service is also excellent.  I wish there was a bonus star.  5 stars is not enough to describe thus restaurant.  In deserves 6-10 stars.
4	the tres leches cake is amazing. a must try!!
2	While the food is usually very good. This time I went and I am a regular that tips 20%+. My partner and I were completely ignored. We allowed 15 minutes. It will be a long time before I return.
4	A quaint little New Mexican spot joined to the lobby of the Clarendon hotel - we enjoyed this spot for dinner one night and breakfast the next!  The food is great and I especially enjoy their house-made horchata! Dinner seemed pricey for the small amount you receive, but breakfast was quite generous. I recommend their tacos, horchata and their huevos rancheros for breakfast. The only improvements I'd make were the wait times (I saw waitresses standing around a lot and it often took a while to get refills on drinks and it took forever to get our ticket - I think the waitress we had left and had someone else take over for her - we had to ask for the bill at least twice...) - the wait times seemed unreasonable and unjustified.The other improvement would for them to make a better attempt to have t-shirts in stock to sell to tourists - the hubs really wanted one and they were all out!  When we are in AZ again, we will most likely visit this spot at least once during our time there!
4	It was really good. Kinda expensive for lunch cost me $31 for two people including tip and tax.  All we drank was water.  I wish that chips and salsa were free $3.50 kinda disappointing and the sandwiches/tortas don't come with any sides.  Fun hip place I scored brownie points with the wife on this one.
4	My wife and I have been coming here for a while, this review is long over due.  If you are unfamiliar Gallo Blanco is located in the Clarendon, a nice stay-cation spot here in the Valley. Our last visit was during Devour for Waste Not so we could enjoy some Pork Belly Tacos, they did not disappoint.  We started with the Chips and Guacamole, a must have whether it's your first time or not.  We also split many tacos, the Octopus, Ahi, and  Cochinita.  Our least favorite was the Ahi, which was weird because we are huge Ahi fans. I would be safe to say that anything you order here should not disappoint.  Thank you Gallo Blanco for being a Gem in the heart of Phoenix.
3	Pro:  good food, solid happy hour Con: service is inconsistent but has been trending up of recent.We eat here often and always leave satisfied by our meal but not always by our service.  I think they're getting the message via yelp as I've noticed an "uptick" in service and hustle lately.  Any way... everything we've tried on the menu is good, esp. the cortada salad, soups and taco's.  The breakfast burrito goes well with a hangover.  Very good value at happy hour.  The roof deck is money.   I'd give GB 3.5 stars but can't so I'm rounding down until the service is steadily great.
5	If you can make it here for the happy hour -- you win. You get their AMAZING guacamole for $5 and you can snag some tacos for less than $2. I'm a veggie and I LOVE their vegetarian tacos, stuffed with seasonal vegetables: mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes, avocado. So good. During happy hour those babies are like $1.50 each..  they're small, so order 2-3.  My meat-eating friends are always satisfied. Gallo Blanco can get pretty packed after 4pm, so be prepared. Their agua frescas are SO delicious... and I've tried their version of the Moscow Mule (the Russe) and was not too impressed. I come for the tacos, not the cocktails.
4	Ate last week at the Gallo Blanco and everything was great.  Drinks, food, atmosphere y todo.  To start we had an order of ceviche and two drinks, prickly pear and sueno mojado margaritas.  The drinks were good and the ceviche was spot on.  For our meal we decided to split the five tacos on the menu, as well as the oaxaca tamale.  The halibut taco was good, carne asada taco was good, shrimp taco was good, cochinita pibil taco was very good and the veggie taco was excellent.  The oaxaca tamale we ordered was was fantastic, the maza was perfect and the filling was amazing.  They make a great tamale, there is no question about it.  I was not expecting to enjoy my meal as much as I did and left quite satisfied.
4	So, I got together with some friends on Friday for a LONG overdue catchup....there were 3 of us and the joint was jumpin at 6pm.  My buddy Debbie is a huge fan of the french fries and ordered them for starters.  Steve and I shared the fried cheese...this stuff is so good, I am still talking about it!  Later, we had tacos and pollo...I didn't taste their food but both of my tacos were really delicious.  I think shrimp is my favorite and am excited about trying it again.  The evening was enhanced by the addition of a beer/bloody mary combo.  I like this place a lot but would suggest the hostess get some training in working with impatient crowds...they were kind of a bummer, but nothing unforgiveable. (OUR waiter was fabulous!)  Can't wait to sit outside when it's cool enough!
4	Great service, fun cocktails and delicious food. The tortillas were perfect!
4	headed to Gallo Blanco today after church for lunch. Horchata -- yummy. Great beers on draft. Had ahi taco (good) and carne asada taco (to DIE for --- had another) while waiting for conchinita torta. The torta was totally outstanding with smoky, spicy meat with citrus action, interesting salsa and creamy avocado. had the crepas with bananas and cajeta for lunch. service was friendly and well-paced but the food, oh the food...we will be back soon.
4	I could easily eat here every night of the week.We finally made our way to Gallo Blanco.  It's been on  my list to try for a while, especially with us living in the Coronado.  Locally run hotel, local restaurant, local sourcing of product, what isn't there to love?NOTHING! It was the perfect dinner back in town (I had been gone for a family wedding) with my husband.  Margarita Monday made it even better (a pitcher for 20 bucks).  The acapulco crudo was phenomenal (and I'm craving it right now), the guac deliciously fresh.They serve breakfast all day and my husband thoroughly enjoyed his chilaquiles.  I had the famous street tacos: ahi tuna, cochinita, and carne asada.  All very good, the tuna being a fantastic special from the summer menu.  Yum!Hubby had the orange cake which disappeared quickly.  I didn't even get a taste.  I had the postre de chocolate, which is basically smores in a cup and, oh man, that thing was delicious.  I savored every bite of it and couldn't finish it!  There was probably one bite left, but I just couldn't.  I absolutely can't wait to go back.  It's definitely one of my favourite mexican restaurants in the valley.
5	Since the place and service are excellent, there are no words to describe the food.  Try the Seared Ahi Tuna Tacos and the Pozole, the best by far!
4	This place is very special.  The fish is very fresh and the taco's are overall the best  I've had anywhere.  Try the halibut or shrimp.  Sometimes they have special meats like pork belly or ahi tuna which are a must try.Enjoy!!
4	The food here is amazing-- the service? Not so much. You're pretty much going to get some hipster server who behaves like it's an inconvenience to serve you. But that doesn't really matter because the food is so amazing. The guacamole? I never ate it before I had Gallo's, now I can't get enough. Their carne asada burrito? I have dreams about it's deliciousness. If you're in Phoenix and haven't been, go. Like right now.
4	Started with the Elote Callejero (Grilled corn w/ Cotija and smoked Paprika), which was different than most corn I've had.  Wife got the Chilaquiles Verdes with chicken, while I had the carne asada burrito.  The carne asada beef was made really well.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.They also serve Lux coffee which is very very good.  Service was ok but left a little to be desired.If you go to the men's restroom, the urinal is in the shape of a pair of lips.
3	Visited this trendy cafe on a Thursday evening and it was 3/4 full.   I ordered an assortment of Taco's which included: Carne Asad, Halibut Taco, and their Pork taco.  Service was slow and had to wait at least 30mins for the food to arrive.  The Taco's were good, and came with the usual green and red sauces.  This restaurant is like an upscale King Taco, but the quality of the Taco's are a notch or two below the mighty King.
4	Waaaay overdue to visit this place. Stopped by on a way to a show at the Phoenix Theater, and had a short but tasty time.Sipped a margarita and devoured a bowl of their guacamole to start things off, then moved to some chicken chilaquiles. Was NOT expecting it to be that big, and sadly left a bunch of them behind. Not for lack of trying, however.All fresh ingredients and a fun atmosphere in the always entertaining Hotel Claremont. Service was also exceptional, and had a fun chat with all of the very attentive people who took care of us. Will definitely return soon.
4	My roommate and I went here for drinks before going to see a show in Phoenix. Pleased to see their happy hour menu still counted on Saturdays, we took advantage of their amazing margaritas. I suggest ordering on the rocks with salt. Gall Blanco is at the base of the Clarenton Hotel in downtown Phoenix, and is in the most perfect spot for admiring the building from a far. We choose to sit outside which wasn't the best idea because the hostes couldn't figure out how to work the fans and the misters were creating small great lakes on the edge tables, but we weren't uncomfortable.
5	Stopped by Gallo Blanco Cafe as I heard they had a great Happy Hour and I was not dissappointed.  Not sure what more I can add with over 500 reviews here but what I can say is that the Taco's are delicious.  Tried one of each of their offerings, the Cochinita with Pork in a orange garilc sauce, Carne Asada made with Grilled Ribeye, Shrimp served with slaw & Guacamole and although they did not have the Halibut option we did get the Ahi Tuna.  I am used to Ahi raw and this one was cooked, probably to perfection, but next time I will request it rare.  All this goodness and all under $2 per Taco with the exception of the Ahi which I think was priced at $2.50.  The Made to order Guacamole with chips was a deal at $5 and all draft beers were $3 for happy hour.  A special shout out to our server Rebecca, she was terrific!
5	The Ahi Tuna Torta changed my life. Over 24 hours later and I still lust over every detail of it. From the star of the well spiced and seared ahi that was plentiful, the in house soft toasted white roll, spiced mayo and cabbage it was a divine mix of flavors and texture. All for less than $12. Enhancing this were two "salsas"  One was a thick roasted pepper red salsa, it has a good spice note and viscous texture that did not run off of chips. I could drink this. There was a green cilantro tomatillo one that was good but I am not a tomatillo fan.
3	We flew into Phoenix and had to drive up to Sedona, but first: lunch. Gallo Blanco was a quick detour off of the 17 via the 10, and it's easy to find if you have a smartphone or a GPS, but it would be hard to find just with eyeballs and a compass.  We sat in the shade on the patio. Our friend said he'd just have a coke, but instead ordered two tacos - he went insane that night, and in retrospect his waffling on tacos vs. coke may have foreshadowed what was to come. I had three tacos - pork and tuna, my wife had a couple of tacos and a salad, and I had a side of guac. The waiter warned me that the side of guac didn't come with chips, but then another waiter brought out chips anyway, so it all worked out. A note about the pork tacos in Phoenix: they are fruity. There's pineapple in the al pastor, like more than I'm used to, so be aware of that if you're coming from a city where you've grown used to not-too-pineapply al pastor. Overall everything was delicious and it's worth seeking this place out if you're in Phoenix.
4	Hubby and I tried out Gallo Blanco for date night and we were legitimately impressed.  The vibe reminds me of St. Francis on Camelback - young, hip, a little loud, smallish menu, hoppin' patio. Hubby had the Picoso - muddled pineapple with jalapeno and a smooth Reposado finish. The drink was a masterpiece, but he admitted it gave him a little heartburn later (well worth it, anyway). I enjoyed the Prickly Pear Margarita complete with Sauza Blanco, which struck a perfect balance between sweet, tangy, & fruity.We started with the Queso Fundido appetizer and added seasonal veggies - a mix of caramelized zucchini, summer squash, mushrooms, onions, sweet corn, and spinach. The sweetness of the caramelized veggies complemented the salty nature inherent to Mexican food beautifully. The queso did get a touch greasy at the end, but c'est le fromage.We dove in with a variety of tacos for dinner - ordering an ahi tuna, slow braised pork, and carne asada beef taco each. I highly recommend ordering a side of beans for the table, to add to the tacos or to eat as a side - these were some of the richest, smoothest refried pinto beans I've ever come across. They didn't skimp on the taco filling, either - three tacos each was plenty for each of us. I love a place that doesn't skimp on the protein!! I also love a place that serves breakfast ALL DAY. You better believe I'll be back for that.The tacos & queso were both served with corn tortillas, and my gluten-free hubby had no issues diving right in. The service was top notch, too - our waitress was incredibly warm and chatty and made helpful suggestions with each step of the order. She also did a great job of pacing the food perfectly, despite how slammed the kitchen must have been at that point.We were both too stuffed to go for dessert, but I'd love to try the orange layer cake or crepes on a future visit. But $50 for two drinks, app, two dinners and sides - not too shabby in my book. This would be a great place to stop in for drinks & dessert, too, maybe at the bar or lounge area. I'll be back!
3	The food was beautiful and appealing. Unfortunately, I felt as though the aesthetics of the food packed more punch than the flavor. The tortillas were fantastic and so was the guacamole but everything else didn't hold up to the promise of those. I will most likely come back to see if perhaps the kitchen was just having an off night.
5	This is my favorite place for tacos and guacamole. I can keep having them. The red and green salsa/ sauce are good too but beware of the red one if you could not handle the heat and spicy.
5	Three words: Ahi. Tuna. Torta.
2	We sat outside on the patio. I had tacos - pork and carne asada. Well,  the pork tacos were uber-sweet tasting - too much pineapple or something in the sauce. The Tuna my dining companion had was "good" according to him. Overall, service was just okay. The restaurant was about 1/2 fulled for lunch, but the staff seemed completely stressed out, not cheerful, and unorganized - refilling of drinks and water glasses took forever. Food wise, it was generally good, but somewhat overpriced for the portion size and food temperature could have been hotter - "hot food HOT - chilled foods COLD" is the oldest rule in restaurants. Well, the. Guacamole is delicious, but (as was mentioned by other Yelpers) chips do not come with it - you must MAKE SURE to ask for the damn chips. Weird. Anyhow, the restaurant's dining areas are lovely, but the hotel staff (the bartender in the lobby area bar was rather cold - no smile, not friendly in the least, obviously we weren't "hip"  enough to be treated politely) and the pre-lunch cocktail we had was greatly lacking in alcohol content. We walked around the pool area after lunch and were asked if we were guest of the hotel by a security person (?). We explained no, we were restaurant guests and were just "checking out" the hotel - and were clearly given the "evil eye" - so we left. Very strange vibe overall - perhaps we were older and less "hip" then their target demographics. Oh well.
4	EXCELLENT fish tacos.  The server tryed a little hard to be funny, but I guess I cannot complain, he treated us well.
5	This is our go-to restaurant.  Trendy and SOO yummy.  Must order...elote - Mexican corn.  They have happy hour EVERY DAY!  So the prices are decent.  They also have a breakfast menu, which is actually pretty good.
5	Attention, foodies!  This may be the best find I have ever made in Phoenix!  Dinner there last night was made from fresh, locally raised produce and meats.  The restaurant is inside the Hotel Clarendon just west of Central north of downtown.  We ate tapas and it included the best guacamole outside of my kitchen, corn on the cob with a steak knife to take the corn off the cob with, beef street tacos and more.  The menu is somewhat eclectic and that's what makes it so fun to try the chef's various dishes.  The seasonings and spices are nothing short of perfection.  I can't wait to take friends there!
5	We tried this restaurant for the first time over the weekend and I'm so happy we did. My boyfriend said the carne asada tacos were the best tacos he ever had in his life and I died over everything I ate. The fresh guacamole is to die for and they also bring out complementary salsas that add to the flavor of the entire meal (which I love). We could never find an open table because the place is constantly packed. After trying their food, we definitely know why.
5	Por favor...someone pass me a napkin.  My mouth is still watering!  This place has been on my list of "must try's" for quite a while.  A friend and I were meeting for lunch elsewhere, when we remembered Central was closed off for the Veteran's Day Parade.  Ok...so I do appreciate the Veteran's for all they have done...but I have to be selfish today and thank them for the parade, because without that, I wouldn't have ended  up at Gallo Blanco!Was a little busy for lunch, so we sat ourselves at the bar and ordered the most refreshing sangria I have had in a very long time, while we waited for our table. We were greeted by a very friendly server who brought us some ice water while we finished our sangrias.  We chose to start off simple with some Chips and Salsa.  Salsas.  Not spicy yet BOASTING of flavor! Smokiness...savory...just delicious!  I love the tostadas they use here as well, nice and thick!  I could have eaten just the chips and salsa as my meal!  I couldn't decide what to order and my friend told me that this place had some pretty bangin' carne asada.  I chose to heed her advice and I'm glad I did! I ordered the carne asada torta and HOLY GUACAMOLE!!!  The most tender and flavorful carne asada I've had while I've lived in Phoenix.  The torta was more like a tort-o-my-god!  Jam packed with carne, guac and love!  I pretty much shed a few tears when I was finished.  I kind of hoped I could do a twitch of my nose and make another one appear, but that didn't happen.  I just looked like I was having a severe allergy attack or facial spasms.  :-(The ambiance is super trendy and fun.  A great mix of clientele from families, businessmen, and hotel guests (since it is in the Hotel Clarendon...super swanky!)I can't wait to go back for Happy Hour and try some tacos and chips and salsa and sangria and these WICKED looking bloody mary's I saw walking around!  Viva el Gallo Blanco! Ahuuuuaaaaa!
5	Ay, que sabroso! Dinner was so awesome, my friend and I returned the next morning for breakfast. I visited Phoenix this weekend and enjoyed an incredible happy hour (La Paloma, which is El Jimador Reposado, Grapefruit Soda, Fresh Lime and Salt and another drink which was a play on a margarita). The drinks were refreshing and tasted of quality ingredients. We chose guacamole as an appetizer. It was definitely made with fresh avocados. It was slightly bland, but my perspective is a bit skewed because my sister in law is from Mexico and makes the most bomb guac in the whole wide world. Period. So I'll say that the guac at Gallo Blanco was good, but not as good as my cunada's. We ordered a plethora of tacos, including La Cochinita (local pork marinated in slow braised Achiote, garlic and guajillo), Carne Asada, Veggies, Fish (grilled tuna) and shrimp. The next morning, I enjoyed delicious coffee fresh from the press. I had the Torta with chorizo and avocado, my friend had the omelette and the pancakes. We were advised that the pancakes are incredible. I wasn't even going to try them because I normally detest pancakes. However, I caved and wound up stopping myself at the 5th bite. I don't know what they put in there (crack?), but those are some kick butt pancakes. I forgot to mention that the decor is very modern and trendy feeling. The soundtrack was definitely hip. Great date spot or ladies' happy hour!
5	I went here for dinner with a large party on a Sunday evening.  We had a reservation so we didn't have to worry about a long wait but we did have to wait until our entire party arrived to be seated which I guess is pretty normal.  The 20 or so minutes I had to wait for my entire party to arrive was more than enough to explore the Clarendon which might be the most hipster place I've ever been.  I didn't really fit in because I am pretty preppy but I don't care.  They could have made the place a bit nicer, but I guess that wasn't the look they were going for.  It still looks like a nicer motel that has been redone half-assed. My table shared a bunch of appetizers like the guac, grilled corn, and some sort of cheese dip thing that I forget the name of.  All were excellent.  They don't give you near enough guac tho for $7.  However, it was some darn good guac.For my entree I ordered the  1/2 Pollo Asado and it was tender, juicy, and delicious.  My only complaint is that it comes on a plate that is too small so it was a pain in the ass to eat and not make a complete mess of myself and the table.  I would order it again.  I also sampled the Chilaquiles and several tacos.  Everything was delicious.I especially loved the chips and salsa.  The red one in the bottle is perfect.  Not too spicy, not too watery, full of flavor...just perfect.  The chips were fresh, thick, and not greasy.Service was fast and friendly and they prices are reasonable except for the tacos and guac.  I can't wait to return.
5	Located in a charming old 60's style hotel at 3rd Avenue and Clarendon, south of Indian School Road, it's a funky location.  And the parking is a little hard to come by.   But . . . Hands Down, they make the best guacamole in the western hemisphere!   Order lots of it because it will be inhaled.  They don't take reservations but that's okay, because the bar serves up some fabulous alcoholic concoctions.  2 of our party ordered Cadillace Margaritas and they were so good they ordered 2 more.  I had a lime vodka-based martini.  Excellent.  All 5 of us ordered all manner of soft tacos; chicken, beef, chicken, and my favorite, seared ahi.  This is not your traditional Phoenix Sonoran mexican food.  It is lighter, fresher, tastier, and hand-crafted to be the best border-style food you've ever had!  The over-the-top part of our Wednesday evening included Flameno dancing in the room across from the bar which we could easily view from the dining room.   While this was not the traditional Flamenco we have vseen in southern Spain it was an aerobic version that was high energy and lots of fun to watch!
5	This place is awesome, and the atmosphere is super cool.  Every item we had off the menu was great.
5	Updated and still great....I took a break from putting up Christmas decor.  I was in the mood for a torta so I decided to pop by.  Since my last visit, the patio has been expanded with some sun shades.  Art and the interior also have some bright updating done.   The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The guacamole is great and still a highlight for me.  I ordered the Carne Asada torta.  The food was out promptly and the music provides a great eclectic and urban feel.  Happy hour deals are great and include some food items.
5	This place has quickly become one of our "must go" places to eat in Phoenix. From the food to the decor, this place is truly awesome! Definitely recommend all of the tacos, burritos, and burgers!
5	Went there today for the first time, sooooooo good!  Had the El Flaco Torta...UNbelieveable.  We brought our dog, and they let us eat on the patio (which is a little small, but well shaded!).  They even brought her a bowl of water without us asking!  Their chorizo is greasy but tastes fantastic...best I have ever had. Their drink menu looks very good...will definitely have to go back for happy hour!!
4	Overall great place for whatever you are in the mood for. Brunch is fantastic, order a mimosa or some coffee and sit on the patio and you wont' regret it! The guacamole is amazing probably the best in town.  Pork and shrimp tacos are to die for, hubby loves the Naco Torta. Happy hour drinks are pretty good, almost everything we tried was fantastic. Service can be a little slow but they try to make up for it with positive attitudes and refills, servers are always cheery and aim to please. One of my favorite places in town.
5	I LOVE this place. And that's a big deal for this girl because mexican food has never been my favorite. The first time my boyfriend and I ate here I was pleasantly surprised and happy.The service has always been top notch! Their happy hour menu is amazing and the portions are ginormous. My man and I are light eaters so we usually order a cocktail and share a few small random food items. I ordered their white sangria and it was very flavorful as well as refreshing. My man ordered their margarita and liked it so much he snagged another one before happy hour ended. Their chips and guacamole are easily the best I've ever had. That guacamole may have changed my foodie life. Seriously. We also ordered their Verduras de Temporada (the larger portion) and loved every bite. Its plenty big and was enough for my boyfriend and I to share along with the guacamole.I'm already looking forward to our next trip.
5	I was so impressed with our meals here! Our waitress (for dinner) and waiter (for breakfast the next day) were great, and the manager who was doing quality control was sooooo nice.  He came to check and make sure we were happy and ended up carrying a great conversation about their food and other Mexican places around the valley.  So great customer service for sure.  The food made it though, oh man we had a GREAT meal, the food was prepared so well, full of flavor, just perfect.  We ordered a lot, burgers, tacos, guac, elote, pancakes, tortillas, eggs, etc.  Everything was just awesome!! We will be back as often as we are on this side of town!!
5	I was never expecting to enjoy this place so much when I stayed at the Clarendon Hotel. Every time I visited phoenix, I had to stop here for breakfast before I went out and did anything. EVERYDAY. Not kidding. Really nice servers, and the prices are decent. Not to mention, every time I have ordered, nothing tasted pre-made or not fresh. I am a big fan, and I support Gallo Blanco and tell all my friends to try it for brunch if they are in phoenix. I put the verde salsa on everything! ha ha.
5	2 words- Naco torta. You won't be disappointed. Get the guac too. The citrus is a nice touch. If you're really lucky they'll have shrimp and grits as a special. Run, don't walk if they do. Throw in a fresca and call it a day.
5	Delicious cocktails, GREAT service and some of the best guacamole I've ever had. Seriously. Order the guacamole. Came on a Saturday night and only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table (which is awesome).
4	It's hard to say much more after so many people have raved about the place before you, so let's keep it short and sweet. Good food and drink at great prices, served by really gracious staff in a comfortable, casual atmosphere. In a city where good Mexican food is found in abundance, the fare here easily stands above the rest. I'm getting a really strong craving for their tacos and elote  even as I type this review, so I presume there will be yet  another visit to Gallo Blanco real soon.
4	The first time i came here, everything was on point!! I got their delicious chips and salsa along with 2 shrimp tacos, 2 fish tacos, and 2 carve Asada tacos. All sooo good. My boyfriend thought the carne Asada tacos tasted like cat food, but I liked them! I also got their Bloody Mary and its one of the best I've had! I went back here last night for their awesome all day Tuesday happy hour with my BFF and we got the corn on the cob thing with paprika which was recommended to us by our super awesome waitress and I got 2 fish tacos and a carne Asada taco. My friend got 2 carne Asada tacos and a shrimp taco. We also got their guacamole which was delicious! and we can't forget about those Bloody Mary's! I thought the carne Asada tacos tasted better this time around while she thought the meat was over cooked and preferred her first time there better. The reason they lost a star from me is because if their inconsistency of their food. I guess I always go back to a place thinking what I get this time will taste exactly like last time. And also their drinks aren't strong at all. My friend and I are both light weights and we didn't feel a think after 2 bloody Mary's. usually after 2 drinks, were flying! Overall, I do love this place!
5	I took the fam here based off the photos other yelpers posted. Getting there was quick n easy considering its downtown, walked in to a 20 min wait, place was packed, so we had a couple drinks from the bar, bloody mary is what did me right, so good i had 2. finally sat down to eat, ordered the roasted corn, some guac with the chips, had all five of the tacos they serve, (pork one was my fav) enjoyed all of em even the veggie. my kids had a carne asada burrito each, they were nice sized burritos, mostly, a burrito is 90% tortilla n 9% of filling. yuck, not the white rooster, they hooked it up. after tasting the food. it was no wonder the place was packed on a tuesday nite, not to mention all day happy hour on tuesdays, woot!! this place is my new favorite place to chow n entertain taco-doodle doo!
5	Everything I tried here was delicious. The tacos, the torta, the chilaquiles wow. I highly recommend their tacos my favorite are the shrimp ones. Service is okay depends who you get, but they try. The restaurant has local artists' art displayes which they told me changes every quarter.
4	I've eaten here twice and have loved every bite! First I tried every street taco and they were all excellent! The fish taco is the best out of all of them. Then the next time I had the "El Campo" omelet and added chicken and that was delish. Get the spicy salsa for both the tacos and the omelet...perfect added heat for the meal. Great service and food. A definite "Must Try" place in Phoenix.
3	I'll just get this out of the way:  the only reason I am giving less than 4 stars is because of the service.  The food, on the other hand, is incredible.  Dare I say Best.Guacamole.Ever.? Oh, it's definitely up there. We came in for lunch.  It was busy, but not "every table is seated" or "there's a wait" kind of busy.  It was...lively.  We were seated immediately, however we waited for OVER 10 minutes for anyone to even come up to our table.  We finally got a server's attention, and she really was sweet and apologetic. We ordered and she promised to get our order up on the fly.  From that point on, we must have had 4 different servers.  One took our order, one brought us our order and helped us put in another order of the guac to go, one brought our bill, and one broke my change.  It just started off all janky because we were sort of this orphan table, then we had several servers.  It just made for an uneven experience.But the food! Whooooweee. I've never had guac like theirs before - chunks of orange, cojita cheese, tons of cilantro...the works.  They really nail it. My co-worker and I split the halibut tacos, cochinita tacos and chicken chilaquiles.  I would have been a bit happier to see a larger portion of fish in the taco, as all that came with it was a tiny piece.  But everything was cooked perfectly, spiced and seasoned perfectly and delicious.  The red salsa/sauce at the table had a great amount of kick.  The green was more mild but just as flavorful. Cochinita pork taco melted in your mouth, and the chilquiles with the fried egg on top (seriously, fried egg on anything is a win) were hearty but not heavy just loaded with amazing flavor. Loved them.I am definitely willing to give them a shot to redeem the poor service.  I understand people have their off days.  And while better attention could be paid, it's cretainly not as if we were being purposely ignored. I wish I would have gotten our servers name who took our order - she brought this review back from 1-2 stars.
5	Had chilaquiles verdes (chicken/sunnyside up eggs), shrimp ceviche, and chips n salsa n pico de gallo... All yum!! 3 others had their plate of cheeseburger, 1/2 pollo asodo, and fish taco  & some salmon plate- can't recall the name. All were very satisfied, I highly recommend if u like yummy food, good atmosphere, very helpful/friendly and  knowledgeable staff!!!
5	Haven't had a bad thing on the menu yet.  And surprisingly authentic!  Must try for the phoenix area.  I'm a regular.
3	The food was tasty and the happy hour very reasonable, but my father ordered a rum and coke during happy hour and I think the drink cost 8 dollars. I was surprised to see how expensive it was on the tab. The well rum was captain Morgan (not that good- 14 dollars a bottle). So Gallo charged 60% of the bottle cost for a shot of rum. Seriously?    The restaurant felt odd, but I can't put my finger on it. I probably will not return.
4	I've been hearing about this place for awhile now and finally tried it out.  The boy and I put our name on the list for the restaurant and decided to venture to the roof top bar while we waited.The pool area is lovely, as is  the lobby.  Neat elevator. Gorgeous view from the roof.  Really nice outdoor bar.  Plus they have Hendricks, so I was set.  The bartenders were super friendly, we had a nice chat and headed back down stairs.We were seated outside and pursed the menus. We shared the chochinita and fish tacos, they were very good.  The boy got the Naco Torta, he enjoyed it.  I had the chilquiles verdes with a side of rice.  The flavors were really good, I just wish there had been more of them.  Easily rectified with a healthy dousing of the provided hot sauce, not love lost here.  Our server was efficient, he kept our waters full and the food came out correctly and on time.  Maybe a little over enthused about correct pronunciation of each dish, but I can handle it.
4	I've Been Blessed.IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  Hmmmm.  The price point is close.  I've been blessed to travel outside the borders of the mighty USA, visit other nations, immerse briefly in other languages and cultures and return home to my enviably comfortable life.  I've also been blessed to travel in the nations inside our nation, experiencing the richness and languages of the Indigenous people.  But those are other stories.  A Southwest January morning, seven to nine AM in a simple concrete-floored room,  north and east glass walls, the rising sun filling the room with light. Clean lined, simple, sturdy furnishings,  local art on the walls,  local agriculture cooked and served, friendly service with a lovely countenance.   This makes heavenly moments in my book of life.If you've traveled some outside our nation's borders, at least the way I have, you'll find yourself in elemental cafes.  A cooking space, a counter, eating space.  Lots of windows, good ambient lighting.  Gallo Blanco(GB) poured me a cup full of memories.  I was looking for a place to sit, have a pastry and coffee, passing time until 9 am when my destination opened.  I ended up having a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice, and a plate of four freshly made crepes drizzled with honey and dolloped with whipped cream and apple compote.  Excellent.  Don't tell anyone, I brought my own cup of coffee into the Clarendon/GB.  I was treated to a refill.  The refill provided a thoughtful counterpoint about, "What is good coffee anyway?"   If you're in the locale, I encourage you to give the GB a try.  There are several good spots for breakfast within two miles.  Put GB in your rotation.  In the open airiness of GB, with it's echo dampening acoustic tiles in strategic ceiling spots, and nearby lobby seating of the Clarendon, a group could schedule productive breakfast meetings.   And that's most of my bit on GB.  What is good coffee?   Edra devoted several years of her life to me.  A globe-trotting ace, she mastered the art of good accommodations at reasonable prices without a travel agent just as Bell Labs learned to spell UNIX and DARPA funded a project ultimately named "Internet" that has made travel arrangements easy.    I had my first real cup of coffee in Portugal.  A decent old downtown Lisbon hotel serving petite dejeuner in a courtyard framed by box hedge and roses, lit mostly by winter sunlight.  A smooth, flavorful, nutty, medium-heavy roast non-acid cup like nothing I'd known before.  With a little cream, the perfect match for the giant flaky croissants served with butter and apricot preserves.  Maybe the memory makes it better than it was.  It was definitely the best cup of coffee I'd ever tasted served in a city with coffee houses three centuries old.  Our nation has embraced coffee sophistication.  More an orgy than an embrace, it tastes to me that the only way to be cool in the American coffee world is carbonize the beans, use way too much brew product, and deliver a cup of charcoal juice, harsh, yet dehydrating to the mouth.I had a taster's moment at GB.  I brought in a pretty good cup of custom-roast coffee with a decent array of flavors, slightly throat-parching. I got to compare it with GB's house/breakfast blend.  GB's coffee was smoother, with more flavor.  For me, this is a good place for a morning cup.  This concludes the GB moment.  And Edra, wherever you are, I hope you kept the bulimia under control.  You looked SO fine once you got that fifteen pounds back on your lithe frame and under your sagging skin.  Ummm, those sweet new curves.   So smart, so well-educated, well-traveled and hard-working.  How did the world ever create that self-image in you? Never mind.  I know how.The Clarendon hasn't forgotten Don Bolles, fighter for honesty and justice.  Neither should we.  Get up, stand up.
5	Love, LOVE this restaurant. From the fact that they use local growers and meats, healthy ingredients, and recycled materials to decorate... to the nitty gritty: the taste of the food... this is for the price, hands down the best Mexican in Phoenix.Try the Naco Torta with a margarita. Absolutely divine. The carne asada has a sweet finish that melds so well with the hot salsa, you'll be having dreams about it.  Also deserving honorable mention is the ceviche. I have tried ceviche at every well-reviewed restaurant in Phoenix, and El Gallo's consistently comes out on top. The shrimp is uber fresh and perfectly seasoned - just the right amount of fresh lime and garlic. Huge chunks of crunch and fresh avocado - outstanding. The guacamole is also fantastic. I like to squirt a drop of El Gallo's home made table salsas on each scoop for an extra bang. But it's not needed as this guac is bursting with flavor.I've had excellent service on several occasions at El Gallo - some of the wait staff are truly top shelf, have the menu and all ingredients fully committed to memory, and care enough to describe and recommend. It's like getting 5 star service for a meal that will cost you less than $30 - ridiculous! Don't waste your time with other Mexican food in the valley - this is the ONE.
5	While staying at the lovely Clarendon, my husband and I dined at Gallo Blanco everyday, several times a day. Because we stayed for almost a week, we tried almost everything on the menu.This place is amazing, reasonably priced, and a must see if you are in Phoenix. Some of our favorites on the menu: elote callejero, carne asada tacos, ceviche, guacamole, chilaquiles verdes, and the pollo asado. Nothing we tried was anything less than delicious. Months later my husband and I both keep randomly saying, "I wish we were at Gallo Blanco!" I think it is safe to say that we will be back (every single day) when we return to Phoenix.
4	This restaurant is awesome. Love the atmosphere (although a little too dim) and the menu selection. I usually come here on Tuesdays when it's happy hour all day. Their guacamole, some tacos, and other small bites are on the HH menu. I can eat a full meal (sharing the guac appetizer and 3 tacos) for about $12? it's a great deal! oh, but their desserts are nothing to write home about.
5	At a red light, in the sunshine, on a Sunday... I had the huevos rancheros accompanied by a Bloody Mary and a Kiltlifter. Everything was amazing and the prices were extremely satisfactory!! I will be back! Maybe every Sunday! :o)
4	Gallo Blanco is a wonderful little surprise; exactly where you wouldn't expect it.  In a hotel lobby!On our most recent trip, we came here after spending the morning at the Heard Museum just down the street.  As I mentioned, Gallo Blanco is located in the lobby of Clarendon Hotel.  I really do not mean it to be a smug comment, but I have never found any great food in hotel lobbies. Until now.! BTW, if you didn't have the address, or knew it was there -- you might drive past and miss it. I know we have a few times.  D'oh!The food is very good, what I like to call "upscale Mexican hip".  But don't let that stop you, because the food is as good as any Mexican food truck!  LOL  The Fish Tacos are to die for!  They come simply with iceberg lettuce, pico de gallo and guacamole.  Oh, and not a bad deal for $3.50!  We also like the made to order Guacamole for $7.00, and the Asado Salad.  It comes with grilled Chicken, Romaine lettuce, Spinach, Cabbage, Apples and cheese for $10.00.  We have tried most items on the menu, and everything is excellent.Gallo Blanco likes to advertise that their ingredients are fresh, from local suppliers and farmers. Great stuff.  Order the white sangria, it's delicious.Enjoy!
5	I just love it here.  Their carne asada street tacos are divine, as is the guac, the corn, and I have actually contemplating "borrowing" one of the salsa bottles to bring home for the leftovers (but they do actually sell the liquid gold to go).  I wanted to update my review to acknowledge that they have Happy hour here every day from 3-6, ALL day Tuesday (which may be a limited time thing) and from 3pm-6pm on Saturday and Sunday which is my favorite.  I love a weekend happy hour.  The tacos are ridiculous for $1.75, guac is $5 and so are the spiked aguas.  Need I say more?
3	Found this place for lunch through Yelp -- Thanks, Yelp!    I was a little nervous of what the restaurant was like by the loud almost club-like music being pumped into the parking lot, and it was a little loud in the restaurant itself, but I was happy when my chicken asada came on a heaping pile of very fresh local veggies, that were cooked nicely (still a bit crisp, not squishy and over done).  The chicken itself was still moist and sauce that came with the chicken was really yummy too.   I'd go back if I'm in the area again and looking for more upscale/healthy Mexican.  One of my gripes with Mexican food is that it generally isn't laden with vegetables, so I was so pleasantly surprised by the quality and quantity of the veggies that came with my dish. (baby carrots, zucchini, mushrooms, onions, and fresh sweet corn that I could tell was cut off of the cob - yay, that makes me happy!).  The salads that other diners were eating looked delish too, so if you like to eat fresh veggies, give this place a try.
5	Best tacos in town, hands down.  Cool hipster atmosphere.
4	If Phoenix had a true city life, Gallo Blanco would probably be one of the most popular spots in the valley.  Instead, it's a pretty randomly located restaurant in the lobby of a pretty randomly located hotel, in a pretty random part of town.The Saturday night wait was expectedly long, but it allows you take advantage of the beauty of the Claredon hotel.  It's a pretty hipster hotel along the lines of the W in old town, but with a lot more space and not surrounded by all the trendy restaurants and bars.  The pool is pretty cool surrounded with "waterfall windows" and lights that change color.  There is also a lounge area on the roof of the building which offers a surprisingly pleasant view of the valley.  Grab a drink from Gallo's bar, give the hostess your phone number so they'll call you when your table is ready, and enjoy.The fare is gourmet mexican street food.  That usually means smaller portions at bigger prices, but Gallo gives you your money's worth.  The chips and salsa are excellent.  You could fill yourself up on those long before your entree makes it to the table.  The chips were fresh, hot, and not greasy.  The salsa was also fresh and delicious.  If you need some heat, ask for the bottles.Service was great.  The waitress did a great job selling the food on the menu.  There was always some one coming by to refill waters, grab a finished plate, or bring us more chips.  My only major complaint is a need for a few more heaters on their patio.  We were seated outside, which didn't sound so bad when we arrived at 7:30, but after waiting a little more than a half hour to be seated, it sure got chilly in the corner where our table was.And for some added entertainment.  Hit up the men's room.  Trust me.  You'll have a quick a laugh once you see it.
5	Wow, just wow. This place was amazing. The atmosphere was incredible, and the food... YUM! I will definitely be coming here over and over again. It seemed like a very popular place and now I know why! Amazing amazing amazing.
4	Supper Yummy!  We went for a quick supper. I had the Inca salad and fish taco. Everything was well flavored and the fish was moist.  The cocktails were tasty too.
5	Everything I've had has been great.  The service sometimes is a little rough but all in all, whether large groups or my daughter and I; we always have had a great time.
5	Taco Tuesday!!  The shrimp tacos are so, so delish!  I took a friend to The Vig this past Tuesday evening and as soon as we sat down, I remembered Gallo Blanco!  I begged him to leave so we could go have shrimp tacos but we didn't have time.  NEXT TUESDAY FOR SURE!!!
3	I'll always come here when in town but it's only for the guacamole. It's ridiculously good!That said, the service is always terrible. Forgetful sometimes, but irritated and rude always. I come to Phoenix 3 or 4 times a year and always stay at the Clarendon, so I've eaten here probably 15 times since they opened. Either the servers are unhappy or they don't like me in general. Not for nothing but I know me, and I'm pretty easy to like, so I'm guessing it's something else. The cocktails are fine, prices are great, but someone get the staff some Xanax or something.
4	Amazing food.
4	We ended up here because everything else was closed on Superbowl Sunday and we were both pleasantly surprised. I've been wanting to try this place ever since I saw them on Check PleaseMy husband and I each had the salmon with grilled veggies. It was delicious!!! For dessert we split the key lime tart which was decent. We will return for the fish.
5	Shrimp Tacos!!!!  Ya, Baby!  Told you I would be here this Tuesday!!!
5	Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite places in Phoenix. Great food, drinks, atmosphere and service. Plus they have Flamenco dancers on Wednesday nights, which is so fun to watch. I haven't had anything I didn't like here, but would definitely recommend the roasted chicken, the chilequiles and the tacos. Also, start out with the citrus guacamole! For drinks, go for the salty dog or screwdriver, they used fresh squeezed juice and its so good. I don't have a single bad thing to say about Gallo Blanco, except that I wish it was closer to my house!
4	We really enjoyed our experience here. Loved the building, food, and very reasonably priced. Looking forward to going back when it's warmer to experience the roof top!
4	Fantastic, cozy feel. Reasonably priced, friendly atmosphere. Connected to a boutique hotel.
4	I went here with a friend for lunch on a Tuesday and was pleasantly surprised to find that Tuesday is all day Happy Hour. Many of the dishes are included and of course beverages. We decided to try the "cheese dip" with vegetables instead of chorizo as an appetizer. The dip came with homemade bread and chips and was very tasty. For entrees we decided to try the fish and the shrimp tacos which were both delicious. The restaurant serves their hot-sauces in bottles and both the green and red sauce are very tasty with a full and flavorful taste. The atmosphere of the restaurant is fun and somewhat mid-century modern like the hotel it is attached to.  Overall my experience was great but I would recommend some improvement in customer service when it come to the waitstaff. Not to friendly or competent ... well maybe our waiter just had a bad day :) I will definitely return to this restaurant to enjoy some more tasty food and delicious beverages!
5	I've been here multiple times, and I've never been disappointed.  The last time I went here was after a particularly disastrous outing at The Tuck Shop after they gave our table away.  I went here as my dependable backup, but that in no way should impugn the food.  The food is always great.  Favorites of mine include the pica rica burger, and their tacos.  I always finish off the meal with a key lime tart as it is absolutely heavely here.  I've converted a few people from key lime haters to lovers with its magical powers.  Add in the fact that they've got great drinks for alkys (Guerra Blanca) or tea tottlers alike, and this place is a home run.  Add in the great, romantic atmosphere at the pool or up on the roof deck, and this place is a grand slam.  To overuse my weird baseball thing, I'd double time it back here anytime.  Love you Gallo blanco, you're forever in my heart.
5	One of the better Happy Hour places around. Incredible prices on the street tacos and they're damn good too! Been there a handful of times and always return when we're in the area. Trying my best to schedule a weekend staycation at the Clarendon with the wife for sometime now. It has a gorgeous pool, and with the Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar attached it would make for a very nice getaway.
4	I will give this place a solid four stars. Great food and decent prices. You can't beat all day happy hour on Tuesdays... Plus, any place that can make a good Michelada is a sure thing for me.Their tacos are delicious (I've tried most of them, and I usually end up with the shrimp, Fish and Pibil). Even without happy hour they aren't ridiculously priced. Start off with the guacamole and elote and your tummy will be a happy camper:)One of my visits, they completely misplaced our dinner order, but the manager came out and apologized and gave us some free dessert. To be honest we were enjoying the apps and drinks that we didn't feel that bad anyway...but I do appreciate good service!
5	Mmmmmm! I love their breakfast burrito! Although I cannot finish it because of it's mammoth size I will return again and again. Don't forget to order some Gac+Chips! THE BEST!
5	Have not been here for quite a while, still very busy for lunch. The restaurant part is very nice but the hotel is kind if sketchy. Favorite items are the Naco Torta, Carna Asado Street Taco and the Guacomole with chips. Don't remember the grilled ribeye on the Naco Torta being sliced up so small, I prefer it in larger strips as before. Still one my favorite places to eat and take out of town guest for something with the unique taste of AZ. Not the normal Mexican Food, has a lot more character.
3	Fantastic guacamole. Delicious Natos. A little out of the way to get to.
5	the Naco Tort as are so yummy
4	Yum!
4	Awesome!
5	Wow. I love this place. I want to eat here every day. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, lather, rinse, repeat.A group of 12 of us went here after a show at The Torch Theatre. It was almost 10pm, and we made a reservation. We had to wait a few minutes for everyone to arrive, but we were seated pretty quickly. Even with a big group and a busy time, the service was pretty good. I expected slower service, so color me impressed!The food! Amaze-balls. Had a shrimp taco and quesadilla. If I were there for a normal meal time, I probably could have eaten more. The prices are inexpensive enough that you could order 2 or 3 tacos and still get a great deal. Their guac was also exceptional! I was really blown away, and I do not say that lightly. I really loved it! They serve breakfast all day and night too- a couple friends had pancakes and said they were really good. So see, I have to go back. Hmm... maybe right now...
4	Ate here 3 times in one week while in Phoenix on business. Need I say more? Fantastic salsas, delicious salads and perfectly cooked meats. Fun/funky atmosphere, too. Great place for afterwork early dinner and drinks. Dining on the patio is most refreshing.
4	Go here for happy hour.fundido with veggiesan elote2 fish tacos1 carne asada taco1 cochinita taco1 veggie tacotres leches cake6 drinks (pear mojitos and margaritas)$61.00I think that is a pretty good price for two people who left completely stuffed. Not to mention, all of the flavors in these dishes were spot on!!! The cochinita taco was my absolutely favorite taco. If I could go back I would definitely get the fundido again with veggies, an elote, and more cochinita tacos no questions asked. If I had room...let me rephrase...I would make room for the tres leches cake.Atmosphere was trendy and modernI did read that a lot of people had trouble with service. I was just there last week and we had great service. We were attended to right away, had water and drink refills without asking, and our server was really personable and on the ball. I have not one complaint about service.
2	Unpleasant last few experiences at GB recently specifically with the hostess.  Open bar at kitchen, yet they won't let anyone sit there.  Same situation on last 3 visits.Some situation between kitchen, servers, customers?  Walked out this time in favor of LGO. Hope this gets resolved because the food generally rocks.
4	Funky little place attached to a hotel. They start with complementary chips and guac, which were great. The guac is a little different with some citrus fruit in it - but it works. The tacos were very good, especially the carne asada. It looks like they have a great happy hour and patio as well. Service was spot-on. Would love to go back.
4	Service can be slow and the food comes out slow. The Shrimp tacos on tuesday are worth the wait. Amazing! The fish tacos are good but don't compare to the shrimp.
5	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants!I've been here several times, but haven't tried too many things as it's so hard to stray away from my faves. I absolutely love their chilaquiles, they're amazing stacked with cheese, green chile sauce, and a runny egg. Some of the best pancakes I've had are from here, they're made with sour cream and are light, fluffy, and amazingly good with real maple syrup. Their tacos are awesome too, and are a good deal on Tuesdays. Don't miss their guac either, it's made to order and stands out due to the citrus flavor.
4	Brunch on a Sunday WHADDDUP!! Breakfast burrito nailed it, and the banana, caramel crepe with whipped cream was the perfect change up from the pancake. This place is located in the front portion of the Clarendon hotel, and I give them an A for atmosphere, and a B+ for menu.
4	I wished I had meals to eat here. Unfortunately I only had time for the guacamole...and I ate the whole thing!!! I sat outdoors and that was okay just off the street. I had the advantage of also purchasing this snack at happy hour....a dollar off! Super deal, now have to get back for a meal sometime.
3	I'll just relay back what everyone else is saying.The food is absolutely kickass.The service makes me never want to come here again.Seriously, 539 reviews? You know what you guys are getting yourself into. Don't expect to be taken care of by the servers, but come hungry and get the tacos, for Crissake!!!
4	Wow. We went on Tuesday, late afternoon, and the place was still rocking. They take Taco Tuesday to a whole new level. Great wait staff, food takes a while to come out, but it is delicious and CHEAP! Wonderful combinations, all the Tacos were stunning. Some a little spicy....but I like that!Apparently they have live Flamenco dancers on Wednesdays but you better get there early if you want a table!Nice outdoor patio area too
4	One of the only places in the Valley that makes me curse after nearly every bite - that's how GOOD my food experiences have been here. Cochinita and carne asada beef tacos cannot be any better and are my favorites. Fish tacos are good, and can be a little spicy. I could drink the hot sauces they provide in the squeeze bottles. I've resisted, to maintain some decorum, licking the bowl clean of the chunky guacamole. Save room for dessert, because the Orange Cake and new Lime Tart are worth it!Service? Can be hit or miss, but always friendly.Atmosphere?? Last visit, between the deafening, thumping music, the baby at the table across the way screeching regularly at the very top of its tiny lungs - compelling about a dozen patrons to do a simultaneous quick turn of the head to see where it was coming from, combined with the crashing of dishes to the floor in the kitchen area made me feel like I was part of a Saturday Night Live skit. No matter. Those darn tacos, guacamole, and desserts will have me keep coming back for more !
5	I've had the pleasure to visit this place about three times now, and It hasn't disappointed me at all. Firstly, amazing colors through out the place, such lovely and joyful decor. Secondly, what freakingly amazing tacos!! The cochinita pibil is one of my ultimate faves, with the carne asada very close to a tie!! Thirdly, the cocktails!! Oh my! The muy buena Paloma Cocktail!!! But seriously, this place is great, I cannot emphasize enough how terrific this cafe is.I really adore and admire Gallo's style and taste in food, it's truly amazing, and closer to the actual modern food in Mexico, at least very similar to the South Central style. You won't see the overplayed cheese and beans plate here, no sir!  That's what makes me love them more, how they steer more into the actual True Mexican dishes, with a bit of a slight twist but still about the same in extraordinary flavors.
3	Good diggs - service isn't great but its alright I guess.  THE CORTADA SALAD IS MY FAVORITE SALAD in the WORLD!!!!! Try it try it try it, I feel healthy while satisfied when I'm halfway eating that salad.  It's fantastic!!  The cheese tower/chicharron de queso is....interesting.  I didnt mind it but have gone with a group of people,  who really enjoyed it and called it "una cosa bien especial".  I didn't exactly like that they don't offer complementary chips and salsa, and also the carne asada was a bit dry/overcooked.  The Torta with the fried eggs on top is sssooo flirtatious so I'll try that next time and I'm psyched!  Oh also, the Prickley Pear Marg is juice - if you're an alkie, just stick with beer, they can't really get that wrong.  Overall its ok, I guess if you like to explore different flavors - which I'm glad/proud they offer.  It's a good spot, I'd definitely recommend!  Have fun tasting all their yummy stuff and their bland stuff too!!  Enjoy!
5	Ay Caramba!!! Love this little hidden place!!! Love the sangrias, especially for happy hour. The guacamole is yum! and the tortas!! ohh the tortas!!! Highly recommended. Try them all!! The elote for appetizer is DELICIOSO too!  On Wednesday nights they have a Flamenco show and it is lovely!!! It's like taking a little break from the routine and just experience something different. Every time someone from Miami or Ecuador comes to visit me in AZ, I take them there so they can experience something nice and it won't break my budget. =)  Warning: Be careful with those sangrias, either I am very light weight or those 3 sangrias were too strong, 'cause I was out !!! =) OLE!
4	Carne asada burrito. Carne asada tacos. Tortas. And watermelon Aguas frescas.  I don't think I've ordered anything here that wasn't good.  This is a great place for high quality mexican food, that isn't too expensive.  The only downside is there is always a wait, but grab a drink at the bar and set your view to the pool where you can view a waterfall wall of wonder.
4	Very good food. Naco torta is awesome. So is the grilled chicken. The orange cake for dessert was surprisingly awesome as well. Wife didn't care for the carnitas tacos but everything else was really good. Just don't go on a friday night and expect to get out of there in a reasonable amount of time.
5	So mother freaking good! i am basing this almost entirely off the breakfasts. During the 5 days i was there, i think i tried almost everything on the breakfast menu between what i ordered and what my buddy got. Firstly, the flaco torta is freaking amazing! best breakfast menu item for sure. also the el campo omlet is amazing also, they use goat cheese in it and it really makes a difference. The prices are very fair for the quality of the food and the service is filled with smiles. the only negative thing i have to say is that the service was extremely slow sometimes (40min once from when we sat down til we got our food) whether its due to being short staffed or whatever, it happened. though they were nice about it and apologized. The burgers are great and the few things i tried from the dinner menu was very good. Definitely definitely give this place a try.
4	Love the tacos here which are at a great price especially during happy hour.Just wish the service was a little better!
4	Gallo is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  The food is fresh and delicious.  The drinks are unique and strong.  The guacamole is the best I've ever had.  You should also check out their new restaurant, Otro.
5	Excellent and kindly service. Family friendly, authentic and delicious pozole. Authentic Mexican food with a nouveau cuisine spin. The ceviche is fresh and the beans freshly cooked. Very creamy Mexican flan drizzled with real dulce de leche. Been coming here for two years; it never disappoints. Dinner/happy hour is very busy, great for socializing, but not an intimate setting. Patio seating perfect in late spring! Appetizers are $2 during happy hour. Waiters are constantly removing empty dishes and refilling water. Come hungry-hungry!
4	Oh my goodness! The food is delicious. Guacamole is creamy not spicy, but you can add their chipotle salsa or salsa verde to give the chips a bit more of a kick. We sat at the bar because it was the first available - yes, there's a wait for the bar in the dining area too.I got the chilaquiles vegetales - SO GOOD. They pack it with vegetables, and its layered with corn tortillas. In fact I hadn't seen it done this way before. Had mushrooms, carrots, and golden beets. I think they add seasonal vegetables in it as well.I got the Picoso for a drink- it's HOT. They add jalapeno to it, which gives it a kick that took me a while to distinguish from the alcohol.Everything tastes fresh and the food is fantastic!Service was good, but they were a bit understaffed it seemed. We're slow eaters though and all the service people were nice.My one complaint is the wait. We waited 25 minutes for two people on a Wednesday around 6. Plus there's no seating for people waiting but they don't really call out names because it's so loud. So you kind of have to stand near the front when your table is about ready to be called out and try not to get in anyone's way. For the first 15 minutes we waited out by the beautiful relaxing pool.On wednesday nights at 7 they have flamenco as well.
4	Had to try this place after reading the reviews. This is a very different type of Mexican restaurant. It is all very fresh, not greasy or covered in cheese.  Started with corn with mayo, cotinga and paprika. Absolutely delish. We then had three different tacos, pork, fish, shrimp. All of them were very tasty. Guacamole was fresh, little onions and orange segments. Sunds weird but it was good. BF had naco torte, which was beef on sandwich role. It was excellent. Worth a trip. Service was excellent
5	Amazing food. We loved it. Service was not good. Wait time was a lot, however, it was all worth it. I highly recommend this place. We went on a Sunday and it was busy still. So I'm not sure what a friday night is like. If you can on a friday, I would hope they have more people who are taking orders and coming to tables.
3	Food is fantastic, service can be anywhere from good to horrible. If you're leery of hipster service, this place may reinforce that opinion.
1	I won't be coming here anymore. The food doesn't make up for the incompetent/rude service. I called about a week and a half ago to make a reservation for 10 people on their patio. The girl who answered the phone took down my information but said that because she wasn't the night hostess, she would leave my information for the hostess who was coming in later and the hostess would call me back to confirm. I never got a call back so I figured my reservation wasn't made/was lost/whatever. I never tried to call in again because I got busy.Well, it ends up they HAD made the reservation for me because I got a message yesterday night regarding setting up the tables. When I called them back to explain the confusion and that I wouldn't be coming in that night bc I had never received a confirmtion, Caitlyn was very curt and said "ok awesome" and hung up on me as I was mid-sentence asking if I could make a reservation for the following week.How rude to act that way towards me when the confusion was due to your own incompetence and lack of employee-to-employee communication!  I was planning to bring in a group of 10 because I liked this place and wanted to share it with friends, but not anymore.
5	Okay, so I've been back since and I've changed my mind. The food is still amazing, and the last time I went there, I got a different server and the service was wonderful... And there's always a ton of people who aren't the servers running around and making sure your happy. I had an endlessly full water cup, which was awesome cause it was seriously hot. Phoenix, man.Anyway, I had the fish on special and it was peeeerfect. On top of some carrots that could use a little bit more cooking, but I think it had beets in it? As a russian, it's nice to see beets. I like beets. Love them. (God, I really hope it was beets!)Seriously, they got their game in order. Go Gallo (pronounced Ga-yo). White cock. Hilarious! :)
4	Okay, first of all, Tuesdays and Wednesdays are totally jam-packed and you WILL have a wait, so be patient - the food is worth it.  Tuesdays are all day happy hour - nuff said there.  Wednesday is Salsa night and that is apparently a very big deal.  I am a Tuesday night girl, myself, for the obvious reason.  I actually stayed at the Clarendon this week (the funky hotel in which this restaurant is located), so I have eaten here more this week than in all my previous weeks (over a year and a half) in Phoenix.  The food is truly fabulous and they have great drinks, too.  First the food.  Their tacos are all delicious.  My favorite for the combo of low calories and big taste is the grilled fish taco.  They are small, and inexpensive, and are on happy hour special before 6 and all day Tuesday.  The other tacos - the pork carnitas, shrimp, veggie - are all spectacular, and the salsas (served in those old timey squeeze bottles like you see mustard served in diners) are muy delicioso!  The salmon is delicious and perfectly prepared with a honey glaze.  Everything has a little kick to it but nothing is super hot.  Their breakfast is super good and non-typical, if you are looking for something special I suggest trying their huevos rancheros - but it is not like Mama's.  No red and green chile sauce, just a nice spicey tomato based salsa, and lots of it.  They make a great salad wth kale and (wait for it...) corn nuts.  I'm not even kidding, and it is reallllllly good.  My friend had the posole and while it did not look like mama made it, either, she assured me it was amazing, and it looked delicious.  The guacamole is creamy and not spicy, but there is the aforementioned yummy salsa/hot sauce on the table so you can adjust to taste.They have some decent wine selections at an affordable price - some $5 happy hour specials that were awesome.  They also have some fancy drinks with fruity stuff in them, "aguas frescas" spiked or not, and other specialty drinks, as well.The wait staff has always been friendly and professional, with the exception of a very snarky and obviously overly-impressed-with-himself bartender.  I thought after the first time I caught the rudeness that he might be having an off day, but having been at this bar 3 or 4 times now it is clear he is just a jerk.  He is rude to everyone, not just me (that might be understandable but he was rude to my sweet friends who EVERYONE likes so this time it isn't me.)  And quite put out to be asked for a drink at any hour and no matter how many or few customers he has.  He is the only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars, because it is hard to avoid him when you have to wait 30 mins for a table.  Call ahead or go a bit early and get yourself a table because the food is awesome and everyone else there seems very nice and helpful.
4	Wow, I am amazed at how such an amazing, chic, cute, and inviting place like this can be in downtown Phoenix, no offense. The Phoenix area continues to surprise me with these little gems that are full of delicious food, yummy drinks, pretty people, chic decor, and for this one, an amazing pool and deck! So, my co-organizer called in to make reservations for my East Coast Foodies group the day before for their Sunday happy hour. I walked in earlier than the rest of the group, the girl found our reservations and went to prepare our table. As she did that I walked outside to the amazing pool and people watched. As the rest of the party arrived, so did the waitress with our menus in hand waiting to direct us to our pretty table on the patio!I am impressed! Everyone was professional, funny, prompt, and informative when it came to my questions about drinks and food! Their happy hour prices were very wallet/purse friendly.The drinks were refreshing, cheap (during happy hour), and quite strong. I love love love love love this place and may make it my after church on Sunday event at least twice a month.The tacos, grilled corn covered in delish Mexican topping, cilantro rice, etc. were all delectable.I only thing that annoyed us were the flies that were trying to share our meals.Go here, do a little dance, drink several drinks, and eat their citrus shredded pork, or shrimp tacos, and think of me!Cheers
5	Every time I go to Gallo Blanco Cafe I am amazed at the flavor of there dishes. Today I had the veggie Chilaquies Verdes OMG this dish rocks.
4	Surprisingly small place.  Melds very well with the Clarendon's decor.  The torta is messy but oh sooooo good.
4	I'd call it an undiscovered gem, but it seems everyone I know has been urging me to go there for at least a year or two. So maybe I'm the only one who's out of it.Great prices on delicious food for happy hour. Some of the best ceviche I've had North of the border. Guacamole that's going to jackslap you in the head. It's that good. Margarita is pretty good, too. Order the chicarron. Just do it. It comes out looking like a cooling tower at a nuke plant.Service was swift and pleasant. About the only drawback is that it's almost as noisy as a stamping plant. You know, like where they stamp big pieces of metal and stuff. Hard surfaces all around, and the music is pretty loud as well. If you go check out the tribute to the late journalist Don Bolles in the hallway leading past the restrooms. It was on a Summer afternoon in 1976 that a bomb planted in his car in the parking lot of the Clarendon Hotel went off, morally wounding him. It's honorable that the management remembers the event, and definitely makes the Gallo Blanco a stop on the Mondo Phoenix tour.
3	I have heard such rave reviews that I was really looking forward to going.The place was loud, hot and well.. loud.It was unfortunate that I was there for a meeting. I only heard about 2/3 of the conversation at my table.The service was great and they kept my water filled (which was great considering how warm I thought it was inside the space). The food was timely. Not exactly an authentic Mexican treat, but good... except the huge hunks of citrus in the guacamole.. smaller pieces of citrus would have been much more prefered as the taste was interesting enough to eat.The cochinita torta I had was good, the meat was tasty though extremely soggy. Good thing they wrap the torta up in paper!Someone at the table had the chicharron de queso, which came out like a huge tower but I find that the price they asked for melted cheese with a hipster presentation was a bit much. It was OK, though chicharron is not a name I would give it.Someone at the table ordered ceviche, which I did not taste, but looked like run of the mill gringo ceviche to me.Will I be back? I would only suggest it if I needed to be with a bunch of people I don't want to listen to.
5	This is THE place I tell everyone to try in Phoenix.  I am obsessed.  I think 'trendy' is the best way to describe the hotel and this restaurant.  It's pretty much the first comment from any newcomer that I bring here.  Food is fantastic and the price is right.  The shrimp tacos are the best i've had in Phoenix.  The ahi tuna tacos (When they have them) are fantastic.  The pork belly tacos (also limited selection) are good.  The guacamole is great.  The elote callejero is something you must order every time you go here.  Seriously. The woman and I can get 2 apps, 2 beers and 6 tacos for less than $40.Just go.  Seriously.
5	I love Gallo Blanco. I make it a point to bring out-of-towners to brunch. The food is great, relying heavily on local farms and businesses including Lux Coffee (yum!). Great flavors, including some of the best Carne Asada I've ever had.
1	By far the rudest waitress I have ever had in my life!  Up until today I was a fan of Gallo Blanco.  I was excited to order the steak and eggs and when the obnoxiously rude waitress asked how I would like my eggs prepared I ordered them basted.  She looked me in the eye and said "NO"!   I couldn't believe how quickly and rudely she responded.  I said what??  She said "NO!"  I said why??  She said we don't have the stuff to make it that way.  So I said okay I guess I will take them over easy.  Im guessing that she didn't know what basted means.  Instead of saying Im sorry, we aren't able to make them that way she just said NO!  I asked to speak with the manager and he said it was no problem to make the eggs basted.  At that point I could care less about the eggs, I was appalled at the service.  There are too many great restaurants in that area to overlook the rude service.  I won't be back.  :(
5	Several months after walking out of Gallo Blanco I cautiously returned and was very pleased to find a totally different atmosphere.* Cheerful, attractive and helpful host?                Check!* Efficient, attentive and pleasant staff?               Check!* Great food and comfortable atmosphere?       Check!Nice work.
3	Sitting by the pool and having beverages is amazing. The tacos definitely need some work.  It is very trendy. My friend uses it as his go to first date spot.
5	Happy hour everyday! Fresh squeezed margaritas! The most delicious asada tacos around. The pollo asado is also delicious! Always get some ahi aioli sauce because it is good on everything! The guac has some sort of citrus that makes it delicious!
5	Having spent my career in restaurants and hospitality I am thrilled when I'm blown away by the food at a new place and an owner that "gets it". The owner (restaurant is separate from the hotel, which made sense when I found out I couldn't sign anything to my room) and his partner clearly know what they are doing and understand both food and service. The shrimp, grilled rib eye, marinated pork and fish tacos are the best I've tasted. The rib eye burrito and Pico Rico burger with fire roasted chiles are off the chart (yes I had three meals there), and the flan was like none I've ever tasted (and before tasting it I wasn't necessarily a big fan of flan). It's apparent that a lot of time and energy went into making the recipes for all of these dishes. The staff is young and up beat without being obnoxious or pretentious. They were all friendly but I have to give a shout out to Natasha and Rebecca made me feel so welcome that other than the food they were part of the reason I kept going back. Again, this goes back to these guys and hiring right.Thank you guys....well done!
5	Tacos are delish!!
3	Great food, had several different kinds of tacos and grilled Mexican corn.  All was delicious but it was super hot in that tiny place, very uncomfortable.
5	I can't believe I have never reviewed this place, because I go there all the time. It's the best option when you are in the mood for fresh, gourmet mexican food in a hip environment. The mexican-style corn on the cob is delicious, as are the tacos and quesadillas. I would suggest getting some horchata as well. It is nestled inside the Clarendon Hotel, a cool boutique hotel with awesome decor and lots of history (check out the wall by the bathrooms which explains the story of a carbomber who tried to bomb the hotel in the 70's). A great place for any occasion - first date, casual night out or a big group.
5	I just...can't even express how fantastic this place is. It's quite hyped up in the downtown community and for good reason. The food is excellent, fresh and predictable. The salsas are amazing - it would be money well spent just to order the chips and guacamole with a side of those red and green salsas!! There has been more than one joke cracked about hiding a bottle in my purse to take home.The atmosphere and service are fantastic - especially fun on flamenco nights. It's definitely a noisy place sometimes, and it's likely that there will be a wait to be seated on many nights. It's never been a bother, though, because the bar serves up an amazingly fresh margarita and none of the staff ever seem flustered.My favorite thing to order is the carne asada burrito. The meat is packed with flavor and it's never tough, chewy or grisly. Always super tender and delicious. Gallo is a great place to enjoy with friends, family or a loved one!
5	This place is scrumptious. I've really never strayed away from the vegetarian chilaquiles (which are pure heaven), but I've tasted all of my friends' choices and everything has been mouth watering. They've also got delicious sangria and and other drinks as well, not to mention the restaurant venue is lovely and the service is wonderful!
5	Amazing! Excellent customer service, great atmosphere, and the food was wonderful! I had the ensalada del inca : hands down the best salad I've ever eaten in my life! Add some chicken and orange slices to it, and you'll be in heaven. My boyfriend got the juevos rancheros and he said they were the best he's ever had. Definitely a recommended place to get some good Mexican food!
4	I love the menu, I love the presentation, I love the feel of the restaurant, and I love the happy hour prices.  The hotel and restaurant has a trendy, retro, modern, Crate&Barrel color look to it.  All of their tacos are fresh and delicious, especially the pork belly when it's available.  The one exception was the carne asada, which was tender and cooked well but tasted a little off, as if it was seasoned incorrectly or something.  The horchata was decent.  I was impressed by the guacamole and the housemade salsas, and that huge grilled corn is awesome too. The staff even accommodated a dairy allergy and grilled one of the corns without the cojita cheese for us. I'm telling you - everything is incredible, and during happy hour it feels like we're robbing the place clean!  Servers are great and attentive too, and they really try to take care of you.  You have to bring an out-of-towner here to eat, cause there really aren't too many places like this.  It's just a fun, beautiful spot to come and grab a bite, and everyone there is so pleasant and attentive.  Gotta try their breakfast items next time I'm there.
4	My husband's coworkers always rave about how much they love this place but we had never been here until April.  We've been here twice.  Monday is all day happy hour.  We ordered the guacamole.  It has mandarin oranges (I think) mixed in with the avocados.  It's different and it wasn't my thing but my husband enjoyed it a lot. My husband ordered 4 shrimp tacos and I had a shrimp taco and a fish taco.  (The shrimp tacos were so good that we came back for them the second time.)  They're on the small side so I could have easily eaten a third if we hadn't had the guacamole.  They were both very good.  The fish is not breaded.  The restaurant is an open space on one end of The Clarendon Hotel.  You have to walk past the front desk (if you miss the actual door just past the hotel door like we did on our way in) and through a bar area to get to the hostess stand.  I recommend getting a table outside or up against the windows.  We were seated in the middle of the room and I could hear noise from the bar and lounge area so it was pretty loud for me.  (Full disclosure - I have trouble hearing conversation if there is background noise and people speak softly so what I think is loud may not be what you think is loud - although the hostess did hear 3 when we said 2 and put three menus on the table)  The second time we were able to get a table in the corner and the noise level was much better.Our waitress was great and did not have to be asked to refill our waters and we didn't have to wait to get our bill when we were done.  And we never felt rushed either. I didn't catch her name but the name on my receipt says Mariah.  (The second time the waiter was also good.)I can see us coming here fairly often.
4	Great tacos!
4	Good food, fun service, fair prices especially on Tuesday. We liked it objectively, but its not a fave. It's too trendy for us, we're just not that hip.
5	Delicious Tacos, salsa, and wide variety of cocktails. The carne asada torta was simple, yet unbelievably good.
4	The hubby and I had a late dinner here a while back but I forgot to add my review. I love the different taco options. I had the cochinita and the shrimp tacos. Both were perfect. The margaritas were nice and strong. My hubby had the huevos rancheros and really enjoyed it. I'm getting hungry just thinking of this meal!
5	5 stars for having vegan options and supporting local! And, sometimes the wait can be long, which I like because I can relax by the pool. Awesome. Oh oh oh, I love that they don't use lard or put dairy in their guac. 5 starts, 5 stars!!!
5	I've eaten here a few times for brunch and thought it was delicious. Today, I took my team from work for our team outging----what a great experience!! We had a party of 9 and everyone was very very pleased. They don't take reservation on Fridays but I called ahead and they had our table ready when we got there. Our server was very friendly and did a great job with our orders. Our drinks were refilled as soon as they were empty. The food came out with perfect timing and tasted wonderful. There menu is not the biggest but there is someone for everyone. The guacamole is to die for. I believe most of their food is locally grown and organic. The prices are unbelievable compared to most restaurants in the area. I would definitley recommend this place for dinner,lunch, happy hour or brunch!
4	Even though I miss the ahi tacos dearly, I still love this place.  I've since discovered the ceviche, the corn on the cob, the quesadillas, the burritos, oh my!  Everything is always really fresh and VERY tasty.  The staff is super friendly every time.  I can't wait to see what will be my next yummy discovery!
1	I used to be a regular here at Gallo Blanco, although I have to say this place has gotten a little brazen! We took our sister in law for her birthday and arranged for a table of six, we also asked the hostess if the outside tables were first come first serve. She stated to us it was first come first serve. We purchased a margarita at the bar and asked for an extra shot of Tequilla in which the bartender charged me $6.00 plus the $5.00 for the Margarita then did a no sale and just collected the cash. We then proceeded to sit outside and have our cocktail, the hostess immediately came outside and told us in a very rude manner " you can't sit there" I know you have reservations , but all these tables on the outside are reserved" the hostess left , we were miffed, we asked another waitress if the tables were first come first serve and she said yes! We decided to take our dinner party to Hillstone, where people treat you with dignity, I guess Gallo Blanco  has such great crowd that they feel they don't have to have any decorum! Sad for you guys, it's not worth it anymore!
5	The egg torta is the best. Trust meeeee! Also, get extra of the green salsa. It is very refreshing, a bit tangy and only mildly spicy. The red one is ok. If you like corn on the cob, get the elote here. It's loaded with good stuff.
4	Their tacos are delicious ! This is a good place for some really good tacos for lunch and cocktails for dinner. I take away one star because this place can get very loud and the fact that they do not have many options for chicken dishes (for the wifey). On the pricier side. Their shrimp tacos and their fish tacos are delicious !
4	I absolutely love Gallo Blanco! Great spot to take friends in from out of town to show off what Phoenix has to offer. Nestled in the Clarendon Hotel (one of the oldest hotels in Phoenix) sits this little gem of a cantina. Fantastic Margs and cocktails and definite must go for happy hour. If you like street tacos they are supa cheep during happy hour but full of flavor. The pork, carne asada, shrimp, hell even the veggie is delish!I can't do a review without also mentioning, that Wednesday night is Flamenco night, and the dancers are a blast to watch and very beautiful. Ps. May fav guac in the valley as well!
5	There are only 620 reviews, so I guess this gem needs another one...I am based in S. California, but come to Phoenix for business several times per quarter. I typically dine alone, so I really do not care about atmosphere or even service. I really want good and unique food. But, Gallo Blanco gives you all three and they do so consistently. The Agua Fresca that I had (Cantaloupe) tonight was really good and went well with the 5 tacos I ordered. While I tend to stick to the tacos (they are really good), everything coming out of the kitchen looks great.Gallo Blanco is the best Latin (New) place in North America!
4	Gallo is very close to where I live, and after reading all the great reviews, I had to try it. There's plenty of parking on the street with a short walking distance. The restaurant is nicely decorated but a little cramped. The staff is friendly but I thought our server could have been a little more helpful.We had the queso with vegetables - fantastic. I really like that they give you chips and tortillas to use for dipping.The carne asada tacos are so delicious. The beef is tender, with great flavor, and the simple cilantro and lime topping is perfect. The huevos rancheros are also very good. It's a big portion size, which I happily took home as leftovers. The two sauces they give you are fresh, spicy, and delicious. I could eat the tomatillo sauce all day, every day.Happy hour is 3 - 6, and includes several menu items being marked $1 less from the listed price. Great deal!I can't wait to go back.
4	Really solid.  I got the fruit / jicama salad with lime and chile, which was excellent; 2 tacos (shrimp and carne assada) which was also really good; and a small bowl of pozole, which was... you guessed it... super yum.  Fresh, local, everything made there.  Good service, and the Margarita was good too.
1	I have eaten at GB many times over the past 5 years.  The food and service is actually very good.  I was given a gift certificate to eat there from my niece.  I have been there several times over the past two years.  I remembered that I had this certificate and called them to inquire about it.  They informed me that they had a 1 year limitation on the certificate and would not honor it after that.  I know that I should have used it prior to that.  But I don't carry it with me like cash.  It was only 40 dollars, but they should have honored it (in my opinion).  Shame on you GB.  I have been a loyal customer and have sent many of my friends to eat there.  Let me also say that it does not say anywhere on the certificate, that it expires in a year.  I won't be back.  Your won't miss me, because you are always busy.  But you must know that this response in regards to a mere 40 dollar gift cert. is petty.
5	Fanatic funky place. It's dive-ish but great. The food is wonderful, drinks are tasty. Located in a building with a hotel sorta off the track. Highly recommended.
5	Quite excellent food and drinks. I went for happy hour and got two tacos for only $6 total, and boy they were good! Their drinks are also quite good, the other members of my party got fantastic white sangria and I purchased their prickly pear margarita which is one of the best I've ever had. This is a definite go to for awesome happy hour food and drinks. My new Favorite.
3	I have been to Gallo Blanco several times and I really enjoy their food. Unfortunately, I have grown not to enjoy their atmosphere!  The place has grown in popularity over the years, deservedly so, but at the cost of long waits and a loud crowd.Leave this place to the younger crowd or go in at some off time
5	Whenever there's a special occasion worth celebrating, we always default to this place. Why? That's because it feels like we're splurging even though we're really not. (Okay, okay, maybe "payday" isn't that special, but you get the idea.) All their specials are always delicious, there's nothing bad that we've ever had, and just the layering of flavors and the presentation is mouth-watering. We always get whatever fish taco they're having for that day, and maybe a torta, and always our staple elote corn and the guacamole. Price-wise, it's just right, and for what you get, it's quite the smoking deal. Love this place, and one of our go-to favorites.
5	Everyone loves this place - here's another yay Gallo Blanco review. For Gluten-Free eaters, this place passes. Veggie tacos - guacamole - freshly sauteed local vegetablesDelicious. Plus you will feel cool sitting there. Lot's of great artwork on the walls. The sweet man of mine and I loved it all
4	Fun, trendy, crowded, but perfectly relaxed about our arriving road-weary and windblown with a surly 12yo for dinner. Food was good and creative and service was great.
4	Gallo Blanco is among my faves in dt Phoenix. It's inside The Clarendon Hotel and great for a date or a night out with friends. The drinks are delicious (try the prickly pear margarita!!) and the food is just as good. The fish and carne asada street tacos are to die for, as are burritos. The atmosphere is trendy but casual, making for a fun night out. There are a few seats outdoors if you're lucky enough to snag one. Overall, try Gallo Blanco if you're in the mood for a trendy twist on Mexican cuisine.
4	The pork torta is a must as is most of the menu. The drinks are a little pricey but besides that I would recommend this place to anyone.
3	Let's start from the beginning shall we. Once upon a time in a wiped out section of Phoenix you find a quaint's little restaurant attached to a hotel under construction. Actually, my GF had eaten at this place recently so her recommendations brought us here, & Yelp maps of course. My first impression of this place leaves me a little less enthusiastic to recommend it to friends. They are going with the open ceiling commercial restaurant look but there is so much going on that it makes it look like it's under construction. Piping and conduit everywhere.... We find ourselves standing in front of the greeter and she looks at us with a dumb look on her face like she's not sure why we are there. After I finished joking about picking out a nice set of drapes for the living room, I asked for a table for two. She puts us at a table that's in a really bad location so I kindly asked to be moved. There was a table that sat 4-6 so she decided to ask us to wait to clear a table that was smaller for us. So we sat in the waiting area and reviewed the menu while she sat down and enjoy her lunch at the bar. When she was done we tracked her down and asked her to please provide us with a table so she finally found the courage to remove the leftover food from the table she wanted to put us out. Mind you, at this point there were other tables available, but we just went with the flow. Saving grace was the waiter and the food my GF had been raving about. The waiter was prompt and very friendly. We appetized the guacamole, chorizo and chips with salsa. The passionfruit iced tea & Agua Fresca for the day was thirst quenching. The main dish - here's where I will rave about adding a potential "if it was your last meal scenario" to my portfolio of Last meal on earth choices. We had the Naco Torta. A delicious masterpiece if I must say. Avocado, Carne Asada, fried egg with lettuce packed in a exquisitely tasting bun. I really don't like bread so when I say these buns were delicious that's like little cherubs from Heaven coming down singing hallelujah. Hahaha! I will eat from this place again but I will be highly considering pre-ordering and eating my meal elsewhere.
5	Yes, it's as good as everyone says. Both the shrimp and fish tacos were fresh and flavorful. They put a nice spin on the guacamole too. I'm going back next week and can hardly wait.
4	When I average out all the aspects of Gallo Blanco, I reach a four star rating.  The food and happy hour are the two reasons we keep coming back.  The service is not a reason to return, but we put up with it to eat those yummy little tacos.  This place is just off the lobby of the Clarendon Hotel, which is hipster central.   No one wears a nametag or any identifiable mark of actually working there so it's hard to flag someone down if you need something.  A few servers act like you are inconveniencing them for being there.  We put up with all that because the happy hour prices are great and the pork tacos and carne asada burrito are to die for!  We also love the green and red salsa (you can find the same stuff at Crescent Ballroom).  The white sangria and margaritas are just right on a warm day.
5	Gallo Blanco doesn't need another glorious review, but it certainly deserves another. The atmosphere of this place is just really cool, and the menu is full of delicious-sounding choices. I settled on the corn and a couple of tacos, with pork and shrimp. Overall, the food was delicious and presented in a great way. This was my best meal on my visit to Phoenix - very impressed!
3	Someone recently recommended Gallo Blanco to me, so I was excited when friends invited me there for happy hour on Labor Day. The food and drinks were good, but the service was absolutely terrible. We had to wait over 20 minutes, and ask for a server twice, before we finally gave up and ordered drinks at the bar. After drinks, guacamole, and some tacos, we got our check and split it up on a couple cards. After 10 minutes, our cards and check came back with our server telling us we still owed $33 dollars. We looked at "our" check and saw she had confused us with another table. Unapologetically, she took our cards again, voided them and reran them. It took another 10 minutes, maybe not a big deal, but I had a friend to get to the airport and was annoyed by the whole situation. I couldn't decide if I should give them 2 stars or 3, because the food was okay, but I won't return anytime soon.
3	This place has some tasty food (Veggie Tacos are spot on) but the last 3 times I have gone I have found the service is lacking.  It has not been terrible by any means, but it takes much too long for your order to be taken, drink refills, check, etc.   Each time I've been waited on by someone new and on different days of the week when it hasn't been terribly busy.  Superb grub, subpar service.
5	Not going to spend a lot of time here - the rating speaks for itself. This place has THE BEST carne asada ever. So flavorful!  I would recommend getting the burrito without the beans though - I don't think they work well together!
3	I was eating some delicious food, namely the Naco Torta with over easy eggs, when I started hearing loud banging and screaming coming from the waiting area. Apparently they have a band that performs at 7PM on Wednesday evenings, and apparently that band does not do sound checks before their wailing.  Hey they may be great, but the screeching and banging overshadowed even my food.
4	One of our favorite places for fresh-Mex and Southwest.  Good value, easy parking, good service. It can be a noisy dining room at times, so the patio is a good bet, weather permitting. The naco torta is a mess to eat but heavenly.  The menu has enough variety to please everyone in our dining party.  Never disappoints.
5	Guacamole is awesome, other food is great!  Drinks are fun and delicious.  Great atmosphere!  LOVE this place!
4	This will be my Mexican restaurant for out-of-towners.  The ambience is hip and cool (has a Brooklyn/Williamsburg feel to the place).  It's not your typical authetic Mexican Restaurant.  For a frame of reference - I really love street Mexican food - Cabeza, Lengua, Chicharone, Carne Asada, Carnitas, Al Pastor Tacos - Not the restaurant for these types of tacos (La Salsita, Ta Carbon is where I'd go)For dinner, my fiance and I got way too much food...Prickly Pear Margarita - on the sour side - not bad thoughGuacamole (made from scratch) - really really good, but I can make it at homeOaxacan Tamale (wrapped with banana leave) - very good flavorPork Taco - not badBeef (Carne Asada) Taco - very good flavor, goes great with the salsaFish Taco - very good as well, flaky meat this is not too dry and yet flavorfulBeef Torta - probably my least favorite dish...don't get me wrong, the meat is very good and tasty and the bread is good - just not my cup of teaPosole - nice broth that comes to life after you add all the garnish and the chili sauce (I think it's Guajillo chili but I am not 100% sure)Not a very expensive bill even though we got all this food - we had a lot of leftovers.  If you are looking for a Mexican restaurant that is unique, hip, cool to out-of-towner...look no further than Gallo Blanco.
5	So this is why I never liked tex-mex and Mexican food. Becasue I have never been here!! Seriously, f*ckig amazing tacos. The tortillas are obviously handmade and fresh. The ingredients are soo fresh and well flavored. We got eight different tacos and the bill was only 26 dollars or so. You need to go and redefine what you think tacos are.
4	We had an excellent lunch here. Our server Mariah was very helpful and informative, and everyone enjoyed their food: chillaquilles, fish sandwich, burrito, chicken quesadilla- all excellent!
5	Delicious!  This place is great...everything is so fresh and tasty.  Salads are excellent and you can't beat the tacos.  Great drinks and food!  Love it!
4	This past weekend, I was fortunate enough to partake in what my Husband now refers to as "the best food he has eaten at in forever," at Gallo Blanco.  Thanks to a recommendation from a friend, the Hubs and I ventured to Gallo for dinner Saturday night.  We called ahead and once we found the place, it was only a short wait to be seated at our table.  While we waited we started with some beers at the bar.  We enjoyed the overall vibe in the bar and restaurant.  It has a very open/trendy feel.  It is kind of noisy, but we really didn't mind... it actually added to the ambiance.Ok, now for the main event... the food.  We started with guacamole and the street corn (per my friend's recommendation).  Now, we were starving, but this guac and street corn were unbelievable... particularly the corn.  Now, I make this style of corn at home, and I think it's pretty good, but this blew mine out of the water... it was so good!  The guac and chips were also awesome, but we LOVED the red salsa that was on the table.  It was perfectly spicy and very savory.  Love.  For our entrees we shared three tacos... the pork, pork belly special, and shrimp.  The Hubs loved the shrimp the best, I was found of the shredded pork.  All were very good.  We also had the carne asada torta.  The bun was fab and the carne asada was great... would have loved the guac on this instead of just avocado and maybe some cheese, but that is just my personal opinion.  Originally we were going to have dessert, but we were far to stuffed to partake.Needless to say we will be back.  I'd rate Gallo five stars, but I need a return visit to confirm this first experience.  My Husband has been talking nonstop about this place since we went.  I am confident that we will be frequent visitors now that we have found this gem!  Yay for good Mexican (which is surprisingly hard to find in this town).
5	Dang! This place is good.We stayed at the adjoining hotel for a couple of nights recently. The long line of locals queuing up to use this restaurant gave us our first clue that this was something special.Breakfast of Saturday and Sunday is served up to 1pm and we took advantage to try their breakfast. Recommended by the waitress we tried the Chilaquiles Verdes with Chicken and had the Elote Callejero as an appetizer. Both were fantastic. Washed down with a great Bloody Mary, this place set us up well for the whole day.Wonderful
5	Gallo Blanco IS a wonderful place. I tend to be quite skeptical when it comes to 'Mexican' food, but is was such a surprise to learn that 'Mexican' food can be delicious after all. I guess they're so good because everything's freshly made and the ingredients used are first class. Highly highly recommended. We visited 3 times last week and everybody was happy. Great salad selection, great tacos, wonderful burritos, really everything we tried, and we tried a lot was a pleasure.After so much praise can there be any negatives, ok, it can get quite noisy inside. This seems to be kind of a trend that designers of restaurants don't think about acoustics anymore. So, if you'd like to actually talk in normal levels with your friends, go out to the patio! That's the end of the negatives ;)It's a hip and happening, one could almost say it's a happy place. Definitely coming back!
5	Never had a bad experience. The guacamole is so good and a little different of the typical boring guacamole sold in the many Mexican restaurant in town. My favorite is the Naco torta. I usually go there for lunch and the service is pretty fast. Definitely a must!
5	We went there for the first time Wednesday 9-25-13. It was incredible. My hubby who is 63yrs young said it was the BEST burger he has ever had in his life, and he has eaten quite a few...... I had the breakfast that is served all day and it was perfect. Chips and salsa were our starters with home made to order salsa that will knock your socks off. We will be back for sure and bring friends. YEH!!!!
4	Trendy Mexican! I'm down! I met a colleague here for lunch upon her recommendation. I was confused where the entrance was. But once I made it inside I was greeted warmly. Hostess seemed a little frazzled and made me wait to be seated while she took a phone call, which kind of annoyed me but I shrugged it off.Anyway, we sat outside, luckily in the shade. Service was fantastic! Our server was very conscientious that we were having a business lunch and tried not to interrupt as much as possible, while still being totally attentive. It was great.Food was phenomenal! I ordered a shrimp and fish taco. My colleague had the huevos rancheros. Both were excellent! My tacos were definitely on the small side and for $3.50, kinda pricey for the size. That being said, the shrimp and fish were cooked perfectly, everything was so fresh and tasty. Very pleasing. I am definitely looking forward to taking advantage of their all day happy hour on Tuesdays!
5	Excellent food! I love everything about this place, the salsas are so tasty, the micheladas, elotes callejeros, all their tacos, carne asada torta, the chilaquiles,steak & eggs etc!
5	Had never heard of this place before, and probably would never had had an opportunity to try it if I hadn't been meeting with someone in the office building across the street.  He suggested it for lunch, and I'm really glad he did.  I had the Asado salad, which I can't say enough good things about.  The guacamole is some of the best in town, and this is Phoenix, where they know how to make it.  I will definitely remember this place the next time I'm around that area during lunch.  Can't wait to try something new.
4	I've already been to this place twice, and I enjoy the atmosphere. I was seated very quickly. Service was good; though I did not know the chips and salsa and fries were addon items.I ordered the Pollo Asado, and was fairly large portion. Cooked to perfection, nothing tasted dry at all. Also the aioli salsa was great.4/5 WCB
4	This place has amazing food and neat ambiance.  I would highly recommend the guacamole and the tacos (probably the best value on the menu, especially if you don't have a huge appetite).  The only thing I didn't like is that the fact that the chips and salsa are not complimentary (which is uncommon in Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area) is not explicitly stated.  I would definitely return here int he future.
5	The best, seriously I think my family and I went there many Sundays in a row. The Guacamole is the best, the Tacos, Everything! I have never been disappointed. I like the choice for the Micheladas, with just plain lime juice or bloody. The drinks are great my cousin had a mimosa and it was fresh squeezed orange juice.
5	Loved it! loved it! loved it!  No, I really loved it.Took my lovely little girls there for lunch in the big city and based on Yelp recommendations, decided to check ths place out.  So happy I did.Started with chips and salsa.Perfect.Had carne asada burrito.Perfect - especially with the stuff in the squeezy bottles!Kids had burrito and quesadilla.Perfect.And, FREE!!!!  Can I tell you how much I love free food?  Right there on the menu, typed in so they can't change it, and no asterisks, it says that kids under 10 eat free. Everyday.  And it was all day happy hour, so my little family of $3 dined out for $10. Shut the front door.Needless to say, I will be back. Many times.
5	This Place is amazinggggggg. I used to come here every Wednesday night for Flamenco Wednesdays with Flamenco Por Vida.The restaurant is divided into two parts and I have sat and enjoyed both sides. However I prefer being as close to the stage as possible.Their steak tacos are to die for. Although they are small the marinade is just delicious, the meat is always tender, juicy and full of flavor, no cheese, sourcream, salsa, or lime is necessary.Their Steak Torta is also amazing the bread/bollilos is always perfectly toasted with butter and fresh. Their burritos are decent, but are nothing compared to their steak tacos and tortas.Also I can't believe I am saying this, but their salad Zamorano is amazing as well. I would have never thought of making a salad with corn nuts, lime, grilled Zamorano cheese, but it somehow it works, beautifully.
5	Wednesday nights are a must go ! The dancers are amazing !! This place is so awesome can't wait to go back ! Yummy yummy food too ! :) excellent servers !!
5	Great atmosphere, street tacos, guacamole and drinks. Perfect for happy hour or a dinner with big group of friends.
4	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Clarendon for a little staycation and managed to have both dinner and breakfast here.Dinner:We were there during happy hour. We both got cocktails and tacos. The "El Julio" was delicious, like a little alcoholic key lime pie in a glass. The carne asada tacos were good, but nowhere near as good as the grilled shrimp tacos. We split a lime tart which was both way bigger than I expected and very tasty.Breakfast:They serve Lux coffee which is always good. I got the Chilaquiles and it was simply a mountain of crunchy tortilla, perfectly frilled chicken, cheese and the perfect amount of heat from the green sauce.Overall I would call this place a little Gem and a good place to take some visitors for a bit of Arizona chic.
2	Overrated!! Carne asada is weak, they forgot to put their so called charred tomato salsa on our carne asada tacos?..Shrimp tacos are good, only one shrimp under all the toppings..Loud environment in the dining room and very uncomfortable chairs. The servers seemed nervous and one did crash a plate of food onto a table of people sitting a few feet away from us..Too much hype from locals who have not experienced real authentic eats in larger cities across the US and outside..
4	I wish Gallo Blanco was in Tucson, the food here is wonderful. The service is another story. First they asked if we wanted chips and salsa and I said of course. Later once I received the bill I realized I was charged for these. I hate paying for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant and they should have made it clear that they were not complimentary. For my main I ordered the pollo asado chicken and it was amazing.The chicken was cooked to perfection and the citrus marinade and aioli made this dish something truly special. I would come back time and time again for this dish.
5	Going in, my initial impression was, hmmm nice and artsy, bet the food will be tiny portions and the price very ridiculous. Was.I.Wrong.True Gallo Blanco (literally, "white rooster" I guess?) Looked upscale, hip, with walls decorated with artwork, modernistic furniture and lighting to set the overall mood and atmosphere. But after having gone to many cheesy hole in the wall "authentic' barrio-type Mexican restaurants which by the way I do love, the Mexican fare at this place was near perfect. Posole-definitely my favorite. The tacos I ordered were cochinita (pork), fish, and the de rigueur carne asada-good as well. We enjoyed people watching too. This was right next to the Clarendon Hotel where we happened to be staying at. My teenage daughter did notice the GLB crowd for both the hotel and the restaurant but we were so cool with that. The best thing and the biggest surprise was--- the perfectly reasonable prices for the food! The large bowl of posole was something like 8.00. One cochinita taco was somewhere around 2.60(?), for example.They also have a good alcoholic beverage list, as well as nonalcoholic ones such as free as, Mexican hot chocolate, sodas, etc. All in all a great place to go on a date, a business meeting, or just need to unwind and enjoy the artsy ambiance.
5	Last night was my first time there.  I had heard a few good things about it so I decided to go.  We sat on the patio which was great and it only got better from there!  Through some conversation with our server, Dre, I found out that not only was she a big time foodie like myself, however she was VEEY passionate about this establishment....... So, I closed my menu and asked her to choose for me as everything on the menu looked great.  Well, no surprise, I was not disappointed.  I had the chicken and my friend had tacos... UNBELIEVABLE and did I mention the guacamole and roasted corn???.... OFF THE HOOK!  ... Not to mention great character... A FABULOUS evening!
4	Great tacos but salsa and chips are not free. Need to pay for chips and salsa. That's the downfall about this place. I recommend guacamole dip with chips.
4	3.5 stars. My biggest gripe about Gallo Blanco is the service. It's been incredibly slow and inattentive each time I've eaten here. I just end up grabbing more plates/utensils/napkins from the service bar myself because we're rarely checked on. We also wait forever after being seated for orders to be taken, long enough to be irritated and flag down bussers (who are awesome) to find our servers. HOWEVER, I like the atmosphere of this place. It's cozy, casual, and fun. There's a neat patio on the roof that should be utilized more...they can pack your food in plastic trays to bring up. The food items are hit or miss. These are not the best tacos in the world. I find most of the meats too dry. Shrimp is the way to go but you'll ask yourself, "Where's all the shrimp?" when it arrives. Gauc is pretty good and they have some interesting mixed drinks to try.
5	Wednesday nights are a must go ! I absolutely love this place ! It's super cool inside , modern nice ! The food is very yummy I loved it and the dancers complete the night ! Dim lighting is perfect, not too dark :)
5	As GM of a hugely successful restaurant,  it is with great appreciation I applaud Dre and her teammates.  My daughter is very ill with limited eating options.  Dre made us feel the menu was written for her, not adapted.  The team was attentive and food exquisite.  Our new fave place..... thank you!
4	Inca salad with shrimp, a side of guacamole and some nice local white wine made for a perfect light dinner after a long flight to Phoenix. The waitress reminded me of Amy Poehler, so I could overlook a few oddities. For example, I noticed something floating in my wine. She identified it as a piece of foil wrapper from the wine bottle. .... Long Pause .... Then she offered to replace the wine. The pause was so long and I felt like I am in a SNL sketch. So I said "no no it's okay" and I fished the piece out with my fork. Later I ordered a second glass and it looked like a generous pour.
4	I like this place and really want to go back sometime but no one seems to want to go to sit down restaurants anymore. What's happening to this world?So I tried 2 tacos and the guac and chips when I was there last. A bit pricey when you're hungry for more but don't have the cash. Atmosphere is awesome. Sat in front of the bar so you get food right out of the kitchen. Very delish!
5	I enjoy coming to Gallo Blanco for lunch.. The food here is excellent. I am Mexican and I don't consider this traditional per se.. It definitely has traditional Mexican picks but the way it's prepared and put together is a more modern take on some of my favorites. The guac is amazing! They add citrus bits which gives it an extra zingy taste, tacos are tiny but delish; I would eat them as an appetizer and not a meal. The pozole needs work, it is quite bland and could use some love. Service is always great, drinks are always full, and I never have to wait any more than 15 minutes for a table now that they have extended the seating area.
5	I give this place 5 stars because their shrimp and fish tacos are just awesome!! They are two must tries if you come. The corn on cob was good as an appetizer, except that I would rather it covered by less cheese. This place is a cool place to hangout for a brunch, would definitely recommend it.
5	Great food, excellent service. Had the carne asada burrito. Have not had carne asada like that before and I have to say it was fantastic. The guacamole was amazing.
5	I seriously think this might be the best deal in town. Happy hour mix n match tacos are unreal, and margaritas on the rocks with the guacamole is amazing. Considering what you get for this price, we went back multiple times. Staff was great, recommendations were spot on, and cleanliness was good. Had to wait a few minutes to be seated, but only because we were wanting to sit out on the patio. We will go here every time we hit Phoenix. Thank you!
4	Chilaquiles lived up to their reputation - it was a very involved dish but it had great layers of texture along with flavor. It also comes topped with a fried egg, and I'm of the opinion that everything is better with a fried egg on top. Little disappointing were the squid tacos. Yes, they were tender and moist and cooked notably well - but really lacking in flavor. The ambience is friendly and chill. They played some reggae and have a "street" theme going with art on the walls that borrow elements of graffiti, metal table tops, etc. The service was great - attentive, friendly, and fast. Only suggestion would be to get an espresso machine in there to provide some more caffeine options in addition to drip coffee (which was still pretty yummy as far as drip coffee goes - slightly darker roast, lots of flavor, not watered down).  That would definitely make this place a staple on my weekends.
5	I started off the with chips and guacamole and the guacamole is absolutely delicious. It has orange slices and topped off with cotija cheese - yum! The chips were a little too crispy for my taste but still not terrible. It is made to order so I was able to get it without the onions. Mike was my server and was absolutely wonderful. Made great recommendations and made sure I was happy. Had the grilled shrimp taco and the carne asada taco. The slaw on the shrimp taco was perfect and was topped off with some of that wonderful guac. The carne asada was cooked perfectly and was very delicious. Definitely has a great vibe and I cannot wait to visit again!
5	Best carne asada burrito in town. Plus the red hot sauce/salsa is amazing and addicting. If you eat here, be sure to order the fresh guacamole. When you are finished eating you can grab a drink from the bar and hang out by the pool or chill out on the roof deck above the hotel.
5	I'm a big fan if this place! The restaurant, the outdoorpatio and the bar is 5star all the way. I usually have1 breakfast and 1 lunch or dinner per week. The menu is pretty straight forward and I think I've had everything on it with praises for it all. I also recommend spending the nite at the adjoiningClarendon Hotel especially when you get a $49GrouponBtuc49
5	Best Tacos in town!! They have great variety menus with all day breakfast! Chilaquiles Verdes must try as well!
5	I'm not even sure why I'm writing a review since the amazingness of this place is not in question buuuut...Holy crap.Bloody Mary's are outstanding.Guacamole is so tasty.The fish torta is maybe the best sandwich in the valley. Fresh, amazing flavors.. Even the bread is vibrant and yummy. Who's hungry??
5	Love the food and the coffee here.  Everything always tastes terrific no matter what I order.  Most of the staff is awesome and provide great service an help each other out with a smile on their face. They have a great patio for outside dinning also.
5	Gallo Blanco is a great addition to The Clarendon Hotel.  Locals and out of towners alike can enjoy both the hotel and the restaurant.  (and if you let the hotel know you're a local they will give you a 10% discount - my favorite staycation spot!) Gallo Blanco is the perfect place to go with your family or friends for breakfast on the patio on a beautiful day. It's also a fun date night with your special someone and great for girls night out at the same time.  Very versatile. The decor is entertaining (the ladies lips shaped men's urinal I've heard about? hilarious!)  Let's talk about the food, shall we?  The Naco Torte is my favorite sandwich anywhere in the entire Valley!   If you want healthy options, you can try the oatmeal for breakfast or the shrimp tacos for dinner.  mmmm (I just salivated a little writing this...)  There's a key lime tart not on the menu that is ah-maz-ing!  On to the drinks now. Grab a drink and go hang by the pool or in the rooftop. For the non-alcoholic drinks, you must try the agua frescas. So fresh and delightful.  This is also the place to go for a little day or evening drinking because their cocktails are very tasty -  go for "El Ruso" or "El Julio" - my favorites!  (we even recreated them at home, but definitely not quite as good).  Happy hour is 3 - 6 and the prices are great.   Can't beat this delicious food, great ambiance and cool place!
5	Was working in the neighborhood and seen all the good reviews and had to check it out. Was well worth it. Had the pork burrito and it was fenominal. The guacamole was made when you order and was great. I will be back.
5	Took the light rail six stops and a 1/2 mile walk from downtown Phoenix. My first yelp well deserved by Gallo Blanco. Guac with oranges lotsa cilantro and perfectly salted is so yummy.Great recommendation for the spicy muddled tequila  drinkThanks to my rockin waiter for Recommending the chicken and veggie chilaquiles was the best I've ever had evaaaa!And perfect services.
5	I heard rave reviews from some locals about this place. I generally try to stay away from hotel restaurants but this place is admittedly different. The food, the culture, the ambiance - it's all great. I had a chicken burrito which has a spicy aioli sauce. The burrito was great, the service was excellent.
5	Folks I normally go out with finally agreed to try this out after a few prior suggestions.  None of us were disappointed either by the food, service or ambiance.  I had the fish tacos and I recall that someone else had the salmon and our plates were cleaned.  Will definitely return and perhaps enjoy the patio.
5	I think Gallo Blanco has one of the best happy hours in the valley. Affordable drinks, yummy fish tacos (and some vegetarian options) I've only been a handful of times but so far so good!
4	I love this place. Not only is it urban cute with a rocking rooftop patio, but the food is wonderful and reasonably priced. I recently asked about the salmon, since I only eat wild caught and the chef actually came out and talked to us. I thought that was really great. Good food, good service!
4	Located in the Clarendon Hotel, Gallo Blanco is a urban, upscale, fresh eatery that I am pleased to have the opportunity to try. The menu consists of fresh local ingredients, in simple, but unique dishes that have their own personality. I was impressed with the service, as my water was never empty or any need ignored. I ordered a breakfast sampler and for my wheat toast I asked for some jam. The server brought out a yummy orange marmalade that was no doubt homemade. I could compare this style of food to Matt's Big Breakfast in downtown Phoenix, which also has a really great reputation. Must try Gallo Blanco!
4	Just went here for another afternoon drink. It's a part of The Clarendon Hotel. I've been here a few times in the past, and the atmosphere is always very similar--low key but welcoming. Gallo has a unique flare about them, that ranges from their staff, to their food, to their drinks. They have a prickly pear margarita that'll give you a taste of a valley favorite for $8. Today I had a Bloody Mary ($5 on happy hour). Instead of the typical horseradish, they use habanero to season and spice it-- but not too much to freak your taste buds out. Garnished with jicama and the usual olive, lemon, lime, celery. I enjoy the mini tacos they have during happy hour, though they can sometimes be a tad spicy. While I've had better food and drink before, I do thoroughly enjoy coming to this place as it's laid back and got a unique style to it. There is enough ambience and flavor to keep me coming back.
5	The food at Gallo Blanco was outstanding.  We have eaten there for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  All the meals have been great.  I know learned of all day happy hour on Tuesday and I am hooked.  This is a great place to eat,  my favorite by far is the salmon.
1	Carne asada tacos were nasty. I had to spit out chunks of fat numerous times.  Also, waitress was awful.   Overcharged our table, rolled eyes at our table, and manager acted like he cared, but seemed in on the crappy waitresses bs.  My friends and I will not return to this restaurant again due to overcharging us for crappy food and drinks, as well as the way they treated us.
5	Stopped in here one night right before Christmas.  Short and sweet:Margaritas - very good (and huge by the way)Tacos - awesomeGuacamole - excellentService - 5 starsLove this place!  If you haven't gone here you are missing out on a great little place here in Phoenix.
4	Me and "the Julio" down by the schoolyard.
4	I love guacamole and The guac here is suuuuper good, highly recommended. The menu is also very Gluten Free friendly. They serve their tacos on delicious corn tortillas. It's common for corn tortillas to be dry but these were very soft.    The staff is also very nice. Very knowledgeable, receptive and attentive to questions and allergy concerns.    Craft beer?? Yessir. Quite the nice little selection of local craft beer.
5	I absolutely loved this place! Went here on a date and it was perfect. It was classy and the food is amazing. I believe the food they get is locally grown here in AZ. We got the guacamole which was fresh and the street tacos which was also very tasty. This is a great spot to eat downtown before having some fun.
3	Go here for food only.  Drinks are way over-priced for what they are. For example, they want you to pay $7 for a half pint glass of very weak Margaritas.  $7 should have you feeling pretty decent after 1 and these were as if I didn't have anything.  I have a little breathalyzer for fun and I blew after one and it did not register.  As for food, definitely a great place and good flavor.  They are, however, inconsistent on portion size and ingredients. For example, one time I ordered the carne Asada burrito and half of it was beans.  The next time, no beans and lots of carne asada.  In summary, Gallo Blanco is kinda like a box of chocolates with their food, you never know what you're gonna get.  As for drinks, go elsewhere.  Even happy hour makes me sad.
5	Absolutely the best Burritos ever. Loved the atmosphere and the service. Must visit in Phoenix.
5	Amazing salads and tortas. They have a modern take on traditional Mexican food and everything tastes fresh and well executed. I had such a hard time deciding because everything looked so good!Do what we did - pay $10 to use the Clarendon Hotel (they're attached) then head here for an early dinner. There won't be a wait and you'll be all pooled out and hungry.
1	One of the worst things to do is to not greet a table after they've been seated. Being a waitress myself at a few restaurants in the past, I know that once a table is sat you are suppose to greet them within 30 seconds of them being seated and no longer than one minute. That said, I went to gallo blanco with my husband and we we're seated right when we got there. The place didn't seem busy at all and there were a lot of employees walking around. We were sitting in the middle of the restaurant for about 10 minutes with just our menus. No water was brought to our table, we were never officially greeted by anyone, and we were ignored by all. Needless to say we simply got up and left because we were hungry and wanted to actually eat. I'm sure that they didn't even notice. It's a shame really because we've ordered take out before and their food was great but service was terrible.
5	Having a teen with special dietary restrictions greatly limits dining options.  These folks are always accommodating, always pleasant about it.  And, it all tastes amazing!
5	There are not words to describe the deliciousness of this place! Everything was so fresh, starting with some of the best sangria I've ever had! Our waitress was so amazing. We had never been in before, and even though it was super packed (New Years eve) she walked us through the entire menu and had great tips for everything on the menu! We ordered so much food, just because everything sounded so great, and it all was. I can't wait for the weather to warm up a little more so we can do happy hour on the patio! Even though it's a little far from home, it's always worth the drive! Love love love this place!
4	came here for brunch and their guacamole and chips are so amazing and delicious! and their tomatillo sauce is crazy addicting! I had their verde chilequilles with chicken and it was very tasty! $5 dollar bloody mary and was made well. I'd definitely come back :)
5	Outstanding food and service. I had chorizo and egg and a side taco, girlfriend had chicken enchiladas. All above par. Sauces and dips all have the fresh veggie flavors. Well done.
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants I've ever been to. The chillaquiles were to die for. Get chicken and veggies on it.
4	Outstanding.  We waited a few minutes to get in and sampled a couple house speciality drinks that were very good. The patio area is quaint and comfortable. Food: we had the roasted corn, very tasty; guacamole, had bits of fruit that complemented the avocado;  the special was salmon that was very good. Overall very good food and service. We are on the patio.
3	This restaurant is getting a 3 from me because it has 5-star qualities and 1-star qualities.The good: Food is fantastic. The street tacos are very good and quite authentic. The Chiliquiles were delicious and cooked just right. The restaurant has a good ambiance, although a bit loud, and their patio is great to sit at.The bad: SERVICE!!! (they have none). Apparently, my group was not hipster enough, so our waiter paid us no attention. It took 3 requests and over 10 minutes to get some straws for our drinks. Coincidentally, our neighboring table was having a similar issue, as they had waited so long for their beers (which were sitting on the bar, already having been poured) that they arrived warm.If you go here, just make sure you aren't on a timetable.
5	Best rooftop in midtown! Best speciality drinks! Best apps! Best full menu! Can't go wrong here. Loved to come to their Wednesday night flamenco night (not sure if they're still doing this).
5	Awesome place. Great tacos, in 2 visits I have tried like half the menu. Never wait more than 15 minutes so far. Hostess always seem rude though, but servers are very friendly and that counts more. Like everyone says, guac and carne asada are amazing.
1	I saw this huge jar of olives and by gosh I wanted a handful!!! Little did I know... The bartender stuck his dirty hand right in the jar and grabbed a handful of olives out!!! Please wash your hands in and on my olives before you serve them to me... I would appreciate the germs and filth from you handling money all day on my olives to go please!!!! What bar-tending school did these people go to??? Why don't you also squeeze my lemon with ur filthy hand into my drink while you are at it??? Will you charge me extra for that service too please??? This place sux and btw my enchiladas were horrible!!! Has anyone ever  even been to Mexico??? If you are going to serve mexican food please at least make one trip down south so you know how it is supposed to be made!!!!! Any idiot can look up a recipe for a dish and mess it up cause you have no idea how it is supposed to taste!!! This restaurant was just as bad as the motel it was attached to!!!!
5	So that meal was unbelievable! This place has it all put together: fantastic food, healthy options and great service!I ordered the half chicken w/ grilled veggies and it was great! The craft beer that was paired with it was good and matched the dish perfectly. It was a fantastic meal.The service is really what stood out-equally as well as the food-which was awesome. They let me know when my food was going to take longer, why the wait was what it was. It was really helpful to have open communication.All in all this place was fantastic!
5	Those meals that are so good that you want to close your eyes with every bite. Heaven! Beautiful food. Beautiful setting. Perfect to be outside and soak it all in!The pork tacos and quinoa salad were perfect. Jessa is the best! Trust her suggestions and you will have a great meal. I told her this was my favorite culinary experience! Thanks again if you are reading this :)
5	My first reaction was OMG sooo yummy! Second reaction.... My new FAVoRITE Mexican place. Had the guac and ceviche to start.... AMAZING! Very tasty and lots of flavor. I could not eat fast enough. Had the shrimp, fish, and carne asada tacos, I'm stuffed. Soooooo good. Definitely worth it
4	This place has some really, really great food. Here are the high points: 1. The guacamole was phenomenal. 2. The Agua fresca was amazing. 3. The lime tart was great. 4. AMAZING QUINOA SALAD. Low points: 1. I didn't like my milkshake- chocolate fudge with vanilla ice cream. 2. I didn't like the tortillas on my tacos. 3. The inside of the restaurant was extremely loud, so I suggest you grab a table outside.
5	Love all of the tacos, and I've tried them all. Great atmosphere. We lucked out and ended up here for happy hour without realizing it, which made trying all of the tacos easier.  :-)Happy hour on weekends too. Awesome.
5	So good! Carne Asada tacos are my favorite here. I love their all of their salsas and it's hard to chose which is my favorite. The ceviche is wonderful! I don't usually like shrimp, let alone ceviche, but I really enjoyed this. Defiantly one of my favorite spots.
4	The food here was delicious, especially the guacamole, chilaquiles (veggies) and shrimp tacos. The service is a little slow but it wouldn't deter me from coming back again. I also had the prickly pear margarita which was light and refreshing, get two.
5	Love this place! Never had anything bad. Tacos, breakfast, tortas all excellent. Great ambiance. Connected to the Clarendon it made for a really fun stay-cation in the summertime with a sweet pool right by bar!
5	I've been here twice, both times at breakfast. The coffee is delicious, the food is delicious, and it was an accommodating place to bring my 5 month old. I ordered the vegetable chilaquiles each time I've come here and I also had an order of pancakes. It was all amazing. The service was great, although be warned that this place isn't a regular restaurant it's a ~cool~ restaurant. All in all great place for breakfast. I'd love to come at dinner & try their cocktails.
3	I'm probably in the minority here, but I think this place is just okay. We've gone several times because my boyfriend is a huge fan- maybe I'm just ordering the wrong things. I'm willing to give Gallo Blanco more chances!
4	Appearance wise...its an OK place set in a very neat historic downtown hotel. I was there my first time on a really crappy first date. Luckily the food, specifically the carne asada, was amazing. I have been back a couple of times since and although one of the trips was unbearably loud due to their music....i still say the carne is spot on.
2	The reviews for this place are good. Not sure if we went on a bad night or what. I liked the margarita... But they are very pulpy. Not everyone likes chewing their drink. I had the carne asada burrito. I think it would normally be good, but the meat was too charbroiled and left a burnt taste in my mouth. The chicken enchiladas were very good I was told.
4	This place was a nice surprise! Really fresh and modern. The food is a great new take on Mexican flavors. Every single thing I ordered was delicious and I couldn't change a thing.Everyone was so friendly and inviting. Loved the ambiance. Even though I ordered to go and they had a whole room filled with customers, they still took the time to make recommendations and even offer me water as I waited. Really nice!
1	We live in North Phoenix near Desert Ridge and decided to try something new for Sunday breakfast. HIGHLY disappointed with this choice. We waited about 10 min for a table and asked for some coffee while we were waiting. The coffee station was a mess and out of creamer. When I asked for more they just handed me an open carafe and asked for it back when I was done. Once we were seated we waited 30 minutes until finally we asked a busser to send over a waiter. When the food arrived my omelette was cold and lacking flavor and salt. I wouldn't come back or recommend to anyone.
1	Considering that this place is supposed to be a high class Mexican restaurant I was pretty disappointed. Not many places have chilaquiles on their menu. This place has it but it's nowhere near any authentic chilaquiles I've had. The food is very fancy, but it lacked in flavor and authenticity. The guacamole was not completely disappointing but I wouldn't come back to have it again. The agua fresca is definitely also better at Ranch Market. My niece ordered quesadillas from the kids menu and she got two small corn tortillas with cheese in it and was still hungry afterwards.
4	Busy for a Sunday evening out so that was a good sign. Hip vibe but not pretentious or "too cool" vibe. Note, you can order to go and take your meal to the rooftop of the hotel to which it's attached. We had a friendly server but did get lost in the shuffle towards the end of our meal. However, it got slammed when we were wrapping up our meal and do not begrudge the servers for that. The food was excellent. The guac was chunky with a more citrus flavor. Tacos were a great spin on street tacos. I had a fish, a shrimp and a carne asada. The carne was crisp and then chewy. The shrimp had just enough kick. The fish was tilapia that night and that was citrisuy and had a bit of avocado for a refreshing flavor. The elote as an app was deliciously bad for you as it should be. Our party of three shared the elote as we just wanted a taste, but this is easily edible for one hungry person. Our friend had the chicken burrito which was ginormous. If we had room, I would've stayed to try dessert. Good for parties up to 8 people.
3	The outside patio makes this a cool spot, but in Phoenix... this is AVERAGE Mexican food. Tried 3 different kinds of their street tacos (cochinita, carne asada and shrimp) -wasn't impressed with them or the bland salsa. I will give them credit for great happy hour prices and canned tecate though!
5	Cool place, cool atmosphere, really good tacos, and the prices are very reasonable. The live music component was really neat. Unique dinning experience.
4	Came on a Wednesday night and was told it was a 30 minute wait for inside but we could be seated immediately outside. My party was fine with the patio...but the tables are so freaking close together! I literally was bumping heads with the person sitting behind me. Anyways, the food was awesome. I had the Bloody Maria and shrimp&grits. Guacamole was great too! Just knocked one star off for bad seating and our server really wasn't that great. She was super awkward and never even checked to see how the food was or anything.
4	Busy on weekend mornings but love love love their bloody Mary's!!!!! It has become a tradition w my girlfriends. I am not a fan of bloody Mary's normally but these are amazing.   The food is awesome and the atmosphere is upbeat and quarkie.
5	They have a great environment. Some very great mixed drinks & the most amazing burrito I have found in Arizona. The waiters are all very pelite & upbeat personality,
4	Came for breakfast. Have to say, the bloody Mary's are very flavorful! Citrus with a good amount of flavor spice, and not too thick/filling; served with jicama, olive, celery, lemon, and lime. Probably one of our favorite bloody Mary's. We had a 10am reservation, and we were seated around 10:15. The restaurant was quite busy. We placed our order around 10:30. Food came around 11. The meals were well prepared. The chilaquiles were my favorite! Very savory with chicken, vegetables, and an egg over easy on top. Torta bread was fluffy and delicious. Tortillas were great. All the produce was very fresh. Presentation for some of our meals (burritos, chorizo breakfast) was a little lacking,  but that doesn't take away from the flavor. In the end, everyone in our 7 person party was happy!
4	Great tacos and the house salad was awesome
4	Ensalada cortada- nice mix of kale and greens with corn nuts. The small was quite small. The shrimp and verduras de temporada tacos are quite good; nice seasonings and mix of flavors although not the best I've ever had. I got the picoso cocktail by accident and that was delicious; I should have stuck with it instead of my original order of the pisco sour cocktail. While it was strong the pisco itself is only mediocre-tasting. I have had MUCH better @Raymi in NYC.  There is also a new draft white wine on the menu called Tazi (I think). It is terrible, utterly terrible. Even our waitress spit it out in the bushes after tasting it! Otherwise great service and very cool interior decor and nice outdoor seating space.
2	No reflection on the kitchen at all, good food every time I've been here so far.But! Service, is seriously lacking from a few foh members. From the hostess tonight who  wasn't very helpful, to bartenders who took 11minutes to pour 3beers when they're not busy at all, to sitting amidst an un bussed table full of empty glasses and elbow sticking booze residue for over an hour! Are you kidding me.Some foh staff seem more concerned with how trendy their outfits are than looking out for their clientele.Seriously Gallo, get your foh as good as the kitchen and 2 star reviews won't happen.
4	Gallo Blanco is a fun, hip place.  We had a great time and cannot wait to return.We ordered the guacamole (yum, different, but still yum) and the grilled corn as appetizers.  Although the corn is served with a knife so you can politely enjoy it without corn and cheese all over your face... we chose to just go for it and we greatly enjoyed it (even with corn and cheese on our faces).  For dinner we had the Noca Torta and a variety of tacos - fish (grilled tilapia), carne asada, and cochinita pibil.  The torta was stellar - seriously, don't change it one bit and YES get the eggs over easy.  The tacos were delicious, the fish and carne asada were better than the cochinita pibil (surprisingly, because chochinita pibil is (no joke) one of my favorite foods).  For dessert we had crepes with bananas and caramel - it was ok, but I wished I'd selected something else.The service team was great although, it seemed, they were under staffed.  This was mostly noticeable when we would order another round of drinks.  20-30 minutes later they'd finally make it to our table.  Our waiter continually apologized saying the bar was slammed (yes, I could see how the bar could be slammed with a full restaurant and what appeared to be only one bartender). Hopefully this was just an off night, maybe they had a call in... or maybe its standard.  I guess I'll find out next time we go!
3	Oh God. The first few months that I started coming here, I was obsessed. Their guacamole? Untouchable. But then I had one really weird experience and every time I returned it just kept getting worse and worse. Seriously. From getting ignored by my waiter, to being avoided afterwards, to only getting checked on once, to having luke warm, soggy tacos. After one horrible awkward experience to another, my bad experiences were to be expected. I would recommend going to their OTHER sister restaurant, Cresent Ballroom. Their bean and cheese burrito with the green salsa and chips are "to die for."
5	Shrimp and grits! To die for!best mexican ive had
4	I went to Gallo Blanco last night with a group of 8, and, overall, I was very happy!  The food was fantastic.  I had the guacamole, smoked elote, a carne asada taco, a shrimp taco, and the tres leches cake.  I loved everything, but especially the elote and the tres leches.  The tres leches was topped with ice cream and strawberry sauce, and it was some of the best I've ever had!  I tasted a friend's shrimp and grits, and that was quite good as well.  I'm from the southeast, so I'm picky about shrimp and grits, and I was pleasantly surprised that it was as good as it was!  I also had a glass of sangria, which was alright, but it was pretty sweet, and there was more fruit in the glass than drink.  That was disappointing.  The service also was not fantastic.  I understand serving a larger group can be difficult, but there were 20 or more minute time spans where we never saw our server.  We were sitting in the lounge area, and the server basically told us that she kind of forgets about that area...not exactly what we wanted to hear.  She was nice and got our orders correct, but I would have preferred a little more attention, especially since we were a larger group.  My only other complaint was that it was rather warm in the area where we were seating, and there's nothing more uncomfortable to me than trying to eat while you're sweating.  Having said that, I really enjoyed the meal, and I will definitely go back.  With everything I ate, my check was under $25 for happy hour!
4	Came here for lunch on a Friday and enjoyed it very much.  Nice atmosphere, lovely outdoor seating, friendly staff.  We shared fish tacos and the carne asada burrito and the food was really good; very well seasoned.
2	Recommended by our hotel .. Gonna egg the concierge' car. You know you've been misled when the best part of an "authentic Mexican  meal" is the a arugula salad. Bad food, bad margaritas, charming but clueless servers.  Skip it.
4	I've been a fan for many years but the last few times I have to say, the service is lackluster, to say the least. The food is great and a good value- so I suppose one can't complain. However, it makes you wonder how much better the dining experience would be with a well managed staff. Maybe just avoid the place on the weekends....
5	Can't do a PHX trip without stopping here.  The hardest part is trying to decide what to get.  Always delicious, never disappointing!
5	Gallo is one of my favorite Taquerias in Phoenix. This and Taco Guild give each other a run for the money. I love everything about gallo, the atmosphere, the service, and the food. Have a bite to eat and a delicious drink and head up to the rooftop bar on a Weekend!
5	I am obsessed with this place. I'm not sure if it's the amazing food, the cool vibe or the history of the Don Bolles incident....or a combination of all three.  I love the guacamole and street tacos.  The Micheladas are bomb too!  I love GB ! My only complaint is the last couple times I've been the wait was over 45 minutes - I've been going to GB for years and never had to wait!
4	Love this place. More "southwest" food than Mexican.Slow service, but worth the wait.Order the classic margarita and the guac. And make reservations if you want to go on a weekend evening, otherwise you might wait an hour and a half for a table.
2	I've been to Gallo Blanco several times.  At first, we loved coming because the food was good and they had a superb happy hour.  For us, the trip to Gallo Blanco is a 30+ minute trip, so we have somewhat high expectations.  I'm not sure if the chef or owner or something changed, but we headed here last month and had the worst experience.  The front house staff was rude to us.  The bartender was the same.  Our waitress was OK, but very inattentive.  These things I can ignore, but the food was awful.  My boyfriend's torta was reportedly good, but all of the tacos that our group ordered were cold and the fish was tough.  Further, they forgot part of our order and never took it off of our bill.  Very disappointing.  We will not be back!
4	The food here is fantastic, the atmosphere is great, and the servers are very friendly.  This is our "go to" place for out of town guest to experience wonderful Mexican food.  Why then do I not give 5 stars, well, its quite simple, their take-out system is pretty mediocre.  My view, either be better at take-out, or don't do it.  We do take out from there often (as we love the food), but beware they are almost always later than expected, often lose your ticket, or the food will be cold.  I think they would be better served by nixing take-out, although I would be devastated since I get it often.  My solution has become, I order take-out, then go and wait immediately, to avoid cold food or delayed expectations.  I will say every time our food has been truly subpar, they have made it right, and that the customer service of this place is far and away the best in the valley.
5	Holy moly! Yummy Tacos and half price on Tuesdays! Goo eat here, so delicious.
5	There are places that you talk about to visitors as a must taste and there are places that you will miss when you move. Gallo Blanco is both of those things to me. I've been there near the beginning and I've seen them adapt from feedback and change over time, all while maintaining a consistent Mexico City style to their food with excellent quality.I have yet to brining a single guest here that doesn't speak highly of it when they leave.Drinks: Picoso if you like spice, tangy and spicy "margarita".Food: Guacamole for starters and the Elote, for variety go a 1/2 Torta and a few tacos. Ahi comes and goes from the menu, but if there is a Ahi Taco go for it you wont be disappointed.
5	I waffled between 4 and 5 stars, but the 5 won! Here we go:I made a reservation for a large party about a week before the date for our meal. When my best friend got to Gallo Blanco, the hostess said my reservation was nowhere to be found. On a Saturday. With a reservation for 9 people. YIKES. To put it lightly, I was pretty upset. The restaurant was packed and I was HUNGRY. I specifically had made the reservation so far in advance, had spoken with the person on the phone for quite a few minutes, where she got my name, phone number, we repeated the dates back to each other, etc. Needless to say, I was bothered. This wasn't the first time this had happened to me recently (but it was at another restaurant) and it just kind of bummed me out.We ended up waiting 25 minutes for our table, which was frustrating. But luckily, one of the staff came over a few times to let me know that they were working on it and wanted to make sure my birthday dinner went as fabulously as possible, which I definitely appreciated. When we finally got seated, our server, Henry, was outstanding! He immediately got right in the game and got my appetizer orders (queso with veggies and guacamole, YUM) and came back for drink orders a minute or so later. He had great knowledge of the menu and our food came out quick, hot, and DELICIOUS. I tried one of my fiance's veggie tacos and it was soo yummy. I had the Ensalada Cortada and loved it. The AZ Margarita was so delicious I had to have two! One of my girlfriends ordered the elote which was the best I've had, and everyone else loved their shrimp tacos, tostadas, and carne asada tacos. But what really set them above the rest and made me want to write this review was that, as an apology for the lost reservation, they gave us some complimentary desserts. We ended up getting the orange cake, the lime tart (not on the menu, but recommended to us by our server), and the flan. Holy moly. All of the desserts were beyond delicious. I wished I hadn't eaten so much beforehand because I wanted to devour the leftover desserts!What could have been a bad situation ended up being wonderful. Gallo Blanco really took care of us and I will DEFINITELY be back!
3	I heard such high regard for this place that I was thrilled to attend a birthday dinner last night. The atmosphere is lively and entertaining with Spanish dancers and musicians. This is why I'm giving 3 stars.  Our margaritas were sub par and obviously cheap tequila because of my headache this morning!  Ceviche was good but the chips served were hard and tasteless. My enchiladas had a tasty verde sauce but they were barely warm. Rice was tasteless too. I think this place is more about urban chic hype than good food. If you go stick to tap beer for happy hour and get dinner somewhere else!
2	So here's another place where I had a night and day difference between my first  two visits. My sister and I came here in August for my birthday. It was taco Tuesday so we were able to chow down on some tasty discounted tacos (veg for me, chicken and fish for her). We also had some great cocktails including a delicous spiked melon agua fresca. The only disappointing item on that visit was the the elote which definitely didn't live up to its reputation.I came here again last Saturday with my husband and neighbors after a play. I was happy we happened to be there just in time for the end of happy hour. This time, I had to try their much-lauded chilaquiles. I was initially disappointed with my first few bites. The veggies didn't really go with the dish, and the sauce was way too tame. Then my disappointment turned to disgust as I realized I was eating chicken! I think the kitchen realized at the last minute they put chicken in my vegetarian dish and tried to get most of it out, but there were some chunks left behind. At the same time, I was drinking a horrible spiked watermelon agua fresca that I also had to send back. At least the blood orange margarita was good.I am giving GB two stars because my husband loved his tacos, more so than our neighborhood joint, Joyride. I don't think I will return, however.
1	We stayed at the Clarendon so it made sense for us to want to try Gallo Blanco. It had rave reviews from both Yelp and the hotel staff. Our reservation wasn't for a couple of hours, so we decided to order a couple appetizers and drinks from the bar to bring near the pool area. The woman behind the bar was pretty stand off-ish, but she was downright pleasant compared to the waiter who took our order for the app's. Not only did he get the order wrong, and accuse me of giving him an incorrect order, he was just straight up rude. I do know his name, but won't print it, as I'm hoping he was just having an off day. The staff that we did deal with made us feel like we were totally inconveniencing them. Needless to say, we cancelled our reservation at the 11th hour.
3	My first experience to gallo was with a meetup group. The food was good and location was cute..the waitress we had seemed to be out of it or just not used to having more than a couple tables.  Although we were a group of 8.  She seemed calm but yet it wasn't busy except outside. Our table numerous times was being sought out by the group as she didn't cater to well to us.   At the end, I needed to leave early so I asked if she could split the check.  She said sure and came back with it.  It was $24.   I gave my cc and then she came back with my card charged to a tune of 138.    .....after a 10 days of realizing that my authorization of 138 wasnt dropping off. I called to talk to the manager and to have them call me back in regards to a cc charge.  4 more calls over the next 11 days and I finally get a call...why did they wait this long...once I got a hold of the manager she was nice but very much not so on top of returning the call.   I took off one star for the waitress and one star for the management neglecting my concern for so long.  The employees on the phone when I called seemed really nice and sincere..I believe they made the effort to get my number relayed. ...will I go back...probably not because I have plenty of other choices out there.
5	So good try the breakfast burrito it's so good
1	Went in for weekday lunch... Servers sitting around bullshitting, hostess seemed mad that we showed up and interrupted their fun... Despite an abundance of tables and unoccupied workers, we were told there was a half hour wait time. Won't bother giving them a second chance.
4	Outstanding food.  So popular the wait can annoy, but if your timing is right, a 5 star place!
5	Shrimp tacos!!  all day every day any day they are just Bomb ! the carne asada ain't bad either margaritas are coo def get chips w/ the guacamole ! Delicious !!
3	I really liked the food and atmosphere but I couldn't shake the feeling that this place might not be the cleanliest. The first coffee cup I was given had lipstick marks all over it. It happens. No biggie. But then I watch the server grab a new cup and when I get it, it also has lipstick marks all over it. Hoping it was just a fluke.
3	Atmosphere: Fun, hip, relaxed.Food: Great.  Best menu items are the tacos, verde enchiladas, and carne asada burrito. Biggest complaint: Their to-go order process.  When you arrive for pickup, the hostess says she needs to go "find your waiter".  They assign a different waiter to every order, which makes the process inefficient.  After she hunts down your waiter, they come find you then see if your order is ready for pickup (which is never the case).  Bottom line is the process takes 10 minutes where it should only take a couple.
5	First, it smells great just walking up to the restaurant. My sever tells me that it is the mesquite and pecan wood on the grill. It smells really good. Sitting on the patio and it is about 85 degrees so perfect day. The place is really busy - surprisingly so. Even though it is in the lobby of a small hotel it looks like most diners are local.I had the carna asada burrito and it was excellent.  The meat was really flavorful and tasty. The avocado gave it nice texture. It was just good. They served two sauces - a green tomatillo sauce and a red chile sauce. Both were good. The heat from the red sauce, though, tended to hide the taste of the burrito which was unfortunate because the burrito was so good so I stuck mostly with the tomatillo sauce. One pet peeve - the serve soda in cans and not fountain. I don't know why restaurants do this. Fountain soda tastes so much fresher and is a better compliment to the food than tinny canned soda. I'm looking forward to conning back from either fish tacos or when it's cooler the tortilla soup.
4	On short family reunion to the Verde Valley and Phoenix, ate here. I had chilaquiles, my wife and brother-in-law had tortas, and his wife had fish tacos. Service good but the staff person was so busy she did not connect terribly well. We were the oldest folks there, all in our 70's and the millennial crowd was hooping it up...so not a good place for a quiet supper.
4	Great breakfast. A friend of mine is a pancake connoisseur and says they have the best pancake he has ever had. I will say I've had better chilaquiles, but their other Mexican food is great! Excellent lunches. They let you mix and match tacos so you can try a lot of different things. All the beverages Ive tried, from tea, to coffee (which they get from a local roaster), to cocktails like margaritas are very tasty. The only real negative is how popular the place is. Parking is limited so it can be a challenge to actually get in.
1	After a year I thought I would try to see if anything got better.... I did NOT. My food was cold. I had to get my own chili sauce since the waiters were doing nothing,  cause it wasn't even that busy. Took forever to just get my sprite in the first place too.  Won't return. Horrible service and cold meat.
2	So here's another place where the food is excellent, but the front-of-house is seriously lacking.We've just had a baby, so dining out has (temporarily) been replaced by taking out. We still enjoy the food we used to, only we now get to pause eating when the little bundle of joy decides he's hungry or needs changing, or if the wind blows in the wrong direction. Because he is quite vocal in letting us know. We could, of course, become "those people" who really don't care about the tranquility of others when dining out, but we chose not to be.Gallo Blanco has a great website with the menu items listed in detail, they offer quite the selection with reasonable prices. They support to-go orders and even offer curbside pickup! That is of course IF you can get through to them.I called the number listed on their website at about 4pm and the call goes straight to voicemail. "Leave a message if you want to make a reservation". Hmmm, thinking I'd mistakenly called the reservations number, I checked their website and the to-go number is the same as the reservations number which is the same as the main number - it is THE number. I tried a few more times, but it would always go directly to voicemail with nairy a ring. I even tried to call the hotel main number, which was answered, and asked to be transferred to the restaurant, but again I got the dreaded voicemail of death. I called the hotel back and told them my dilemma, but they were all out of options. Hmmmm...We had our hearts set on the menu items we had chosen that I decided to drive there and have a happy-hour beer while I waited. Inside is a bit odd. I entered through the To-Go Door. They have a counter where you can sit, which at first glance could be mistaken for a bar, but it isn't. There was an open seat, so I sat at the pseudo-bar and waited, and waited, and waited some more. The problem with it not being a bar is that there is no-one permanently stationed there. Sure, plenty of people came back and forth because it is right in front of the kitchen, but no-one came to take my order. Directly to the left is a host station with two greeters (but no phone!) The place was busy, but these two were just standing around making high-school chat.Finally I was able to flag someone down, not the first four or five people as they just ignored me and kept on trucking, but someone who was able to take my order and no, they couldn't explain why the phone went directly to voicemail, nor did they really care.So, in summary - the food is great, if you can get it.
5	The food is consistently amazing and the carne asade is the best in town. Lately, the service has been really sllllllow. Can't be in a lunch rush, as you should expect to be here at least 2 hours.
5	Wednesday- Come for the Happy Hour, stay for the Flamenco. An extraordinary performance by a group of passionate, dedicated professionals. Thursday- Come back again for the food! I love this place, and am so glad we discovered a high quality of food at a reasonable price, so close to home.(Review written Feb 2013, posted way late!)
4	Excellent food, ambience and service. You want to relax and enjoy it. The food is distinctive of Southern Mexico versus the typical Sonoran or TexMex
5	White Sangria is great and the tacos are even better. They had an Octopus taco that was awesome. Ahi tuna taco was great as well. Great food. Guac was really good.
5	BEST Mexican food in AZ!!  The pork burrito is my favorite.  It's not listed on the menu but it is available and very delicious!
5	Love love this place! We love bringing out of town guests here because the food is excellent and the atmosphere is on point. There is normally a wait however we never mind because we either grab a drink at the roof top bar, sip a cocktail by the pool or check out the live entertainment they occasionally have. The walls inside and outside the restaurant feature art from local artists - I love a restaurant that supports it'sLocal community! The food is also very very good and well priced! Drink sangria, eat tacos, it's a win!
5	I asked my Phoenix friend to take me to the best Mexican restaurant in town, and this is where he took me on my visit. I am happy that he did. I returned again during my trip. This restaurant had everything I love -- excellent and inventive drinks, delicious fresh chips with homemade salsas (the verde sauce rules!) and among the best guac I've had, and creative dishes in small portions that pay homage to the traditional Mexican menu. My favorites were the Elote street corn, which I think I could eat every meal for the rest of my life, the chicken taco, and the salad with grilled chicken, apples, mint and peanut sauce. The sangria was the best white sangria I've had in any restaurant.One caveat to this rave review: I did not care for the pork torta. I do not like to eat a lot of bread, and the sandwich was ridiculously huge and overwhelming. Beneath the cavernous bread was a small portion of pork. Perhaps it is my Tennessee sensibilities about pork or my Californian experience with carnitas, but the pork was lackluster, dry, and tasted like that pork you get in a sandwich in the school cafeteria with the pre-mixed sauce. The restaurant should make torta "sliders" and add a generous portion of real carnitas to improve this dish (see the Pastor at Taco Guild for an example).  Overall, though, it is hard to beat this experience, the friendliness of the staff, the excellent food and all of the options that left me wanting more.
5	I LOVE this place. I mean. I've been eating here for the past few weeks at least twice a week. So. Yummy. I love their staff. The owners are great. The food is exceptional. Strong drinks. It's just lovely. Try the breakfast burrito, the carne asada burrito, the fundido and chips, guacamole, ok ok anything on the menu is spectacular.
4	This place is awesome! Everything tasted fresh. If I have visitors from out of town and they ask for good Mexican food, I will take them here. I am still eating and I couldn't wait to write the review. My only complaint is that they need a new bar manager. The drinks were not very good. Margaritas were not great. Bloody Mary's were just okay. Overall, really good. Boom! Finally found a good Mexican spot.
4	We came here last evening to celebrate our anniversary and we had a great time.  Sure, it was 106 and we had to sit outside, but the food as always, was great, outstanding and delicious. Now where's my Roget's?  Just read my original review from last year. And, who would sit through a cool Arizona evening (LOL) as we did, on our anniversary, if the food wasn't delicious?  We have tried almost everything on the menu, the fish taco, the shrimp, the Carne and everything is good.  But we comeback for the Carne Asada.   You've got to try it!  Their tacos are very good, but we much prefer the Burritos and highly recommend their white sangria. Expect to spend about $25 each for a three course meal including drinks, excluding tip. BTW, those are Happy Hour prices, which run until 6 pm including on Saturdays.  Most items on their menu are $1-3 off.So Four and a Half Stars, up from Four.Enjoy!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. The tomatillo salsa is so good, I wish it was served with all their dishes. The prices are awesome, especially during happy hour.
3	Went for lunch and based on some hype my group was excited to try the guacamole and margarita's. The group I was with all agreed that the drinks were not good, the bartender needs to revisit the drink list. The guacamole was just okay, the chips were pretty greasy. We really enjoyed the $2 quesadillas and the carne asada tacos, homemade corn tortillas! which were excellent. Will give a second chance.
5	This place was fantastic, best shrimp and tuna taco I had in a long time. Service was great and so was atmosphereBreakfast menu looks great can't wait to try.
4	I mean they have the best tacos I've had in Phoenix. The atmosphere is great and their drinks are great. Slightly overpriced for a street taco but still good.
5	They have the BEST salad I've had in my life!!  Ensalada Cortada. Multiple ingredients that go perfectly together. A good happy hour, good local beers on tap and solid for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The bartender, Christie couldn't have been more helpful and delightful. I love this spot!
5	I love the tacos here along with the guacamole. The guac has citrus fruit chunks in it that give it a sudden sweet taste. We had our friends bachlorette dinner here.  Margaritas recommended ;)
5	Polo Asada was really good! Service was superb and the drinks had all the love of a great bartender!
2	The only thing I disliked about this place was the HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. It felt like the server just didn't want to serve us, or maybe it was her last table and she was done for the day. We sat down she brought us our drinks and we never saw her again. We waited finally 30 min to ask someone else if we could order. We could also see our original waiter sitting down chatting and counting her tips. The food was amazing and the pork belly tacos are a MUST try. I've worked as a server before so I tried not to get too angry. I would try this place again but if service is this bad I will just ask for it togo.
2	Service has really gone down in this place.  You have to ask for your coffee refill and they did not bring all of my breakfast at one time had to wait 5 minutes for my tortillas and by that time the eggs and chorizo were cold.  Not a good experience which is sad as the food is usually great and it's one of my favorite breakfast spots.  Looks like it might be time to find a new one
2	I very rarely give a bad review but I HATE being ignored... I tip a lot Big mistake, huge.Ah, well I'm off to find another place to spend my $$ :)
2	I have to echo a previous comment, this place has gotten worse over the past year or so. Friends and I would love coming here for lunch - great food, good service. The past three times I've been here I've been really turned off. We were seated on the patio and waited well over ten minutes to even get a water. Our server constantly ignored us (had to waive him down to get coffee and soda) and we waited well over a half hour for breakfast burritos which came out cold and bland. I'm planning on avoiding this place from now on, which is a shame. This used to be a local spot I really enjoyed
1	Do not go alone! Food prep takes forever (28 min for 3 street tacos) making for an awkward lunch. The waiter I started with was inattentive and unhelpful. This was interesting because there were 5 customers and 4 waiters when I got there. A waitress ended up performing the first waiter's job.I was fairly hungry, so the food part of the meal should have won me over easily. It didn't. The fish taco was the best and it was only okay (try la santisma for better). You can get better carne asada and pork tacos at any one of the 1000 taquerias in Phoenix.By the time I was done inhaling my food (nearly late for work), I went to pay my bill at the front because nobody was around to get a bill to my table. The original waiter came to the register and said "We got busy."  I am sorry you had to cover 5 tables instead of two sir. I hope my tip went to the waitress that was actually able to serve me food (I left a note with that instruction).I know one bad review won't change the public perception on the restaurant, but I do hope that Gallo Blanco can take note of a couple gaps in their operations. Time to create a better working staff organization model that is not so overwhelming to the waiters and cooks.
4	Killer tacos and awesome guac. Live this place. Great prices for happy hour. I want to try the burritos next time. So very good!
5	My favorite place for shrimp tacos and elote. I got my tacos to go today. When I called in my order it was taken in a friendly, efficient and professional manner. My food was ready for me when I arrived 10 minutes later and I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. The tacos were superb, as usual!
5	A friend and I stumbled onto Gallo Blanco after shopping in the area and a woman in a store was raving about it. It was a Tuesday which meant all day happy hour! The restaurant itself had a cool vibe, very open and lively. We also checked out the Clarendon hotel it's attached to as well and it was very cool, we would definitely stay at the hotel.As for food and drinks, we split the pitcher of sangria (fantastic) and the large guacamole ( great and on happy hour). My friend had the salad with chicken (can't remember the name) but it was unique and flavorful for a salad.  I had a shrimp and fish taco since they are street style. I preferred the shrimp, but both were great, and only $5 for both!! I will definitely be back and recommend it to anyone!
5	This place got crowded as heck around 6pm when I came in. I stayed at the hotel for several days so I tried a couple things off the menu. I tried: Naco Torta, breakfast burrito, Pica Rico burger, guacamole, shrimp taco, and the Funkin' Gonuts Coconut Dunkelweizen beer. If you only get one thing at this restaurant, get the Funkin' Gonuts Coconut beer. It was so good and so unique that I asked the bartender to take a picture of the beer tap handle with my cellphone because I wanted to remember the name when I got back home in Los Angeles. I found out that the company that makes this beer has been in business for only a couple months and distributes only in Arizona. Can't rave enough about the beer, so good. The Pica Rico was also super delicious especially because of the grilled pepper inside. It went nicely with the beer. Guacamole was okay for me actually. The shrimp taco was also good, but I tried better. And the Naco Torta was excellent when you try it with the eggs done over easy. Lastly, don't get the breakfast burrito. That was a definite miss for me.
5	Glad we drove over from the PHX airport for dinner. The place is located next to/inside the Clarendon hotel. Upscale Mexican fare, very nice hip ambiance with a fantastic live band tonight. The food is very fresh and looks like is also locally sourced. Drinks: The margaritas are not super strong but still very delicious. I got the AZ margarita, and could taste the prickly pear in there. Usually not a big fan of margaritas due to it usually being too acidic for me; but these were just the right balance of sweet and sour. Husband got a dark beer, also solid. Food: we got the cotija corn and guacamole for apps. The corn was BOMB, I tell you. It was the star of this meal, not to be missed. A simple dish that we will probably make for at home bbqs in the future, but nonetheless exquisitely executed here at gallo blanco. The guacamole was good and fresh but nothing too special. For mains i got the carnitas, carne, and tilapia tacos. All very good but carnitas were me favourite. Nice smokey flavor and very tender and juicy. Carne Assad was a close second, also packed with flavor. Husband got pollo asado, which was also very flavorful and fall off the bone tender. Overall the dining experience here was fantastic. Our server was also humorous and just the right amount of attentiveness. Would definitely come again if in the Phoenix area.
4	The guacamole was amazing and the tacos were good. Only complaints, was a bit loud, parking isn't great and it isn't very kid friendly.
1	Came here by mistake again. Same bad service. Never again. This place seems to rely on its popularity without concentrating on customer service.
5	Honestly, the service can be hit or miss but the food is the BOMB.COM! Get the naco torta, you can't go wrong
4	Food is delicious, ambience is fantastic! Intimate enough for a date, lively enough for a night out with friends.
4	The fish tacos came highly recommended....pretty damn good, but nothing life changing lol. I've had better in Cali. My cocktail was also pretty good but light on the alcohol. I would go back because they definitely had a creative menu and I should've ordered something I couldn't literally go get off a street corner lol. The guacamole was good though. I can't front on that. 3.5 stars but I can round it up to 4 over 3.
5	All I can say "Great service, fast, friendly, delicious" good price. It's a must if you are in Phoenix, AZ. I say go for the gold and it's at Gallo Blanco!!!
5	Okay. I love Gallo Blanco, particularly for breakfast. It's different but familiar, if that makes any sense.We usually order the breakfast burrito (unbelievable) and the flap jacks (best I've ever had). They serve local coffee, have awesome drinks, and usually pretty good service (probably the only complaint I've ever had was being ignored for a little bit during happy hour, for which we got some free chips and salsa as an apology). I just need to come here for tacos. It's really a shame I haven't been.If you like midtown, it's an awesome location in the Clarendon hotel. Hipster in a good way. I doubt you'd be disappointed with anything you ordered here; it's all fresh and made in house where possible. Also, prices are very reasonable.
2	Been wanting to go here for a while. It was a little busy but got a nice table in the lounge where the band was setting up. Ordered some tacos. Carne asada and pork were just ok, the shrimp was decent. Overpriced beer ($17 pitchers) but were willing to pay that for the ambience. Unfortunately, it was hot as f*** in there. Oh, and when I ordered a bottle of Bud Light, I got a can!!! Going to America's Taco Shop next time for amazing carne asada!
1	Loved the food, but the service was awful.  Totally ignored and my husband had to get up and walk to find someone to take our second drink order.  Also, very loud with the concrete floors and cinder brick walls. Lots of staff, but poorly trained on how to take care of customers.
4	Happy Hour Tacos... OK tacos anytime, OMG.  They are served in a cool serving tray, and they are just great and reasonably priced.  Have a variety, but take advice from wait staff...Also, cocktails by the pool is also advisable.   Have fun!!!
5	A fantastic place!Tuesday night was a 15 minute wait to be seated, but I sipped a pint of local beer and watched the end of the all star game from the bar until, the hostess kindly dropped me off at the best four top in the house.Tuesday is happy hour all day. I had 4 Baja-quality grilled fish tacos (2 halibut and 2 local pork/cochinita), the best elote I've had north of the border and another beer for less than $25. Loco!On top of honest, delicious food the service is impeccable and your feel like your eating with friends. They're even open for breakfast!I'll be back!
3	....I know some of you will hate me on my rating, but I can only give this place a 3. I don't see what the big hype is about this place, I've had better. I don't like how noisy this place gets either, it pretty much made me quite miserable, (...unless I ordered a few strong drinks, then I'm sure I probably wouldn't have minded as much!)  ; )
5	Wednesday nights are the best in my opinion for the flamenco dancing. Love the drinks and love the food.  This is one my my long time favorite places.
2	The food is awful. If you haven't tried real mexican food you may like it, otherwise you will be disappointed as I was.The place seems to have a good atmosphere but then you will realize that it is as any other restaurant.The worst was Chicharron de Queso and the Bloody Mary. The ingredients were not fresh.We waited like an hour to get a table inside on Sunday afternoon. Then, the hostess asked us to accept the table outside, otherwise we should wait more time.
1	Worst service ever!!!! We sat at the bar. Horrible choice. We ordered drinks and then watched the bartender make about 10 drinks for others before we got ours. While eating our tacos, which were fairly good, the couple next to us started fighting- including the woman yelling and storming out twice only to return to keep fighting- and the bartenders did NOTHING!!! Totally ruined our experience. We'll never go back!!!
4	I had the guac dip. It has a citrus twist....not bad. Then I had their tamale. Great for a veggie entree. I hope there's a tamale with meat one day. Their "street tacos" are pretty tasty. We sat outside, which offered a great view of the city night light. The service was nice!
5	Gaawwwwdddd!  I love this place.  Very mod urban vibe. The guac is prob one of the best I've had. Everything is wonderful. Love the selection of salads they are huge and savory, not just a average salad.
2	We went last night for the flamenco show and I was excited to experience the urban atmosphere.  The service was ridiculously slow (15-20 minutes for drinks) and it was insanely hot!!  When we left at 10pm, it was the same temperature inside as out.  The flamenco dancers were absolutely amazing but we will see them again at other locations.  Definitely won't be back which is disappointing because their menu looked good.
3	We have loved this restaurant since the beginning, but now...Waiting 10 minutes for water, and another 10 minutes to order drinks and food is unacceptable, especially when there are empty tables and staff hanging around talking. Love the food and enjoy taking out of town guests on flamenco night, but if we can't count on good service, not sure we will go back. Please work on improving speed of service!
5	Favorite tacos ever!  My wife loves the shrimp tacos,  I like the halibut tacos, but we both agree the seasonal veggie tacos are the best.  Go during 3-6 and they're half price.  Also,  the elote is yummy.  Grilled corn with cotija cheese, paprika... explosion of flavor.  Service does take a little while tho
4	This place has a fun atmosphere, great drinks and fantastic food. I had the chicken burrito, a simple dish yet absolutely delish. We had hung out by the pool all day, and I had worked up quite an appetite! The burrito had pico de gallo, beans, yummy chicken and cheese. It was the perfect size and I finished the whole thing! (YUM!) I also had their margarita. Both of these items were on their happy hour menu- the margarita was $5 on hh and the burrito was $1 off. I will definitely be back!
1	I'm surprised that they got so many great reviews. The food is awful. it's not even good americanized mexican food. i totally regretted going. I had the Ensalada, Carne Asada (the worst I've ever had) and guacamole that was smothered in cheese. yuck.
4	The Sonoran desert can be a lonely place. The traveler's only friends are Gila monsters and Cacti. So thank god they built a ridiculously impractical city in the middle of it named Phoenix. And even better, they populated it with heavily air conditioned hotels and restaurants like The Clarendon Hotel and its lobby-connected restaurant: Gallo Blanco.On an August sojourn through the Sonoran desert with two of my sons, aged 11 and 4.5, I stopped to stay the night at the Clarendon. Lovely place. And Gallo Blanco fits right in with the renovated new-age-hipster vibe of the Clarendon. We arrived after sundown, so the temp was all the way down to 100F! We took the chance to take an 8pm dip in the pool, and then retired to the room to order room service from Gallo Blanco.The room service was infuriatingly confusing. The restaurant offered a phone number specifically for Clarendon guests to call and make room service orders. But upon calling it, I was greeted with a message stating the open hours and that yes this was the room service line, and a beep. I left a message stating my order and asking for a call back to confirm. 20 minutes later, I got suspicious. Was there a hold-up at the restaurant? Had there been a massive Freon leak from all the nearby air conditioners, freezing everyone into a giant block of ice?I called the main restaurant line to inquire before contacting FEMA about the impending Freonocalypse, and was surprised to get an answer from somebody fully animated. Apparently they had forgotten to answer the room service phone tonight. They didn't even know it took messages. Lovely. I ordered and they apologized profusely and waived the usual room service fee.But in restaurant land, good food trumps all. The cheeseburger my sons shared was of excellent quality. Juicy well cooked meat, with crisp vegetables. The french fries were hot and delicious.I ordered a carne asada burrito and was very impressed. A toasted tortilla, and spicy-but-not-ridiculous sauce on the side that made the burrito pop in my mouth like a water balloon filled with smoked chili peppers and happiness.The next morning we had breakfast there, and the pancakes were mind blowing. MIND BLOWING. As in our minds were blown clean out of our heads while we ate them. I can't remember them, but there were brains everywhere because _they were mind blowing_. I can't use words to describe them. Have the pancakes. The breakfast burrito with home made chorizo was most excellent, fantastic even, but the pancakes trumped ALL.I may never follow the same trail I did to find Gallo Blanco, but were I to hear its siren cockadoodledoo again, I would do whatever I could to make space in my tummy for at least 5 of those pancakes.
4	I have only ever been here for Taco Tuesday, however, I have been to many:) The carne asada is ridiculously delicious and the street tacos are just the right size to be able to try a little of each. The guac is pretty awesome also...they put citrus in it which gives it a different texture and flavor. Very refreshing. Tuesday are all day happy hour, which means select drinks and food items are $1-2 off normal price. The service has been spotty, but for the most part the servers are really great. I have only really noticed a difference with new servers or large parties. Though it's not something that would ever keep me from going back.
3	Great patio, fun music, we love taco Tuesday!  Hostess super friendly, nice and accommodating to my 8 person party, but server wasn't as friendly.  I'll give him benefit of the doubt that he was having a bad day, so he could have gotten our order right wo the smile..... I won't order the Huevos ranchero again, kinda bland, but the ceviche was crisp & refreshing.  We just partied on....
1	Avid yelpers....My husband and I saw the 844 averaged 4 star reviews and tried this place out. Yelp led us astray. It was absolutely terrible. TERRIBLE! We had the ceviche which was OK...then everything got progressively worse. I had the tacos- crane asada and pork. The carne asada was inedible- I literally had to keep spitting out bits of meat because they were so chewy. The pork was so dry I could barely choke it down. Handmade corn tortillas didn't help- so dry. Cheese quesadilla was bland and served cold. My husband ordered the torta- terrible quality bread- most of his meat was in edible and lacking in flavor. We were hopefully but this was The worst $50 we have ever spent. Spare yourself!
4	Nothing wrong with hotel restetaunts, but they normally are not my cup of tea.  Gallo Blanco, however, breaks the mold. Greeted warmly by the hostess we were seated directly below a large fan. We asked to move, no problem, we were moved to our table of choice with a smile. Our server ( ?Dre)  was very good, offering suggestions when asked, otherwise non intrusive and allowed us to enjoy our food. ( see my photos).  After drinks (an ok yet refreshing Sangria and a well mixed Henricks G & T with lime) we ordered an Ahi appetizer with guac and chips-- very light, thin slices of the tuna.  Then we  enjoyed a salad, the name I cant recall, which had corn nuts and again, a light vinaigrette dressing. Finally, we ordered a spread of tacos wanting to try a wide variety. The moist, flavorful carna asade taco was my favorite, with the fish and veggie tacos on hand made corn tortillas a close second place.  The special, a seared tuna taco, was my least favorable.  While it was well made and the fish tender and fresh, it was too large of a chunk and really should have been diced or sliced.We ordered the Street Corn as a suggestion from our server, and wow was it good, spiced up, well cooked ( steamed??) with perhaps cheese on top. A great addition and actually should come automatically with any meal. It really is that good. Feeling thoroughly stuffed, we split the orange cake along with fresh brewed decaf. The cake was full of orange flavor, zest, and the right amount of sweetness.The ENTIRE bill for two was  73 bucks. Well worth it and frankly a great deal- alcohol drinks, sodas, appetizer, salad, five tacos, desert, coffee x 2.  Finally, kids below the age of 10 eat free.
4	Great food! Really enjoyed my meal at this restaurant. Ordered the chips and salsa with guacamole. The guac is really good! I enjoyed the citrus in it. I also got the street tacos as well. Great stuff.
4	Had the sampler breakfast and it was wonderful.  Scrambled eggs,  bacon, pancake.   With fresh orange juice The service was slow and friendliness seemed forced at times
3	The food is excellent! The service is terribleeee... Especially at the bar, the staff is friendly but it seems a little disorganized as their priorities always seem to be the well & not the guests. Food is to DIE for however!
1	Pure debauchery! BLAND ASS BULLSHIT. We got the huevos rancheros, chiliquilles verde, and banana peanut pancakes. The first two were boring and tasteless. The pancake - barely mediocre. I should've stayed home and had cereal, or grabbed breakfast burrito to go at filibertos for $2.50. Do not come here for breakfast.
5	Went here with my girlfriend for Happy Hour food, and everything was great! We had the guacamole, corn, and some tacos. My only difficulty was finding parking, but I am also stubborn so that's probably why I became so frustrated.
5	Spectacular food! Pork belie and Ahi Tuna Tacos with guacamole need I say more?Awesome atmosphere, great selection for kids as well.Oh and coffee, yeah they serve Lux coffee great roaster!
3	Great food, lousy service.  I've been coming to this place for years and I've never had good, prompt service.  Servers always appear to be hanging out by the bar pretending to be busy.  If this place didn't have great food I would never return.
5	Build Club was putting a structure on top of the roof of the hotel for an upcoming Art Event. After a long day of work we ordered food from the Gallo Blanco, the Hotel's in house Restaurant and boy were we not disappointed. The menu was a awesome mix of mexican and awesome. The Salsa and Guacamole were yummy, I had a Tuna Crudo that was spicy and orange with twist. They brought out all of our food right out to our cabana. great service and Great food! I'll be back soon!
5	It's a great date night in relaxing atmosphere.   Great food.  Also great for vegetarians.  Great food.
4	Hostess was not very nice but Good servers  made up for it. Very nice smiles. Happy hour margarita was ok.  Burrito was great, loved the tomatillo sauce.
3	We've been twice and both times the food was excellent where as the service was poor. Its too bad because regardless of the quality of the food, if the service is substandard it effects the overall experience. Step it up management (take some pointers from your kitchen staff)!
2	I heard good things so I took my team for lunch yesterday, unfortunately I was not impressed. 3 at best because of the homemade tortillas and green chile.. The fish tacos were overcooked? dry and bland. An unusually long wait for the food. The server was ok, hostess not the happiest person. I wouldn't go back.
5	Consistently great food and service.  Wonderful for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Good atmosphere  open airy and artful.  We love their flapjacks and tuna tacos!Bring the family there is something for everyone here
3	Went to Gallo Blanco for dinner and placed a Togo order. Being that it is my first time in Phoenix I figured lets check out what the people of yelp had to say about dinner options. I ordered the queso fundido which was made up of melted Oaxaca cheese with vegetables Served with chips and tortillas. I did not enjoy their version of queso at all. I also ordered a carne asada burrito which happen to be one of the best burritos I have had in a while. The burrito was packed with lots of flavor I would have to say my favorite parts were the tender grilled ribeye and fire salsa flavors. I did notice that the host was rude and food took 27 minutes for a Togo order which is crazy to me.
4	Excellent place! I would go back there no doubt!
5	This place is delicious! Loved the shrimp and carne asada tacos. The elote was perfect! Definitely worth every cent! Great service!
5	This is by far my favorite place to get carne asada tacos!! Their salsa, their chips, their tortillas are amazing!!! My favorite is the cortada salad with shirmp added, along with their sangria. My husband loves this place as well/
2	The food is outstanding and deserved 4 stars but the poor service makes the experience truly negative. The staff is lazy and I my table had to request to be served! It went down hill from there totally unfriendly, no drink refills, no food descriptions, everything was a bother. The place was less than half full as it was 4pm on a Sunday. The restroom needed soap and cleaning, I brought this to the attention if the hostess. No action taken. Lots of staff standing around.As great as the food was my party of 4 won't be back I will take my business somewhere else.
5	I came here for lunch with some coworkers. The place is hip and clean. They seemed understaffed BUT like another Yelper stated, "the food is worth the wait." If you go on Tuesdays, it is dollar-off certain tacos.The tacos I had were delectable - I will be back!A solid 5 stars for food and 3 stars for their lack of servers. (We had to wait a while to get our food).
1	The food here is great, the low stars are for the crappy service. I dined on a Friday night with 5 other people, I understand its a busy night but I don't understand the waiter who acted bothered every time we needed water or when we got our food that was cold. I ordered the carne asada burrito which was really good and we all shared the guacamole which was also very good. The second problem we encountered was when our checks came, as a party of 6 we were locked into a 20% tip, which was fine the problem is when we asked to to split the check three ways we got even more attitude from our unfriendly waiter. We wrote each total along with the amount to charge each card with our names on the receipt, no problem right? WRONG. I was charged an extra $80 that is still pending and when I pointed it out to the waiter he accused us of shorting him, saying he guesses he'll "eat the cost" pretty sure you just over charged us and got a 20% tip.Flash forward to the next week when I decided to give this place another chance, I called to make reservations and to make sure we were not seated in the waiters section we had had previously. I asked to speak to a manager and explained our first situation, he apologized but didn't seem to care to much. I asked to make reservations and he said well we already have two reservations so I don't think we can get you in, you can just walk up. Why i earthen would I want to just show up and wait for a half an hour? After my first experience you think they could squeeze in a party of 5- so finally he said I'll do it (like it was a favor). I showed up five minutes early with my entire party and was told there was no reservation and we'd just have to wait for a table. This is probably the worst service I have ever had at a restaurant especially after speaking with a manager. I probably won't be going back here any time soon, which is to bad because it's a cute place with good food.
5	Hands down the best Mexican food in Phoenix. And that says a lot with nearly an endless selection of Mexican restaurants across the valley.
1	Came here after reading some positive reviews on Yelp.  This, without a doubt, was the worst experience I've encountered at a restaurant in ages. Nobody in charge of this place, server completely inexperienced and no support from anyone else, had to get up 3 times to get water for our table from bar, after chip bowls emptied, it was 15 min for refill, two of our guests had enchiladas (after asking if they were spicy and told "no, totally mild" they were unbearable to eat.  Server said "that's  unusual" and after we had to ask to just get a plain quesadilla (we had been here over an hour w no food) it took another 15 min for cheese quesadilla. They charged us for the full meals (even though we ended up w a $2.00 appetizer) and server sends manager over to table who responds to our question of why are we being charged for meals we never ate with "you have a problem?...that's how they come". Unreal.  Would never return to this place.  It's one thing to have an inexperienced server but it is inexcusable to have the manager who takes the attitude that is absolutely not Customer focused.
3	Went to Gallo Blanco for the first time.  I really love the atmosphere.  The look of the place is great and it is a bonus that it is in a really great hotel.  We went on a Sunday and it was early enough that it was not busy.  We got seated right away and given our menus.  Our waitress was very friendly (it took awhile before we actually got service).  We ordered drinks from the happy hour specials. The margarita was good and the fresco was not unfortunately.  The waitress described it as a "moscow mule" but it was really bland and didn't have the flavor of a moscow mule.  The drinks took over 15 minutes to get the the table.  For an appetizer we got chips and salsa.  I really liked that the chips are served for with 4 different types of salsa.  They all tasted very fresh and were very good.  For dinner I ordered the Naco torta.  It was ok.   The flavor was good but the meat was stringy and a little fatty.  My friend ordered the tacos and they were very good.  So to sum up the food, it was good but nothing blew me away.  The service leaves quite a bit to be desired.  From the long wait for our drinks, to a long wait for our food.  Like I said earlier, our waitress was very nice but our waters ran out and were not filled for quite awhile.  When a person came over at the end and started clearing plates she took part of my food away, I wasn't finished and I was going to take the rest home.  I didn't realize she had taken that plate until we asked for boxes for the  rest of our food.  I am not sure if I will be back.  I think there are so many options out there that  good service is a big thing.  I could understand if they were busy, but there just were not very many people in the restaurant.
1	A star because the food was good. The service was in all honesty the WORST service i have ever had and sadly my party tipped the awful waitress more than 20 percent when she deserved not a dime. She never checked on us..not even once when we were clearly out of water for over half an hour. So one of my party eventually got up and went to the waters station and took the water pitcher. We waited ourselves. The food was good but they couldnt even get it right which means not only did FOH suck at their jobs so did BOH. Manager came over and was sarcastic and giddy about how horrible the service was that he cracked a joke about it. All in all my out of town family was seriously disappointed and we will never return here. There are better Mexican food places in PHX for decent prices and better service. I advise EVERYONE to avoid this place and go somewhere authentic. Dont waste 8 dollars on a burrito with four things inside of it. Sorry staff but until you stop sucking youre losing my business.
3	Modern Mexican style spot: Friday happy hour time...If you order tacos on the patio be prepared to be attacked by flies.The weather is perfect so we decide to be seated outside.  We start with a margarita pitcher and guacamole which the highlight of it all was the 2 table sauces.  Thank goodness for the spicy green & red sauces to dress everything up.We get a tray of tacos: 2 fish, carne asada, veggie, shrimp, and pork.  It looks great once it arrives but 7 FLIES start aggressively bombarding us.  Thankfully the busboys must know about this and we put our tacos on our plate and they whisk the wooden & metal tray.  I cannot stand eating something a fly has landed on so I was waving my hand over my 3 tacos and shoveled them in as fast as possible.  As for the taste- the tortilla is homemade but very thick.  The carne asada was my favorite- love the marinaded flavor.  My veggie taco was lacking punch.  Fish tacos were very yummy.  My companion has the pork and shrimp which he seemed to enjoy.We ended with the lime tart at the recommendation of our sweet & server.  It was absolutely delicious with a nice serving of real whipped cream.  No flies at this time!
3	Easy review, I came here for a quick breakfast burrito before I hit the road for Texas. It was okay, hit the spot but wasn't anything monumental. Staff was ok but the overall dining area was kinda messy. Not sure how I feel about that.
5	The happy hour specials here are pretty solid.  $5 speciality drinks and decent prices for appetizers also.  I went on a Tuesday afternoon and it was packed. Good vibe and friendly staff.
5	Literally the best beef torta I've ever tasted! The service was excellent and the atmosphere was nice.
1	I have lived next to Gallo Blanco for over 2 years. I call in pick up orders often.  The only reason I go back is the food is good and it's the closet place I can walk to.  Other than that everything else is poor.  The waiter and bartenders all have poor attitudes.  I won't order drinks at the bar because in the 2 years of coming it seems like all of them have an attitude.  I have witnessed bickering and arguments behind the bar between staff. This past Thursday I order a burro around 945pm.  When I got home it was cold, some of the meat wasn't fully cooked, and you can tell the prepping was rush the way things were cut.  This is the first time I experienced bad food here.  So I called and left a message on the voice mail for management stating my recipient number and issue.  I am yet to get a call back.  I have been in her many times and witnessed other complain about their experience and it doesn't seem like management cares.  This place would have more local traffic but everyone on my building has had a bad experience.  I would love to talk to a Manger again.  I did speak to one months ago about the bad experience but obviously things haven't changed.
5	The margaritas were awesome, great tequila. Queso fundido with chorizo was amazing. The pork belly tacos, rock fish tacos and cochinita tacos were great. The el churro banana split topped it all off. Amazing place to eat.
3	Love the tacos, beer and happy hour prices.  But every time we go the service gets slower and slower.  Most recent trip service was non existant.  After waiting 20 minutes to get our order in, taking us past happy hour, the waiter then tried to charge us full price.  Sit at the bar if you can.
1	Sitting at the bar dirty dishes next to clean dishes! Lazy bartenders  Wtf* wow   just rude this guy needs to get his stick outta his Ass.. Look up when people are giving their order!
3	I've been there a few times now - three times for breakfast and a couple of times for lunch.  Breakfast was awesome, but lunch was just okThe service each time was mediocre and uninspired.
3	I've been here on a number of occasions. The atmosphere is fun and casual with ample parking and good happy hour. The restaurant is very small, and doesn't easily accommodate larger groups. I wouldn't recommend coming here during the summer months, as the restaurant was uncomfortably warm the last time I was there (August-ish). Gallo Blanco is very "meh". Just ok. Nothing outstanding. Fine for a quick drink and bite with friends but I wouldn't come here with high expectations...quite a shame considering its location in the lobby of the Clarendon hotel. Has potential to be a great spot!
4	Gallio Blanco is retro, trendy, upbeat,  local, delicious, authentic, and for a while the Tuesday date night spot for hubby and I. Their guacamole is one of the best I have had. Different or maybe creative is the right word... with bits of oranges and fresh avocados. You can taste that it was made in the house.The tacos are authentic street taco style, on small corn tortillas. They don't have the option of flour and I'm unfortunately not a fan of corn tortillas so its more of a personal problem, but that's one star off for me because I usually end up leaving out the bread. Just one of those things.. I keep trying it every time hoping I'd like it but I end up not liking it even more. My personal favorite is the beef burrito. The beef is flavorful and cooked to perfection.If you order chips and salsa, it comes with delicious fresh chips and choice of their regular salsa or 4 different salsas. My favorite is the smokey chipotle. I keep telling myself that next time I need to try something new on the menu but so far I haven't been brave enough. Seems like another visit is in order and I promise to update this review if I really make that step.
5	Living in Arizona there is obviously no shortage of amazing Mexican restaurants but I have to say... this is one of my favorites. I had the shrimp burrito and it was probably the best burrito I've ever had. The service was slow considering the place was practically empty but it was worth the wait. I will definitely be heading back here next time I'm in Phoenix and will do my best to order something else... no promises though.
5	Gallo has seemed to change it's wait staff since my last review. No more weird experiences or soggy tacos. I'm back in love with Gallo once again. Yay!
4	Go here. Get the shrimp & grits. Let your dinner companion have a bite. Then refuse to give them more when they ask, or at least extract a major favor in return.Food was very good and a there are some creative options. Staff was friendly. Service was friendly, but we were forgotten a couple times...
3	Cute bar. Great drinks and food is decent
4	As a Californian coming down to visit family I have to say I was impressed with the food and the service, including the friendliness of the staff.   The only thing that threw me off was the decor.  It has an underdeveloped look but I still very much enjoyed my time there.  Only removing one star for the decor but others may find it more charming.  Oh and great mimosas!
4	I was in town visiting and my friends brought me here for brunch.  It has a very fun, trendy vibe going.  We started with some fun drinks.  I got the chocolate fudge and vanilla ice cream shake.  I couldn't really taste the chocolate but it was still yummy.  My friend got the strawberry shake (no ice cream) and we didn't really like it unfortunately.  We started off with chips and salsa and guacamole.  I really enjoyed the various types of salsa and enjoyed trying them all.  I got the chicken chilaquiles verdes. It was chicken with layer tortillas and cheese and salsa with an egg (cooked however you like it) on top.  I got this on the recommendation of my friend.  It was delicious!  I would definitely get it again.  My only gripe was that the service was very slow at times.  It took a while for the waiter to come back to check on us and for us to get our check.  I didn't mind so much but my friend was annoyed.
5	Went for the first time last night with another couple and all four of us just LOVED the food - was delicious! The Carne Asado is outstanding!  We had excellent service and the decor is very fun and hip. Will definitely be going back and hopefully sooner than later.  Probably the best Mexican food in town with some very unique flavors and and dishes. Would strongly recommend.
5	Outstanding   Food is amazing   Great relaxed atmosphere   Very clean   Refreshing  food    Great service   Pricing is very fair   Menu items are flavorful, out of the ordinary     My favorite place to bring out of town visitors
4	Gallo Blanco is a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix that serves up some quality Mexican cuisine.  No Tex Mex here, instead you can find street style tacos, a creative elote, and some pretty good happy hour specials.My Overall Rating - 4 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - Gallo Blanco is adjacent to the Clarenden hotel, so if it's your first time you might miss it.  Inside you'll find an open and modern space that matches the food perfectly.  There's also plenty of outdoor seating and bright colors everywhere and a bar if you're looking for more than tacos.  1 Star.Service - Our servers were great.  Even though the food took some time to come out, they checked in often.  We sat outside on a cold fall afternoon, but our outdoor heater was out of fuel.  They were kind enough to move a working lamp to accommodate us.  1 Star.Food - Get the elote.  Gallo Blanco serves this up on a whole corn, placing the sour cream and spices on top.  You then strip the corn off directly.  It looks amazing, tastes great, and was a really creative way to serve elote.  I liked it more because it limited the amount of sour cream.  The guacamole was also great.  Fresh, and with pineapples mixed in.  They used big chunks too, and I thought it was great.  They tacos were good not great.  The beef reminds me of Korean bugolgi marinated beef.  It was sweet (which is ok with me).  Shrimp and fish tacos while fresh, weren't any more memorable that other places I've been too.  So while the appetizers were great, our tacos weren't as good.  1 Star. Will I Return? - Yes.  Kids eat free, and they have great happy hour specials.  I'd return for those reasons and the elote/guac.  Gallo Blanco is solid, cool, and definitely worth a return visit.  1 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
5	What can I say about Gallo Blanco.  The food is always awesome and very non traditional.  Great place for a first date, meal with friends and family, or just for happy hour drinks and appetizer's.  The best part are the urinals in the men's room. Very popular place that everyone has to see, I always have to take the women in to show them cause they all want to see the unique urinals.  It's OK.... everyone does it!  I know the owner and the several of the staff of the hotel and they are all awesome and this is the best kept secret for hotel lodging and eating in Central Phoenix.  Very Highly recommended!!!!
4	Roof top bar was a nice touch! Tacos were delicious. Guacamole and Elote were Devine! Pasole was slightly cold, okay flavor. Tried my husbands torta and it was also great! Tres leche cake was okay but the brownie cake was much better.
3	Just ate here...taco was not bad, burrito was cold. Service was pretty good but they were confused by my order of a side of guacamole. Stumbled onto all day hh which was pretty nifty but it would have been nice if they told me sooner
5	Really good food, small space, great service. Delicious appetizers, fun environment and the Clarendon Hotel is a great space.
2	It looks super hip and it should be amazing but the food was just okay. Our appetizer was a huge grease fest, we asked if it was supposed to be that way and they took it off our bill but not really ever answered the question. We never got refills on any drinks. They were not that busy either. Perhaps we didn't fit their normal crowd of people but I was bummed, it looked fun but I will pass next time.
5	Always great. This place rocks! Best elote ever.  Come on a Wednesday for some flamenco dancing!
4	Excellent chips and salsa - worth coming here just for that.  I think there are better tacos in town but I look forward to trying other items on the menu.
2	Maybe it's that we showed up on a Sunday night, but I thought the food was lackluster. However highlights include the many salsas that arrived at the table, and the house made tortilla chips. The pork was dry/overcooked. The Shrimp and grits came highly recommend, but was just... Okay. They do sell pitchers of beer though!
5	I eat there all the time. Great service and great food.
4	Absolutely incredible. Had huevos rancheros and a tamale today. The best. The ice tea is great also. What a fun dining experience. The staff is incredible also.
4	Absolutely incredible. Had huevos rancheros and a tamale today. The best. The ice tea is great also. What a fun dining experience. The staff is incredible also.
4	Absolutely delicious!! My husband had Posole, I had the Ensalada Cortado, and we shared the most delicious corn on the cob (Callejero) ever!!!! Tea was delicious!! Wonderful service and fantastic atmosphere!!
4	Food is decent, however the customer service is absolutely great.
4	I honestly think Gallo Blanco is the best restaurant I ate in Phoenix. The food was great quality, service was fantastic... they served real maple syrup! Everything! Breakfast by far stood out over the competition around phoenix. Lunch and dinner were also solid. Decent food.
5	Really happy we decided to try this place for dinner tonight. We're staying at the Clarendon, so when we were told it was a 20 minute wait we went up to the room and they texted us when our table was ready, which I thought was super convenient. Guacamole was great, as we expected. The shrimp tacos were out of this world.. Very delicious. I would come back just for those. They were out of flan so we got an ice cream brownie for dessert which was okay. All the servers were really nice. Overall a pleasant experience.
5	Right next to the office. Excellent carne asada burrito.  Great salads !! Cool place with really cool history.
2	Nothing about this restaurant screams Mexican, except MAYBE the fact that they offer Tecate and a tequila flight. Oh, and they have pictures of roosters on the wall. . Lol.. but that's also a country thing.  You can tell the staff works really hard during lunch rush hour, but sadly, i don't intend to revisit.
4	This place is incredibly good. Order the chiliquilles verde with chicken. Nothing on the planet like it. also, the fresh squeezed OJ is the bomb. highly recommended.
2	I saw Adrien Grenier there which was awesome and got me drooling a bit. But seeing my man crush made me forget that the hostess is a dumb bimbo who doesn't know how to do her job. if you go to this place and ask the hostess for a reservation, she will most certainly mess it up and leave you with the feeling of wanting to yell at her. I'd recommend Joyride Tacos in Central Phoenix (there are less hippies there as well)Yours Truly,Dale Meepy
4	Showed up for a NYE dinner here a few nights ago and was very pleased. Mexican is definitely not my favorite food but I thoroughly enjoyed Gallo Blanco. From the guacamole to the corn and then my ribeye sandwich, everything was delicious. I wish there was a chicken taco available, maybe there was but I missed it. Great margaritas as well.
4	Absolutely incredible. Had huevos rancheros and a tamale today. The best. The ice tea is great also. What a fun dining experience. The staff is incredible also.
2	My family and a friend went for dinner on New Year's Eve.  We loved the food.  It was excellent.  However, the music was so loud that we were no able to have a conversation while dining.  Small talk only because we had to speak louder to each other.  I asked the waiter to please lower the music a little, and he simply dismissed my request.  I call the hostess while dining and ask her to please lower the music.  Here answer was, "I will look into it."  Nothing ever happened.  We got done dining and the atmosphere was very unpleasant since we really could not have a conversation.  My friend was from out of town and we just wanted to have a nice time and catch up.  I was VERY disappointed and may think twice before I recommend this restaurant or dine.
5	Ok I dont get it I have been all over the south who in the work would have guess a mexican restaurant in phoenix would have the best shrimp and grits its outstanding!!!!
