2	Really good barbecue, really spotty service.I think the Famous Dave's franchise is a wonderful success story of stick-to-it-ive-ness and the American Entreprenurial Spirit. Dave Anderson's story is very compelling. I just wish everyone at this particular restaurant were as jazzed about Dave as I am.The menu is fairly priced for lunch and dinner. I usually get a two-meat combo (catfish and brisket) with a side of firecracker green beans, and it comes with a half ear of corn on the cob, a cornbread muffin, and a half a slice of texas toast. There's like six flavors of barbecue sauce on the table. It comes to around twelve bucks with iced tea.What I don't like about this Famous Dave's is the service. It's hit or miss...mostly miss. How some waiters keep their jobs is beyond me. I guess the manager is a very tolerant person or whatever. Today, I sat down with a few others for lunch, saw our waiter a total of three times: to take our order, to deliver our drinks AND food at the same time, and to bring the check...in about a whole hour! Ugh.I love the food, that's the only reason this review gets two stars.Beware of the so-called "Happy Hour" from 2pm to 6pm weekdays. Three Bucks (!!) for a 23-ounce Budweiser. That is really disappointing to me. We're not talking about Imported German Beer, we're talking Bud on Tap! Incredible.
4	I love ribs!!! The ribs here are fall off the bone smokely dokely awesomely. They have two types of sauces hot and spicy and regular. They are both good. I had the brisket and it was ok. My suggestion, stick to the ribs. The sides are typical. The colesaw and mac and cheese are really good. I always get my food to go, so my review is for the food only. I usually order form the to go counter and one time I waited at the bar and had a beer. The bartender was nice but she made it a point to tell me that I could order to-go food from her. I mean, she is a bartender she has her own customers at the bar. The person that works the take out counter relies on take out orders only. It was a little selfish of her to try to take business from her fellow staff member. It was a little annoying. Other than that, the ribs rock!!!!
4	Went here with a party of 8 for my birthday last year.  We ordered two of the Feast thingy's (All American Feast, I think it's called)...They serve them on a garbage can lid. Comes with ribs, chicken, and brisket or pulled pork, with 2 big sides and cornbread muffins.  Oh, and the fries, that are scattered all over the lid. My god, ALL of the food was good.  The ribs, were delicious fall off the bone, variety, the pulled pork was amazing (I had the pulled pork sandwich for lunch one time as well).  I love the different kinds of bbq sauce.  Their desserts are actually pretty friggin' good as well.  Their bread pudding is diabetic shock, but it's absolutely delicious.  The prices, really aren't that bad, either.  It's about $60 for one of the Feasts, and it really does serve about 5 people.   I've been here 3 times now, and will definitely come back again.
4	Probably the best pulled pork sandwich with slaw that I've had in the five years we've q-searched in Vegas...
4	The service was good and the food hot and tasted good. I had a root beer float which was very good, along with pulled pork with Cole-slaw. It was good bur four people cost almost $80.00
4	I hate chain restaurants, but I like this Dave's. Meat and sides are pretty good. I end up here when driving to or through or from Vegas. Tried one more locally near L.A. once, but wasn't as good, though to be fair, it had only been open for one week.
2	Hankering for some ribs and brisket and tired of going to Lucille's so decided to try Famous Dave's. We got the feast for two in order to sample as many of the meats/sides as we could for a small party. St. Louis Style Spareribs: Disappointing. Very tough and difficult to bite off the bone. The only thing saving them was the nice glaze of viscous basted sauce on them.Beef Brisket: Average. I've had worse (i.e. tough) and I've had better (tender and juicy). These were tender, just kind of bland. I slathered them in the Texas Pit sauce (their medium sauce with peppercorns) to get more of the smoke flavor that should already be inherent in the brisket itself, and was able to down them.Chopped Pork: Best of the three meats we tried. Tender and pulled apart easily. Tried it w/ the Georgia mustard sauce. A little bit too much vinegar for my taste, but nice runny consistency. Sides: Recommend the cornbread and the corn on the cob. Potato salad was a bit hard (wished they had boiled the potatoes for more than two minutes), and fries just your average steak fries.
3	Great place to cure a hangover. They skimped on my mudslide though, maybe it was the hangover.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas. This location can get pretty crowded around dinner time (7pm), but it's worth the 20 minutes wait.  The meat is always tender and slides right off the  bone and the 6(?) choices of BBQ sauce to eat on your meat are all equally great.  My favorite is sweet and zesty.  I've tried the Georgia chopped pork and rib tips here and the flavors are just exquisite.  The average price of a dinner is about $11-$12 and they make sure you leave good and full.  The meal I usually get is a BBQ combo. It includes: Your choice of meat, your choice of two sides (I love the jalapeno corn man n cheese and the garlic redskin mashed potatoes), a cornbread muffin, and a corn on the cob FOR ONLY $10.99!!!  You can't beat all that food and all that flavor for such a great price.Check out the picture I posted and I'm sure you'll be runnin out the door   :]
4	Mid 70's weather outside on the patio, 5 different bbq sauces, and well cooked meats among friends.... what more can you ask for? Been driving by this place for a while now and finally had a chance to suggest it as we couldnt figure out what to chomp on for the evening. Rolled in dinner time about 6-7pm and it wasnt terribly busy, the patio was open and the weather was hard to beat so sat outside. We were greeted by (forgot her name) our waitress who was on point all night and very friendly which i think really helps make a meal and the experience of eating out. After placing our order for 5 consisting up several two meat combos and then my own meal of the "man handler"  excuse the name but it sounded good on the menu, a sandwich made with brisket, and sausage chopped up with pickles and i added coleslaw to the top, also came with a side which i chose to be the mac n cheese. The assortment of sweet, spicy, tangy, etc sauces was a good variety as there is something for everybody. My sandwich was tasty as the meat was cooked well and the coleslaw actually was a nice extra to have on this particular concoction. And the mac n cheese with bits of corn in it was on point but $10 for a sandwich was kinda enn.. although good i would like liked to have either fries or a second side for $10. Everybody else seemed to enjoy their food also at my table which isnt easy to do with a decent mixed bunch as we were. Will i come back? Sure maybe to try out this happy hour that i just read up on Arron M.'s review as i like the food but for the regular price i think id rather eat something more filling so if there are specials then count me in that day. Money is tight these days so im trying to cut where i can...damn i feel like a pig because the sandwich didnt fill me up.. weak.
5	THIS RESTAURANT IS FABOLOUS!!!!!!! The mixed drinks are big and deliscious!! The food is WONDERFULL!!!! We go there at least once a week to this location. The staff is very friendly and funny. It's a good restaurant for any ocasion. The food is absolutely amazing!!!! The coleslaw, mashed potatos, and macaroni and cheese are deliscious!! Definitely put this on your list of restaurants to try!!!
4	Best spare ribs I've had in a long time. We wanted to try this place for awhile after we saw Famous Dave competing in the Reno BBQ competition featured on Food Network. The ribs are excellent. They were so juicy and tender. The meat just come off but still carries firmness. Beef brisket, on the other hand, I was not impressed. They were a little too dry and over cooked. They did have a nice smoky taste. The sides were wonderful. Corn bread that looks like a cup cake tasted as good as it looked. Potato salad was refreshing, and the corn on the cob was pretty crunchy. Over all, the food was good. The price was a little more than I liked, but the ribs was worth it.
5	I felt like visiting someone famous and ended up at Famous Dave's. Unfortunately, Dave wasn't available to hang out, but it was happy hour anyway.Was it just like I was there for happy hour. No, not really. I walked in, had a seat at the bar and Kelly the bartender served me up. I decided to go with the wings (1/2 off for HH), and onion strings. Both were excellent. Twentey-three ounces of beer (domestic) was about $2.99. Not too shabby if you ask me. I spent some time there and admired the decor, the people ordering trash lids of food and many other things. Will I go back? Definitely. It's a no pressure sell if you ask me.
5	For about $20 I had a half rack of ribs and rib tips, and bottomless Iced Tea. They had a cool bar with several TV's so you can watch Baseball, Soccer, and Golf at one time.The service was real good, friendly, and prompt. My meal also came with Potato Salad which was good, and Green Beans, which were not bad. I plan to go back again.
5	Excellent BBQ! We've gone here twice and both times we ordered the Que for Two, $19.99- which is a special (great deal), but you must ask for it, since it isn't on the menu. We got the following (several choices): brisket (my favorite- but ask for it "lean"), ribs (my husband's favorite), chicken, two corn muffins, steak fries, coleslaw, and a slice of toast. The service was not only great, but quite speedy- we actually got our food in five minutes! The meat is so tender- falls off the bone tender, the (yummy) corn muffins , and the fries were very good as well (don't usually like steak fries so I was pleasantly surprised). On your table sits a paper towel dispenser and wet naps tucked in the sugar dish- which you will need to use because as you know, your hands will get very dirty. Also, there are five signature sauces, like Devil's Spit (hot! unless you like the heat) and Sweet N Sassy. The server can explain what each sauce contains or you can be adventurous and try them all. We had the bread pudding for dessert, which is more like a flan (love flan), served with a scoop of vanilla and whipped cream with a gooey caramel nut sauce- delicious, but we were so full at that point that we didn't finish it. (And we did some shopping/walking afterwards- one of the best strip malls in the city, BTW.)There are other feasts on the menu for groups of four- which are great deals and served on trash can lids. Sign up on their e-mail list for coupons. The mascot is a smiling pig(why do they always have to be so cute?); kitsch barbeque decor and, the staff wears logo t-shirts with funny barbeque-isms. The hostess opens the door for you and greets you with a smile. Way better than Memphis BBQ. Will definitely come back here.
4	I love the family platter.. and the cornbread is awesome!  the ribs are super tender and the brisket is off the hook.service is friendly.. and usually pretty quick.they have happy hour everyday from 2-6...they have plates that are fairly priced if your a family.. or a pair.. even a trio.. .the portions are enough to share!!! cornbread.. trust, get extra.
4	I wouldn't say Famous Dave's is great BBQ it is great food. Everything on the menu is delicious and is always consistent, a bit too consistent. While I do love everything about Famous Dave's, it's not true BBQ.This location has friendly staff, is always clean and never too busy to just walk right it.
4	it was my first time here, i am a Lucille's fan since moving to Vegas almost 5 years ago...I had a brisket sandwich and it was the best brisket I have ever had!! The catfish tenders weren't very good but then again I have never liked cat fish in the first place... my favorite sauce (out of 5!!!) they had to offer was the Georgia kiss or something like that... the other sauces in my opinion were your run of the mill barbecue sauce.... all in all the food was good and the service was excellent... I definitely plan to eat here more often and I have forgotten about the other place
3	Dave's is what would happen if you were to take a rustic rib shack from the dirty dirty, run it through a Corporate even somewhat Disney like scrub and move it to a blistering desert.  In another words, if you want an authentic, rustic rib shack and you hate the idea of a chain like place, this is not your place.Fortunately for me, I don't mind the garish touristy-ness of the place.  I just want reasonably priced food and if I'm lucky, beer.Although their happy hour is advertised as 2-6p, I noted that our 11:30am lunch on a Saturday also qualified.  So if you are hell bent on happy hour, which for $2.99 23 oz beers, that's pretty good, then check ahead.As noted, by other reviewers, $8.99 two item combos with corn muffin and one side for lunch is a fantastic deal.  However, the overall food is quite average.  Not a bad thing or anything.  I was happy with it, but it wasn't as good as Baby Blue in LA.  The "Devil's Spit" sauce was pretty good, but it was not spicy at all.  I couldn't tell the sweet BBQ sauce wings from the spicy.  And seriously, not even cholulu spicy, let alone tapatio.  The sweet sauce was not so good.  I think you can just skip the wings.  The Devil's spit is okay from the bottle for your other meats aside from the lack of spiciness. This place is clean.  You could eat off the floor.  Good job.  The air conditioning is blasting, so you may get a bit cold if you are chugging cold beers and are sensitive to cold.Service is standard, though a bit spotty when it gets busy.  Instead of having three hostesses, Dave's should add one or two servers during lunch rush.Overall, 3 platters, 12 wings, 5 beers, 1 side salad plus tax and tip for $62?  Not bad, not bad.  Mind blowing authentic BBQ joint... not so much.  But as long as you aren't a BBQ snob, you'll be fine.  Enjoy.
4	I like this place and enjoy to go here with family and friends!1.  Menu - It can be difficult to figure out what you want, if you don't have a specific item that is your absolute must order. In this case, if you are with friends and family, order the All American Feast which is served on a garbage can lid.  Great selection.2.  Garbage - Again, if you order the feast that comes on the garbage can lid, which I love as it is in the middle of the table and all share, they you can add on things like sausages and etc for a small fee.  IT is truly great stuff. 3.  Price - Reasonable.4.  Kids - They will love it, why?  See point 5.5.  Sauces - You can put your own sauce and they have plenty of choices on your table. Chances are your kids will not want a sauce as tangy and hot as you want, so this is a great choice for all. 6.  Large Groups - Great for this, but sometimes they can be a bit busy, so be careful and plan. Overall, a nice place to enjoy and hang out.
5	Best ribs in town, better then tony romas and chilis dry rub.their secret is they smoke their ribs, and then apply their signiturebbq sauce. Yum!
3	I've never been here before and they keep springing up all over the city so I thought may as well give it a try. Walking in the decor was like any other chain restaurant, nothing special. I did like the bar area, had extra tables to eat at if you didn't feel like waiting in line and if you wanted to sit at the bar there weren't any video poker machines so you could actually sit at the bar and eat and drink without having the glare and screaming lights telling you that you too could get a royal flush.The service was nothing short of excellent. Everyone was extremely friendly. Every server said hi, bye, smiled, quick, attentive, almost seemed like it was their first week and were trying to impress. Bartender even came around out of the bar to take more drink orders. Very strange but me likey.Food? I see that they were voted Best of Las Vegas 2010, but I have to say I liked the barbecue at Lucille's better than the food here. Their signature wings were pretty good, definitely better than Buffalo Wild Wings, meat wise anyways, the barbecue sauce was so so but still I will be going back for the wings.  As for everything else, I had the brisket, half a chicken, half a slab of ribs, the green beans, fires, baked beans, and garlic mashed potatoes.....don't judge me. The brisket was okay, I had to keep saucing it up, I would of rather had the tri tip at Lucille's. The chicken wasn't the half rotisserie chicken I was expecting, it was more like a pigeon leg but... it was decently flavored. The ribs were good, nothing to write home about but good enough. The sides though? I'd pass, nothing really stood out and I actually didn't finish them. The service was good but the food was just not as good as Lucille's or even close to the barbecue down South. But would I go back? Absolutely, but probably just for the wings and a beer.
4	Zooey-Mama!  This place has some decent 'que for being a chain.  I mean that in the nicest way.  This is some good stuff!It was 'date night' recently and the lady and I finally decided to go visit Famous Dave's since we've always talked about it but never quite made the committment to try it.  So I gassed up the ride, put on some Mr. Bean in the DVD player, microwaved some popcorn, put out a couple Klondike Bars (hmmm...what wouldn't I do for a Klondike Bar?), and said "Later, kids!"  And we were off!  Although, thinking back I think I forgot to leave another phone number in case of emergencies.  Luckily, everything was fine when we got back home.  Except the funny English accent my little one gave me upon our arrival (thanks Mr. Bean).Famous Dave's interior is really...decorated.  This place is like the Disneyland of BBQ!  There's stuff everywhere, I guess this is what it's like to come to a corporate BBQ!  Nothing like those down home places where all you smell is smoke, the walls are dingy, and the chairs are rickety.  Looks like Dave's been making a healthy buck on his 'que.  But the place was inviting nonetheless.  Famous Dave's has a good menu that includes lots of appetizers, salads, burgers, sandwiches, soups, and BBQ combos.  But we were there for one thing only, the infamous 'Que for Two' for $19.99!  Sorry, payday wasn't until the next week and it was all we could afford.  Hard times I tell ya!  Upon ordering this from our server with some cold drinks, he was on his way.  20 minutes later our BBQ bliss had arrived.I heard from co-workers that the Que for Two wasn't enough for two people and that I would be hungry afterwards.  Me being a 'husky' sized Asian boy was a little let down upon hearing this.  But when our platter arrived, I sure wasn't disappointed!  There was more than enough food for two!  We had four of Dave's 'Famous' ribs, 1/2 a BBQ chicken, 1/2 a serving of chopped pork+1/2 a serving of beef brisket (I couldn't decide on which one so I asked for both..ha ha), Famous Fries, two cornbread muffins, and a side of garlic red skin mashed potatoes.  I gotta tell ya'...it was all pretty good!  The ribs were moist, flavored well, and cooked just right with a tiny bit of bite in em'.  The chopped pork and the brisket were very good too, and tender.  But the biggest surprise for me was the chicken.  Often times chicken can get dry in a BBQ pit but this one was super succulent and moist, and the rub was great.  This was my fav of the night.  And it was all so good with their sauces!  I liked all six of them but my favs were their original Rich & Sassy, Sweet & Zesty, and the Devil's Spit (sucker is spicy hot!).  Service was good, our server kept up with us and kept us stocked with wet naps and our drinks full.  Next time, I'm taking the kids with us and we're so gonna have the All-American BBQ Feast...old school and served on a trash can lid!  The lid is lined with paper...of course.  I saw it that night on a table...and the sucker is HUGE!  It can easily feed four people...unless you're a mighty Samoan...then this would be considered your 'Que for Two'.  We had enough food leftover to take a doggie bag home for the kids.  Admittedly, I finished the last rib that night as a midnight snack.  But I did leave the fries for them!  But I did also manage to finish the little one's Klondike Bar.  Boy, am I a big lil' piggy.
5	Good food. Great Happy hour and lunch menu. It really make the food affordable. The servings are HUGE. The food usually comes out quick, so you can eat inside in a short amount of time.
4	As stated before, decent BBQ for a chain. I had the brisket, hot link, mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese. Honestly, I enjoyed the side dishes more than the entree. The mac and cheese has corn in it....different, but not bad. Serving size was on par, and it even comes with a side of corn bread and corn on the cob. The "dragon's spit" was not as spicy as I would have expected, but tasty none the less. I washed it all down with a root beer float which was HUGE!!!! My order was placed to go. Convenient and quick parking up front for pick ups, and the cashier was very nice and made sure my order was made to my liking. I will come again!
3	1 star = for the corn..tasty!  Buttery! and for the super delicious beans.  Best beans I've ever tasted!  Has a kind of spice to it.2 stars = for the mac and cheese...cheesy and yummy...there is even an option to have jalapeno flavor!3 stars = for the pulled pork because it was the only meat with any real flavorI would have given a 4th star for the catfish because it tasted good, but the serving was so small!  We also ordered the rib tips which tasted okay, and the brisket which was okay too, only if drenched in BBQ sauce because it was kinda dry.  Overall, the experience was just alright.  I was not too impressed, but might come back for a second try if I need a BBQ fix as it is close to my pad.  Plus the sides here are really good, you know..be SIDES the meat!
3	Are you a barbecue snob?? I don't really know how the words Barbecue and snob really jive but apparently they do. I sat next to a family where the father kept saying, " wow, I am a Barbecue snob and I think this barbecue is amazing!" So of course I looked over to see what this Que king was eating and he had the ribs and the brisket... I Could not let this self proclaimed BBQ snob enjoy all the saucy goodness all alone so I ordered the Ribs and Brisket combo with the mac and cheese and potatoes... The waiter brought out the plate and to the eye I was impressed, it looked juicy, tasty and everything a BBQ snob hopeful could ask for. I pulled a rib off the half rack and raised it to my mouth......... Now that you are waiting for some crazy descriptive to tell you how delicious it was take a moment to enter your own word here............... Okay that's enough of that, its my turn, It was Crap, somehow the rib pulled off the half rack but maybe in the 2 foot travel to my mouth it got jet lag or something because it was dull, dry and unexciting. I was in no way impressed and was doubting the BBQ snobs credentials. I then figured, " well I need to be fair, and try the brisket," It had that nice brisket look with the pink rim and cooked center so i grabbed my fork and went at it. Hoping to reignite my passion to be on the BBQ snob wagon I tore into it and low and behold I had the same crappy experience, it was dry and had a rather odd taste for brisket. If I could have made a BBQ Snobs citizens arrest or revoked his snob certificate I would have. The server was great, he kept my drink full and checked in on us just enough to be very attentive and not a creeper. So if you really take a look at what I am saying, I would go back for a drink, some mac and cheese and to socialize with a waiter... Is this reason enough to go back... .Ehhh, Not this time.... Sorry Dave!
3	My boyfriend loves this place and always wants to go, but I just think it's okay.  I like the cornbread muffins a lot.  But am not a fan of the beef brisket.  I usually ask for a side order of pulled chicken which is nice and tender.  I want to try the ribs, but haven't yet.  The service has always been really good here, very down to earth servers which can be hard to find in Vegas!
3	I'll state the same thing most have stated above me. For a chain food restaurant, the BBQ isn't that bad. Their lunch specials are priced nicely and that is one of the main reasons I eat there. Service is okay, nothing stellar. The food itself is also okay. Hailing originally from Tennessee and having the pleasure of eating BBQ there has somewhat spoiled me and Dave's doesn't live up to TN BBQ. It's not bad though, definitely doable.
5	GO FOR HAPPY HOUR. in the bar area. 11-6. EVERYDAY. (i think) GET THE WINGS!!!! the devil spit is delicious. price rating based on happy hour. only time i goedit: if youre goin to the bar to watch a game, eat and run. they wont turn the sound on. they have to play their music. small gripe but it did bite me once. :0)
5	Great place, was a little uneasy about the service as our server was pretty loud but we ended up really liking her :)Had the 2 person feast and our third had the chicken.WAYYYYYY too much food!!!  Not a complaint just make sure you bring a big appetite.  Fries were great, pulled pork was amazing, ribs were also good.  Chicken was good too.Only thing I could say is I wish the hot sauce was hotter, the "Devil's Spit" which is the hottest they have was pretty mild in my opinion.  Highly recommended, good food, fun service.
4	Lunch special is awesome! Food was great, along with the service..specifically told our waitress we were in a hurry side we had to be somewhere in a hour. Waitress brought our food out quick! Scarffed down our food, but was still able to enjoy the ribs and rib tips we ordered. Cornbread is to die for. Ordered one for the road
4	I am bummed I waited so long to try this place. This BBQ is great, if you want REAL, meaty ribs then this is the place. It was pretty pricey (I guess average for BBQ in Vegas) but they do offer a happy hour. I would also like to recommend the mac and cheese, yum!
4	Famous Dave's is consistently decent bbq.  I like the ribs and brisket, but the chicken is just ok for me.  I like the sides here better than Memphis Championship BBQ, with the cole slaw and cornbread muffins being the stars.  They have a couple of sauces that are not on the table that they will bring upon request.  The first is a pineapple sauce that is very sweet and the second is a hot bbq sauce that is pretty spicy.  The server was pleasant and efficient.
4	If I'm in the mood for American Barbecue I normally like this place.I usually get the sliders but with all hot links sausage and topped with cole slaw. I do like the pork ribs as well. The corn bread muffin is good, it's more like a cupcake than cornbread and I do prefer wedge fries which they have.The BF loves loves loves the rib tips smoothered in the "Devil's Spit" barbecue sauce, barbecue beans,cole slaw and corn on the cobb.The fried onions is a greasy but yummy appetizer and you can't go wrong with sweet tea with lemon-refreshing!!!!The kid's meal includes oreo cookies and finally they offer shrimp-YAY!!!This location is always clean,has fast service and with a full bar  it always feels like a party up in here!!!!!
2	We got a couple of pulled pork sandwiches that came with one side each. We got beans and potato salad. Very dissappointed the pork was so dry and the buns were semi hard. After dousing them with 21/2 packets of sauce it wasn't bad. The sauce was good but the sides weren't anything special. I can get the same at walmart. For the $ price I would go someplace else. $20 for everything. I guess the que for 2 would've been better. It will be long time before I come back.
4	Best Que I've had from a chain joint. I was a bit apprehensive at first but my fiends put me at ease and assured me of it's greatness. I learned two things that day, my friends know good bar-b-que, and I can eat more food than I thought.I got the brisket, chopped pork, beans on the side, fiery green beans, corn in the cob, and corn bread. It was a lot of food. I can't believe I ate it all. I washed it all down with a big beer that was at Happy Hour price. Right up my alley.Everyone was nice and helpful. I know I'll return again.
2	It's really annoying when your standing at the hostess stand and the hostess has her back to the door and is too busy chit chatting to acknowledge you're even there. It's even better when she finally does turn around and then rolls her eyes at you for interrupting her conversation.The foods good, the service ehh (depends who you get). Do yourself a favor, sit at the bar. You won't have to deal with the hostess and the bartenders are friendly.
4	yum! our first stop when we arrived at Vegas. My brother has lived there for 30 years so he knows the places to go to. The food was great and I loved the 100 calorie margarita! Maybe my favorite Margarita ever, too bad they dont' have Famous Dave back east :-(Great staff there too!  Oh and the sauces are yummy!
4	Love this place! The BBQ was great! I ordered the chicken wings and their sauce isn't spicy enough! (Yes, I went with Wilbur's Revenge and still could use more heat.) Service was great and we were seated and attended to promptly.Definitely recommend!
2	It's never good when you feel like you have to start a review with "where to begin."So...where to begin?Let's start with the service. If you haven't noticed, service is a big deal to me. I work in a service industry, I appreciate customer service, and I know what it takes to provide good service (most of the time it's just being nice - ya, that's pretty much it). The service at this establishment was very hit and miss. Our waitress, Stacie had moments where she was very attentive and nice and moments where she was quite possibly the most overbearing and annoying server I've ever had. Let's start with the bad. I understand that every server has a unique style that works for them. However, Stacie felt that it was necessary to call my wife and I "Young man" and "Young lady" every time she stopped at our table. She literally (no exaggeration here) said those phrases at least 25 times while we were eating there. I'm not sure how old she is, but certainly wasn't old enough to use this term. It just came across as obnoxious. I'm not 5, I'm not in trouble, and your not in a senior citizens home, so don't call me young man. Do you need a refill young man? Can I take your order young man? And you young lady? Anything else young man? STOP IT!!!! Stacie then asked us if "our food was delicious." Unfortunately it wasn't, and this bothered her. She managed that situation very well and it's obvious that she cares about the product coming out of the kitchen. For that I praise her, I just don't care for an overbearing, loud, obnoxious personality when I'm dining (unless I'm at Dick's Last Resort). Now to the food. We tossed around the idea of trying a few different restaurants. I'm sad we didn't pick the others. This was our second experience with Famous Dave's and it was equally, if not more disappointing than the first. I just don't see what others get out of this place. Their bbq sauces at the table might be some of the worst tasting sauces in the history of bbq. I ordered a pulled bbq chicken sandwich with a side of jalapeno mac-n-cheese. My sandwich was okay, the chicken was very dry though. The mac-n-cheese was awful. It tasted like they cooked the mac-n-cheese then just dumped the jalapenos in after everything was cooked. Not good. My wife ordered a grilled chicken sandwich. All I could smell was burned chicken. It came with nothing on it, the meat wasn't seasoned at all, and it was very overcooked. She ordered the slaw with it which she said was very good. The sandwich was boring, overcooked, and the presentation was very undesirable. Upon telling the server that the food wasn't "delicious." She sent over a manager. We appreciated him stopping by, and we were very honest with him. He did everything right and offered to replace my wifes sandwich. We declined and told him that this was our second experience here and we just weren't satisfied. He gave us various options but we decided to just stick with what we had and agreed that this would be our last experience at Dave's. Lucille's at the District is a much better BBQ option that Famous Daves. I'd rather just not eat than have to eat here again.Famous Daves...you are the weakest link...goodbye.
5	Best bbq on town. Desserts are delicious.
4	In every culture, the basic instinct to throw meat over an open orindirect fire is fundamentally ingrained in all. There is somethingdelicious about the char-grilled flavor and marks that have uscrawling back for more.I do not know what style of BBQ this is. Is it Memphis, Kansas City,Carolina, or Texas style? I am not sure, but it is appetizing. Thevariety of sauces are different in their own way. There is nothingmore disappointing than getting ready to try all the sauces to andfinding out that they do not have much distinction. My favorite is theWilbur's Revenge. It gets some brownie points for references to achildhood classic, Charlotte's Web. This is their spiciest and it doesnot hit you until the aftertaste.I was not hungry, but my dining buddy was ravenous, so we got theDave's Sassy BBQ salad and an order of 12 boneless wings. I know, whogoes to a BBQ joint and orders a salad. I would have agreed witheveryone who makes this statement, but there is something irresistibleabout this one. For being a basic greens salad, we opted for thepulled pork and then smothered it in the Wilbur's revenge made itthoroughly enjoyable. Normally, I shy away from over dressing a salad,but not here. BBQ sauce might be my kryptonite. The boneless wings arenothing special, just your run of the mill variety. For the $10, youare paying roughly the same price as Buffalo Wild Wings on BonelessThursday. If you are dining on any other day of the week, it is a gooddeal. If you want more options on sauces then go on Thursday to BWW.The prices are cheaper than Lucille's, but I will wait until I trytheir ribs before I start comparing. Two meats, two sides, and cornbread at Dave's cost about $10 dollars less than their competitor.
4	Can't go wrong with Dave's always tasty food. staff has always been good and the service fine. I really think I like their chicken the best.
2	On a not so busy weeknight, service was lousy. Host didn't acknowledge us, had a party of 5 and stood right in front of her. She did however notice the lighter skin couple next to us. Then it took the server 10 minutes to help us. Food was decent.
5	Yum! Yum!
4	A good server starts with good eye contact. Then he is dedicated to delivering requests promptly, with a hint of humor and a bit of rapport. So I'm giving the service 4 stars. Our party ordered the barbq fam feast platter with ribs, tri-tip, corn, cornbread, fries, coleslaw, etc.  Not a 5 rating because, unfortunately, the best thing on there was their wedge fries, fried to perfection. Crispy texture on cue. Ribs were not as juicy as I was expecting. And tri-tip tasty but a little dry that I needed to drench in devil's spit sauce. Ive probably enjoyed food at FD's a handful of times  but the food was mediocre for a 12:30pm visit. I'm getting the suspicion that this was last night's leftover food.
4	I went to Daves a few nights ago and got the new Hawaiian splatter.  It was great, chopped pork, ribs, chicken, 2 sides, corn on the cob and a delicious corn muffin.  They have five signature sauces which you are now able to taste with their home made fresh BBQ chips.  I have never been a big chip eater however I could have eaten a few pounds of those chips.  If they every decide to mass producer their chips as they have their sauces I would buy them by the case.
5	I love this place.  For the money, you can beat the quality and quantity of BBQ.  The brisket is very good.  Moist, tender, plentiful.  The sides and cocktails are always good.  Service is prompt and friendly.  There are multiple sauces to pick from and they are all pretty tasty.  I like things a little spicy, and the Devil's sauce is delicious.This is a very good place for kids.  It's casual and a little loud, so I don't care if my kid is a little loud too.  Nice atmosphere for a family to dine and it's a good time for the family.
4	FINGER LICKING GOOD!!! I love Famous Daves there food is sooo delicious! I usually order the 2 meat combo and get the Beef Brisket and the Chopped Pork and it comes with a corn bread muffin and corn on the cob and your choice of two sides i always order my meal with there Wilbur Beans and there Firecracker Green Beans for the side choices. Omg let me tell ya their Beef Brisket is so delicious the way they cook it makes it so juicy and tender my favorite dish here by far. I also like the Chopped pork but unfortunately that's hit or miss if its over cooked forget about it , it'll be to hard to even eat but when its fresh and they cooked it just right its very delicious and the sauce they use is mmmm good. The sides wow amazing i love the corn bread muffin that's usually demolished with the 1st 2 mins of me getting my plate and the beans are yummy. I always order their sweet tea to wash done my delicious meal. Now by the time I'm finished my stomach is sooo stuffed and i always over eat because there portions are very generous Ive tried taking food home but cant because the food is so delicious and mouth watering i cant stop eating lol.So even after being stuff i MUST order there Dave's Famous Bread Pudding.....OMG soooooooooo gooooooood its like an orgasm in my mouth when i eat this! The pecan praline sauce they use is mmm mmm good and its also served with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. Food is great, service is good, and the price is right, if you haven't tried Famous Daves you must eat here!
4	This place was pretty good for a "food chain." The prices are reasonable and the portions are HUGE! You will get your bang for your buck here. Our waitress was nice and made sure our drinks were constantly filled. I ordered the lunch 2 meat combo, for $8.99 you won't be disappointed. I ordered the brisket and pork ribs. My brisket was nice and moist, I wish the pieces were a slight bit bigger(and they might be w/ the dinner portion?) and the 1/2 rack of ribs were delicious! The corn bread muffin is to die for! Super moist and even better w/ honey!! I didn't care for their zesty pickles as they were sweet pickles turned spicy? The servers bring out a small bowl of bbq chips for you to try the 6 different bbq sauces on the table. My only complaint is that the chips are bbq seasoned so it's hard to really taste the sauces, it would be better w/ plain potato chips.
1	Went here Thursday night for dinner. My family ordered the family feast and substituted cole slaw for Mac n cheese. The waitress forgot to bring my fathers code to the tableland we had to request it after 10minutes. The food arrived and the corn was overlooked, the fries were cold and the meat was mediocre at best. I would only recommend this place if you like poor service and have no taste buds.
5	What needs to be said about  the food? It is BBQ. Hard to mess that up. What really gets me going about this place is the service. I am HUGE on service. The manager at this place roves and always has a smile on his face. That attitude rubs off on the staff. EVERYONE is there to help. No one seems put off when I ask for anything. My mother in law owns a house out there that we visit for the Thanksgiving holiday so I only visit this place yearly, but I go a couple of times every visit. That is how much I like it. Great food, Great service, and nicely priced. I will be back next year.
4	Excellent food, great service and very clean and friendly atmosphere.  Their "Famous Margarita" is one of the best we have found in Las Vegas.  We eat there regularly!
3	Heard about it and decided to try it while on a mini-vaca -- we ordered the BBQ feast served on the lid of a garbage can (a replica). I really liked the presentation, it was jaw dropping. A feast for about 2 1/2 people ----- a full slab of St. Louis ribs, a whole Chicken, 1/2 lb. of either Texas Beef Brisket or Chopped Pork, Coleslaw,  Fries, Mmmm good baked Beans, two corn-on-the-cob corn bread --- all we had left was two pieces of chicken and a few fries, we had to roll out of the booth. I have no complaints the food and service were very good! The price was reasonable for the amount of food they serve.  Tried the different sauces but I only liked the sweeter sauce. I can't wait to go back.
3	We stop at this place after driving from LA. Seeing at least a swarm of 100 bats flying around me made me get the munchies. Plus I ate magic cookie earlier so the experience makes the road trip more interesting BTW. I had the beef or pork brisket I can't remember exactly well haha. There's 4 different type of BBQ sauce. They should at least put the BBQ sauce on the meat while cooking, then I would of add more stars. This place is legit. Now it's time to party in Las Vegas during the Halloween weekend (Andrew WK style)
5	I went to Famous Dave's with my husband, parents and in-laws...all with different tastes. When we left, everyone was full and happy.Most of us ordered ribs, and they were a hit. the ribs came with 2 sides AND a piece of corn and a corn bread (lots of food for sure). I had the combo of ribs and chopped pork that was sooo tasty. The ribs are not super over sauced. However they have about 5 different sauces at each table from mild to "diablo" for everyones taste. So if you want to add more sauce...go crazy. My MIL had the turkey burger and also enjoyed it...so its more than just BBQ.  Everything everyone had here was good...from the sweet tea to the ribs, DEEELISH
2	I've been here many times. My friends and husband insist on dragging me here even though I don't really care for it. The staff is great, the restaurant clean, prices are comparable to other BBQ eateries. I just don't get the reason everyone raves about this place.I've had the ribs, the brisket, and the chicken...the chicken was the best thing I've had there. And it didn't need to drowned in sauce. Everyone around me saturates their meat in BBQ sauce, shouldn't the meat be delicious enough to enjoy as its presented?? I don't think their BBQ sauces are any thing special. Their corn muffins are pretty good, but their other sides leave much to be desired, and I've tried each one.  Their Sweet Mama's Punch is tasty , but I can't go and get a corn muffin and a gallon of punch...or can I?
5	The Shrimp appetizer was nice. Lots of shrimp, and flavorful. To my Taste anyway! I had a half rack of ribs and they were word class tender, fall off the bone wonderful. The server was delightful, and it is worthy of a stop if you are in need of BBQ - with six different sauces, there is at least one for everyone, and two or three for me!
5	Nothing says bbq like famous dave's. Now this famous dave is not the first one I attend. I have been to another famous dave's in Fargo, North Dakota. I can honestly says that its awesome all over again. From the phrase at the door, the server guidelines through sauces and the absolute fall of the bone ribs tastiness. Nothing say bbq quite like famous daves.Try the combo lunch specials with two items and a side. Or their delicious chilis or even their super fantastic briskets. Either way you will love it here. The only dowside here is your satan's spit sauce is not as spicy as Fargo's one. Come on, make it real spic!Y!!!
4	The brisket is by far the best I have ever had although it is not consistent.  They have very good service and the manager always visits every table to check on you. They are slowly but surly taking all the market share from Memphis BBQ
4	I was always a big fan of Memphis Championship BBQ but then I found Famous Dave's and haven't been there that often.There's the bar area to the left with what seems like a full bar and big screen TVs.  Main dining area in the middle, watch your fingers especially when their BBQ on them they might go missing.  And the To-go area to the right.The best part of Famous Dave's is their food of course.  And there's that email for a mystery birthday gift, just signing up for their P.I.G. club online.  The email usually doesn't tell you want you get but you can anything from desserts to the all-american bbq feast.  Still haven't gotten the all-american bbq feast but I'll continue to try as long as they keep sending me the email.I've had their hot fudge kahlua brownie talk about a dessert, yummy. Their wings are also really good especially when their dunked in that rich and sassy bbq sauce. Their BBQ ribs and brisket are good.
4	Best thing here are the ribs and Mac n cheese. When the ribs are falling off the bone tender (not always), it's the best. Devils spit plus Sweet n Zesty combination make the best sweet and spicy BBQ sauce. This is new Vegas tradition.
2	I used to LOVE Dave's, but recently this one has gone REALLY down hill. The food is usually consistant, but the service is always hit or miss. I've been sat in the bar a few times, and hate it in there. I usually always get good service in the resturaunt so I have asked to be sat in there when the hostess starts heading to the bar. Last week the hostess didn't listen and insisted on seating my husband and I in the bar. The resturaunt side always has us in and out within 35 minutes. The bar takes forever, no matter who is bartending. This time in the bar it took us 1:15 to eat and get out of there. We ordered chicken and pork off their new meal deals. The food is already smoked/cooked, so why on earth it took almost 30 mins to get food is beyond me. After finishing our food and putting our napkins on our plates, it took another 10 mins for the bartender to ask us about dessert, 10 more mins to get dessert, and after those were finishes, 10 mins to get out check. After another 10 minutes, I ended up walking my check up to the bartender to run our card. The bartender wasn't even that friendly on top of it. It was like the people eating bothered her. She had about 4 customers at the bar and there were 2 other tables eating. Not even that busy. I also assume the bartender was some sort of manager the way she barked orders to the other staff. Take a word of advice and eat in the resturaunt unless you plan of spending the day there and getting crappy service... Go 15 mins west to the Flamingo location or go 15 mins East to Lucielle's.
5	Food is great ALL the time and the customer service is out of this world...very fast and friendly staff. =)
4	The food was good here! The bbq pork ribs was the favorite of the meal! It's juicy and soft, the flavor was just so good, it's definitely different from any other places we've been to. Actually, their bbq pork rib was the best we've ever had so far!The beef brisket was soft and melting in our mouths. The corn bread was very tasty too, moist and soft. It's a great meal and we enjoyed the bbq meat a lot at Famous Dave's. We will come again.
1	My first one star review and I stand by it.Don't get me wrong i LOVE BBQ it probably one of my favorite foods but just not from Famous Daves.This review actually covers the 2 regrettable times I came in.I stopped by tocheck out FD with a couple of friends not too long ago. Walking in I thought the place looked horrendous, like a couple hill-billies had designed the place. But I know interior decor really is subjective so I don't really put too much thought on it but in my opinion this place is ugly.We ordered what I thought would be safe bets, beef brisket, ribs, pulled pork. The usual fare at bbq restaurants. What we got when food arrived could be be described as an insult to the BBQ gods. The brisket was dry, almost complete devoid of flavor other than a smoky/charcoal taste to it. The ribs should have been fall of the bone tender but instead had to be ripped from the bone. the pulled pork was good once completely drenched in their BBQ sauce. The BBQ sauce itself was another problem, I don't know what they use as their base (it doesn't taste like tomato) but its like water. I felt like I was squirting watered down store-brand BBQ sauce on my food. Not even the cornbread was good enough to garner another star here.The service was completely lacking again. I hate having to waive down servers to get refills, condiments, or the check. They should be making routine stops to your table make sure everything is as it should be.But I am not done yet...I came in about 2 months later to pick up a large take out order from work. (thankfully i was not paying for it) The food order was ready when I got there and the server (or whatever you call the to-go order people) was nice enough to throw in some extra corn bread and condiments. I guess it was to make up for the disaster that I was soon to uncover. I brought the food back to work, popped open the boxes and there was a collective "WTF" like response when everyone saw what was inside. The meat was burned. I am not saying over cooked, but i was burned. About 40% of each piece of meat was just pure tar and black ash. It couldn't even been eaten. I don't understand why a cook would do this! Its just plain mean! Our manager called FD back and totally bitched them out. I think she got her money back or a discount but seriously... I could probably get better BBQ at Albertsons. Def not coming back here.
3	3 stars because of mixed reviews.  Been here about 5 times in the last 12 months.  Half the time good service, the other not so good. Nothing bothers me more at a restaurant than a long wait when the place is dead.  I totally understand if service lags when the place is hopping, but not when it's quiet.  My last two time I've been here I got the same service.  Took a while to be seated and once seated, took forever to take my order.  Once you get your order in, the food doesn't take too long. So, you can't blame the cooks.  However, my bill arrived about 5 minutes after I got my food.  Talk about poor service. Take forever to seat you and get your order, but can't wait to kick you out.  This wasn't a one off thing.  Happened my last two visits here.  I would give this place less stars, but my belly left satisfied everytime. My Favorites Here. -Beef Briskets-Ribs-Corn Bread
5	Our favorite place for ribs! Every trip to Vegas includes a trip here! Consistent no matter which location you choose. I  had the St.Louis rib combo w/ rib tips, very good. For my sides I chose the baked beans and mashed potatoes.Service and food always good!
5	Best ribs ever!!!! We went on the reviews posted, figured we try it on the recent trip.  Wow the service from when you enter to when the you leave awesome.  I had the St. Louis ribs and brisket combo. The ribs awesome taste and you get to try the different sauces from original to hot.  The brisket was the most tender I ever had.  Laura was our waitress and she gave us the excellent service and very friendly.Had to buy the sauces to bring home.Need to add this to your stops in Vegas.
1	Why lord do they put corn in mac n cheese? Its mac n cheese. The staff are omg...listen people ok. The staff are rude and the food is just ok.  If your looking to break up with someone and u don't care about standers come here. Its like a joke...I kept thinking am I being punked? If this place was in my home town they would NOT be in business because in Memphis we know what real BBQ is. I ate samples of a lot of everything. The only good BBQ that they cook are the little wing dings. All the other meats were dried out and half of the meat they didn't even put BBQ sauce on the meat they bring u old mustard jars with they own BBQ sauce and they expect you to fix your own BBQ what a joke. Its not BBQ if they didn't apply the sauce while it was on the Grill. I give it one star because they went out of they way to earn it. I will try to check out different locations because its titled famous daves and I would like to see what is so famous about dave.
5	Always good!
4	I'm not a rookie of Famous Dave's - the BBQ here is great and the variety of sauces gives you something for everyone's taste. We weren't so hungry that we felt like pigging out so we ordered the two item special, added another side dish to it, and split the entire thing. They need to put more two person specials on the menu. The 2 for 2 isn't they anymore but I heard another table ask and was able to order it anyway. Ask questions about the side dishes. I must have missed in on the menu but they had two types of Mac and Cheese, one with jalapeno peppers. What a terrible addition to Mac and Cheese. When we asked about it they switched it for "standard" without a problem. No complaints at all about the service - first class every step of the way and always with a smile. The total was about $30 so they're not inexpensive. Although it doesn't have the outstanding taste of an outdoor BBQ with the the family recipe, their BBQ beef is always tender and delicious. I'll keep looking for the genuine BBQ taste, but until I find it we'll keep coming back.
2	Mediocrity has a pink ring.I'm seriously astounded that Dave is this award-winning pitmaster because pretty much everything I've ever had from here has been flavorless. The chicken, the ribs, the pulled pork, the sides - all of it.And BBQ is way too fattening for it to be worth it when it doesn't live up to expectations.To call Famous Dave's the Olive Garden of BBQ would be an insult to the Olive Garden.
4	I normally don't go to places like this but my family member wanted to go. I had a the grilled chicken sandwich with broccoli and cornbread. Needless to say, it was very good and the cornbread was amazin'. On top of all that, our waitress was such a sweetheart. xx
5	Bar-be-que is good in small doses since the flavor kinda gets overwhelming. Lunchtime called upon my friend and I and we were promptly seated and asked if it was our first visit. They ended up letting us try all the sauces they had and even gave us a bottle of our own ! They also offered punch cards and locations map. The food was flavorful and amazing. I couldn't have asked for a better satisfaction of my ribs craving after ordering a full rack of St. Louis ribs and chicken with rice, fries, apple somethings, and mashed potatoes.
4	Stopped here for lunch with my wife and the place was rather empty. Our waitress came over to greet us and suggested a bunch of the specials they were having for the day. She was great (Linda) about explaining ways we could get the best deals and also about what she thought tasted great. The food was delicious. I thought the Brisket could have been better but it was still tender.  The Mac and cheese and wings were also on point. But it was great getting fantastic customer service at our first stop while visiting Vegas. We may hit them up again before we live.
4	Lip Smacking good!   Prices are good and the fact it is a chain business the food is really consistent!
1	So, I'm not sure why this place was so terrible, but I'll try my best to explain. I'm a big Dave's fan, and this is the third location I have been to. First in California, then the one near the Galleria mall, and then this one. The first two were similar with atmosphere and nice dim lighting and delicious food This one.... Boy... It was almost like a school cafeteria with no privacy, extremely bright lights, and weird layout. Not to mention the food tasted like it was heated up in a microwave and not the usual fresh tender amazing meatI have not let this visit spoil my taste for Famous Dave's, however I will never return to this location
5	I've been a fan for years. Took my gf for the first time. And the waitress got her to try the BBQ sauce.. Ty Ty Ty.... We had a great time as always..thanks for bringing the catfish back.
2	The Ribs were fat and chewy, not real good.  Staff was friendly and the place was like a ghost town.  No one was in the place......  Second time in a row thae food was sub par!
5	LOOOOVE this place!! The sauces are absolutely amazing also. the food is awesome! deffintly coming back!!
4	Our last trip here was disappointing. Horrible customer service and bad food. For some reason or another the girlfriend wanted to stop here again tonight.There was a lot of improvements the food was top notch but customer service was still lacking.We were greeted and sat promptly but then it took the kid serving us almost 10mins to approach our table and take or drink orders. He must of had many tables as he disappeared for another 10 mins after delivering or drinks. So we were there over 20mins without placing an order. Once the food was delivered (feast for two and catfish) a few of the butter containers had fallen into the beans and Cole slaw. Not sure why we were presented our food in that fashion as we have no idea who/what last touched the butter containers before they ended up floating in our food. I guess its not that big of a deal since we would have touched them to open them up but it just wasn't the proper way to serve the food.The girlfriend pointed this out and we received an apology and were asked if we wanted him to take it away and we declined. Like I said we would have touched them to open them so we kept our feast.We asked for a to go box and containers for sides and the waiter was prompt in bringing them out but must have figured we were going to hand carry everything individually as no bag was brought to carry three items.Since they did bring the Catfish Fingers back and I was told they will be there for a while (they ordered new menus) I will be back!
4	Good bbq and reasonable prices. Love the sassy chicken salad and can get smalle portions at any time. The kids meals are well balanced and a nice treat. The family always loves bringing home some corn muffins for the next day.The service is very efficient and friendly.
4	I wanted to bring in lunch for clients who requested Famous Dave's. There were a total of 6 of us and this was the first time I had visited this location. For delivery the order needs to be a minimum of $150.00 so I called my order in for the All American Feast the day before and advised the staff I would pick up at 11:30 amI arrived just after they opened at 11:00 am and went into the bar area where the waitress was very helpful. Within ten minutes my order was ready to go and they included paper plates and utensilsThe lunch included a full slab of St. Louis-Style Spareribs, a whole Country-Roasted Chicken, 1/2 lb. of Texas beef brisket, creamy coleslaw, famous Dave fries, Wilbur beans, six pieces of fresh sweet corn and four Corn Bread Muffins. I added on to my order an additional two pints of sides - beans, slaw, 2 corn muffins and 6 cans of sodas. The food was put on a large tray with the exception of the sides which were packed efficiently. The food was a hit and tasty. Ribs were smoked and tender, brisket was yummy and chicken flavorful and moist. The sides were solid and the extra pints weren't even touched BC we had so much food. Actually the platter fed a total of 7 and was a great choice.My clients were happy, since it's difficult for entire staff to get out of the office and I was able to secure some orders! I would definitely use Famous Dave's BBQ in the future for lunch to go.
2	Worst service I've experienced. It seemed like our server was new.
3	Whats funny about this place is alot of things on the menu are good EXCEPT FOR THE RIBS! Dig into the traditional wings with the pineapple habenero and then add the Ultimate BBQ Burger with jalepeno bacon,cheese,bbq pork and you have a deadly combination. Sides like Wilbur Beans and Mac and Cheese are very memorable too.
3	I remembered Famous Dave's as being better than it was here. Although the service was very good, the food left me hanging. The burnt brisket tub sandwich was super tough and chewy and my side of Mac and cheese was bland and tasteless. Hubby's ribs were tough and disappointing. The only thing that they seemed to get fit were the fries. Which isn't reason enough for me to return.
3	Excellent place , Our waitress was the best !!!
1	Yankee  BBQ   everything i ordered had sauce on it, no spice at all, and so much sugar in all the food its a wonder everyone doesn't leave a diabetic .  no jalapenos . looking for wood pile out back, not one, i don't think they cook with wood.   folks if there is no wood pile its not real BBQ.
3	I have only been to the Famous Dave's in Henderson, so I kind of knew what to expect.  We were there early so there was no wait for a table / booth.  We were taken to our booth and given menus and a child's crayon set to keep her busy.Anyhow, we went through the menu and picked out what we were going to have.  We were greeted by our waiter who was extremely talkative.  He seemed to have a story about everything.  He was witty and efficient.  He takes our drink orders and came back to take our main dish order.  We ordered Brisket, Mac n Cheese and burnt ends.  Everything was alright, but not memorable.  There are other BBQ places in the valley that are much better.  And, worth the drive... But, if you are in a hurry and for convenience, this place is alright.
2	My wife and I ate at this famous Dave's and experienced the worst in the business. I took her out for her birthday in September 2013. The waitress was too busy talking  to who ever would listen to her sorry story, and when our food finally arrived 25 mins later, the meat was tough and vegies were cold. I sent a email to the corporate office and they had the general manager email us. When we called back, he didn't have time to talk, and had the service manager talk to us. She promised us that every thing would be corrected and promised she would send something to make up for our bad experience. We didn't expect anything, but nothing ever arrived from them and she never called back. BAD business practice.
4	Bad a$$ food!! Wish they sent out coupons, I would have eaten here sooner! Food was awesome, and service was speedy and friendly! Much better than other BBQ places for less $$!!
4	We had a great time, food was perfect. Friendly and fast service. Easy parking. We shared a salad and they splitted it in separate dishes at kitchen for us, so kind.
4	They have six different barbecues to choose from. Ordered the string onions for the appetizer and tried all the barbecues with it. My top two were the Rich and Sassy, and Texas Pit. Only thing I disliked was the bread wasn't toasted besides that everything tasted good. The beans were delicious.
4	It was our first time there as we were passing through LAS! We heard about this location on The Food Channel and stopped in around 8:00pm on a Saturday night. Being a "newbie" to this franchise, we choose a platter combination. Well, we can truthfully say we were impressed with the "2 Person Sampler Platter"! OMG it feed our party of 3 adults completely and we still had left overs. A great BBQ variety (pork, beef, chicken), corn-on-the-cob, fluffy corn bread, crispy/ hot French fries and their wide variety of sweet, hot and tangy BBQ sauces that were to everyone's liking. Service was on par and our waiter was always on top of everything.  Wish we had one in South Florida (Broward County) were we long for a new BBQ establishment (sigh) for it is a distance (+2000 miles) to indulge our monthly foodie carvings.Cheers!
4	Famous Daves has some of the best ribs if you order them the correct way.  Always ask for your ribs naked and center cut.  The sauce at Famous Daves is a bit much and really kills the great seasoning and taste of the ribs.  Try them once like this and you will never have sauce on them again.  The side orders, none of them seem great so I suggest you ask for the corn bread instead.  Service is great and I love the to go option.
4	Famous Dave's has surprisingly good ribs for a chain restsurant. Corp recently changed the menu and they only serve St. Louis style ribs, no more baby back ribs. The pulled pork is my favorite dish along with the burnt ends. The BBQ sauce is tasty & tangy and they have additional sauce selections on the table. I've never had the desserts, because I'm so full from dinner, but the brownie looks amazing! I definitely reccomend this place for your BBQ fix.
5	I'm surprised I never wrote a review about this place until now. I've been here tons of times as it's one of the only authentic southern/soul food/ribs/bbq places in Vegas. I am from the South (Georgia)... so this restaurant feels just like home as I believe DAVE himself started his restaurants in Georgia.Everything's great about this place from the food, to the friendly staff, to the decor. My suggestions (i.e. what I always end up ordering) are as follows:DRINK: Sweet TeaMEAT: Beef BrisketI've tried their nachos and fried pickles appetizers and they are both great.DESSERT: Their bread pudding is probably the best in the citySide note: This is one of few places that offers their own BBQ sauces and they are all on your table and you can pick and choose whatever you like right there! I prefer "Georgia Mustard" and "Sweet and Sassy"... I just wish I could find that "Georgia Mustard" sauce in my local grocery stores because I've seen just about all their other sauces in the grocery store(s)
4	the peeps here were nice. the food was yummy! hubby and i took leftovers since the portions we got were HUGE.
4	Beef it up Wednesday Brisket platter $9.99  came in last minute and the service was great but the food was cold. Has to send it back and reheat it but it was still tasty.
4	hot dang!!!famous dave's is really good when you want some quick bbq. i've been hear with a couple friends and usually get the hotlink. it's so yummy and delicious!!! Best time to go is during their lunch specials. most things are discounted down a couple bucks. i went for dinner a couple months ago and had the burnt ends, OMG!! so BOMB. they also had some chip they bring out with dinner. they are really good with the hot bbq sauce. they sauces is something i really like, they fit well with different things are should all be tried at least once. only reason they aren't getting a 5 star rate is their servers. when i can a couple months ago the gentleman that served us was very nice but not very knowledgeable about the product, he may have been new so he gets a pass. :P the lady that served us last week was nice enough to check on us but didn't really offer anything, no advice or extras.
2	It was one of the worst chain BBQ place I have tried. The side dishes was better than their meats.  A little over priced for what you get as far as quality.  All the meats we ordered was over cooked and dry, had to drown the meat with the BBQ sauce to get it down. Tried Dave's BBQ twice now just to make sure, won't be going back for a third.
1	Order our meal, the we waited 76 minutes we got fried pickles and that's it!  Very disappointing to sit and watch other parties get their food and not even a manager or the hostess never checked in or apologized for the lack of food.      We never got our food after 80 minutes we left, not a sorry, not any remorse to my wife and I.  We left and went to Taco Bell, got fast food, not the best, but we got what we ordered and people were friendly.    We won't be back for awhile, until some changes are made!   No more disappointments for us!
1	Hmmm....got to front door walked in nobody waiting. Handed a beeper...yes doesn't everyone hand you a beeper when its empty? Sat down and another couple comes in....another beeper handed out. Smartly after a few minutes they returned the beeper and left. Another 3 minutes I walk up lay the beeper down and announce were leaving. As were leaving the two girls chit chatting while we waited to be seated in the empty restaurant giggled with a customer as we left. Called manager 20 minutes later fuming at being treated so poorly...guess what...they were unavailable. ...not there on a Saturday night at 5 pm? Sad part is we've been there before and its been good. We will NEVER return. I will however contact the owner. Sad folks don't care when money walks out the door...
5	Craving some good barbecue cooking and didn't want to cook so we decided to drive over for Sunday dinner.  Shared the 2 person meal with ribs, chicken, corn, beans, fries, rice and cornbread.  Everything was tasty.  Service was great and fast.
5	Whenever I get the chance to visit Vegas, this is top on my list for "must eat here again" and it has never failed me yet.  We usually order the 2-3 person variety meal, and every item in it is delicious, with enough left over to snack on later at home.   Corn on the cob, fluffy cornbread, chicken, ribs, brisket, fries.... oh, there's no end to the deliciousness.   There are a variety of sauces on your table, from sweet to sassy, take the time to sample them all to find your favs.  And one of these days, i'll manage not to eat so much that I can't try a desert afterwards, because they look great as well  :-)
4	There's one by our house so we always come to this location. Service is fast and food is consistently good. Their corn bread is to die for and I'm trying not to eat more than one cause I would not enjoy my delicious BBQ. Love the shredded pork and the burnt ends. This is where we go to when we crave for BBQ
5	Gotta see the cussing waiter, it's like having dinner and a show!   Great service and the happy hour specials are on point!
5	Great food great service great prices.  Had ths georgia pulled pork with devil spit sauce
1	I have been here several times now and have been thoroughly disappointed every time. Let me tell you what's not good since I haven't found anything worth eating. The catfish is bland soggy and fishy. The brisket is dry dry dry and overlooked.  The ribs (St. Louis not baby back) were dry and overlooked...  The chili is weird....  Don't know how else to describe it.  The bar didn't have a top shelf. Sorry. The best thing they have is the corn bread muffins. Those are good actually.
5	On our vacay to Las Vegas but had to take a moment to tell y'all how much I freakin' loved this place. Delicious food and friendly staff inviting decor my husband and I ordered a BBQ combo plate brisket and burnt ends burnt ends were our favorite great sauce and yummy sides we ordered beans macaroni and cheese potato salad and cornbread all were good great weekday specials too cheap beer wish we had one in the sacramento area we definitely give it two thumbs up we may go back before we head home
3	Pretty good but not the best.  Our server tried hard to be helpful but they appeared to be understaffed.  The "manager" came by and apologized without our complaining, it was a bit odd.
5	service is always great, but that food is just amazing. bbq and cold beer what else do you need. stop in and enjoy
4	We had to wait five minutes to get seated but apart from that we had a great evening with fantastic BBQ.
3	I'm giving it 3 stars, but probably won't go back.  Food was OK, but nothing to rave about.  Service was surprisingly slow, even though it wasn't crowded and they seemed to have enough staff.  Nothing specific I could put my finger on, but it was slow.  Not sure why my redneck friends rave about this place so much.
2	Bloody Mary is a pre made nastiness. I had the BBQ chicken with green beans and Mac and cheese. The chicken was ok thanks to the descent BBQ sauce. The Mac and cheese was different, it had corn in it. This wouldn't be one of my favorite places to eat.
4	Just had dinner and it was so good. .. enough to bring home too. . Only question was I got an e-mail saying Q for 2 $19.99 when we got the bill it was $23.99 plus drinks? Next time we will print the offer out
3	Famous Daves was solid.  Ordered pick up and food was ready in ten minutes so that was cool. I had ordered the country chicken and catfish sticks combo with sides or Mac and rice, food tasted good bur portions seemed light for the price.
4	Dave, you're the man.  Ribs, chicken, rib tips, brisket, whatever it is... it is delicious.  I'm sure he could smoke a piece of cardboard and it would taste good.  I have never been disappointed with anything I ate here. So many choices.  I usually go with a few people and we end up ordering the feast.  We always leave stuffed and enough leftovers for the next days lunch!!  I would call that a good value.They had a new sauce last time I went, Ghost Chili BBQ sauce.  Very spicy, but oh so delicious!!  This sauce alone warrants a visit. The food is consistent, always done well.  Our waiter Dave was on point.  Did a great job refilling drinks and making sure we were doing well.  In my opinion, whatever you order, you won't be disappointed.  I won't get crazy and say this is the best BBQ I ever had, but always left stuffed, happy, and satisfied.
3	My husband and I are visiting from Rhode Island and we both thought it was just OK. The st Louis ribs were fair and the marinated tips had lots of bones. The burnt ends had great flavor but just OK. I would go back but would try something else. Cute place great staff.
5	Havnt been to a famous Dave's in over 5 years and I wasn't disappointed eating here again! We got the feast for two which was Amazing! Brittany was our server and she was the best! Best service, best food!
5	Excellent service almost everytime I come here. When I am hungry and can't think what I want to eat I always end up here. Everything on the menu is awesome and your food usually arrives within 10 minutes of ordering. I put Devil's Spit sauce on everything.I recommend ordering the feast for two or feast for four so you can try everything. Don't forget to order sweet tea also.
1	We stopped here for lunch yesterday (8/23/14).  We were seated in a booth, and waited for our server.  After about 10 minutes, a young woman came by and said "I'll be right back".  Then she proceeded to go to the hostess stand, look at something, stand there awhile; when the hostess came back, she started a conversation with her - and never even acknowledging us again.  Not even a glass of water.  We waited at least 20 minutes for something to happen (and they were not crowded, there were only about 10-12 tables filled in the entire restaurant).  Finally, since she decided her conversation was more important, we left.  She saw us leave (after all, she was conversing with the hostess) and didn't even apologize.  There is no excuse for bad service in ANY restaurant.  Guess there wasn't a manager on duty to monitor.
4	Stopped in for a quick bite during lunch. Came in wanting Burnt Ends but the server recommended the Texas Beef Brisket. After the first bite of this smokey, well seasoned brisket I forgot I was eating at a chain. Friendly service and a very fair price.
5	BBQ!! One of my favorite foods! Now, Famous Daves is very good.....for a national chain BBQ joint. GO ON TUESDAYS!! Its Big Slab Tuesdays.....$18.99 and you get the XXL Slab, Corn Muffin and 2 sides. Seriously, its enough food for 2 people. I have had most items on the menu, and I think Famous Daves does justice to BBQ food in general. I have NEVER had a bad experience, so that merits 5 stars in my book. There are various daily specials and "Happy Hour" specials too.
4	They've got a great 2 for 1999 special food is good good BBQ and the special easily will fill you up and to pay for that price you wil most definitely come back for more
4	***My 100th review***I LOVE bbq, so when my bf suggested we go to Famous Dave's for dinner Halloween night, I was game! Because it was Halloween, there was no wait and we were seated right away. We decided on the feast for 2, priced at $39.99 and comes with a LOT of food. Half a rack of spare ribs, half a chicken, and your choice of either pulled pork or brisket, we chose pork, corn on the cob, cornbread muffins, potato wedges and 2 sides, we chose beans and mac and cheese. The food came out within 15 minutes and I was surprised at how much food there was! We happily dug in.My favorite item I had was the ribs. They were perfectly smoked and tender and the meat was almost falling off the bone. The chicken and pulled pork were tasty as well. The beans had pieces of bacon in them and were delicious. The mac and cheese had corn and jalapenos mixed in, which was different but good. I really like the different bbq sauces they have sitting at the table for you to use with your meal. They have 5 of them from sweet to inferno spicy. My favorite is the Georgia Mustard, its a vinegary sauce and its tangy and delicious on the different meats. We didn't even come close to finishing everything and had plenty to take home for the next day. Our server was awesome, I forgot his name but he was attentive and friendly. I would most definitely recommend this place, and will be back in the future, especially for the feast for 2.
3	Good but not great.  Lacks attention to detail.  Like buns so so, beans so so and so it goes.  Like I said good but not great.Would go back after 6 months to see if food has improved.
1	We came because the reviews and pictures looked pretty good. Food was horrible. I got brisket and it was dry almost like jerkey and no flavor. Macaroni was almost like a soup. My husband got the ribs and it tasted like jerkey as well. The best thing out of the whole meal was the corn bread muffin. We will never go again. If I could I would do no stars.
2	This experience was just meh! I have experienced much better.  The drink menu is a joke! You just have to guess how much a soda, beer, or mixed drink will cost you...there are no prices listed anywhere for the drinks.  I wanted a Bloody Mary but wasn't sure if I would even like it here.  The rib tips we ordered had so many spices on them I had to scrape it off with my knife...they were inedible to me.  The cole slaw was great and so was the service.Won't be coming back here...highly disappointed. : (
5	Years ago, there was a place called Trader Vic's in Beverly Hills.  For all it's kitsch, those who tried their in-house smoked "spare ribs" knew what good ribs were.  They were lean, tasty, and typically never served in plentiful enough quantities.I visited my brother and mother in Nevada over this past Thanksgiving. Typically when I see my brother, it gives us an opportunity to eat meals we don't normally eat.  This time he said "I've gotta take you to Famous Daves!"  Usually my brother's judgement is questionable, but not on this day.  He was 100% right, and for the rest of the night, I was thinking about how delicious those ribs were.  I will be back.  I may even go to the nearest one to me, which is nearly 45+ minutes away.These ribs were incredibly lean, moist and flavorful.  The finest ribs I have ever eaten.  Seriously.
5	The food was really good and the service was amazing!   I can't think of a place with better waitresses.   The ribs,  bbq chips and g grilled pineapple were all very tasty.
5	Always a favorite of mine! I usually get a half thing of ribs with their spicy mac & cheese. Of course you can't forget the delicious cornbread! Mouth is salivating just thinking about it. Staff has always been friendly and usually quick about getting my order. There have been rare occasions that i had to signal someone to fill a drink.
