2	Oh Sandbar I am sooooo confused. Do people come here to eat, drink, or dance?!?!?! It was Saturday night, the line was wrapped around the building which is a joke because you do not want to WAIT to be in this place!!! Security everywhere and cops in the parking lot just waiting for someone to get rowdy. Very welcoming as if the President were here with the Secret Service!?!? I did not want to wait!! Where theres a will, theres a way!! We walked up to the VIP line (Yes theres a VIP line at a "Mexican Grill") they let our group right in it helps if your group is no males and cute girls of course ;) No cover for ladies thank god I'd never pay to come here!!So we get in and head for the bar theres a wait of course!! We get our first round and look for a place to get comfy for the night. We got lucky and found a large dirty table in the corner where we could watch everyone from afar. We also got the cute waitress that didnt know how to clean tables go figure. Do not try to get on the dance floor here it is the dumbest thing you can do unless you want to feel like a sardine in a can, then by all means dont let me stop you!! The music I must say is ghetto fabulous with all the rap and I can not count how many times I saw the Pussycat Dolls on the screen. Great dancing music if say this were in fact a dance club!?!? The grill smell I had to endure all night and bring home with me on my clothes does have me curious about the food here so I will return but only during the day when this place is not cluttered with security and is somewhat less amusing to my senses.
3	This place has a ton of flat screens around the bar and throughout the restaurant, with a huge projection screen in another raised enclave.  There is an outdoor bar with surrounding tables but I didn't notice any tv screens outside.  The seats @ the indoor bar suck, so I lobbied for a booth.  (The bar seats were like retro, high chairs that lacked a back you could lean into a lil too high, even for my legs).Happy hour included a few 1/2 priced appetizers that the waitress highlighted.  She also provided a thorough explanation of speechless communication that would ensure our miller lites continued.  If you face the empty bottle @ the end of the table with the label facing outward, she'd pick up the empties for replacement.  I only forgot about this rule once & received a fresh bottle while I still had a 1/4 bottle left.No clue how much the beers were but the deal seemed pretty good, since we had @ least 10 beers & an appetizer for $30.  The folks there seemed to run a tidy & expedient little operation and overall my experience was a'ight.
5	So I've been to Sandbar like a million times in Scottsdale but I have never been to the one in Peoria, AZ. I have 1 friend who is always bugging me to go to "her side of town." I decided to venture out there the other night and it was totally worth it! Every night of the week has different drinks and dinner deals. We went on a Wednesday which was open mic night. It was so cool watching different bands and people singing their songs. After that they had their resident DJ (which they do several nights a week) and he was awesome. It was so fun to get out of the usual scene. There is always something new and exciting going on so I'll go back for sure!
4	This place is always a good time. You can expect a good crowed and fairly inexpensive drinks. The staff is good at being quick with your orders. Once you get a little liquid courage in you they also have a decent dance floor. When the night winds down they have a kitchen with a decent menu to take care of those cravings. If your on the westside be sure to check this place out.
4	The place was pretty large, meaning that there was plenty of elbow room.  There's sand on the floor for the outside and a wading pool for the hot days.  There are many private areas in this bar, so if you wanted a private party (sort of), it'd be a good place.  A wide range of music is played here, with music videos played for the songs.  Kind of cool, there are seats at the bar, stools with tables for high seating, couches, restaurant style seating, it's a place for everyone.  I wish I got on the dance floor, but I was talking to my friend I haven't seen in years!
4	I took the wife and kids here for happy hour/dinner.  We experienced friendly, great service.  They brought us a huge bucket of chips that I couldn't even finish.  The rest of the food was tasty and portions were large.  Not a bad place to stop for a snack and a beer.
4	My teenage son and I met my mom there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  We sat at the bar outside and enjoyed the very casual, laid back sandbar area.  We ordered the Carne Asada tacos, the Veggie tacos and the Mexican Cob Salad.  The great:The Veggie Tacos were phenomenal!!  I'm not even a huge veggie taco fan but they were crazy good.  Perfectly grilled and seasoned portobello shrooms, grilled peppers and onions, fresh guac and some sprouts on top - but the kicker was the "tortilla".  At first we thought it was a rice paper tortilla but then figured it out that it was simply an ultra thin slice of jicama!  How freakin' cool is that??The salsa!  It was the best.... after our own homemade salsa.  Tasted fresh, had a smooth kick at the end with a great roasted flavor to it.  and the chips that came with it were crisp and thick.The good:My salad!  Yummy mixed greens (real lettuce, not romaine or iceburg), roasted corn, jicama, tomatoes, paper thin shredded carrots, black beans....i had them hold the bacon.  But it was a great combo, good size and filling.The OK:  The carne asado tacos were ok.  Nothing special.  There were 3 small flour tortillas with ok seasoned, ok cuts of steak.  If you wanted rice & beans it was an extra $3.  meh.Overall - I would come back.  The food was an the upside of good and the ambiance is pretty cool.
4	I don't get to make it over to this side of town very often, but when I do I always try to stop in to the Sandbar. All Sandbar's are set up the same inside and out, mini pool by the from entrance, sand around the bar outside, private cabanas, and dance floor inside. The dance floor at this one is a bit bigger than the one in Scottsdale I think which is nice. They have tons of specials all the time, great DJ, and usually get the UFC and Boxing fights on pay-per-view. The staff is awesome and always takes care of everyone. They also through a pretty awesome party for Cinco De Mayo, with live bands and contests. If you are over their you should defiantly stop in, have some fish taco's and a corona and tell Kelly that Aimee H. sent you! :-)
5	LOVE this bar/restaurant. first, it's extrememly cool with an indoor and outdoor venues. they open a large glass wall so you feel like you are part of the outside. the inside is full of beautiful large tvs from every angle for every sports lover. it's done in a tropical them. the outside has a large bar with seating on all four sides of the bar. there's numerous tables outside, private cabanas, misters, dirt all over the floor, and a grill where they cook up chicken and carne asada tacos. it resembles an indoor / outdoor restuarant/bar that you would exprience in the tropics. they have happy hour every single day til 7pm. they have reduced priced appetizers for $5 each including my favorite calamari. if you like your wings hot, and i mean hot, this is the place for you. the wings are much larger then most places. they have a full menu ranging from mexican food, american food, and seafood. their drinks are cheap. bottles on happy hour are $2.00. mixed drinks are also reduced. all of the food i've gotten here is good. the appetizers are awesome and i generally go for the reduced priced appetizers. so, it;s a very cool place. tropically themed. you can sit outside in the misters and feel like you're on a beech. they have different specials every day including $1.50 tacos, $5 angus burgers & fries, and others. Go here for the good cheap food, cheap beers $2.00 and catch a game on one of their many large tvs. this is my favorite spot and i'm never disappointed. you also don't need to reserve a private cabana. there are comfortable couches and chairs in the cabanas with private tvs. the outside is very cool. you really do think you're in the tropics somewhere.ok, new update as of today, sept 15, still love this bar/restaurant, however, they stopped having their reduced priced appetizers on saturdays and sundays. this is one major reason i love this place since alot of bars/restaurants don't do 1/2 off or reduced appetizers on weekends. they stopped because of football. still have their specials during the week. so, during a sunday game, i'd go to rt osullivans, 35cent wings, cheap drinks, giant tvs, another 5 star place.
2	Went to see a movie with the hubby today and decided to stop and get some lunch before,we had a choice between the sandbar and blu burger, I made the wrong choice! Dont get me wrong ive been to the sandbar at night on the weekend and I loved it but I didnt eat anything those times and frankly I didnt even know they served food during the day.Anyways so we show up and its kind of weird looking around this place while its light outside! But we are seated at a booth by the kitchen.....I hate sitting by the kitchen! not because I think im better than anyone else but because I dont like people looking at me when I eat, I usually have food falling out of my mouth or something when the servers look at me lol.I ordered the chicken chimi and the hubby ordered a steak burrito, they both came with rice and beans, I thought we would get some chips and salsa to munch on but that didnt happen,the drink glasses are big so you dont have to get a million refills.when our food arrived I looked at it and knew it was going to be horrible.the chimi had no sauce on it and just a little bit of melted mozzarella cheese on top....mozzarella on mexican food? then I looked at the rice and laughed,the rice they use is like the lipton mexican rice you get in the grocery store,I actually think thats what they use! the beans were flavorless and had more mozzarella cheese on them, come on people! the chimi was ok,not very much flavor and not very good.Now there are mexicans cooking this food I wonder what they think about this.the hubby liked his burrito though......not much coming from him though because he liked the rice! my hubby is a total white boy and im guessing thats why he liked it! Now im white also but I lived with a mexican family for 6 years so I know what REAL mexican food is and that  is what I expect when I go to a mexican restaurant,That didnt happen here and I will never go back here.....to eat that is!  so if you like totally Americanized mexican restaurants you may like the sandbar but if you actually know what real mexican food looks and tastes like your going to be very very disappointed with this place!
4	Kelley is Awesome. I gave her a text as we rolled up, we were met at the door, and cruised in with no cover. This place was popping! Not really my thing anymore...too young, and too much volume (not the music, just the flow of drinks and people). We went to the bar and right as we were ready to order, a young woman asked me what my name was, I said Toby, and she replied to her friend to her left...It is him! Crazy I knew her friend from 10 years earlier. She goes remember me, I said yes, married to Andre, 2 kids, and nice to see you again. She replied, Divorced, Andre is an asshole, and great to see you again. We met up with Kelley again in the sand, by the water, to hook her up with a shot for being so cordial. Like I sais...not my scene any longer. My buddies had some good drinks, we left one there, and we moved on. Overall it was good. We had a few tacos from the taco dude, they were very taste at 12am.
3	Friday night, meting a several friends for a drink. They had a live bad and the weather was great. That was the good of it. The server, while nice, was slooow and the drinks were weeeeak. The prices are average, which makes a bad combo. Once the band stopped and the house music started it pretty much killed the fun. Was not a fan of the food last time but neglected to eat this time.
5	This place was absolutely rocking last night! My group and I dressed up to attend the Zombie Carnival and enter the costume contest. We played Sandbar Jenga that was made for GIANTS out of sliced 2x4's, popped some balloons on the dart board to win prizes and received all of our first drinks on the house! This is my 5th time coming here for the night life and I love how this place is totally relaxed and spacious. In that sense I mean, there are always plenty of people to keep a great vibe going all night long, but I don't bump into them every 5 seconds or get drinks spilled on me. It's a win-win!I agree the dance floor is super small, but why do you need that? You can dance anywhere! They always have cheap drink specials $2, $3 and $5 and offer penny drinks between certain times. It's been a while since I tried the food here, but I remember it being good. I love that the outside is part of the inside... or inside part of the outside and they have an all night taco stand.Oh and I dropped something on the dark floor, Kelli, one of the managers brought me a flashlight right away. I must say she was wonderful and is quite good looking!
5	This place is amazing! I have so much fun every time I go to The Sandbar. They have some of the best events held here. This Halloween they had a costume contest and games where you can win prizes, and they even had turkey bowling around Thanksgiving last year. Also during the holidays they make some of the best drinks that go with that specific holiday theme,  they are so delicious! The food here is also very good, I really enjoy getting their tacos here, they taste absolutely fantastic! The service is really great, everyone seems really friendly and very quick to serve. Kelli, one of the managers that work there is super cool. She is so friendly and helpful, and is a mega hottie! If you are looking for a place with a fun atmosphere, and to get awesome drinks and food, The Sandbar is the place to be! Also they even have a short bus that takes people to and from Cardinal games! How awesome is that!
3	I'm giving this place a solid 3 stars simply because its all over the place and I can't choose between love it and hate it.Been here as a club- mostly love. Fun, very relaxed, good times. As a restaurant- oh boy. Used to come for $1 tacos on sundays to watch football, had a blast!  Knew a particular server so service was attentive. Then I went one day.. food tasted different. Went again- food not so good and higher prices? Not a good sign. Went last night to sit and watch the Cards get their ass beat (I'm a fan, but cmon.. this year its been handed to us)Ok- hot bartender. Stiff drink. Fries. Lots and lots of screens to watch us lose on. These were the positives.Druunnnkk guy hitting on me @ 7 and us losing the game (not Sandbars fault). A new sandwich that had: terrible bread falling apart, beans, lettuce, tomato, onion, pineapple, avocado, queso fresca, chicken, ham, and some sauce. Wow. Dear God, refine this sandwich before it makes its way onto the menu. Way too much going on. These were the negatives.The couple ever so quietly getting it on in the bathroom so it actually took me a few moments to realize what was happening? Undecided. Not gonna lie, it kept a smile on my face for awhile.Ill be back, I like the atmosphere. Ill just try not to be hungry
2	Great tea and chicken chimi, unfortunately it stopped there. First of all the seats are horrible and pitch you forward causing you to have to put your feet up on the table rail to push yourself back onto the seat. We got our drinks, ice tea for both of us, very fresh brewed tea. As a matter of fact, some of the best ever. Then the guacamole came out...not bad but nothing great, wouldn't get it again. Next came the entrees. Chicken chimichanga, Spanish rice, guacamole, black beans and lettuce & tomatoes. Let's go down the list. Chicken chimi: excellent. Spanish rice: inedible. Guacamole: had gone bad, why on the same order one is good and one is bad is beyond me. Black beans: under seasoned, didn't eat 'em. Lettuce & tomatoes: didn't even try it, got one piece of lettuce with a bite of chimi and it was sour.Now on to the staff. Our waitress was adequate but the wait staff and bar staff on a whole stood around and talked way too much to each other. One of the cooks did little more than talk on his cell phone while waiting on orders. The girl working with him had to literally yell at him in order to get his attention so that he would work.I won't be going back. If it weren't for the chimi I would have given 1 star.Update: The assistant manager contacted me and offered coupons to come back or refund my money. I couldn't bring myself to get the coupons to go back nor could I justify getting my money back because then I would feel obligated to go back. No change to my rating, I just thought it fair to let others know that they do seem to care that they get bad feedback.
4	Sand between my toes...tents with TVs...I don't care if it's by heavy traffic near the 101, this place knows how to deliver in the atmosphere department.At night, Sandbar is a dance club. Not my type of scene, but despite the narrow space, this place gets packed. Yes, there will be some cute airheads. Pop your collar and walk right in!During the day is when this place really shines. The $2 beers from 3-7 every day, along with the $5 appetizers is just great. Between slamming some Dos Equis, my friends and I enjoyed some miniature chimis and some tasty calamari. Their appetizers come out so fast, I almost had to question if they were made in advance. They were far too hot for that!There are some entrees on the menu, but I'm sure they're on part with Chili's or a similar restaurant chain. Nothing about the food is fancy, but it won't be gross, either. This is as close to the beach as you're gonna get in this Phoenix.
4	Actually, not bad. Unlike MacFadden's (the other dance spot) this place has a disignated dance floor, so you're not fighting your way through drunk people flailing their arms to get to the bar. Drink prices are better than Westgates, Carne Asada tacos for drunk munchies, and a beach-like environment... Good music too.
4	Next stop! The SandBar "cervezas buey!"Dance club at night, relax during the day time. Its Bi-polar goodness!Rolled with my friends and the 'tenders were professional and according to my one of my friend were all "7up's." As long as they can make my drink strong and quick its "Sigur Ros phenomenal."  4friends, 4 partons, and 4 hours later the dance floor was too small for us! Minus the midlife crisis'ers it was worth the drive. Great place to visit when in Phoenix.Hint: its ok to bring sandals, you may want to feel the sand between your toes, good touch Sandbar.  +the Scottsdale SandBar brings a larger crowdR\_
4	Always good food, the waitress did tell us that because they've gone "corporate" they had to change their salsa.  That was disappointing because I really liked their old style better.  Drinks are very well poured and atmosphere is always a blast.
1	It was sad ,  the server was the slow  , she so busy talking to the bartenders that she forgot us.  She finally remember us to take our order. It took 10 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 to get our food.We finally got our food. The tacos are just o.k.  nothing big at all. The salsa was blah . I just couldn't believe why they call mexican grill because it wasn't not here. I was not impress at on.
4	I totally dig the outdoor bar, sand, puddle and the crew.Happy hour, misting spray, and mini chimi's too, YUMMY!The manager can be a tool at times but overall this place is a cool hang. If your over 35, you may want to stay away from Friday nights. However, the special events, UFC, Cinco De Mayo, Etc, are awesome.
2	Pretty much just like Salty's but a little better, minus the sand volleyball. Half the it is outside, its got some sand and little toddler pool thingy.  I think the cover was $6, mixed drinks $8, shots $5, beers $3. If you order tequila and they ask you what kind, don't say surprise me. Dude, gave me some nasty tequila idk what kind it was but I've never hated tequila before, and smelled funny too. One bartender girl (a blonde with short hair) was rude she kept making weird faces when I walked up, ordered, and when I was talking with my friend, like I was offending her with my prescience idk what her problem was (maybe she had tourettes ?).  So my next drink I went all the way to the other side of the bar where all the crowds were to order. The dance floor is like a tiny pig pen thing that people cram themselves into, their all sweaty and bumping into each other, it sounds hot, but its quite funny to watch.  If a waitress comes around offering shots for $3 bucks don't bother they are super weak, not even tasty either. I did see a couple cute girls tho. The outside area offers a good place to talk with friends.
2	Food was good.  Service very slow, even on slow monday afternoon!  Had 4 Cabo Wabo Margaritas & not pleased w the fact that i dont even have a buzz.  $80 bill & no buzz=2 stars.  I mean u shld really kno how to make a descent margarita for a "sandbar.".  Ambiance was ok.  Expected more sand.... & shade.
3	We heard this was a happening place so we had to try it. We tried lunch so there wasn't much going on. The food and service were just average.
3	Great happy hour place for fun and relaxation for co-workers .  It is pricey if you go before happy hour starts.  They occasionally have live music too if that is your bag (not mine).  But not bad for being located in the middle of nowhere.
3	i loved the decor of the place, it's laid out well.I enjoyed the hefty serving of guac but the salsa needs some serious work.  Tasted like tomatoes and vinegar, bleh!  Happy hour prices are pretty reasonable for the area.  Ladies night is nice but kind of a slow/boring night.Word to the wise!!!  DO NOT PARK DOWN WIND OF THE MISTING SYSTEM!!!  My car was coated with junk. Made driving in our bright AZ sun kind of scary!!I had to take it to be professionally cleaned to get the film off my car.  Major buzz kill
1	Poor service at front! Went in for dinner at 6  and was told by hostess that there's no availability because of reservations for fight at 730! No other options given ...would rather turn away customers that would most likely be done with dinner by 730!
5	One of the few places I will go on the west side and, of course, I'm about to tell you why.First off, it's not at Westgate.  People have been shot and kill partying at Westgate.  Who wants to go there?  Not me.  I love my life!!  If you're headed to a Cardinals game and don't want to pay a ridiculous amount of money for a parking pass nor tailgate at Westgate where people die, you should go to the Sandbar.  There's free parking at the fancy Park West shopping center AAAAAAAND the fine folks at Sandbar will escort you in their bus over to stadium when you've had your fill of build your own bloody Marys and tacos.  Don't worry, they'll pick you up from the game and bring you safely back to your car.Speaking of the bus, if you live nearby, you can call and have them pick you up and take you home.  Now that's a classy bar.  They're concerned about your good time and safety.Depending on the night, or day, you go, you can totally get a different vibe.  Up for a crazy night of dancing?  Go on a Friday or Saturday night.  Feel like chillaxing on a patio?  Go during happy hour.  Feel like some karaoke?  There's a night for that too.  There's even great live music during Friday happy hour. It's safe, friendly, the margaritas are strong, the vodka is well priced, the tacos are yummy... It's a good thing I don't live closer or else I'd probably never leave.
3	This place is okay to have a drink and do a little bit of dancing. The service can be slow sometimes and the food is okay. Overall, it's not a bad place to go to just hang out and be mellow on a Friday or Saturday night.
3	OK I am reading alot of good reviews about the Sandbar and I love the atmosphere. But what happened to the food?  Got the Mexican Cobb with the mixed greens. Since when was iceburg lettuce considered mixed greens? Oh well it was good at least.  My friend got the turkey melt with cold hard bread that banged the plate. And the fries were not only cold but hard and hollow on the inside. How can you mess up a french fry?  I have to admit I hardly ever complain but with food like that I will have a hard time coming back for more.  Sorry Sandbar, please kick up the menu for yummy treats and I would like to give you another try.
5	yes this place is always a good time and great managers.
2	Was here for drinks on a Saturday night.  They had a live band.  OMG, it is was loud and they were so not GOOD.  No wonder why people were sitting outside of the bar in the cold and without bartender service.  After our first and last drinks, we went home.
1	Not so great service. RESEATED twice without consideration to inconvenience. Moved out into the cold like cattle with drunks breaking glasses and throwing chicken wings. Highly doubt there will be a second visit.
3	My friends and I stopped by here one Friday before heading to a movie. Unfortunately it was the same night as the UFC fight and they almost didn't let us in until we promised them that we weren't staying for the fight and we'd be outta there before our "reserved" table was needed by the person who reserved it. The service was nice but slow which is funny because they were adamant about the fact that we needed to be out of there before 7.  The drinks were weak which was disappointing. The nachos were delicious though and the dinner selection was pretty good although it's obvious that the main stay of this place is the bar. Overall, it wasn't too bad and we'll probably go back another day when there's not a fight. :)
4	I don't like big crowds, so I go to this place off hours for the food. I have been there three times, and had take out once. I enjoyed the food and never had any problems with the service.  Love their nachos and fish tacos.  I see lots of younger reviewers liking the crowds, music, and happy hour fun, but the food is good too! Of course, the service is going to be slower when the place is jammed.  We attempted to go on a Friday and it was too crowded, so chose another restaurant.  But, we still will go when we don't see the crowds, for their good food.
1	Stay away from this place. The GM is a complete dick. He kick me out because his buddies crashed out cabana we asked them to leave, they started to fight with us and we get kicked out. Screw this place and don't waste your money or your time at this place!!!!!!Needless to say because of this we took our business elsewhere for a birthday party and had a better time.
2	I have been coming here every Friday to happy hour and listen to  the live band. They always have the tables outside reserved and the place is empty??? WTF? Went there for Cinco de Mayo and paid $5 for cover, went to the outside tables, which were empty and reserved for 2 hours later and we could not sit there? Pissed me off and left and got our money back. Not going back again. What a joke...
2	We passed by the Sandbar & it looked cool & fun so we decided to stop by for dinner with our family. The previous reviews are right, it's more of a bar than a restaurant. It has a great beach bar atmosphere. It would be a cool place to hang out with friends if you are just going there to have fun & snack a little but if you are going for dinner I will advise you that it is more than just 1 $ in rating. My daughter wanted to get just a taco & it was going to be around $10! I usually get mini chimis from other restaurants so I thought I would try theirs. The mini chimis I get at other places come with 8 mini chimis & a side of jalopeno cream cheese. There was only 4 mini chimis on the plate & the jalopeno cream cheese was inside the chimis & no side. They tasted ok but but we were very dissapointed & won't go back.
5	UNCERTAIN WHY I HAVE NEVER ENTERED THE SANDBAR BEFORE....But I know I will be rolling through on Thursdays a little more often..So my boy gets a end of School year thank you gift of a Gift Card... Blessing that would help ease the pain....We Park to see Mist Systems chilling the air and the outside bar...(we will check out later without the kids).. Walk in to 2 welcoming faces, the ladies showed us to a table, got our drink order, we were going to order our usual Mexican fair, but decided to hear what was on Happy Hour and Thursday Special.... Little did we knowThey had a Chicken Chimichanga  that was normally $11.99 for $5.99 so I thought, sounds cheap i will order 2 one for now and one for Lunch tomorrow (Thank god tomorrow came, I will be brutalizing that Chimi like it was its first night in prison...lol)But I digress, so we order the Chimi and notice we are just in time for Happy Hour to close out, Waitress Explains that its also Ladies Night and Ladies get drinks HALF OFF...! BOOYAH! so they have A Magical Margarita Machine .... Boy was it Magic... Nice stuff by the way, so we find out why they only have one size.... Cause its all you need.Food gets delivered and presentation is nice, drinks are on hand and we all dive in... Then the surprise of the Spicy Smokey Chicken in the crispy hand made deep fried tortilla. Needless to say it was off the Chain and the guacamole was on-point, and I recommend ordering the extra at $0.50 per cup.Needless to say i only needed water, cause the Tequila was working its magic.. diner was a hit and we will be back, the burgers were of the Rock Bottom of Arrowhead before they fell off...And leftovers....wow........round two of Bring the Joy and Pain...lol
3	For unknowing drivers that visit this bar..Please take a cab or have a driver when going here?  Peoria PD motorcycle units love hanging out just west of this location, you have been warned :)As for the grill it is not,  it is more bar than grill....So as long as you came here for drinks, hanging out, maybe dancing then its a great stop....Fish tacos, carne tacos, and beer.  Bar nachos and drinks sums it up.  I do remember visiting here when it first opened up and they required guys to tuck in shirts?!  Not the case anymore, but it did seem over populated with bouncers at first.  I think it has calmed down since then and the staff seem friendly now.
3	Decided to check this place out since its near my house. I gave it a 3 star but I was teetering on the edge of a two. I just didn't think the place was all that great. When we initially arrived we were quickly seated (Sunday mid-afternoon) and the waitress promptly took our drink orders. She drops of our drinks and then proceeds to disappear for a solid 15 minutes. When she came back she gave us some chips and 2 types of salsa. The chips were 100% stale however the salsa's (red & green) were actually both pretty good. So the waitress took our order and it honestly seemed that it was another 30 minutes before the food came out. I can understand the wait if the place was jam packed but I would hardly describe the place as busy when I was there not to mention all we ordered was a hot sandwich and some fish tacos. Anyway, I got a steak and pepper torta which was actually pretty decent. The bread I thought made the sandwich...it seemed fresh. My wife had some some fish tacos which she said weren't all that great as well. After we ate we promptly paid and left. The weirdest thing about this place and I'm not sure if it happens all the time but all the workers and what seemed like their friends hung out in front of the customers. Literally right next to the booth I was sitting in there were at least 3 girls just sitting there with one just straight up eating! Call me old fashioned but isn't that a big NO NO in the restaurant biz?? It just struck me as very unprofessional to be eating out in the open. One of the guys she was sitting there with who I imagine was the manager or something didn't even say anything to her! Bottom line if you were to ask me if I'd go back there I would probably say no. Food was "eh" and the service was sub par. To many better Mexican restaurants to come back to this place, first one that comes to mind is PoPo's right off of Bell and I think 59th Ave.
2	Although service was good, my drink was seriously watered down. To the point of me almost saying, can I just get a rum on the rocks? Seriously. Basically I paid $12 total for two cokes with a splash of rum. It reminded me of hearing Kat Williams say, if your drink is really, really dark like blood, that is because you didn't order vodka buddy so sit your broke A$$ down. I actually paid for some alcohol and got none.. I am not asking you to pour like I am fish, but man, can you add a little bit of spirits to my coke? That would be lovely, thanks!  I wasn't the only one with this issue as another member of our party complained about the exact same thing.
3	Came here on a friday night for drinks. Fun place to check out. People said its like being at a beach, definitely didnt get that feeling. However, drinks were good. Bartender didnt make a three wise men correctly. DJ played really good music. Probly wont come here for tacos though.
4	Dos Equis Amber drafts are two dollars on Tuesdays. They're 20 oz glasses.Allow me to Captain Obvious this for ya.Seven glasses of this fine spirited brew, or approximately 140 ounces, (just a little over a gallon) will only cost you fourteen bucks, under twenty with the tip. And you don't even have to wait until happy hour!For me, this means a BAL somewhere in the 1.2 vicinity, or as I like to put it; legally fun. For you, (my bragging little co-worker)  at 125 pounds and seven beers, you'll be a skosh higher than this, say around 3.25 and fast approaching legally embarrassing. But you still have a few motor skills remaining and there are plenty of activities you can partake in at this BAL, such as:*Spastic dancing on the concrete counter at the bar.*Flashing your tits at virtually no-one.  It's two in the afternoon. *Being forcibly removed from the concrete counter prior to stumbling off the bar and into a stool.This followed by: *Telling me all about what a dick Jeremy is and how you should have never moved in with him. (I don't even know him)*Listening (uninterested) as you tell me your life story. (Cheerleader, yeah, right)*Uncontrolled sobbing, followed by;*Uncontrolled puking,.followed by;*Passing out.You also peed in the cab on the way home. Just thought you should know.Next time you tell me how you're Italian, and how you can drink me under the table, you may wanna think twice.I weigh twice what you do.The nachos weren't such a hot idea either.I hope you're reading this.
3	This is a good spot to get good, cheap margaritas after work and a snack. The music was really loud where we were sitting so it was hard to hear each other, but the service was great. We had an attentive, friendly waitress and chips with cheese dip that was yummy. The patio and cabanas look like a fantastic spot to hang out when it is not 115 degrees. : ) Good pick for after a long day at the office!
2	Been here several times before and it seems to get slower and slower every time I go.  Maybe it's the staff playing with water guns while at work.  I don't much care getting hit by water and neither did my friend.  You see, this hair of mine takes time to straighten, so I don't appreciate getting it wet.It would also be nice if a server would come around and take an order.  Especially after I have already ordered before.    If my glass is empty, I might want another.I ordered a vodka with sprite and a beer and it came out to $10.
1	Went here on two separate occasions once for dinner once for drinks. Horrible. I'll start with dinner. Horrible excuse for Mexican food. My husband, who loves Mexican, wouldn't even finish his burrito and my enchiladas were also gross. The food had little flavor and the enchilada sauce was terrible. For drinks, we went with some friends. Our friends ordered a couple of drinks and we bought a round for them. We felt as though we were double charged. Our waitress brought the manager over and he refused to let us dispute the charge. He kicked all of us out and had our check brought outside to us. They lost 4 customers for good who typically spend a lot of money over $10 worth of drinks.
4	Fun times, strong drinks, good dance-y dance-y, and a chance to watch a Drunken Catfight.  Sandbar, you're far away, but I *will* be back. Shoutout to DJ Statik and the Hostile crew.  ;)
3	Not impressed!  N. Tatum was much better location.
5	I had the nachos asada at Barrett Jackson and they were great. Instead of a small over priced portion you got a great size serving covered in a awesome queso.
5	I went here last night with a party bus of 30 people and Brandon was awesome accommodating our party. This bar is a great place to go to because of the huge layout and ease of ordering drinks. Plenty of beautiful women and friendly staff.
2	Both food and service have suffered since the last time me and my buddies visited.  I think the staff is working too hard at socializing with the patrons.  And by patrons I mean the group of college guys in the next booth over.  OK, look - we were not jealous...all of us in my group are happily married and don't need the attention from "Barbie" the waitress...(not here real name but now you know what I mean right?)We really just wanted food & beer but apparently this place "turns into a club" at 10pm which makes me feel like "you need to leave now"....  A well deserved two star review.  Enjoy your party at da club.
3	It's what you expect. Liked the salsa.
2	Stopped in for lunch, service was good but the food, was simply the worst representation of mexican food I've had in a long time. Had a chicken chimi with a "mystery" red sauce that was "ok" at first, but the harder I tried to like it, the worse it got. By the time I got halfway through, I just had to stop. The middle of the chimi was bit soft and doey and seemed undercooked, the chicken was fine but the sauce and the undercooked shell was just yucky. Other people there pushed away an enchilada and a funny look on their face, saying, sorry man, you pick where to eat next time.  I ate at the Desert Ridge location before, had the wings there, but nothing remarkable. I don't see myself returning here for food. Probably an okay place to hang out at the bar for a drink, but doubtful I'll be back for that much. Just not a good vibe here, and two for two "meh" experiences.
3	Went in for happy hour before the Coyotes game. I liked the laid back feel  the service was good. We shared chicken nachos and it was a good size portion. Between that and chips and salsa we were full. Good specials in beers. The margarita was so so. It seemed like later in the evening it would be a happening place. There was a band setting up outside in the area where it was set up like a beach and more people were coming in the later it got. We loved that you could buy buckets of beer. This would be a fun place to be with a large group of people.
5	"Nice night cocktails"Great eats and good peeps.Richard and Anthony are the managers they're great stop in and see them anytime you always have a good time here.
5	You always get great service here and the food is  good and fairly reasonable price Now on happy hour,half off of all drinks and food right now.
5	Love Sandbar, I feel welcomed every time I come. Jenn makes a great sweet tart in fact the sweet tarts here are always blue, someother places change their color from blue to a weird green color, but here it looks appealingManagement is always nice to and are great people to say hi too.  Anthony always makes this a happy place to be and Richard help makes it even better each time.Dancing is always fun too, and oh drinking out side in the sand neat.
4	Waaaa I am so sad and heartbroken that they left the northern location... like I cried. The food may have not been perfect or.drinks all that.. but the location the happy hour especially the UFC showings what kept me going back. The servers ad bartenders were amazing. I truly miss the Sanbar
