4	The Chinatown Inn is the last remnant of Pittsburgh's Chinatown.  It is the only "traditional" (as we Americans see it) Chinese place left in the immediate area.  I love the seafood dishes here.  I like my food simple, so I always opt for something like shrimp with broccoli or shrimp with peapods.  The egg rolls here are so good, they melt in your mouth and are not doughy at all.  My husband likes the Lamb Que Hunan Style.  I'm not sure if lamb is considered Chinese, but he likes it!If you are in the mood for a salad, try the Seasonal Oriental Saladwhich is fresh Asian greens with snow pea pods, Chinese white raddish, alfalfa sprouts, sun flower seeds, mint leaves and topped with crispy rice noodles.
4	This has to be one of the best restaurant around for chinese food or maybe I'm just a little biased.  During weekends, the next room holds a live karaoke and that's where I fell in love with this place.  The food is just as good!  I normally order the scallion pancakes, the hot won ton soup and chinese spinach and it's always tasted so good.. my mouth is watering just thinking about it.. highly recomended place for sure!
4	After driving for 7 hours from Chicago my friend Alison and I had to pick up my bud Natalia where she was working. Once I called her to say we were close she said she had to finish up something, so we parked across from this place and waited...and waited...and waited. Okay, maybe the wait wasn't that long, but the delicious smells from Chinatown Inn wafted into Alison's car and we decided we should just go there. And go there we did! Instantly I felt comfortable because this place reminded me of the Chinese places in strip malls in Northern Virginia. There were fish in a big tank, cozy booths, and rather dim lighting. They had a lot of regulars there the Friday night we went. Most people were talking to the waiters like old friends. Our waiter was young and adorable and looked like an anime character with his spiky hair. He showed us how to fold the paper bags into the triangle point. We were FASCINATED! I wish I could remember his name to give him proper props. I ate a spicy chicken dish that opened up my sinuses. I split a plain lo mein with Natalia because were just in the mood. Everything was hot and fresh. Lovely!To note: if you happen to be an older gentleman who is bald and owns a beige sports coat, this is where your meetings are held! There were three booths in a row with one of these gentlemen sitting with his back to me. I felt like I was looking at an Escher painting!
4	I ordered dinner from http://www.mealsdelivered.net/ from Chinatown Inn. I got chicken and cashews for my wife and Lamb for me. It is the best Chinese food I have found in Pittsburgh. Great ingredients  and taste. I intend to go there for a meal real soon. Highly recommended unless you have a ticket to NYC, SF or Hong Kong
3	a decent spot for lunch given that it is pittsburgh.  it's maybe a little step up from your fast food chinese place in nyc, the quality is a little better and the restaurant itself is obviously cleaner.i started w/the egg flower soup, it was a little on the salty side, but at least seemed like it was all natural eggs and didn't have the weird fake dark yellow color to it that a lot of places have.  tea was on the house which is nice.  i had the eggplant in brown sauce w/white rice.  overall it was decent, eggplant tasted fresh, but this was also a little on the salty side as well.  i would have given it 2.5 stars if possible, but rounded up since the older waitresses are very nice and reminded me of my mom.  in the end a decent place for a quick cheap lunch (it's slim pickins for good restaurants in pittsburgh).
3	This place makes me want to wave the Terrible Towel...at the 1 and 2 star Chinese restaurants in California. Woot!I stumbled upon this restaurant during my walk around Downtown Pittsburgh. The building was quite striking and hard to miss. Even the next day some kids riding in my shuttle bus pointed to that restaurant from afar, mistaking it as a tourist destination. The divided interior was just as elaborated with Chinese red colored from wall to wall. I came at the height of their lunch hour. It was a packed house but I still find myself the only Asian person in a venue where chopsticks had to take a backseat to forks and knives. The overtone of traditional aesthetics, English-only menu, and western utensils rendered my assumptions about this place, but relatively speaking this place was also to closest to what I see on Broadway in LA or Grant in SF. With $8.51 (w/tax), I opted for their lunch special combination with Szechuan shrimps and scallops with steamed rice. The dish came with a choice of soup and my bowl of decent won tons was comforting with strings of barbeque pork. After extended wait time, my dish came with a decent portion of jumbo shrimps and scallops stir fried with bell peppers, broccoli, baby corns, water chestnuts, and carrots in a brown savory sauce. The sauce reminded me of those cold winter days eating in Boston Chinatown while the combination was fresh with scallops being my favorite. For the price, it was certainly a better meal than any place named Panda. In terms of authenticity however, this place is far from Szechuan cuisine as the typical liberal applications of chili and garlic were desperately missing in the culinary discourse. Toned down Americanized and purposely catered to their mainstream clientele, 3 stars for the passable experience.
5	The Place: Clean, CasualThe Service: Inviting, Friendly, Quick The Food: Great Variety, Flavorful, Large Family Style PortionsHighly Recommend General Tso's Chicken & Beef, Pork Fried Rice, and their Fruity Cocktails! ;-)
4	Had my sister's birthday dinner here.  We order 5 dishes and ate with rice. I thought the dishes were good and the portions were pretty good size.  I can't remember the dishes that we got but the chow fun, Mongolian beef, dumplings, and chicken fingers(sweet and sour chicken with the sauce on the side apparently) were really good.  The dining area was clean, nicely decorated and lighted.  The only thing I didn't enjoy was walking into the dining area and have tables full of white families staring at you like they never seen an Asian person before.I would definitely give this place another try.
4	Man, I can't believe it's been nearly three years since I'd been here.  But I had a taste for some Chinese food today so I walked up here for lunch.  Chinatown Inn is still a good ol' fashioned Chinese restaurant.  You know the kind--no Asian Fusion but good ol' egg rolls.  For $7.95 you can get the lunch special including soup or egg roll.  I went with the egg drop soup.  I passed on the egg roll today (I know, the heresy!).  I like my food a little more basic so I went with my usual, fresh broccoli & chicken.  And that broccoli was fresh my friends.  It had a nice snap to it.  Yeah, yeah folks.  You know it's Americanized Chinese food.  Sometimes that hits the spot though!
5	An excellent lunch spot. Fast pick up, modest prices, BEST crispy eggrolls around. Good atmosphere inside and usually fast service.
2	This is your typical average chinese restaurant.  Low quality ingredients creating ehh food, but it's not the worst chinese food.  If you're looking for a quick lunch place downtown, they get five stars.  But the Subway next door would be better.
5	best wonton soup in the city.  amazing egg rolls.  sweet aquarium up front.  delicious broccoli with garlic sauce (don't judge me for ordering this).  i will always say "yes" to coming here!!!  parking can be a bitch, but you're downtown -- so it's no surprise/fault of chinatown inn.
5	Chinatown Inn is one of my favorite places to eat in downtown Pittsburgh.  And also for about 10 years has been home to parties on the 2nd and 3rd floor hosted by The Humanaut Crew and sometimes others.Chinatown deserves 5 stars just for their carpet alone: http://www.flickr.com/photos/soulglo/2969694288/Yes, ladies and gentlemen, this is real.  If you ever get the honor of being at a party upstairs, you would get to see this yourselves in all its majesty.That said, the food is good too.  Much better than any other place in downtown and it is worth the trek across downtown to eat there for lunch.
4	For either Delivery of Take-Out this establishment never disappoints!  The quality of the food is always superb and the staff has been extremely friendly both in person or over the phone.When ordering for lunch, order nice and early, while delivery itself is fast you could be in line with the lunch rush.  The food is too good to have to wait!!In person, the restaurant fills up fast.  They're good about accommodating small and medium parties.  The only bad thing is that it can feel crowded.
3	Big portions and decent Chinese food.  The service and friendly staff is appreciated. I have only gone there for dinner.  I had General Tso's shrimp and chicken last time and could barely eat half.  They were nice to add extra Broccoli and Bok Choy at my request.  I would have liked more flavoring in the sauce but it was still good.  I'm not a fan of the shrimp egg rolls (no shrimp found).  The won ton soup comes in 3 sizes and the medium was very large.  I was disappointed in the pork fried rice as it came as shrimp fried rice.  It was late so I didn't bother sending it back.  It was OK at best. I have had better and worse fried rice at other Chinese restaurants around the country.  Previously I had ordered one of their pots with lots of seafood and meat and happy family.  They were all similar in nature (tasty but needing more spices).   Parking is right next door in a small lot.  It's free at night. I'm guessing you have to pay during the day.
5	Amazing food.Big PortionsGreat service
5	I think THE best Chinese food restaurant that I ever been to. Portions are large (at least for dinner), food taste great, service is nice. Also they serve you complimentary tea with food. I would highly recommend it and will make a visit soon again.
1	I am puking a little in my mouth, just writing this review.  I will never spend another dime at this establishment.  The eggrolls are gross and the insides are mushy and soggy they taste like they have been prepared a month in advance and the vegetables inside have the consistency of baby food. I ordered a sweet and sour chicken. The canned fruit was cold as if the cook had just dumped it onto the plate right before serving.  What a disappointment of a restaurant my family and I use to love eating here.
4	When I worked in town, I ate here every week, and loved it, but after retiring 2 years ago, I was never in town until this weekend.  The food is as good as it ever was and they have remodeled the inside.Wonton soup was great, as well as the sweet and sour chicken, Kung bow chicken, and chicken fried rice.Service is always good and the fortune cookies crisp.  Don't forget when you read your fortune to add the words "in bed" at the end.  Makes for a better fortune.
3	Got takeout.Quick, courteous, clean.A bit greasy for my tastes, but certainly within expected for Chinese takeout.
4	By far my favorite Chinese place in the city! Hot and sour is good, egg rolls are big, crab rangoons are very good and the fried rice is great. The entrees that I have tried are good as well.
3	Ok. Average Chinese at best. Was expecting better based on the yelp reviews. Chicken schzwan was mild and bland. Would not likely go back.
3	Just like I remembered.  Large portions, good wonton soup, average pork dumplings.  Need more broccoli in the General Tso's Chicken.  When they say broccoli is in the dish, 3 small pieces don't constitute vegetables.
4	There is a super delicious, cute little Chinese place downtown - who knew?We didn't. For years. Until we went on a Just Ducky tour.We found out about the Chinatown Inn when we learned, on our Ducky tour, that there used to be a full Chinatown area in Pittsburgh. Aside from a few building facades, the Chinatown Inn is the last standing remnant of that era, and it's tucked away on a side street that makes it nearly impossible to find without word-of-mouth or a wrong turn directing you there.And it's a shame to miss this place. It's so cozy inside, quiet, carpeted, and lined with thickly upholstered booths that give you the impression you've escaped busy city streets and stepped into a magical, relaxing little cove.We ate just about everything on the menu. The wonton soup is probably the #2 wonton soup I've had in Pittsburgh. Their wontons are not stuffed, but the egg noodles are thick, and the bowl is filled with chicken strips and scallions. Delicious!Even with lunch, they bring you a pot of tea at no charge, and the lunch specials offer either an egg roll or a soup of your choice for under $8. (The only odd thing is that there's no pork on the lunch menu. Not sure about dinner, but it was just chicken, beef, and seafood for lunch.)We also added on an order of the crab rangoons, which were my favorite part of the meal. They were so crispy on the outside, so creamy on the inside. If I was craving crab rangoons, I would go out of my way to stop in here for an order.For our entrees, we got sweet and sour chicken and General Tso's chicken. Both were excellent. Like the crab rangoons, they achieved that perfect mix of crispy outside and juicy inside. But what I was most impressed with was the balance of meat and sauce: too often, Chinese restaurants end up overdoing the sweet and sour or General Tso's sauce, but this was just right.We also sprung for one of the 'jumbo' egg rolls. I'll say this: it was definitely jumbo! It was the size of about three regular egg rolls (picture posted in the photo section), but the problem was that with it being so gigantic, the insides were a little mushy. The outside was perfect though, but I think if we got egg rolls again, we'd go for the normal-size ones.All in all, this place was a hit. They've got a full bar, takeout, and really prompt service. We were in and out in well under an hour, so if you work downtown and are in the mood for Chinese, this place is just right!
5	The best chinese I have had in Pittsburgh, staff was friendly , it was super speedy like most chinese restaurants but worth the wait!!!
4	Best egg roll I've ever had. Great fried rice.
5	I want you all to know one thing, that this place, by far, has the best eggrolls you will ever eat in your entire life.I have lived in Pitt, NYC, Cleveland, and now DC....no where comes close.  Chinatown Inn's eggrolls are out of this world.  While their normal food is also very good, their eggrolls and fried rice are all I really order when I am in town.I always make it a point to get some before my trip back, and my family still goes to this place after all these years.  It's amazing, and you all need to recognize greatness when you experience it.Eggrolls.Amazing.
5	Oh Chinatown Inn, how I love the.  Let me count the ways: Open late, Clean, Friendly, well decorated, Excellent food, and.... (sigh!) just as excellent pricing!  I think that you'll be hard pressed to find a better combination for Chinese food anywhere in Pittsburgh.  I tried this place after hearing from several people that I HAD to go there.  It turns out that they were absolutely correct!  If you like Chinese cuisine, drag yourself into town and give this place a try.  Heck, even if you don't like Chinese food or are unsure if you do, give this place a try.  I liked it so much I am giving it 5 stars...  I recommend the Egg Rolls (Very fresh), General Tso's Chicken, and Chicken Fried Rice.  If you go here and don't love the place then you just don't like Chinese food... and I feel very sad for you.  ;-)
3	While it was pretty busy on a Friday afternoon around 1pm, we still managed to snag a table.The efficient servers take your order quickly, and your food is served fast.The all white-meat general tso's chicken was being pushed hard showing up a couple times in LARGE PRINT.  It looked wholly unimpressive when it came out.  Appeared to me to microwaved very consistent sized/shaped pieces of breaded chicken with a thin general tso's sauce. It was definitely unremarkable. This must cost them $1.75 to make.The chicken lo mein was much tastier, and egg roll (ordered shrimp, got vegetable instead) was good and crunchy.The price was very reasonable, service fast, and the food hit and miss.  I know people really like this, but they've got to do much better with a standard staple like general tso's!
5	I'm going to start with the bottom line for this place: Awesome. Affordable, delicious, and saucy entrees provide both filling and tasty meals. The beef and broccoli has a liquidy, mouth-watering sauce that is soaked into the broccoli and meat, providing an amazing experience for one's taste buds. Whats even more awesome, are the daily lunch specials. These give you a regular entree, along with your choice of rice and your choice of soup or egg roll, for only $8.50 or so. ALL of the food is cooked well and never failed to please me. With the extremely affordable price that can sometimes be cheaper than fast food, and the absolutely wonderful food selections, Chinatown Inn makes a spectacular meal that can't be missed.
5	Best Chinese in the city.  I always get the wonton soup - buttery and salty, with two big wonton. Lunch plates are lunch sized, but still generous. They have the best brown sauce of anywhere. Seating is a little snug, as they get filled to capacity every day of the week, but there's enough of a din to keep your conversations private.
4	Chinatown Inn hasn't changed its decor or menu since I've started coming here, it hasn't changed since my mom and dad started coming here, and it's not likely to change anytime soon.  And that's the way we all like it.I came here with some of my union brothers and sisters after a training seminar.  We all had a hankering for some good old Americanized Chinese food and few other places around here could satisfy our cravings.  We all started out with some soups (I tried the egg flower-delicious) followed by a mix of appetizers such as vegetable rolls and steamed vegetable hand-rolled dumplings.  I went for the broccoli chicken, but we all did a little family style sharing of our dishes.  So we all did a little sampling of ginger and garlic shrimp, curry roast pork, and some vegetarian dishes.It was a great evening with some great colleagues.  Oh and my fortune cookie?  It said "You are a person most generous.  Pay the check."
5	best egg rolls in the city.
5	Now that I'm working downtown, I'm looking for more restaurants open late. I'm so glad I found Chinatown Inn! Full Disclosure: I've only done take out but have been inside to pick up my meal. But inside looks nice and just like you'd imagine an old school Chinese restaurant looks like. I've ordered the veggie fried rice and lo mein: both delicious. Now I must speak about the egg rolls. I   L O V E  them. Probably the best I've ever had. Great sweet sauce too. Staff always friendly. Open late!
4	everything really good.  egg rolls are huge.  spicy is spicy.. very happy with the service on the phone as well.
2	When they say spicy, they mean spicy. And I like spicy so that's OK with me. But that's about all I found to recommend this place. The fried rice that came with my meal was very dry and no vegetables were mixed in. I also thought the portion sizes were small for the price. I'm from Philly so maybe they just do it differently here. Its a shame there not more choices because this is the only place in this part of town.
3	Looked this place up since my mom wanted to try their egg rolls, my brother goes here on occasion and always raves about the egg rolls. i decided to come here to look at the reviews and they werent all that bad except for a few. Those few were the ones i actually read fully. sad to say i must agree. Went here yesterday on a sunday afternoon around 2:30 or so. The place was clean and looked really nice inside. We were seated a couple of tables from the bar, which looked awesome, nice flat screen t.v. My mom and i had the wonton soup, egg rolls and pork dumplings as an appetizer. i thought the wonton soup and dumplings/sauce were very good. The egg rolls were okay but i think people believe theyre all that due to their size. One reviewer here said that the insides had the consistency of baby food. This was true...i had the chicken egg roll and when i opened it up everything was mashed together. im used to being able to tell whats in my egg roll, i had no clue what i was even eating. my mom had the veggie egg roll and she had no problems with it. We did have tea  and that was good. For the main meal i had chicken/beef chow fun and my mom had chicken chow mein. i stopped getting chow mein of any kind because its always all veggies and not enough meat. when hers arrived all i could see was green and white veggies with tiny strips of chicken. Mine had flat/fat rice noodles with huge chicken pieces and i had to literally try and find the beef. Whats sad is the chicken was bland,  while the beef actually gave the dish flavor. i could go to my local Chinese rest called No. 1 Chinese in verona and get better chicken than that. I dont agree that this place is THE best chinese place in pgh because pgh doesnt have really good chinese anywhere! maybe in other states just not here.I would go again because im curious as to how their general tso's tastes and i really liked the chow fun. i just wont get it with chicken next time : P
1	I give 1 star because the wonton soup was fairly decent. The rest of my lunch combination meal was dreadful. Actually the small portion of soup deserves 1/2 star. I will admit the order (for an office luncheon for 13 meals) did arrive on time, and almost complete. 1 wonton soup was forgotten, but they did deliver a replacement ASAP. My Szechuan shrimp and beef was very bland. I had asked to have mine ordered with medium heat, and it was very mild. No flavor whatsoever. It's possible it wasn't relayed or missed as I personally did not submit the order. But the worst part was I found a hair in it. Now it's not the worst thing that you could find in your food (I'm about to get to that), but it's not very sanitary. It was very unappetizing seeing it in there. Now the worst part. I found a metal fragment in my fried rice. The rice sucked, btw. Very bland. No veggies. Only a tiny trace of egg.  The piece of metal resembled a staple. But it was larger than an office staple. It was most likely from a sack of rice or some other packaging that inadvertently fell into the food. I did not mention any of this to my manager, who organized and paid for lunch. Everyone was having such a great time, I didn't want to ruin any of it for everyone. Even though the lunch was free, the small portions were not worth the price. I was still hungry afterwards. (Yes I ate what I could. I'm broke until payday and typically pack my lunch, so I was out of options.)Needless to say, I won't be back.
3	I wanted to like it more, I swear.  I thought the mudslide was fabulous.  Sadly, the hot and sour soup, while good, was not spicy enough.  The Mongolian beef looked nothing like Mongolian beef I have ever had.  It was good, but again, not spicy enough.  Additionally, there were no sticks to eat with, no soy sauce or mustard or chili paste on the table.  The food tasted good and was cooked well (plenty of places overcook Chinese food so this is a very good thing), but it wasn't flavorful enough.  I am willing to go back and try it again.  The people were extremely nice.  It was a slow night so the service was a little slow, but helpful and very friendly.
3	Okay- Love China Town Inn but the last 3 times that I have gotten Shrimp Fried Rice it just wasn't up to par.  I was highly upset the last time... thinking it was a fluke... I hope they see this and step their game back up.
4	Good quality of food everything was fresh and didn't take to long customer service excellent. This is not Chinese fast food and has some good selections
3	Good food but on the pricy side. It's the Best Chinese restaurant around downtown.
1	I have been gong there for many years. Always loved it. However the last three times have been a big disappointment. The quality of the food has deteriorated and is totally tasteless.
4	Very good lunch menu. Fast service. Good food. Very reasonable prices. I can't wait to eat there again!
4	I ordered once for takeout and once for delivery from Grub Hub. Food is consistently pretty good. The veggie rolls are huge and fantastic (best part of the meal, by far). I could eat a whole plate of them alone. General Tso's chicken is great. The Cantonese Style Tomato Chili Chicken was not at all what I thought it would be, but it wasn't bad. Delivery takes forever through Grub Hub, and the restaurant forgot one of our veggie rolls, which Grub Hub reimbursed. Those are my only complaints. We will probably order again.
1	This place gets 1 star from me. I used do be a frequent customer about 2 times a month since I live down town and it's usually excellent. Well this time I got general tso, egg roll, crab wonton. General tso chicken was so mushy and the sauce was thick like it was left over from the night before. The crab wonton were so over cooked you could not rip them apart and when I finally did there was hardly any filling. Only thing that was ok was the egg roll. I called and complained because Chinatown Inn is expensive and since I was not going to eat it I wanted my money back. My Roomate got chicken Lomein and egg roll. She returned hers as well. Her Lomein was gummy and no flavor. We got back they were rude and accused us of eating half of it when there was 3 prices of chicken out of it and now in my garbage can. I told them to charge me for the egg roll because that's the only thing that's was good. They did but they were not happy about refunding us. Never returning terrible experience, terrible attitude about their own product.
4	Quality Chinese food and very nice atmosphere for a Chinese restaurant. Two knocks in my opinion. A little pricey and do not openly ask if you want a soft drink. They give you tea and water, which is fine and healthier, but if I'm getting Chinese then more than likely I decided to forego eating healthy.I typically get the General Tso Chicken or Shrimp Fried Rice.On a side note: Best Eggrolls in the city by far.
1	Wonton soup tastes gross like they never change the soup in the pot. There's nothing inside the wonton. Worst wonton I have ever eaten. Sweet and sour chicken is wayyyyy too sweet to me. Yuk.
5	I've been dining here for years. They have lobster fried rice that ia delicious. I love the shrimp egg foo young and the shrimp and asparagus is another favorite. They are busy at lunchtime but evenings and weekends are reasonable. They are fast, clean and friendly. I highly recommend this place.
5	Great atmosphere, food was so delicious with generous portions. Pan fried noodles were simply amazing.
5	This is my favorite Chinese place. They have been around forever in the same location which speaks volumes about the place. It's a nice atmosphere with very friendly staff. The egg rolls are huge and the best around. I usually get my meal extra spicy. You get huge portions for the price you pay. Very fast service too. Give this place a try.
3	Meh, this place is OK. Pittsburgh Chinese sucks so there aren't many options, it's pretty much here or Mandarin. I usually go Mandarin if they are open. This is a decent back up when they are closed-- delivery on weekends is weird.... just saying'.
5	Stopped in for lunch with my Mom and had shrimp fried rice with a shrimp egg roll. Delicious as usual and we went at 11:15 am 10 avoid the lunch rush. Been eating here for years...never been disappointed.
2	The info screen says they deliver but they don't. They direct you to call a delivery service to place your order. Wasn't difficult but was an extra step. The order was confirmed by the delivery service and they emailed the receipt immediately but the order was incorrect when it arrived. The chicken Lo mein was ok but overall lacked flavor. The wanton soup also lacked flavor and noodles were overcooked. The vegetable roll was excellent though. They also forgot the plastic silverware and napkins which I specifically asked for.
5	This is THE BEST Chinese food on the Eastern half of the USA! The egg rolls are to die for, literally!  I have been in Chinatowne of NYC, Washington, DC, San Francisco and others...no where has fresh authentic Chinese food like  The Chinatowne Inn on Third Ave, Downtown Pittsburgh.  I have brought people here to eat that have been in top Chinese restaurants of the aforementioned cities and others. They agree after they eat here!
5	My go-to Chinese food in Pittsburgh. I've never been disappointed in my many meals. I often call in and get to-go food, and the nice ladies that work the phones/front counter/cash register are always friendly, greet you with a smile, straight to business, and usually don't have to ask, they remember me & load me up with plastic silverware plates, & napkins. Their restaurant is always clean, has a small bar area with booth seating, and the other section has more of a fine dining atmosphere. They serve you hot delicious tea and ice water upon sitting down.If ordering delivery, they only deliver downtown during lunch hours because they deliver via bicycle. I compared the price when ordering delivery via yelp & foodler & foodler was cheaper (& also - that's a middle man to Meals Delivered - but I like my foodler points/convert to $).The usually offer a coupon on their website.
1	The lady on the phone - owner's daughter - spoke somewhat rudely and refused to accept cash and hung up on me. lol...Make sure you have a credit card else they won't accept your order. You've been warned.
4	One of the best Chinese food joints in the city. Everything i've ever gotten here has been amazing EXCEPT anything including their bean curd. Instead of cutting it up into manageable sized pieces that absorb the flavor, they throw in big fat pieces. Get the egg rolls, seriously.
5	Chinatown Inn is defiantly my favorite Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. My family had been coming here since it's beginning, the staff is always very friendly and positive. My favorite dish is the Spicy War Shew Guy Chicken (No Lettuce) the pieces of chicken are lightly fried and are always juicy, this brown sauce that is on the chicken is the perfect combination of spicy and savory. They also have hands down the best shrimp egg rolls in the city. The Szechuan Chicken is also delicious. Take it from a Yinzer, give this place a try!
4	Pleasantly surprised! Great food and service. My only complaint is the same as other people have said, the wonton soup. The broth is good however, the wonton's are not stuffed with anything so it's basically broth with wonton skins. Everything else was great! Highly recommend if you are in the area.
